John was more than a little surprised at that but he could see Sherlock was resigning in to himself and that was the last thing he wanted to see, “Hey, don’t do that” John said softly, reaching up and cupping Sherlock’s cheek without a thought. He watched the other man’s eyes shoot open and his lips parted as though he was about to speak but no sound came out. For a moment, John had no clue what was going on but the room was silent and the air grew thick and warm. Moments passed as they watched each other and soon enough, John moved his hand away and cleared his throat. “How about I go make us some breakfast, you haven’t eaten in days” he suggested, sitting up and shifting to the edge of the bed.
I was feeling inspired to get this part of the story in. I think it's important both in the story and in reality that people realise they are beautiful whether they have one scar or a hundred.
“Welcome to a regular person’s body” John said with a smile, the smile falling when he realized he would be sleeping alone tonight. He wanted to ask… no, that would be bad. How could he ask Sherlock to stay with him again? That would be bizarre...surely. Before he could stop himself, John realized he was speaking, “Would you stay with me again perhaps?” The words seemed to tumble out before he could even attempt to stop them and at that, John felt himself go pale. It was odd, he wanted so badly to just be around Sherlock and show him how much he loved him and cared but every time there was an opportunity to do so, he became nervous. In all honesty it made sense when he thought about it, Sherlock was way out of his league in every way and was not looking for any kind of relationship besides the one he has with his work. “ I mean uh…. If you want to of course” he tried to finish and make things better but it didn’t quite work.
When John stayed on one side of the bed Sherlock was a little confused, didn’t he say he was a cuddler? If that was the case, why was he leaving such a space between them? Perhaps he was uncomfortable or genuinely thought Sherlock was laying there half naked? Various thoughts began to swirl around the detective’s head but he tried his best to slow his mind down. The last thing he wanted was to get lost in thought and leave John in mid sentence or something like he did in the cab. “You don’t need to hang off the edge of the bed you know, there is more than enough room”
Soon enough, Greg was at the door and officers made their way into the flat. John felt relief sweep over him until Greg looked him over, “Jesus, he did a number on you mate. You alright?” he asked.
No replies came and twenty minutes later he pulled up outside 221b and gave the driver a few notes before darting into the flat without the change. A few pennies were the least of his worries at this point, all that he could think about was the million and one things Sherlock could have done in the time he had been away. “Sherlock?” he called, rushing up the stairs and into the flat. Empty. No one in the living room or in the kitchen. No sound anywhere. “Sherlock?” he called again, hoping maybe he just hadn’t been heard. Dropping his bag by the door, John found himself rushing about the flat, each room being empty except for the bedroom. His bedroom. “Sherlock I know you are in there, open up” he said, relief seeping into his tone. Seconds passed and no sound came out of the room. “Sherlock come on, this isn’t funny. Look I know you were upset earlier and so was I but how about we just take a minute to talk about it eh?” No response. Concerned, John bent down and tried to peer through the keyhole but remembered there was a coat on the back of the door which obscured his view. Sighing, John got down on his knees and looked under the door only to feel his heart drop in his chest. There, on the other side of the door was Sherlock, lying unconscious in the middle of the room. Without a moment of hesitation, John jumped to his feet, trying the handle again, “Sherlock!” he shouted, rattling the handle in frustration. No reply. With that John backed away from the door and charged it without a second thought. Unlike in the movies, the door didn’t just fly open and John groaned as the pain rippled up his shoulder and the door remained in place. Again. Again. Again. No change in the status of the door. Panting, John took another approach, angling himself properly, he took a deep breath and kicked the door by the hinges. Away it came and he had to dive forward to prevent it from landing on the man on the ground. Rushing over, John fell to his knees and rolled Sherlock onto his back only to feel disappointment well in his chest. Upon seeing the brunette locked in a room and sprawled out like a rag doll on the floor, he had thought the worst, thinking maybe he had been attacked, maybe he had suffered a medical emergency of psychological breakdown. No, nothing like that. Under his nose there was a fine white powder residue. Sherlock was out cold, having bloody overdosed himself again. John was utterly disgusted. One problem had arisen and this was the result? Sherlock had dealt with it by locking himself in a bedroom and getting so high he collapsed. Maybe John had taken on more than he could handle. As he looked down at the detective a thought came to mind, a thought he never imagined even for a moment that he would experience. He missed Mary. He missed Sarah. He missed a lot of the women from his past right then and there. Well actually, not them in specific, he missed the ease of having a relationship where you could relax, watch the telly, have a comfy evening shag and go to bed in eachothers arms. He missed the first few months of a relationship which included going on dates to the theatre of the bowling alley. He missed having someone hold his hand and walk the length of the city while watching the stars. Suddenly the reminiscing stopped and John was consumed by guilt. Collecting himself, John lifted Sherlock into his arms and moved him onto the bed, laying him on his side before leaving the room. He couldn’t stay there. Hell now he couldn't even bring himself to look at the man he loved, not while he was like this over something so foolish. All the concern before had worn off and John just felt utter disappointment. This was not over, not by a long shot, they needed to work this out but he would have to wait until the detective was able to think clearly and explain himself. John needed to know what the hell they were going to do because right now, he didn’t have the answers. The only one who could help them move past this was Sherlock himself.
“Almost.” His expression shifted into something resolute, yet furtive. “Agatha has asked me to kiss her.”
“You will do no such thing!” I exclaimed, surprising us both with my vehemence. Then, without further thought, I added, “Holmes, have you not considered that
He stopped, and turned to face me with a look of determination. “Watson… John, I am quite certain now that I do
Undressing with Sholto was solemn and erotic. With Sherlock, it feels natural. Almost. John drops his clothes onto the floor, grinning at the general chaos and at the sight of his friend struggling to pull down his slim-fit trousers. But by the time Sherlock steps out of his underwear, they are both serious again. John’s gaze drops instinctively to Sherlock’s crotch, then guiltily away, until he remembers a full second later that he’s allowed to look, now. His mouth goes dry, his stomach twisting into knots of excitement and apprehension.
“You know my methods,” Holmes replied. “When in conversation with a client I do not merely study her attire or facial expression, but also the myriad of unconscious looks and gestures that reveal the inner workings of her mind.”
“Innocent?” Jennings repeated, dropping the folder onto the table. “How, then, do you explain their frequency and duration?”
“You exaggerate beyond bounds, as ever, Watson,” he replied, scowling into the fireplace. “But if you truly wish for my opinion, you shall have it: I am in no doubt that Miss Morstan returns your sentiments.”
“Nevertheless, all that I’ve read upon the subject… whatever are you laughing at, John?... My extensive
underneath it. He was wrong about blending in, looking like that. I think everyone in the room was staring at him.
“I know you don’t,” Sherlock smirks. And then he drops his bombshell: “You even tried it yourself, once.”
This is clearly neither a new nor a welcome idea to Sherlock. “Don’t think, just feel,” he parodies, with a grimace. “That seems to be fairly common advice on websites for the sexually uninitiated. But I didn’t realise losing control was a
“I really can’t comment at this early stage,” Sherlock matches his tone, giving a lazy smirk. “We haven’t yet completed all the activities on the list. I take it you’d be willing to try some more at a later date?”
engaged in an illicit relationship with the connivance of her friend. Her visits are of an innocent nature.”
His cheek was now pressed to mine, so I felt, rather than saw, his smile. “Then let me confess, John, that you have distracted me too thoroughly to care about the etiquette.”
He compressed his lips and shifted in his chair. “You have asked me not to affect an aloof detachment from human emotions. I will therefore admit that I cannot provide an impartial judgement. My ability to draw inferences from observed behaviour is compromised when the individuals in question are my friends.”
I believe that, in all the years I had known Sherlock Holmes, I had never once heard him stumble over his words, or hesitate so long in their selection. His unexpected sensitivity touched me deeply, even as I hurried to his aid.
A rakish young man in a workman’s outfit emerged from the bathroom and came striding towards me. I stared at him in bewilderment for a full five seconds, until his lips twisted into a familiar smirk.
tried out our conversation in my head, but I didn’t expect to reach this point so soon. In reality you never say or do quite what I expect you to.”
John is reminded forcibly of their first day in 221b, when Sherlock was practically falling over his own feet to gain his approval. Strong as the attraction between them was, even then, John little imagined then that six years later he’d be standing with Sherlock beside his bed, about to make love to him. “You’ve never done this before, right?” he asks, finally voicing a question that has bothered him since their first evening together.
Sherlock nods. “I propose six steps, although when listed they do sound somewhat crude and pedestrian…”
That touch makes everything real. Or rather, it turns John’s reality inside out. It’s like leaping off a cliff: for several long seconds his heart is lodged in his throat and his insides are in free fall. After so many years of admiring Sherlock, needing him, longing for him, loving him as a friend, he’s going to… well,
“For the purpose of calibration, naturally. I was comparing the passing appreciation of a stranger with that of a man in love.”
We duly relocated to the opposite part of the room, where I continued to reflect with amusement on the denouement of an affair that Holmes had considered so promising. It was rare indeed for his instinct to fail him. I could not help but ask if he were not disappointed. “For, far from the intrigue you had foreseen, there appears to be nothing more to this business than mutual misunderstanding,” I mused. “The wife suspects that the husband is unfaithful; the husband suspects the wife, and both are happily mistaken”.
“Not necessarily,” John says, then repeats it with more conviction. “Actually, no. But I need to know that you’re really serious. I mean, a minute ago we were joking about it all being an experiment, and I know it’s more than that, but marriage is a whole different ball game.” He swallows hard. “I
“My dear boy, you appear positively scandalised!” He clasped my elbow to help me to my feet, making a visible effort to reign in his glee. “To preserve our friendship, I should explain that my invitation to wed Agatha comes from her father, not from the lady herself. You will no doubt acknowledge the distinction, although many would consider the consent of a daughter to be a secondary consideration in such a case.”
There is a long, shocked pause. “Tried… being gay?” John says at last, his tone implying that he finds the idea highly improbable.
“I was tested last month after that incident at the undertaker’s,” Sherlock says. He shovels the last of his papers unceremoniously onto the floor. “Clean. And you are too, so if you agree we can dispense with condoms until step six. I did buy some lubricant, though. Look.” He retrieves an assortment of bottles from his pocket and holds them out for John’s inspection.
John glances up, surprised. “No problem. I really should have sent you to A&E, though. If any of that metal went anywhere we can’t see it…”
Later that day, immaculately attired in evening dress, Holmes and I stood at the corner where Duke Street runs into Grosvenor Square, some three hundred yards away from our client’s home. The night was cold; our breath froze in the air between us, and although we had not been waiting above an hour, my injured shoulder had already begun to ache. I did not, however, regret for a moment that I had accompanied my friend. A frisson of anticipation passed through me when the clock struck a half past seven, and, turning to Holmes, I saw an answering gleam in his eyes. When adventure beckoned we were, as always, in perfect accord.
“Which one of us is the romantic now?” I teased. “Were you expecting a passionate embrace, or a candlelit serenade, and one of us on his knees?”
“Who the hell told you that?” John asks, but Sherlock merely gives him an enigmatic smile and raises his eyebrows expectantly. John groans. “Can’t you just… deduce it or something?”
Mrs. Jennings was now regarding him with a touch of awe; her former reserve had all but melted away. “I am truly astounded at how much you have accomplished,” she said. “I cannot ever thank you, or your friend, enough. With one evening’s work, you have freed me from troubles that had tormented me for almost a decade.”
In the light of this explanation, I could not help but revert to my initial concern, and ventured to suggest to my friend that a perusal of ‘
I risked a glance at him. He was examining the contents of his glass, tilting it back and forth in the firelight. “Mary Morstan loved you very well, just as you are. The same applies, no doubt, to the ladies who took liberties with your clothing this afternoon.”
“I imagine that she has examined his private diary,” Holmes interjected, before she could speak. “Your husband is a lawyer, madam: the card you left with our housekeeper indicates the address of his firm on Chancery Lane. Given his profession, he often works at unusual hours: his absence from the house would not, therefore, be cause for suspicion. You speak with conviction, so you have some other evidence that you consider persuasive enough to justify my involvement. It is not tangible: had you found a locket of hair, or a trinket, you would have brought it with you and produced it immediately. Your hesitation suggests that it was obtained by underhand methods. A stolen glance into a private diary is the most probable explanation.”
“Our very own love affair,” he remarked, with a wry smile. “Complete with hesitations, false beginnings, blushing disavowals, and even delicate euphemisms, if I recall correctly.”
“I assume that you require instruction?” I prompted after a moment’s silence, ghosting the backs of my fingers over the curve of his throat. “There are many different ways to kiss, you know.”
influenced his subsequent behaviour towards other attractive men, notably Sherlock himself. Especially in the months leading up to his wedding, when Sherlock seemed more
So on Friday night I dressed up and made my way out to the club. I’m not allowed to tell you exactly where, but it’s in the West End, and invitation only. I’m not sure whether they’d beefed up the security or whether it’s always like that - the body search at the door was pretty invasive! But I could see the moment I walked in why a blackmailer would choose to infiltrate the place. You wouldn’t believe the kind of people I saw there! And what they were getting up to! I bought a drink and sat at the bar, trying not to stare. I sat there for about half an hour, feeling more and more like a tit. And then I saw them.
“Number… eight on the list?” John asks, closing his eyes and tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “Right after the anal sex and the romantic relationship?”
He turned away; I stepped swiftly forward to bar his path. “Perhaps you do not wish to hear this from me. But I need you to understand: I have been blind to my own desires until today. I never thought to make the comparison before, but now that I have, I find that Miss Morstan has not ever been more enticing, more absorbing, more beloved, more
He had no need of my instruction, now. As he worked his tongue slowly, exquisitely, between my lips, I surrendered all control, letting him caress and explore me. He groaned into my mouth, and my desire throbbed hot and deep. My prick swelled tightly against my trousers; I shifted, desperate for relief, and then his fingers were there, unfastening the buttons and easing my underclothes down my legs. He leaned in, pressing against my side as he took my prick in his hand. Discomfort dissolved into aching pleasure at his touch. He stroked me slowly, almost meditatively, yet I could hardly catch my breath.
Sherlock and Victor came into the club hand-in-hand. Sherlock was laughing at something Victor had said, and his eyes were sparkling. As was the rest of him. I’d never seen him in clothes that tight, and that’s saying something! He was wearing this midnight blue shirt that… well, I don’t know much about fashion. But you could see his muscles
Sherlock hadn’t slept that night. When I let myself in, he was perched on the back of his chair, still wearing his outfit from the club, except that he’d scrubbed the make-up off his face. His hair was a complete mess, as if he’d spent the night running his hands through it. I could hardly breathe when I saw him.
“Yeah, I’ve moved onto step whatever-it-is.” John confirms. “Is that okay?” Then, leaving Sherlock plenty of time to refuse, he leans forward until their cocks touch. They both gasp.
Mrs. Jennings thus dismissed, Holmes returned to his chair by the fire, pressed his fingertips together beneath his chin and stared into the flames. Intrigued though I was, I knew him too well to interrupt his thoughts, so instead took up a newspaper and settled quietly into the armchair opposite. Glancing now and then in his direction, I was pleased to see that his dejection had been replaced by a look of interest and anticipation.
Their kiss is gentle at first, but charged with meaning. It doesn’t make John forget his wariness of physical attraction to another man, but the reality of Sherlock’s slight stubble and broad shoulders – the
“It is possible that her husband married her for her fortune, rather than for love,” I offered. “That may explain why he is tempted to seek his pleasure elsewhere.”
Mrs. Jennings flushed. “My motivations are my own affair. Will you, or will you not, be able to assist me?”
than ever before, John told himself repeatedly that he’d be an idiot to give up his physically and emotionally satisfying relationship with Mary for any uncertain something-beyond-friendship he imagined he might have with Sherlock. Mary was the wrong choice, obviously, but that doesn’t make him any less anxious about starting something he can’t follow through.
“Presumably you had no reason to do so,” he sighed. “But yet, you are the warmest hearted man that I know. I would have been astonished if you had persisted in condemning a mutual love between two equals for mere reasons of convention.”
Far be it from me to undermine the public’s confidence in the boundless talent of my friend. The reality of the case was, however, somewhat different. It makes for a more entertaining tale.
He laughed. “I dare say that, when I left home this morning, I knew rather less about the subject than you. However, with borrowed tools I was able to effect some temporary repairs. This was only possible, I might add, once I had conducted an extensive examination of the house and grounds.”
“During the brief time that Mrs. Jennings was in our sitting room, I perceived a number of subtle indicators which, taken together, presented a suggestive picture. A particular motion of her eyes, and the places in which they lingered. The dilation of her pupils. Subtle alterations in her breathing. The reorientation of her body towards an object of her appreciation. In short, indicators of sexual attraction.”
“You mean that on the basis of one unsuccessful homosexual encounter you concluded that any attraction you might feel towards another man must be illusory.” Sherlock says.
“Touch me,” I said, and his fingers returned to the nape of my neck, sending sparks of electricity down my spine. I caught his other hand and placed it on my waist. “Tell me what you want.”
unforgivable.” I regarded him slyly from the corner of my eye. “Particularly as my last lesson appears to have been in vain.”
He dropped the act at last, his shoulders sagging with weariness. The spell broken, I released his arm and stepped away. Our eyes met and held, and heat flooded my cheeks as I realised fully what intimate nonsense we had been talking. I half expected him to retreat to his room, but instead he poured a generous glass of brandy and pressed it into my hand, before taking an equal measure for himself. I sipped the drink gratefully, relishing its burn against the sudden ache in my chest.
I couldn’t take my eyes off Sherlock. But it wasn’t (just) because of the way he looked. You probably think I was jealous of Victor, and okay, maybe I was (a little), but that wasn’t it either. The thing was: Sherlock looked
“No time like the present,” Sherlock says, withdrawing his hand and managing to sound almost businesslike. “The first step is close physical proximity, but obviously we’ve got that covered. Once you’ve finished stitching me up, we should try kissing and caressing.”
I took a brief moment to savour the fact that Sherlock Holmes, through a lie of omission, had induced me to give him an entirely unnecessary lesson in kissing that afternoon.
Love and happiness swelled so sharply in my chest that I burst out laughing. He grinned, and shifted to make room for me as I lay down to face him. My hands drifted to the nape of his neck, the warmth of his skin seeping into the backs of my fingers.
He stared at me, lips parted, a flush creeping over his face. I took his hand and caressed it with shaking fingers, unable to help myself, unsure of what else to do, since he remained silent. The momentum of my declaration dissipated fast, leaving me exposed and overwhelmed. I watched his face, shuttered now as his eyes dropped to our hands. I steeled myself for his rejection; I felt, to my wonder, his fingers intertwine with mine.
“We really should take off our boots, you know,” Holmes remarked, interrupting my thoughts. “The rain will make it impossible to track us, yet we’re sure to have left some prints.”
Sherlock hesitates, then rolls his eyes, some of his usual arrogance returning to his face. “John, it should be blatantly obvious, even to you, that our ‘experiment’ didn’t dignify the name of scientific enquiry. There were no pre-agreed objective criteria for success or failure. Only two participants, both self-selected and with a strong personal interest in the outcome. And as you say, sexuality is hopelessly illogical anyway.”
“I’m not embarrassed,” John says stubbornly. “For what it’s worth, I think you’re pretty interesting too. But you already know that. I mean…” He shakes his head, distractedly. “God, that sounds…”
I immediately turned to the window, and saw that Jennings had likewise left the restaurant and was now crossing the street at a brisk pace, with the agile figure of my friend leaping from shadow to shadow behind him. Repressing an oath, I signaled to the waiter and fumbled in my pockets for the requisite notes and coins, before hurrying out into the night in pursuit of Sherlock Holmes.
“I’m so very sorry, John.”  Dr. Fellows sat down again, put her hand on John’s arm.  “From what I’ve heard, your team came under heavy fire.  By the time MERT arrived, you were the only one left alive.  You were very lucky.”
Sherlock doesn’t feel like laughing; he feels like sharing, which is unusual and deserves further observation.  He retrieves the tuba from its case, inserts the mouthpiece and holds it out.  John looks at him.
“Hi there, Mr. Owens,” said John in the friendliest voice he could muster as Owens slowed to see if he could be of assistance.  “I’m afraid I’ve got a flat tyre, and my phone’s gone dead.  Do you happen to have a puncture repair kit? Or could I use your phone?”
“Go to the bedroom,” said John.  “Be there in a minute.”  He got up to let Sherlock gather his blanket and his pride and retreat nude into the kitchen.  Then John picked up the muff, turning it over in his hands.  The image of Sherlock spread out on the couch pushing his cock into it was still burned into his brain.  “Mad bastard,” he muttered aloud.  “The both of us.”
The robin landed in the birdbath and flapped its wings, sending droplets of water flying.  John looked at it fondly.
For there, standing much like a guilty child, was all six feet of Sherlock Holmes, in nothing but black pants and randomly-placed strips of sheeting that were somehow attached to his body with something sticky.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before he smiled.  “Damn,” he said, then laughed, a genuine laugh that lit up his face.   “There’s always something.”  He shook his head as if he should have known better.  “When does your shift end?”
“This is a nice chair,” John says genially as he sits.  Their chairs have been a running gag now for years, and, true to form, Sherlock’s decked out the sitting room with one larger, more modern leather club chair, and a smaller, upholstered wingback for John.  It’s still chilly, and they’ve drawn the chairs closer to the fire, to each other.  “You’ve done well for yourself.  It’s a great find.”
Navya agreed. They had worked hard for the past few years to rescue Willow Cross, a local landmark and--more importantly--the biggest employer in their part of rural Staffs, from what appeared to be imminent death.  Lillian had been talented, although no one liked the favouritism, and most of the staff felt greatly underappreciated.  Navya knew Leybourne was far more interested in horses than people: he hardly knew their names, much less anything about his staff’s family circumstances or outside interests.
“Well, clearly, we do.  Unless you just plan on barging in on one of Lillian’s sessions, and even then, performing acupuncture isn’t illegal.  Whatever she’s doing turns her clients into Mrs. Jenkins.  What did Mycroft say?  That he felt ‘euphoric’?  From what I read, acupuncture doesn’t usually have that effect.”
he knew Sherlock’s hopes, dreams, and fears.  What did Sherlock hope for?  Cases.  Puzzles.  Things to figure out.  His dreams?  Who the hell knew.  He didn’t want fame or money.  As far as fears, John knew Sherlock was terrified of failure.  But beyond that?
Jeanette laughs, but there’s little humour in it.  “He’s really something,” she says, nodding toward the sitting room.  “He always has to make a lot of noise, doesn’t he.  A real drama queen.”
Not to be deterred, anticipation fluttered in his belly as he stripped off his clothes, grabbed his new bottle of silicone lube, his toy, and his phone. He cued up the audio file, popped in his earbuds, flipped open the cap of the lubricant, and got to work.
They played the first round (‘Pop classics of the 1990s’) before John managed to get to the bar.  He took an instant dislike to the barman.  Tall, blond, and fit, the man working the bar exuded a type of cool confidence John distrusted.  Plus, he’d made John wait longer than he should have, and John didn’t like to be kept waiting.  Sure, he wasn’t suave or trendy, but he was a soldier and he knew that he could mop the floor with the smug barman’s face if he had to.  He locked eyes with the man as he collected his pint of Stella and Jenny’s glass of Chardonnay and tried to convey as much to him.
In the soft lamplight he could see, along with his own spunk and sweat, hundreds of short, blue-grey hairs, and the beginnings of what was going to be a spectacular case of hives, from chest to cock.
.  Maybe they see it, deduce it, I don’t know.  But somehow, they feel it and make the change.  I don’t know why I feel what I feel, Sherlock.  God knows you can be a selfish, insufferable prat.  You’re moody and tactless.  You can be cold and occasionally cruel.  But you’re brilliant and you make me laugh and you’ve brought me back from a sad, empty life.  I just
“You cried,” said Sally.  “Your eyes went like saucers” --she mimed Sherlock’s expression--- “and then you started crying, right there in the mud.”
However, it wouldn’t leave me alone.  I wondered -- what would their “goodbye” to Holmes Hall have been like?  I wanted to see more.  And Scullyseviltwin, bless her, was so sweet to promote this fic that I decided she deserved a little smutty present.  This is for her birthday (very, very belated).  I have put a note in chapter 22 to indicate where this scene is inserted.
“A case like this,” Mycroft is saying, his face twisting into a moue of disgust, “requires...legwork.”
“Oh yes.  Well, Sam here is.  He’s a big sweetie, really, but Josie can be temperamental sometimes.  I guess we all feel like that.  Nothing a bit of sunshine and some fresh air can’t fix.  It’s been so beautiful lately.” The horse --Sam-- stopped munching and looked up at the woman, sharing some kind of secret communion.  She reached up and stroked his muzzle.
“No, not me.  My father only preyed on the weak.”  Her eyes grew flinty and she pursed her lips in distaste.
Sometimes I sit in my brother’s private library at the Diogenes and just leaf through the pages.  Breathe the dust: rotting paper, decomposing ink, billions of dead dust mites.  The smell of time.  Ah, time, one of the great alchemists.  What is ambergris, priceless fixative for so many perfumes and colognes, but a lump of sperm whale excreta transmuted by time and the sea?
James ran both of his hands over each of John’s feet a few times, rolling them this way and that, stretching them out and relaxing the muscles before taking John’s right foot in his hands.  He started at the heel, using this thumb to inch his way up along the outside of the foot.  John had expected something slippery and oily - this was more of an odd, dry pressure.  “I’m just feeling the tissue,” said James, “going through each zone, checking for changes in density.”  He got up to the little toe, did something like pinching it a few times, and then started back down in the middle of John’s foot, working his way up again.  John was feeling pretty ambivalent about the whole thing until James hit something under his middle toes.
“I’m afraid Mitchell Amos died a few years ago.  And I haven’t the foggiest where Luke might be.  He and his wife moved ages ago.”
But Mycroft and Sherlock were insistent that selling Holmes Hall was the right thing to do, and besides, John couldn’t see himself being happy living there permanently.  He and Sherlock would fit best in the bustle of London.
about breaking and entering, and something about being wrong with Sherlock felt decidedly right.  It was a conflicted and wonderful feeling, and John savoured every moment of it, every time.
John did his best to give her a winsome smile.  “Is there any way I can speak to your manager?  I’m John Watson, and that git in the coat is...”
Sherlock nodded, lost in thought as they walked along, approaching the stump of the plum tree.  “My father would have liked this,” said Sherlock as he looked at the spot, his hands in his pockets.  “He would have liked you.”
As the water beats down on my back, my hands get to work in my front.  I could have come down there, in that pool, with John’s tongue in my mouth.  In hindsight, I’m surprised I didn’t go off like a rocket at the first brush of lips.  Kissing has always seemed so...tedious...and I’ve never really enjoyed it, but I stopped counting the times I found myself focussed on John’s mouth, his wonderfully expressive mouth, even in the very beginning, when he would drop words of praise from that tongue, those lips.  An instant high.  For someone who doesn’t smoke, John is certainly orally fixated.  He rubs those lips of his, licks them constantly, pouts, swears.  My army doctor, a feisty fellow whose mouth can be as efficient as his fists. His mouth
John was so tired, God he was so tired. But even when his body clamoured for sleep, something about Sherlock’s voice sent shivers down his spine and heat into his groin.
“You should have.  Awfully easy job for you.  Poke your head in once a day to see me withering away to nothing in here.  Day after day in an endless cycle of
John frowned at Fantasy Sherlock.  He desperately hoped the real Sherlock was better at bedroom talk than the one in his head.
The two ladies wheeled the laundry basket into the utility room and Navya took another sip of tea.  The washer began to fill.
“Watch,” said Sherlock again as the head of John’s cock nudged his hole, and so John did; he watched as the thickness of his prick stretched the muscle, as the shaft disappeared into Sherlock’s body.  Sherlock’s breath left him in a great huff, and John heard him groan softly.
John could picture it now, Sherlock poking at the silly, fuzzy restraints (a gag gift, actually, that he’d kept just in case he might need such a thing) as most people would prod a dead animal.  His phone buzzed again, this time with just a single word:
Later that night, John looked up Sherlock’s website on the internet.  Sherlock really was a consulting detective after all.  He’d written numerous treatises on a wide variety of forensic sciences.  He’d done some extensive research into tobacco ash, apparently.  There was also a significant index of soil analysis and a guide to recognizing over 300 types of women’s perfume.  It was impressive.  Sherlock wrote up each of his “cases”, as he called them, in a side blog.  John read them all, and found himself smiling at his hifalutin diction and pretentious tone.  He’d often dismiss the few people who dared make comments on his posts outright, calling them “common idiots”.  Yet something about the entire website struck John as not really a red flag, but a banner of sorts.  A call, a summons: please, pay attention to me!  He noted the counter on the blog: only 257 hits.  Curious.
John wasn’t planning on it, though his hands were getting a bit tired.  He spent a few minutes with the right, taking his time with toes, before switching to the left, but after listening to Sherlock moan and watching him writhe around, he couldn’t take it anymore: willpower depleted.
John collected his thoughts, stepped into physician mode, put own a pair of gloves, and began to examine the body in earnest.  “Male, twenty-five to thirty, physically fit, more so on the upper body than the lower…maybe an athlete…a gymnast?  Not a body builder, though.  Calluses on the palms – wait.  No, never mind.”  He paused, looking at the very bare skin of the victim’s chest before lifting an arm and examining the naked armpit, looking for clues.  Nothing obvious.
He was fairly sure he woke up with a smile on his face, warm and comfortable, in Sherlock’s bed.  John blinked a few times, rubbed the sleep from his eyes with the heel of his hand, uncurled himself and rolled over.
In an instant, the look of sentimental concern vanished from Sherlock’s face and was replaced by something born of desire.  “Me riding you on that chair.”
“You and me...we were on the desk together, and I was in you, your legs were round my waist, we were fucking, completely going for it, and…”
John had developed a pounding headache by the time all was said and done (headbutting perhaps was not the best idea), and it was nearly 1am before they headed back to Holmes Hall.  He was exhausted and feeling emotionally adrift.  He held on tight to Sherlock as they rode, afraid that he would fall asleep and topple off the bike.  He had been so concerned, worried almost to the point of sickness at the thought of Sherlock being romantically involved with someone, and he had felt so fiercely protective, righteously furious when Sherlock’s cheek split open.
“Ha! No.  You don’t prune ivy.  You hack at it if it gets overgrown.  Bloody stuff clings like a limpet.”
“Can you even love?  I mean, are you capable of it?  I know you, um, feel something, but...”  He trailed off.  It was probably a very bad question to ask and he regretted it instantly.  Damn the whisky.
“Oh.”  She deflated a little.  “Well.  It’s so nice to see a new face.”  She clasped her hands together again.  “I think you’ll fit in just fine.”  And with that, she left in a flutter.
Sherlock doesn’t move.  That’s not so bad.  It’s not as if his entire unit were half a foot away from John’s crotch, hoping to kiss it.  Or maybe they were.  That was worse.
“So,” smiled John, ignoring Sherlock,  “what does a foot massage usually entail?  I’m assuming it begins with some kind of assessment...”
“What I’ve observed about relationships,” Sherlock continued, “is that most of them change.  I suppose we’ve gone about things rather backward.  There are important things we ought to discuss.  But not now.  I find myself feeling rather satisfied with life at the moment, and I just want to exist.  Here, with you.  Ruminating about the future is pointless, John, and only breeds worry.  The point is, we’re here now.  You know I do not believe in fate or soulmates or any other such nonsense.  I’ve
“Especially.  Now, shut up, stand there, and try to look stressed out.”  It wouldn’t be a stretch.  Even without his ubiquitous coat and scarf, Sherlock was meticulously dressed in a suit and couldn’t look more uptight if he tried.
Lestrade inhaled as if he were going to explain, but then he just kind of shook his head and smirked.
,” chimed in Mr. Chapman.  They seemed to find it highly entertaining.  John allowed them their mirth.  What was he going to call Sherlock, anyway?  His boyfriend?  That didn’t quite seem right.
Legs, then.  Keeping his eyes closed and focusing on the sensation of soft fur against his skin, Sherlock lightly dragged the muff up one calf, noticing the sensation of the hair on his legs rubbing against the hair of several unfortunate Australian rodents.  Further up, over a thigh, his hip.  Soft, warm.  It was not unlike John’s hair, when he was occupying the space between Sherlock’s legs.  Sherlock let out a soft little sigh, exhaling the breath he didn’t realise he’d been holding.
“You aren’t my life, Sherlock.  You did just fine without me all those years.”  John exhaled loudly.  Sherlock had mentioned on several occasions that his finding a flatmate - and even a flat - was a nearly impossible task: he knew he was difficult to live with, much less be friends with.  He may be a genius, but his interpersonal skills were total shit.  If Sherlock had a fear at all, John figured it was being on his own again, searching for another flat and a poor sod to put up with his antics.  The truth was that Sherlock
Exhausted but more relaxed after a long swim, he rang Harry, just to let her know he was staying on in Gargrave.  He lay on his bed in a vest and pyjama bottoms, the phone tucked in between his cheek and shoulder, and told her about the strangest week he’d had in a long time.
The image of the corpse’s body came back to him.  The lack of his body hair was off-putting and unnatural.  So, no.  His body would respond to Sherlock’s regardless of what was under those suits, the simple joy of touch and response would outweigh any qualms John might have.  If Sherlock initiated the touch, if he kissed back, if he responded to touch with loud groans or soft whimpers or even with silence - John wouldn’t care.  It would be delightful.  He suddenly had a vision of his own hand trailing down Sherlock’s chest, over smooth pectorals...
“So, young man,” said Mr. Chapman after they’d finished exchanging pleasantries.  “You said you had some questions.”
A crew of builders were re-plastering the ceilings in several rooms, whilst another team wrestled with electrical fittings and repaired ancient sash windows.  Mrs. Hudson baked biscuits for the whole lot of them.  She kept the small radio on in the kitchen to hear the weather forecast and shooed John out every time he sneaked in to steal a bite of dough.
He told the Harry in his head to stuff it, but knew she would be right.  He’d never been a coward.  Intimacy was difficult for him.  He found it difficult, talking about his feelings.  But he was too old to hide, and time was of an essence.  He couldn’t stay at Holmes Hall indefinitely, and as for Sherlock…?  He’d be off to wherever life would take him, and John would be stuck in a beige flat in Leeds...alone.
“So, there’s a case?”  John asked when Sherlock had failed to say anything more.  That snapped him out of his reverie, and the confused vague look of earlier was replaced with interested glee.
John paused, hands still warm on those globes of flesh before trailing a finger through the oil and down, very slowly and gently, just between his cheeks, from top to bottom.
.  I think I shall conduct research tomorrow.  On the Internet,” he added in a voice he reserved for placating, eyeing John as if to ward off more protests.  “And maybe... chemistry.  And I shall go out if the whim strikes.  I resent being treated like a child.  You are not my keeper.”
John groaned and closed his eyes.  He envisioned himself spread out on a blanket, naked, the sun silhouetting Sherlock, who lay above him, arms on either side of him as they made love among the flowers…
“I would like to return to London, but I have grown used to company as of late and would like to share the cost of a centrally-located flat.  I’ve been doing some thinking and have analysed our relationship.  We get on well.  You are not troubled by my experimentation; you take up little space and are generally tidy.  Granted, I do play the violin when I’m thinking, and sometimes, as you know, I don’t speak for days on end.”
“It wasn’t just about what I did,” Sherlock says, quietly. “It was about you, and the way you responded to me. I’d never imagined it would be so intense.” He stares into the middle distance for a moment, biting his lip. “If you’re willing to reciprocate…”
For reasons that I could not quite explain, the heat rushed into my cheeks at this question. I then flushed still harder at the thought of how my reaction must appear to Holmes. For several minutes I was quite unable to meet his eye; when I finally did so, his gaze was intent and speculative.
John looks up, and time seems to stand still. Because Sherlock might have sounded casual, but he’s looking right back at John with a mixture of wariness and defiance, spots of color burning high in his cheeks. He appears to be holding his breath, waiting to see if John will pick up on his unsubtle hint. Because this is what Sherlock has been leading up to from the start.
Sherlock leans forward. Outwardly he’s every inch the supportive friend, but there’s an undercurrent of excitement in his voice that does not bode well for John’s sanity. “If you find your test subject attractive, and if he’s informed and willing, why not?
“Lock the door,” he murmured at last, and I released him reluctantly to do so. When I returned, he was leaning against the mantelpiece, his eyes fever-bright and his hair in disarray from the passage of his fingers.
“All the metal is present and accounted for. I can reconstruct the test sample to prove it. Besides,” Sherlock adds with deliberate emphasis, “I have complete faith in your abilities.”
“There are certain features in a space such as this which must appeal, consciously or not, to anyone planning an illicit rencontre,” he explained in a low voice. “Seclusion is of course required, as is dim lighting and an excellent view of the door. In this half of the room the tables are spaced at least five inches further apart than in the other, and observe how low these candles burn! I anticipated that our man would seat himself here, even before he had moved in this direction.”
I hastily pulled off my own shirt then set to work, more slowly, on his. His chest heaved against my fingers as I stripped his clothing away; when I placed my mouth upon an exposed nipple, he arched his back and cried out, tangling his hands in my hair to hold me in place. I obliged him for a long moment, relishing the rising heat of his skin against mine, until I could wait no longer. Without ceasing the motions of my lips and tongue, I slid my hand back down to his groin.
I leaned back in my chair, my mind reeling. In idle hours, I had sometimes wondered about Holmes’ intimate past, picturing him with elegant, high-born ladies or, occasionally, raffish, bohemian men. Such imaginings had never convinced me, I confess; yet that a man as charismatic, as striking and as inquisitive as my friend should have no romantic experience at all, had simply not occurred to me. I found the idea strangely absorbing.
“Oh yes, of course!” John exclaims, turning eagerly towards him. But then, despite himself, he hesitates, because really, what could be good enough for Sherlock after
So, this is my first blog update for a while. It’s been hard to find the time. As most of you know, earlier this year I became the proud father of a beautiful little girl! And, as if she wasn’t enough to keep me occupied, Britain’s most wanted criminal mastermind made another appearance! But now something else has happened, and this seems the easiest way to tell you all. It even involves a case, of sorts.
touches his cock there’s no room for awkwardness: John spreads his legs to give him access, and presses wantonly into his hand. He’s dimly aware that he’s moaning Sherlock’s name. His pre-come is slicking Sherlock’s fingers. Those lips against his throat… those fingers stroking him firmer and faster…
A few minutes later, John has him sitting by the bathroom sink with swabs and towels, a large bottle of saline solution and a pair of tweezers, and has started the painstaking task of cleaning him up, testing for nerve damage and extracting the embedded metal. Sherlock appears to have retreated into his mind palace, responding mechanically to John’s requests and barely flinching as John probes his wounds. For a while they sit in companionable silence.
“Do not tell me you know anything about plumbing!” I exclaimed, admiring and relieved in equal measure.
His eyes flitted between mine, and he wet his lips. Repressing a smile, I leaned towards him until our faces were inches apart. Close up, he smelled of rain, and of freshly spilled coffee.
He fixed me with a look of open curiosity, but asked no further questions. It was just as well: I already felt as if the evening’s exertions had stripped away my defences, leaving me raw and overexposed. I needed time to recover my equilibrium. It was unacceptable that a little play acting should have stirred up my feelings to this extent. We did not speak again for the remainder of the evening, and by the time I rose the next morning, he had already left for Hampstead.
This time, we were not tentative at all. I dragged him close, slid my hands into his hair and my tongue between his lips, and he met each advance with increasing fervour. I had wondered if it would feel strange to make love to a man, but the only difference that mattered now was that this man was Sherlock Holmes: his brilliant mind focused on me, his lithe body firm against mine, his skillful fingers already working the buttons of my waistcoat. My whole being quickened in response to him; my blood pounded waywardly to my cheeks and to my groin.
Keeping his hand where it is, he shifts his fingers so that he’s cradling Sherlock’s testicles, massaging him gently. Without stopping, he moves closer, tangling his legs with Sherlock’s, half leaning over him and bringing their mouths together. Sherlock gives a shaky sigh and relaxes into the kiss, even as his cock slowly hardens under John’s palm. So far, so good.
“Quite so,” Holmes replied, flashing me a grin. “Dr. Watson and I liberated the evidence in question from your husband’s office yesterday evening. Seven years of detectives’ reports on your visits to Curzon Street are now at your disposal. Since they were no doubt purchased with your money, I have no scruple in allowing you to deal with them as you see fit.”
“You are too much on edge,” I told him, fighting my own urge to fidget under his gaze. “This will come more naturally if we are engaged in conversation.”
Sherlock lifts his chin. “Never. But I’ve done my research.” Then, still looking at John, he starts to unbutton his shirt.
“There is a difference,” he said, tightly. “I can touch her, as I touched you, to achieve a given effect. But most physical contact between lovers is a spontaneous expression of their desire for intimacy. I cannot feign that convincingly, nor respond as I ought to when she places her hands upon me.”
“No, indeed,” I blustered. “You have just implied that our client is sexually attracted to... to Miss Morstan, of all people! Do you believe that her interest is reciprocated?”
John shifts his kisses to Sherlock’s jaw and then his neck, losing himself in the warm, familiar scent of him, and the salty skin beneath his lips. When he touches the tip of his tongue to Sherlock’s pulse point, Sherlock’s breathing becomes ragged, and John pushes him gently onto his back, letting go of his cock for a moment in favour of running both hands up his chest and pressing kisses to his throat. John’s fingers reach Sherlock’s taut nipples and he squeezes gently; Sherlock groans and thrusts up against him… and then suddenly Sherlock is scrambling into a sitting position, overbalancing as he tries to put weight on his injured hand, his eyes wide with shock.
I stated in the official record that Holmes seized my hand as we crept through Milverton’s conservatory. Battle-hardened, I could see in the dark as well as he, but the thrill of breaking one law was immeasurably heightened by simultaneously defying another. I did watch him with a ‘glow of admiration’ as he opened the safe: admiration not only at his criminal skill, but also at the manner in which he knelt upon the carpet in his tightly-pressed dress clothes, his forearms bare, his cheek pressed almost tenderly to the metal as he manipulated the brass knobs with dexterous fingers. Those fingers found mine, once more, as we stood in quivering suspense behind the curtain, watching Milverton converse with his murderous visitor. Throughout it all, our position could not have been more perilous, yet with Holmes at my side I exulted in the danger. After destroying the contents of the safe, we ran for our lives out onto the vast expanse of Hampstead Heath, where we stood laughing in breathless triumph as the icy wind whipped around us.
Sherlock is watching him closely. “John, I think it might be easier for us both if I touch you first,” he suggests.
It’s easy for John to read Sherlock’s emotions because they mirror his own. For a moment he feels completely out of his depth. The coward in him longs to deflect this with a joke – his usual joke about people who might talk. He resists, because he owes Sherlock more than that. But the alternative is frankly terrifying. He never talks about his feelings, and neither does Sherlock, which is presumably why he seduced him this way. The “experiment” gave them both the chance to set aside the weight of expectations and lower the emotional stakes. Maybe that’s still the best approach, even now.
“On the contrary, it is obscured by a veritable thunderhead of moral ambiguity,” he corrected me cheerfully. “Settle the bill would you, my good fellow? I believe I know where he is heading, but he may yet surprise us.” And before I could recover from my own surprise, he had sprung to his feet, seized his coat, and strode from the room amid a swirl of black fabric.
Holmes was in the grip of one of his black moods, and had spent much of the week either prostrate upon the sofa or pacing the room with restless energy, sharpening his tongue upon such well-worn topics as the failings of the justice system and the futility of human emotion. I, by contrast, had been courting a former client of ours, the charming Miss Mary Morstan, and had reached that delightful stage in our relations when I was reasonably certain of her affection and was contemplating an offer of marriage. I was therefore far from agreeing with my friend’s assessment of love affairs in general. I humoured him, however, and asked why he believed that our client-to-be wished to consult with us on a matter of the heart.
“… and three separate continents, if I recall.” He gave a tight smile. “However, it is a rather different matter to instruct another person – specifically a
“You are too hasty, Watson,” he interjected, his voice calm, though strained. “Based upon the insights of a single day, you are reevaluating all your current relationships. Your opinions will soon settle, and then you will wish these words unspoken.”
“I love you,” John says, completely unable to help himself. “I love you so much, Sherlock. I’d do anything to be with you.”
At these words, my coffee cup slipped from my fingers. It struck my knee, bounced to the floor, and spilled half its contents down my trouser leg. Holmes was at my side in an instant, mopping up the scalding liquid with his sleeve before it could soak through the cloth. For half a minute we scrambled to save the furniture and rug from yet another unwieldy stain. Crisis past, we found ourselves kneeling a mere foot apart before the fireplace, regarding each other intently.
With a repetition of her thanks, which Holmes waved aside, Mrs. Jennings took her leave. I do not exaggerate when I write that there was a new sparkle in her eyes, and a spring in her step. I joined Holmes at the window, and watched her cross the street to where another young lady stood waiting. Although more homely, and more simply dressed, Miss Warrens was nonetheless radiant as she advanced to meet her companion. She took both her hands with affectionate confidence and stood on tiptoe to kiss her cheeks. The two of them lingered for a moment in animated conversation, their smiling faces illuminated by their pocket lantern. Then finally Miss Warrens gave a cheerful wave in the direction of our windows, and they set off together down the street, arm in arm.
At least half of any kudos I get for this story are dedicated to my beta, Emma Ockham, for all her helpful comments and suggestions: thank you!
“But you enjoy sex, are occasionally attracted to men and have no convincing reason to restrict yourself to one gender in your search for a partner.”
We stumbled the few steps down the hallway and collapsed, fully clothed, onto his bed. He began immediately to undo the buttons of his shirt, but his fingers, normally as steady as a surgeon’s, were shaking.
I frowned at the images which this latter remark conjured in my mind. “Is she not a pretty girl?” I enquired. “Do you not wish to touch her?”
“It is a privilege to escort you thus,” he remarked, sweetly, a moment later. “I know that you have a great many admirers.”
I pulled him closer. “Never again, nor with anyone else. My perspective may have altered, but my feelings for you are not the impulse of a moment. It is clear to me now that I have wanted this all along.”
“Do you imagine that she intentionally misinformed me?” His brow furrowed. “It is not impossible: my questions were rather pointed, and she is astute, in her own way. But most likely she was unaware of her employer’s late-night rendezvous. I should have foreseen it. I was unforgivably distracted.”
For about a minute Sherlock appears undecided. John forces himself to stay quiet and give him space. But then: “I suppose we could try that,” Sherlock mutters at last. “As an experiment.” He turns his gaze to the ceiling, the frown of determination settling back over his face. John can practically hear the command “let go!” resonating through his mind like a mantra.
Frustrated, Sherlock let out a huff and walked over to his sofa, falling onto it and resting back with closed eyes, “Fine, it’s not as though it matters anyway. I don’t see why I should care, it’s just John anyway”  Some people used a phrase relating to the idea of putting a foot in one’s own mouth, this  wasn’t a saying Sherlock really paid any mind to… until that moment. A short choked sound came from the doorway and Sherlock turned to look, he wished he hadn’t. John was stood there, eyes widened with shock and hurt, is mouth still parted from the sound he had made and his entire body frozen in place. For once, Sherlock wished more than anything that John would make one of his usual joking remarks like ‘piss of you wanker’ or something along those lines… that didn’t come. He would even accept anger, aggression, anything… No… that didn’t come either. What came, was silence and to his genuine surprise, a tear rolling down John’s slightly bruised face. Sherlock knew he should speak, backtrack, apologize, something! But nothing came out. Before anyone said a single word, John steeled his expression and turned on his heel, marching out of the flat.
Before Sherlock could even process what was going on, John was out the door, leaving him laying on the sofa with his assailant unconscious on the other side of the room. What just happened? He didn’t understand. Sitting up, Sherlock felt his head spinning from the lingering effect of the drug as it swirled weakly around  his system. What was John going to say? It sounded like… no. It couldn’t be. Sighing, he looked over to the unconscious man on the floor and tilted his head as he examined him. His knuckles were bruised lightly, most likely from where he had been hitting John. He didn’t know why but the very thought of that rat laying a hand on his blogger made a fire burn in Sherlock’s stomach but he ignored it and looked further. The rope around his wrists was bound brutally tight, clearly just loose enough to leave circulation. Rubbing his own wrists, he felt the burning sensation and almost felt empathy for the man below him. The skin was clearly being pinched and was reddening around the area, John had been thorough with his knot as well. Even when this man was taken into custody, the officers would have their work cut out for them when it came to removing the bonds. His clothes were crumpled up, clearly there was a struggle but not much of one. By the looks of it John got him pinned and had straddled his torso to keep him down. Further up, he focused on the expanse of exposed neck. It was severely bruised with two very distinct handprints. That was uncharacteristic of the John Watson he knew… John wasn’t one to be so aggressive in fights. Normally he would take down someone in the quickest and most effective way possible. It was just the way he worked, his training from the army showed through clearly when he fought but this was different. This was like an act of revenge. He watched the assailant slowly choke for air and fall into an unconsciousness state, he watched him suffer.  The very thought made Sherlock shudder ever so slightly, despite John’s size and caring nature he was definitely not someone to make angry. Getting to his feet, he moved towards the man and took a breath, reaching down and pulling the mask aside. To his surprise, he recognised the person beneath it instantly. When he had been undercover as a junkie many months ago, Sherlock had stayed in a squat in the attempt to capture the leader of a drug smuggling ring. Of course, as always he had been successful and the leader had been put down for 35 years. This criminal below him was the son of the drug lord, he was 23 years old and had grown up helping his old man. “Shame…” Sherlock mumbled, giving the man a final look before heading to his room to change.
Sherlock Holmes didn’t simply say he was sorry. “Oh God…” he gasped, jumping up from behind his desk and rushing out of the office, saying his hasty goodbyes to the staff on the way out. “What have you done?” he muttered to himself as he bolted out to catch the first cab he could. The journey home was remarkably tense, John felt his heart racing in his chest. He knew, as did many other people that Sherlock didn’t respond very well to negative emotions and if he had been stewing over what had happened between them all day, who knows what he could have done to numb those feelings?
Time for things to start moving, slow as it may seem. If all goes well, the pair can pick up the pace and see where things go from here.
The days passed quickly for John, each one bringing more and more nerves to the surface as the weekend approached. Doubts flung themself left and right through his mind and it took all of his will power not to just cave and give up on things. He was not going to simply chicken out on Sherlock, not now. Saturday rolled in and John found himself waking promptly as always, his internal military body clock never failed to have him up at the crack of dawn. He stayed in bed for a moment, looking up at the ceiling as he attempted to get his thoughts in order. He had been looking at a million various things he could do for the weekend but at the end of it all, he had settled on something nice and simple. Sherlock was no blushing virgin woman on her first date so the whole flowers and chocolates idea had gone out the window. The detective wasn’t a crazed money hungry woman who needed the utmost fineries in her life. He was Sherlock, he was that lunatic who messed up the flat and brought killers into the house. Sherlock Holmes was a man who would go days without food or talking or anything. A man driven by his work. A man compelled to live life in cases and killers and cover. After all of that research, John had decided on the simple things to start with. Firstly, breakfast in bed. Something so utterly simple and yet he felt it would be appropriate as he knew that Sherlock hadn’t eaten in two days. Taking a breath, John steadied his unwelcome nerves and swung himself out of the bed, wincing at the pain in his knee but shaking it off promptly before grabbing his dressing gown off the back of the door and heading to the kitchen.
“Oh my god… Sherlock… you are something else… you really are” he said between chuckles. When they had first met John found he could never understand even half of the comments the mad detective seemed to make, his comments were always harsh and inappropriate then, now however, John knew exactly what he was life and he found it hysterical. He managed to bring his laughter to an end and tilted his head, looking over the detective for a second before speaking, “You eat more like a cat… You are fussy and will eat as and when you please with no exception to the rule” he said thoughtfully, trying not to start laughing again when he imagined Sherlock as a grumpy sleek black cat.
“I...I don’t want to sleep alone right now” Sherlock’s voice was different to usual, that deep and strong baritone sounded far weaker and it unnerved John just a bit.
John thought back on it and remembered, rolling his eyes, “It’s not that bad I’m sure.” However when he thought on it, they guy had gotten a pretty good swing in. When they had been searching the location, Sherlock had spotted a number of clues that had lead them to where they were now. On their search, the gang had ambushed them, granted there were only four of them at the time but they certainly got a good few hits in before they were subdued by police and Sherlock had taken off again. John had taken it upon himself to get the burly bloke off of Sherlock but had gotten a blow across the face for his troubles, at the time he hadn’t paid much mind to it, now however the area was warm and throbbing slightly, not that it mattered to him now. Right now, at this moment, only one thing mattered,  “Sherlock?”
“Yes he does. I suppose I am grateful for getting him off of that other crime… If he had gone down for it, we would be eating at home a lot more often.” Sherlock stretched upwards and yawned. “For once I’m tired for two nights in a row, I think I have been cursed” he murmured, looking about and hailing another cab in a matter of seconds yet again.
When they arrived at 221b, John paid the driver as per usual and got out of the cab, looking back to see Sherlock had followed swiftly. Up they went into the livingroom and the abandoned their shoes and coats by the door before both falling onto the sofa. “I’m beat… fancy a cuppa?” John asked, rolling his head to the side to see Sherlock sitting beside him in a clearly thoughtful state. This was going to be harder than he thought. Shifting over, John sat closer to Sherlock, but not close enough that they would touch. The last thing he wanted to do at the end of all of this was spook the clearly concerned detective. It was like approaching a startled deer at this point, he was afraid that one wrong move would send the other sprinting in a panic. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock made a snuffly noise and looked up at John, his eyes half lidded and he expression soft, “Mmmm? Oh… I slept well, thank you” he hummed, closing his eyes and resting back on John’s chest, “You are very comfortable you know? I’m somewhat envious of those bimbos you bring to bed now” As soon as the words had left his mouth, Sherlock’s mind seemed to catch up with him, he tensed and John found himself blushing but that quickly dissipated because the next thing John knew, Sherlock had practically thrown himself backwards and was now on the other side of the bed, “I…. I didn’t mean like that I just uh… excuse me” he stumbled over the words and just like that… he was gone, practically fleeing the room. John had to admit he was almost stunned, he didn’t know why though, Sherlock was always a rather erratic person but something about the way he seemed to bolt out of the room made John’s chest tighten just a bit.  ‘Oh stop it! You knew this would happen anyway. It’s business as usual, get a grip’  He mentally scolded himself, taking a deep breath before clambering out of bed. Stretching, he felt each and every bruise on his back and sighed, “Bastard could have at least pushed us onto the bed” he muttered to himself before heading to the bathroom. The flat was awfully quiet, it was something that John normally craved but for some reason he didn’t like it now. He would be lying to himself if he tried to say the events from the early hours hadn’t affected him at all. In all honesty he had been so concerned with assisting Sherlock that he hadn’t even processed it all yet but he would worry about all of that later, for now he just needed a damn shower and a cuppa.
Taken aback for a moment, John blushed and nodded, “Alright alright… come on, let's get going.” he said, hopping out of bed and pulling himself together. Before running after the madman who had already bolted for the door. His madman. Smiling to himself, John bolted after him, huffing a little as he tried to keep up with the lanky detective. He could swear sometimes those long legs and that thin frame just made it impossible for John to catch up with him. It had to be to do with wind resistance or something because no matter where they were, he always seemed to be miles behind. After what felt like forever, John saw Sherlock standing still down the end of an alley he had gone down. Relief washed over John and he stopped, leaning on the wall after giving it a quick inspection for any odd substances. Catching his breath, John sighed ‘God I’m getting old’ he thought with an internal laugh following it, he looked up and oddly enough, he noticed Sherlock was looking back for him. Straightening up, he made his way over to the taller man who actually looked concerned which was odd, “So, what have we got?” he asked, his breathing returning to normal.
Sherlock tried momentarily to compute what was happening but he failed for a few moments before he was capable of processing it. John being so close was stunning, he missed the warmth of the other’s body from those nights they had spent at each other's sides. He missed the smell, the comfort and the safety of being in his blogger’s arms. “I like it” he commented, leaning into the touch and resting his head on John’s shoulder. That was better. He could easily get used to this after a tough case. His mind slid into a comfortable quiet as his body relaxed. Perhaps this wouldn’t be as complicated as he had first anticipated, oddly enough this sort of behaviour had once repelled him and yet now, Sherlock found himself in a state of contentment due to it all. He could think into the psychological reasons for that later on, right now however, he was happy to simply rest there and let his thoughts fal away until nothing was left but John.
I’ll admit I’ve been a bit derailed for some time, I wanted to make regular updates and carry this all forward but time after time life gets in the way. I’m glad if you are still reading after all the time that’s passed and hope I can get back into this. Pre-warning: chapters will be a little all over the place for the beginning of the relationship but please bear with it. I just can’t see these two working right off the bat.
“3, 2, 1…” the detective whispered, then there was a crash as the man clearly lost his patience and smashed a nearby window.
Rolling his eyes, Greg gave Sherlock a playful punch on the arm, “Oi! It’s not my fault you attract lunatics on a daily basis. Most people can go their whole lives without being kidnapped and drugged but you can’t go two minutes without agitating every criminal in London.” he said with a smile, “Glad you’re alright though. I think you should go talk to John… he’s really beating himself up”
“Everything is fine John” Sherlock sighed, turning awkwardly to face the other, “I’ve just been thinking is all, don’t concern yourself so much”
Nodding, Sherlock looked up at John and smiled, “What did I do to invoke an emotional attachment with someone like you?” he murmured more to himself than anything else. As usual, John smiled in return and Sherlock made sure to take in every little detail like he always did. When John smiled, it was more than just a movement of his lips to display his inward joy, it was a gesture that had a chain effect from his face to his body.It started with the slight curl at the edge of his lips which usually blossomed into a full on grin. Laughter lines formed by his eyes and he always tilted his head ever so slightly.  He always relaxed his posture a little, comfort and happiness showing in the way his muscled slackened just a little bit. The main part of John’s smile that Sherlock always noticed however, was the gleam in his eyes. When John Watson smiled, it was as though the world could smile with him.
“Forgive you?” Sherlock repeated, his eyebrows knitting together in confusion as he tried to process all of this. How could John Watson, the sweetest, kindest and most loyal man he had ever know possibly fall in love with him? It didn't add up. John hated the things he did. John hated the way he; left mess around the flat, experimented in the kitchen, accidentally set fire to things, worked til the ungodly hours, woke him for cases… so much more. It didn’t make sense. John liked women, he always dated women, he always had sex with women, he always brought women back to the flat, he married a woman. It didn’t make sense. John could get someone, anyone, a million other people who were far better for him that he could ever be. But no, the way John was looking at him... His pulse… How upset he had been when he had said he didn’t care… The way he had beaten the assailant in the flat. The way he had given away his most precious possessions. The way he had always come through for him, no matter what. The way he had visited his tombstone every day, tears on his cheeks. The way he had been on their last phone call for years. The way he made him a cup of tea each morning. The way he raced around London with him. The way he put his life on the line at the pool. The way he had shot the cabbie with seconds to spare… The way he looked at him on the first night at Angelo’s and the way he looked at him right now.
When Sherlock bolted, John felt disappointed but what more had he expected? This was Sherlock, if he spooked him, the man would run without a doubt. Relationships were not his area and this would have to be approached logically, not romantically. Straightening himself out, John followed at a distance and stood back as Sherlock worked things out with the police before gesturing that they could leave. As they clambered into another cab, John reached over and laid his hand over Sherlock’s gently, “You were pretty damn amazing today” he commented, “That Russian sure had a flare for the dramatic didn’t he? Too bad you were on the case, no one else would have noticed” He watched as Sherlock looked at their hands and back to john with a small smile, a grateful smile if anything. John knew he would feel bad for running, but he wasn’t about to let that happen. “How about we stick on some crap telly tonight? I think we could do with the break.”
“I’m fine, wait til you see the other guy” he said with a small laugh before getting more serious, “You should go check on Sherlock, I couldn’t get to him quick enough, he got...drugged”  he mumbled, eyes low.
“I suppose… would that be an issue?” he asked, looking to John warily. From previous research he found that a lot of men actually quite liked being with a dominant male, John however didn’t exactly seem submissive.
When he was pulled into a hug of sorts, John was surprised to say the least but he wasn’t complaining. Something about the position made him feel comfortable and safe, as though the world faded away just a little. At first he felt like perhaps he should pull away and say he was fine, that was how he usually functioned when it came to his nightmares but…. He didn’t want to do that, instead he cuddled closer, wrapping his arms around the other man to close the gap but that’s when Sherlock went still. At first John wondered why but then he felt something. Something raised on Sherlock’s back that didn’t feel right. Gently, he ran his fingers along it and came across another… and another. John knew that texture anywhere and he felt ready to kill whoever had done this damage, but he knew right now that Sherlock didn’t need aggression or sympathy. He needed normality and John could give him that. Perhaps a conversation would have been good at this point but it could wait, John simply nuzzled a little into Sherlock’s chest, let out a hum and closed his eyes, “Night Sherlock”
“Six members of a known drug ring that operate on the south side of the capital were all found dressed in red, laid out in a literal ring with a bullet wound in each of their temples. Very little blood was found by the bodies though, maybe enough for one or two people, not for six... “ he trailed off. “Anyway, they are investigating the scene now, it was only discovered an hour ago, it’s in an underground parking lot near Kennington if you want to take a look?” he probed, closing his laptop and sitting back.
“Sherlock! Get your arse in gear and go get him!” the DI implored, his voice gaining volume as the frustration rose in his chest. “Or do I have to do it myself?”
“I just want to be more observant. More reliable. More… well, not this” he said, gesturing to himself. “I can’t protect the person that matters most im my life until he is already in deep trouble. He’s had a gun to his skull and he has been drugged and nearly kidnapped in a matter of days... “ he trailed off.
In any regular home, most people would wake up to the beeping of their alarm clock; the hum of traffic on London roads as the city comes to wake; even the voice of a loved one for those who are so lucky. For John Watson, waking up never quite worked that way even on a good day. To sleep in 221b was a challenge all its own but if that wasn’t bad enough, the variety of ways that a person can be woken is rather remarkable in its own right. From his mad flatmate running in to shout about a case to explosions to being kidnapped, the list was endless. John honestly thought that by now he had been woken by just about everything, but he was wrong. What he had not expected on such an average night, was to be woken by the sound of Sherlock knocking quietly on his door at 4am. At first, John’s sleep addled brain was unable to distinguish what the noise was, it wasn’t exactly common protocol for anyone to knock at 221b by this point. Blinking away the sleep, John hoisted himself up a bit and rested on his elbows, pulling the quilt up to cover his bare chest. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t care, but he liked to think that he had some decency. “Come in” he called after a moment, realizing Sherlock was just standing there on the other side of the door which was… odd. Despite it being dark, John could see the door swing open slowly and the detective moved into the room with a strange shuffle. “You alright?” he asked, immediately concerned by his flatmate’s strange behaviour. Anyone who knew Sherlock Holmes knew something was wrong when the detective was mobile and quiet at the same time, normally John found himself silently wishing he would shut up half the time.This was not the case now. Right now he wished more than anything that Sherlock would just say something. Anything. Silently however, Sherlock shuffled forward and then John saw it. Behind him, in the dark, was a masked man dressed all in black with a gun pressed clearly to the base of Sherlock’s skull. Fear spiked through John’s veins in an instant as he watched the pair move into his bedroom and stand in the glow of the streetlamps. As they got closer, John could clearly see that his friend’s wrists were bound tight and it made him feel sick to his stomach. They had both been kidnapped due to Sherlock’s work many a time in the past, but this was different. This was in their home. On instinct, John went to get to his feet but the gunman spoke in a low tone, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you… not unless you want his pretty brains painting the walls.” John went still instantly and felt his heart stop in his chest if only for that brief moment. He was sat on the edge of the bed in his pyjama bottoms while facing what seemed to be a real life nightmare but unlike his usual terrors, he couldn’t wake up. “What do you want?” John asked after a brief moment, attempting to suppress the slight quiver to his tone and have his face remain as emotionless as possible.
Turpin blinked rather stupidly and cleared his throat. “You were right to consult me as you did, sir. I am delighted that, in this instance, your fears have proved unfounded. The virtue of your charming wife is beyond question. Should you ever again have cause for suspicion, you may rely upon me to throw light on the affair.”
Here, everything was heightened: his warmth, his scent, his pulse beneath my lips, as the most intimate part of him strained towards my touch. His fingers flexed against my scalp as I pressed hot kisses to his shaft before taking the head into my mouth. He shuddered as I swirled my tongue in a half-forgotten motion, his incoherent imprecations deteriorating into a moan. My saliva pooled at the bitter, salty taste of him; with the slick I stroked and massaged the flesh that my mouth did not cover. After only a few minutes he was thrusting helplessly against me. I placed a steadying hand on his hip, and an instant later he cried out and spent himself into my mouth.
.” He underlines his words by shifting forwards until their foreheads are touching, and slinging his arm around John’s waist, pulling him closer still. “I don’t even believe in marriage, in general, but with you it’s the next logical step.”
“You have been married for some five years,” he said to our client, his sharp eyes skimming her wedding ring.
“I never thought you wanted…” John begins, but he can’t quite say it out loud. The concept of Sherlock, sexually attracted to him… Sherlock, in a relationship with him… is too improbable. He can’t shake the feeling that is all a colossal misunderstanding. “We’d have to start slowly,” he finds himself saying instead, the ‘we’ safely indeterminate. “Step by step, only going further if we’re both comfortable with what we’re doing.”
Absolutely nothing happened at the club that night. I sat and watched Sherlock dance with Victor, had a mid-life crisis, then went home. And the next morning, I separated from Mary. We’re getting a divorce.
But it turned out that he had someone else in mind. As he informed me in his usual delicate way: “I can’t go with you, John. Nobody would believe for a second that we’re together.”
I lay still for a long moment, as stunned as though I had climaxed myself, and awash with a fierce, protective tenderness. He was silent, one arm flung across his face. Not wishing to crowd him, I stretched out at his side and placed a shaking hand against his sternum. He opened his eyes slowly, blinking dazedly, but as his gaze focused he regarded me with an intensity that laid my heart bare.
Holmes had likewise turned towards me, and the warmth of his expression stole my breath. “My very dear friend has, as ever, found just the right words for the occasion,” he said, his eyes lingering on mine before he returned his attention to our client. “I confirm that my discovery of your inclinations was truly of no consequence to me, except insofar as it answered a question that I had posed myself, and furthered my interest in your case.
And he in no way appreciates poetry (“call that poetry, John?”) so I’ll stop. He’ll say I should finish writing up the case, so in case any of you actually wonder or care: we did catch the blackmailer. Apparently it was one of the doormen. While he pretended to search the patrons on their way in, he was actually attaching ingenious little hidden cameras to their clothes, which he used to take photos while they were inside. Sherlock found one of those cameras on my shirt that morning.
“I am neither as fit for, nor as desirous of female company as I used to be. It has been years since I have flirted. It would be an exercise in futility now.”
My breath caught in my throat. Two of my patients that afternoon had acted precisely as he had described, and as he spoke he was undoing their handiwork: running one long finger across my watch to erase the smudge, then loosening my cravat, his hands deft and gentle against my chest. He was standing so close to me that his breath warmed my cheek. For one perilous moment, I was tempted to lean closer, or to grasp his hands and demand that he stop; I hardly knew whether to respond as Agatha or as myself.
I swallowed hard against the ache of emotion. Overt praise from Holmes was rare; in such a moment it could not fail to affect me.
Changing tactics, I drew his lower lip between mine and caressed it generously with my tongue, until his breathing shuddered and he slackened his grip. I then nudged him backwards until his shoulders hit the wall and pressed my open mouth to his. He groaned, sinking down to grant me better access. It was several glorious seconds before he had the wherewithal to reciprocate, but once he did, he copied my movements with growing skill, until I was not pinning him in place so much as leaning against him, weak-kneed with desire.
“Insights into the feminine psyche, as well as an overview of courtship rituals and hints as to acceptable language and behaviour. Despite appearances, romantic novels are more forthcoming on these subjects than the
He turned towards me, startled, his gaze flickering from my flushed face to my clenched fingers. “You are quite emotional, Watson. The romantic in you seeks yet again to cast me as a hero. But you must be aware that our client and her lover have little chance of a truly happy ending.”
“It was not the most compelling of our adventures,” I agreed, flushing despite myself at his choice of words. He was regarding me with that razor-sharp attention that he generally directed towards the muddy footprints around a corpse. I reminded myself how abruptly his interest would dissipate if he divined my thoughts; I had so often heard him speak of emotion as an irksome flaw in the human psyche.
Blink. Blink. Blink. Sherlock brought himself back from his mind palace and was surprised to see John still standing there, watching him with an expression he had never seen before. Usually John watched him with awe, indifference, anger or even on a more regular basis he would get shy when caught watching but this time it was different. John stood straight and firm, despite the slight tremor in his hand. He had a smile on his face but it was small and a little wary, like he was trying to hold a brave expression despite the fact that underneath he was clearly panicking just a little. It was only natural really, if there was one thing John had taught him over the years, it was that high emotions and revelations can make a person feel incredibly vulnerable. And here was John, standing before him, vulnerable. It was honestly a new experience, the doctor was usually so strong in his character, however it was seeing him like this that seemed to round him out just a little. Over the past few days John had shown so many things; bravery, loyalty, defensiveness, selflessness, care, kindness, observancy, anger, sadness, love… Now there was determination, tinted with fear of rejection and in a way it tugged at something inside of Sherlock’s chest. He took a step closer to John so that they were mere inches apart and looked into those dark blue eyes as he asked simply, “How could you love a man like me?”
“You are worth more than any possession I could ever own Sherlock…” John said simply. Seeing his friend in this state was painful and it felt like his heart was being tugged. Normally, Sherlock wasn’t one for any physical affection but for once, John decided he would give it regardless. Shuffling over, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s torso and pulled him close to his chest, “I’ll always look out for you Sherlock, just like you have done for me.” he said softly. It was clear by now that the man had long since fled and it was time for them to collect themselves. “I’m going to go lock the door and call Lestrade, you should have a lie down for now, take my bed alright?” he prompted, easing them both to their feet and helping Sherlock to sit on the edge of the mattress. It was strange, Sherlock usually hated being mollycoddled but he accepted it at this moment. John left the room, checking the whole flat before securely locking the door. He made a call to Lestrade and one to Mycroft who assured him the thief would be caught. He knew with those two on the case there was a high chance of success but he offered his help anyway before returning to check on his shaken friend. Upon getting back to the room, John felt his heart sink at the sight of Sherlock sitting exactly where he was left, unmoving. Looking back on the situation, John realized how entirely different that must have been for his friend, normally Sherlock always has the upper hand or some means to escape situations like that without too much of a fuss, this time around he was helpless. Moving over to the bed, John sat beside him, “Sherlock, come on… lay down” he urged gently.
When Sherlock sat on the floor looking like a puppy ready to be scolded, John sighed, “C’mon Sherlock, ‘m tired… get those clothes of and get into bed” he murmured, lifting the blankets and gesturing for Sherlock to get in.
Lost in thought, Sherlock was panicked when he felt a hand on his shoulder and he went rigid. Looking over, he saw it was John but that didn’t really help, “I’m fine… Just… let’s go to sleep” he said, closing his own eyes and simply laying there. He knew it was irrational but he wanted nothing more right now than to hide himself away and never surface again.
Blink. John was inviting him to sleep beside him, no remnants of the earlier anger of hurt on his face, probably due to the time frame that had passed as well as the lingering effects of the alcohol. Blink. John was in nothing but his boxers, yet he seemed either unashamed or unaware of the fact. Blink. Now Sherlock was stripping down without a word until he was in his boxers, climbing into the bed and making sure to face John. He could have probably found a shirt but he knew he was a sound sleeper and wouldn’t toss, it should be fine.
“Better?” he asked with a smug smirk. Seeing Sherlock like this was a whole new sight for John, the detective was laying beneath him with a stunned look slapped across his face. His cheeks were pink, his eyes were blown wide and his lips were slightly parted, like he had forgotten how to close them. Smiling just a little less smuggly, John climbed off of him and plopped himself down in his own armchair. Surprisingly, Sherlock followed, John went to ask him what he was doing but before he could do so, Sherlock straddled his lap and crashed their lips together again. It was a shock to say the least but John didn’t hesitate this time, oh no. Instead, he wrapped one arm around the detective’s ever so skinny waist to hold him steady and reached up with the other, catching hold of the back of Sherlock’s head and revelling in the soft gasp that fell from his lips. Taking the opportunity, John couldn’t help but nip at that plump bottom lip and the sound Sherlock made was something John never imagined he would hear. A moan. A soft and breathy moan, one that was far quieter than he had ever dared to imagine. He had always pictured Sherlock’s moans to be deep, enriched by his usual baritone but this… this was soft, delicate even, nothing like he pictured but John was by no means disappointed by what he heard. “Jesus Sherlock….” he whispered before claiming those soft cupid bow lips for the second time.
Sherlock hadn’t expected John to tip over the edge so quickly but at the end of the day he knew the other man had been holding pent up sexual frustration for some time so it was understandable. “You’re welcome” He said with a smile, looking over John’s features and cataloguing every new detail there. His cheeks were tinted pink, his were eyes dilated wide, his lips curled up in a blissful smile of his own. It was something quite extraordinary to be honest. In the past, when people had finished they rarely showed any sign of outward pleasure. A grunt, a groan and a smirk was the usual standard of what the detective had seen in his youth. This blatant joy and emotion was something so new but there was one thing he knew, he actually liked it. “Should we go to the cafe for breakfast? I’m… well I’m hungry” he admitted, realizing that was a  statement he hadn’t expected to come from him.
Tilting his head, he tried to catch John’s gaze but the other man was being stubborn. Backing up, he shrugged, “You aren’t a superhero John, but you do a hell of a good job of it. He’s alive, remember that.” he said before heading into the flat.
How could a touch change someone’s heartbeat and breathing rate so drastically? A topic to think over and research later. Sherlock’s mind came back online when John moved away and strangely enough, he found himself missing the warmth and contact almost immediately. Curious. “Breakfast sounds good. I’ll be down in a few moments, I feel a shower may be in order” he said, heading to his en-suite quickly and closing the door behind him.
As Sherlock spoke, John found himself snapping back to reality, he had gotten lost in thought as he wondered what sort of experiences the great detective had. “Oh… right um... “ John pulled himself together quickly, but this felt odd. Usually when he kissed people there was a mood… an atmosphere… something. He had never been in a situation during which he was just commanded like this. Reaching up, he lightly cupped Sherlock’s thin cheek, avoiding the new bruising that was forming and leant in close. He tried to calm himself a little but for some reason he felt like his every move was being scrutinized and it made it rather difficult to enjoy the moment. He hesitated and that was when he felt Sherlock’s frustrated sigh before the other man shifted away, a grumpy expression on his face. John was left a little stunned and he tilted his head curiously.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks all of a sudden, looking at John seriously, “You have to tell me whatever you were going to say before that call when we get home, alright?”
“I don’t think I would disagree to that” Sherlock said with a bit of a blush, “Unless there is a case at which point you understan-...” he was cut off by John’s lips against his own.
Patients came and went through the day, most of their cases were remarkably simple and he was sure that some of the more elderly people simply came in for someone to talk to but he couldn’t blame them. The elderly tended to seem forgotten after a certain point and many of them lived alone with no friends nor family to speak of. It wasn’t until the end of his shift that the mundane world of his world crashed away. Upon piecing himself together and restarting his phone, John felt his stomach drop as he saw a multitude of texts pop up:
Due to such a great response from the first chapter I was very enthusiastic to get out the second installment. There will be progression as things move forward but I'm aiming for a bit of a slow burn so I hope you enjoy the ride.
John shook his head and got comfortable, “Ah it’s alright” he said, smiling over at Sherlock before realizing how suddenly solem and… afraid the detective suddenly seemed. “Sherlock? What’s wrong?” he asked, immediately filled with concern. The other night Sherlock had been curled to his side like a cat whereas right now, he was lying flat and still on his back. It was slightly eerie and if John couldn’t see his breathing, he would have assumed a wizard had petrified him in that position or something. He got no response and shifted over, putting a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and taking note of how smooth and cool the skin there was, “Sherlock?” he tried, shaking the other’s shoulder just a bit and frowning when the other tensed up, “What’s going on? It’s just me…”
Frowning, John felt anger rise up inside of his chest at the thought of people using his partner in such a way. Those people had made him believe that sex was nothing but an act for orgasm, which made him wonder if Sherlock had ever even so much as shared an actual bonding sexual experience with anyone. Considering the way he spoke about it and what he had just told him, John doubted it very much. “Perhaps you could let me show you?” he offered after a moment of calming himself. Those assholes that used Sherlock in the past were no longer around and John would be damned if he allowed their very existence to ruin anything between himself and Sherlock now.
John let out a breathy laugh and looked out to see police filing past with their guns in position before he looked back to Sherlock who for some reason hadn’t taken his eyes off of him, “Is something wrong?” he asked, only to be stunned a moment later as Sherlock reached a hand up and cupped his cheek, running  his thumb over the bone there.
“I won’t. I have to warn you I may be uncomfortable with a lot… I’ve never had any emotional connection even vaguely similar to this let alone a relationship of any kind that was real. I can fake it for a case but that’s different” he mumbled, shuddering at the false relationship he had with Janine.
Smiling softly, John put his own hand over Sherlock’s and nodded, “Sounds good” he said before getting up and heading to the kitchen. He couldn’t wait to find out where things would go from here but he was confident that they could make this work somehow. It was them after all
After a while, John backed off, his heart hammering in his chest by this point. He could have leaned in at that moment, closed the distance, God knows he wanted to but at the end of the day what if he did? What if Sherlock didn’t feel that way? There had to be a better and safer way for him to show his affections to the detective without potentially destroying their friendship in the process. How can you tell someone you love them without ruining everything? He knew that he couldn’t just blurt it out, it wouldn’t work. Sherlock would hardly believe him and even if he did, what if he responded badly? John knew his views on love and relationships, they weren’t exactly fantastic. Sighing, he let go of Sherlock and sat himself up, looking down and realizing suddenly that they were both very much not dressed. He peeked under the covers and found, to his relief, that he was in fact wearing underwear. The relief didn’t last long, upon looking down, John saw his stomach sitting a little too roundly for his liking. After the incident with Mary, John had put on a few pounds and it showed. Shame at his physical condition came over him and he quickly put the covers back in place. He went to look away from Sherlock and it was then that his eyes caught sight of the scar on his own shoulder and he winced, pulling the covers up to shield it from both his and the detective’s view. He looked quickly around the room for a shirt and saw one on the floor. Reaching for it, he grabbed the fabric and swiftly pulled it over himself, the baggy design was one he was very grateful for at this time. “I uh… breakfast?” he offered, looking back to Sherlock with a smile. The smile faded though when he realized Sherlock was now sitting up himself and watching him with confusion, his grey eyes looking directly at where John’s scar was now hidden. “Sherlock?” he dared to try and get the man’s attention, his voice cracking slightly.
“Alright, come on then” John said, shifting to the other side of the bed and sliding under the covers. He watched as Sherlock thought for a moment before copying, curling up and shifting closer to John. At first, he didn’t know whether Sherlock was just getting comfortable but after a few moves, John shifted over and wrapped his arms around the detective, moving so the brunette’s head was rested on his chest, “It’s alright” he breathed, running his fingers lightly through the other’s curls. For a moment, Sherlock seemed to freeze up, but then he relaxed in to the touch and soon enough wrapped his arms around John’s waist and started to doze off. Looking down at the detective, John found himself smiling softly, Sherlock really was beautiful when he slept. He was quiet, still and peaceful, looking as petite as a porcelain doll. It was then that John realized he hadn’t bothered to put a shirt on, for a second he was embarrassed but then he closed his eyes, it hardly mattered now. What mattered was that Sherlock was safe in his arms.
When they had his the floor, at first Sherlock had no idea as to what had quite happened. One minute had had been running, the next he was on the floor with his blogger laying on top of him. He was pretty sure that his back and ribs had taken a bit of a bruising but other than that he felt alright. That was until John exploded in his face, but it wasn’t anger … Looking intently over the blonde, Sherlock noticed his face was slightly contorted, pained even. “I… I didn’t see it… I’m sorry John. Are you… alright?” he asked, unsure as to what else to do at this point. John was clearly upset, his body was trembling and his eyes were fixed on Sherlock as though he may disappear at any moment, it made Sherlock feel rather small.
After John realized what he had said, he sat back on the bed.  Normally he would have been mortified if he had done something like that, especially to Sherlock. He had hidden his love and affection for the detective for many years now, the risk of it being exposed should be terrifying, but it wasn’t. Right now, he knew what to do… he needed to stop hiding and running away. He needed to be an adult about this. He needed to tell Sherlock. He heard the other speak and turned to face him with a small smile, “Sher-...” if the universe could hate John anymore it would be astounding, he was cut off by the sound of Sherlock’s phone ringing. As usual Sherlock snapped it up and began immediately running over a few case details with Lestrade. John felt his heart sink and soon enough, he watched Sherlock jump out of bed and grab his clothes.
John frowned and shrugged.  “It’s good hair.”  One day he would really like to run his fingers through it.  Bury his face in it and smell it.
“Well bugger me,” swore Lestrade, hand on his hips as he stood in front of Sherlock’s roses, which were now a cornucopia of colour and scent.  He took off his cap, wiped his forehead, put his cap back on, and crossed his arms.
“Um,” said John, swallowing again.  “OK.  That’s...”  The blood that had flushed his face was now travelling south at an alarming rate.  “I, uh.  Well.”  He seemed to have lost all capacity for rational speech.  Jesus.
“Shhh.”  John stilled his body and simply lay on Sherlock for a long while, their arousal still hot and heavy between them, but calmed somewhat, as Sherlock searched for his bearings in an unfamiliar landscape.  He had seemed so confident a few hours ago, but now, lost in emotion, he needed time.
number of romantic dalliances in your university years.  Read medicine at Barts, graduating with first class honours.  Passed your commissioning course at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst with flying colours.  Two tours of duty in Afghanistan.  Recently dismissed from military service due to extensive injuries on the battlefield.”  He stopped and looked up.  “Thank you for your service.”
It took every ounce of control for John not to come right then and there.  Goddamn Sherlock and his voice.  Go slowly.  Right then.  He forced himself to open his eyes, took a deep breath, and pulled back.
“So,” he continued in that deadly baritone of his, “if your sexual repertoire is limited to spectacular fellatio and penetrative sex that gave me cramp in my feet and rendered me incapable of composing complete sentences, I think the future of our sex life is more than acceptable.”  He scrunched his eyebrows together.  “And, at one point in time, John Watson, I do believe your tongue was in my arse.  Is that ‘vanilla’?”  Sherlock moved his hips against John’s side, erection already hot and leaking.  He leaned in further, lips on the shell of John’s ear where he whispered, “I think you should know that I
After three hours, they’d exhausted the stores of things she no longer needed, and four large boxes were moved to the hallway, taped and ready for dropping off at the nearest Oxfam shop, along with the one that held the assortment of strange miscellany that Mrs. Hudson said John could take.  He was helping himself to some shortbread from the tin she kept in the kitchen when she came in with a scruffy brown suitcase.
care - he was just shit at casual relationships and extremely selective in his emotional ones. John knew now that he had been chosen to receive this secret, cloistered, and emotionally intense and rather vulnerable side of Sherlock, and it was the biggest gift, the biggest miracle he could have ever asked for.  Precious.  Priceless.  And anything but predictable.
John dragged a hand over his chest and belly.  He’d got himself good that time.  Usually Sherlock was a better catch (Sherlock enjoyed the smell of John’s semen and sometimes refused to wash his hands afterward just so he could steeple his fingers under his nose and inhale later). It must be drying already - sure was itchy.  His eyes still closed in post-coital lethargy, John absently rubbed his fingers together.
John relaxed and moved his fingers, flicking, teasing, gently probing, until his hips arched off the bed and his balls began to ache.  “Now,” he whispered, and pushed two fingers in.
The duvet being pulled down, a dip in the bed.  John was drifting somewhere between wakefulness and sleep when he felt Sherlock crawl in beside him.
Navya was currently sitting - collapsing, really - in an antique upholstered chair that once lived in the library, and trying to come to terms with what had turned out to be an insane weekend.  She’d found herself in the middle of a mystery that concluded with a promotion she knew she could handle but was in no way anticipating.  She sipped the tea she’d made for herself and was mustering up the energy to go home when Joyce and Samantha -- two of the housekeepers -- burst through the doors with a rolling basket full of bed linen and a welter of complaints.
On one exceptionally cold day in December, Sherlock had pulled from the depths of his wardrobe a fur collar and cuffs and fastened them to his greatcoat before they headed of to the suburbs of north London on a case.  They were both half-frozen by the time they finished questioning the greenkeeper of Copper Beeches Golf Club regarding a suspicious death on the 8th tee, and when their minicab finally turned up, Sherlock hunkered down in his seat and pulled the collar up over his mouth and nose.
“The tuba is a magnificent instrument.  It is the backbone of any orchestra and holds rhythm for brass ensembles.”
“If someone really wanted him dead, don’t you think they would have gone to better lengths to assure he, um, actually passed away?  Tumbling from a ladder doesn’t necessarily indicate cold-blooded murder.”
“Over here is the leisure lagoon,” she continued, gesturing towards the back of the room.  This pool was much more private than the first one they’d seen; no natural light reached here.  It was lit mainly with hanging lanterns and shrouded in steam coming from opaque, turquoise water.  A young couple had situated themselves in a corner, smiling coyly at one another.  “This one’s  pleasantly warm but not scorching; we add minerals to help relax the muscles and purify it with salt instead of chlorine.  Not for swimming, obviously,” she added, smiling, before continuing on.  John lingered - he wouldn’t mind plopping in now and staying there the rest of the night.
He was on his way out, just taking one last long look the room when he noticed something out of the ordinary.
“It’s not plausible,” said Sherlock finally, sitting back in his chair.  “But your father is the only suspect we have so far.  Do you know where he might have been in 1989?  We were 13.”
“It is my job to know things,” said Mycroft with a shrug.  “Anyway, I’d like you to sign a tenancy agreement.  I will require you for at least the rest of February, April, May, and June.  Perhaps the entire summer, if needed.”
The wound in his shoulder got infected and he endured another round of surgery.  What was left of his shoulder was a mangled mess.  They might as well have taken the entire arm, he thought bitterly as the pain throbbed constantly.
Lillian laughed, and John couldn’t help but smile.  “That’s flattering.”  She held out her hand.  “Lillian Gleason,” she said, firmly shaking John’s hand and then extending hers to Sherlock.  Miraculously, Sherlock took it.  “I didn’t know Mr. Holmes had a brother,” she said to him, grey eyes twinkling.
Exhausted and angry with himself, Sherlock crawls into bed.  Everything aches, especially his chest, which is odd, since it’s the only place on his body except his face that isn’t still bruised.  Where on earth is the damn mouthpiece?
John arranged himself and his breakfast at what must be Sherlock’s desk and began to eat.  He kept his eyes on his food but could feel Sherlock’s gaze settle upon him.  Good.  John was done with his eggs and on his second sausage when Sherlock finally spoke again.
So far, Sherlock hadn’t protested, so John increased the pressure on the next pass, which caused the detective to groan loudly.  “It’s fine,” he said when John stopped.  “You can do it harder.  If you want.”
“Watch your step,” he said as loudly as he dared after Sherlock before making his way over there himself.  He took the stairs carefully, and eventually found Sherlock sitting along a walkway that connected the north and east towers.  John had never been particularly fond of heights, but he sat next to Sherlock nonetheless and prayed the thing was sturdy.
Sherlock stopped wrestling with his rosebush and sucked at his finger.  His eyes widened when he saw Mycroft, who sauntered into the garden, looking this way and that.
Shortly after, John had to work four days in a row, so Sherlock went to London to look at houses.  He’d put in an offer on a terraced house on Baker Street.
He leant his bicycle against the uneven stonework of the cottage and knocked on the bright green door.
Violin in hand, John made his way to the east wing.  Yes, Sherlock’s behaviour was childish and completely inappropriate.  But for some reason, John couldn’t seem to fault him for it.  He rapped on Sherlock’s door.  “It’s me,  John.  Mrs. Hudson said you wanted to talk to me?”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake.  Look.  See that bright one there?  That’s Venus.  And that’s Jupiter, over there.  You can see the great red spot with a telescope.  Mars is usually bright but not this time of year.  And that one?  That’s Polaris.  It’s called the North Star and it’s used for navigation because…”
“No, he didn’t do that anymore once I was born, though I’m sure Sally’s older sisters must have had that experience.  He was too busy with me, I suppose.  He was an exceptionally doting father.”
I prefer sleeping in the nude.  I wish John would.  He said something once about if he ever had to shoot an intruder in the middle of the night, he didn’t want to do it with his genitals exposed.  He actually said, “with my meat and two veg flapping about,” but that’s John for you.  Colourful language on that one.  I’ve learned to swear quite fluently, although I don’t ever think I’ll reach his level of stringing together creative invectives.  I can express filthy thoughts in bed as well as articulate the pain of stubbing my toe.  “Bloody buggering fuck” really does have a nice ring to it.  However, I could recite the alphabet and make John hard.  (He’s got a thing for my voice.)
“What do we do now?” he asked, looking out over the wide, green expanse of front lawn.  “Call Mycroft?  Get Owens’ files?”
Sherlock cocked his head and raised an eyebrow.  John thought of the robin.  “I don’t have a brother,” he said, feeling rather smug himself.  “Harry is short for Harriet.  Harry is my
Posture change. Soldier. Defensive. Not good. Taking the tray, Sherlock set it on his lap and began to eat without a second thought. No, he wasn’t hungry, but he would be damned if he was going to outright ruin this because of his big mouth. Oddly enough, he wanted whatever was growing between them to flourish properly., that couldn’t happen if he began by putting everything down instantly. “Thank you, John” he said after finishing a mouthful of egg. It was nice granted, who could deny a good fry up in the morning? It certainly beat having cereal or just toast because he was in a rush.
After the events of the morning, the pair realize there is a change in their relationship but can't quite see what it is. John is the calm one here, Sherlock... not so much. Then again it isn't every day you wake up beside the man you are unwittingly falling for is it?
Sensing the desperation, Sherlock put an arm around John carefully and pulled him in to his chest just as John had the night before, “Relax” he said in the most soothing tone he could manage, using his free hand to run gentle trails up and down John’s back, “Go back to sleep John”.
That stopped John in his tracks, for a moment he had to pause and let his mind catch up with what was going on. Was Sherlock suggesting…? No, no he couldn't be, he clearly wasn’t ready for anything quite that sexual and that was fine but… what was he doing otherwise? Curious, John pulled his pants up off the floor and cracked the door open only to be immediately pushed back. The next thing he knew, Sherlock was in the room and had shut the door behind him. “Sherlock, what the hell?” he asked, stunned by the other’s actions.
“Oh really… Well you seem to like someone else being in control…” John hummed, teasingly running a hand up into Sherlock’s curls and tugging lightly, revelling in the way the detective’s head lolled back into the touch.
Smiling a little, John took Sherlock’s hand and led him to the bed. “Lay down for me love” he instructed gently as he went to the other side and knelt on the mattress.
John felt the breath he had been near enough holding in pour out and he made his way downstairs. That tension… it was strange. Normally Sherlock never seemed to respond to physical touch but for some reason this time, it looked like he had been shocked. Shaking away the thought, John set to work preparing breakfast, sighing when he saw the severed body parts sitting on top of the bacon pack again. Gathering a few bits and pieces, John pulled together a decent fry up and the customary cuppa before calling out to Sherlock. He waited as always, sitting by his plate so that they could eat together. It was one of the few things he insisted on as if Sherlock was left to his own devices he hardly ate a thing.
“Not at all.” John assured him, “”I was wondering, it’s getting late and I fancy getting some sleep tonight, would you like to sleep in my room?” He offered, it was a shot in the dark but this evening had been rather wonderful and he didn’t really like the idea of losing the contact with his lover.
Kissing. John was kissing him? John ‘I’m not gay’ Watson. John ‘I’m not his date’ Watson. Why was he doing that? It made absolutely no sense! Sherlock didn’t even have the time to respond before John spoke and then he felt like a belt had tightened around his heart. There was that word again. Love. The next thing he knew he was still laying on the pavement with John holding out a hand for him to hold. It was as though his reality had broken around him and he was suspended in time and space, but he knew he would inevitably have to move. After a moment of deliberation, Sherlock took John’s hand and stood, “You love me?” he asked, his mind not all there as he tried to analyse John’s expression and posture, searching for a lie. He found none. The revelation left Sherlock feeling like he had been, well, hit by a bus!
As they sat, John tried his best to act like he wasn’t internally face palming for his own idiocy but he knew Sherlock could see right through it, ‘At least he hasn’t mentioned it… dammit John stop being so stupid!’ he thought bitterly. Looking over at Sherlock, he shrugged, “The usual probably, I know if I order more I won’t actually finish it” he admitted. Seeing the flicker of the candlelight reflected in Sherlock’s eyes made John want to look into them forever but that would be an odd thing to try and explain. Clearing his throat, he waved down Angelo and they simultaneously said “The usual” with John being the one to add the “Please” at the end of it as always.They chatted idly for a while until their food came wherein they ate without a word. Eventually they strolled out of Angelo’s, full and content, “That man really knows how to cook” John mumbled, rubbing his stomach a little.
Things are going to get a little more emotional soon, chapters will get longer once we get past these baby steps at the beginning.
By the time the light streamed through the windows, John was already awake. He had woken up to the realization that he was not alone and to his surprise, Sherlock was the one beside him. At first he had assumed it was some form of hangover hallucination. Maybe he was still drunk? No, no. Unfortunately he was completely and utterly sober which most people wouldn’t complain about but in this situation it was a little different. He thought back on the events of the night before and guilt wracked through him like nobody’s business. ‘How could I have been so selfish…? I’m sorry Sherlock…’ he thought bitterly, cuddling closer to the detective and running a hand down his back. There he felt the slight bumps and lines that he had noticed before. Yet again he was curious and had the opportunity to look should he want… but no. He would wait, he would always wait for Sherlock’s guidance and permission, that’s just how it worked. Unless of course the stubborn detective was being stupid at which point John was 100% happy to take the reigns and control the situation to the best of his abilities. Not long after he had moved, Sherlock began to stir and groan in his arms as he twisted his head and nuzzled into John’s chest, hiding from the morning sunlight. Chuckling, John moved a hand up to cradle the back of Sherlock’s head, “Morning… take it you haven’t had enough sleep yet?” he asked, his voice a little deep having only just awoken from his own slumber.
“I know Sherlock. Trust me I do. Now come on. There’s a fry up with our names on it!” John chirped. The man of his dreams, a good morning blowjob and fry up… what more  could he ask for?
When John disappeared off to get himself ready for bed, Sherlock found himself going to his own room and simply standing there for a moment. He couldn’t understand why what the other had just said had startled him in a way. It seemed… nice, the idea of physical contact. He had to admit even if it was only to himself that he had rather enjoyed the way they had woken up this morning. Regret came to him then as he remembered fleeing John’s bed in a hurry after blurting out that embarrassing comment. It doesn’t matter how much of a genius that you are, it is always possible to slip up especially when you have just woken from the best sleep you can remember. Shaking it off, Sherlock got himself changed into his pyjama bottoms and slid under the covers. He had retired his duvet to the cupboard for the warmer weather and was more than content under the silk sheet, humming slightly at the coolness of the fabric against his bare chest. Soon enough, he could hear John moving around and he took a calming breath, bracing himself slightly for the company. Was it odd to feel nervous? No no… surely not. After all, he had never shared his own bed with another person. But this was just John at the end of the day. Just John…
When John saw Sherlock, he had to take a moment to compose himself. The detective walked into the kitchen looking like something out of his own private fantasy collection! He admired the sight before him perhaps for a moment longer than strictly necessary before looking back to his food, “You’ll catch a chill like that y’know?” he said attempting to keep a casual tone while also trying his best to not trail his eyes all over Sherlock’s bare torso. It was a challenge to say the least. He dared to look up once Sherlock had joined him at the table, oh what a mistake that was. Seeing Sherlock like this made John want nothing more than to kiss those cupid bow lips and claim what he has always wanted to… but he knew that wouldn’t work. It couldn’t, could it? Swallowing the lump in his throat, he turned his focus back to the eggs on his plate, “Good shower?”
Understanding washed over Greg like a wave and she couldn’t help the small smile that betrayed his knowledge of the situation. He shook his head fondly at the detective, “It’s not for me to tell you Sherlock, either you’ll figure it out or John will explain sometime, ok?”
“Am I to assume that since things are changing you are going to become the worried housewife?” Sherlock said without thinking, there  was a little more harshness lacing his tone than intended. Looking up, he saw the brief wince on John’s face before it was masked by a smile.
The moment John realized what Sherlock was doing, he panicked. The touch of the detective over his scar was a little too much and he felt himself going into overdrive. He had always, always been ashamed of that damn thing. It had been the cause of many relationship issues and the cause of disgust for anyone who saw it. Since the first person he had gotten with upon his return to London to Mary, there had always been the issue of disgust… he saw it on their faces and watched the way they avoided it at all costs. So for Sherlock to go straight for it… he felt like he was going to be sick. As his mind spiralled into oblivion, he was dragged back by the sudden touch on his cheek. A thin yet strong hand guiding him until he refocused and was looking directly at those grey eyes. “I… Sorry, I should g-...” he started to try and leave but he was cut off by the shake of Sherlock’s head. It was quite amazing, the man didn’t even have to speak and yet he could silence John in an instant.
This time, Sherlock was the one who leant against a nearby wall, “The man is long gone at this point John, I can wait.”
‘Oh God, I’ve broken him.’ John though, watching Sherlock as he stood totally still in complete and utter silence, staring off into space. To most people, this sort of behaviour would be disconcerting to say the least, however for John, this was normal Sherlockian behaviour. Whenever the detective went or fell into the depths of his mind palace he could stay like this for hours. When it had first happened, John had gotten so concerned he had almost taken the detective to the A&E however at this point he knew better and simply waited patiently for the taller man to blink himself back to reality and respond. Time went by and John simply waited until he say a small flicker in those blue eyes, he held his breath just a little as the nerves began to creep up inside of his chest but he suppressed them and faced Sherlock head
Still staring at the place where John had stood, Sherlock barely heard the DI speak but he words sunk in, “You really are an arse sometimes, you know that?”
At that, John frowned and moved over, putting a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and ignoring the slight flinch that greeted him. “Hey… of course I am going to concern myself you idiot. You’re my best friend, I care about you and how you feel. C’mon, talk to me?” he asked softly, smiling in a way that he hoped would be reassuring. He knew Sherlock could be rather stubborn, especially when it came to talking  about how he felt but after so long of dealing with this madman, John knew he wanted to talk really, even if he didn't show it.  There was always something swirling around in those big brains... It was jsut a case of working out what exactly was bothering the other so that they could deal with it together.
Turning to John, a little confused by the sudden contact, Sherlock tilted his head and though momentarily on the question. A date? It was a simple enough concept surely, but in his mind it seemed like a complete waste of time. They had been living together, working together, doing near enough everything together for years now. They had been thought he plunders and plights of life including everything from his own faked death, John’s marriage and divorce, Christmas with the families and even simple things such as dealing with being stuck in a cab during rush hour. Why would they possibly need to go on a date? Before he opened his mouth to relay this to John, he noticed something strikingly obvious, John was nervous. It took a moment to compute but then it snapped into place and without a moment's hesitation Sherlock nodded, “That sounds nice” he said with a small smile. Uncharacteristic as it was, Sherlock knew that if he had gone on his usual tirade about how pointless things are, John would have been hurt and that was far from the goal here. He knew that dates were a customary way for people to begin an intimate relationship and there was no  way he could possibly deny John the experience, even if he was uncomfortable with the idea. For once, it was his turn to sacrifice his comfort for John.
Sherlock was grateful for John’s attempt to keep him relaxed and he simply nodded, not trusting his own voice at that particular moment. He felt the adrenaline from the case, the ache in his muscles from the run, the pounding in his chest from the emotional aspect. It was a lot to take in. Carefully, he decided to try something. Normally it would be an act he would consider foolish or pointless, but if he wasn’t willing to do somethings for John, this would never work.  Spreading the fingers on his right hand, Sherlock adjusted the position just enough so that John’s fingers slotted neatly between his own. A simple gesture but one that felt appropriate, granted it was different to say the least, but it wasn’t bad. Actually, it was calming. Immediately he noticed the way in which his mind went quiet and his thoughts diverted from the work and went to John. This was an effect he had felt before, especially at times they had been involved in physical contact in the past.. Looking up, he saw John’s features soften and his lips smiling back at him and something similar to hope fluttered in his chest. This could work.
A headless chicken would be the correct description for how John looked as he dashed frantically around the kitchen. He was almost tripping over his own feet but that didn’t bother him, all he cared about at that moment was making sure the eggs didn’t burn while he grabbed the bacon from the fridge. He had to dig about a bit, Sherlock had clearly put a bag of… something slimy… in the fridge. Funnily enough, John honestly didn’t care to discover its contents, especially while he was cooking. He grabbed onto the smoked meat and dashed back to the pan to salvage the eggs which were certainly looking a little crispy around the edges but it was nothing too bad. The bacon was much easier, he could leave that to crisp while he took the time to make a complimentary cup of tea with just a smidge of honey and soon enough there was a basic fry up on the plate and John couldn’t help the smile that took over his face. He didn’t wait around for long however, knowing how impossibly cold a fry up could become in a matter of minutes. Just as he put everything on the tray, there was a small knock on the front door and in came Mrs.Hudson. Usually John was more than happy to see their darling landlord pop her head in to the flat, however he knew he was on a timer. “Mrs.Hudson, how are you doing?” he asked cheerily, continuing what he was doing.
While he was lost in that small uncomfortable thought bubble, he realized there was a hand on his knee and John simply stared at it for a moment as he blinked away the daze he had apparently been in. Following the hand to the person it was attached to, John realized Sherlock was shaking his knee lightly, “John, come on, we’re here” came that baritone that made him shiver slightly. Nodding, John paid the driver and stepped out of the cab, looking around to catch his bearings before turning to the detective who was watching him with a raised eyebrow, “Are you alright John? You seem to have gone into rather deep thought” he commented.
Finally when the bartender had paid heed to John’s existence, fate seemed to frown on John as he heard the call of his name in an all too familiar baritone. Sighing, he didn’t even bother to face the man who had quickly planted himself at the bar beside him, instead he waited patiently for the bartender and ignored the detective entirely. “Pint of your finest mate” he said with a curt nod to the man behind the bar, the reply he got was a simple nod back but he wasn’t going to complain at all. No no no. He was going to get his pint and he was going to go sit down and enjoy the peaceful evening as he ignored the presence of world’s only consulting detective beside him. As harsh as it seemed, why would he care? After all.. John was hardly important was he? The thought stung but he shrugged it off, tapping his card to the reader and collecting the golden beverage before moving away and perching himself in a nearby booth where he had a decent view of the footie on the flatscreen. To his dismay, the brunette followed him into the booth and continued to talk but John tried his best to drown out every word. All he could think, all he could feel and all he wanted was to say a big ‘Fuck you’ to Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Smiling at the clearly overwhelmed detective, John simply took Sherlock’s hand, upturned his own wrist and rested the detective’s fingertips on it. He then looked up at the man, his expression unguarded, honest and open. All these years he had sat back and never once let the man know how he felt. Enough was enough. There was no way he was going to risk losing him again without at least letting him know that no matter what he does, he is loved. “I don’t expect anything to come of this Sherlock, know that. But I had to tell you. Forgive me”
“Apparently we need to do that every morning then” John chuckled, getting to his feet and holding out his hand.
“John! John for the love of -... oh … you’re awake. Are you alright?” the detective seemed distressed and John realized he was laying there with Sherlock wrapped in his arms. Groaning, John sat them up and winced as the pain shot up his back. Usually when he fell he would always go to the side to reduce injury but this time he had to protect Sherlock and he was gonna pay for it apparently.
A few hours into his shift that day, John had managed to calm himself down. He knew it would be better to deal with the issues they had later but then he got a message: ‘Case. Come home. -SH’ He stared at the screen in utter disbelief, not even thinking about replying. Normally John was not an easy man to irk, but after the built up frustration of late he couldn’t bring himself to respond. Setting his phone aside, he continued reading the patient file in front of him but before long, his phone beeped again, ‘It’s urgent. -SH’ Rolling his eyes, this time John put his phone down, screen flush to the desk to avoid distraction. A few more minutes passed before another message came, then another and another until John simply grabbed his phone and popped the back cover off, relieving the device of it’s battery before shoving the whole lot in his desk drawer. It was odd really, originally John had been so protective of Sherlock, he had hated being away from him and wanted nothing more than to have a cozy and loving relationship with the only man he had ever loved but right now he just couldn’t be that way. He was tired of constantly being brushed aside and used after all of the drama which lead them to be together. Apparently this wasn’t going to just be a sweet love story like the movies for them. Granted he would still give his life for Sherlock, that would never change, but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his job just to rush home and be lectured on the in’s and out’s of a case before watching the brunette bolt away as soon as he got an idea. In all honesty he had never mentioned it but he was walking on thin ice with his job at the moment anyway. Due to his absence on such a regular basis he had been issued a formal warning.
“Yeah I’m fine, just not as young as I once was” John chuckled, trying and failing to calm his breathing and straighten up. “You do your thing, I’ll catch up”
The moment dragged on, Sherlock was held in his own stunned silence, taking in the situation and finding himself incapable of processing it. Everything was wrong. The closeness, the intimacy, the kindness and gentility… it was too much for him. He knew they were close, they were best friends, flatmates, partners… what else could they possibly be? Why did he want to get closer? The word that had been flying recklessly though his mind last night made an appearance but he stifled it quickly. It was wrong… it must be wrong. His eyes scanned across John’s features looking desperately for a hint of something, anything that may indicate his current conclusion was wrong. A lie, feigned kindness, a glimpse that he was still angry, anything would do. Even a clue that he was simply trying to end the negativity of last night before it spiralled out of control, but he found nothing. Nothing but that soft gaze and that small smile Sherlock loved so damn much! It was infuriating at first but that fury melted away when their gazes came to meet. Silence enveloped the room, even the cars outside seemed to suddenly disappear, the birds appeared to have migrated to a different part of the city. The only sound in the world at that moment was that of their matching breathing as the two simply watched each other, neither willing to speak first as the air began to thicken.
I don’t think you would like it if I got up and talked about how wonderful you are, and not just about your clever brain. You liked the attention, you
*          *          *          *          *           *           *          *          *          *          *
I glare back and open my mouth to say something. Nothing but a strangled grunt escapes. I decide to go back to ignoring him.
I feel terrible as soon as I think that. It’s Moriarty’s fault, I know that. But I can’t ignore the part of me that hates the rest of them, for not believing in him like I did. Sherlock certainly wouldn’t have. He expected it, to an extent, how all of them would turn on him. He wasn’t even surprised.
She clucks when she sees me, sets her tray down, and goes over to lay a comforting hand on mine. “Poor dear. Mycroft’s not really one for a kind word. But you think he’d try to make an effort for you, seeing how much you loved Sherlock. You might have got to be brothers-in-law someday, and he should’ve supported that, finally getting Sherlock to settle down.”
It’ll be a miracle if Mycroft can keep the papers away anyway. And you hated that more than anything, media vultures. You would loathe the rubbernecking at your funeral.
Much more effort. She did love Sherlock. I reach over for a sandwich. “Why don’t we watch something? Might be nice to have a bit of a distraction.”
For the first time, I think I see compassion in Mycroft Holmes’ eyes and it’s so much worse than all his sighing and sarcasm and posturing.
when people admired how clever you are, but you wouldn’t like a lot of talk about sentiment. It didn’t really make sense to you.
And I waited and waited. Three days I was glued to my chair, reading the book but the door was never out of my sight. I knew you were going to come back. I knew it was some elaborate, ridiculous, fantastical scheme to one-up Moriarty in his game. You’re so clever, Sherlock. When you walked in, I would pretend to be angry for a few minutes, on principle, for putting me through that. Then I would be relieved and I would get to tell you how amazing you are, how extraordinary to live through jumping off a building.
I don’t have anything to say to that. Sometimes it’s not worth the effort with Mrs. Hudson. She’s a soft touch for love and an ever softer touch for Sherlock. She’s the fussy mother he doesn’t have, trying to get her precious boy to settle down and start a family. By now, she really ought to know better; Sherlock’s not the type for a family.
I’d told everyone to sod off and turned off my mobile. It was already full of messages, from old friends and every leech in the media. I made the mistake of trying to watch the telly that first night, and it was everywhere. I turned it off after that. There was no one around Baker Street, I don’t know how Mycroft managed that. No one to hound me or try and catch me walking to Tesco. But I didn’t call anyone I knew either. I knew no one would understand that you weren’t really gone, you were playing hide-and-seek with a psychopath, acting out another one of his twisted fairytales. I didn’t want them bothering me while I was waiting for you, didn’t want there to be any chance that I wouldn’t be here when you came waltzing back in. By the fourth day, doubt had started to creep in. It made me angry. I felt like Moriarty was winning if I doubted you even for a second.
