“Shit,” Dean cursed to himself, as he started at the door Cas had left through wanting to run after him. “I’m never going to hear the end of this.”
, Gabriel always found a reason to send his little brother in to see the cute, helpless patient, who was always asking for him.
“Samuel!” Their mother scolded, and it was Dean’s turn to smirk as Sam was reprimanded for his teasing.
Castiel went on to prepare himself, slipping disposable gloves onto his hands as he explained what he was here to do.
“What did he ask?” Gabriel prompted when it became obvious that his brother wasn’t going to continue.
“You are not laying a single finger on her!” Dean ordered harshly. “Now calm down or I will send you out of the room so I can finish this conversation alone!”
Nancy’s Place was a nice, small, local café. It was the perfect pick for a late brunch date. It was just down the street, and Nancy made a mean pecan pie!
“What?” Cas snapped harshly, pressing the phone to his ear. He listened to Kevin’s hurried rambles for a minute, pinching the bridge of his nose tighter with each passing word. He could feel the frustration building already. “Can’t it wait, Kevin?!”
“Dean, what’s this?” Sam asked, a knowing smirk to his face as he pointed out the notebook he had given his brother.
Cas jerked at the sudden touch; Dean could hear his heartbeat skyrocket at the abrupt wake-up, and the almost panicked look on his face had Dean feeling really guilty for accidentally waking him. He instantly when he realised it was only Dean.
Castiel had finished college now though and was a fully-fledged elementary teacher, currently teaching his first class of 4
“Widowed,” Cas deadpanned, unable to keep a straight dace when Dean spun round on his chair to give him his full attention.
As Sam started to clean up from dinner, he realised that Cas hadn’t actually answered his question in regards to his gender. He would ask him later. He wasn’t about to interrupt Dean and Cas just to find out!
“Finished my homework,” Dean muttered, letting out a yawn as he raised his head to meet Castiel’s eyes.
Dean was suddenly beaming from ear-to-ear. He placed his hand over Castiel’s when the trainee-nurse went to take off the pulse reader. Castiel looked up at him innocently.
“Uh, thanks,” Dean swallowed, his mouth really dry and his heart racing in his chest. “Sorry for knocking you over… I wasn’t looking where I was going.”
“Yeah,” Sam blushed, tilting his head forward slightly and letting his hair fall into his face to try and hide his pink cheeks. “Thanks for that Cas. I did not need to know that!”
“That smarmy git,” Dean hissed after his brother, turning to Cas as he started to chuckle. “What you laughing about?”
Dean’s eyes went wide at the sight of Jane, the waitress he had ruthlessly flirted with the previous morning. He looked between her, his brother and Sam before opening his mouth and closing it again.
And now he was heating up under the collar, and he had to shift in his seat to try and get comfortable as his trousers were slowly getting tighter. All he needed was to walk into the office late, and with a raging hard-on.
He opened the folder and instantly recognised the picture of the man, paper-clipped to the top of the file. Dean took a moment to close his eyes and take a few deep breaths.
Dean’s hands started fumbling with Cas’ suit, desperate to get it off and to feel skin underneath his hands. He kept gasping
Dean jolted at the sound of his brother’s voice. Sammy was at his side, placing his own box of comics on the floor beside him and crouching down to check that his elder brother wasn’t hurt.
“Dean!” The woman gushed, standing up and brushing her hands gently all over Dean’s face, head and shoulders. “Hi baby, are you okay? You hurt anywhere?”
Dean moaned at the promise, and threw his head back, giving Cas access to the bare skin there. Cas quickly got to work, peppering kisses to every available inch of skin he could find.
It was an iPhone, the latest model. Sam had spent an hour the night before listening to Dean experimenting with Siri, and he knew what was coming. He heard the very familiar '
“Good morning, beautiful girl,” Dean smiled wide and huge, scooping Claire up, making her squeal in delight. He took her over to the changing table and quickly changed her diaper. He sighed happily, smiling down at her as she cooed, chanting ‘Daddy at him over and over again.
“Still only an inch shorter than you, jackass!” Cas yelled in response, smiling wide at the sound of Dean’s laughter.
Cas smiled fondly. Dean barely admitted that, and normally only did when he was tired or ill. It warmed Cas to the core whenever he did. And he rarely used the word ‘cuddle’ either; it just wasn’t manly enough.
“Novak,” Dean replied, voice cold but still more pleasant than his husbands. “I’m afraid you’re coming with me.”
However, whenever Castiel entered the room, Dean Winchester said barely anything at all. There was always a muffled greeting from behind the oxygen-mask the man often wore. Sometimes, Dean would make a joke, or a bad pun at something, but other than that, Dean Winchester let Castiel just get on with his job. He would smile and listen as Castiel waffled on, chatting to him about everything and nothing, very rarely putting input into the very much one-sided conversation.
When they finally reached the bunker, Sam was glad. He didn’t think he could put up with another mile of Dean, and his complaining. It wasn’t like Sam was happy with their current situation, but Dean just didn’t stop.
!” Cas spat, cutting across him. “I spent nearly two hours with Benny as he dug the bullet out of me and stitched me up!” Cas fumed.
“Yeah, that’s Cas,” Benny nodded, taking a sip of his drink. “Or at least I hope it is. The guy’ll wail on your brother’s ass if it ain’t!”
Cas dipped his head down and shared a soft, long, warm, open-mouthed kiss, pulling Dean's bottom lip in his teeth as they pulled apart.
They laid cuddled together for a moment, and Dean let himself fall further asleep again. But where the two were lying intertwined, Dean felt Cas’ every movement. He jarred awake especially when Cas threw the cover’s back and stranded to climb away from him.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean smiled at the other man, letting his hand come up to cup the other man’s cheek. “Miss you.”
With the car in pieces, debris from it scattered half way across the highway, it was understandable that it had been an automatic write-off.
voice. Sam noticed that it seemed to have an effect on his brother; his obviously kinky brother. Wow, this was a lot to take in.
The smirk he got from his boyfriend was damn exhilarating and Dean felt his heart fluttering. And when the distance between them started to get smaller, Dean felt his breath hitch.
“Don’t get into too much trouble!” Dean shouted back. Cas heard him fumbling round for his keys. He called out again, voice light and joking. “I really don’t want to have to arrest you! Love you!”
“Stop,” He ordered, but it was obvious that there was no real threat behind the tone. He glanced over Cas’ shoulder and his eyes clapped onto the wall clock. “Shit! I’ve gotta go!”
As if to show his brother what he meant, he took the folded piece of paper back out his pocket and started to rip it into tiny pieces. He let the wind blow them all away.
“So,” Sam took a deep breath, changing the subject. “There’s a load of lore on this, but nothing concrete,” He explained.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother’s trademark curse. Turning his head towards the bathroom door, Sam waited, counting backwards from three.
“You love it,” Dean smirked, checking his expensive wrist watch and sighing, almost disappointedly. “I’ve gotta get to work,” He explained, shutting his laptop and slipping on his suit jacket that had been slung lazily over the back of his chair. “Don’t forget about today, okay?” He reminded his husband seriously as he gathered everything he needed together and stood up.
Sam debated his own college options with Dean, as he didn’t have much time left to decide what he wanted to do and told him about this really cute girl that he’d started to see. He told Dean about the first time they’d kissed and how magical it had been in the rain, and then laughed when Dean shuddered at the thought of kissing a girl. It made him ask more about him and Cas.
“Good morning, welcome to Campbell Enterprises,” The cheery woman greeted. She was good looking, pretty and held a huge smile. She appeared to be easy to talk to, easy to approach and had a friendly face. “Sorry to keep you waiting, how can I help you?”
Dean was still as in love with Castiel now as he had been the very first time he had laid eyes on him two years back.
“Then I guess I’m in,” Dean huffed, as if he didn’t want to do it. But Cas knew, better than anyone that the way into Dean Winchester’s heart was through his stomach.
The officer approached quickly, while Cas was still rummaging around in all the junk for the correct paperwork. He made Cas jump to high heaven when he rapped his knuckle on the window.
“Alright,” Gabriel called to the onlookers. He let go of his brother and turned to address the others. “Back to work! Hannah, take over here,” He ordered to his next-in-line, before placing a hand on the back of Castiel’s shoulder and ushering him down the hallway and into his office.
Then, one morning, Dean was later than normal to breakfast. In his defence though, it wasn’t his fault; Cas had kept him up half the night, with his long, magic fingers an warm, wet tongue. Not that he minded; nope, not one bit!
Castiel found himself smiling at the mini speech, feeling grateful for Dean in that one second. Dean was old enough to dictate his own care, and even if his father complained and demanded another take over Dean’s care, if Dean was capable to make that decision himself (which he was) his say would automatically override his fathers.
Cas ran a hand through Dean’s short hair and came to a stop at his nape. He pulled lightly against the hair there, relishing in the keening noises falling from Dean’s mouth.
Cas spoke, the smirk evident in his voice. He quickly changed the subject so that Dean couldn’t continue arguing.
And with that he dashed out the kitchen. If Sam had blinked, he would have missed the blue panties sticking out the top of Dean’s jeans.
“Give up, Novak,” Dean ordered coldly. He couldn’t wait for today wait for today to be over; he wanted to have some really rough sex and forget all about this atrocious ordeal.
He had no idea what they were going to do. How long were they going to be stuck like this? Was it one of those spells you could break? Or would they just have to wait till it wore off? How long was it going to take? Surely there was something they could do?
The next morning, Sam was sat in the same diner they’d had breakfast in yesterday. He’d ordered his egg and avocado salad on toast and kale smoothie again. He was just tucking into it when the jingle signalising someone entering sounded and caught his attention.
Cas laughed, shaking his head as he walked over to the seating he had been instructed to. As he sat down, he attached the visitors badge to his blue suit jacket. He should have expected Meg’s behaviour, to be honest; after all, she took every available opportunity to wind her best friend up. Cas was starting to regret applying here; the winds ups would never stop!
“Okay, I’ll send him straight through,” She placed the phone down and looked directly at Cas. “The boss is waiting Clarence.”
“I see,” He stated. He turned back to the waitress. “My name is Castiel,” He greeted. “And I am Dean’s boyfriend.”
Sam laughed once he was alone. He had known that Dean was gay, even before Dean had known. And he had also noticed when his brother, and his best friend had
Dean was surprised. Sam wasn’t making any fuss over the fact that he’d basically just found out that his brother was fucking their best friend; Dean thought he was going to have a field day with that information. Instead, he get’s scolded for not writing a to-do list correctly.
“Good morning, my sweet girl,” Cas greeted back, reaching over to take her as Dean climbed back into bed himself. “Did you sleep well?”
That truly killed the mood, although Dean knew that wasn’t what Cas had been going for. And, he knew it was true. Still, he frowned.
Cas rolled his eyes at his husbands hurried demand as he placed the iron down at the end of the ironing board and picked up the shirt in question.
“How do they know that you’re not going to mess up taking his vitals? Maybe that’s why he’s not getting any better, because they keep sending fucking trainee’s! You should not be allowed to work in a hospital until you earn your fucking degree! You keep messing everything up! That’s why he’s not even able to use the toilet by himself yet! That’s why he can’t sit himself up! That’s why he can barely feed himself! Because they keep sending
“I didn’t know we had a job interview today,” Sam commented. Dean didn’t reply, and when Sam flicked the file open, he knew why.
Dean appeared to be getting smaller and smaller, curling in on himself, and holding the phone closer to his face in an attempt to hide.
Dean looked ready to pass out. Sam didn’t know whether it was because of the pain he was clearly in, the shock, or the blood. And there was a lot of blood, over the bedsheet, and Sam had no doubt that Dean’s legs were covered in the red sticky stuff too.
“Daddy,” Claire cooed, sweetly. She placed her hand right over Dean’s heart and yawned. Dean replied with a simple kiss on her head and a large hand cupping her back.
Even when Castiel wasn’t here for job interviews (which he never had been before) he always made sure to knock on the door, in case he was interrupting something important going on inside.
Dean had laughed, again unable to find the words to reply back with something just as witty. He stood their stupidly, opening and closing his mouth like a fish and blushed furiously when he had realised, he’s probably just blown it between them. But then Cas had asked him if he wanted to grab a burger or something with him, and Dean had grabbed the chance while he could.
Cas couldn’t help but smile smugly, as Dean entered the kitchen that morning with a slight limp, and a large, purpling love-bite on his neck. Dean shot him a quick look, and if Cas wasn’t expecting it, he would have missed it.
Dean nodded slowly and smacked his lips together. He was quickly falling back to sleep again, and Cas reached down to press a kiss to Dean’s forehead. He would text Dean the details later, because he wasn’t sure if the man would remember once he woke up.
Dean spared a side-glance at Sam. His brother was looking at his laptop screen again, but was most likely listening in. He quickly retuned his gaze to Cas, not wanting to get into even more trouble. He stared deep into those blue eyes, and gulped.
It was that look; that look did things to him. It made Dean’s breath catch in his throat, his heartrate accelerate and all the blood rush to his groin. He found himself softly licking his lips, and teasingly, solely grazing his teeth over the plush wet surface as he lost himself in the angel’s stare.
Gabriel, the man’s actual Dr (and Castiel’s older brother, and boss), smirked and teased him, saying that all Dean ever did was ask after him; ask when Nurse Novak was coming back to see him.
“Well, as a gay person myself, Dean Winchester, I don’t know why you keep it so hidden from me!” And Charlie did sound upset. Not for the first time since he’d tied the knot had he thought about telling her the truth.
“Oh, hello Professor,” Dean smirked, leaning against the door and popping his hip out. “This is a surprise.”
Cas nodded, keeping eye contact with Dean as he purposefully let his tongue dip out to wet his lips.
“I am really sorry about that,” Castiel mumbled, as he checked his watch before starting to take the man’s blood pressure.
The room was almost pitch-black, only a slighter of the gorgeous sunny morning light getting into the room via the gap at the top of the curtains. Sam could just about make out Dean’s unusually tidy room, a huge pile of comics beside the bed and a Dean shaped lump buried underneath the blankets, snoring softly.
“Dean, I swear… you date whoever the hell you wanna date. If you want to fuck a girl, that’s fine! If you want to fuck a dude; go for it! I don’t bloody care! As long as your partner is treating you good, and you’re happy, then I’m happy too Dean! Seriously – this is coming from a bisexual guy, Dean.”
Sam slapped his hand over his mouth and ran from the room, slamming the door in the process. He stayed there for a moment, catching his breath and could hear the stranger asking what the hell was going on and Dean explaining that their intruder had been
This man, Castiel hadn’t yet personally met. But he had no doubt who he was; John Winchester. He had caused quite a stir back along when waiting for Dean to come out of theatre, and then again when they informed him that his son may never walk again. He accused them of not giving his son the medical care that he needed. Each time though, Gabriel was able to calm the man and assure him that they were doing their best.
It wasn’t quite 11, but Dean arrived early to get a decent spot, a coffee in him, and a sneaky slice of pie.
Dean spun around on his heals, instinctively tuned into his brother’s voice. He hadn’t realised that there was someone passing almost right behind him and they smacked into each other with force. Both of them went tumbling to the ground, and Dean’s comics went skidding across the shiny, tiled floor.
“God damn it,” Dean hissed, nursing his sore knuckles. “I would have thought killing the demon bitch would have reset all this crap!”
“I’m going for a run first,” Cas chuckled and shook his head, even though Dean couldn’t see him. Dean always knew he went for a run in the morning’s. Today, it just had to be a bit earlier than usual.
Dean stayed where he was sat, curled up on his own bed. He cut the call and let the cell drop from his hand onto the mattress.
Castiel had yet to see the man, having started slightly later. But as soon as he signed himself in, Gabriel was on top of him, shoving a sponge into his hand.
“Good morning,” Castiel greeted with a small smile, trying to ignore the blush that was fluttering up and no doubt about to cover his face when his thoughts went straight to what had happened in here yesterday. He was just glad that Dean hadn’t had visitors when
. He knew though that Cas wouldn’t even entertain the idea of such roleplay right now, his tone demanding an answer.
“Dude,” Sam sighed, letting all the tension leave his body. “I thought you’d been attacked or something!”
The knock on the door was polite, but it was still an unwanted interruption. Dean groaned and looked at the door as if the thought alone could get the visitor (more like trespasser) to go away. But when the knock came again, more persistent, Dean realised his wishing was hopeless.
“Why don’t you show me how much you want this job?” Dean suggested. Cas’ hands reached up, but Dean stopped them with his own. “Take your time; this could be the deciding factor.”
Cas’ mob knew their boss was married, and to whom. They were under strict instruction’s not to hurt the Chief of Police under any circumstances. Dean didn’t even want to think of the long, painful death that his husband had promised the gang if they disobeyed that particular rule.
Claire snuggled with her Papa for a little, watching TV. Dean, who quickly got bored off the colourful dancing shapes, yawned and stretched.
Cas had lost his gun somewhere in the fight, and Dean cocked his higher when he realised this even though his instincts were telling him to drop it completely. There was still an epic fight going on in the background, but they knew they could still have eyes on them.
“Charlie!” Dean breathed when he saw the familiar red-head. “What the hell are you doing at my house!”
Before he could properly hold it, and interlink their fingers, Claire, who had just seconds previously been well and truly hypnotised by the colourful, swimming fish in the film, grabbed at Cas’ fingers, pulling them away from Dean’s hand.
John Winchester said nothing. A moment later, he stood up abruptly and turned to face Castiel again.
“Dean,” Sam started, slowly. He couldn’t find it in himself to crush his brother, like Dean so obviously thought he was about to. He had known a lot of people, especially at college, who had experimented with a lot of kinks, and he had a few himself; so, who was he to shame his brother. “You are who you are; if you become your Daddy’s Princess…”
Dean said nothing for a minute, and just let Cas squeeze his shoulder and mutter things to him quietly, reassuring him that everything was fine. Sam stood up, still able to see his brother’s internal battle. He stepped closer to him and placed his own hands on Dean’s shoulder, pleased to see that he was now at least an inch taller than his older brother.
Whenever something went wrong that could have easily have been prevented with a little planning, Sam made it his job to point it out and keep pressing about it until Dean all but shouted at him to shut up.
Dean’s employees knew that their boss was married too. They knew that it had been a quiet ceremony and that he’d married his long-term boyfriend ‘Jimmy’. But they knew their boss kept that part of his life very private. No one had even seen a picture of Dean’s boyfriend, now husband, and so no one knew that ‘Jimmy’ was actually the city’s most wanted man.
“I’m not here to get a girlfriend Sammy,” Dean replied, smirking but feeling his tummy recoiling at the thought. He’d never been interested in girls, but he couldn’t afford to be caught being interested in guys either… his Dad would skin him alive and disown his ass if he ever found out. “I’m here to keep my head down, get my work done and become the best god damn Doctor I can!”
“Ugh,” Sam groaned at the sight of his brother, knowing straight away what his brother had been up to last night. “I really shouldn’t be surprised!”
“John!” Mrs Winchester snapped, standing up. She still held Dean’s hand. “Don’t do this; the poor boy is just doing his job!”
“No,” Castiel decided. “I think it’s not nearly enough, personally. I think you should be weighting on me hand and foot for the rest of forever to make up for this.”
“Sorry hunny,” Dean smiled kindly, apologetically. He raised his left hand to show the golden wedding band on his ring finger. “I’m spoken for.”
When Cas nodded, Dean pushed his chair away from the desk slightly. Dean raised his finger and crooked it towards him. Cas stood slowly and made his way around the desk, 100% sure that this wasn’t how normal job interviews for Campbell Enterprises went.
“Welcome to Campbell Enterprises. As I’m sure you’re aware, my name is Dean Winchester, and I am the CEO of Campbell Enterprises, alongside my brother Samuel Winchester, who can’t be here today, because I haven’t even told him about this interview, because he will accuse me of favouritism.”
“I’m waiting,” Dean explained, calmly, but firmly, not taking his eyes off the laptop screen, his fingers poised over the keypad, ready to start typing.
“Have you got something to say, Charlie?” Dean asked, crossing his arms and giving the younger officer a pointed look.
Some Sunday’s they went out; to the zoo, to the park or on a road-trip, for example. But some Sunday’s they just curled up together in the big bed and ordered take-out, as they watched movies and just relished in each other’s company. Those type of Sunday’s were the best.
It was hilarious, and Sam couldn’t stop laughing. He went to mutter a half-assed apology and greet his brother properly, but then another figure appeared from behind Dean.
it made when the weapons inside connected with the wood. He kicked the boots off that he was wearing, suddenly thankful that they had only been a size or so too big for him, otherwise he would have been driving home barefoot!
Castiel knew he had to remain professional. All he could do was apologise and offer to find Gabriel and send him instead. He had no problem doing that, but he couldn’t help but feel like he had just been stabbed. The words were harsh and were clearly meant to be blows. It made him feel useless and worthless, like he really wasn’t able to do this job properly.
“Still, ‘s’not fair,” Dean replied grumpily, before letting the corners of his mouth tilt up to let his boyfriend know he was only messing. Cas hummed in agreement, a smirk mirroring Dean’s as he captured another kiss.
“Where did you disappear off to last night Sammy?” Dean asked, voice more sated than it had been in days. He moved along the bench seat and sat as close to Cas as he could get.
And the truth was that he had been married for five years to the mob boss, that they had all been trying to capture, arrest and prosecute for more than a decade. And they’d been together far longer than their five years of marriage.
“I’ll take maybe,” Dean spoke, voice a bit muffled by the way his face was pressed against the table.
“No idea kid,” Benny shook his head and then started walking towards the kitchen area. “But you could always do me a favour and wake him up; that’ll get him back for the time he decided to blare ACDC on full blast at 8am last week.”
Before they had even left, Dean had had to adjust the seat of the impala, as his current body was a few inches shorter than usual. He complained about his clothes being too big and baggy, but didn’t even want to entertain the idea of buying new ones. With the windows rolled down, there was hair blow all over the place, and Dean cursed, swearing to cut the lot off as it was obstructing his view of the road. Sam purchased some hair bands when they next stopped at a gas station, and Dean grumpily tied his hair up, out of his face, with the promise that he was getting it cut short as soon as possible.
“Thank you, very much,” He said sincerely. Castiel smiled kindly and was about to suggest that Dean put his oxygen mask back on when Dean spoke again. “That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely.”
“Yes. Yes, I think so,” His voice was deep and strong, and rolled over Dean with confidence. Dean had never heard anything like it, and he instantly loved it, craving more. And then the older student clapped eyes with Dean. “Are you?”
He heard Meg shouting for them to lower their guns. But since when had that ever worked? Cas was stood right at the front of the mob. He didn’t even have a gun in his hand, although Dean could see the one at his hip, and knew about the secret one he kept tucked close in the trench coat he always wore.
“No Dad,” Dean’s voice was still slow and careful, but he removed the oxygen-mask, so everyone could hear him better. (Castiel had to make sure he was focusing on what was happening in the room right now, and not what had happened this time yesterday!).
“Thank you, Sir,” Dean nodded, clearly checking him out. Cas crossed his arms and tapped his foot impatiently. Dean noticed, and quickly rectified how Cas was standing. “If you could please keep your hands where I can see them…”
“I…” Castiel stumbled, and mentally cursed himself. He couldn’t let such a question shock him so. He took a deep breath to steady himself and regain his composure, before replying. “I don’t know Dean. Like I said, I’m only here to wash your upper body, and your feet.”
Dean complained about mind-numbing children’s programs, and Cas put Finding Dory on instead. He was pleased to see that it caught the attention of both his babies.
“Dean…” Cas gasped, all feelings of annoyance and frustration gone. All thoughts of work, and being late dwindled down the drain and the only thing he could focus on was his boyfriend and the box he was holding. He couldn’t quite wrap his head around it. “…What?”
Cas looked at Dean for a moment before he relented and sat back down. Once again, Dean followed, returning to his seat.
“Charlie, what the fuck are you doing at my house!” Dean repeated, his heart hammering in his chest. Their cover was blown. By morning the whole of the town would know that their chief of police was married to the mob boss.
“No one’s touched me so gently before,” Dean explained lightly, letting Castiel continue attaching different wires to him here and there to check his different vitals.
That was all Cas needed to say, and Dean was scrambling off of the bed and into Cas’ arms. Cas lifted him up, letting Dean curl his legs around his waist, and his arms around his neck.
Dean hummed, closer to sleep than he’d like to admit, with Cas’ gentle fingers tracing circles on his skin and lulling him even closer.
The angel was looking at him weird. He stepped forwards, tilting his head. His blue eyes were calculating and Dean shivered. He knew that Cas was literally staring into his soul, but that look always did things to him.
When Castiel started breathing faster again, and turned his back to the man, Gabriel had his answer.
Curiously, he glanced over his shoulder to find Dean on his knees; or more specifically, on one knee.
They went out for burgers and the rest was history. Before they knew it, they were both in way over their heads with each other. Dean absolutely adored Cas; even if the guy rarely let him top (although, to be fair, there wasn’t really any complaint from Dean)!
Sam had arrived at his brother’s dorm to surprise him. There wasn’t a reason really, he just hadn’t seen Dean in a while and had a weekend off. He had plans for them to just hang out together like the good old times; maybe go to the cinema or something. He knew his brother would let him have a sneaky beer and he was also secretly hoping that he would meet the girl Dean had done nothing but talk about the last 3 years… she was supposedly tall, smart and very pretty with stunning blue eyes and silky black hair; she was a teacher now but they were still together if the recent phone call Sam had had with his brother was anything to go by. Dean wouldn’t stop talking about how much he loved her, and how much she took care of him and how she baked the best freaking apple pie he had ever tasted.
“Okay,” Cas sighed, way too over dramatically, as he put all his credentials back into the glove compartment and unstrapped his seatbelt. “
Breakfast came out, and Dean flirted some more with their waitress, soaking up her responses and having a whale of a time. When she left them alone once again, the brothers started talk about the hunt once again.
Cas heaved angrily a few times before calming down. It was obvious that he had finally finished his mini rant.
“Cas, you know I can’t lie on an official document,” He explained, his CEO voice dropped in an instant, now sounding like a whiny child, and sounding more like the Dean he knew. Cas shrugged his shoulders, smirking too. Dean thought for a minute. “I know, I’ll write
“Hi,” Cas stepped forward, holding his hand out for the teenager to shake. He made his voice happy and chirpy, wanting to appear friendly. If he could avoid as much confrontation as possible, he would. “I’m Cas. Dean’s boyfriend.”
Dean wouldn’t be surprised if it was his roommate. Benny was forever forgetting his keys and Dean always had to let him back in because of it.
“Dean?” He asked, voice slightly husky from sleep. He flipped his head back, so that his longer than normal hair was now back over his shoulder.
“Mmhmm,” Cas hummed, clicking his tongue against the top of his mouth. “What have you done; really?”
“I don’t know,” The woman smiled, leaning forward deliberately to show off her chest. She rested her chin in her hand and blinked a few times. “I’ve been watching. You’ve been sat here by yourself for nearly half hour now. Thought you might like the company.”
“And say what? I missed? Babe; my aim is the best. There would be serious questions asked if I hadn’t shot you!”
She giggled and reached up to grab at his face. He ducked down to blow a raspberry on her tummy, before sweeping her up and retuning to the master bedroom where Cas was snuggled up nice and warm under the covers.
Sam glanced round the diner, making sure no one had heard his brother’s harsh words. Sam read the newspaper article with a deep frown before folding the paper and placing it on the table.
“Well, I’m just wondering… are you actually a man… or a woman?” The question was actually asked really innocently.
“New employee,” Dean spoke, sitting in one of the visitor seats opposite Sam and resting them on Sam’s desk. Sam gave him a bitch face, but reached for the file anyway.
Cas tutted at his husband’s inability to get himself ready for work in the morning. He pulled said jacket off the back of the chair and snatched the mans hat up too. He held both items out to him expectantly, wondering just how Dean would manage without him.
Cas watched as Dean wriggled further under the blankets with Claire still in his arms. She snuggled closer, turning around and laying her head on his chest.
Sam constantly had his nose in a book or was on his laptop, scrolling through the lore and his eyes were starting to feel tired from trying to decipher it all.
“Dean, look,” Sam cut across him. “I don’t think that a sanitary towel is going to sit exactly right in a pair of briefs that are too big for you anyway. Wear the panties for now or get blood everywhere.”
got together. He had been waiting for Dean to come out to him and introduce Cas as his boyfriend… but he hadn’t expected to find out like that! That would be a story to tell one day!
Gabriel often playfully accused Castiel of taking advantage of Dean in such a venerable state. But when Castiel thought about it, he didn’t treat Dean Winchester any different to how he treated any of the other patients.
“Seriously, Cas?” Dean questioned, with a roll of his eyes. He couldn’t say he was surprised. “You’ve got that job interview today, remember?”
“Maybe I just like the company?” Dean shrugged, accepting the white mug filled with the black goodness from his brother’s outstretched hand. “And who said they were all girls, hmm?”
“Yep, she also said you’re a very lucky to have someone like me,” Dean smirked cockily. “And I have to say, I’m inclined to agree.”
Dean suddenly came crashing back to himself at the familiar voice. He knew that voice; could pin point it anywhere. He didn’t even bother even looking for a shirt this time. He shot off the couch and rushed towards his husband and the owner of the voice.
Cas rounded on the window, and when he realised exactly who was standing on the other side, he relaxed. But merely a second later, his frustration started growing.
Cas came to a stop next to Dean, his heart beating fast. He had no idea what to expect. And then Dean let his legs fall open slightly, leaving a Cas sized shape between his thighs.
“Just his upper body and feet, if you don’t mind,” Gabriel explained as he stepped back towards the front desk and the million clipboards spread out in front of him, ready to delegate other patients care to other staff. He looked back up at Castiel with a smirk and a wink. “We don’t want to elevate the man’s blood pressure too much!”
“If it makes you feel better, he doesn’t… do… me,” Cas paused, as if tasting that sentence on his tongue, before continuing. “
“Daddy missed you baby,” Cas hushed, relishing in the feeling of Dean’s hips riding up and pressing into his.
As he drove, he couldn’t help but keep cursing himself. How had he forgotten to set his alarm? It was part of routine; something he did before bed every single night, for the past 3 and half years!
“You’d like pie for breakfast too, wouldn’t you angel?” Dean mumbled, more to himself than anything. It was true that their daughter had a real taste for pie, probably more so than Dean; if that was even possible. Dean loved afternoon’s when it was just the two of them and he could sit her in her highchair with a dusting of flour and wooden spoon to play with, as well as some apple slices while he baked pie after pie, talking her carefully through each instruction; Dean was going to have her be a master-pie-baker by two, that was his plan!
Once Cas was sat opposite Dean at his large desk, he felt better. At least this way, his knees couldn’t give way beneath him. God damn it, why was he acting like a love-stuck teenager who had only just met Dean for the first time today.
“Door,” Dean tried to explain, not being able to find the words through the heavy fog that clouded his mind.
When the waitress retreated back to the kitchen to put their order in, their chat returned to what they were hunting.
Sam nodded, thinking about the whole thing. He bit back the smile at finally seeming to get through to his tough-as-nails big brother.
Sam felt Benny’s pain, having been the victim of many familiar wake-up calls growing up with Dean. It wasn’t pleasant. He contemplated it for a minute, but quickly wondered down the short corridor. It was almost 9.30 after all, his brother could damn well get his ass out of bed and appreciate his visit.
“I’m insulted,” Dean gasped, the hand that wasn’t supporting Claire placed against his heart. “I just wanted to tell you I loved you!”
“I am an angel of the lord,” Cas explained, without missing a beat. He didn’t have a specified gender in regards to his true form.
“Woah, woah, woah!” Gabe cried, catching Castiel and holding him out at arms-length. “Cassie, what’s wrong? Is Winchester okay?”
“Hey kid,” Benny greeted, voice a little gruffer than usual. “Wasn’t expecting to see ya this weekend.”
“That’s not a problem Sam,” Cas reassured the younger Winchester, as he helped the eldest into the booth. “We were later waking this morning.”
As carefully as he could, Dean climbed into the bed and began to curl himself up next to Cas, with his head on the guy’s chest.
Cas rolled his eyes. It seemed that Dean was going to be much or less like this the whole way through the interview, even considering the very obvious wedding band on his left hand that matched Cas’.
Despite being in pain, he was smiling from ear-to-ear. He took a deep breath, and Castiel knew that the man was having problems with his broken ribs which were no doubt making it hard for him to breath properly. When he spoke, his voice was shaky and slow.
The offices were nice, posh and well kept. Cas certainly wouldn’t mind working in a place like this. It was quiet, but warm and inviting. Cas walked up to the front desk and waited for the receptionist, who was just finishing on the phone.
“Round two tonight,” Dean nodded, speaking as if this was a dumb question. “Where the fuck’s my jacket?!”
Together they debated which supernatural being it could possibly be, ruling things out with a system of trial and error until they were left with a list of 3. They were a little closer to finding it, Sam guessed, but still it felt like they hadn’t gotten anywhere.
“You asked, on his behalf, what was between my legs… I merely informed him,” Cas’ voice remained calm and Dean couldn’t believe it. “It’s nothing but the truth.”
“Great,” Dean grumbled, throwing his legs onto the bed, and resting up against the headboard. “Fucking
Sam was out rightly ogling his brother still. Dean wasn’t looking up from where his face was hidden in the crook of his elbow.
“No, he’s out tonight. Something about an unmissable party involving all the ‘sexiest girls you can imagine’.” Dean shuddered with disgust at the thought.
Dean himself was asleep, oxygen-mask still in place over his face. His chest rose and fell easily, and there didn’t seem to be any shudder to it which indicated that his breathing was even at the moment. He looked so vulnerable and delicate sleeping, and Castiel felt his own heart skip a beat.
“A period?” Sam asked, unbelievably. Surely his brother knew what a period was? “The menstrual cycle? A girl’s time of the month?”
“You can say that again,” Dean scoffed, crossing his ankles as he stretched out. “And they have to deal with so many extra parts!”
“You Daddy,” Dean gasped out, speaking loud enough that Sam could clearly pick up what he was saying. “I belong to you, Daddy.”
Castiel’s chest was heaving where his heart rate had spiked. He was breathing deeply and obviously trying desperately to get it back under control.
She sat down, and began typing away again, no doubt messaging ‘Mr Winchester’ like an excited school-girl.
“Hi babe,” Dean called, throwing his hat and keys on the table in the entrance hall. He could hear the TV on and guessed that was where Cas was. He decided to try and play it cool to begin with, to pretend that today had never happened. “I’m home!”
that, the voice and threat alone sending chills down Dean’s spine and all the blood rushing to his cock. But at the same time, he didn’t want to go over Cas’ knee while that large hand laid heavy-slap after heavy-slap on his ass; because he knew once it was all finished and he was all taken care of, he would be parked back on the seat in front of his desk and have to sit on his sore, throbbing ass until all his work was completed.
Soon enough, the gang members started to retreat as the police officers began to get the upper hand. Some of Dean’s officers came to his aid, shoving Deans gun back in his hand. Dean had no choice but to pull back from the fist fight and point the gun at the mob boss.
Dean knew however, it was one of Sam’s weird ways of loving Dean; one of his strange habits he was trying to rub off on his older brother. Dean didn’t hate Sam for it, he just wished that Sam would stop going on about it all the time! Didn’t he understand that unorganization was a part of who Dean was?
“I won’t force you,” Castiel added, voice lighter all of a sudden. “But you know it will happen eventually. I think it’s time you started giving that route a proper thought, Dean.”
So, he approached the man and gently pulled back the covers. Both legs were tightly secured in casts, and Castiel was so, so careful not to jostle the man (especially when he was clearly in so much pain at the moment) as he lifted the man’s hospital gown.
He then returned to the laptop and, Cas guessed, typed out their address. He then turned his attention back to his husband again.
“Yes Sam?” Cas asked kindly, putting down his fork and giving the younger Winchester his full attention. He knew what Sam was going to ask, and he didn’t mind; it couldn’t be as bad as some of the things Dean had come out with recently.
Dean huffed in mock frustration before he began mouthing at Cas’ pulse point, and lazily bucking his groin against Cas in hopes that it would get the teacher to forget about college and schooling and get him to just fuck him again.
“Well then,” He exclaimed, flinging his legs round the edge of the bed. “I guess I’m getting breakfast.”
Cas, who was well and truly berated, sat back in disbelief. He was trying not to feel insulted. And then he looked over at her again, and couldn’t stop the laugh bubbling from himself. He had to admit that he wasn’t truly hurt by their daughter’s actions, and instead found in endearing.
Dean hesitated for a moment before gingerly accepting the hand. The guys touch was warm, gentle and strong and Dean had no doubt that it would feel amazing running over inch of his naked body. He startled and felt his cheeks heat at the tiny, appreciative moan that slipped free despite his better judgment.
That’s what Cas had always said. And Dean didn’t mind; in actual fact, he loved it! He took advantage of any excuse to spend some extra time with his husband, and their now 15-month-old daughter, Claire.
Sam looked the guy over, taking in Cas’ tall form, deep blue eyes and silky black hair. He was dressed in crumpled sweatpants and an unironed shirt. Sam hummed, realising that Cas looked just like the girlfriend that Dean had described to him on many occasions. Sam wondered whether Cas was a teacher and whether he baked a mean apple pie… probably… just like there probably never was a girlfriend.
“You know I’m not one for sappy stuff,” Dean explained with a shrug, and this time Cas couldn’t help the small laugh and smirk that appeared on his face. “Hell, getting down on one knee is a
He rang his secretary as he unlocked his car and threw his briefcase into the passenger seat. He explained that he was running late, before shooting off the drive.
It wasn’t long before Dean and Cas came face-to-face. They didn’t often get to clash together like this when they were both at work; they tried to actively avoid each other if at all possible, not wanting to mix home life and work life. But sometimes, things just didn’t work out.
“Cas!” Dean breathed in relief. He was glad to see the angel and was suddenly feeling so much more at ease with Cas so close. There was a flutter of something inside of Dean, that always happened when he laid eyes on Cas, and Dean couldn’t help the smile that overtook his face. “Am I glad to see you!”
“He’s the little spoon!” Cas smirked, unashamedly as he entered the living room with a cloth over his shoulder. He walked into the room, smiling wide at Sam’s laughter and Dean’s string of curses and complaints.
Dean began pouting at lack of response he had received from his brother. Cas couldn’t help but feel smug, and mentally praised Sam. It wasn’t that Dean was trying to get Sam to laugh at Cas, but he would have thought that he would be as shocked as he was when he found out… because this was Cas; gruff voiced, dry-cleaned suit and dark hair that turned even the straightest man gay! (Dean could vouch for that!) It seemed weird that Cas had once been female!
For a moment, no one said anything. The tension in the room was high and Cas could tell that neither of the Winchester brothers wanted to be the first to break the silence, both clearly unsure of what the other’s reaction was going to be. Cas decided to step up and try to diffuse the awkwardness, anger and worry that he could almost smell; he also knew what Dean’s family thought about people like himself and Dean and got ready to defend his boyfriend if necessary.
Dean paled. It had been talked about; and ultimately, that was the goal. Originally Dean had been completely against the idea, but Castiel had brought him round to it. One day, Dean would give everything up and become Castiel’s right hand man… and he wanted that, kinda. But he didn’t know if he could bring himself to doing it just yet.
“Thanks Meg,” He replied, and he was sure that he had heard Meg mumbling something about him not needing it, but he couldn’t be certain.
“And you really are in love?” Charlie questioned, almost worriedly. “Like, he’s not forcing you or anything, Dean? Right?”
Sam rolled his eyes every time; his stubborn brother too afraid to hurt his ego and risk his own life before he called for any type of help.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the teasing jerk, and he decided not to respond. He walked away to gather everything he’d need, before making his way to the more-than-familiar room.
He pulled to a stop at the side of the road, and dove for the glove compartment where he kept his licence and insurance paperwork for instances such as this. He knew he hadn’t been speeding, and unless he had a busted brake light, he had no idea why the cops would be pulling him over.
“I don’t think so, Dean,” Sam shook his head lightly, trying not to smirk at his brother’s reaction to all this.
“Good morning gentlemen,” She paused when she spotted just who she was serving. She immediately thrust her chest out. “Dean!” She gasped, excitedly. “Hi!”
“Ignore it,” Cas ordered, mouth finding another sensitive spot and sucking another bruise into place, to join the map he’d began making of Dean’s body.
But then again, Dean had baked a pie earlier that afternoon; and more had ended up smothered on Cas (and sensually sucked back off by Dean), than had actually made it into his own mouth. But damn, Dean could do these amazing things with his tongue, and Cas was sure each and everyone one of them were illegal in all 50 states! They had spent the whole night wrapped up around each other, crashing over the edge again and again, sharing and rolling in their pleasure together.
“You weren’t complaining,” Cas grumbled, watching as his husband slipped his work shirt over his shoulder and did up the last couple of buttons.
“Sorry,” Charlie rolled her eyes dramatically, cocking her gun higher as they moved around the corner. “Shoot a girl for being curious. It’s just, I’ve never seen the guy! In the five whole years you’ve been married to him!”
“Oh, for goodness sake, Dean,” Castiel huffed. “The front porch is not the place to have this conversation. Nor are you dressed; and you know how I feel about that. Invite the woman inside; I’ll make us all some coffee while you go and put your clothes back on.”
But now, as he sent off his work to the right lecturers, shut his laptop down and tided away his things, he smiled. He was ready for some much-needed, much deserved cuddling.
“Surprise visit,” Sam smiled kindly, thanking his brother’s best friend as the man stepped aside and held the door open for him. “Is Dean awake?”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean complained, hissing at the pain in his hip as he moved to sit up. “You okay dude?”
Sam smirked, feeling the adrenaline starting to pump through him and the need for mischief alight in his eyes. He took a deep breath, flicked on the light and screamed.
Dean whined in want as Cas continued to suckle and bite at his skin. The man, despite his arm still begin in a sling, was an expert when it came to Dean’s body. He probably knew the cop’s body better than the cop knew it himself. Dean wasn’t sure how long he had been under Castiel’s spell tonight; how long Cas had been driving him insane with just his mouth in every nook and cranny of his body, sending him through a wave of pure pleasure.
“C’mon babe,” Dean tried to persuade. “I’d rather not talk about this just now. Instead I’d quite like your… Where are you going?”
“Yummy!” Dean licked his lips, hands reaching out to dust over Castiel’s as he put the tray down. “Thank you love.”
Cas sighed, and nodded, hoping that once things got going, they would become a little less informal with each other. He wasn’t holding out much hope though, knowing his husband, who clearly wasn’t much better than Meg.
“She’s accusing me of, of…” Castiel shook his head, unable to bring himself to say it. “I should have her killed!”
Sam watched on, truly fascinated with seeing this different side of his brother and best friend’s relationship.
“Sir,” Dean continued, and Cas could have snapped at him. “If you could please step out of the vehicle.”
“Well, I had a free afternoon once the kids had left and managed to leave work a little earlier than usual. I thought I should come and pay my favourite boy a visit.”
“Woah, woah, woah!” Dean stood too. He had his hands-on Cas’ shoulders, being careful of his wound. “Calm down. She meant no harm, babe!”
Dean was no where to be seen. But if the sound of the shower still running was anything to go by, his brother was still locked away in the bathroom.
“I did a little investigating on my own, boss,” Charlie explained, not sounding sorry in the slightest. “You keep this part of your life so private that I knew there had to be some big secrets here somewhere.”
“I’m sorry for the shock Charlie,” Dean started eventually, after the awkward silence had enveloped them for too long. “But you won’t be changing my mind about who I love.”
Cas cut the call short, Kevin in the middle of pleading and begging. Cas needed to get ready. He just hoped the authorities weren’t going to get wind of this; that was the last thing they needed.
“I know what it is Sam!” Dean spat harshly, sitting himself down on the edge of the bed. He had to sit down, otherwise he was scared that he might keel over and not get back up again. “What does it mean for
“Oh for fuck sake,” The mob boss cursed, sitting up and subsequently letting Dean up too. Dean looked thoroughly blissed out, but his eyes were wide as he looked around for his shirt.
The only response to that Dean got was a small smirk. Instead, Dean had to watch as his boyfriend busied himself around Dean’s room, setting up Dean’s own laptop at his desk and pulling out a notepad, a pen and Dean’s notes from his backpack. He then quite blatantly ordered Dean to get to work.
She took their order, popping her hip and chest out, in Dean’s direction. Her smile and words were flirtatious and Sam sighed impatiently, watching his brother eating out of the palm of her hand.
“Pain,” Castiel explained, in a gasp of breath. He was huffing and puffing, trying to get his breathing back under control. “He’s in pain. Needs more morphine.”
“Cas please,” Dean begged. And Cas saw the look of panic and worry flash briefly over his boyfriend’s face at the thought of him not accepting what he was about to offer. “Please, for the love of God; will you marry me?”
“Ugly fucking thing,” Dean grunted, speaking for the first time since they’d entered the room. Cas smirked over his shoulder at his boyfriend before fixing his attention completely on Sam again. “And Dean was carrying a huge box full of comics when we bumped into each other?”
She twisted her hair around her fingers and dipped her tongue out swiped her bottom lip. Dean had to give her credit, she was really trying, and if Dean wasn’t taken, and was straight, he probably would have enjoyed the company.
“Uh…” Dean watched as this Castiel crouched down and started picking up nearby comics. Dean followed his example and fell to the floor beside him again. “Yeah, I do. What gave it away?”
“Who are you?” Cas asked, hand subtly reaching round himself until he had a good hold on the gun tucked hidden away.
“No, no…. I knew…” Sam muttered, looking from Benny’s amused smile to the almost black coffee in his hands. “I just... thought it was with a… a girl.”
She proceeded to take their order, less enthusiastically this time and scurried off back to the kitchen.
“Mmhmm,” Cas hummed, almost exasperatedly as he held out the man’s badge as well. Seriously, how on Earth had Dean managed to become Chief of Police? The guy would forget his head if it wasn’t screwed on properly.
“Pie?” Claire asked, eyes wide and pleading at Dean. Dean’s insides went gooey and he curled himself closer to the babe.
Anna, a fellow nurse-in-training, always complained that all Dean Winchester did was talk about that dreamy blue-eyed, trainee nurse, with a funny name, that he liked so much; did nothing but talk about him.
Sam lugged another box out of the backseat of the impala, grunting with the weight of it. He briefly spared a thought to what was packed away inside but let the thought pass quickly, using his hip to shut the car door.
“Another victim,” Dean informed him, voice gruff. “Shit Sam – how many more people have to die before we can slit some throats?!”
A few days later, Sam found Dean cleaning and polishing their gear, ready for their next hunt, whenever that may be.
Castiel snapped out of it, shaking his head and gathering the items he needed to actually check the man’s vitals, like he had been sent here to do.
“Good morning Gentlemen; my name is Jane and I’ll be your waitress. Can I get you guys anything to drink?”
He began pottering around the kitchen, thinking about what he himself needed to accomplish at work today, when his mobile rang. He scanned the called ID with a frustrated sigh. Whenever his employee Kevin called, it wasn’t good news.
The door above them cranked open, and both brothers stood on guard, relaxing as soon as they saw it was only Castiel.
And that’s what they did. Charlie sat in the living room, feeling slightly anxious to be sat in a mob boss’ home, but she tried not to let it show. Dean and Cas walked into the room simultaneously, Dean now dressed, and Cas looking very domestic carrying a tray of 3 steaming mugs.
Castiel had to stop as he came to a stop outside Dean Winchester’s hospital room. The door was slightly ajar, and Castiel could hear voices.
Castiel snapped back to himself, turning to look at the woman who greeted him. He recognised her as Dean’s mother, but couldn’t recall her name. She was sat beside Dean, holding his hand as he slept.
“Dean,” The older student nodded. He held his hand out for Dean to shake. “It’s nice to meet you Dean. I’m Castiel. You like comics I take it.”
“I bet there’s something about whatever we’re hunting in Dad’s journal,” Dean grunted, picking up his last slice of bacon and taking a savage bite out of it.
“Oh god,” Dean pushed his bowl of mac and cheese away, his appetite well and truly gone. He stood up abruptly. “I’ll be in my room.”
“That’s fine Sam,” Cas soothed in his gravelly voice. “But to answer the question; between my legs? On a good day,” He paused. Cas pointed towards the older Winchester. “Him.”
“Drama queen,” Dean rolled his eyes. Cas hummed again but leant across to capture Dean’s lips. It was the sign that Dean was forgiven, mostly, and the cop accepted it readily.
Dean was sat up, in the middle of the bed, breathing heavily. He was covered in a cold sweat and looked as white as a sheet. His eyes were wide with shock and there was a feeling of panic surrounding him. Sam hadn’t seen Dean like this in a long time; the last time he’d looked so scared was when the world was coming to an end.
It took him a moment to realise that the high-pitched cry was Dean, and he was out of bed and running to his brother’s room without a second thought. The gun he held in his hand felt too big and heavy for him, but he clutched it tightly, not knowing what he would find.
It was supposed to be an easy hunt; quick in and out. A demon casting spells on innocents and watching as the havoc unfolded. Dean and Sam had quickly hunted down the demon, and had happened to interrupt her just before she cast a spell on her next unsuspecting victims. Before they could gank her, she had turned the spell on them. They were both blasted with a bright pink light that knocked them off their feet. Sam was up again before Dean, and as Dean struggled to get his breath back, his brother drove the demon knife into the bitch’s heart.
“Ah,” Benny nodded, unable to stop the small chuckle as he took another sip from his own mug. All this family drama unfolding before him was actually entertaining and as long as Sam didn’t turn into a homophobic asshole then he knew that all would be good. “Well, Dean and Cas have been together for 3 years now almost. Match made in bloody heaven from the start. Meh, if you ask me, they’re pretty sickening together.”
“What are you doing?” Cas grumbled, voice rough with sleep. Dean couldn’t be certain how long the guy had been asleep, as he hadn’t heard him drop off – he’d obviously been too busy focusing on his work at that point. However, it must have been at least half an hour for him to sound so tired, and so god damn sexy. (Who was Dean kidding? Cas’ voice was sexy
closer to finding out just what the fuck this thing is. I’ve whittled it down to about 6 monsters. Fuck knows which one of those 6 it is, or if it even is any of them.”
“A period,” Dean whispered, in complete horror. He shook his head in disbelief. “No! What does that mean?!”
The bed dipped, and Dean lifted his head slightly. Cas was sat inches from his head, putting his sneakers on his feet.
“Seriously Dean?” Sam asked, exasperated as he slammed his laptop shut, giving his brother his full attention. “What did you think we would have to do?”
“Hmm,” Cas stopped massaging Dean’s shoulders and leant down to mutter lowly in his ear. “Do you really want to have this discussion over my knee?”
Dean had had a field day, the day he had found out Cas had once had a female vessel. Cas had to sit through endless puns and little digs for weeks afterwards. He didn’t mind, but the repetition was getting old fast, and Cas was worried that, although it was meant in good fun, some woman would overhear and take great offence.
“Excuse me, Sir,” But this wasn’t Dean, his boyfriend of 6 years, it was Officer Winchester. “I have a warrant for your arrest.”
“Yeah,” Meg sighed at Dean’s response to finding out what they were going to be doing today. She spoke again, and there was a dose of sarcasm. “So; good morning boss. Happy Monday!”
“No,” Dean whined, like a child whose favourite toy was being taken away for bad behaviour. He chased Cas’ body heat, falling off his pillow and landing on Cas’ side of the bed. “Come back!”
“Look, just start of small okay?” He suggested, looking round the kitchen to think of something. “Make a list or something? A shopping list? We need to do a food run, so a shopping list would be good!”
Castiel gulped and took a moment to compose himself. He knew for a fact that his face was red with embarrassment and he desperately wanted the floor to swallow him whole.
with the hunt today. They had trolled the town again, hoping to get some more information from the locals, but got nothing new. They were just going in circles, and both of them were done with this hunt.
“You know,” He said to catch her attention. She looked up from her phone and hummed. He glanced behind them at Dean who was sat at the table, trying to build something with the condiments ad the menu. She followed his gaze. “You’re right. I am a lucky man.”
It just didn’t stop! Dean was sick of it! Many a time, Dean nearly told his brother where to shove his ‘organisation’.
“Look,” Sam started again, putting down the knife he’d been using to butter bread. “When I was at the store, I brought some other stuff, to help.”
Cas threw the car door open, when Dean took a step back to allow him room. Other drivers were slowing down to some extent to get a better look at what was going on, and Cas wanted to glare at every single one of them; yet not as much as he wanted to glare at his boyfriend. Dean was going to be lucky if he wasn’t 6-foot under by this evening!
“Oh that?” Dean asked. The book was open on the first page and had something written in it. “It’s my to-do list,” He shrugged, almost uncaringly.
“Any special skills?” He asked, still using his big CEO voice. Cas rolled his eyes again, deciding that two could play this game.
“Correct,” Cas nodded once, saying nothing more. Dean’s smirk grew wider, but the man tried to hide it behind a mouthful of mac and cheese (of course, Dean had mixed bacon and chicken in with his, to make it edible, obviously).
“How you know so much about all this, Sammy?” Dean asked later, when he was settled on the sofa under a soft, heavy blanket, and clutching the hot water bottle to his abdomen.
“Dean,” Sam exclaimed, almost in disbelief. “I believed you were in a long-term relationship with some girl named Cassie and then I find you in bed with a guy… excuse me if I was a bit surprised.”
When they pulled apart, Dean’s pupils were wide with wonder and lust; his cheeks slightly pink. Castiel loved how Dean reacted to each kiss as if it was their first. Cas chuckled and his tongue darted out to lick his lips.
“Mmmm,” Dean hummed as they pulled apart. “I can still taste the cherry pie from last night!” He smirked and winked and it made Cas blush deep red. Dean chuckled, and went to say something else, but his radio cut across them.
“There’s nothing wrong with them,” Castiel reassured him confidently, lowering the man’s gown once again. “They look fine, Dean,” Castiel promised, reaching over to straighten the cover back over Dean’s legs.
“I’m gonna go get some breakfast, requests?” He was already sliding out of bed. Cas looked up, but Claire shocked them both.
“How long till Dean gets a girlfriend?!” Sam teased, ducking his brothers arm as Dean made a grab for him. His 14-year-old brother laughed and hid behind their mother.
Castiel tried to ignore just how well endowed the man was, as he took Dean’s manhood tenderly in one hand and his testicles in another.
“I am not calling Cas… he’s got enough on his hands at the moment with heaven!” Dean snapped, frowning.
Dean was followed into the room by the stranger that had been in his bed. Sam watched as the guy (Cas? He’s pretty sure that’s what Benny had called the guy.) placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed in support and reassurance, a small smile spared only for Dean and Sam suddenly felt like he was intruding on something really personal and intimate.
It took Dean another moment, but he took a few shuddery breaths, clearly trying to ground himself. He then made sure the blankets were wrapped tightly around himself before slowly getting to his feet.
“I’m going to start with a few simple questions, if you could answer them to the best of your abilities and then we’ll get started on the interview, if that’s okay.”
And with that, John Winchester stormed from the room. His wife sent a look over her shoulder at Dean and then hurried after him.
Dean looked his brother in the eyes for a moment, just taking everything in. Sam let him have his moment, trying to portray the truth of his words through his eyes alone. He smiled wide when Deans arms wrapped around him tightly and brought him in for a hug.
“And where’s the sulphur? Hmm?” Sam asked, pausing as the waitress arrive with a notebook in her hand.
Dean’s eyes flickered over to Sam, cheeks burning still. Cas used his fingers to gently guide Dean’s chin.
“Doesn’t feel very light to me!” Sam called back, grunting again as he tightened his hold on the box and began marching towards the building; thankful that there was an elevator up to the 6
Claire started climbing, crawling all over the big bed, babbling away to Dean. Although Dean had no idea what the girl was saying, he went along with it, making up the other half of the conversation;
Sam didn’t say anything, but his thoughts painted a picture of Dean passed out on his bed, still fully clothed, an empty bottle of vodka or something in his hand, smelling strongly of alcohol. He frowned… if his brother had partied with Benny last night, he doubted that Dean would be up to much this weekend.
“Cas,” Dean whispered desperately, at the short intimate kiss his boyfriend pressed to his lips. He fisted his hands in Cas’ clothes, holding on to him desperately. Cas smirked and pushed Dean against the nearest wall, hands holding him up.
“At 5.30?” Dean asked, voice muffled from where his cheek was pressed against the mattress. Cas noticed his partner failed to keep his eyes open.
“I know,” Cas shushed. “But, I think you’ve got a lot of making up to do over the next few months, you know.”
“No,” Cas ordered, pushing the man back down on the couch when Dean went to stand. “I’ll get rid of them.”
“I too will be in Dean’s room,” Cas explained, no shame in his words as he followed after his boyfriend.
The man had sustained life-threatening injuries, had to undergo countless x-rays and body scans, and he’d spend an unprecedented amount of time in theatre to remove the metal pole that had fallen from the lorry upon impact and impaled his chest.
Castiel felt his face heat, but he couldn’t help smirking back at the man. If he was feeling more confident on the matter, or maybe if there wasn’t anyone in the room he would have asked the man if he wanted to check (despite the embarrassment he still felt about the whole ordeal). But, as Dean didn’t seem upset about it, and continued to joke about it, Castiel felt himself feeling a bit better about it.
Wetting his lips with the tip of his tongue, and rubbing his hand down his face, Dean made a decision; a decision he should have made yesterday, as soon as the spell had been cast. If he hadn’t been so angry and caught up in what had happened, maybe he would have thought about this.
He grumbled, more asleep than awake for a moment. He blinked his eyes open and lifted his head slightly to see the digital clock blinking on his bedside table.
The woman, who had been leaving the booth as Castiel arrived was stood at the bar, talking to Nancy who was on till this morning. She apologised and moved to the side so Cas could place his order. When the café owner turned around to make two black coffee’s, Cas turned to the woman beside him.
He was so careful, keeping his touch light and professional, but Dean still gasped at the graceful touch. Maybe he was hurting down here, and that was why Dean was asking about his testicles? Although, looking at them, they appeared fine.
“I might not be able to tune a car to your satisfaction, but I can cook eggs Dean Winchester,” Cas scolded, raising one eyebrow, but still leaning in to place a kiss to his lips, and one to Claire’s temple.
“Nurse Novak is amazing at his job! He’s taken good care for me, and nothing is too much trouble! I,” Dean had to pause, had to take a breath. Mrs Winchester, rushed to rub soothing circles over Dean’s shoulder. “I don’t care that he’s a trainee! He’s my nurse, and I trust him with my life!”
Gabriel nodded, to show he was listening, finally they were getting somewhere. Castiel continued to shake his head.
“Uh, because it’s Cas!” Dean explained, but he didn’t get anywhere. Sam just went back to his dinner.
Periods were something he didn’t think they would have to deal with, with this spell. He didn’t even know it was possible. But again, he’d been proven wrong. Sam was going to need to get some supplies in.
“You don’t need to run,” Dean tried to argue, as he heard Cas start moving around the darkened room. “You have plenty of muscles and you’re sexy enough – trust me, couldn’t get any sexier.”
“Charlie,” Dean addressed the police officer, who just so happened to be a friend of his. “Now is not the right time to be asking about my husband.”
"Just as a precaution,” Castiel reminded Dean as he slid the cold, metal object into the waist belt of the jeans he was currently wearing. “You can never be too careful.”
“So,” Sam poked, teasingly, already knowing the answer because of the position he’d found the two in this morning but wanting to hear Dean’s version. “Are you the big spoon or the little spoon?”
Dean chuckled at his brother, diving into the backseat of the Impala and dragging the other box of comics towards him. He considered, with a sly smirk, leaving the second box on the backseat for his brother to take up but decided not to with the amount of bitching he knew he would receive in payment. Snickering still, Dean heaved the box into his hands, shut the Impala and set out, following his brother towards his dorm room.
An hour and a half. That’s how long it took him to complete all his outstanding work. And once Dean had gotten a proper idea of what his professors were looking for, it all started to come naturally. The whole time that Dean was at his laptop, furiously typing away at his keypad, he could hear Cas behind him, chuckling at his phone. There were a few times that Dean tried to turn around, just to catch a glimpse of the guy, but Cas seemed to have a sixth sense for him and was ordering him to turn back around without having to even look up from his phone.
Back then, Cas had used his alias, and at the time Dean had known him as ‘Jimmy’. They had met one night, had a good time and swapped numbers. When they finally faced each other as Mob Boss and Chief of Police, they realised the deep shit they were both in. They tried to break it off; but they were too far in love to let each other go. Dean continued to pretend to be dating the ‘Jimmy’ he’d told everyone about, and Cas kept his dating life private. Before Dean knew it, he was proposing; and Cas had actually accepted! They eloped merely a week later; a quiet wedding that had 0 guests, just how they wanted it. After that, they quickly became domesticated, living out of each other’s pockets. They both love it.
Once breakfast was finished, Claire crawled into Dean’s arms. She sat herself down, resting her back against Dean’s chest; he brought his arm up to curl round her, in support.
“One of these day’s Benny,” Dean grumbled, more to himself as he made his way to the door. “You’re going to forget your keys and I’m going to be out or visiting home and then what are you going to…” Dean paused as he opened the door and realised that actually, it
Dean coughed, jolted back to reality at the angel’s words. He rolled his eyes, trying to play cool. Cas didn’t look like he recognised Dean’s body language, so Dean wasn’t about to point it out.
“If you become your Daddy’s Princess sometimes, that’s fine. Who am I to judge? You’re my brother; and I love you. No matter what,
Cas’s heart warmed and he smiled wide at his cheeky husband, and then down at their daughter, who was chewing on the nipple of her juice bottle. They were both so alike, and he loved them both so much.
“My name is Castiel Novak,” He informed the man politely, introducing himself. “I’m a trainee nurse, and I’ve worked very closely with…”
“What?” Sam shrugged his shoulder. “Both you and I know angels and demons take on both male and female vessels. Why does Cas having once used a female vessel shock you?”
“Good boy,” Cas hummed, leaning forward and pressing a hard kiss to Dean’s lips. “And don’t you forget it.”
In the next moment, an Asian man appeared. Dean recognised him as Kevin, a guy who turned up at the house once in a blue moon because Castiel was being stubborn and not answering his phone. Kevin hauled the mob boss away, guiding him through the gunfire and out of the warehouse; soon, the rest of the gang followed suit.
Dean said nothing and instead turned his worried gaze to Sam. He shook his head in disbelief as his eyes began to well with tears.
It was corny. So corny. And Cas found himself loving it more than he thought. Dean knew how to thaw his heart sometimes. Still, Cas fought the smile trying to break out, like the stubborn guy he was and threw his hands into the air, turning his back on Dean.
“Dean, Dad takes on Vamp nests for breakfast,” Sam reminded, voice light, but frustrated. “Let’s call someone… anyone! If not Dad, at least call Cas!”
“Do you know this woman,” Cas asked his boyfriend, voice patronising. He paused, before adding on with a hint of hardness; “Dean?”
“Great idea,” Dean puffed, raising his fist up high. Cas caught it in his own hand as Dean brought it down again. “I’ll order it when I get home.”
“Well,” Sam sighed, putting the file back on the table. “My bet is that Cas will get sick and tired of always seeing your face and will file for a divorce by this time next week.”
“Girls are a lot stronger than we give them credit for,” Sam explained casually, standing up and heading towards his own bed. “Stronger than anyone gives them credit for.”
This was an exciting and strange new experience. He was starting college, moving away from home for the very first time and into a small shared apartment with a stranger (although they had met several times before today and did get on quite well) and now he was going to have to provide for himself. He knew his Mum was already crying upstairs, having roped Dad into helping her unpack Dean’s kitchen stuff – and the thought made him almost back out… he hated seeing his Mum upset. But he also knew how proud both she and Dad were of him and after everything they’d done, he couldn’t throw it all away like that; Mum for starters wouldn’t want him too. His parents had been putting money into a savings account for him, from the very day he was born; they encouraged him to do what he wanted, be
that her number was written on the inside, and watched carefully as his brother pocketed it with a huge smirk.
Cas’ eyes welled, and he couldn’t get the words out over the lump that had formed in his throat. He nodded vigorously and continuously, waiting for Dean to jump up and engulf him in a hug.
Gabriel had taken sympathy on Castiel eventually and had allowed him to avoid Dean Winchester for the rest of his shift. But the next day, when Castiel approached his brother, he wasn’t surprised when Gabriel sent him straight to Winchester’s room.
Cas looked over the menu with raised eyebrows. He was used to this, and put the menu down before standing up.
“As enticing as that sounds,” Cas started pulling on his running gear. “I really can’t. I’ve got to get to the office this morning and do a couple things before Gabe gets in.”
“No, Charlie,” Dean addressed the slightly shaken woman again. “He’s not forcing me. And before you ask, I can handle him. We know each other inside and out.”
“Yup,” Dean beamed, leaning over to help his brother get a better hold on the box. “All of them – I got another box of ‘em in the car.”
“Today?” Cas asked, actually looking up from his mug of coffee with a look of surprise and confusion.
“I bet it’ll only be a week before you’ve been in the pants of every girl on campus!” Sam teased, snickering at the growl Dean replied with and glad that he was untouchable with his Mum as a human shield saving him from his brother’s death glare.
What they had got up to last night, (and most nights for the past 3 and a half months, but who’s counting?) was their little secret.
Cas stepped quickly around him so they were looking at each other once again. He slowly slid himself into the chair beside the human. He said nothing, and just stared at the man.
