Wait.
“Including yourself?”
He watched as Sherlock looked very intently upon him for exactly two eternal seconds before realization floored his expression. When understanding swept over him, his whole body released its tension and his mouth formed a relaxed “Oh.”
Sherlock had no answer. He did not want to verbally admit that he didn’t fully understand what Lestrade was saying. Thus, he opted for silence instead.
“I am…
Perhaps Sherlock would-
Sherlock was eight years old when he first heard that there was a difference between a house and a home. He'd never thought anything of it, the seemingly trivial distinction. Yet in his fourth year, his English teacher spoke of how a house is a place where you live and a home is a place where you belong.
“Yeah, yeah,” dismissed Sherlock sourly, yet John swore he saw his cheek twitch ever so slightly.
“Ah,” Greg said joyfully, not a care in the syllable. He took one long drink from the glass in his hand before continuing. “I’ll tickle your catastrophe.”
He planned it carefully. Knowing he would have only one opportunity to properly do it, he waited like an alligator in the water: waiting, waiting, waiting so patiently until the time was right. He had one opportunity, anything more would be obvious to the whole room, betray him and reveal that he wasn’t simply a model.
When John is aware of himself again, he’s on the roof of Baker Street, sitting next to the urn. Sherlock is beside him, gripping his hand tightly, and in John’s other hand is the tube.
John’s quite sure that’s an understatement if he’s ever heard one, and he’s glad to be in Sherlock’s presence; he can’t imagine trying to get through this forest alone. It’s strange and cold, and it’s giving him a bit of a headache. The meadow had felt warm and soothing, but it’s different here. The atmosphere reminds him of the spirits who follow him down the street and latch onto him.
“Yes,” John says.
John frowns.  “But he made that weird tunnel for us earlier - ”
“Did you know you can only enter this shop if you have a wish?” Sherlock interrupts. “That’s why I told you not to invite Mary here; she had no wish, other than an ungrantable one about her very being, and so she wouldn’t have been able to see this building on Baker Street. To most people, 221B Baker Street doesn’t exist.”
“I know,” Sherlock says. He’s sure to keep himself composed, but the thoughts he’s been having are swirling inside of him, forming and convalescing into a truth he’s known but hasn’t been able to ever give voice to. His thoughts feel like deductions at a crime scene, pulling at his tongue for release to the world in the form of words he can never take back. His hands are shaking just a little bit around Iris and he hopes John can’t see.   He feels certain John is about to tell him that he’s leaving, that Sherlock has overstepped, that Sherlock is not necessary in this equation.
John strokes her fingers up and down Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock pulls her closer.
Sherlock shrugs. “It just seemed like it would come in handy,” he says, but John doesn’t buy it, and he grins, standing up.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I’m just observing.”
“It’s alright, dear,” Mrs. Hudson says, leaning forward and holding his forearm. “He’ll be right back.” Her hand is soothing and it feels nice against his chilled skin, and he closes his eyes and nods. Everything seems to be swimming around him.
She’s lying prone on top of her duvet, her eyes closed, still wearing the shoes and dress she’d been wearing during the day. She’s still,
“She didn’t realize she was taking such serious action,” Sherlock replies.  “She may seem like an adult, but she doesn’t really have the logic processing of one.   Either way, I’m fine now, so there’s no problem.”
Thanks so much for hanging in there with my long silence between updates.  Things got very busy in real life, and I also had a slight crisis about the ending of this story, which I've had planned and roughly written for quite some time and then changed around a bit.  But after this part, there should be only 3-4 more, depending on how I cut the parts for length, and I'll be posting them in a much more reliable manner, I promise!  The next part should be up within two weeks for sure.  Sorry for the slow update, but hopefully you'll enjoy it.  After this part, we'll be in for a wild ride until the finish! Thanks for reading!  :)
“Thank you,” John whispers, the words soft and raspy, pressed into Sherlock’s neck. One of Sherlock’s hands is twined into John’s short hair, and it shifts back and forth for just a moment and John presses himself closer to Sherlock, his heart beating quickly, eager to feel his warmth, but Sherlock suddenly lets go of him, holds him at arm’s length. John’s uncomfortably aware of how cold he suddenly feels and how wet his cheeks are, and he scrubs his face with a hand.
“Mrs. Hudson!” he shouts upon entering, unsure if she’s in her own 221A or upstairs in 221B.  He hesitates for a moment before taking the stairs two at a time up to 221B.  Mrs. Hudson is inside dusting, and she frowns at him.
Sherlock gives him a half smile. “So you do notice what goes on around you,” he says.
She looks down at her lap for a moment and bites her lip. Her eyes drift to her harp, and then she looks back up at him. “I understand,” she says. “No one should be without their most precious treasure.”
He passes a cup of potion over to Sherlock, who sniffs it suspiciously.
“It’s not a date,” John tells him, but Angelo is already gone and the words fall into the air around them. John shifts in his seat awkwardly, clearing his throat and adjusting the cutlery on the table minutely, and turns to Sherlock.
“You weren’t ugly,” Sherlock protests.
“Suit yourself,” Sherlock says. “Good luck. I’ll pay you back later.”
“You can’t wake him up that way,” Billy says.  He sounds concerned.
“I –“ He finds that he has no idea what to say next, and he looks up at John helplessly, feeling a rush of emotion he doesn’t know what to do with.
“You seem a bit jealous, mate,” Billy says.  He sounds cautious, and John realizes he’s radiating anger.
“Are you just going to stand there?” Sherlock asks irritably without looking up from his task.
Sherlock makes tea, the ritual familiar and soothing, and when he hands it to John, he can tell John wants to speak.
He blinks once the words are out of his mouth and he freezes, staring at John, then immediately looking away. Iris stirs against him, and John takes a few steps forward, Sherlock’s heart beating increasingly faster with each step, his body held carefully still. Sherlock’s eyes are trained on John, but John’s staring only at Iris. He carefully rubs a hand against Iris’ back, then leans forward and presses a kiss against the top of her head. His hair rustles against Sherlock’s cheek and Sherlock tries again not to shiver and fails miserably. John straightens, but he keeps a hand on her head for a moment before taking it away.
“They captured you?”
His whole body hurts, and the nape of his neck feels like it’s on fire. His legs are shaking beneath him and he’s not sure he can hold himself up. Strange thoughts are filling his mind, bleak thoughts of death and terror, and he’s shuddering. But suddenly the door opens, and Mrs. Hudson is there, looking at him in concern and grabbing onto his arms when he nearly falls forward into her.
“How do we get there if you don’t know where it is?” Sherlock asks curiously. He’s never met someone like John before; he is entranced.
He registers the sound of Billy shouting for him in the background, so he glances once between Sherlock and Billy, then quickly stands up and runs over to grab Billy and bring him back.  It takes only a few seconds, but it feels like eternity, leaving Sherlock alone and vulnerable.
“Alright,” John says. He doesn't sound relaxed, but Sherlock ignores that. Instead, he focuses on John’s leg once more, on the way John’s magic surrounds the knot. Carefully, gently, he nudges John’s magic with his own, winds them together to pull on the edge of the curse. It’s working, he realizes, but it’s difficult and slow going, and the further he gets into the knot, the worse it feels for him. He works without stopping, using his own magic to manipulate John’s, to slowly unfurl the cold, disgusting curse. The magic is foul, making his mouth dry and his head ache, but he pushes through, ignoring the nausea in his stomach and the icy cold feeling that’s swept over his body.
“Ready, John?” Sherlock asks, and John turns to look at him, sure his face is showing much more than he wants it to, but Sherlock just smiles at him again, surprisingly patient. Sherlock squeezes his hand, lets his thumb brush over John’s skin, and John can do nothing but stare. Sherlock squeezes his hand once more and then untangles their fingers, but his hand doesn’t leave the handle. He adjusts his grip instead, his hand next to John’s again rather than wrapped around it, and John’s surprised to miss the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers intertwined with his own.
John jumps when he’s suddenly drenched in a flash of rain, staring down at his now sodden clothes and the new puddle on the floor and blinking in surprise.  “What the bloody-”
John blinks, his mind jumping out of its trancelike state and jolting back into action as he watches Sherlock swim further and further away. He clears his throat. “Right, yeah,” he says, though Sherlock is likely to far away to hear, and swims after Sherlock.
Arthur’s voice is gruff, and John smiles and feels a surge of unexpected affection. He pats Arthur’s hand with his own free hand for a moment, but then takes it away, lest he spread germs.
he did,” Sherlock says, looking to the side as he thinks for a split second before turning back to John. “John, a door doesn’t always take the form we expect it to. The lake was there, made from the same water you came through from the closet; it was the connection to this flat, the same way we had a connection when we used the urn to get there. He lied to you.”
“What a day,” John says, sending a floating beer in Sherlock’s direction with a flick of his wand. Sherlock takes it and drinks it, though he doesn’t normally like beer very much.
“No?” John asks.
. It seems more than a little bit strange, even for something Sherlock’s involved in. “Prove it,” John says, though he’s not sure how he expects the man to do so.
Sherlock stops and looks at him sharply.  “If you followed her there, you couldn't have returned,” he says.
“Just until I fall asleep? Please, Sherlock.”
Sherlock shrugs, but can’t help but smile at the praise. “It’s obvious,” he says, feeling unaccountably shy. “I’m Sherlock,” he adds, his smile curling over his lips. Excitement bubbles through his veins; this has been the most incredible adventure he’s ever had, and the best part is that he thinks maybe he will have a friend! He can’t believe he’s met someone as interesting and cool as John – but then he freezes, and his eyes widen in panic. “I’m sorry,” he says in a rush. “My stupid brother dropped you and your arm –”
“We need something of yours,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock shrugs again, unsure of what to say.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice desperate. John is horrified when he sees a sheen of tears building in Sherlock’s eyes. “John, I’m sorry,” he says again. “I’m so sorry. I can’t-”
“You just said that most people are idiots,” Sherlock points out.
hear the answer, so afraid of what it will be.
“It hasn’t, really,” Sherlock says.
“Hmm,” Sherlock says, but he’s filled with approval for John, for his roommate, for what he hopes might even be his friend. “I was just… making sure no one would eavesdrop.”
John snorts as he gets to the kitchen. “How’d you know I saw Lestrade?”
John gives Sherlock a scrutinizing look to which Sherlock merely raises one eyebrow. This is absolutely one of the strangest situations John’s ever been in, but he knows he has nothing to lose at this point, so he shakes his head and follows Mrs. Hudson out the door of the flat and down the stairs.
Sherlock smiles. “My shop,” he says.
“Walk like a human,” Mycroft tells him.
Sherlock shrugs.  “Yes, well, those types of spirit are quite fond of mischief.”
“How did you get here?” she interrupts, her voice soft.
“No,” John interrupts, staring at his back, clenching his hand at his side. “You’re being –
He goes to the doorway of this room,
“Okay,” John says. He takes another sip of coffee. “Wait – do you need me, then?”
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock says. “Where I store all relevant information in my mind, to be retrieved when necessary. It’s quite convenient, but there’s only so much space. It’s like a hard drive, John.”
, and John’s not supposed to agree with him when he says he has feelings, and he’s not supposed to admit he has feelings in the first place. He swallows and turns on his heel, going back into the kitchen. He stares at his plate, feeling somehow like this is an important decision, and then he hesitates, picks it up, and goes back to the sitting room with it in his hands, where John’s shoulders loosen and his face settles and he gives a small nod, mostly to himself, and picks up the remote to change the channel. It’s awkward, and their reactions to the television are stilted, but Sherlock thinks that’s okay.
“Actually, if you’re still looking for a flatmate, John is, too,” Mike says. His voice is hesitant, a bit nervous, but there’s a typical undertone of warmth and hope. “He’s a bit… a bit tired of magical society, to be honest, and can’t afford rent on his own, so it seemed like a good match to set him up here with you.”
“I think that works out well for both us, don’t you?” Sherlock asks.
“He came to me,” Mycroft said.  “He asked for my help, and I gave it to him, providing the magic for the ribbons to be put to use.  He is now in my debt.”
“The same way we came,” Sherlock says, already heading towards the water. He stops at the edge, looking behind him impatiently at John.
Sherlock had wanted to say as the world spun around them, somehow moving forward while the two of them remained locked in one moment that seemed as if it would never end.
“And how did you reach the conclusion, little Watson?” asked Sherlock with sickening softness, his eyes twinkling as they looked at her.
“Ten shots?” Sherlock questioned.
Sherlock scoffed unconvincingly at the words, his hands waving away the words as they were hurled toward him. “What did I tell you about getting the wrong idea?”
“That’s bullshit,” he spat, furious that he would deflect with such poor execution.
“I didn’t know,” he said, eyes narrowing in irritation. “I saw.”
Bonus points to anybody who knows and comments regarding what book Tobias was reading. ;)
He took in a sharp breath, the air centralizing his mind to the reality of their situation. “Just go sit on the couch!” He ordered, desperately needing Sherlock to take several steps away from him. “I'll pick which one we watch.”
“Funny you say that,” he said, left hand unthinkingly stroking the bandaged injury. “I play the violin.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Didn’t he learn his lesson the first time? Wasn’t the loss of one love enough to scare him off of it entirely?
“No,” John practically shouted. He took a deep breath, unable to move from all the effort it took to say what he needed to. “No, it’s not. It’s not fine. None of this, Sherlock, is ‘fine.’ This is a mess that I don’t know how to begin cleaning up.”
Sherlock beamed with all the joy he’d accumulated throughout the practice.
“A ring. Physical evidence. Married. A logical assumption based on what the ring means. Yet he gets angry. I encounter much of that in my life.”
The truth? No, that was insane. A half-truth? Yeah, probably.
Sherlock slid his gaze between John and the woman before settling on John and releasing a soft “Ah,” that was so damned informed that John’s humiliation turned into something worse, something poisonous.
John noticed his eagerness.
“Really.”
The awful memory played before him, putting pins into his heart as he saw a monster that looked like himself beating Sherlock Holmes until he was physically prevented from continuing the assault.
” varied in slight ways despite their author being the same. Some were clear and crisp while others were scribbled and messy. Others were small and careful, while still others were large and slanted. This indicated to Sherlock that each letter had been put into these envelopes and addressed at different times. Presumably, shortly after each letter was finished. However, the box was new, the rubberband taut from its lack of other uses. It meant the letters were compiled, tied together, and placed into the box after they had all already been written and sealed.
“I’m not bloody cleaning this shit up by hand,” he says. “You clean it up, then, and give me back my wand.”
“Too old for a kiss from your mummy now?” she asks.
Sherlock nods, not sure he can speak, and John kisses him again, then turns around and starts towards Sherlock’s bedroom, and Sherlock follows eagerly. Once they’re inside, though, Sherlock looks at John, unsure, and John drops his hand, closes the door, then turns to him. He steps close and kisses him again, but this time it’s different. This time, Sherlock is pressed against the door, John’s body flush against his, and John’s hand soothes over his side and then tugs Sherlock’s shirt free of his trousers.   And then, miraculously, John’s hand slides under the edge of his shirt to press bare against the small of Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock gasps and kisses John desperately, eager for more of this feeling, of John’s hands in places they’ve never been.
“Timing, Billy,” Mrs. Hudson chides, and John thinks this is all a bit much to handle and his mouth is twisting a bit.
John’s skin is warm and familiar and Sherlock lets his hand gently wrap around John’s ribs, lets the tips of his fingers press between John’s back and the sheet beneath him, lets his thumb sweep over his chest, so close to the tantalizing strip of light and yet not quite there.  He nuzzles against John’s arm and draws closer, drapes his leg across John’s, rests his head on John’s chest rather than his shoulder.
“Nice to meet you, too,” she says with a smile. She turns to Sherlock. “Quite the group you’ve brought. Why don’t you come in?”
“Alright?” John asks. He’s holding Sherlock’s face and tilting it down, and Sherlock’s eyes flicker over John’s face, eagerly taking it in from such a close distance.
Sherlock smiles, an almost eerie smile, but a smile nonetheless, and nods. “Then I will grant your wish,” he says. “Now, about payment.”
“Really, though, how’d you learn to do that?” John asks.
John smiles at him and something about it makes relief sweep over Sherlock, though his heart still skitters in his chest. John holds out his hand, and Sherlock takes it and stands, suddenly feeling awkward, but John threads their fingers together and pulls his head down for a kiss, and that feels much better.
“But it’s no matter,” Sherlock says flippantly, charging forward.  “You didn’t go.  And now, I believe we’ve found Angelo’s.”
Sherlock sits up straighter in his seat and arches one eyebrow. “The many faces of Miss Morstan, hmm?” he says.
“It means exactly what it says,” Sherlock murmurs, looking up at the sky. “Nothing more, nothing less.”
when John pulls away, a sound he doesn’t recognize, and John strokes his lower lip with his thumb again, shushes him, presses a soft kiss against the corner of his mouth that makes Sherlock want to cry.
Mary shakes her head. “It’s no problem,” she says.  She reaches up and unties a bow at the nape of her neck, one John can’t see from here, and then pulls out two ribbons, one pale blue and one white.  They are twisted together, and Sherlock takes them with a smile.
“But he didn’t, did he? People lie, John. Sometimes they lie so much it takes over their lives. It’s their own choice, and there’s nothing you or I can do to stop it. They have to decide not to lie, the same way they decide
But John doesn’t push his hand away; he doesn’t do
Moriarty smiles, the anger gone in a flash. “Oh, Johnny, that’s a good question,” he says. “Sherlock, why don’t you tell him? Don’t leave anything out, now. This may be your last chance, after all.”
Sherlock gives a faint smile. It’s nothing but a twist of lips. His eyes don’t move; the lines in his face don’t shift into joy. John doesn’t like it. “Nothing,” Sherlock replies. “I’m just being selfish, as usual. Forgive me, John.”
Sherlock blinks, realizing that he’s stolen John’s wand out of his hand, and looks down at it, feeling the familiar rush of John’s magic in his hand. He swallows, a little calmer from the warmth of it, and quietly hands it back to John, but won’t look at him.
“Like you’re not,” John says heatedly.  “I just have to threaten to withhold tea.”
John smiles and steps forward to walk beside her. “Did you get here early, then?” he asks, ignoring Sherlock and letting him trail behind.
“Sherlock,” John says. He’s aware of little more than the feeling of Sherlock’s long fingers against his back, Sherlock’s ribs under his palm, Sherlock’s face so blessedly close to his own. He’s suddenly overcome by
“I’ll take it,” he says. “Your arm –”
John makes his way to the park on his way home, but his shoulders are hunched and he’s shivering with cold. He coughs, and he doesn’t like the deep barking sound of it; he’s definitely getting a cold. He’s tired, but he’s looking forward to seeing Arthur.
“You have questions,” Sherlock says.
,” Billy says with a cackle. Mrs. Hudson snorts and then does her best to act like she hasn’t been laughing when John looks at her in annoyance. Sherlock ignores them and seems inordinately pleased, if the flush that creeps up his neck means anything.
John shakes his head, his face unreadable.
“Mrs. Hudson will know what to do,” Molly says.  “Go now, quickly.”
“I didn’t think
on his back, and so he slowly turns his head to check, afraid of what he’ll see, his body quivering - but there is nothing behind him.
He holds the broken end of an arrow Sherlock had given John over his head, and John stares in shock, then turns to look at Sherlock, who gives him a small half-smile that makes John’s eyes widen. The monsters are murmuring again –
John turns his head and cracks his eyes open to look at Sherlock. He smiles, feeling tired and relieved and fuzzy. “Did you grant my wish?” he asks.
“Right, okay,” Mary says, still chuckling. “Hello, Billy.” She reaches a hand out, and Sherlock passes the skull over to her. John watches from behind his hand as she examines the skull, smiling and seeming greatly amused.
Sherlock doesn’t let go of his wrist for a moment, and so John keeps his fingers where they are as he breathes deeply, shaking his head and blinking water out of his eyes. When he looks around, he finds that he’s in a pond, next to a large oak tree. Wildflowers surround the edge of the pond.
disappears,” John says, panic flooding him; what if he does something wrong and causes the entire building to vanish?
John pauses, takes a deep breath, and feels his spine straighten.  He’s faced war; he’s been shot.  He can do this.  He will listen to Mrs. Hudson’s instructions and do what he has to do.  He nods a short, clipped nod, and he’s not entirely surprised when Mrs. Hudson opens the door to Sherlock’s closet.
Mary jumps and looks up at John in surprise, guilt on her face, but Sherlock doesn’t move, just remains staring passively at Mary as John sits down, taking his seat and looking back and forth between the two of them.
“Think we’ll make it to the bedroom next time?” John asks afterward, his face centimeters from Sherlock’s, so close that Sherlock can see him in glorious detail.
Sherlock shrugs.  “No matter,” he says.  “It’s better this way.”
Sherlock nods. “Yes,” he says. “Would you like some tea?”
He feels hopeless, but he is still determined to find him. There is no way he will give up, even if it means he spends the rest of his life searching. If Sherlock wants him to live, he will, but not at the expense of Sherlock’s life.
John’s hand is still on his wrist. “Why not?” he asks.
John reaches out and puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, near his neck. Sherlock closes his eyes and a breath leaves him and his shoulders sag. He can’t handle this, he
John closes his eyes and feels love crash over him, strong and terrifying and exhilarating. He
His eyes drift closed and he inhales John’s scent as he luxuriates in the warmth of his skin and the closeness of their bodies.  Though it happens regularly now, it’s something he won’t – can’t – take for granted, and he doesn’t think he’ll ever be used to it.  He’s warm and content and feels the fuzzy edges of sleep pulling at him again when John shifts his legs a bit, moves his foot around until his toes brush against the Sherlock’s.  It lulls Sherlock out of his near-sleep haze and he smiles and presses a sleepy kiss against John’s chest; he’d been enjoying his private exploration, but he’s always glad to have John awake and with him.
“Well, Sherlock loved it,” Billy says.  “So it hasn’t completely gone to waste, right?”
“This is wonderful, thank you,” she says, and then glances outside, where the rain is still falling. “Don’t worry,” she adds. “It’ll stop by the time you leave. By the way, Sherlock, a butterfly…your trademark, isn’t it?”   She gestures towards a scroll on the wall.
Sherlock doesn't reply as John walks over to the corner of the expansive room, the bird and butterfly following him, and stops where the small waterfall flows over some rocks into a tiny pond. John steps closer and awkwardly leans down to splash his fingers through the water, then looks up at Sherlock with an incredulous laugh. “This is brilliant!” he says.
“Thank you,” he murmurs again. “All of you. Thank you.”
“It was good, hmm?” John says.
John looks impatient. Sherlock likes that better than worried, but it’s still not what he wants to see. “John,” he tries again. “It appears that I have –”
“If you hadn’t gotten here in time, it could have. But that’s not the
“If there’s anyone who can get through there, it’s certainly you,” Mrs. Hudson says.
He’s thinking about it now, a smile playing on his lips, and so he doesn’t even notice when a tiny spirit, no bigger than a hamster, runs up from behind and weaves in between his feet. He stumbles, hears Sherlock say his name, but it’s too late – he trips, his hand leaving the lantern for just a moment. Hurriedly, he reaches for it again and stands, but it’s too late.
“Not particularly,” Sherlock says, shoulders relaxing a fraction when John takes up the conversation again. “My tutors were idiots, and my parents were annoying.”
He sighs, his shoulders sagging. He tries to think of Sherlock, but he’s distracted, hopelessly so, by Moriarty, by the web Sherlock was trapped in, by the look on Sherlock’s face before he disappeared, by
“Who are you going to test it on?” John asks in alarm.
His phone buzzes and he sighs, reaching for it.
John tilts his head until he finds Sherlock’s mouth again. He kisses him, slow and soft and gentle, a different kiss than the ones they’ve already shared. Sherlock slides his hand up the back of John’s shirt again and John shifts closer to Sherlock, rubs his thumb over Sherlock’s nipple again, feels Sherlock gasp open-mouthed into their kiss, and he breaks away, breathing heavily.
He allows himself the indulgence of thinking about the very first time he’d sat with Sherlock on the roof. In hindsight, he can see how very enchanted by Sherlock he was (and still is), and he remembers it fondly, remembering their closeness, the hushed atmosphere, and the magical quality of the evening. He longs for it down to his very bones, and abruptly, he remembers Moriarty again, his singsong voice and mercurial attitude.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He takes another sip, letting the warmth ease him into talking. “The first time I used magic, Mummy was calling me in for dinner and I didn’t want to go, so I shut her up.”
“You could make tea yourself,” John says. “I know you’re capable.”
When Moriarty speaks, his voice is loud, deeper than John has heard it. “I call upon you, the spirits of this forest,
“You may not have meant to,” Sherlock says. “But you were.”
“Never said it wasn’t,” Greg replies with a shrug. “I’m just glad you didn’t punch first and ask questions later.”
“He was standing there smoking a cigarette. I asked him who he was, and he told me he knew you.”
John leans down and kisses him on the temple, and when Sherlock turns his head to look up at him, John kisses his eyebrow and his cheekbone, the corner of his mouth, and finally his lips, gently.
“There
“Morning,” John says.
“Are you going to ask them?” Sherlock asks after a moment. He sounds impatient.
“Honestly, you don’t need to give in to his every whim,” Sherlock mutters.
“You’re so sensitive,” John says. He’s looking at him like he’s something precious, and Sherlock swallows. He feels, somehow, like he’s breaking apart under John’s attention, and it’s exquisite and torturous all at once. He doesn’t know how to reply, so he remains quiet, and John kisses him again, this time a little bit gentler, and steps closer, pressing his hips against Sherlock’s.
“It’s certainly true that meeting someone can change your luck,” Sherlock says, moving to stand beside John and leaning forward to enter his personal space. “However, I will tell you this as many times as you need to hear it. I don’t believe Mary Morstan is your Lady Luck.”
“Oh no, I don’t think so,” John says.  “Mostly I just make tea and – oh Christ, dinner,” he groans.
“No,” John says, “I suppose not. Bit weird, though. I’m used to seeing you use a phone, not an owl.”
John doesn’t want to take his eyes off of Moriarty, not for a second, but he needs to see Sherlock. He stares at him, and suddenly Moriarty claps, the sound so loud that John jumps, his heart speeding up. Sherlock’s head jerks upward at the sound and he looks around in confusion for a moment before he sees John. His eyes widen and immediately settle on him, and John’s heart speeds up in a mixture of relief and fear. Sherlock looks shocked to see him there.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “You didn’t understand the connection you had to the other realms, and you’d never had any truly positive experiences with spirits or anything relating to magic. As such, you feared the connection. Spirits saw you as a powerful being with which they could connect, but who feared them rather than support them. As such, they wanted to devour you and keep your considerable power for themselves. Now, they can sense that you won’t go so easily.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. His voice is soft. “Yes, John, it’s very real.”
“Okay,” Sherlock says eagerly, letting John lead him. Nothing ever happens to him, he thinks, but here he is, in a magical castle with a magical boy who is inviting him into his
They’re quiet for a moment, and Sherlock focuses on keeping his breathing steady, on trying to relax, on the warmth of John surrounding him, on John’s magic and his physical presence. John’s fingers are stroking through his hair, and he still occasionally tells him it’s alright, and Sherlock thinks he should feel embarrassed, but somehow, he doesn’t. He takes a few deep breaths, tries to get himself under control, breathes deep until his breaths no longer stutter, until his eyes feel dry, until the cloying darkness of the curse is just a memory.
Mary shrugs. “It’s not a big deal,” she says.
“You complaining?” Greg asks with a laugh, the seriousness of the moment before forgotten. “I’d think you’d want to talk to someone other than Sherlock once in a while.”
“Dinner?” John asks, tilting his head towards the kitchen.
When John comes home, Sherlock is curled up on the couch, facing the back, trying to tune out the world. He feels like is skin is crawling, like his heart is twisting itself inside out, like he doesn’t fit inside his body. He’d been fine that morning, hopeful, even, after he played his violin, but afterward, he hadn’t been able to focus on the inconsequential mold experiment, nor had he cared about reading his emails.
“He’s clearly hysterical,” Mycroft says. “None of us want to see him upset like this, but don’t you think it’s unhealthy he’s so attached to it all of a sudden?”
“It was brilliant,” John tells Billy, sitting beside Sherlock and leaning forward. “I still don’t think I understand what just happened.”
Sherlock opens his eyes, and he’s not prepared to see the raw emotion on John’s face, the shining eyes, the intensity of his gaze.
“Appreciation?” John asks.
There hasn’t been a case for days. Sherlock feels the ennui settling in like a shroud; it covers 221B, making the dust that usually sparkles with promise in the sunlight twist itself into useless, heavy sediment, making the laboratory equipment and half-finished experiments nothing but a clutter of useless trash, making the familiar and comforting smells of home cloying and contemptuous. He hates this feeling, especially
“I did, once, and I saw you,” Sherlock said. “I saw your life, and I
John just stares at him for a moment, his left hand flexing and unflexing a few times, before he nods. “Right. Yeah.”
Sherlock closes his eyes again, squeezes them shut as if he can’t bear to hear what John is saying. John rubs his thumb gingerly along Sherlock’s cheekbone, his temple. He leans up and presses a soft, gentle kiss against Sherlock’s jaw, just a brush of his lips against Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock nods, color rising on his cheeks as John goes to the kitchen.   Something feels different, something that makes his stomach clench and his heart beat faster. He can’t focus on it, though, not with his brain still turned to mush from playing for so long, and he doesn’t know how to understand it, anyway. He steeples his fingers together, then presses them harder together when he notices they’re trembling, and rests his lips against them, closing his eyes for a moment and thinking of the way John had looked at him when he stopped playing.
“I haven’t had a friend, either,” Sherlock says. He feels something blossom in his chest, something warm and pleasant.
“You always get your way, don’t you,” John grumbles.
face instead,” John says. “I’m really fine, just a small concussion, but they want me to sit here a while instead of work, when honestly, I’d much rather just go home.”
A large spirit has made its way in. It doesn’t have eyes, only a large, gaping mouth. Its lips are red and cracked, and it only has two teeth, long fangs coming from behind its upper lip. John swallows, unable to look away, and feels his hands begin to tremble. It doesn’t have eyes, but it’s certainly looking at him.
“Guess not,” John concedes. “But poison’s a bit… not on.”
Sherlock has a lot he wants to say about John’s leg, but he’s interrupted by Angelo coming to pour their wine, and then John starts asking about his potions research, and the moment is gone.
“Please,” Sherlock says.
“Find the woman,” Mycroft echoes.  “She took his soul.”
“And Magnussen – he’s not the first one you killed, is he?” John asks.
“‘The present world is dream. Dreams at night are truth,’” Sherlock murmurs when they pull away. A small smile is on his lips, though his eyes are red and the smile is shaky.
“Whoa,” he breathed again, eyes looking down at himself and then back to Sherlock. “Let me guess, then: you noticed my clothing was too big.”
Understanding crashed over him with burning clarity. “Oh.” His brilliance could not be beheld by most people. Most people were affronted by this talent. “I think it’s fucking brilliant. Cheers.”
“What sort of band?” asked Wiggins, his gaze sliding from Sherlock to John. He sounded as though he was stating rather than asking.
The music came to a stop all at once, a moment of complete silence following their sound as each of them released tension they hadn’t realized they’d been holding the entire time. The final note hung in the air around them, the accumulation of their hard work ringing in their ears long after the song reached its conclusion. John had time for exactly one thought before the crazed cheer from the audience found his ears:
“It is nearly winter, my love. Eighteen days until Christmas.”
And now this. A kiss. A proper, intoxicating, passionate, wildly inhibited kiss. But not really. It was for a case.
John examined the beautiful man before him in complete bafflement. “Why would they
Sherlock Holmes was 32 and life was boring. Worse, even, life didn’t feel worth living. He was blown along life’s swirling breeze in pointless motions; always moving but never settling anywhere.
His tongue was tied watching Sherlock walk with attempted-grace back toward his bedroom. John’s mind was muddled with thoughts. Those thoughts of regret that plagued his life, those thoughts of things he wanted to say, and those thoughts of apologies that needed to be cried into the void that had become their relationship. These thoughts ricocheted around his head until they were all-consuming and threatened to obliviate him.
The lights were off in the flat with no starlight outside to light their surroundings. Even so, the whole place was alight with a blaze of illumination. The multi-coloured lights twinkling on the Christmas tree cast beautiful halos of hazy light. Garland entwined with white lights was hung around the walls so that the room was encaptured with a soft glow, objects illuminated with strange shadows. Other strings of light were cascading around their possessions: the fireplace was adorned with dainty light, their seats draped with another set, and the desk was holding lights around its edge.
“How did you meet Victor?”
And this was a mistake. This was an enormous mistake because there was too much stimulus and how could he focus on words when Philip’s head continued to move toward them, Sholto’s circular motions were continuous, Tobias fidgeted with his cuff, Wiggins remained still, and Greg swayed slightly under John’s arm?
(Actor name: Corey Cott, Character name: Donny Novitski.)
Then several months later, the two were at a nightclub when Sherlock whispered that they needed to dance provocatively in order to blend in. John pretended to treat the matter as a military mission, nothing more or less than a necessary act to win the battle. But for weeks after, the memory came to him in vivid detail in the shower.
Sherlock was stopped in his steps, but his gently curved back was still turned to the desperate John whose tongue struggled to form the words swimming just out of reach. That back, John knew, was host to a disarray of scar tissue tragically delicate in its grooves and ridges.
This isn't late, it's before midnight my time! Curse Seattle for being so far behind my readers' timezones.
“He was a client of mine,” said Sherlock slowly, voice too loud for the acclimated volume of the room.
Putting his hand over his mouth, Lestrade asked, “What about him?”
“Yes,” agreed Sherlock absent-mindedly. His gaze was resting upon John's figure, eyes greedy with the desire to soak him in. “I think it's perfect already.”
Now, with the eggnog coursing through him and dulling the world’s sharpest edges, John could not stop looking at him. As he sat across from him, he relished the way the Christmas lights cast harsh shadows along the panes of skin on the handsome face. He loved the way his eyebrows had twitched together ever so slightly as his eyes scanned the book in his hand.
Me: spells it "Philip"
How did I get from "Frost" to this? I honestly don't know. But this is the longest ficlet yet. Happy Thursday!
“I was not about to let an army doctor, only recently back from the war, with no family or friends who is only just now attempting to return to dating get stood up and publically humiliated. So where does that leave my options? I could come up and pretend to deliver a message, but why then could she not have called or texted you herself? If she could contact me to pass a message, it seems unlikely that she would be unable to tell you. Alternatively, I could have come and offered to have dinner because I saw you were alone, but you have a great deal of pride and I doubt very much that would have spared you any more embarrassment than if you were to simply leave. Therefore, my only option was to come up and pretend to be the one who was late. It spared you the public humiliation, proved everybody’s assumptions incorrect, and also placed the sole embarrassment on myself. I am the jerk who was late and made you wait, you are the hero for waiting so long and having faith that I would come.”
It clicked all at once, pieces of a puzzle he hadn’t known the final product of until this moment. In a rush of words, he concluded, “She’s from money- or she used to be. The dress is an old relic from those days. And the fake pearls must have cost less than regular cleaning of her old ones would, right? She can’t afford new stockings but old ones ripped. Everything else- her hair, her nails, her shoes, are a product of beauty supplies she owned from before she lost her money. She’s trying to keep up with appearances for her friends- trying to pretend she still has the means to dress like that.”
-the most hits
“Shove off,” he said, lowering his hand from his eyes to his mouth to suppress a bubbling laugh. “I said I’m feeling it, not that I’m incapable of handling it.”
John could have leapt with joy. He could have kissed him right on the mouth. He could have whooped and hollered and danced around. Instead, he settled for a wide smile and friendly clap on the arm for his friend. “That’s fantastic!”
“Find something quick,” the gentleman called softly behind him. “Godspeed.”
Lestrade wore a half-smile of disbelief, though his eyes tightened in concentration. Clearly, he was unable to distinguish whether or not Sherlock was joking.
His fingers found the seam of the paper, careful not to rip into it like an imbecile. When the paper, clean and undamaged, fell off, it revealed another box. He despised the sentiment of this; wrapping a box that already hid contents was moronic.
“It isn’t a favour,” he said impatiently, not looking up from the sheet music. “I think you’d execute this best. See this run on measure 102? Your skill set would compliment that portion quite well. And that progression of notes with no air for five measures? Starting at 134? You’ve got the best air capacity.”
.” He could hear Victor’s voice in his head as though the man stood directly next to him, speaking to him in that carefree way he always did.
“Just go with it,” he said, words coming out as though they were long-time friends and they were discussing the attributes of something especially mundane. His eyes remained glued to the menu, his lanky fingers flipping the thing over with a casual air.
“Yes, of course besides that,” he said, smirking.
“Did you- want to come see me- I mean, us- all of us- perform?”
Sherlock's unblinking eyes filled with tears slowly, slowly without falling as he looked upon John in that dim room, leaning minutely away, the muscles in his face shifting into a mask of pure disgust, hatred, contempt.
He froze then, mind and body screeching to a complete stand-still. His brain was fried and terrified and disgusted and within it, only one familiar, indignant voice remained to scream the realization.
you like?”
“Er-” John didn’t know how to answer that. “He’s not really…” and the idea popped into his head with aggressive excitement. “Do you want to come meet him? He’s not sick of your antics yet.”
Eyes snapping open, he attempted to pull Lestrade into focus before him. “What?”
The halt in John’s movement, though brief and noncommital, overwhelmed Sherlock’s heart with joy. Capitalizing on the moment, he rushed on: “Yes, we could have ignored our feelings. We could have avoided all this in a million different ways. But you know what we did instead?”
sorry.” It was all he could say. It wasn’t enough. “I am so sorry. God, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking. You’re right.”
“You got a girl back home?” John had asked.
Lestrade, who had been in the middle of saying something, stopped to stare at him. “What's gross?”
“Am not!” He contradicted childishly. John allowed his eyes to remain sceptical attached to the man until a breath released the resistance Sherlock had been clinging to. “Fine. I’m scared- in fact, I’m most scared- that he
“Jesus,” John muttered.
“So amaze me.” The words sunk in visibly. Sherlock softened and his muscles relaxed. “Be honest.”
That is how he came to be standing there, thirty-two days later to see his knight gone with the papers reading:
“Don’t mention it.”
him. What was he doing? Had John not dreamed, wished, and longed for the man since the day it all began? For as long as Sherlock had been in his life, John had been helplessly in love. Why, then, was he walking away? Why was he breaking Sherlock’s heart? Did he even have a reason?
“That’s not what people normally say,” he admitted, still small in his seat.
“No.”
“Ha-ha,” Sherlock said dryly, shaking his head but John knew- he
“I don’t know much about music, I’ll admit,” came a silk voice from behind John. “But I would venture that you were quite good.”
“Yes, you do.”
But still, the applied description left him wanting and he’d realized he would never again look into them for reassurance in this world brimming with cruelty.
“Nervous?”
For a long moment, Sherlock stared at the small bundle of fabric in his hands. The socks were ordained with smiling penguins, one tobogganing happily across a frozen lake. “And you,” Sherlock said softly, “think these are cute?”
John’s head fell into his left hand, raised to wrap around his temples and covering his eyes completely. Until distinctly cold moisture fell against Sherlock’s cheek, he wasn’t aware of the tears that had begun to overflow in his own eyes.
His face fell instantly, forming a mask of impenetrable distrust. “What?” he asked flatly, clearly wary.
Shaking his head of the philosophical nonsense, he reminded himself that his home was here, with his family. Yet that evening, Mycroft reprimanded him for his “childish” experiment with the soil and his parents asked timidly if he’d made any new friends recently. He wasn’t comfortable. He didn’t belong. He wasn’t home.
Sholto’s attention suddenly honed in on John with an intensity that floored him, even shaking his sturdy confidence. “You must promise me,” he said sternly, “that this band will be what you told Gregson it will be. You are right, we all need this. It would be unscrupulous to obtain my trombone with the promises of brotherhood and purpose if you cannot keep said promises.”
“So we watched our friend die in the first shots of the ambush and he looked me in the eyes- I was frozen in panic and grief- the war bursting with explosions all around us and he reminded me that we needed to get through this. He reminded me of the train- it cleared my head, as it always did. The hope of it all. I nodded, my panic fading as I looked at him and it was replaced by a familiar clarity of war. Still, Victor took over the situation, leading our men to action while bullets and grenades flew around us.”
“No idea,” Sherlock replied casually. He wore a smile upon his lips that was definitely the smile of someone who
“You know, most people just give me funny looks and pretend their silence is better than the look.”
“Er- thanks, mate,” said John, turning to face the others as well. “Let’s spend the rest of today on the Proud Riff and on Monday we can practice Ain’t We Proud.”
“What’d you order for me anyway?” asked John, who knew nothing of Italian food.
Philip had felt many things in his lifetime. But never before had he felt unimportant.
“Both!” gasped Sherlock, rocking his hips into John’s own.
John took once glance at the name of the song before him and flushed a deep scarlet, trying desperately to keep it hidden. The title filled him with hope and subsequent shame.
The traditional fifth-year anniversary gift is "wood." There is surely a sexual fic somewhere in there but this is rated T.
It was impossible to know when the tears started. It was most likely that the tears were forming from the very first moment his fingers slid underneath the wax seal. The certain last time he would open a message from him. Every motion Sherlock made was intensified. Every word he read would bring him one step closer to the end- every letter he read brought him closer to a reality where he no longer had anything left to receive from the only man who ever mattered. Victor was his only solace in this cruel, unfeeling world.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.”
“Because it’s the truth,” whispered John, his eyes continuing to spill tears as they searched imploringly at the man so cold before him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yes, the air was gone from around them. John wasn’t struck immobile from this man, it was merely a problem brought on by external forces.
Sherlock flung himself sideways, resting his head on his hand and smiling into it. “You know what he’s like?”
“Don’t you think you’re being just the slightest bit defensive?”
Was it a fact or was it Sherlock’s own desire to believe it that made him deduce that John spent more time than necessary on the task?
“I’m supposed to believe you after the way you were acting in there? Avoiding eye contact, flushing with colour when I looked at you- the gig is up. I read guilt in every movement you made.”
They nodded solemnly, every intention, hope, and purpose aligning at once.
“And you- you’re telling the truth?”
John’s stomach dropped but kept his face neutral. “Yes, Tobias. I know this song is good enough to win.”
He focused on the dress: Blue, past the knee, plunging neckline, stitched-
“Nothing at all.”
“KILL- What?! I haven’t killed anybody!”
He could barely pay attention to anything at all, still hyper-aware of every eye glance, whisper, inquiry, and action regarding the boy. Through it all, the red-haired boy simply sat at his desk, stared straight ahead, and showed no hint of recognition of the whispers around him.
Unbearable pain.
“And you weren’t actually a client. So you haven’t seen my advertisement.”
“Ah ha!” his companion shouted, the declaration startling John out of his spiralling reverie. His head snapped up as Sherlock called out, “Wiggins!”
“The hair pulling or this,” he said, sucking lightly on the thin skin of his neck on the last word.
By the time he was ready and focused, Professor Hudson was walking away and a new figure was walking before them.
. What was I supposed to do? I moved on, I’ve found a lovely woman who I have accepted as my future. Then you came back and everything has changed. But you- God, you want to pretend it hasn’t."
away?”
Thank you to everybody who is still reading. 11 more to go!
(See the end of the chapter for
“John Watson Band?” came an unfamiliar voice, a pair of men standing in the doorway.
This was a mistake.
(Also, yes, the Marvel socks have Doctor Strange.)
“And if they weren’t meant for me… that means they were someone else’s.”
“Fine.”
“No,” Sherlock said, lips brushing against his with the simple syllable of admission before they crashed together properly.
Brilliant.
Yet his most beloved method of conveying truth was through making commandments that
? It wasn’t legal to be gay and it certainly wasn’t legal to be
John's eyes were wide in the darkness, his pupils seeking to drink in details of his ceiling they couldn't possibly observe. Lying down in a futile attempt to embrace sleep, the room was frozen around him while his mind spun out of control. Every few minutes, he would abruptly throw his mind from its train of thought out of fear.
Deductions are
“Er- John. John Watson,” he said with an only the slightest of shaking in his words.
“Look,” he said, exasperated. He turned on his heel and addressed a furiously perplexed Sherlock. “They’re cute, alright? People like cute things. Even if they’re not ‘practical.’ Sometimes ordinary people like to get things just because they're cute.”
“Sherlock’s the one who found us Wiggins,” John said as the two drank.
Tobias whistled, his eyes downcast as he said dismissively, “You know, most 4-Fs wound up committing suicide.”
John’s stomach had a new home again. It now settled into his throat, painfully dry for want of the man before him.
“N-no.” Sherlock flushed with the compliment, his response stuttering out without breath to steady the words.
“What do you mean he ran from you?” he asked in a slur. Sherlock’s heart relaxed infinitely when he had no visible or verbal reaction to the use of “he.”
He told himself it didn’t matter, that he was just looking to see if he would come. He was worried about him.
Do say hello to my brother when you see him tonight. SH
Also, for this chapter, I was practising withholding information from the reader that the POV character already knows to build suspense and curiosity. Hope it worked! I plan on including a fair amount of it in my next novel.
It was the night he’d confirmed that the one and only person on Earth that could possibly know him-
“Of course not,” he scoffed, purely insulted at the insinuation. “This is
Slowly, Sherlock’s hands fell from below his nose to rest on his knees, his knuckles white with the tension of gripping them.
“Lestrade, you ass.”
The flat was empty in more ways than one. It was home, he should have been overwhelmed with joy and comfort to return to the location of the happiest moments of his life. Without John, however, the flat was nothing more than an accumulation of dust and painful reminders of his previous life.
But it was a silent night at 221B.
Try to sleep, spiral. Try to compose music, spiral. Try to move on, spiral.
Philip was the last to exit, his gaze narrow and suspicious upon both of them as he took an exit that was too slow, too careful.
“He doesn't know. I love him more dearly than any combination of infinite words could express. To leave him for the war will be the most terrible and trying task of my life. I will miss him every moment until I return. But I'm watching every man around me get shipped off to war. Where is their brother-in-law to protect them? I can't live knowing that I did nothing while my relatives, classmates, coworkers all pay the ultimate sacrifice. But... there will be no convincing Sherlock. You know that. He'll be furious with me if I go voluntarily and if something happens… he'll be furious with me for my choice the rest of his life. It has to look like I was drafted- like I had no choice.”
The touch sparked a movement in him, his head turning quickly from John’s face to his hesitant fingers and back again. “John,” he said, surprised to find himself in his presence despite arriving at the venue together.
“Exactly?” Sherlock thought hard, selecting the very few words available that could portray the sentiment he was experiencing. “I mean that I would rather die this instant than live any form of a life without you. You are- you always will be- the only thing of importance in this world. You are, and always will be, the love of my life.”
“Hey! Aren’t I precious, too?” Billy asks.
He turns the corner; he can
“I never even properly thanked you. I just moved on with Mary and expected you to fit right in, and here I was, grieving you, feeling so
John smiles at him warmly and takes his hands, running them under the tap for him, then drying them off.  He takes the corner of the towel and wets it, then uses it to clean off their chests, and Sherlock just watches, his heart overflowing with things he doesn’t know how to process or understand, his heartbeat loud in his ears.
John turns on the news while they eat leftover Indian from the night before, and Sherlock listens disinterestedly as they describe a murder in SoHo, a young woman killed while she was walking home alone from a bar at three AM.
John treads water and closes his eyes. He tries to relax, but the woman sitting on the rock near him is the same one who stole Sherlock’s soul because she wanted a present from John. He remembers that day very well, especially the anger he felt because Sherlock would treat his life so frivolously.
, and he hasn’t felt this way in as long as he can remember, so he turns around and regards the strange man again.
But of course, John stands and approaches. His jaw is set and he has the gait of a soldier, and Sherlock does his best to keep his own posture firm, to not give in to the twisting of his insides, but it’s getting hard.
“Can’t you – can’t you just not pay me in exchange?” John asks.
Oh Christ, he hadn’t meant to say that, he’d meant to soften the number of kills, but here he is, horrifying John, letting him down. He feels his hand start to shake and he starts to let it fall from John’s face, but John takes it in his. Sherlock’s eyes fly open to meet John’s, and John is warm, solid, holding his hand against his face, his thumb sliding against Sherlock’s.
“Oh,” John says, a little uncomfortable. “It’s –“
The next morning, Sherlock wakes up and can’t seem to uncrinkle his nose or unfurrow his brow. He manages to sit up, and then grimaces against the onslaught of dizziness and the splitting headache. He wraps his sheet around himself and forces himself to stand, then staggers out of his room, wincing against the bright sunlight when he gets to the sitting room.
“It’s been a few years,” John says defensively.
John is surprised to find out about one of Sherlock's rather unexpected hobbies.
He plays through it, though, and spends some time in first position, then goes up to second, ignoring the clumsiness of the simple transition between positions he’d mastered over thirty years ago, telling himself it will smooth itself out as he plays.
“Oi,” John says, laughing, nudging Sherlock’s long leg with his foot. “Don't sleep down there. You have a bed.”
“Why don’t you go back to being an Auror?” Sherlock asks. “You think your job is boring.”
“Er, right,” John says, adjusting his grip so he’s cradling the skull in his hand. “Sorry about that.”
Something changes on John’s face. “Sherlock,” he says. His voice is patient and low. He takes a step closer, and Sherlock’s entire body feels as if it’s buzzing with electricity even though they’re not touching. He swallows, looks at John’s hands, imagines them on his waist, imagines them held in his own. He shakes his head and takes a step back, looks up at John with something like panic in his eyes. His heart is pounding.
He’s just thinking about stopping for some takeaway on the way home when he’s interrupted by a knock on his door. It’s Mary, balancing a large stack of patient files in one arm.
“You’re certainly not shy,” the woman says, “But you’re worried about a relationship right now.”
?” John asks, beginning to grow impatient.
The man regards him for a moment, then speaks. “It’s inevitable,” he repeats, his voice unexpectedly sharp. His eyes narrow on John as he sets his pipe down on a table near the couch, and then he sits up in one quick movement, his previously indolent body suddenly pulsing with energy. He shifts with a rustle of his dressing gown and then he’s situated in the center of the couch, leaning forward, elbows on his knees and hands pressed together like he’s praying, leaning his head against the tip of his index fingers. He’s staring straight at John with an intensity John is not accustomed to. “Also, the door is a barrier.”
She smiles, picking up a newspaper on her side table and waving it a bit. “The paper says it’ll be clear all day. Nice weather we’ve been having recently, isn’t it?”
“You’re sure you can do it?” John asks before he lies down.
surprised that she thought Billy was just a toy from the Halloween store.”
“But I can’t –”
He swallows shakily and carefully sets the violin down, then reaches into his case to remove his bow. Carefully, he tightens it to the tension he desires, and then he rosins it, the bow strangely familiar and yet unfamiliar in his hands.
Sherlock enters the living room a moment later, and John hears him talk to Mycroft.
When they get to the edge, John’s limbs feel like lead weights and they shake with exhaustion. He feels dehydrated and cold and sick, but he can see the bright light of the sun up ahead filtering through the thinning layer of trees, and he swallows, his throat raw like sandpaper, hope flaring in his chest. He closes his eyes, reaching out in his mind to feel the tenuous connection to the hundreds of spirits of the forest.
“Sherlock!” Uncle Augustus says. He sets his many packages down, crouches down, and holds his arms out, and Sherlock rushes forward, sure Mycroft and Mummy are having a coronary because he’s running again, but he doesn’t care. He lets Uncle Augustus hug him and ruffle his hair, and exclaim over how tall he’s gotten, and he finds he doesn’t really mind; Uncle Augustus is the only member of their family who isn’t dull, after all.
“Oi!” Billy says. “I’m not a bloody ball!”
The situation is surreal and John feels a sense of panic rise within him. He resists the urge to breathe and keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock’s, which are squinting in joy. It helps to ground him, and he watches as Sherlock’s hair swirls around his face, as the collar of his shirt drifts weightlessly up his long, pale neck, as his grin widens, and some of his panic recedes. He knows Sherlock won’t let him drown here. Sherlock releases one of John’s hands and points to the surface, then turns away to swim upward with one arm, the other tight around John’s wrist to lead him.
Sherlock takes the parcel and sets it down, opening it by hand rather than magic since he has guests.
“I don’t know,” John says with a shrug. “You don’t seem to care about other people’s approval.”
“Alright?” John asks.
on purpose?” Sherlock asks, so testily that John can’t help but wonder at the fact that he very clearly
Arthur shakes his head. “I’m an old man,” he says. “I have an immune system of steel.”
“You are a marvel, John Watson,” Sherlock says. He smiles, soft and small. “I’m so glad you finally see how important you are.”
“I can’t – I won’t last,” Sherlock says desperately.
John winces at the thought, but his back is pain free. He frowns, unsure. “But –”
John laughs at the unexpected response and the memory, leaning against Sherlock and chuckling, and Sherlock smiles, his hands twisting into John’s shirt, pulling him flush against him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “It has containment spells on it. It won’t contaminate anything.”
“Sorry about that,” Angelo says.  “My boy likes to collect interesting treasures.”
“I want –” Sherlock swallows, lets the feeling of John’s cheek beneath his fingertips, of John’s knee against his, of John’s breath against his lips, ground him. “Stay. Forever. Promise me.”
“Eternity?” John mumbles, but Sherlock rubs his hand on his back and shifts closer, his thigh pressing against John’s. John sighs and lets his hand fall from his face, lets his head drop to Sherlock’s shoulder and buries his face in it. He hears Mycroft leave, but he keeps his eyes closed, still trying to process what’s happening.
?” John interrupts.
He’s not sure what he’s expecting, but what he sees is certainly not it.  In front of him is a vast meadow, extending as far as his eyes can see, colorful wildflowers growing freely amongst tall grass.  The sky is blue and clear, and a light breeze ruffles his hair.  There is a tall oak tree next to a pond, and the woman from earlier is sitting underneath it.  The glowing cupcake is cupped in her hands, and John feels his heart start to pound.  His eyes widen and he steps forward, slowly at first, then quicker and quicker until he reaches the tree.
They’re freezing cold against his back as they get closer and closer to him. Even in the muggy warmth of July, the cold is far from pleasant. He swallows hard as he steps forward, and a sweat breaks out on his already clammy skin as he feels one of them make contact with his back, a solid presence despite its form, which appears to be made of something akin to thick smoke. He dares a glance over his shoulder as he staggers forward and he sees a large eye staring back at him on top of a mouth full of sharp, pointed teeth, solid amongst its foggy body. He’s not sure what would happen if those teeth manage to grab hold of him, and his body is shaking as the mass of spirits comes closer to join the one already attached to him. He’s not willing to find out.
“There’s no need,” Sherlock replies. “Anyway, John, I won’t have mobile service, but if I need you, I’ll call the landline.”
Finally freed from the confines of Mycroft’s fingers, Sherlock scowls. “Herbert’s making meringues,” he says, crossing his arms over his chest.
“He’s not
“You’ll get tired,” Sherlock says.
“What happens if wishes and payments aren’t balanced?” John asks.
The man is silent for a moment, thinking. “I don’t really have one,” he finally says. He frowns as John comes out of the kitchen with a tea tray. John sets a cup on the table beside the customer and hands the other to Sherlock, then heads back to the kitchen, eager to watch the proceedings with Mrs. Hudson and Billy.
“Er, Sherlock -”
“Clearly, you’ve just returned from military service in Afghanistan. Haircut, posture, tan lines – it’s
“He seems angry,” Billy tells Sherlock.
“I don’t think she was that bad,” John says, struggling to keep up with Sherlock’s angry, long-legged stride.
It’s a warm summer day, and Sherlock is lying in the cool grass, enjoying the soft rustling texture against his skin, watching in delight as a flitterby moth flies overhead, its magic warm and soft, trailing behind it in pale twinkling lights Sherlock’s learned not to describe, lest Mummy tell him he’s daft. He reaches his small hand up and lets his fingers drift through its trail, giggling when the flitterby brushes against him.
“Sherlock,” John repeats. His voice is softer, but he sounds worried. He reaches out and takes hold of Sherlock’s wrist, and Sherlock startles, jumping a bit at the touch. John’s hand is warm and steady, but it’s not helping his nerves. Sherlock feels exposed again, exposed and raw, but John takes a step closer, tugging on Sherlock’s wrist to keep him in place.
“That was intense, hmm?” John asks.  He’s grinning, and his eyes are bright and he looks rather proud of himself. Sherlock adores him –
Calmly, Sherlock raises his bow, and the athletic center is silent.  He sets his arrow, and the sound of creaking wood as he pulls it back echoes through the vast hall.  And then, calmly, as if he’s doing nothing that requires any effort or concentration at all, he lets go, and the arrow shoots directly into the center of the target.
John looks at him, his mouth slightly open. “You - ”
lungs expanding; this is
“Yes,” John says. “Mary. Mary Morstan. We’ll be working together.”
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice rough and low. “You –” He stops and clears his throat, tugs on Sherlock’s hair again, and Sherlock goes boneless. “Touch yourself,” John says.
“You – really?” John asks. It’s strange; he doesn’t think he should trust this man, and yet, something inside of him says it’s okay, and he’s not sure what to do.
Sherlock smiles, love curling around her heart and gripping tightly. “Half of it,” she says.
special, and he never wants to let it go. “Thank you,” he breathes, admiring the elaborate details on the buttons, running his fingers over the intricately carved details.
“He can see ghosts and spirits,” Sherlock interrupts. He’s watching Mary carefully. “Have you ever seen one?”
“Yeah,” the man says. “I have.”
By the time they’re back to the meadow, John is sweaty and out of breath, and his hand slides out of Sherlock’s easily. He puts his hands on his knees and breathes heavily for a minute, looking up at Sherlock. Sherlock grins and then they’re both laughing again, despite their shortness of breath.
The door is a deep, matte black, carved with decorative filigree. At first, the markings look like ivy, but when he looks closer, he can see that there are spiders depicted within it, and he shivers. The door is ominous, but he has no choice.
,” he says, voice starting to rise.
John tangles their fingers together without taking his eyes away from Sherlock’s. “What are you thanking me for? I just laid there,” he says.
“I should think you’d be pleased to have this back in your possession,” Mycroft says, gesturing towards the tube.
. Something like hope flutters in his stomach, but he pushes it down, and goes to get his coat.
“Have you filed that away under ‘appropriate responses to uncomfortable situations’ in your mind palace, then? Have you actually thought about how I must feel, about how I’ve been feeling-”
“What about you?” John asks, turning to him, eager to know more about Sherlock’s past.
John rubs a hand over his face.  “A promising opportunity for what?”
, Sherlock!”
Sherlock stares at him, and for a moment, he looks as if he’s going to cry, but the moment passes quickly. John squeezes his hand again, gently, tiredness pulling at him.
“You,” Sherlock says, narrowing his eyes and pressing his fingertips closer to his chin. “You can see spirits and ghosts. They follow you; they never leave you alone. They’ve done so since you were a child. But that’s because of the blood in your veins, John Watson. It draws them to you.”
John pulls away for a moment, and Sherlock is relieved to see that John looks just as undone as he, himself, feels. “Alright?” John asks. His lips are flushed red and he’s breathing heavily.
“Sorry, sorry,” he finally gasps, his voice harsh and grating. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock smiles, sitting down with a flounce of his dressing gown. “Mrs. Hudson, please put this away,” he says, holding his hand out to the old woman. She steps forward and sets the tray down on the side table, then takes the dog tags from Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He’s doing his best to keep his expression aloof, but John can see the way his eyes keep going back to the tube, and the way his hands are curled in his lap, and John knows he’s excited for this. Still, though, John’s not sure what they’re talking about.
John feels as if he might pass out or throw up as the rush of questions float over his ears.
John swings both legs over the couch easily, but doesn’t take time to dwell. Instead, he stands on his own two legs without his cane and doesn’t even take a moment to rejoice (
“A disorder?” John asks.
John wants to hear it over and over and over. He shifts and tugs on Sherlock’s hand until he can pull him down the hallway to the bedroom. John pulls him inside, their fingers laced together, and Sherlock follows, cups John’s face as soon as they’re standing beside the bed, ducks his head down for a kiss. John kisses him back and the feeling of Sherlock’s skin beneath his hands is intoxicating, but he pulls away from the kiss, winding his fingers into Sherlock’s hair to keep him close. “You’re stunning,” John murmurs, eyes sweeping over Sherlock’s cheeks, flushed with desire. Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed and he kisses John again, short and sweet.
“You have me,” John confirms, voice soft.
“How is it better?” John asks, frustrated.  “I wanted to see Mary.”  He pauses, and then hastily adds, “Don’t answer that.  Just don’t.”
John’s thumbs slide back and forth over Sherlock’s hands. He doesn’t say anything, just looks up at Sherlock, and Sherlock can’t look away, can’t move. He is frozen to the spot, his mind spinning in circles, taking in useless data he can’t read. He feels his breath hitch, feels his entire body long to take a step closer to John, but he doesn’t dare.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “If anyone has a need for the shop, it’s John. He belongs there. It’s preparing him for what lies ahead.”
An old man is standing next to the steps of 221B, staring up at the building in confusion. He doesn’t reply to John, so John clears his throat. “Sorry, sir, can I help you?” John asks again, and this time, the old man looks up. He looks at John with raised eyebrows before looking to the left and right, seeing no one nearby, and then pointing to himself questioningly, looking back at John. John nods.
Sure enough, by the time they leave, the sky is clear, and the moon is reflected in the puddles they walk through on their way out to the main road.
Sherlock frowns. The night had been magical and beautiful and somehow, he still can’t believe it’s happened. “But what if something happens? What if you turn back into a nutcracker?”
“Mary,” Sherlock says. “Do you remember–”
Sherlock shrugs. “Life or death situations, that sort of thing.”
John snorts. “I guess so, yeah.”
But then he thinks of those long fingers on his face, and then he thinks of his own hand on Sherlock’s, and then he imagines Sherlock looking at him in shock and being jerked backwards into darkness, and something deep in his chest twists.
“John,” Sherlock replies. He looks sad. “You don’t have to-”
“Cheers,” John says, holding up his glass to Sherlock. Sherlock holds his own out and their glasses clink, and they both take a long sip.
After ten minutes that feel like torturous hours, he feels frustration welling inside him. He doesn’t
He starts to hear voices, low and indistinct, voices that he knows belong to spirits. He remembers distantly that he’s supposed to be thinking of his appreciation for them, and so he thinks of the nectar he drank, of how delicious it tasted, and how magical that evening was when he’d gone to the parade of spirits with Sherlock. He tries not to think of the spirits trying to eat him, and instead thinks of them clearing a path for him and Sherlock to reach the great tree. He desperately pushes the fearful thoughts that rise up inside of him away, forces them out of his mind, but they keep distracting him.
“I love you,” John says before he can stop himself. “God, I love you.” The words are surprisingly easy to say standing so close to Sherlock, his thumb pressed against Sherlock’s lips, feeling Sherlock’s body tremble with repressed emotion. “You’re a bloody idiot sometimes, but I love you.”
John’s heart is still racing, but he can’t help but shoot Sherlock an annoyed glance at that proclamation. After all, there’s only one new male friend in his life. Sherlock grins at him and John rolls his eyes.
, but things are different now, and John’s clearly not in his best emotional state, and Sherlock can’t bear to see John switch to
John keeps his hand where it is for a moment and watches Redbeard, surprised that he feels more relaxed with the little pipefox on his arm. He feels both his frustration with Sherlock and his mild shock slip away now that they’re home and safe and things have sunken in a bit. He glances up at Sherlock, feeling unaccountably fond. “Did you know that’s what would happen when you gave me that arrow?” he asks.
“Less than a year ago,” John says. “It’s been…god, it was hard coming back. I had a terrible bedsit I hated being in and no friends. I was miserable and lonely. To be honest, I’ve always been lonely, ever since I was a kid. But it’s a different kind of loneliness when you come back.” He pauses and clears his throat. He hasn’t admitted this out loud, not really, but he thinks this old man knows what it’s like. He furrows his brow and trains his eyes on the ground. “I had nothing here, nothing to live for. It wasn’t…it wasn’t good. I felt like I had no place in this world, nothing to live for. Wasn’t sure I wanted to live.”
. I can give them things you never will; I can give them people to torment, games to play, whatever they want. Do you really think they’d come in here and attack
“I think the answer to that is fairly obvious,” he says, looking at John in disappointment.
John shudders, not wanting to imagine it. “And you – were you there the whole time? In his house?”
“Is this real?” John asks a moment later, voice muffled.
“So why didn’t he just do – whatever he does and get there some other way?” John asks.  His palms feel sweaty and he’s not sure why.
“Precisely,” Sherlock says. In spite of himself, he smiles, and when their eyes meet, they’re both giggling, as naturally as they breathe. Sherlock feels his smile grow, feels something inside him lock into place. He f eels less outside of himself, less unsure, and he takes a step towards the kitchen.
Sherlock is still for a moment, staring at the puddle, hands sweaty around his violin. He sets it down slowly, carefully, and then remains where he’s standing, trying to work his mind around what it’s uncovered.
John snorts. “Yeah, alright,” he says.
“Very rare to find a nutcracker like this,” Uncle Augustus tells him. “It’s a heavy wood under that paint, and you can see all the details are carved in, not just painted. I fixed some of the carvings up because when I found him, he was a little beat up. But he’s special, isn’t he?”
“You need to calm down if you want to help him,” Mycroft says with infuriating steadiness. “Let’s go upstairs and I’ll explain.”
, and it’s hinting at a conclusion he doesn’t want to see. But still, his mind is spinning, recalling moments where John’s eyes lingered too long on Sherlock’s body, where John had looked at him with a soft gaze of understanding he’d never received before, where John had-
“I don’t have a girlfriend,” John says. “It’s just me.”
Sherlock nods, his chin quivering, and Mycroft stands, holding his hand out for Sherlock to take. Sherlock ignores it and crawls out of bed, making his way down the hall until he gets to Mummy’s room. He quietly pushes the door open, Mycroft behind him, and he rushes over to the shelf where he knows the nutcracker will be, but his eyes widen when he sees that it isn’t there. He looks up at Mycroft, who frowns. “Maybe Daddy took him to Uncle Augustus,” Mycroft says.
John ignores the jealousy swirling in his stomach and watches as the next competitor enters the performing area.  It’s Sherlock, and everything about him is completely different from the other athletes.
Tobias Gregson was a massive fellow. With muscled arms and a wide stance, his intimidating appearance was made no better by the expression of bitter anger that was plastered on his features. He was probably, at some point in his life, a handsome man. Life had been cruel to the once pleasant features; his nose sat too close to his face at an unnatural angle, his left eye was limp with injured tissue, and his mouth was scarred on one side to lend him the appearance of a permanent scowl. Distantly, John wondered whether the injuries were a result of one incident or if the injuries were obtained during separate, isolated events.
Quite right. Perhaps I should get involved in the matter.
Sherlock put every effort into not letting the words impact him. However, try as he might, it was no use. The words sunk deep within him, compassion and joy growing in his heart at the words.
A gulp was audible through the space between them, his hand clenching around the items in his left hand a few times. “I’m sorry I called you a machine.”
“Fine,” he conceded. “Three weeks ago, then. Still, I already knew.”
John opened his mouth to respond but didn’t fully trust himself not to backpedal. Instead, he closed his mouth and gave a curt, professional nod.
Inside was warm, mellow, and more welcoming that he could have imagined. It was as though he’d gotten home from a long day, as though he’d returned to a place of great importance from his past. It was the first instance of joy he’d felt at all since returning home from the war.
The woman hustled to grip the proper size cup and pulled on the tab to release steaming coffee into it. When it was nearly spilling from the lip, she expertly snapped a lid on top and handed it to the man with a professional smile on her face.
“Yes,” he said, not an ounce of shame in the admission.
The next chapter is the very first scene I ever wrote for this fic. Stay tuned.
John was barely holding onto any understanding of Sherlock’s stream of consciousness, though he understood that Sherlock was speaking more for himself than for John’s own understanding.
“Hey, can’t we provide you with feedback for your role on them keys?” asked Greg with a mischievous smile toward the end of their fifth practice.
,” he imagined saying to Greg when they found Sherlock’s body.
He sprinted with impossible speed through his Mind Palace until he reached the exit. With an excited push on the door, he came back to reality with a rock of his body, his eyes fluttering open to behold the most beautiful sight in the universe: John.
John drinks eggnog and admires Sherlock's new Christmas attire.
He ran through it again: Her husband had an alibi. Unbreakable. Her parents were too foolish to have pulled off a sticker, nevertheless a murder. Her friends, too, were all innocent. Not one person close to her had seen anything peculiar in company nor behaviour. Yet it only seemed possible that she had known them. She’d died without a struggle, been peacefully strangled, neatly suffocated. Why would she not try to live? No history of mental illness, no major life disruptions that could have caused a depressive episode, and many people in her life worth staying alive for. No suspicious withdrawals from her bank that would hint at a paid job.
Surprise! This chapter is based on two songs from Bandstand. The first being, obviously, Love Will Come And Find Me Again, which you can find on Spotify
Tomorrow's prompt: Memories
The eggnog, topped with a dusting of delectable nutmeg, was offering the world around him a glow of diminished details. The flat was decorated with traces of the holiday season that warmed John’s heart, but none more than the sight of Sherlock in a festive sweater. Mostly black with an evergreen fuzzy Christmas tree, the shirt was decorated with real jingle bells disguised as ornaments.
Without warning, Sherlock’s body jerked to the side, throwing John slightly off-balance. With mere beginnings of protest, Sherlock was rolling over beneath John’s legs to face him directly. Under any ordinary situation, John would have been pleased to be straddling the man and staring into those impossibly coloured eyes. Now, however, he noted the smear of blue and gold that trailed beneath him and felt indignation at the blasé disregard of John’s work of art.
“Whatever it is you’re not telling me.” Sherlock’s shoulders were squared, his eyes wide to reflect the last few struggling rays of sunlight outside. His apartment was dim, the air stagnant, the atmosphere tense and unsure.
“Hurry up!” barked Sherlock from several feet ahead of him. John, irate with self-consciousness when his feet failed to carry him quickly enough, sped up to a light jog. Why was Sherlock so tall?
“You mean besides the fact that you’re a massive git?” The words were harsh, but there was a hint of a smile that fed his bravery.
angst, in my opinion) chapter with the following trigger warnings:
The deep breath was knocked out of him in an instant, his whole body crumbling to the floor as something ran into him at full speed. “What the-” he shouted before hitting the floor with a painful thump. Face on the floor, he strained his neck to see who the hell had just tackled him.
“You know, Sherlock, I quite like it,” John said lazily, smiling over the edge of his cup, nearly empty of its liquid.
people didn’t like him.
In light of the truth shared at last, John tells the band of Sherlock's song and his idea to modify it for the upcoming competition.
“Afraid not,” she said with a shake of her head. “He’s no longer in the picture.”
“Hey,” snapped Lestrade. “There’s no need-”
They couldn’t afford a trip to London. A hotel. A train. All the other tiny expenses that would prevent them from going.
It appalled him even now, John’s cruelty. His rapid and merciless execution of all hopes Sherlock had ever been foolish enough to maintain.
John laughed, imagining the screeching that would incur if he attempted to sing this particular piece. “Yeah, of course it’ll be Sherlock.”
When they reach the area Mary had mentioned, there aren’t many people around, which John is grateful for. “I’ve brought a blanket,” John says, kneeling down to take it out of the tote bag. He pointedly ignores the skull in the bag and hopes Mary hasn’t seen it.
people did, not something anyone would want to do with him. Nevertheless, he and John are giggling and chatting as they make their way home, and John seems delighted by almost everything Sherlock says. It’s a strange, heady feeling, and Sherlock can’t keep the small smile on his lips away, nor would he want to.
“He’s really something, isn’t he?” Mary says as they wait for the next competitor to start.
“He seems excited,” Mrs. Hudson remarks with a wink at Sherlock.
Mary is quiet for a moment, eyes trained on her tea, and then she looks up at him shrewdly. “But John has a need for your shop?” she asks, eyes searching his.
Sherlock smiles. It’s soft and a bit sad. “Because you chose her, John. You make the world you live in.”
Sherlock stares at him and then sits beside him. He looks like he wants to reach out for John, but he hesitates, unsure.
“It’s just – she’s quite lovely and kind, and sometimes it seems like she’s interested, but other times, it really doesn’t,” John admits.  “But…it’s alright, really.  I mean, I’m obviously interested in her, but if she just wants to be friends…well, that’s alright, I suppose.”
John smiles, though he can’t help the laugh that bubbles up his throat and he looks away for a moment, shocked by the apparent non-sequitur but at the same time, recognizing it for what it is. He turns back, a heady feeling washing over him, his vision the tiniest bit blurry. “Should I start calling you Will, then?” he asks, his voice low and a bit choked, a smile he can’t contain stretching over his lips.
He drags himself up the stairs to the flat, massaging his shoulder as best he can as he goes. It doesn’t really help against the pain, but it makes him feel as if he’s doing something about it, which is better than nothing.
John smiles a soft, affectionate smile, and Sherlock’s stomach flutters. He feels goosebumps rise over his flesh because he’s so sure that he’s reading this wrong, that he can’t possibly be understanding this correctly, but John leans forward and kisses him.
“You’re not going to ask what happened?” John asks. “That’s it? Just like that, you already know?”
“Christ,” John says. He takes another sip of beer, then a deep breath, then puts on a smile that isn’t quite right and turns back to Sherlock. “It’s alright,” he says.
- but he presses his face into John’s neck instead, allowing himself this selfish indulgence, hoping to ease the flood of emotion, to ground himself into reality. He doesn’t even realize he’s shaking until John starts to rub a hand up and down his back, sending shivers over him, his flesh breaking out in goose pimples. He’s not sure anyone’s ever held him like this, and the twisting thing inside of him is threatening to spill over.
“I guess it’s kind of neat, isn’t it?” John asks.
Sherlock chuckles and exchanges a glance with the skull. “I suppose you could call it that. Anyway, John, shouldn’t you get to the shops? Why don’t you take Billy with you?”
She gestures towards the house, and Sherlock and John follow, Sherlock sending John a grin when he catches his eye.
She frowns, and it looks for a moment as if she’s going to cry.
“It’s
an Auror. I keep telling you.”
“Don’t apologize, John, it’s dull,” he says.
“Go on,” Sherlock says. Surprisingly, he’s not bothered.
“Budge up,” he says, and Sherlock obediently bends his knees so John can sit on the couch. John sets the bag and cutlery down on the table next to what looks like a large paper lantern, though the material is too thick and smooth to be paper. “What’s this, then?” John asks, pointing to it.
“Er, hello?” he calls, feeling a bit strange calling out to someone in what appears to be a room devoid of human presence. “Anyone down here?”
“I almost wish she would’ve told me more,” John says, his hands in his pockets.
“John, you should know…it wasn’t your fault,” Sherlock says after a moment. He sounds uncomfortable and a bit stiff.
He walks back to where Sherlock and Billy are sitting, looking up at the clear sky as he goes, but then stops short when he glances ahead and sees Sherlock licking chocolate frosting off his thumb.
“John,” Sherlock says again, and oh god, he hadn’t meant to speak. His voice is raw again. He hadn’t meant to, he really hadn’t, but he’s losing control fast. “John, you should – you should go,” he says, but he squeezes his eyes closed because he doesn’t mean it, he
Without thinking, he lets his fingers drift through Sherlock’s hair, the soft curls winding themselves around his fingers. Sherlock turns his head suddenly, blinking up at John.
She stares at it and there’s a brief moment, just a second too long, where John is left wondering if he’s made a mistake, but then she smiles and loops her arm through his.  “I’ve never been to an archery tournament before,” she says.  “It was actually pretty interesting.”
John stops walking and just stares at Sherlock for a moment. “What…yes, you’re right, we had dinner and wine with Mary. And you just – you just told her
There’s a house up ahead, a large manor-like estate in a perfectly round clearing. The clearing is lined with a circle of what has to be hundreds of brightly colored hydrangeas, all in vibrant full bloom. John and Sherlock step through the only gap in the hydrangeas onto a stone pathway that leads to the front door. The pathway is lined with daffodils, just like the ones on the urn they’d travelled through.
John glances down at the fast traffic below, but follows nonetheless, laughing a bit as he settles in beside Sherlock on the roof.
“You’re welcome,” Molly says.  “You can do it, John, just stay focused.”
John breaks the kiss and carefully lines himself up and he pushes in, going steadily in until he’s all the way.  John groans and Sherlock tilts his head back, squeezing his eyes closed and breathing shallowly, trying to keep himself under control, but it’s so much, and even though it’s only been a few hours since they’ve done this last, it feels like he’s coming home after years away, like everything is slotting into place, like electricity, like fire, like magic, and he squeezes his fingers into John’s back, holding him close, trying to calm himself.
Sherlock’s doesn’t know what to do; this is not how this is supposed to go.   They’re supposed to snipe at each other then ignore it and go back to usual tomorrow, not apologize or
John closes his eyes. His heart is pounding, and he knows Sherlock can feel it, but he doesn’t care. “You’re all I have,” he says. “And all I need.”
Suddenly, cars are coming fast, turning onto the street and unable to see the crosswalk, and without warning, John covers his mouth with his hands and watches as the inevitable happens. A truck comes fast around the corner, slams on its brakes, but can’t avoid the man. Phil Anderson gets hit, and the ring flies out of his hand in an arc, hitting the pavement with an innocent little ding not far from John’s feet. His hand shaking, he picks it up and puts it in his pocket.
“Sherlock?” John asks.
He opens his eyes a moment later, and he feels a flush of something like embarrassment wash over him. “Why are you looking at me like that?” he asks John. His heart is beating a little bit faster, but he ignores it, takes a sip of wine.
“Sherlock,” John breathes. “What – what you just said. It’s only just – what do you
Anderson grins. “Yeah, got a new girlfriend. A lawyer! She gave me this for my last birthday.”
“Alright?” John asks him again.
“What-”
Sherlock makes an interested sound in his throat and his brows raise a fraction.
“Only a minute or two?” John asks, brow furrowed. “He’s really not far, then.” His body is already thrumming in anticipation, and he begins to wonder if this is going to be easier than he thought.
For some reason, Sherlock’s quiet understanding is worse,
Sherlock stands and feels himself sway a little bit. John reaches out and steadies him.
“Alright,” Sherlock confirms. It comes out more like a murmur than he’d intended, and he lets his hands rest feather light on John’s waist. He rubs his thumbs over John’s hips, and feels undone by the fact that he’s allowed to.
“It’s still hurt,” Sherlock says, worried.
“Sherlock?” Mummy asks. “Are you alright? Did you have a nightmare?”
“Stay in this building?” John says incredulously. “Is he hiding under the kitchen table, then? Hmm? Should I be looking under the bloody
and a gentle and nurturing
John shakes his head. “No – Sherlock you – it’s not that.” John stops, takes a deep breath, and straightens, looking at Sherlock attentively, his face settling into something less anxious and more focused. Sherlock can’t read his facial expression. “You care,” John says. “Why do you care?”
The man frowns. “Right. Er, thanks, I guess,” he says, leaving his barely touched tea on the table and standing up. He heads towards the door, and Sherlock doesn't follow him, he just watches him go through narrowed eyes.
“It’s just a competition!”
Through his furious disbelief at Sherlock, he saw something fade in Mary’s eyes. Whether it was the fact that this strange man had ruined the mood or that the frozen surprise had sobered her up a bit as it had John, she looked distinctly cold.
Wiggins doesn't remember his past.
“You have to sing-”
That could work. No truth, just a question. But then what about when they were
Or perhaps he wanted to scream his truth. Perhaps he wanted to walk out of here and unapologetically be the person laying starved deep inside him. Perhaps what he really wanted was permission to drop his charade.
Quick anecdote:
can't say them. I try to say one and accidentally say the other. Or it comes out as simple nonsense. I just can't seem to get my mouth around them. Hooray for author commentary!)
Those eyes held all the beauty of the galaxy and just as much emptiness in that moment. His irises were blank, wrought with an apathy that hurt more than retaliation ever could.
“Don’t have to tell me twice!” he responded with a wink and took more than a sip of his amber beverage.
Sherlock's muddled mind could only manage a continued glare in response.
John tried again. “What’s going on?”
“What if he opens a door that I can’t close?” continued Sherlock, his eyes penetrating deep within John soul. “What if when he sees me- really sees me- he wants to again?”
“Yes,” panted Sherlock in response.
“No, he’s right,” said Sholto, surprising everyone with his uncharacteristic insertion. “No, not you, Gregson. Watson’s right. The war brought us together just like the contest did. But we didn’t only fight for the war and we don’t play only for the grand prize. I, for one, have placed immense value on the non-musical benefits that this band offers in light of disappointments in other areas of my life.”
If John hadn’t been plagued by insomnia for the entirety of the past two months since he returned to this ruddy flat, he would have either slept through the boisterous pounding his wooden door was receiving or otherwise been royally pissed off that someone had woken him up in the middle of the night with their incessant pounding on his door.
“Yes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John ignored his stiff demeanour, rising from his seat and disposing of the daily paper he’d been reading. “Is it a case?” Sherlock remained silent, his wordless response a thunderous confirmation in his ears. “Right,” John said mechanically. He resented that this was now the third case in a row that Sherlock had undergone alone. John, it turned out, had gotten accustomed to the thrill of accompanying him on those wild adventures.  “And you weren’t going to tell me?”
Time was inane. It could have been one second or seventeen weeks or ninety-seven years later when Mycroft crossed to the door to leave Sherlock alone- completely alone.
“Coffee,” he said at the cashier, already disinterested in any small talk she could offer. “Two sugars.”
Sherlock craned his neck slightly to the right, his eyes tightening as he attempted to focus on some faraway object.
It happened in flashes: walking down the hallway, falling into place on stage, the announcers opening up the final scores from the judges, The Horns winning third place, the Supernova band winning second place, and, finally-
Tomorrow. Tomorrow would be different.
“Alright then, why couldn’t you have just- done both? Be smart and also fall in love with cute boys?”
When I’m listening, yes. SH
“No, I’ve never.”
She forced a smile while John put an immense amount of effort into hiding his. “Great, I’ll have it out as soon as I can,” she said through tight teeth.
“Sherlock,” hissed John through tight teeth before they were close enough for Wiggins to hear. “Is he high?”
The bartender silently obliged, a man whose face was forgotten the moment he turned away. John consumed the fresh liquid in an instant, wishing the dulled sensations could kick in as rapidly as he could drink it. He twirled the empty glass along the sticky countertop. The air was thick with sweat, the murmur of voices like a wall of pressure against his ears. It was too much, all of it.
“Are you comfortable?”
Without missing a beat, Mycroft brushed the suggestion aside. The war would be long- brutal. He wouldn't hear of it.
“I… don’t remember it,” laughed Sherlock, shaking his head and his eyes more alive than he’d ever seen them. “It was as though I fell asleep and sang the whole thing without consciousness.”
Leaning back in his seat, Lestrade took a long sip of his drink, his eyes remaining on Sherlock.
“Oh my, God-”
Sherlock barked with unexpected laughter, surprised to find himself in a cloud of blissful enjoyment.
OR on Dreamwidth:
“Ah.” Yes, his stomach definitely had a new home now. “And why’s that?”
No. Whisky. He needed whisky. He got up, thoughts of turning off the radio fading away with his desire to numb his thoughts. Scavenging the cupboards, he found merely one empty flask and one empty bottle, both mocking him with their broken promises. A final chord played with the cheery song when a low, soothing voice began to speak into the emptiness of John’s apartment.
“Oh, God no,” laughed John, shaking his head vigorously. “No, I couldn’t handle it.”
, if it's any consolation, I fought against my urge to write heavy angst and gave these two a happy ending.
,” Tobias snarled, “focus less on that damned flask-”
“Tell you what,” Sherlock said softly, speculatively. “Why don’t we practice tomorrow after our performance?”
Sherlock gave him a mischievous smile, long fingers toying with the rim of his barely-drunk glass.
The two collapsed back into comfortable silence but that evening was not the last appearance of Sherlock’s new footwear. Two nights later, he was walking around the kitchen in them, the fabric sliding ever so slightly off of his feet so that there was a length of fabric at the end of his toes flopping around with each step. He wasn’t sure if it was his imagination, but he looked rather like a penguin in them.
He saw John’s head snap up in the background, his hands rapidly releasing their grip on the bass drum to result in a sloppy, ugly reverberation and he was walking over in an instant, a tight smile on his face.
“You have to show me how you do that.”
, Sherlock,” drawled Mycroft when Sherlock was twelve and desperate to understand why he’d never had even one friend. “We’re brilliant, you and I. Everybody else only sees what the want to see but you and I see the truth.”
As always, find me on Tumblr:
“It’s one drink, Sherlock,” Lestrade implored, the words alight with exasperation.
“What?” he asked, a laugh shaking the words. “When?”
Context: this is an AU ficlet. John is 25, Sherlock is 22, they haven't met yet. Is 2.6K words still a ficlet?
The changed dynamic between them pained him in a way he could not express. It was sharp, unrelenting. John felt that he'd lost a friend- and in a way, he supposed he did.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, though the glisten in them revealed gentle intrigue, not scepticism. “You think so?”
The flat was in a right state; nearly nothing changed in the time since he’d been gone. The only notable change was the removal of any semblance of food from the place (the work of Mrs. Hudson going by the trace of hair sealed between the refrigerator door). However, the blankets remained folded in the same manner, the furniture was unmoved, and the telly was positioned in the same place. The same books were scattered, battered, and tossed over the same fixtures. The place was a disaster.
“Yes.” The heat of the whiskey was burning within him, a sense of lightness settling over him like a slow, slow pour of honey. Perhaps this, after all, was the source of Sherlock’s melting ice. Whatever was warming those eyes upon him, John was grateful. “Somehow, through all the grief and inability to return to normalcy, I find myself missing what it is to know a person.”
There was something in the air entering his lungs that made his heart leap for joy for receiving it. Together they ran through the streets of London, his scheme playing out perfectly as John followed suit without his walking stick. They were likely chasing a dead-end, but his soul and mind raced as though it were the end of the line. They ran toward a new beginning in a way Sherlock had never run. He ran from people, from places, from connections.
“I am honoured to be in the presence of such a noble man. Though you should know… I couldn’t bear your loss, John. I’d rather die myself.”
Sherlock raised his eyes to locate the source of the unfamiliar voice from where he was conducting some research for a case. Once he caught sight of the man, he was utterly helpless to look away. The lab, always dreary in its uneventful and quiet atmosphere, became the essence of radiance with the entrance of the gentleman who spoke those words. Sherlock was floored, baffled, positive in that moment that he’d never again be the same man that he’d been even one second earlier.
Because Sherlock knew- he somehow
It was always John Watson. Always the reason he stopped himself from creating a forced encounter with death. Always the reason he allowed the marching. Always the reason he saw a purpose in the march forward. Always the reason he fought against death.
“Yeah. But if you can work with his addiction, I know a guy.”
He strained his ears for any audible hint that the events of today were keeping Sherlock up, but it was a silent night at 221B. He imagined he could hear the snowflakes hit his bedroom window one by one, building on top of other, more resilient snowflakes. He imagined hearing footsteps pacing in tight circles, a physical manifestation that somehow helped Sherlock process the frantic activity of his own mind. He imagined a crackling fire being built in the sitting room, a source of warmth to accompany Sherlock as he sat awake.
And so they sat together, pounding the drinks until the pair were right and proper mates. Sherlock unabashedly snorted his Mai Tai out his nose when Lestrade cause an uproar of laughter with a spot-on impression of Anderson. Lestrade asked him to make deductions about the bartender and the pair fell over in giggles when he could only muster, “He is a man. He is… male,” after a solid minute of concentrating as hard as he could.
“Oh yeah?” sneered Greg with a wink at Wiggins, who choked back a laugh. “And why’s that?”
“What?” asked Sherlock, bewildered and mind racing at the apparent sudden turn of mood. “What do you mean?”
“Yes,” he said impatiently, practically stomping his feet. “That’s what I’ve been saying.”
?” declared Greg with mock indignanty.
His mouth wandered over the outline of Sherlock over the cloth, withholding the pleasure he knew Sherlock wanted to badly.
Where did it all go so wrong?
The influence of alcohol on the mind: never again would he underestimate the benefit of it.
When Zane started regularly speaking to him, even smiling at him as they passed each other in the hallways, Sherlock was terrified. What if Zane liked him? There could be no allowance for weakness in this place that could crumble apart at even the implication of his feelings for a boy. Even worse, what if Zane
Hooray! Thank you, thank you, thank you to EVERYONE! <3
“Oh, sure,” he responded, the word getting drawn out in clear disbelief.
Sorry for the late update. I am exhausted beyond reason and I sincerely cannot tell if this chapter makes any sense. I hope it does.
It was only by a small miracle that Lestrade was able to hear every word of this with no troubles. Even to his own ears, the words were a slurred nonsense.
When cases went well, he could forget his addiction- put a pause on all of it. When cases did not go well, it intensified his desire to fall under, to succumb to his biggest weakness. After all, what was he good for if not solving cases?
(See the end of the chapter for
Find me on Tumblr, if you fancy it:
All this time terrified to embrace his attraction to men, all this time forcing himself to be with only women, ignoring his attractions. He doubted he could have held himself back from the man that shared dinner with him that night. Across from that man, John had the best date of his life.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nonetheless,” Mycroft says. “There comes a point in life when you have to grow up, Sherlock.”
“Just a little,” John admits. “You –” John clears his throat and shifts in his chair. He looks away for a moment, then looks back with resolve on his face that Sherlock is unaccustomed to seeing directed at him. “That was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard,” he says. He pauses for a moment before continuing. “I haven’t heard you play in so long. That was – Christ, Sherlock, that was incredible. That was
John gapes at him. “Are you calling me selfish?”
Sherlock pushes John until he’s sitting back against the couch, then undoes the buttons of his shirt. “I’ll need to see your neck,” he murmurs.
John smiles, the corners of her eyes crinkling, and then they’re giggling, soft, warm, sweet.
“You should try anyway,” John says.  He rubs his leg along Sherlock’s again, slowly and deliberately this time.  “We can have another go when we wake up.”
John frowns in thought.  Sherlock is uncharacteristically serious, and he’s not sure how to take this.  John’s angry, yes, but something about the way Sherlock is looking at him makes him pause for a moment; for the first time since he’s known him, he sees Sherlock as vulnerable, and he’s not sure how to process this.
“What if,” Sherlock said so softly, John had to lean forward in his seat to hear it, “he doesn’t like me?”
” bellowed a voice from the entrance to the tent. It was loud enough, frantic enough to break Mycroft's concentration. He moved for the first time since they laid his body down and turned to see a short, filthy soldier running from bed to bed, his eyes wild with terror. Although his hair was covered with grime, Mycroft could see blond beneath.
Only when he collapsed did he release the letter, certain he couldn’t bear to imagine his fingers where his husband’s once were any longer. He allowed the letter to fall in sweeping patterns in the air, the thrilling journey taking too long as is floated to settle in front of him. Yet he wasn’t paying attention to its journey or landing place.
“And?” he prompted after some time.
This, apparently, was not enough of a connection to warrant any furthering of their relationship to Sherlock.
(Victor meant so much to both of them and I didn't expect that realization to be so sad.)
And there was the heart of John’s artistic vision: the scars were not ugly, they were a portion of the tree- of Sherlock- and where a portion of the trees life- of part of Sherlock’s life.
“I’m glad you like them,” John responded with no judgement. He meant it. There was something deep within his heart that glowed with delight at the sight of Sherlock enjoying such a mundane thing as
John sought out exactly the right words in the English language to express his horror. “Because I cannot fathom such horror being unloaded onto you. I feel… a terror that such a terrifying thing was done to you.”
Yet here, now, he felt the exact calibre of appreciation and loyalty to them both as he’d ever had to his fellow soldiers- and all while creating positive memories, not gruesome ones. It was a slow, freeing realization that John and Sherlock were not the only two band members he felt that camaraderie with.
What made him come out tonight?
Sherlock’s eyes went wide with surprise and the faintest of colours rose to those angular cheeks. “Thank you.”
“I’ve been told it’s what friends do. Go out.”
“Then why were you standing outside?”
,” whispered a voice in the back of his mind. “
“A snowflake fell on your upper lip. I knew you felt it because there was a hint of a twitch on your cupid’s bow. But you didn't move. Rather, you stared more intently into my eyes. My thumb itched toward the flake, making it as far as this corner of your mouth.” He touched the right side of Sherlock's mouth.
He was hyper-aware of the way John’s waist felt under his fingers, the skin beneath giving way under his pressure, the muscles there tightening from surprise under layers of soft fabric. The sensation made Sherlock’s blood rush, but his voice was even when he spoke. “It’s your turn, John. Stop your fussing and put the star on top.”
The scenarios ran through his head on an endless loop, increasingly more desperate as time progressed.
“What’s that?” The words were barely a breath of air and he was frozen with anticipation.
His life without John had been no life at all; an endless blur of coping mechanisms, purposefully denying joy, and reveling in the pain he would cause himself in an effort to feel something.
“He isn’t,” Sherlock snapped, was a mix of emotions that John couldn’t read, a perfect storm of unknown thoughts and
A series of tremors flooded his body. This wasn’t real. Only an hour ago, he was taking in every minuscule detail of John’s resting face after a perfect night. Only an hour ago, he was committing to memory what John looked like sleeping after a night of desperate fucking. Only an hour ago, everything was exactly what Sherlock had always dreamed.
The singers chorused a cheery tune and the words were sickly sweet, killing him with boiling molasses. “
“I-” said Sherlock pathetically, eyes scanning the confused faces of the men around him. “I don’t know. I-”
“I asked if you wanted to take a walk. You asked me why you would want to do that and I told you that you didn't want to but otherwise I would go alone.”
John returned the smile, a bit uncertain in whether it was genuine. The whole ordeal seemed an awful waste of time in hindsight. Then again, looking at Sherlock’s knowing smile and feeling his own heart flutter with a happiness he’d never felt before, he thought maybe it wasn’t a waste afterall.
was the culprit of his frequent surprise.
Perfection.
tiny- minuscule, actually- part of Philip that could
“Yeah?” His eyes held Sherlock’s and his chest was still heaving with the excitement of it all.
Their set was good, with Philip offering a particularly skilled solo on his saxophone. Greg plucked softly to give a mellow, steady beat for Philip to groove against and after an impressive two minutes of enthralling jazz runs, Greg caught his eye and gave him an encouraging, dazzling smile. In response, Philip’s eyes went wide, his fingers slipping from their proper position for the smallest of seconds, and while the momentary loss of control was nearly indiscernible to the ignorant crowd they were playing for, it earned a stern look from Tobias.
“I’m afraid I can’t say.”
: a scoundrel.
Sholto curtly shook his head, maintaining eye contact politely as he responded, “I’m afraid I will have to ask for a raincheck. I’ve something more important waiting for me at home.”
“So which ones did you get me?” asked Sherlock, a sudden burst of joyous energy suddenly injected into his voice. He was wide-eyed with anticipation and John’s heart was quite sore indeed.
the date? How could he share any portion of himself?
Then, in what felt like one simple blink of an eye, John awoke with bleary eyes to the soft music of the Love Actually movie menu floating through the room. When had he fallen asleep? Where was-
“Absolutely no reason, mate.” He drank more of his own scotch and shot a subtle glance toward Sherlock's drink once more.
Confirmation bias was a curious thing. It provided the tendency to interpret new evidence as confirmation of one's existing theory. And his existing theory? John Watson was the same as himself. He’d heard what he’d expected to hear, so caught up in the excitement of kinship that logic had taken a backseat to desire.
“Regular socks do that too.”
A young boy walked in with uncertainty in his every movement. His thick auburn hair was cut too close to his head with an uneven pattern and Sherlock knew instantly that the poor execution was a result of the cut being done by his mother- although it could have been a close aunt or perhaps a very good friend of his mother’s. His clothes hung like drapes on his thin frame with a too-big belt making the feeblest of attempts to hold up his trousers. This boy, this exceedingly pale and shabby boy, was new.
The yellow light of the ancient bulbs cast harsh shadows across faces hard with a sentiment John couldn’t place. He saw in Wiggins a clarity that rarely shone through. Tobias was swallowing hard, though remaining silent. John’s words circled around all of them, the appearance of an echoing “Don’t you?” hanging over them all.
There was no danger more imminent than one’s feelings. He had warned him against the whole ordeal.
“Oh dear,” she said, extending an arm to him though he stood slightly too far away for her to reach.
The war was inescapable. The inside air was suddenly suffocating, viscous as molten lava and desperate to choke the life from him.
