After some time, the co-pilot slid the door open to the helicopter as it hovered over a cliff side. A weight with a knotted rope was thrown down, and the rope was steadied once the weight seemed to hit ground.
"I use this bottle at times during one of my disquises. I've cleaned and filled it with different things at different times, but seeing what day is getting closer,this is filled with Guinness." Sherlock said, pushing one of the wine glasses towards John's plate before taking the other one.
Yes, details like hearing the verbal sparring and insults to others, watching him go in disguises and walking with ever changing poses and mannerisms (but still being very much Sherlock if you knew what to look for), and other details were nice,but they were only details of a whole Sherlock.(That wasn't entirely gone so much...)
The daughter was found,and taken from her parents custody. She was put under years of relearning and therapy,then adopted into a loving and accepting family. After following hints and calculations made by Sherlock, an international sex ring was broken up,and many helping to run the ring were put behind bars. Many women, children,and quite a few men were given recovery and resources to start new lives.
A lighter was pulled out and he lit the candles,then grabbed John's hands as they lowered everything back into place.
What's left of the firewood now was closer to kindling than much solid wood, so this should work, Sherlock thought.The leather would give a bit of a chemical smell when burned, but now was the time to test and see how much is real leather, and how much it was treated before it became a stool seat.
Sherlock got the box of sugars down, and put two on top of his tea before getting a spoon and stirring it. Still with one free hand.
Sherlock walked over, peeking his head out of the tangle his shirt had him and his bandaged arms stuck in trying to get it off.
" Well,you have been married before me, and I know it means a lot to you. Even when it was a mess, it's past and we have Rosie now and you've always had me. Whether you or even I have always known it or not. I'm not going anywhere, and if you want a big,crowded celebra" Sherlock started.
Sherlock refilled his coffee,got the sugars and walked over, pulled a chair out, and sat down carefully and stretched before John handed him a fork and they had breakfast.
Well, predictions had not turned out to be correct, like Sherlock had mentioned. John thought it best to let him sleep, see if there was coffee to go along with having a coffee maker in the kitchen, and see what can be done with what was in the pantry.
They got off the cab in front of the building where Mycroft's office was inside. Sherlock reached over where John was getting money out of his wallet, and slid a finger inside an inner fold, pulling out Mycroft's card he had given John.
Sherlock had long made sure all of the toys were in the playpen,and part of the experimental fun he showed Rosie earlier (vinegar and baking soda. Made lots of bubbles, but also helped clean out one of the sinks with a mix that could be made to have a neutral coating)
Lestrade looked at the map that suddenly showed up with the phone buzzing.The phone showed the other phone it was linked with to be closer to Ireland, and the signal was slow.
"Hmmm" Sherlock mumbled as he drank the coffee he poured for himself. " You're usually not this active at this hour"
He tried working the farm,to chip away at the debts and stay off the streets. He kept business above water,but his anger and frustration only grew.
John smiled. From sentimental to almost affectionate on his own terms. That was the Sherlock few saw many sides of, and no one forgot.(no matter what they thought of him)
Got behind once,and had to rush chapters to catch up. I know I'll be busy tomorrow,so instead of falling behind again,(to rush tales I'll have to find bits of time to edit and re-edit until it's well enough to leave it) I might do a chapter ahead tonight!
Sherlock leaned into the stroke until he stiffened and slowed his breathing as John's hand went over some now sensitive areas.
John finished the coffee,but felt this odd date was very much over. He said his goodbye's, and headed for the front register where he paid for both orders,never having touched much of his.
"So, despite not having a grey hair on your head,you are going to parent ME. No relaxing in a way you don't approve of,I can just get stupid drunk in my own apartment or you'll take anything fun away" John got up and walked towards the stairs,only going up a few before sitting on the stairs and tearing up
John measured and stirred both teas carefully. Trying to take calming breathes he had learned to rely on more and more since he had moved back in to live with Sherlock again.
Another time while making this tale that I thought 'well, I'll just have a few things happen and go on with it, and getting things done and worked in took a lot more time and work than planned
With that inside of him,any fingers or otherwise would be cut up with blades via putting something inside of Sherlock.
"What will you do about it John?! I keep saving the day,saved you, and finally arranged to give you what I've deduced may have been one of the best sexual experiences you have had in a long time, despite your dating and past marriage. I think I need something more,but I can't put my finger on it. Too much messy sentiment" Sherlock started out by shouting,but ended in a mumble and his head in his hands.
"You got plans for a fighting tournament that will be held underground,taped, and broadcasted overseas. We have to fit in with this, outperform professionals, and rescue the men we are trading places with without actually hurting the star of this show?"
John jerked his hand back and just looked. The pulse in Sherlock's leg still jittered off and on,and further up?
"You are not missing anything!" John hissed " we don't have to worry about any more kids by ourselves, and you don't have to do anything for me if it won't do anything for you. I'm not that kind of ass"
At first, John was exhausted and fell in a deep sleep as soon as his eyes were closed. Then later, a few shots could be heard, and he could feel the rumble of enemy tanks coming closer.
"That,after seeing how some patients are,and thier parents....I can only agree with you" John looked at Sherlock with a smile and took another sip.
"I would like to get home now,get out of these clothes, and get to the bottom of another mystery, let's go ahead and step out.I've already paid for these". He nodded towards the cups,and smiled back at the bartender that had given him the to go cups and had topped them off herself.
"There isn't much time to get what's likely on small drives, that I do not see reason for having been 'accidentally' destroyed as the suspects put it. There was a footprint trail from the office fire at the workplace," Sherlock said.
They ate everything (with this be further hard thinking made AFTER a case, Sherlock found his appetite) and finished the juice. John took the room key and wheeled the cart with the used dishes on the elevator, and to the front desk before returning to the room.
He wrapped the towel around his waist before walking over to the coffee maker. Wouldn't be the best, but there were several coffee options,so Sherlock could make do.
"This is for you, I don't want you to get useless and mindless after a few drinks, because I do like to see you keep a level head when you can" Sherlock said, setting the plate on the counter in front of John.
Not those coffee stains on the floor,(Sherlock barely noticed when John played with dribbling it hot, across parts of his back,but over his stomach? With John's tongue following even what spilled in his bellybutton? Ticklish and turned on) among other things! It was time for both to get back to life and work at Baker Street.
In the kitchen,he got one of the large dishtowels with what's left in the small jar of coconut oil, and walked back to where Sherlock was sitting and looking at him.
Sherlock sighed and walked away, " Come on John, let's pack our things," he said as he left. John was right behind him giving Greg an aggravated shrug as he followed.
"Not in the least,the samples came from a woman and a boy. Not related, nothing to do with each other. Thier bodies were not found either,so what do you make of this?" Lestrade walked closer and asked.
And Sherlock could keep up with things like having the ideas with a mind that rarely slowed down, and those fingers that knew what to do even when his mind was lost in thought.
Yes,John would never dream of overstepping the line with his best friend he also works with....and fell asleep cuddling....and can't stop thinking of...this is this fanbase!
"You should know being mature and knowing details like how to work without a car seat has little to do with actual size. The law is the law and we help police, so we would be the first caught if we break it. You do not want me or John to be in trouble do you?" Sherlock said.
Sherlock saw the husband walk to him, cracking his knuckles,while right by him. He turned to get a better look. The wife was readying a syringe. She noticed him looking at him and smiled. Seeing the shadow right beside her,he knew when to dodge.
" Yes,among other things. It also makes sense that many medicines come from a posion. Snakes have always been lovely for people to keep around,as long as they know how to respect them" Sherlock said, looking and smiling at John.
Sherlock woke with his hands and feet manacled against a brick wall. He had an IV attached to his left arm, and apparently he had a catheter in as well, leading to a large, almost empty bag hung on a stand near his leg. His mouth was covered with a cloth wrapping.
He then heard rustling between two nearby buildings. Those two always seem to have trouble close behind. Why did Lestrade tell them to leave them here on this side of London? Now no telling what's here to get anyone! He didn't want to be the next case,but if either one of those two were killed, he would be left with the hard cases no one could make sense of!
The picture was a close up of Sherlock wearing the suit he had on this morning,glassy eyed and nearly out of it with his hands tied over his head.
"Hard not to, she was black with very dark skin as well. Why would a woman you worked with so long ago,look you up and call you now? What do you know of her family?" Sherlock asked, walking towards the kitchen.
"Looks about right," the pilot said, smiling through the rear view mirror. " We're off." He mentioned before getting the helicopter to rise and started to fly away from London.
John looked back at the door he had locked and the shop,which had a few young customers which apparently had gotten there through the elevator and had walked along the path of taped arrows.
"No need to hurt"Sherlock said,"just arrest and discredit him. Make him where he would not be able to have a life in front of cameras or gain any good publicity. For show,or for trade knowledge"
"Let's just change in our rooms and meet up there!"John said. He shouldn't be surprised by Sherlock's fluidity with such things as boundaries, but at least he could hear him going to his room and changing.
He peered over where there was a coffee and tea shop that was built up in what used to be Mrs. Hudson's apartment.
"Duane was still saved by you. It took stopping a flight at an airport,but he is still alive and will grow with his mother and sisters because of your thinking!" John had raised his voice to point out.
John buried his nose in curls and breathed deep. He smiled when there was still no response coming from Sherlock.
Sherlock,while waiting,had gone to the kitchen and had fixed a simple sandwich from what he could find in the refrigerator until it looked correct.
It was unfolded in an open area by the stove, then John simply unzipped his jacket and spread it out on the back of the chair before turning to face it more towards the stove. His shirt was dry, except for being sweat soaked through, so he laid it out behind the chair in the floor.
"I gave her a decongestant right before bedtime, but the cold weather is harsh on everyone's sinuses. I'm sure you've been reminded of that fact at the clinic" Sherlock said, " but this shows that it may be true"
They came and arrested her for 'harassment',then took a blood sample from her to verify that yes,this was Jessica Bailey,who later tried to bribe her way out from behind bars.
Later on, many familiar faces were stopping by and there were talks of something being solved. Even John was coming by, and he was getting into Sherlock about going out and solving cases without so much as a coat or decent shoes on.
John looked around him, then saw what looked like a covered well. He followed Sherlock as he stepped closer to it, then looking down as Sherlock unhitched, then took a concrete cover off the well. Were those uneven steps going down inside of a well?
Sherlock thought quickly over what he had observed. John was back from work, and had plans to head out. Not unusual with much of Baker Street having been decked out in green,foil decorations for days, but he didn't ask or encourage Sherlock to try to get out with him.
When the consistency looked about right, he found one of his clean measuring bowls,and a metal spoon that was drying.
The wrestlers used thier winnings to support abused spouses in different countries, with the country's own local based programs and hotlines. Various groups formed up to fight for charity matches of different kinds. Underground smuggling was given more policing and checks.
There were streetlights that could be seen on, but at 221B, Speedys,and businesses very close by, the city had those temporarily powered off. This was due to a call in and email to the mayor with pictures showing signs of a possible gas leak in the building next to them.
Yes,balance is important,and learning to fight and react to an opponent fighting was often joked about in the military as being dance like. Learning details of an opponent directly.
He bent down to start kissing John. He preferred it when his pupils were changed from another type of concentration that should be remidied right away...
John smiled. Sherlock will be busy soon enough with cases and several things as well,might as well not make too much noise. He set out a few different kinds of painkillers, anti-inflammatory, whatever might help him when he wakes up, on the kitchen counter.
Sherlock set what he had down on the table and stepped over it, walking towards John and wrapping him in an all consuming hug, holding him close.
"You know,we could end up starting a fire here, and burning it all" John said,sticking his hands into his armpits for warmth.
I've been wanting to play with futuristic Sherlock. Squeezed the prompt in, and hopefully I didn't make a wreck of this. Let me know if this is screwed up entirely! Like everything else on this list of writing,this may go through many re edits before it's halfway decent
"I've heard talks of something like that here in London, but I don't keep up with blogs. My work keeps me so busy, I don't keep up with the many people I've played with that try to make a get rich quick blog."
"If I had not caught up,if I had not punched and tackled that man before Donavon cuffed him..."John sternly huffed
"You're just eating way too fast. You need to start sleeping off what this case did to you and you'll feel full. Any more and you'll start to spew! I know how you get with cases" John said.
" We can't go out in that storm, and she has us anchored here safely. She had candles burning when it was light out, but blew them out before she left. Told me it was supposed to get to freezing temperatures, and wishes me luck." John said, moving his previously chained up arms and legs around.
"No!" John interrupted,"this is us,and crowded social events are not you. I don't want to drag you down or slow you down to stay with me"
They saw a well suited driver when they reached the first floor that looked at Sherlock and waved them over.
"Here's one you can use" John said, holding a practice piece by the handle,blade down,into Sherlock's chest.
John stayed silent, but then slowly walked over and climbed in. "If you change your mind,I can go to my room and..."he said.
The elevator dinged as they got to the right floor. It was quite, but still well lit as cleaners gathered thier equipment and left.
The diagnosis given was barotrauma. John was given plenty of wash to use on a daily basis, and told to come back if the swelling gets too far,or there are other issues with healing. John knew it would be a few weeks at the least before everything healed itself back up.
"How much do you value your trousers?"John asked directly,but looking forward and away from Sherlock.
He had planned this meeting,and had arranged distractions,(Rosie,experiments,any buggering from Mycroft among others) to be out of the way and seen to elsewhere.
Sherlock was quick to reaserch the place,the founding of it, and the quickest route there and back when John told him the name of the place. He also did his own reaserch hearing the name of the date and found her information. From time to time a small smile crept up on Sherlock's face when he knew John was not looking.
In combat,you could never be certain what is will be around to use. Swordfighting could help guide someone in different ways of fighting and moving.  Even in the event of a surprise attack,there may only be tools or trashed parts to pick up and fight with.
He tore through Sherlock's room, through his drawers, and flung out most of the socks, underwear, and undershirts on the ground.
"Oooooooh! I'll just leave these here on the table and you two can get back to...and you're just back from a case!" She looked right at John, " and you have a shift tonight that starts at 5,so I'll leave you two to it!" She had set a tray on the table before hurrying back to her quarters with a blush and smile.
On the small table by the couch, John got and turned on his phone. The battery wasn't too far down, and it was...8:15?
He could not take full responsibility for this however. Odd and backwards as it seemed, having someone to answer to really helped him prioritize his thoughts.
Sherlock stirred lightly and rose to a sitting position, watching as John settled down and resumed a light snore.
It wasn't long before John simply stopped, took off his bags, and started digging through one keeping his back against the rock.
The exaustion of several past hours seemed to have overwhelmed both of them,but they were finally home.
Sherlock unbuttoned and let his shirt slide off,only to fold it,place it on a chair, and lay head down on the towel.
"This is why we are both raising Rosie now John" Sherlock smiled over his cup before drinking." We see no need to put her in a box we understand."
"I found what I could of yours that should be better to wear for this. It's on your bed, including some steel toed boots that I hope are more than simply water resistant. Don't bring the belstaff if you want to keep it," John said, pointing down at Sherlock's saint laurent's, "those shoes will not work for this either, so change into what I put on your bed and we can see what we do next."
John was curious,but didn't want to move too much in case he was supposed to be mindlessly watching TV and Sherlock was just doing something trivial,like an upstairs loo run before going back to sleep.(at the moment,the tv held no interest for him)
"You need to learn who it is you are now owned by. We have two days for you to get that through your head. Let me know if you need bathroom breaks,or any breaks,but it will be however long it takes before anything is finished."
Sherlock walked ahead with his arms up while John walked beside the guard in a casual stance past several doors.
" She finished off my cup of coffee before bedtime, and hasn't been up since. She may be your biological child, but you may be living with another one just like me" Sherlock said with a grin before working on his tea.
"That I am,though the medical part of this operation is currently at his work. I could help you with anything else, because trust me, it takes a lot to surprise me now." Sherlock said,then turned, unlocked the door, and stepped inside.
"He knows where to go and no one should be disturbed. He just wanted to return the house key before we left for our trip. Many here know him. You must be new. Where's Anthea?" John rambled. He didn't know what to say, but wanted the guard to keep his eye from being solely focused on Sherlock.
Sherlock uncovered the tray to show a variety of hot scones. They both tore through several before John amusingly got up, got spoons, stacked the plates in the sink and walked back over with oatmeal for both.
John shook his head as Sherlock grabbed one of the bags from him and ran outside, soon to be followed by John. No time to be distracted by thoughts that should not slip out of, or even BE in John's head at this time!
" He couldn't see things clear enough as is apparent,so he tried to look better using another way. Besides, this was made to look like a murder,but he's been dead for nearly a week" Sherlock said, walking around the body. " He had a very large business that was only growing. He still didn't trust anyone to take care of the paperwork and finances,so he did himself,along with management. The pressure of the business, and keeping a celebrity wife happy got to him. You can see here and here" Sherlock pointed along the slashes on the victims neckline " evidence of rugburn. He hung himself,but with a suicide,the wife would get nothing. She arranged something that would get broadcast everywhere, and set up an invisible straw man to beat on."
John swam until his shoulder relaxed and old memories of waterboarding and other tortures were chased away. Sherlock had stayed in the hot tub going over facts of the case until John stretched,walked over and got in the hot tub as well.
"I know Sherlock,it was just symbolic and sentiment. I don't have to keep you tied to me,but it was still a nice reminder to have" John said.
As one of later to be found was of many,snowstorms started up,John stirred up and added to the fire before sitting back down.
"Why....thank you Sherlock" John said, getting the sandwich and carefully taking a bite over the plate, so he wouldn't get anything on his shirt. Looking up slowly at Sherlock as he chewed, he watched him walk over and take a bottle off of somewhere towards the back on top of the refrigerator.
Sherlock smiled."You would know,I saw you packed your swim trunks before we left,so I grabbed a pair as well"
"No need to worry, I took care of that too. The storage room the solidified cryptocurrency was kept was broken into not by breaking past the high level lock that cost too much." Sherlock smiled and looked at John staring into the small fire before continueing. " It made the clients believe they had more security than they did. Looking closely at the pictures Lestrade sent, the  hinges on the end of the door were too clean. I wrote a text that the door had been taken apart and set aside without needing to touch the lock. I asked to see any pictures or anything studied around the doorknob on the other side, but with the snow and so much powered out, I don't want to get my hopes up too high for when we can find a phone signal again."
Then Sherlock turned towards Lestrade, " Keep an eye out for any boats rented towards Lundy for the next few days."
Hmmm,I couldn't get the bus to a Starbucks,so I'm sitting on a bench outside of a bakery where I had cupcakes and the last of thier coffee
It was no use really. If Sherlock said he wanted anything more binding than John's help with the rent, help with the cases. He already had one marriage he watched go down,he didn't know how he would keep together if this did as well.
"I cannot make anymore descendants to chase after Sherlock, it's already too much now. After a few hundred years" he held Sherlock's head to steady his gaze."After the first few weeks, when we finally started... I've been ruined for anyone else, and nothing they can do will even make me blush. We both seem to have...." Then John wiped his eyes and gave Sherlock a hungry glare. " You're stuck with me,and we both built up a lot to work through. Now let's get away from the paperwork, and see to it what needs to be done NOW".
The sudden spark of pain and unsteadyness startled Sherlock enough, he was able to wriggle and run away.
Looking over the links,he saw even if he could cut the chain,the pin would be pulled when the chains loosened and he didn't think anyone,if they survived, would be the same after an explosion to the back of the head.
Fortunately, on leaving the hotel,John went ahead and tipped them with the same card. He wasn't an ungrateful guest, and for once,he didn't have to worry about cleaning the messes left behind there.
"Lots of muscle compared to many women we see in this part of London. Said you might remember her when she was your leutenant once. She's retiring now,but wants to get her family together for something. Left her number"Sherlock nodded to a note folded on the table.
" If she wakes up and starts crying,it will echo down here in this old building, she's past the age where she should be learning to sleep on her own" Sherlock hissed grabbing the shoulder of John's shirt."As I mentioned,you are very much needed here,so come on! I don't even need to measure to know we could sleep in the bed better than the couch".
He saw John curled up under a quilt, asleep on his chair. He was tucked in holding blankets, his pillow,and also had his coat among the mess (that originally was draped over him. He usually didn't move much in his sleep,so Sherlock figured the cold must still be getting to him with any fire long gone.)
"It's obvious, your the one of us that has become too human. I've been here, working through the latest cases in a mess, because people never change. I let one of the Irregulars set up the shop below so they can raise money for whatever they might need,and I don't have to wait to get more coffee and tea since you have been gone." Sherlock then leaned back and looked John in the eyes. "It's just a luxury, I can have them move if you want to move back. I'm not the same when you're gone so long, I lose track of what to do!....I don't even care if you made more descendants you'll be tracing down over the decades, I just can't have you gone for so long!"
Sherlock followed, quickly climbing down. The rock was slick in the rain, but his hands kept grip. The gloves John had laid out for him on the bed (the fingers were cut off. All John had were gloves of his, and it was obvious Sherlock's hands would not fit in them) helped, but Sherlock always had been a good climber.
Eventually,they could hear Moriarty laughing as a car drove up,and sped away after he slammed the door getting in.
"The children that have been treated for snakebite might not agree. Or thier parents. Or adults that get bit." John said,watching one of the larger floats get marched further down the street.
"There is value to be found in such endeavors. Security is made better,and different arrangements can be made otherwise. We're here because this client went from very wealthy to loosing everything. Or so it seems. He may actually have worry,or he may just be another one who follows your blog" he said with a smile.
"Why? If there's nothing going on there, it will be a waste of time! Not to mention NOT OUR JURISDICTION!" Lestrade said, but looked at Sherlock with wider eyes.
"What is that you've done? Are you making yourself something for once before I go?" John said smiling"It is nice to see you take care of yourself, and not try to live on coffee and patches alone all the time"
" We have made enough enemies with the last few cases at least" Sherlock said calmly with a wave. " The ones who did crimes were caught and are behind bars, but no criminal works as an island. Crimes do not stop just because some slip up and get caught .I just finished with THAT text when you woke up"
John noticed it was driven by a different driver, but smiled and shook his head. Only Sherlock was able to get rides from cabs that appeared seemingly out of nowhere at night.
Ok, didn't fit the prompt the way I expected,but when have our boys ever been known to do what's expected?
Sherlock's nerves were still rattled,but he slowly cooled and drank his tea. He stoicly let the heat calm him and sighed,but his shoulders would not relax.
John tapped on Sherlock's small, hidden ear piece to verify that he still heard static and tapping on his end. He then held onto Sherlock's hand and looked at him, keeping his voice calm. He was not the one he was worried about keeping safe."I know, we went over it enough times, but I'll be crawling and keeping watch hidden among noisy ventilation in an overlooking air shaft. You will be taking orders and keeping your mobile well hidden and on recording even getting past employee check points! I won't be there with you if you're caught or attacked! I know you slicked the curls away for now, but you should have me by your side for this," he whispered, then drew a few, calming breaths and squeezed on Sherlock's hand.
"You would think at a Star Trek convention,the guys here would have no problem talking to us respectfully. It's always been good at these to talk to guys without getting hit on constantly or told to take it off,but now they seem almost scared of us" one of the older women dressed in red said, frustratingly.
What kind of woman would even know to look for him? So many were fans of the blog, and especially the one with the fascinating mind that often gets blogged about, but no one looked to track down the blogger?
" A government does not stop at odd hours. He should get up and do a few things for us so people like Molly or Lestrade are not bothered or given a reason to worry"Sherlock said, again with a strained voice.
Sherlock stirred again, as Moriarty,still walking closer and lowering himself, put a hand on his hip.
It was morning, and though Sherlock had reached for John's hand, John held it tightly, studying. Sherlock's hand didn't have much grip now, and not much pulse could be felt. Oh yes, the nerves and adrenaline was crashing hard. Sherlock looked at him in a dazed almost sleepy look and went to pull away.
"For once, I'm up before you, but I guess having everything scheduled for me for work has me waking up and doing everything at certain times"John said,yawning and holding his cup out. "I made coffee, because it's much better than what I've been drinking while camped out"
"His cyber security is still sub-par. I was able to look into the helicopters they have on staff and see what's available on my mobile alone! Mycroft must be itching for a holiday at one of his houses. He might still think I don't know about all of them! He kept the key to the Lundy house wrapped in the paper wrapping around the fern at his desk. He might be setting us up because that was too easy, but there is a storm coming that would hinder anyone who might try to follow us. I wonder if he encrypts his messages in the same code he used when we were children, or if he uses another predictable randomising pattern like he does for his computer files? This is so exciting!" Sherlock rattled off at a hard to follow pace, holding his mobile in one hand and clenching his fists.
As the recordings said,in Sherlock's own voice, how does someone 'indirectly arrange' someone to be knocked out or slipped and tied? If he was able to quickly get the wife in handcuffs soon soon after she was 'out',then they certainly were not where Mrs.Hudson had teased about them being long ago. That was only the tip of what John wanted to know directly! But he had to be there for someone who just went through what sounds like a kind of hell!
"That was.... beyond amazing. I could feel every bit of...I never thought you cared about....." John quietly said,all the words seemed to want to rush out at once.
He got up,got both coffee's and took them back to the bar. John soon followed to get away from the death glares the couple were giving each other.
"I'll just get this going a small bit, maybe if it warms up everyone can get some better sleep. Ice wads tearing the roof up and everything" John jokes.
He heard the pounding of steps as soft,bare feet from the room next door came to his in a hurry. A soft beep as a card was slid before the door was opened
"Mycroft knows right where the paperwork is, even though he wasn't invited. We didn't need to bother anyone to act as witnesses with the office staff and that was good enough." Sherlock said,"now back to this,unless you want to have an over the top 1st anniversary dinner and invite half of London."
"I have eaten plenty today,I would like to go with you,but you are not going anywhere outside of 221B."
John sighed. He knew when people, usually young children had this happen to one ear or another, things were very fussy and uncomfortable until it healed.
Going down a forever set of stairs, he got to what seemed like a floor,(although with subway tunnels and underground trains around him,he wouldn't bet his money on it) he started looking around, seeing where a door might be on what looked like a wall.
" That's not the only thing,but more stable we will both be afterwards." He grabbed,took off the lid of the oil, and scooped a small,clearish white mass on his first and middle finger and looked at John with a grin.
"Nevermind, we'll be leaving now, sorry to waste your time.No need to even look for anything here now. You can go back to your convention or whatever you were doing." Sherlock looked down and waved his hand in a shoo motion."John! Say your goodbyes and let's go," Sherlock finally turned away and John gave Mycroft a strange look as he politely apologized for interrupting, and suggested that they all go back to what they were doing before Mycroft gave Sherlock a more solid stare.
"Yes,the hotel is pretty full right now,but to not lose any possible customers this soon after opening, when you leave,they will be marketing the room as where Sherlock Holmes had slept. Hope you don't mind" Lestrade said, nodding with a quiet amusement.
"Here" John said, handing him a cup with the sugar in it,and pulling him over for a kiss and a hair ruffle.
Ok,this started out as a short chapter on what the skull sees,then I've noticed several writers here have been writing more on the smutty side lately (no shame,so do I at times) and felt like playing around more with the shifter tales I want to branch out with later. Since I've already mentioned none of this is linear, this would take place after Sherlock gets the ability to shift into a fox,and is trying to make sense of suddenly having kitsune tendencies and instincts,but John is still human. There's no joke that Sherlock could easily kill him with one of his feedings,but John has had a lot of held back and bypassed sexual energy he keeps having to put on a back burner. This is what is fed on, so he's not exactly helpless. He's only human. For now.
They went inside, and Sherlock smiled and relaxed. Happy to be home, but still keeping a hold of John. They walked to the kitchen, and John filled and started the kettle. He then walked the short distance to get milk he had just bought before this case started, that was still unopened in the door of the fridge.
"So, as you said,you need things like....what we did earlier, off and on now when you shift?" John said
It took him far into the back lawn,with more rocks, tree branches,then the line he was following stopped.
He then returned to the couch, and leaned into Sherlock without making him move or change out of his pose.
As John began to slightly turn to his side, starting to reveal what so many women had dated for....but many of those dates didn't last long because they didn't know what all could be done with... Sherlock  blushed and looked away and towards Mycroft.
Next morning, Lestrade was at thier door with breakfast to go for all of them. They tried to look through underground abandoned tube stations, but even through an area that seemed oddly familiar to Sherlock, nothing was there to be found except for a spot of red under a pile of sand, and what looked like the remnants of gauze. Or,what was left of it, still attached to some white tape.
He then folded the knife and put it on the table by the tray of tea before turning back and slowly unbuttoning the collar of Sherlock's stylish shirt and the two top buttons with the gleaming, smiling look.
"I doubt that John, but I may not be able to join you for breakfast until I really get a few theories worked out to properly induce" Sherlock said as he was pulling slacks on and carefully zipping.(any type of underwear he found too bulky and clung too much to wear with most of his bottoms,so he rarely packed any)
After the door was closed, Sherlock was quick to get out of his coat,shoes,slacks, everything. Tossing it all along a corner chair before at last trying to take off his long sleeved shirt that was over the bandages.
Hands held onto John's rear and Sherlock seemed to have dove in,eyes closed and everything. John started with his hands on the back of the chair, keeping him distanced from Sherlock,but soon his cursing stopped and he slowly relaxed into Sherlock's grip.
He sat back down and was surprised when Sherlock tried to stand up, but had to stop and only got on his knees before oddly sliding over towards John.
He understood the reasoning,but the idea that his higher up bosses told him about the decision made without John's input just seemed rude....and harshly practical.
"That's a quick summary of what was found, from the results gathered from testing results on a Jordan Sheen, and what could be found even easily on public record" Lestrade said, flipping through,then handing John a folder of case notes. "I've got to go to a courthouse about findings for another case tonight,along with a never-ending line of paperwork to finish by tonight. I was going to send Anderson to help with this,since his daughter is also into these convention type things,but he showed a level of disrespect that will keep him off of the field for a time".
"Well,many medical symbols involve snakes along with other things. Staffs,wings,but always with a snake. Then saw that snake venom has often been used in different medicines. Even recently"
He wanted to solidify John being by his side in his life. Not just a flatmate,not just as someone to work with, Rosie made things close,but John had made it clear to many. He wasn't gay,they were not a couple,kept dating boring women, kept getting angry with little frustrations that would build up throughout the day. Playing with Rosie helped a little. Cases got frustrating,but by the end,he would be much calmer. They would get home, he would make a dinner or order take out for both of them. Then he would put Rosie to bed,and use the downstairs shower to 'clean up'.
Sherlock scrolled through the Wikipedia pages. Even skipping through the religious mythology that easily gets to wars, a lot that was found on a holiday very popular worldwide made little sense.
"What brings you here at such a time brother mine?" Mycroft said after he stepped off the nearest lift.
"I thought this would go better because it was in a different setting" John said before slumping himself in his chair.
John hefted both bags and carefully carried them down. He was certainly not in a position to skip down like Sherlock had, and as usual the bastard was likely able to pull it off with grace AND speed.
"Mage magic? Well....I just follow what I read myself! No one taught me a thing!" Anderson said,proudly.
"It could've been,but they were told not to. It's getting past time for you to be here. The do not disturb left on the doorknob was not just a suggestion for you. Go work your job waiting for you in your office" Sherlock told Mycroft with a wave as he stretched back on the ground.
"How is that so THIS time Sherlock? What is all the hell going on outside now?" John said as more thunder rumbled through.
"That is no way to be now, lay down and curl up" Sherlock said as he stretched out and motioned for John to lay down on the inside of the couch.
He set the bag of clothes on the corner chair, and watched as John stumbled awake, looking downwards and modestly pulling a blanket,then the towel back around his waist.
After talking to Lestrade and signing reports,they got to go home the day after they had arrived at the hospital with John set up to keep monitoring Sherlock from home.
He opened the door to the crow's nest type room to find a chained up and muffled John. Picking the locks to the cuffs and chains was not too difficult for a Sherlock who had to hyperfocus to keep on task.
They haven't been able to get back there yet, because of the crime that seems to only get worse with the growing population,and the popularity of London.
"Your insistence on me playing so nice is not anything I care to resume unless it's needed. Here,it was not. I'm trying to tell them and figure out where the others are." Sherlock said.
"The texts lead to a place on the island Lundy, right on the channel! If someone needed a hiding place for black market goods, delivered by drones, that would be perfect! There's not many people there, public signal is mostly non-existent, except right at a few holiday spots. It's not exactly here in London, but only the foolish criminals keep all of their headquarters where the work is done..."
He walked the stool with him,got his gun, and walked everything back towards the painted smiling face on the wall.
He soon came to a bush. He smiled and walked around it. There likely wouldn't be any messages patterns carved anywhere like the case. Not so close to 221B,and not with all of the ice on everything.
"Yes, let's make things go faster so the freak and his blogger can just go home. Maybe get married already and leave us to do our work" she grumbled.
The wrestlers they filled in for had been given a paid break to far away hikes and cabins by the accusing wife using her husband's credit. They were questioned quite thoroughly, and found not to be accomplices to Edwardo in any way.
John called him,but he didn't respond. Oh yes, adrenal come down,he thought with a smile. He put a hand on the back of his leg. Sherlock was still a little overheated for now, and should be fi-
Poplock told her she was to spend the night at Molly's tonight. Molly's again! They would just be watching cartoons and movies with popcorn when Rosie was so happy to have both parents home again!
For a while,both men seemed to be gone from the living room. First Sherlock, then eventually John. Some would come in and clean up the area from time to time,but even they did not stay long.
Will try for a final, good ending! With feelings for our boys, learning, and bits of the smut that's well treasured here when done right
"You’re in the right direction, but we must look further. If something is taken from or delivered here, what would be hidden here, and what might be better locked up in the housing area further up?" Sherlock said as he looked closely among all of the lights that reflected as lightning flashed.
"John! I thought those steps sounded familiar!" Sherlock had looked over as John came in,with case files and paperwork in a mess on the table beside him.
Well,am finishing up The Ying-yang Master: Dream of Eternity, and in it,many royals are dressed by many servants. A murder done by one that gains a jealousy would be too easy to do,and they would be able to hide small things where a brush or a nudge or so would result in what can look like an accidental death,so maybe I'm too busy seeing how to kill people. See what boredom and frustration does?
Which Sherlock as usual went right back to shattering to bits,but like an onion peeling,there were tears, frustration, and now John knew he would never need to date again.
John looked at Sherlock,gave a few parting details,then ran to him as medics had arms on each of Sherlock's shoulders and pulled him back on the cot.
I hope this did not come out as a disaster as well. I'm having fun with leaving some things hanging when I can, because I know many minds will fill gaps themselves. And making a group as large as this on AO3 is impossible,so at least maybe this can be a fun disaster?
John kept him in place on the ground, thoroughly frisking him before rolling him over on his back for further hands on searching.
John just settled in his chair and thought of ways he could be killed by what he still felt a bit weak from.
"I'll just warm up mine then,it won't be used for direct drinking anyways. Don't glare at me like that, I know where you keep the crop..." John said, marching in the kitchen, taking a long drink from his cup before grabbing the rest of the kettle. He quietly got a piece of ice from the freezer to put in his cup before taking the same sounding steps back carrying one in each hand.
He had to dig around in some of his old army gear that had been stored for years to find the ropes, climbing gear, and metal grips that would be needed to climb unknown terrain. He knew it would be rocky, and there were many cliffs. Hopefully they could get what they needed inside of the plastic lined bags. Sherlock had simply nodded and agreed it would work earlier. John was hoping all would get done and they could be inside somewhere before the storm hit too hard, but it never hurt to try and prepare.
Lightning rumbled,but Sherlock kept towards the small room on the very top floor, and swayed, slipping on steps getting towards his intended destination. He made a point to distance himself from many of his thoughts and sudden odd impulses that showed up in his mind and stayed stubbornly balanced.
Sherlock was already in his chair, staring ahead and thumping his foot. He did not change his gaze as he accepted his cup.
The muscle could be followed all along the side of John's arm,to his softer flank, only to continue noticeably along his hip and leg. His rear was covered lightly by the towel that Sherlock felt was only begging to be removed, but John would not react well to that! He kept choosing to date and even marry women who did not have the nerve or sense to do half of what Sherlock has done for him!
The husband had been working later in his office,but had been bringing home and,(as he claimed) paid the same checks.
"I have to have to prepay if I call and arrange for a taxi ride, so I gave the number to Mycroft's card because WE ARE IN A HURRY," Sherlock whispered in John's ear.
"Yes,but you made too many of the same kinds of mistakes" Sherlock said, getting up from his microscope"Another woman with short,dark hair, and the head to get far in her field .But still a small mistake being made that sets everything up to fail.".
Been trying to keep in mind syllable count, structure and all,but I'm sure I don't have it perfect,kept some bit of the prompt
He took the last bus that was working the route from the hospital to the stop near his home at 221B,but the ice had most transport either stopped or definitely rerouting past all of the wrecks and roadwork that had to be done because of the layers of snow and ice that had built up.
Nothing beyond hugging or light kissing for at least 3 more months, and if Sherlock was back to himself.
"He might just think he's safe because he looks older, but there was the guy dressed as a wizard at the Lord of the Rings convention here a few months ago. Whoever she is, doesn't seem picky" said another guy with a dangling costume,a bulbous headpiece...odd
"Coat and boots off,NOW" John said,then leaned close to his eyes." You'll have plenty to save up in that mind palace of yours later, for now,you need to stay alert and learn, absorb,accept whom you belong to"
John was unnerved that he did have to talk to Sherlock as he would one of his patients, but if that's what it took to clarify whatever this is...
Many guests had also been in the room it was currently placed in,but aside from children or the occasional criminal,not many payed the skull any mind.
" That's one of the milkless dishes, Fruity Oaty Bars. They will make a nice side with your coffee. You can get them as is,or with cinnamon added" the waiter explained.
"Oh,these are fancy and made from microtia. Hold still and keep sitting on your heels. This isn't any different than the prosthetics we have to get and fit some children with as they grow." John said, trying to get Sherlock's ears set right.
"Thier not worth it. You've seen when I've used people as means to an end for cases. You are not a means to an end for anyone." He put his hands down and shook his head. "Never good at these things"
The hacker leader had built up a set of beliefs he drew others into following, bettering, and defending in several ways like one would think of a cult leader. In truth, the 'leader' was clumsy and a bit of a coward. Pulling and trying to threaten Sherlock with a knife he did not know how to use well himself(the way he moved with it! Horrible form!).
John felt stuffed when he finished his bowl and his tea. Sherlock had finished his bowl, his tea and still went through a few more scones. Once again, as usual, it was hard to get him to eat anything trying to narrow down and properly catch the right suspects in this case.
Sherlock stopped playing, set his violin and bow on a stand by the window,and sat on the end of the couch. He didn't know what he could play to make the tears stop,but he could hold a crying John.
"So you want to teach me how to attack you and this other man without hurting either, and make a show of it?" John asked, looking for further clarification and walking towards Sherlock.
She hit a button built into her instrument panel and heard the crackling from the one who let her replace Jeremy. This was done soon after he was the one who brought the looked for men here at a time everyone had been told it wasn't a time for private flights.
"It's been a long night, and I still have my own shift to get up for tomorrow morning! Pediatrics is a mess to watch over!.....but is our young mess in bed?" John asked, looking Sherlock back in the eyes.
"I haven't seen any signs that anything more has been done since the weather turned worse. The company made by the man who mined and owned the cryptocurrency has been calling who he can to keep track of the theft. Him and his company and workers have been falling apart now that he has little other ways of paying anyone or for anything,but I do have theories." Sherlock explained, looking at the face of John,still seeing signs of worry.
An anti rape device was removed from Sherlock,and John remembered what Moriarty had said about celebrating.
John looked closely at the uncut,polished wood he saw earlier.. Yes, after living with him for any time,some things stop surprising you he thought.
By now,the cups of coffee were following the law of diminishing returns and Sherlock was coming into a tired,but steadier focus.
During the short time it took for the butter to melt,he put everything that had been taken back into the refrigerator. He would wait before working with further mixes and molds until after this was finished.
John felt beyond arguing with someone not conscious. He was tired and sore himself, and if direct body heat transfer kept Sherlock calm?
John will be home at 11, then they were set to meet Katy at the local courthouse,then then they are to meet up with what army mates could be gathered by Sholto at a high end restaurant/bar.
He set the towels down by a hot tub,and the smell of fresh cleaner was almost overwhelming. "This was my idea anyways,and he's just following me." Sherlock walked past Mycroft and waved.
Now with this talk of staying at Molly's,she fingered the necklace chains in her pocket. At first, she didn't know how to get the necklaces off of her parents without them waking, but then she saw the part that kept them held together.
"That was unusually fast" he looked up, barely opening the door looking into the eyes of his seemingly amused brother.
He smiled and glanced upwards. Looking up, John could see where Sherlock was unconscious and chained to the back of the stairs. Looking back at a smirking Moriarty,who soon got quite looking into his unsettled eyes. John pushed,then held him down with first his hands,then a knee as he tore and tied him up with his own shirt.
"It's predicted to end around 9 in the morning, so 4 more hours if the predictions turn out correctly," Sherlock said. "You still need your sleep, or do you want to feel thunder as well with me?"
He dug out a wooden spoon and stirred the mix, adding in bits of different spices before cutting the end of a stick of butter and letting it fall in to melt in the mix.
This meant the clothes would feel worse! He took a hotel pamphlet and his cell and closed the door behind him as he went to the bathroom.
After being on such alert for much of the morning, and nothing changing within the same,well walked walls,John took a seat on the couch.
"What are you doing here!"Sherlock hissed a loud whisper."The case is already closed and anyone that might have anything dug into now has just been leaving too much out there very unprotected."
Only someone descended from the Holmes line can own it. So,every few decades when Sherlock and John have to move everything to a different name they go by, the last Holmes has a different 'son' that shows up. He takes over payments for it, and often enough time has passed that no one will know this 'son' looks exactly like the father that raised bees with a partner and left.
"Hmmm MMMmmm people," Sherlock mumbled in frustration, taking his shirt off as he walked to his room.
"Well, this keeps being being added to and growing" John looked at the familiar door. He had made calls to the Sussex house, and after the phone getting passed around many offices,the latest name Sherlock went by was still presumed to be dead.
"I'm fine" John said blandly,as he let his head fall back on the floor "I just rolled off the bed again, but nothing too" he rotated his shoulders and his  injured shoulder started to pain him.
"Direct, and among other things. We do have a few days before the next storm" Sherlock said, breathing his nose further into John's neck,but hands sliding up inside his shirt.
He remembered a time before,where he told Sherlock he was a doctor,not an explosive expert,then quietly looked again.
John set his cup on the table and sighed, waiting before marching over to Sherlock and leaning down.
I also cannot sleep without coffee. Started drinking when I was 3-4, and it calmed me or put me to sleep. Things like ADD, Asperger's, different mood disorders or different reactions to caffeine can make people act,or react very different to coffee,energy drinks,medicines...the frustrating fact everywhere that those least qualified seem to have the most kids...
"What IS it" Sherlock shouted "there's something you're NOT telling me! Why are we meeting Katy in a courthouse?"
An elevator had been since built in what was a lower room that could not be easily rented out for long.
"Yes,it is. I want you relaxed and at least taken away away from this. Now,take your shirt off and get down. No arguing"
"Whatever you're doing, I just found stairs going up. Come with me, we'll look for anything electronic and metal AFTER this storm blows through. Maybe there's a dry area up there," John said, looking back at Sherlock.
"Not quite" Sherlock said, popping the last nite of his cupcake in his mouth. He quickly swallowed, and John had long given up on making him eat slower after a case. He seemed to inhale food at times, but he simply kept an eye on him for the signs of choking that never showed up.
"Get dressed"John said, looking at his phone,"Lestrade will be here soon, and Miss Hudson will not be up yet. It's about robberies that leave something behind. I'll finish with the omelettes,eat, and get ready for work. Would you like help before I get back to cooking?"
They were hurrying up and running around the apartment, grabbing coats,scarfs,files... something about a case.
Normal details usually taken for granted had to be temporary reset to insure the healing. John's work now involved letting Lestrade and everyone know when it would be safe to call and see to not having casework help for a bit.
Going back to,and up in the elevator,he went to the room that had been 'arranged' for Sherlock and John. He walked up to it, and was about to knock when he heard grunting in a familiar pitch. He then started to grin and got the hotel master card from his front pocket.
"That is a lot to finish,have you eaten anything yourself yet?" John asked as he took his plate to the sink.
Well, it had been a long time since he last let that part of himself surface,but John Watson could be very direct when need be.
Hate leaving teases,but when I got home I was interrupted,told to put the phone away and watch something,ECT. every few minutes! but I need to crash for my next escape to writing alone with lots of coffee tomorrow...then the round of re edits will begin.
This kept both Sherlock and John busy, with doctor work and endless investigations into many crimes. Sherlock was taking time relaxing in a quiet place in his mind palace before the MET called again.
"Are you trying to interfere with the conference going on in this side of the building? I should check both of you to see if you're sneaking anything in," the guard said, blocking them from going further in the hallway.
"We must have moved out of them while we slept" Sherlock said," we can check the mattress at another time, but that doesn't worry me right now. Three women John! Very different backgrounds, different families, but all exactly the same age...."
Irene must have set plans to drug him in a way that can still be effective long after it works through someone's system. The way she was acting, and the way it fit what he knew of her, still connected as too well fitting.
"She's another part of our expansion. We trained her early,but to take over other business avenues in a place like London,we need to make the right appearances. A negotiating piece like you could make high level law overlook ALL sides of our dealings...or, my wife is right. You could have bidders from all around to pay for you.
The right person was found and detained. When the M.E.T arrived, the leader of the underground group and associate looking to trade were detained by John, who kept them cornered by turning the laser on his gun, but soon had fallen out of a corner of the ceiling. They were kept in place by the glare in his eyes and march over, gun still aimed at them. John talked through his earpiece and had called the police. There wasn't much of a chase to get the main ones in the human trade off cuffed and questioned.
John had made it this far, following the messy, cryptic map that had been delivered to him at his work office.
John got his cup of coffee with a plate of what looked like large,long frosted wheat squares with different colored fruit oozing from each one. As ordered,the left side also had brown sprinkles all over the squares.
He took the buses home, and loudly mumbled about his frustrating date while Sherlock listened. Still looking at different slides in the microscope.
The high rise went up quickly until it stopped several floors far above ground. There was a small staircase built in the side of the building, that John couldn't see until Sherlock unscrewed some bolts with a driver that was tucked along the rise. He then slid a door open before crawling in.
"In that case,since we won't need to pay for a cab, let's take the stairs!"Sherlock said, using the hand grip to pull John towards the stairs in the opposite direction.
Rosie liked that Poplock did not talk to her like she was a baby and smiled, even as her car seat was being lifted and buckled into a car that was the replacement for the car that had been hit on one of the 'cases' they like to go on about.
Sherlock showed her a picture of a large house with a pool with people barely seen taking the for sale sign down.
"Your evening wear is on your bed,hurry up and get out of your smelly work clothes,thier waiting for us!"
Coming downstairs, Sherlock grumbled and walked up a few steps, adjusting the button up part of John's top and adjusting the cuffs correctly as well.
" They say you are a consultant detective of some kind? And you can solve some of these cases our best analysts and machines could not?" Gary mumbled.
"Thank you, but after today, I need this," John said as he crawled under the blanket of the unmade bed.
Still, Sherlock had wished him luck, which was odd, because he never showed interest in any of John's dates. Something was suspicious,but John had no plans on being interrupted on this date!
Neither had cared to get properly dressed. They had only walked around in a towel or a blue dressing gown because the curtains were drawn away from the window, and yesterday was John's last day of work before his next small stretch of time off.
He had found a maintenance hole in a janitor closet on the first floor of an old, condemned office building (with a caved in roof)following the map.
"You men and your big fusses! No need! We did not know the one we were meeting up with had a brother who looked...well"she said, looking Sherlock up and down,"there are other outlets we can use for our daughter's missing person report. You look even better in person than the pictures we've seen! No worries, getting a missing persons going for you would not be hard with the meeting we have coming up with your brother in a few days! You can come with us calmly,or you,like so many others that now work for us, can try to fight".
"Why,like many dates I've been on,and the last case with the murders buried under the house... women will nearly destroy each other,to get thier ideal boyfriend...to use in thier ongoing steps upwards?"
He filled two cups with the right amounts of milk and sugar before topping both cups off with the tea when it was finished.
Maybe getting out of the house,away from the snow, and into a different setting to meet up with clients will be a turn for the better,John was hoping.
He carried the teas on a tray to the living room, and set the tray on a table. Turning to look at Sherlock's chair, he saw the coat had been hung up and shoes untied, but still on his feet as he sat in his chair, looking at John with his hands on each armwrest.
Sherlock wasn't sure if he should be scared,or wanted to see where this went,but soon John had his hands at the bottom of Sherlock's undershirt.
"Can you sit up?" Irene nudged Sherlock,who now could feel that he was sitting on a floor, with his back against a wall. He opened his eyes and was almost startles.
Well,after stripyjumpers had a good cuddle story, I might as well end this with something cute,so we'll see how it goes!
Getting the necklace from Poplock was harder. He moved more, and was almost awake easier,but Rosie was big and knew how to be careful.
John finally got home at 221B,but was puzzled at the police cars parked,and driving by it. He went to Sherlock giving his statement on the front steps.
"Thank you" John said,then he turned to Sherlock." I'll phone a cab here, and I still have Mycroft's card to pay for the ride. You can talk,we can sleep, whatever you need" he explained, trying to keep calm.
" I'm happy for you and John you know Sherlock, but you need to keep an extra eye on your things with her running around" Mrs. Hudson eyed at Rosie going to the scones as she talked to Sherlock.
Sherlock reached his hand to brush across John's chest,then down his stomach. When John was starting to look down at the left hand, the right hand held the back of his head by the hair as Sherlock leaned in to start kissing him. Then the left hand was brushing with slowly increased friction across John's crotch area.
John looked at the bag,looked at the empty cups by the coffee maker, and saw one unused sample placed on top of an empty, upturned cup. The sample was marked almond creme.
It was 11. Seemed to take hours to get there,but it was soon 11. He had showered, changed clothes, and combed his hair but looking out the sun and clouds stayed in a form of stasis. John could be heard walking to and unlocking the front door before jogging up the indoor steps and opening the apartment door.
By the time John had made it to the front door, Sherlock was darting out of his room, fully dressed in his more waterproof, outdoor wear.
"Yes,but often you are, and not quite this tired or slowed down when you do. I have a bus to catch to get to an early shift in a few hours,and you'll be busy with Rosie and whatever case might be brought to us today until I get back home." John said, cutting bacon and ham bits before moving his free hand along Sherlock's flank under the blanket.
Well, I don't want to get out of the habit of keeping the writing going, and plans changed,so let's see what the boys are up to now
"And what is that,with your sword behind you? Are you through with this practice?" John eyed him over, suspecting.
"It's been years, but she still sees me as family. Along with few others in service with her. I wonder what she's reaching this far out to gather everyone for?" John asked,then looked at Sherlock who seemed downcast.
Sherlock smiled,then moved in his seat again." I already have an idea what's going on with the couple, but they won't want to hear it. We're actually early, but I want to stretch out some before sitting with a couple we're about to disappoint." Then with a fidget,he sighed."I want to go back home and get out of these clothes and back to the sheet. Did you wash many of my clothes last night?".
He knew Sherlock understood and was telling him he was sorry for John, but he didn't understand that John felt after all they had done together and continued to live through,he couldn't not be right there with him as long as he could.
John was was often turned down when he did, but often made a fuss and pout in the process. He knew how stubborn John could be, often to a foolish extent. He was not usually this content, almost giddy about going bar hopping with Lestrade and the MET.
"Who do you have an appointment with?" asked the receptionist at the front desk, "there's no time for-" But they kept walking and stepped inside the lift anyway until the doors closed. After several navigations and trips in the lift, they were stopped by a uniformed guard.
"The couch is too small for both of us, and no need to wake Watson up just yet,so come on John" Sherlock said, getting up and walking to his room.
As the day went on, there were still no signs of anyone near the residence. Hearing of another storm on the way, Mrs. Hudson had long left to stay with a cousin that lived in a warmer area,far from the blizzards that since,had been hitting London.
New bodies were now being found every Tuesday with sand from various deserts in other countries stuffed down thier throats.
It was like he had amplifiers on his ears, and Kate standing stone still nearby,seemed oddly reminescent of a rodent.
As yellow and black tape was sealing off the condemned business used by lead suspects of a hacking group,John was cleaning and bandaging Sherlock's stabs and cuts on both arms that frustrated him, because too many were too close to veins and arteries.
How did they even get here without notice! There was not even selective fire, there were bullets everywhere! They didn't seem to need to reload? John rolled closer to try to help what he could, this made no-
He swiped the card and walked in. Sherlock was busy doing push ups while John was keeping timing and speed of the push ups with a pencil.
He wanted to be alone with his thoughts, but he couldn't make sense of them. He thought of Sherlock, and knew that's one place where it never made sense. Even early on, he was not far from his mind. The way he could deduct, the things he stuck to,no matter what anyone else thought. Well,the way he cared for a few people without caring what anyone else thought of him. The way John had to learn how to read Sherlock, and knew he still could not usually find much. The way he always seemed fluid, in his thoughts,in his movements...
Didn't get too far before John rugby tackled him from behind, and sat on him with his elbow kept in place against his lower back before cuffs came.
It was over part of his right shin, because he was on the floor. That would explain the sharp pain and stiffness...
Sherlock was trying to defend himself, keep the leader from getting away, and was thinking over what he had noticed.
He also took the skull down from it's usual place from time to time, but that was often to point out and show different parts of the skull while talking. He didn't talk to it near as often as Sherlock did,but there were a few times...
" I have never been bored by you Sherlock. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, and if you change your mind, we can pretend something never happened. I think we need energy before doing anything else. As your doctor, sugar will not be steady enough." John then grabbed the pamphlet and looked through the menu." Would scrambled eggs with patties sound good,or would you rather have the whole grain keto oatmeal here?" Sherlock pointed to the latter option. "That's good, I can call this in,then we can talk about the theories you have so far." John said with a smile.
"You know we have Rosie staying out of London with my parents until this mess clears. It is known and celebrated worldwide, but mostly used as a reason to get drunk and have excuses for bad choices. You don't need anymore bad choices,or the sadness they bring you." Sherlock said slowly.
As he got closer,he could see a dark spin of a coat and hear a gasp as someone being shoved against the wall.
Lightly snoring, and half sprawled on the floor where they lay, Sherlock had his face buried into John's right shoulder. The blanket John layed over him hours earlier (when John had to make it to the bathroom and back) was cucooned around him.
"It could've been any of the staff at this hotel. You're not looking at me or a mirror and it's almost time for you to leave" Mycroft said smugly.
"I do not want too much at once,but the longer we wait,the more overwhelming. If I want more than you do, tell me. I've only seen you try to date women before, and I know some men can get harsh when they've fallen for me because they feel guilty. They didn't want to let me leave,but I made them feel bad  because of who they listened to. I would not want you to feel that way,and it's harder for me to hide bruises now with the work"
"Well, with this metal bucket,and these over there,one candle at a time,we will soon not have cold hands or feet" Sherlock said,as he emptied the small trashcan,set three steel rods inside of the trashcan, and propped it upside down before getting two candles. He lifted the trashcan up slowly and put it back down to put the candles on opposite sides.
John however, could not see much but the unstable glimmer and reflection, so he was further back in the cave with the torch.
John thought back to the idea,does Sherlock not think his disappearance would be a reason for many people to worry themselves sick?
He smiled at detective Gary Williams as he swiped through paperwork on the tablet screen he carried, walking to the steps Sherlock was currently standing on.
Getting dressed (or while he was busy, going through various wear Sherlock had for disguises and long term stake outs he had crammed in the bottom of his wardrobe. Seemed a childish mess at first, until John started picking up on order within the chaos. Having a child of his own DOES make seemingly strange things clearer, especially since he still had to go through times of picking his battles with Rosie) in very durable and mostly waterproof wear was only the start for John.
'You see,but you do not observe'.He heard the familiar fussing he had heard many times from Sherlock,now in his mind. He closed,then  opened his eyes, and let himself be calmed by the fact there was not a timer this time.
"You said you solved these kinds of cases for years before I showed up?" John asked, looking at Sherlock and trying to be non threatening.
It was almost out of body for both. Sherlock could feel John's pulse, and acted accordingly to what would join them in pace,breath...all for the higher cause of both being completely content,as long as this moment can be made to last without rushing to be over.
"What is Zoladex? It's one of the few drugs I've never heard of on the streets. What is it for John?" Sherlock asked.
"I don't think it's a good idea to drink much before I get to the bar. I appreciate the sandwich,as bar food will not be cheap the day before St. Patrick's, but this drink is a bit of a heavy start to a bar hop" John said before taking another bite.
Then he still held Sherlock down as he moved his legs,grabbed Sherlock's jacket, and shoved him into the other wall.
"I should get that before she wakes up" John said, getting up and keeping the gaze until he sharply turned and dashed for the kitchen,not looking downwards.
He finished his latest text,and went to tend to said fireplace. After nudging with a metal stick, he saw coals leftover from hardwood still lit,but smoldering, and looked at the shrinking stack of firewood out of the way nearby.
He soon saw the familiar face of John,still kissing into a mess of hair, using was that Sherlock's? Knocked lower stance to steady him between his legs,but still stay lower,so he was kissing upwards.
John looked up, sniffing and wiping a sleeve across his nose before looking Sherlock in the eyes. " It is not something you would get. I need my drink back" he said before leaning over to get up.
"How do you even know what will fit me if the other outfit was in the wrong size?" Sherlock asked, looking down at his outfit.
"I did not mean like that! I've needed the same break for some time! I just don't want to see you sad if it can be prevented" Sherlock said as he took the few steps over to the stairs and crouched in front of John who was quietly crying.
Now,back at Baker Street, Sherlock grabbed sweets. Cookies,scones, chocolates,but would not stop pacing.
"I want to see that you can handle yourself better before you RUN OFF AFTER ANOTHER CRIMINAL before the rest of us can catch up and see that your not DEAD..".
Sherlock sighed and put his mobile back in it's case, leaning back into the cab seat. John, sitting beside him, turned and watched him concerned.
With that, Sherlock backed up and waved his hands out of the way, leaving room for John to dart to the shower upstairs.
It was decided that because 221B is an older building,and the hospital has plenty of back up power options,he should stay where he would be available for emergency cases. He would have warm,(but bland) food and drinks, and he can be put in que to get to a working shower everyday (but be curtious, because there was a line with the entire camped out staff sharing reasources. He felt he did not miss THIS from his service days!)
"Just another double life set up,using someone with money to support someone who can't keep it" Sherlock said as he looked at the wife "thank you,but I should be leaving. Anything from here is all legal work, and we work in investigative consulting,not divorce".
"I could not part from my assistant" Mycroft said,then pointed at one of his guards."You! Gerald! Your background said you were the oldest of 5. An infant is not too hard to handle for you?"
"Apparently,all of the snakes were driven from Ireland by a saint. Was not aware Ireland ever had the climate for many reptiles,but then I looked further and it made sense"
After soaping up and washing his hair,John turned the water off when he was well rinsed. He dried off with a towel he wrapped around his waist, and stepped into the room.
Well,this went much longer and got much kinkier than I thought,but sticking with some meanings of the prompt and doing good and making connections beyond and not considering yourself. Well, when Sherlock wants to do good and not think of himself, being a tease comes easy. John's less afraid to admit to any downfalls (see to his bff)  but being ok with being attracted to a man when he hasn't his whole life would be a huge change for a guy and bring out insecurities.(aside from homophobia, there's a lot suddenly seen as not known) I know I'll have to re edit the crap out of this, because I wrote it while being asked to help out with a video game I've never played before and don't have an account on. But I keep getting asked to help because I point out the obvious and all I ever do on my phone is delete emails and order more books 😊
John said nothing, but slipped something through the rocks and a clank was soon heard. A spool of rope was taken out, and apparently one end was attached to whatever John put in the rocks.
It wasn't until they were dropped off at 221B and inside before Sherlock started talking, and only then not until their ride was going down the street.
Soon the door buzzed, and they stood on either side of the door watching the cart of food and glasses of juice be wheeled in as John held the door open.
"Ohhh! Mmmmm" John seemed to hit a good spot on his right shoulder, but he knew giving an area too much attention can be just as bad as ignoring it. He moved to work on the lower back,which had oddly enough,started to tighten.
Looking in the fridge,he saw the latest carton of milk John had bought that hasn't been put to use yet
" Now now you two" the woman said,making a down motion with both hands. "You can see we're in good luck!You can't get a good negotiating piece if he's too upset". She looked at Sherlock and down " this one we could get a great price on in a side trade."
He could hear John taking it someplace nearby,but with the stove close by,he just sat cross legged in front of it.
" I also keep a blog up about the cases my flatmate and I help the metro police with." John said softly.
" That should be everything,let me get these out of the front, and you two could sign them and should be done. This will clear things up,and make no need having to take a trip to the office" Lestrade said.
Knowing how to get something that close to him, without seeing the one who had scribbled the map (even after trying his own tracing back), he knew to take the threat seriously.
The rope slid freely adjusting to the metal on his belt, but Sherlock did not move until the rope stopped and he felt a small jerk. He did smile hearing John's voice, but it was obvious John had made his first land.
When that side of London required that all schools and parks remove all the sand from thier sandboxes, dried bodies were still changing which sandbox they were to be found in.
A couple of tents with groups of men in costumes talking around them seemed pretty normal. Aside from they went out of thier way to not have much to do with the circle of women, and had mixes reactions to John talking to them.
John was soon off, and they made a few of these landings (with Sherlock catching up afterwards) before hitting a solid, or at least solidly gravel bottom.
This was odd, but it blended in the shadows of the rocky uneven, ground here. This was certainly not London, but not a place that had much even ground anywhere. John tugged on the rope when they were both on the ground, and it was pulled up before the helicopter rose and was soon gone.
"Whatever, everything is almost done,thier part is done now" Donavon said,"if he wants us to leave them here, let's just follow orders" she said as she got in her car and slowly her car followed Lestrade's.
"These bandages are stiff, but I still want out of these clothes. I've sweat too much in them and it's too warm in here. I don't mind the bandages and cleaning, but that was a bit more than what I've done in a good while" Sherlock said,leaning against the back of the elevator. John put a palm on Sherlock's head. No fever, but sweaty and starting to get jitters. Oh yes,big adrenaline come down. John knew all of the symptoms well,and felt refreshed during times like that, but Sherlock was not John. Regardless,he knew Sherlock would feel a lot of the effects from the up close tackling and fight tommorow morning as well.
I went to a coffee place with my notes and plans to map out and put something else together,but being reminded I wasn't quite through here yet just left me with something I couldn't leave alone
John thought this odd coming from Sherlock,but he sensed him darting his head down and shaking when lightning hit,so he thought it best not to comment.
They disconnected from the rope, and Sherlock led with the maps, directions and observations in his head.
Usually Sherlock did not bother with the steps taken to be mannerly according to others, but his hair did make a crispy noise and a layer of dried sweat over his skin did bring a light itch.
The waiter showed up with thier orders on a tray, and gave Amber a bowl of mixed cereal John could not recognize in chocolate milk.
The weather had left everything down for days. Rules could bend here, and they were not expecting guests. No one would expect them for some time,so for now,John thought,he should just  keep making sure to keep up simple things like making coffee, making sure Sherlock eats, and getting Sherlock to break down and explain his theories,one step at a time.
The luggage was being taken out from another storage section at the bottom of the plane, and the young, drugged son was taken out of the duffel bag. He had been ducktaped into a curled ball before being stuffed in and wrapped in clothes,but still. With the large luggage storage location, before the plane had reached too high of an altitude,he would have frozen and suffocated on the too thin air.
Mycroft held the door open slightly and whispered towards Sherlock. " Both clothes being cleaned? And you still have band aids still on your arms even with the shower. Must have been a wild night for both of you"
Sherlock walked in the kitchen and looked through the cabinet, getting a cylinder out. He then poured from the cylinder into a small pot, and set it by the sink.
Soon,as if on cue, Sherlock was seen holding the tape up for John. They both came closer to the scene, and Anderson and Donavon were only too content to step back as Sherlock and John went to the scene and seemed unfazed.
Sherlock found a large size explosive in the room, and nodded to John in a way that was silently understood. Sooner or later, shoot the IED to kill all 3 of them and end the underhand destruction Moriarty had once again,set up under many legal noses.
"I can fix at least one mistake that you made that upset you" Sherlock said, holding the bowl of hot cereal mixture up with the spoon handle sticking out of the side.
"You should relax more,you don't look well at all and we can all see it" Mrs. Hudson  whispered in Sherlock's ear.
Sherlock and John looked at each other and exchanged smiles. It wasn't worth fighting what anyone thought anymore. John always insisted on what he thought was their own ideas and fighting for clarification of...whatever... wasn't worth it right now.
Sherlock pointed out the small path, was this a path to a child's remote control car? Before John carefully stepped out, careful to keep balanced with the bags on his back.
"I'm up now" John said, standing up and stretching." The pressure from snowing outside doesn't help, but to get through this last nightmare,and to work my shoulder back in place.... I'm going to the downstairs pool. You can join me if you want, no need to swim or anything. You can go over the case in your mind palace and never leave...I think they have a hot tub here too"
After his parents passed away in a car accident,he inherited thier debts, and could not go to the art academy he had been accepted at.
Ok,I got this e done very early,but it turned out so cheesy and mush! Hopefully I didn't do wrong by any characters,and I'll take any crit and suggestions for it! Let me know what you think, even if this is too mushy! I played with the abstract idea of handle but then threw in an obvious in the beginning just in case anyone got fussy and nitpicky,but if you don't like it, tell me and I can cut that bit out without disrupting the tale.
Sherlock got an extra trash bag from the bottom of the hotel trash can,and darted about, gathering all of his clothes by the chair. Went ahead and threw in John's clothes folded by the bathroom and held the tied bag in his fist in the hallway, setting it by the door. Careful to not make noise or draw attention before closing the door back.
"Mr. Nercalor was intent on killing his son out of revenge on his ex wife. He had already set the child up to freeze and not make it on very high altitude air. Drugging him senseless only helped in those means, and you saved him before ambulance could get stuck in London traffic, anyone would wait on results...I think you are the lifesaver John"
"So I'm not allowed a break?! I'm not looking to get married again, but I do need some break from my work,cases, changing diapers, and being stuck in these same walls tonight!" John then sighed,took a large drink from his glass and crouched in his seat leaning into his crooked arms, staring at the floor, trying not to cry.
"Much of that is muscle control, and unless you choose this to be over, I'm not done yet" Sherlock said with a seductive grin, looking John in the eyes while moving his head lower.
John then walked over and nudged Sherlock's legs apart before sitting between them. He leaned back into his chest, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and rubbed his chilled nose into the side of John's neck.
"I've been very busy finding you two, and between the cloaking, and online invisibility that almost leaves a trail on its own, I haven't been in need to eat for a while." Sherlock said "Very clever, but I do not think it was purely your doing at all,if any. I do not mean to be rude, but where is your 'captain' at this moment?"
"I did what I could, since there hasn't been any more cheese bought since my last fermentation and mold experiment, but you don't have to look at it like that! The toes and ears are on the very bottom shelf and are not in any part of your sandwich" Sherlock said, watching John with a smirk.
" He must be pretty desperate to be playing with fire, or he must be from another area. Even then, I'm sure word gets out pretty far" one guy said,dressed in a strange,wrinkled, metallic, costume with pointed ears. Not like Sherlock at all,so not human,but not vulcan?
" No need to get worked up. I found a smaller model that was injected,but it still needs time to adjust. I have a dose with inhibitors I could inject you with if you want to be back to yourself for a few hours, But!" And he stood up and put a finger over Sherlock's lips. "No more than that! You will still have your mind of course, but the bridges you have made over the past few years? Well, I will leave that for you to destroy yourself. Then I will have my own fun and my dear terms it will not be hard for you to consent to for me"
There were too many wrecks and injuries, and it was decided he would stay several days and nights. There were no accidents with buses,which was reassuring,but several staff knew about where John lived.
Not only did everything stay settled with this small family and early marriage,but later in the week Mrs. Hudson stopped by with a tray of scones.
"That is why we are still here! To hell with it,I came as a redshirt" a man,who was in a red costume walked up and said and everyone cheered.
Lestrade got into the front seat of his car, with the suspect cuffed in the back. He rolled the window down and looked out at Anderson. "Get that recording to the office. I'll be there soon with the papers after this one" he pointed behind him, " Gets behind bars. I'll call and tell them I'm on the way so everyone can drive thier own cars back and we can meet back up at my office."
"Why can't we both be on the floor like you said? You have mentioned I would have no trouble blending in with many on several occasions," John said.
" I don't need whatever may or may not be here. Just take it out, that's why my head doesn't feel right. Moriarty said I would lose motivation,not look right in others eyes close to me"
John held his hands by his head and parted his legs, "We are not trying to cause any trouble and are willing to co-operate," he said calmly glaring at Sherlock.
"You get in the way of an international conference for more than childish bickering. And of course your timing is too perfect. What must this be about?" Mycroft followed close by, unlocking his office and having both men step inside before closing the door.
"I have guards set up at different points all around this hotel. Didn't think you would actually come down to a pool after what Moriarty did, much less with the one he strapped a bomb to, but you like much like staying unpredictable brother mine" Mycroft said, from beside the elevator.
"Lestrade will meet us at the station, although how Mycroft knows to take us there I don't care to know. He has done more than enough meddling for me,you would think keeping an eye on the inns and outs of Britain would be enough! " Sherlock turned and looked back at John,still taking the steps down. " If we were up to more than just swimming,that was not for him to stick his nose into! It's almost tempting just to make him jealous, but it's really not for him to know".
"Do any of your staff know a thing about watching a sleeping infant?" Sherlock said in a quiet,but rushed tone.
Wanted to show how trafficking and sex acts are often used in real life (and taught early for such) as more of a business and power control move than anything fun or flirty. For so many,if you don't know better and many abused are taught not to trust many outside of the family,you don't turn against the source of abuse.
"Hasn't been used in years, but the solar is doing fine," Sherlock said, then pointed in a far corner. "We can get anything rained on dry if that's started, and we should lay clothes on the floor near it and they should be dry by morning. Mycroft should have a closet where we can get dry clothes to sleep in, and yes!" he said as his eyes went to a corner, "there is a bathroom that he likely has installed with luxuries the locals here, all 28 of them of course, would consider just frivolous! There's wood stacked in the corner in front of the kitchen. You can get the wood stove started and I'll help arrange everything that needs to be catalogued and dried."
Unfortunately,one of those things involved killing,then incinerating the body of the teenager that found what was assumed to be hidden for years.
He decided he was going to examine and ice or massage the back of his head and shoulders where it was swelling when they got to thier room.
He cut the wrapping from Sherlock's mouth, and kissed him before waving a man dressed in scrubs over to them.
He turned the water off. He must be exhausted if his head is going back to where there was no chance of being wanted there.
When has Sherlock not been known to get to a direct point?  He got up,threw away his trash, and got back to work.
"Lestrade wants us to keep questioning every 3 hours in case you forgot something" Anderson said,in a bit of a stammer." Usually this is done more often as proto-"
John gave Sherlock a smile and a challenging glare. "As long as you don't want me to change any of it, and as long as you know better than to insult the one serving you tea. You HAVE poisoned me once long ago, so it would only fit".
Looking over, Sherlock had taken the packed folder with him. Leaving John to carry both fully packed bags.
Things should keep warm longer, without getting into a large flaming fire.(looks better to others,but goes out quicker as well as makes more fire wasting ash)
"The paperwork will be a mess, but it tends to be more often than not" Lestrade continued." I know it's very late to be this far from Baker Street,but the new hotel that first noticed inconsistencies in it's accounts and started this whole case said it found a room for you two for the night"
They soon got to adventures checking off different life to do lists, and still go back to Sussex every few decades to raise bees again.
"About time someone got here, keep watch here in case they come back,but I feel they won't. If she's kept on the run,she won't have time to bother with too much trouble. At least not anything that couldn't be kept small. Here's the phone I was given. " Sherlock said, recognizing the pilot as one of the MET staff he saw at times,but never got to know well."Everything recorded in a long sound file. She knows better than to try too much now,her and her pet, even if they didn't know they were recorded. Stretch your legs and let's get back to London John!" Sherlock said, giving the cell to Lestrade,who had ridden along before jumping a few times and walking towards the helicopter.
John could not last. Everything was perfect in the way that such times are often fleeting. He looked up to see barely open, blissful eyes staring down at him with black curls in a haphazard mess around his face.
If proven true,it would show a dangerous incompetence and ruin the reputations of ones over English rule. Many would lose trust from the populace, and many enemies could easily have a field day showing off how easily access to apparent secrets was gained.
Hand holding, tucking him in bed, helping with the house, cases and laundry....fine, he might as well take that with a grain of salt too. Things have never been the same or anything close to normal since he met this man, but he no longer saw any harm at all in not really wanting things to be any other way.
Ok, I'm ending it here. There are plans for 2 more chapters, and I'll be re editing tommorow before I add. Let me hear any thoughts or impressions, yes butt inspiration will be in this story, just not this chapter. I'm still a bit worn out right now,but any more will lead to other storylines I have planned.
"Now if we could get a boat rented to get there, we would have many eyes on us, not just Greg's! Where do we even go from here?" John gave an irritated growl.
He did what any soldier did, and rolled in the trenches, away from danger for now. Another shot heard, then things quieted down.
Later on, John had also seemed to live there. He seemed to take the stairs most evenings to sleep wherever they led to.
"No need for that, I know I need a shower,you need a place for your mind to go." John said, smiling up "why don't we start with the first idea,see where it goes from there, and by the end, we'll either both be worn out and snoring,or I could make us some nighttime tea?"
When Rosie had been dropped off at Molly's, John got back in the car and looked at Sherlock as he buckled in.
Well,in all the years of tutoring and babysitting kids, I know often the kids problems start with the parents. I also grew up having several medical folk in the family,so I hope when I characterize John, I don't make him out to be like someone from the E.R drama.
John was soon lifted up and set carefully down,laying back in front of the fireplace. His eyes were glazed, and he wimpered as Sherlock slowly lifted his mouth off of his cock,toungue swirling the whole time.
"I'll almost give you a week to stop what you're doing John *sigh*,but when you're done, do you know what all that can be used for, aside from the rubbing I would never turn down?"
"If you want to forget this ever happened, I'll respect it. If you want to go on another boring date and wish? Your choice. I won't be in your way. I will be here when you want to cry again, What I mean is" he grabbed John's shoulder and the front of his shirt and pulled him close,giving him a soft,but very exploratory kiss.
"See who might work a job or for a company they are very overqualified for. That's a start,see if there are any forges or other means to an art,used by someone not known for it at all." Sherlock said before adding," they must be from a large, open area near,but not in London"
"It was fascinating to watch, and I might watch it again later, but down here, I can see that," Sherlock pointed to a lightning flash reflected on a desk mirror by the door. Then thunder started rolling. "And feel that." He finished with a long drawn out whisper. "I won't make a sound, and you can have either bed to sleep."
Have also been writing this while helping someone who ate something that had one of his allergies mixed in it. Food allergies are not fun, and it's not something that can just be slept off.(even though he is exhausted. Puking all night will do that to anyone)
John had an idea. He didn't want to give Sherlock any bruising, and the idea of wrestling...'not now' he thought to his hard on starting to rise at the flashing thoughts of holding down and brushing against different parts of a moving Sherlock. Always at the worst times it seemed.
"Please come in, I was expecting you. Now just head up those steps" Sherlock said,as he closed the door behind Gary.
Sherlock pointed at each one as they walked by and mouthing words before stopping at one in the middle and hitting the button.
He soon heard the kettle boiling and looked to the kitchen, where a plaid clad John was there, fixing tea for both.
"We need to get out of here!" John whispered harshly,"this is high level tranquilizer used for horses or cattle.Several IVs and fluid pills could flush this out of your system if we get out fast enough".
Our daughter? Mycroft stayed quiet. He never thought he would hear such a thing from his brother,but he had no time to argue. Something about him did sound very different.
Lestrade- You're bringing John into this too? You do listen to him better than you have any of us, wish both of you luck!
This had left Sherlock restless. Pacing through the apartment at odd hours, shooting the wall until John had fussed at him to not use up all of their ammo on something inanimate.
"So now we are looking at the end scenes in a fashion, but do you have an idea what we should look for along with artist?" Lestrade said, shaking his head.
The way to the front room was blocked off with a mostly clear,amber colored sliding door and a neon poster was lit up and hanging to the side of it.
Sherlock woke and peeked downwards. Apparently the warmth he held onto, wrapped around his neck belonged to a familiar pair of arms that smelled like John.
It had been a long evening shift, and he was happy to be home,but he knew from the texts he received on the way he wouldn't be there long before him and Sherlock had a place to be.
They were taken back home,where Gerald was on the couch rocking a sleeping Rosie wrapped in a blanket.
"Show me what exactly? Because I didn't have to leave that crowd so soon" Sherlock mumbled, keeping his eyes away and his head pointed downward.
"Not picky at all, but I'm not doing any contests for a while. The case that started this,the 15 year old that won the drinking contest at the Babylon 5 meet up?" Said a guy dressed....quite oddly.
Amused, he thought Sherlock's spine would be a petrified forest in Lesbos. Loosened, but he could still see every bump along his backbone.
Sherlock dabbled heavily at the whiteness before he was able to get a small chunk of it,held by the q tips before placing it all in the bag John gave him.
"Not odd so much" Sherlock put his cup down and stepped closer to John,placing his hands on John's hips." Fights come when people keep being so stupid when they should know better. I have this salt that,as typical,raises the boiling point for a few around him. Times past when other moods have been risen out of me. Recently I thought such a thing was completely under my control. Yet you know how to bring me under with a touch of your control" Sherlock said with a sigh.
Sherlock was at the corner of a desk, and gave a slow, large grin before stepping out towards the doorway and pulling John's arm. They walked past Mycroft as he stepped out of the way and locked the door to his office again before stepping back in the hallway.
John took a breath,then spoke calmly looking at Moriarty. " I know this is all a game for you, but where is Sherlock? Why are you keeping him?"
"Thank you" John said, sipping from his cup. "Although many would think it odd to stabilize the great Sherlock Holmes into just as bland as the rest of us to prevent more fights than usual"
"It isn't a get rich quick blog,it only keeps getting more readers,which easily become more clients, and it keeps going" John said calmly, "so, have you done well with what you do with video games?"
" As long as everyone is pressured to stay in thier own huts,and no one wants to put up with the wind and snow to so much as steal... After doing the final step in cleaning up the dyed,starch mess in the kitchen,yes. It made bubbles and cleaned the drain,yes,she saw every step of that"
Not the first time he's shared a bed with him whether while talking or on a case. Maybe sharing a bed would either not be for long,(when nightmares of different kinds came back to John at night) or could at least be more solid healing than trying to sleep alongside and not harm a young child.
He listened to the traffic on the road, several yards to his right. He heard a dog barking,then the owner laughing and playing with it. He kept walking forward, hearing the snow crunch under his feet.
"I already got more than I had planned on finding. You're very right, the drones might be further up to stay dry," he said before his excitement had him semi bouncing upstairs. Even with the bag weight.
He wrapped the towel around his chest, then walked over to his shirt and the chair he was using to let clothes dry on. He took off his boots, hiking bottoms, and wiggled his pants down and off before adjusting the towel around his waist, and walking to the bathroom, picking up the folded, selected nightwear on the way.
He quickly jerked inside with a gasp and stood against the inside of the wall while Sherlock was quick to run over.
Have to get a few things handled once it's midnight anyways so... I'll see what kind of a mess I'll spit out ahead of time!
This was soon met with impatient thrusting until Sherlock started licking behind John's balls. This started with slow,long licks until Sherlock really found small spots to quickly use his tastebuds for friction.
Sherlock was still out like a light, so he got up, pulled one of the blankets half off of the bed, and tucked it around Sherlock.
Sherlock went up to 'deaf man's in armored costume and looked at his arms. Made to be puffy,like the legs had been, and the footsteps. The weight was very centered, and the toes of the feet barely sank in the step.
"Why should that be a problem? We have a case, and my shoulders acting up. There was nothing planned about this,and your brother can swim or stay in his mind palace in the hot tub for all I care"John retorted.
The blood tests showed different levels of several tranquilizers,as if different ones were administered over time. A level of Zoladex was found along with extremely low levels of testosterone in Sherlock's bloodstream.
"You're not near as boring as I had feared"Moriarty said in a hiss,"not as mindless as most, and you can be a bit fierce when you let yourself" he ended, with a small grin.
They were on a cab home after the police had everyone, the rest there were cleared to go home or to their hotels, and Sherlock told and made sure it was written down where the missing people must be kept at.
He's done this before of course,but he's never been much of a romantic type. Not one who confused unnecessary rushing feelings as anything but hormones like oxytocin and adrenaline.Many often use this  to deceive with and keep convincing others that they are bonded so wrongdoing keeps getting overlooked. Whether this be deceiving a partner, or like what some young adults do 'forever faithful' to older types that will pay and spoil them for company,business interpretation, and sex.
He looked Sherlock up and down. Oh yes, the old black swim shorts that were a little small on John fit Sherlock...too well, but he turned and looked straight forward. Getting distracted got nothing done! Nothing with the case,OR the nightmares...And Sherlock would never understand anyways. But the shorts were nearly a pair of speedo's on him...
"I was able to get my parents a 3 story house off of what I made with Fortnite alone!...I don't care what many in my family thinks, I don't need anyone like you to take care of me". She took another bite and seemed to wave him off
Apparently in London there was a cereal killer cafe' thought up be an American rap artist with silly sounding specials.
Sherlock tried not to give Moriarty the satisfaction of hearing pained noises come from him as the man in scrubs took out his catheter. Last he remembered, he was chasing a suspect found guilty for being given cash to 'arrange' murders via operational procedures to turn into fatal accidents.
Sherlock peeked outside of the wall looking up and over, then his head and eyes seemed to follow a trail down and over as he smiled. Completely wet on the side facing outside, and lightning highlighting him and his grin.
"As you wish. " John kept talking,so Sherlock would have something to focus on other than his thigh being cut and adjusted as the implant was nudged to one side and moved out. " It would have the same effect as fixing a dog. You would get lazy, your metabolism would slow down, libido would not be a thought...well!" He said, keeping one side nudged and wiggling, seeing the other end of the implant surfaced,where it was pinched and easily taken out.*Now that it is gone,you should be back to normal by next week and" John mentioned, putting a band aid over the cut on his thigh " I would be back to no help getting decent weight on you for long".
No one developed an instinct for when to trust people,when to hide from them,or when and how to fight them locked in a house most days. He felt picking up on such starting early in life would have helped him so much when he started things,such as college's and being within Mycroft's reach to be used in his politics early as well. He knew she would be walked over and dropped off right before the time John should be home from work.
"You know I won't! So for a place you've never been to, you know right where the matches are," John joked, too tired to be irritated at Sherlock for much.
"I'll have to take you off this case Anderson" Lestrade said sternly, stepping towards him. " If any of this could be true,then you can't be allowed on the field unless perhaps,you can show yourself to be valuable enough to be brought along with someone who can block whatever you may try. For now, there's many spreadsheets to be worked in the office". Dimmock marched Anderson to be put in the back of the investigation can,hands kept up and kept in sight.
John soon followed behind, getting the shirt, slacks and trail of clothes picked up before looking over at the bed. Well, if he has been guarding him, cleaning up after him, and Sherlock was not in a hurry to let go of his hand earlier...was even the first to calm himself by grabbing John's hand....this shouldn't be too much.
"I'll eat when this is over and I get something else entirely deducted first. You just got off work, and need to get something more solid than the bland hospital fare if you really want to help"
"Thank you John, I kept the sugars on top of the refrigerator, because our daughter definitely has your determination. I can get just enough if you fix the coffee and hand it to me."*yawn*
He felt an odd texture. Cotton lining,over a rubberized layer,but the fabric and poles still made it portable.
"Show is the main point. I will come after you, then it explains here and here"Sherlock pointed to several printed pages of paper."This Edwardo Gutierrez will step in the ring and dash towards you trying this" he pointed at another page " as a pummel move,which will not be hard to get out of the way of. I run between both of you here and here " he touched his toes to more paperwork. "Giving you the drive, and I will be busy fighting him and interacting with the cameras while you get the drive in one of the main computers over the cameras and hit the small sequence of numbers,letters, and symbols you will have memorized. Then everything will be worldwide, Lestrade and Mycroft will be waiting behind the cameras here and here with handcuffs, paperwork,a recorder, and the wife that exposed all of this will be safely talking to all 3 of them on a cell phone connected to the intercom of the building."
221B was nearly spotless. John had resorted to stress cleaning some nights to calm down when the ear plugs would not work with the violin massacre happening by the window. For some time, conversations were approached tentatively, and that could too easily be turned into another argument by a increasingly moody Sherlock.
It had mostly seen Sherlock,who sometimes also conversed with it at times,but it had no way to answer back.
Looking down he saw feet facing the other direction and forward,also knocking the insides of the knees belonging to the coat.
"This helped me once, when I was far away and in a bind. I didn't want to use it too often, because of everything else it brings. Lots of feelings that remain impractical to have right now, but maybe keeping this at a human perspective is why it hasn't been solved." Sherlock said before he began to shrink.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair with his hands propped in front of his face,but his coat and boots were still on.
John leaned back into Sherlock's chest, and without moving his eyes he adjusted his hands and arms to allow room for John.
"Hopefully a long time" Sherlock walked up beside John and said. "It didn't take long to overhear the grapevine you have in your office Lestrade. Even among them, there's a difference of opinion on how much of a crime this really is. Like if the perpetrator is a woman,it's not as bad  Like everything is and revolves around the same ideas about sex. You could use some eyes and observation to get her turned in, Anderson fits none of those qualifications"
This one was far from Baker Street, and took a few bus changes to arrive at,but perhaps different could mean successful he hoped.
Hope I didn't end this on too dark of a note. We all know how the boys feel about each other, even if the line between respect and denial is nearly invisible. Hopefully I respected that as well.
The two walked over and plopped on the couch, soon hearing footsteps and a familiar, "Yoo hoo boys! Is it just you two?" before Mrs. Hudson peeked over with a smile and a covered tray.
The suspect's alibi checked out, but the janitor with obsessive compulsive issues and unusually clean shoe laces with stained shoes.....
They were soon seeing what looked to be a beach house, but one wisely built with a concrete like roof.
"I'll keep this up every Wednesday evening under one condition" Sherlock said,rising from the kitchen counter and coming closer,with his practice sword behind his back and tucked into part of his belt.
As the door was unlocked, both men stumbled in,winded as the door was slammed behind them. Reports were given, paperwork had been signed, and thier work on that case was finally over!
As Lestrade drove away,John came downstairs, got what was finished cooking in the pan,cut it in half and made plates for both of them.
He them rubbed his face hard, until he was left with his usual blank and unreadable look, and walked Mrs. Hudson back to the stairs and closed the door.
"People think what they want,IF they think at all. I gave Lestrade a direction to look into,and told him to meet us at the station by Tyler street. He shouldn't be too long,then we can track a few places to see if a solar meat dehydrater is still set up in one of those,or if it has been moved!" Sherlock ranted before grabbing the plastic and going into his room.
Peeking over at the windows being dark,it was obvious to John that it was night again. Peeking around the floor,the messes and many things that needed to be put up correctly and cleaned before morning came back,he had work to get to,Molly would drop off Rosie before her work...
This did not go at all like I had planned,but it's very late again,and once I started typing,they just did thier own running. Did not mean for this date to go like this either,but another case of what is planned vs what happens. Still our silver haired soldier boy looks like he should not be in charge of picking his own dates. Still making the same mistakes, still not seeing who actually takes care of him....
John was jumping in place, but Sherlock leaned over towards the street and waved a cab over. They got in the back seat and Sherlock told the driver "221B, usual place Harvey, make it quick"
"Well, not everyone has seen what we have, lived through what we have, or" and John walked over and planted a kiss on Sherlock's lips before handing him his cup and going to sit in his own chair with his cup" has a mind that could even keep up with yours. Some of my patients I would like to knock out. Some try to hide or make allowances for the ones that keep putting them in there" John sipped and continued " many parents try to forget that thier children are made to be quite durable and not everything is an emergency. Worries only come from some that never seem to notice a thing when there IS an emergency with thier child"John said, laying back and rolling his eyes.
Marty,who worked hematology at John's work, thought this would be a good way to get his cousin out of the house and more familiar with the higher class of London.
"Can't sleep now? I'm often the first one up" Sherlock mumbled. He was no expert on people, but he could tell when something seemed off with John.
Yup,goofy concept idea to play with, weird research I might have to do, let's let our boys loose and see how this killer turns out...
John nodded. With so much set up to serve the ever growing population,that is now no longer limited to only working and living on the same ground,that would be the only way to limit people being anywhere near Sherlock's room and work areas.
John had not dated anyone who could do what Sherlock seemed to do easily. He gave a low moan and came hard down Sherlock's throat. Any attempts at nudging him a break were swatted away.
The man who had said he was not doing a contest patted Sherlock on the back. "That's Carl" he said,"we see him around at different cons,but he is deaf. He texted he was only recently deaf after an accident at his work,so he doesn't have the hang of sign language just yet. Go tell him hi. Well, don't TELL him hi,just text it on your phone and show him. He has his own,so he can text back. He doesn't like trading numbers because he's a very private person"
"That would be Katy! She enlisted as soon as she aged out of foster care!" John caught himself and quieted down, looking at the lump on the chair. He soon looked right at Sherlock with a smile and kept stirring the stew before leaving it behind with a lid on it.
John gave him his coffee, and he walked to the refrigerator and shook a few sugar cubes out of what was a reporposed cereal box before stirring them in and walking to John.
Sherlock messed up on the stroke with the bow of his violin. After the high pitched shrill noise that shrieked from the bow,he stopped to get his thoughts together for a moment.
"The coffee just finished over there,and I'll start on the eggs. Think I'll make omelettes with what's leftover,and if Rosie hasn't eaten when she gets dropped off, there's oatmeal to fix for her."
He didn't like to work on cases alone anymore, despite having done so at different times for a good part of his life. He sighed,this was arranged,not by the MET, but by proof he was not alone.
The cuffs and chains were taken off of him, but fortunately, the man in scrubs was able to take on more and more of Sherlock's weight until he carried him. Arm over his shoulder, he kept testing Sherlock until he was able to half carry, half guide a staggering
"I don't think that's necessary if they will dry on thier own. We have a stake out within a convention to get to and try to blend in. Let's see how we're getting there and get started" Sherlock jerked away, almost too quickly before adjusting and standing up.
With the cell plugged into a solar charger by the window,he saw that it was 2am. Still dark outside, but more should be added to the fire to keep things warm, at least until many such as the man in his chair liked getting up. Will likely get back to walking around with his cell, worrying about a signal and contact again.
"It will go quicker if we work together, I'll get the ropes, and you keep the crank going on your side."
"If that is the case, many parents would not approve. But that is a side of being a doctor and WITH you I know not to doubt".
Mycroft left to ride to his office. John was amused that the other Holmes brother likely knew the extra time in the new,high class hotel was paid for with the card he had originally given to Sherlock.
Ok I threw this back to pretty early on,right after the move back to Baker Street. We all know Sherlock,he has feelings, even if he often comes off as almost rude or harsh expressing them.
"That is the other business they wanted me to be part of. They suggested using the meeting with Mycroft to thier advantage. They were trying to drug me until I would have no choice"
"A case! and access I need has been blocked off by the police, so I was seeing if everything in the air was in current use. Also wanted to see if I could return something to you until we get back."
Sherlock looked around as if looking for reference points before climbing up, then downward inside of this 'well'.
Many fans liked the idea of seeing behind the scenes,but many details were understandably left offline.
"No to what Sherlock? After tearing up a pair of my jeans? After what happened in your chair and on the rug there,it will take more than case talk and cups of tea to keep this down for long."John said pointing to his crotch" I would like a few answers,I would like to see this shifting you talk about, and if that's what it takes for another round, I used to be known for going more than one round with the ladies"
Sherlock smiled and did a quick wash before  throwing the washcloth into the dirty clothes. He then got under the blankets, and made a space he patted beside him.
Well, I don't usually have Rosie in a story, unless off to the side. I think many of us have been overseers of the hyperactive,super aware monsters in endeavors politely called baby sitting so....
"I kept them upright along the inside of one of my socks. When this is over, and police force from a wider spread than London get shown to be the blind idiots they keep being, I knew I would need a smoke. Or a few packs of smokes. In a place like this, things have to be built for durability and to not rely on a public power source. I hope getting hot water has lasted as well."
Who was he to argue with someone who couldn't listen? This wouldn't mean much to him, and if John didn't move the towel knot out of the way,there would be no signs that would lead to a clash of interests.
John had looked closely at the bodies, and they had been dried out in a way that wasn't natural,but no chemicals were found in thier cells. He now thought back
Much as Sherlock seemed flustered,as soon as they were out(and thunder was light, because it had started raining) 999 was called and they were in an ambulance to the hospital.
When they finally got home for good at 221B,after everything was signed and stated,and people who thought they were untraceable were put behind bars.
The building was surrounded, and no one was left to leave until everyone was checked by what was recorded in Sherlock's phone, and in the microphone recordings in Sherlock and John's ear sets. Many were found, and while a map or list of the missing were not found, there was a lot of talking and deals made while Sherlock was sweeping up a mess near the discussion during the meeting.
"He is a Doctor Anderson, and if things like dead tissue is enough to make you shove your work in his hands for HIM to do,then maybe you should find a job we don't have to do for you either" Sherlock grumbled, glaring at Anderson as he then focused his attention on John.
He had been lost in his mind palace again, which he felt he should be ashamed of and have better control over.
John walked inside 221B .A long, hectic night shift was sprung on him when the Doctor that usually worked Monday nights in that part of the hospital was sent home. This was after being treated for a broken ankle.
Nothing was found with a quick look but 3 old floppy drives. These were secured in one of John's bags before they came to a door. The door opened up.
The lucha libre competition went on, filmed in the giant, underground done near the trains. The "hero' of the match was arrested, and latee found to have several wives and a husband in different countries,along with finances from international illegal trades.
Sh- The perpetrator will be trading details concerning the missing persons at the event taking place at the new opening and meeting area going on tonight at the new government tech headquarters.
Fortunately, there were two beds. One was parallel to the window and open. The downpour of rain made it hard to see anything outside until lightning flashed again.
Lestrade was there, and had the suspect cuffed and in his car while Anderson was right by him, Sherlock, and John.
"John," Sherlock said nearby, softly. "The hail is back, and that is all. It's Sherlock. We are in Lundy. Getting evidence. That is all. You were curled against the wall before you rolled down here. Can you talk?"
Well,to keep things along,this is the 2nd chapter I'll write today, because my schedule is packed, and I doubt I'm alone
He closed the door and set the milk on the counter, with one hand still holding a smiling Sherlock. He got two cups down, and two bowls with two light, plastic plates before walking over to the pantry and getting the oatmeal still, with one free hand.
This is another super late chapter again,but we all know how life loves to interfer with any endeavors that may have relaxing side effects (even if it is many edits later, I'll start another edit after brunch before I map out and type the next chapter)
"This is an artist. They likely know more than one form of art. Those can be very dangerous and quite the challenge to figure out. This could get fun." Sherlock said,smiling into his closed hands.
John blushed and looked back at the parade. He should have figured it was long planned. His knees, wrists, and many places were still sore, but apparently he liked being pinned the way Sherlock had done it, even if the ambition was the last thing he was expecting.(though he can't say it was unwanted by any means). You don't need to stab something through to keep it wanting to stay in place.
When both pairs of feet were precariously on the landing, Sherlock patted John's shoulder, smiled, and told him, "Next."
The freak even knew how to chemically reverse it back to red, and how to get bits of DNA from a fringe of jacket that missed the spray cleaning.
John took a few breaths,looked up at Sherlock and quietly huffed. "You should know better than to corner me. What is the meaning for this? This is-"
All the ones that have come into Sherlock"s life. Looking to outsmart,outwit or charn him somehow. Those never took long to stay gone, even if it was because they were now behind bars.
"Hello? Is this from the one putting things on part of my lawn?" He pushed the button and talked into what hoped was a recorder,or an old,distance talking device.
With a loud *crack* John covered his ears until he saw solid rock. Moving the torch over, it was solid, symmetrical rock that had no algae.
"I'll be here until morning. Decide what you want,and I will respect it. You're welcome in here too, but no need to rush if that's really what you want. I don't want to be another bad decision made in a hurry"
The coffeemaker dinged as it finished,and John made cups for both. With one in each hand,he walked over and set his on the table near his chair.
This was not at all like the clearly defined exchanges he's done in his past for drugs when Mycroft saw to that he couldn't access his own funds.
"Solved the case you two were somehow allowed on, now we will be out of your hair, until you need something else figured out for you" Sherlock said bowing, before both him and John turned and walked away.
John was soon back with two cups of hot tea made the way both liked thiers. Drinking the hot tea settled Sherlock somewhat, but he still wasn't in the mood to get up or even pace much. He figured he would spend a lot of the time sleeping this sick feeling off,but he watched as John took a sip,set his cup down,then walked over to unplug the phones and the TV before sitting back down.
The chicken and rice was quickly taken care of before a well dressed couple sat at one of the tables. They looked around,and soon waved Sherlock over.
"But I will be meeting up with someone I was set up to see tonight!" John turned angrily at Sherlock.
" What have you made sense of about the case,or" John looked around, waving his hand in front of the fireplace."this mess.....wait,that doesn't look like firewood" he said, staring at the wood pile.
Sherlock rose up and kept looking downwards. He soon rolled off the bed and looked at John,crouched by the side of the bed.
They took the elevator back to thier rooms. John quickly dressed in boxers,slacks,a button up shirt, and dress shoes while he finally saw Sherlock was busy texting on John's cell wearing nothing but the towel around his waist,curls still dripping.
Sherlock figured out, even found stain remnants where blood had changed color and dried, instead of getting washed completely off.
He sighed, before opening his eyes and looking directly at Lestrade. At least it was just him, John and Lestrade in Lestrade's office.
John was relieved that while he had bruises starting up from wrestling the husband into being tied to the staircase with ropes,there was no harm beyond fighting to restrain the husband. As Sherlock had mentioned, the wife had been knocked out and cuffed. He wasn't physically assaulted,but his mind?
Let's hope I don't make this too bad... now I'm back home late from a night of gaming,so this is way later than I meant again... This will be another I'll probably edit to death
"I will, Sherlock is in room 442, but I guess he isn't answering the phone?" John said, eyes closing. Is Mycroft taking them to a place by Tyler street? Has Sherlock been talking to everyone but him?
"So it's finished, and you are going to eat now before I leave for work, Rosie gets here, and for all we know, you'll get a case you need energy for" John said, shrugging his shoulders as he set thier plates down in the dining room.
Moriarty looked up to see John's eyes changing,like a storm starting to clear before the hands felt something sharp and lined up parallel to Moriarty's shin.
Looking up definitions of heels, I shared some of what I found. Since no one else has used what I've found, I'm going to....
" You think you're the only clever one?"Anderson said,"I'm only doing my job, and" he smiled as Lestrade turned around" I think the evidence points out...that she was still alive when she came here and died, and not dropped off like some" he nodded towards Sherlock "want to think"
Sherlock scratched through the knees of his slacks,shook each leg, and paced a bit. Not seeing anyone familiar,they soon walked in and took seats at the bar.
Sherlock had not left a trace behind. The skull watched as he had gathered John's bottoms and underwear that he had ripped and apologized to John who could not stop grinning or cared to move much.
Which was good, because soon a naked,sweaty Sherlock sprawled himself across the bed with a mention of "feels better" before he was out.
He called up to the front room of the hotel,and was told to leave a bag of clothes in the hallway by the door. It would all be dry-cleaned for him and back to him in an hour.
"Yes I do, about 2 scoops of milk along with it,but what is that special posted by the door?" John asked, pointing.
"Maybe I'll show you later how I was able to make the connections. For now, food is not enough. I'm sorry"
"The book we've kept stored up in evidence three years ago not to be touched you mean?" Sherlock said in a smirk.
John looked back and caught a movement behind the line of stairs. Walking closer, he stepped back before walking into Moriarty stepping out.
"You know, when I looked up what this holiday is, aside from a reason for bars everywhere to make money, I found a few interesting tales" Sherlock said, looking down the street and accepting the cup of coffee John had made and walked over with for each of them.
It didn't take long. The samples were put inside an insulated box, and Sherlock's arm was grabbed as Mycroft tried to pull him towards his car.
She also made two teas from a pitcher,but with her back to him,he only saw her pour into two cups before turning around,serving it to both, getting her plate, and sitting on the other side of the table.
He walked over and nudged Sherlock. Maybe a hot shower or getting UNDER a blanket would help him feel better, but Sherlock was still barely reacting. John then looked away and felt his arm grabbed and Sherlock rolled, pulling John against his back.
What he had found on St. Patrick's day was tempting to delete out of his mind soon after finding it, but Sherlock knew John was planning on getting into the same messes with excuses often heard afterwards by many. It was past time for John to get out of the tendencies and habits he has kept since they first moved to 221B years ago that only upset him.
He had tried to settle. Found someone he married because they could give him everything he thought he wanted.
" This almost looks like an abstract piece, like the gallery I took my wife to last week." Anderson said, through a clogged nose.
John is worried and mad after Sherlock goes through another close case and rescue,so he tries to help him the best way he can think.
" Yes it is doll! You've been taking the blind murder case too far afterwards.It's winter now,as your doctor,I shouldn't have let you out. As someone who has lived with you more than enough years to know,take ten steps to the left and follow the fishing line." An amused John talked back. If you can't beat them,at least get them someplace warm using what they have been doing often lately in 'learning more on getting clues'.
Walking in the apartment,John closed and locked the door behind him before he went upstairs. Again,to close and lock the door before shedding shoes,coat, and going to the kitchen to start tea.
"There is a very small trail that leads down from here. Makes sense if he had drones transporting so often, not all of them would fly. I saw the outline of the mansion back behind us here," Sherlock said, pointing further inside the cave room,or whatever it was they were in, "and the small trail went further down and along the other side of the cliff to a level of rough gravel. From there, Mycroft's holiday house is just a walk towards the channel, and should be right where the collection of holiday houses is leased and rented. I know where to go and we are so CLOSE John! I'll show you outside, and we have to be closely in queue down the cliff side. You can go ahead of me, although I hope your trips to Tesco's and military service has given you a thorough understanding of staying in queue," he ended with a smile.
The warm shower almost had him nodding off as he soaped up, but hearing another crack started up that familiar prick of adrenaline.
Sherlock was sent to a room below deck, third floor down,lead by Kate,who assured him she had nothing to hide.
Like many others,they looked to Sherlock's cold,hard logic and thought it would be a final saving grace to something they could not have planned for.
John soon had the fire going, and the door to the oven closed, only keeping the bellows puffing to keep the fire and heat spreading at times.
"I meant to land! And then to find Mycroft's holiday house before the storm drowns everything!" John said, keeping his eyes closed and taking a few breaths to stay calm.
"I am Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Holmes sounds too much like you are seeking my brother" Sherlock said, before turning his chair towards the couch and sitting down.
Sherlock got right to the point and took John all in his mouth,leaking and everything. He didn't want to rush this either, but wanted this all to go on a little longer.
He knew the mistake he mentioned was John seemed to try and get dates with women similar to Sherlock in a way,(even an odd way perhaps)but even with the blog,and the admiration he still received,he did not get that final step from John. It didn't make sense,they would have no reason to play games of hiding anything from each other, unlike the nature of dates?
Sherlock's head lowered down to his templed hands before adding "Another thing Lestrade will see clearly when we get a signal . Oh,the pot of coffee is gone I see, but at least we have that luxury here"
They were outside,and John had propped Sherlock against a tree by the road. He looked up. This many men,that knew and wanted to show respect to Katy had showed up in uniform and pretty much kept the familiar stance and behavior she grew to find support in.... Sherlock's pupils were blown. Even with it getting dark,he might have been mistaken for being under the influence of more than the alcohol. His waves of nerves earlier and insecurity should not have been there. John had an idea how that could be fixed.
He was happy a case finally showed up. So far after the holidays,the rest of winter had pretty much everyone staying home and not doing much with the built up snow.
"With all of this magic, misunderstanding, and more people trying to use it for the wrong reasons...I just need a run home. Maybe go through the park and play with the ducks,or any strays that might be out"
"I'll have the crunch mash mix with chocolate milk" Amber said,then looked at John." Do you still want coffee?"
"You don't have anything better than that?" John said, grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling him towards the elevators.
Even though it was more of a matter of signing papers for the marriage, her and her red headed, noticably younger husband still walked down the hallway while music played on a cell phone. John was not only invited, but walked with her down the hallway to 'give her away'.
John set his cup on the counter and grabbed the collar of Sherlock's housecoat and pulled him into the kiss.
Sherlock had the blindfold on, and his foot lightly swayed over the grass before he stepped out of the wheelchair belonging to the last clients they solved the case for.
He had already looked closely at both ears and it was clear. Both of his eardrums were popped among other concussive damage.
"How are those two getting home?" Anderson asked,pointing at a now empty space where Sherlock I John had been walking away.
He moved his foot and clenched his fist. Of course! The way she was talking, showing,instructing Kate how to manipulate people.
With the simultaneous gaze, Sherlock was feeling more and more daring, like one that can't afford to look away from the gaze of a predetor. He was feeling shrunk, almost shivery,but even when the kettle started to boil, he felt he could not back down.
Memories then,stuck in past memories. The room was still dark, and the blanket was...he looked over and down.
"She didn't run you down too much did she?" John asked, getting a cup for Sherlock at walking the coffee.
