Mind swirling, Dean doesn’t feel Cas’s hand move --tickling him aggressively on the sensitive skin under his arm.
"You said you heard me in Purgatory. I have this anger, and it's always been there. I keep blaming others for it, but it's inside me. Chuck's actions might have caused it, but I...I see that it's my choice to let it go."
They continue to kiss and smile, and share soft touches far into the late morning, enjoying each other, knowing they have their whole lives to be together, and happy.
“Let me, Dean.” And Cas places his hand over Dean’s heart, mojo-ing them back to a state of cleanliness. Dean places his hand over Cas’s for a second before sitting up, back to the headboard, and grabbing his phone.
“I already got that covered. It seems that the motel straddles the two townships. Half of the motel is literally feet outside of town, and Room 4 falls there.”
“Okay, maybe it’s not our song, but it once came on the radio and I told you that I liked it. I’ve never told anybody but you that. I might think of you when I hear it now.”
That is guarded knowledge, according to Sam. It was in the police report, but not in the paper. On the one hand, David does live in the motel and maybe he saw something. On the other hand, how does a broke former celebrity land enough money to start a business as nice as this one? And what was with Patrick wanting to know if they were passing through town or not? Something seems hinky, and Dean wants answers. He can’t just ask though. Their cover would be blown. Does that matter at this point? The case is going nowhere fast. The only thing they’ve accomplished is convincing some townsfolk that their car doesn’t work and that they are married -both of which are false and don’t help with the case one bit.
Cas is suddenly right beside Dean, and Dean jumps a bit. The couple pulls apart at Cas’s voice and David looks over.
“I won’t.” Sam teases, and Dean finally looks up at him. “And we won’t stop until we find a way to get him back.”
“Okay, okay, let’s put a pin in this. We’ve got bigger fish to fry. One, do you think this ties to the hex bag with no power, Cas? If it did what it was supposed to do, then its power would disappear, right? And B, is Gwen a witch? Why murder travelers? Who do they worship? How do we stop it?”
Dean signs goodnight to Eileen and glances at Jack. He’s reading his book again, seemingly ignoring everything that just happened. Dean blinks and decides to ignore Jack, and heads to bed.
“Well, I’m heading out to grab a bite to eat and then maybe sneak into the morgue. I’ll see you guys in an hour.”
Cas starts walking around the table, picking up assorted items and carefully putting them down again.
“I have a perfect memory of that night. You sang along to every song, and told me Colin Firth was dreamy.” Cas leans back in and silences Dean’s protests with another kiss.
Since Dean is technically on a mission and David is technically right about not caring about the fine art world, he’ll let this dig about his clothes go. The dude wears leather sweaters in summer —and he doesn’t ride a motorcycle as far as Dean remembers. What does he know?
“Yeah, Sam.” His voice is still a little dreamy and he forces himself to harden it before continuing. “The witch did something to Cas. I’ve been watching him all night. He’s fine now. We’ll meet you, okay?”
“Hmm, we should probably eat this before Sam and Eileen smell it. It’s too perfect of a pie to share,” Cas says.
It dawns on Dean that Cas isn’t worried, he’s relieved. That deep down he’s always felt that maybe life with him, life with humans would never be possible. Bridging the two worlds would tear him apart, not make him something better. Yet, seeing what he might have been without meeting Dean, made Cas know without a doubt that his current mission is true.
Cas finally speaks, punching out a weak, “Dean.” His left arm grasping at Dean’s side as he turns towards the hunter. Dean lays back down so they’re facing each other --and sharing a friggin’ pillow, but whatever. There’s a secrecy in the darkness of the early morning that makes it ok, Dean assures himself.
Cas is drunk —or drugged —or something. The last time he saw Cas drunk was after he had consumed an entire liquor store. No way two moderate glasses of bubbly caused this level of drunkenness in Cas.
Cas grimaces, but answers, “I’m fine. I just wish I had been here to help with the wood nymph. I would have seen her true form and realized instantly what we were dealing with.”
“Dean, I was just asking Gwen and Andy here about anything interesting to do in town while we wait for the new car parts. Gwen is married to Bob and has lived in Schitt’s Creek for most of her life. She’s a wealth of information on what the town can offer in terms of entertainment.”
“Wait, these people were just talking about witchcraft like it was no big deal?! Have you tried talking to Rowena about this? Does she have any background for us?”
Happiness is something Dean hasn’t felt in a very long time. He rubs his face and focuses on the recipe card in front of him. He thinks about Lee, and the brief memory of happiness that was destroyed at the end of a pool cue. He thinks of Chuck and all they have to battle, all they have to fight for still.
Dean steels himself, wanting in earnest to know what Cas is thinking. He puts a tentative hand on Cas’s, and scoots an infinitesimal inch closer, his knee grazing Cas’s bare leg.
Dean scans the room as fast as he can, adrenaline kicking in when he sees Cas at the mercy of the coven. It seems they really do want these travelers dead. A few of the witches start to run towards them and Dean wastes a bullet and shoots it into the ceiling.
me there’s a new case, I will burn those papers. I’ll be in the kitchen if you need me for anything else.” Without acknowledging Cas, Dean heads for the kitchen.
They slide into the Schitt’s Creek Motel in early afternoon. The sun is still high in the sky and there isn’t a cloud to be seen. It’s a picture-perfect day, Dean realizes. They park in front of the office and he cuts the engine.
Dean hesitates. He does want to know. If there’s a way —if he could somehow —he needs to know. What if knowing just makes this pain worse?
“Cas, I need you to listen to me. You are not a burden. Whatever is happening tonight is not your fault.” He sets the glass down and comes back to the bed, sitting down next to Cas, their sides touching. Cas needs to understand something —something Dean’s never really been able to put into words. Now is not the time to find those words either, but nevertheless Dean sits struggling with it all while also wondering how he can find a way to figure out what happened tonight.
Johnny’s attention to Dean temporarily transfers to his wife, which is a good thing since Dean can only stare at the woman in front of him. His mind is short-circuiting on how to proceed. Should he run away? Should he get her autograph? Should he ask her to slap him? No, no that last one would be completely unacceptable, but Dean can’t help but blush slightly just thinking about it. Cas is right there beside him, and he feels Cas’s warmth on his right. He senses Cas’s piercing stare directed at him, but remains unable to look away from Moira Rose.
The door to the bathroom opens. It’s Dean. He’s in his robe, and he stops when he sees Cas, his hand hovering over the doorknob.
“I love you, Dean. So much.” Cas’s words are so earnest, so full of heart. Dean’s insides crack open a bit just hearing them.
“Dean. And this is Cas.” Dean thumbs towards Cas, and Cas gives a cursory nod. “Staying a couple nights at the motel on the edge of town while I wait for parts for my -our car.”
“Dean, I think we should mingle with the townspeople as a couple to draw them into conversation,” Cas says, practically reading Dean’s mind.
“David, they’re staying at Stevie’s motel! They’re staying where you live. What a wonderful surprise.” Patrick utters the last bit a little strained, clearly trying to remain civil at David’s lack of tact.
“What? Can’t a guy have a little morning cuddle time before tackling the next shit thing on the list?”
“Hmm, okay, if you’re going to be talking about books, then that’s a no for me. I will see you later.” She looks Dean up and down then and adds, “And you’ve been a nice distraction.”
“Dean, I once only had faith in Heaven and God. I thought it was my righteous path. You taught me there was something more, something better to believe in —family, humanity. God might be pulling the strings and sending us down paths of destruction over and over again, but at the end of it all, we have always found the right way because we have each other. Who we are and what we believe in, is entirely on us. I’d say that’s a human feature that Chuck didn’t see coming.”
? God. Patrick and David didn’t think open affection was that big of a deal. Dean gulps thinking about stepping up their cover.
Dean knows exactly how that happened. But what insidious things has this family been up to since moving here? Didn’t Sam say something about the pattern of death changing when the family moved to town? Or was it when they bought the town?
“Okay, well let’s rendezvous in an hour back at the motel. Cas and me are stopping to pick up some supplies, and then tomorrow we’ve, uh, we’ve got a haunted woods tour to go on.”
Cas comes up beside him to peer into his bag as well. “Hmm, it appears so.” He then leans a little closer to Dean and— sniffs him? Dean pulls back.
“Well, according to the internet, they didn’t disappear from everywhere. They moved to the town of Schitt’s Creek, the only thing the government let them keep.”
On the outside, he’s reeling from everything Cas just said. Yeah, so he’s mad about Reno. Or, he thought he was, but what he was, was worried. He’s always worried. Cas isn’t done, though.
“Uh, yeah, Cas. That sounds good. I was thinking you could pose as one of the tourists.” Sam looks sideways and continues. “And Dean, before you clam up and reject this whole idea, I think you should be the other tourist. I think you guys can pretend to have just been to the falls and now there’s something wrong with your car.” Before Dean can even start to sputter a rebuttal, Sam continues, “You’re going to have to hurt your car, Dean —so you have a reason to stay in Schitt’s Creek. There’s a garage there, Bob’s Garage.”
He wakes hours later to the sound of Sam’s voice. He’s spread out on the couch, feet in Cas’s lap. He blinks, still groggy, rubs his eyes and recoils his feet back to his corner of the couch. When the hell did Cas join him?
He needs to work. He sees this now, and with it comes interacting with Dean. He doesn’t expect more. He’s here to work with Sam. He read the texts. He knows Sam holds no ill will towards him. He knows Sam is still a friend.
“Uh, yeah. Maybe you guys can. I really want to check out the Schitt family farm, it’s  outside of the town —oddly enough, and that seems to be a deciding factor on who dies or doesn’t.”
“C’mon, let’s check out this Rose Apothecary and head back to the motel. Sam’s meeting us there in a bit.”
Dean takes a deep breath. It's not enough. It's not nearly enough to stop the fire that's raging in his mind. He hears the echo of Amara's words, and then it's like a starlight explosion filling his head. The sparks burn bright and and quickly wisp away to nothing. He closes his eyes, his head still swirling. He feels Cas's warm hand pull away, and he opens his eyes again. Cas steps back from his reach.
“It wasn’t complete silence. The radio was on. And I can’t help it that Cas is a dumbass.” Leaving it at that, Dean continues, “you want breakfast? I’m starving and tired, and once my belly is full I plan on sleeping through an entire season of Game of Thrones.”
Cas continues to float, splashing the water a bit with his hands, contemplating whether he should get out to investigate or continue the indulgence of the warm water.
The shock of finding himself in this new place is suddenly more captivating than locating Cas, and Dean stares at his surroundings wide-eyed.
“You two sure are comfortable with the witches in town. Most people just laugh at the idea and look confused.”
The wind picks up and street garbage swirls into a mini-cyclone before petering out behind a pick-up truck. A dog barks in the distance and Dean feels a sense of dread. There’s an eerie solitude permeating the air around him. He glances down the street and hesitates over his next move. The door to the house in front of him opens, and Cas walks outside.
Cas stops and turns towards Dean, stepping closer to him. “I’m very sorry you lost her, all the same.”
“Angel’s pick, I’d say. But I’ll put a strong vote in for The Goonies.” He drops his arm around Cas’s shoulder to pull him further into the bunker and back to the new and improved Dean Cave. As they walk together, he thinks to himself that they’ll have plenty of time to hash out everything later --everything with Jack, and Chuck, and the end of the world. Now it’s their time.
“I don’t know. I think this town is blissfully unaware of what lurks around them. It’s all tied to the Schitt and Rose families, and yet the mayor just seems like an obnoxious hick and his wife seems like a small town sweetheart. And the Rose family? If they’re working with witches, they’re doing a piss-poor job of it.”
He should probably get that sweater off so it’s not ruined. Dean starts to work the sweater off Cas, leaving him wearing only in his white t-shirt. The shirt works itself up far enough for Dean to catch the Enochian tattoo on Cas’s abdomen. He ghosts his hand over the words before pulling the shirt down. Cas is still half off the bed so Dean pulls the covers down and makes short order of pulling Cas up the bed and, since it makes the only sense, quickly removes his pants before tucking him under the covers, clad only in his white t-shirt and boxers. Dean’s universe may have constricted to the size of a pinpoint for a nano-second when he sees Cas laying on his side half-naked, sleeping peacefully, before tucking the cheap motel covers under his chin. He smoothes the blankets and smoothes Cas’s hair down.
Dean watches and realizes what’s happening. This is the moment that Cas takes Jimmy as his vessel. Dean wants to stop it. Well, not really, but he’s uneasy knowing what happens to Jimmy and Amelia. He thinks of Claire and all the pain and struggles she went through before finding Jody. Would her life have been better with a stable family? Dean doesn’t know. She’s a fighter, and so independent. He isn’t sure how a devout Christian would handle a scrappy lesbian for a daughter and shakes his head to pay attention to what’s happening.
Dean looks back at Cas and his panic ratchets up a notch. His mind flies in five different directions as to what could be happening.
He didn’t feel disappointed with that thought, he reminds himself. He then has another thought about the bed.
Inside, the barn is dark. Dean turns on the flashlight he grabbed from the trunk of the Impala and draws his gun, conveniently loaded with witch-killing bullets. Cas is following close behind,  arm outstretched, a warm yellow light emanating from his hand. Rowena and Sam follow in quick succession. The barn is dusty and unused. Old hay bales litter corners in haphazard piles of varying decay. It seems like no one has entered the place in a very long time.
Dean looks around. The remaining members of the coven are standing, not putting up a fight now that what they’ve been worshiping for generations seems to be gone. It’s really over. He looks over at Cas and smiles. The dumbass doesn’t even have a scratch on him this time. Cas looks back at him, squinting.
He squeezes Cas’s hand, deciding in that moment that maybe he needs to embrace the cover. It’s just an act, right? The town just watched them have a lover’s spat and now they’re going to see them make up.
They’re standing in the doorframe between the war room and the library. Cas, in his trench coat and complacent demeanor, stands beside him. They watch another Dean and Cas in the library. It takes Dean a moment to place the time again. They’ve had so many conversations in the library over the years. They’ve spent so much time together, and Dean's heart clenches at the thought of never having a moment with Cas ever again. This Cas, in this time, is wearing a green shirt and red hoodie, and Dean realizes it’s when he lost his grace and was human. He also realizes that this is the moment that he kicked Cas out of the bunker and his stomach drops.
“Dean, would you like me to get you a drink? It might make this experience more bearable for you,” Cas whispers in his ear.
Dean starts to roll out the pie crust, and keeps talking. “I fought against it for a long time. Didn’t want to disappoint my dad. I had to be the perfect son. And then it just became what it was, I guess. Until I met you.”
Dean feels like that last comment is aimed at him, but he keeps quiet, glancing at Cas before turning to stare at the paused TV screen. The scratch on Cas’s face is gone and so is his split lip. If Dean really admits it to himself, his earlier anger and worry have dissipated some, leaving him feeling awkward and unwilling to process why he always ends up feeling this way around Cas.
“Yes, Dean. I needed an excuse to come to your room. I never wanted to give that precious gift back, but, well, you were so mad at me. I didn’t think it meant what I thought it meant after all. I needed that gun as well. Two birds…”
He can’t even say the words and just knowing Sam noticed is like coming out of a long, dark tunnel into fresh daylight. For all the good it does.
Dean wanders down to the basement marveling at how seamlessly his brother seems to be accepting and thriving at guiding their fellow hunters. If this is the compromise Sam has to make with himself to exist in this world, then Dean’s happy for him. It’s not like he’s not going to head out on a hunt every now and again. Sometimes they’re just fun, and when Sam turns off that damn emo brain of his, he’s a damn good hunter.
They set to their tasks in silence —the air definitely not clear. Dean isn’t sure how he should approach what he needs to say.
Dean feels sick realizing every wasted moment, every misunderstood conversation, every missed touch. They’ve been dancing around each other for so long. He needs to get Cas out of here. If he doesn’t they’ll both be lost in this spiral forever.
As he pulls away, Cas turns towards him, shifting from lying on his side to on his back. He’s awake, eyes wide and hair more disheveled than ever.
Dean scowls back at his brother. If only Sam knew. Dean gulps, realizing Sam will know soon enough. First they need to get Alexis away from Twyla to ask Twyla more about this town and its history of witchcraft.
Cas’s confidence in Jack buoys Dean’s spirits a bit. Their world was dying, but looking for this other one, this world that hadn’t been destroyed, kept them going for so long. So much of their life before was just trying to get by, survive, find sustenance and safety. Their world was rotting and they had no hope. They only had each other. They only had their family.
to intervene. So what if he had been tackled to the ground. Maybe he didn’t have a good handle on his weapon, and maybe Cas was doing the right thing by helping. Dean doesn’t like to think about it because when he does, he remembers Cas reaching down, angel blade out, and slicing just a half-inch shy of where it needed to be. He remembers Cas falling back, the monster lashing out at him. He remembers Cas falling hard, a gash welling bright red blood on his cheek. His action had given Dean enough time to reposition himself to finish off the creepy bastard. Cas was just doing his job- and yet Dean can’t stop thinking about it. He can’t help but wonder why this pissed him off so much. And instead of digging too deeply, first he made sure Cas was okay, and then he exploded at the guy. He watched Cas shut down on him in real time, but he didn’t care. It was better Cas know how upset he was, than to let that happen again. Cas didn’t fight back, and his anger quickly evaporated into silent contempt. God, the ride home was an awkward mess that he’d rather not dwell on.
— Cas is under him. He moves his legs slightly so they fit better together. Dean is leaking pre-come and he wants nothing more than to rut against Cas until he forgets everything but how it feels to hold Cas and be with him.
Dean chuckles and turns to answer Cas. He looks down to look at the sweater —that damn sweater. Dean didn’t know Cas had it in him to dress with any sense of fashion. He feels slightly odd wearing just an olive green henley to the event. He also feels odd admiring Cas’s clothes so much. It’s just different to see Cas in something other than the trench coat. He’s admiring the clothes —not Cas —that’s all it is.
“Ah, no, no, that’s ok, buddy. Let’s just make a point to stop at a general store or something. This one horse town must have a Gas ’n Sip, at least.”
Dean scrambles over to them and kneels over Sam. Eileen is starting to fade and Dean realizes he needs to act fast. He grabs Eileen by the shoulder to get her attention. He motions towards the portal, and mouths, “Go!” She doesn’t move. Sam is a dead weight on the floor.
Together, Sam and Rowena start an incantation that’s from the book. Leabharcham cries out and flares a bright green —so bright Dean has to shield his eyes. There’s a great popping noise and suddenly the room stills, the dust slowly settling around them. Everything is normal again, relatively speaking, Dean thinks.
“A tour of haunted places around Schitt’s Creek. Cas’s idea, really, but it might prove worthwhile if people are dying outside of town and we’ve got malevolent spirits doing their yearly weeding out of road trippers, or whatever’s going on.” Dean has an idea just then. “Sam, have we ruled out that it isn't just the townspeople that are evil? I mean, people are nice here, like too nice.”
“She’s under our spell, to do our bidding, to keep the town safe. Every generation, we find a new helper. It is custom.”
Too little, too late. He needs to let Cas go. There are bigger things to worry about after all.  Without thinking, he kisses Cas. It's modest, but his mouth is open enough for his tongue to lightly graze Cas's lower lip, tasting him. Cas kisses him back, tentatively. It startles Dean and he pulls back, instinctively wiping at his mouth.
Dean senses a reservation in that statement. Cas says it often enough —usually when he wants to let something go, but still let Dean know that he’ll support his decisions, even when they’re wrong.
He stops and simply cradles Cas’s arms. Their faces are close and he tilts his head a fraction, and their faces touch.
This more than likely is a case. Sam didn’t make it up and the coincidence of travelers dying is too interesting.
Dean  rubs his shoulder for some reason and can feel the solidness beneath all the layers of trench coat and suit.
“The Rose family bought Schitt’s Creek. They obviously didn’t move there —probably had never stepped foot in the place, but I found the deed to the town on some gossip site archive.” Sam pauses, looking between Cas and Dean. “Listen, I know this doesn’t seem like much, but we’ve looked into things on a lot less. If the deaths are starting again, wouldn’t it be better if we’re there to stop them?”
His cheeks fill with red at the embarrassment and shame of his next thoughts, and he fights against it. He pulls his head up and cups Cas's cheek with his hands, and looks at him directly. "I want you, Cas. I want you by my side, always. I lo---," but his voice breaks, and his throat closes.
“You’re killing me. Of course you’d find some 70 year old boring newspapers exciting,” Dean interrupts.
“I am, okay? I’m not going to get there overnight. He’s…he’s family.” A small voice whispers that he’s family because Cas is family, and he pushes it down. Jack is family, period.
They stay like that for a long while, holding each other, smiling as they kiss, and Cas is happy Dean is here with him, forever.
Sam pulls around and drives up to the sign. Dean pops out of the car as Sam parks. Dean stands at the side of the road in awe of what he is witnessing. The sign has the slogan  “Where everyone fits in” over a picturesque creek, and a woman bent over in the creek, with a man standing right behind her. If that wasn’t bad enough, there is a sign, tactlessly added, pointing at the couple that simply says, “Don’t worry, it’s his sister”.
“Roland, he doesn’t know you’re joking.” Jocelyn interjects. Turning to Dean, she adds, “Ignore my husband, he’s just darn proud of the work he does at the motel --all the lawn mowing and gutter cleaning. He really likes to roll out the red carpet for all guests.” She rubs his arm and looks affectionately at the man.
Okay, so the two least-conspicuous detectives have an eye on their mark. Hopefully, Sam’s idea of drawing more information out of Twyla and this book she has will help with what they’re dealing with besides a nature loving group of witches.
Dean finds Cas alone in the library. He’s standing by the book shelves, leafing through a slim volume in his hand. His coat is missing, his jacket is off, and his tie is gone. Dean kind of stalls at the sight of him.
“My friend, he…he was more than that at one time. After him, I kind of shut that part of me down for a long while.” His face flames at the admission. Cas doesn’t react, but continues slicing the apples.
“Dean, this place…is amazing. The air is clean! The grass is fresh! This tree, I think it’s a walnut tree? My god, we’ll eat like kings. Look at all the green seedlings on the ground!” Cas exclaims, giddy with wonder.
“Yup. Apparently, just like you noticed, this one happened just out of town on Route 6. I think Elmdale PD is involved, but the Schitt’s Creek coroner was called to help. I’m guessing the body’ll be in town for us to go take a look.”
No. Not Cas. Dean sees how he walks and holds himself and knows in his soul that it is not Castiel. It takes him a moment before recognizing that it’s Jimmy. Jimmy Novak. The poor soul that Cas possessed so many years ago.
They lay there peacefully for a couple of minutes. Dean wavers between the darkness of sleep again and feeling the effects of caffeine deprivation. He doesn’t want this quiet peace to end, but Cas shifts and lays a kiss on his cheek. He slips out of the bed and dresses silently in the dark. Before leaving, he turns at the door and tells Dean, “Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.”
He pulls his fingers out and Cas feels a sexy messiness as Dean wipes his fingers on his rim. Dean’s fingers lead in his cock to where his fingers had been playing and Cas relaxes around his head spreading him again.
“Jack told me on the ride that you were in a fight,” Cas actually seems upset again, “So which is it?”
“Check this out,” Al supplied. Castiel heard a paper crumpling and then felt it pelt his back. They laughed again.
“I suggest you stuff it, jackass,” Meg replies coolly. Benny looks at her just as evenly. She continues with a smirk, “You really trying to piss off the owner of the only place in town that lets your sorry ass check in? Because you can sleep in your cab tonight. Oh, or are you headed for the tank again, y’think?”
Dean kisses him and Cas does everything not to fall apart. He doesn’t know if he can get used to treating Dean as more of a person and less as a memory.
“Hey, thanks, little bro,” Luci said slowly, putting the joint out on the table. Castiel coughed and waved his hand in the air as the smelly smoke lifted into his face. Luci snorted, “What? You wanted a hit?”
A teardrop fell on the sheets between their bodies. Dean rolled over completely, facing a tearful Castiel as his hands slid from Dean’s back to limply between them.
Dean gasps, but Cas quickly covers his mouth with his own. Dean breathes deeply through his nose as he grabs at Cas’s back and ass. Cas moves up into him, his own hands going to pet and grab at Dean’s short hair.
Castiel kept to himself and was silently slipping into his jeans when he heard Dean’s voice, “Thanks for helping.”
Castiel turned to him and saw Dean looking away, rubbing at his neck, “I was practicing my crowding with Ash…”
Cas doesn’t dare cough, no matter how surprised he is at the sudden, rough throat fucking. All he can do is hold on to Dean’s strong legs, squeeze his eyes closed and keep his throat open as drool runs down over his lower lip. Dean grunts above him, and Cas moans around the girth filling his mouth. Dean begins to pant at that, hips stuttering.
He grinned at them and closed the door again. They all awkwardly moved away. Castiel followed Dean to the sofa and sat next to him as Jo walked back to one of her bags.
This is stupid. Dean sighs again. His arms fall away to slouch on his knees as he glances at the clock: 2:58AM. Awesome. He’d only checked in at eleven that night.
Cas’s mouth kisses at the slick, bruised crook of skin that connects Dean’s shoulder to his neck, mumbling, “Do you want to...?”
“Don’t worry, Jack,” Cas reassures, “How about we go out of town to a nice lunch this weekend? Little day trip?”
“Let’s go for a round, alright?” Coach Singer said, backing up. Both boys nodded. Coach Singer blew his whistle and the boys collided. Dean got the upper hand, throwing Ash down. He pinned his shoulders and moved over Ash to keep down his scrambling legs.
Dean’s form was great, and Castiel knew it. But he nodded solemnly anyway, replying, “Downright atrocious.”
He wonders why he’s even doing this; simply completing some bodily release, perhaps. The action feels so despondent, but his hand continues and he moves the other to his jerking cock.
Dean returns to Cas, forgetting the cigarettes. He slowly kneels his creaky knees to the floor. He faces Cas’s restful countenance, sitting in the weight of today and what could possibly happen from here.
But Cas also knows that tomorrow will be a tough talk. Jack has somewhat rebounded from his rough week at school (as far as Cas can tell), and Cas hates to be the one to bring him back down. However, he knows that Jack deserves the truth.
But lo and behold, Ash’s stubborn persistence landed them a room at the end of the hall of the first floor, next to the back exit. Ash busted open the unlocked door and flicked on the light of the vacant space, “Tada!”
Cas pushes himself off the bed, turning off his phone alarm. His phone screen has notifications from Dean. Cas’s heart pounds and he opens his messages.
“Nn,” Castiel moaned into his mouth. But it wasn’t a moan. Castiel pushed back on Dean, breaking the kiss and saying, “No, Dean. We can’t.”
“Suppose all those things they say about you and that cop are just bullshit then,” Al tried to snarl.
Cas groans aloud but quickly zips his mouth. He shoots a look over to the woman smoking a cigarette; she didn’t seem to notice. He sighs and then returns to the phone screen. He beats himself up about his message; he’s scared Dean had taken it to heart.
Dean is already halfway through both items of food, swallowing down his mouthful as he nods, “Yeah, kind of. So, do you know who your parents are?”
Dean chuckled and his hand slowly slid from Castiel’s back. He shook his head, “Nah, not me. I’m in the house.”
Dean takes a deep breath and Cas observes his pupils dilate. Dean pushes Cas into the edge of the countertop, “You look good. But you always look good.”
Dean’s breath was silent, his hands faint as they nursed Castiel’s wound carefully. But Dean’s voice was anything but gentle as he said, “I don’t care about that.”
Looking up at Dean while he sucks him off, Cas catches his eyes and Dean’s cock twitches in his throat. Maintaining eye contact, Cas pops off of Dean’s cock. He takes Dean’s hand from his shoulder and brings two fingers into his mouth.
He tries to restrain his memory from thinking of all the times they’ve had at this very kitchen - his first visit, when they reunited once again right after Christmas, coffee in the early hours - instead just taking his place at his regular stool.
Cas realizes it’s about that time that Dean rolls into town again. It’s been about two weeks since their encounter after Christmas (he’d stayed a couple nights, actually), and Dean has come to visit him once more since. Cas is getting the idea that Dean’s appearance can be expected every three weeks.
Castiel’s fingers additionally grabbed the waistband of Dean’s boxer-briefs, tugging the thin but soft layered fabric of Dean’s underwear and flannel pajamas over his hard cock. Dean gasped back a moan as his dick fell out and tapped heavily against Cas’s soft cheek.
Over the years, Dean had forgotten the subtler details of Cas; how blue his eyes really could get the closer he got, an extraordinary kaleidoscope effect. How truly soft yet grooved his upper lip was, and how he turned to mush when Dean kissed there. But there are other things he could never forget…
Jack waves goodnight and returns back to his bedroom. Dean stands in the kitchen for a minute longer. That was a bit much to eat so late and a lot to talk about too. And goddammit he feels like a cigarette - to calm his stomach and clear his head. Besides, he hadn’t had one all day. He figures he can sneak out for just a minute…
Dean laughs nervously and looks at both of them, “See? Still bad at math - stay in school, go to college.”
“Shut up,” Cas growls against Dean’s skin. He grabs onto his shirt, manhandling Dean back and then over, flipping their positions.
Dean didn’t understand where this was coming from. But to be fair, Dean was playing off of instinct himself. He moved in, “But we
Dean befriending Castiel had made high school a lot more bearable; namely that there were no more bullies to avoid. But another reason Asmod and his gang weren’t tormenting Castiel anymore was that Ash had stopped hanging out with them. Instead, he and Dean had become good friends. The idea had never sat right in Castiel’s gut, but he’d never expressed this to Dean.
Coach Singer instructed the winddown stretches and then gathered the team together before letting them go. He said: “Next Saturday is the tournament, I expect us all to be there. Let’s bring the hustle to practice on Monday! See you then.”
Castiel wasn’t crying anymore, but he still sounded upset as he replied, “Are you overreacting to get a rise out of me? You know how I care for you.”
Finally, Cas gives up and looks up into Dean’s eyes. Cas can’t find his breath, totally mesmerized by the look on Dean’s face. Even when Dean sinks forward, their eyes only half close as their lips work together.
But there’s no time to think of that; the road turns suddenly at a decline and the load sways on his bed against a gust of harsh wind. Dean is able to straighten out, but he has to be careful about maneuvering the eighteen wheels under his seat that is zooming at 55 miles per hour - he’s not on the gas. There’s no place he can park to wait it out except in the middle of the road. He considers doing just that as Dean notices through his muddled big brights that the next bit is a windy part, and the heavy load sways again as the rain starts to pound harder.
Cas’s voice brings Dean back from his pit of self loathing. He still feels exhausted, though. Dean looks at Cas’s face, so close to him on the couch. It feels so domestic and casual. Dean smiles sadly, saying, “I guess I should actually head out now.”
Ash went over to Jo’s side and put his arm around her shoulders, “Thank youuu, sweet Jo, for this beautiful array of drink!”
He looks through the peephole to see Cas. Shaking off his nerves and eye crusts from sleeping, he opens the door. Or, tries to; he hardly has unlocked the bolt and turned the knob before Cas is busting in. He looks angry as all hell, brow furrowed and intense gaze averted. Dean backs off but stays his ground, as if dancing with a bull.
Dean’s hands fly to Cas’s button up shirt, deftly slipping the buttons through their holes. Their eyes meet and Dean's voice drips with desire, “God, I missed you, Cas. I want you so bad.”
When Castiel had come out of the bathroom he’d been rubbing his shoulder. Drex asked if something was the matter and he’d replied shortly that he was sore. Dean had hidden his blush, but it became difficult when Drex had offered Castiel a massage. Giving and receiving massages from teammates was a part of the sport, but Dean had never offered or gotten one from Castiel.
Looking down, Dean notices his slick fingers and hand partially inside Cas still has a lot of lube on it. Dean wonders sinisterly if Cas can take another surprise…
Dean grunts in affirmation, capturing Cas’s mouth with his and veering them the short distance down the hall. Cas’s back rolls against the door frame as Dean maneuvers them through. Although, he’s doing it rather blindly, since both his and Cas’s mouths are preoccupied with the other’s skin.
Dean hadn’t even thought Castiel was in the room as well, and a wave of nauseous embarrassment washed over him. He managed to groan out, “Oh, no. That’s okay.”
The last bell rang and Castiel returned to the locker rooms. Nobody on the wrestling team talked to him, but they didn’t make fun of him either. The third member of his tormentor’s, Ash, was on the team though. Although he didn’t actively instigate Castiel while alone, he was known around the school as being the town gossip.
It’s been a long day. A long, confusing day, full of Dean. All in all, he feels spitefully good about making Dean cum inside of him; now he knows what he missed out on. And Cas can’t say that he doesn’t love the feeling of cum leaking out of him.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He didn’t want to apologize, because he couldn’t excuse Lucifer’s behavior. But at the same time he was embarrassed. He never wanted Dean to see this side of his life. A sudden pang of worry shot through his heart as he turned back to Dean, wondering if this would push him away even farther.
Dean disguised his groan of trampled hopes by rolling onto his side towards Castiel. Again on his back, the layer of cold ice under the hand towel was actually extremely soothing. Dean’s eyes easily found Castiel’s after he sighed in relief, smiling softly, “Thanks.”
Dean goes red as he watches Cas pull down his pants and briefs. He grits his teeth and covers his eyes with one of his hands, “No, I guess not. I just haven’t seen you in a while and I just thought- Ah!”
Dean is closing the door behind Cas’s back and crowding him against it. Cas loses his breath, swept away because he had been trying not to look at Dean. But now Dean is right in front of his face, arms on either side of him.
“No don’t do that, you’ll just get Becky frazzled,” Dean cuts off Sam, starting his trek down main street, “Look, I’ll get back on my feet.”
Dean took the wipe back from Castiel. Dean sighed in frustration as he started to wipe at the mostly dried blood. Castiel flinched, thinking that Dean was getting mad at him. But then Dean was backing up, saying, “This is such a weird angle. Here, lay back.”
With Bobby’s blessing and the fire of a challenge alight in his gut, Dean rushes out with a flashlight and tool kit to give the Impala a quick tune up. Pulling back the vehicle’s cover with his good arm makes Dean’s heart flutter. He throws the duffle he hasn’t unpacked in days into the back of the old lass - the only addition to his load is the yearbook Bobby had gifted him - and he roars her to life at the turn of the ignition.
Cas suddenly rounds the kitchen counter, standing next to Dean as he says, “Well- I suppose you could stay until I leave to pick up Jack.”
Cas wriggles in excitement as he feels Dean’s cock get hooked down between his thigh and perineum, his cock head twitching at his rim.
Cas roughly shuts off the faucet and looks down at the sink. He doesn’t know what will come next, what he will say when he sees Dean on his bed again.
Cas licks into Dean’s mouth as confirmation. He’s tired of talking. Cas had been dreaming of Dean staying the night, but neither of them getting much sleep. Cas allows a sliver of hope to shine over his dark thoughts.
Biting his lip painfully, he looks away again and secedes, “Okay. You can come back.” He peeks back up at Dean and adds sternly, “To fuck.”
Cas only has time to turn around and briefly marvel at the sight of Dean pushing past the swinging doors of his kitchen before he’s infiltrating Cas’s space. Dean backs Cas up to a counter, arms on either side of him.
She was John’s while Dean was growing up, and now she’s his. Like the Impala, sitting idly in a dirt lot in Indiana… Dean shudders to think of how many things his dad had owned that Dean takes care of now. He puts that out of his mind - just another thing to lose sleep over - as he brings her into gear.
Dean’s eyes wandered down to spy a small silver bucket with some folded hand towels piled on top in Castiel’s hand. Dean lifted a brow, “What’s that?”
Most teenagers may be a bit embarrassed if they’re seen being picked up by their parents. Not Jack. He’s all but jumping up and down as the Impala roars up to the high school parking lot.
“Mhm,” her eyes skate over Dean in a way that makes him feel like he’s being eaten, “And who’s this? New bodyguard?”
Cas blinks and looks around. Jack isn’t on the floor. Cas blinks, going to the kitchen. He walks around it, as if he can't see with his eyes that Jack isn’t there either.
Castiel jumped at the noise, as if broken out of a reverie. He turned around to Dean, mouth slightly ajar in shocked confusion, “Dean? What are you doing out here?”
He has to call a million people, do a million things, and he feels like he may need to go to the hospital. He gently fingers the head wound from earlier and notices that the blood’s gone crusty. At least he’s stopped bleeding, so it can't be too bad.
“Here,” Dean said, pulling back some branches. Past the trees was the green slope that ran down to the brook. But this area was cleared from brush and only had voluptuous grass, cradled by the higher plants on either side, leading down to the muddy bank.
Dean looks down at the tub’s edge and spies the tube that Cas kept hidden away in his room. Dean feels a surge of ecstasy, letting go of Cas to bend down and get the lube.
Dean’s fingertips slipped away from Castiel’s skin as the boy got up fully. The smell of their combined mess hit Dean then, and he wrinkled his nose as he started to get up, grunting at the harsh pain in his back.
Cas bites his lip. He wants to talk about his life even less than Dean wants to discuss his, but he can’t deny the way he feels about Dean has changed. It seems now that Dean can tell too.
Asmod threw that rock at Castiel and hit his hairline. Castiel hissed with pain, but endured it. He felt a trickle of blood running down his forehead and dripping down his brow.
Dean looks at Peterbilt again. Compared to his service, this is nothing. And Cas will never take him in or back; that’s a pipe dream that Dean’s careful not to confuse with reality. Cas hates him, for good reason, and Dean’s pretty sure he wouldn’t want to house a deadbeat so unexpectedly for an unknown period of time.
Dean’s at half a pack a day, but he’s too drained to care. He’d hitched a ride from another trucker going to the office after getting off at the transient bus stop, basically traveling nonstop after being discharged from the hospital. But upon arriving, Ketch had stopped him at the door and brought him outside where they were alone. Dean can tell this isn’t going to be good.
“Mm,” Dean growls, biting a piece of Cas’s skin, “I want to sleep next to you… But I should have been on the road like thirty minutes ago.”
Castiel flushed as Dean looked over to him, lightly biting his lower lip. Castiel looked away for a moment as he shrugged, “I guess.”
“Nnn! I’m dirty for you Dean!” Cas moans, letting his head be pulled back from Dean’s grip, “I want to feel your cum in me!”
Dean shook his head, speechless by being anchored down by Castiel’s lust blown eyes boring into him. His hands came up to gently touch at Castiel’s thighs on either side of him just as Castiel leaned over him. The movement pushed Castiel’s waist into his abdomen and Dean fully felt that Castiel was hard as well. His blush intensified as he asked brokenly, “Aren’t you worried about someone coming in?”
Their heavy breathing synchronizes as Dean starts to move in and out of Cas. At first, he tries to move all the way out, but Cas quickly bends over more to chase him. Dean huffs and grabs Cas’s wrists, holding them above his head against the wall. He presses harshly into Cas, which elicits a moan, and Dean hissing lowly against Cas’s ear, “You fucking bastard. How can you feel this good?”
Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes on him and he cleared his throat, scooting his shot glass into the middle of the coffee table as he dodged the question, “How about another?”
“Well, then,” Cas moves around the counter, pocketing the paper with his wallet and keys, “Let’s walk down together.”
Castiel stared at the darkness of his locker and muttered what was truly digging at his heart: “Nobody will want me there.”
The tense air was putting a damper on the experience, so Dean thinks of using some of his world class humor to clear the air. They’re in the produce area, and Dean picks up a red chili, “Hey, guys.”
Dean pressed his forehead against Castiel’s, and he felt a surge of electricity strike through his body.
Castiel’s consciousness snapped back and rushed over to the sizzling chicken on the stove, going to throw it in the oven to finish.
Coach looked past Dean to the approaching Castiel with a cocked brow, arms unfurling, “Well that sure was quick.”
Dean heads over to his duffle bag next to the couch where he stowed his pack. He leans over when he catches the sight of a slumbering Cas, the TV light bouncing over his face. He seems so peaceful and caring right then - like he can actually potentially be something to Dean. But letting himself believe in that… He wonders if it’s even worth it, or if he should just keep smoking.
Jack was studying and Cas got lost in thought as he watched pork loin roast and broccoli sear. Cas then decided that he would not give Dean the satisfaction of knowing how much he had affected Cas back in high school. Instead, he would use Dean again.
Feeling Castiel’s cock in his hand made his own used member jerk in interest. He was above average and uncut, the soft yet hard skin sliding easily against his fingers. Dean felt like he was doing a clumsy job, though, and had an urge to supplement his lack of skill.
Cas moves away instinctually, back bumping against the dumpster, stopping him, saying with the same tone, “Yeah, well, the storm passed.”
“Oh, she did?” Dean chuckled. Castiel’s dread was matched only by his mesmerization at hearing Dean laugh. But the dread won over as Dean added, “She’s pretty.”
Dean was quiet for a moment, not moving away. Castiel looked back up to catch Dean’s eyes. Dean turned again and, without pulling at his arm, said, “Come on then.”
Dean found it in him to feed into Ash’s enthusiasm and rally with him, wooting and jumping on the bed. The division allowed for Drex and Castiel - having a much calmer demeanour - to claim a bed together, much to Dean’s relief.
There was still a small tremor by the time the last bell of the day rang. Castiel was glad to not be going home right away, but not very excited for the activity that was about to begin.
“Then you’ll fall into a ditch. I don’t know,” Castiel said, refusing to let up, “Something bad will happen to you.”
Cas uses his tender ass to push open the diner’s back door leading to the side alley where the dumpster is, pulling the two full trash cans out after him. The door slams closed and Cas moves over to the dumpster, the rumbling of the trash cans’s wheels against the asphalt booms against the otherwise quiet night.
“I can do it,” Castiel said, reaching up to take the sanitary wipe from Dean’s hand. Castiel took a glance at the partly used wipe before patting at his forehead with a clean side. He looked out at the glimmering water and asked, “How did you get all this stuff anyway?”
Castiel took it out of his bag and handed it to her wordlessly. She took it out of his hand but stayed for a while.
“Alright, sorry, sorry. Geez,” Dean quickly backpedals, but adding over the rim of his glass as he takes a drink, “I just never noticed the kid around here, is all.”
Cas’s arms pull Dean in closer. He hears Dean inhale, and he holds him tight against his body. Cas holds his breath, not sure how to put into words what he’s feeling.
Along the way, Dean mentioned, “So I think Ash and I are seriously going to throw that party tomorrow night.”
The memories have been something that Cas had been good at suppressing, but they have been resurfacing in a most peculiar way for Cas.
Dean pulled away just as Castiel did so that they were looking each other in the eye. Dean’s sight had only partially adjusted to the dark, but he could still tell that Castiel’s eyes looked dark and watery.
The whistle blew. Castiel rolled off Dean and Coach Singer approached, “Okay, this is how the rounds will go in tournaments, Dean. That’s how long a match can be, then the next match is dependent on this outcome. But first, let’s do a play-by.”
Dean’s eyes were still adjusting to the deeper darkness when he felt Castiel crowd into his space, pushing his back against a thick tree trunk. He felt Castiel’s hot breath against his neck as the boy nibbled his jawline. Dean shivered as he whispered, “What’s gotten into you?”
Castiel changed at lightning speed as the other boys hit the showers, wanting to leave before Dean got back from talking with Coach Singer. And he accomplished that; he exited the locker room and could have clicked his heels together with joy that he had successfully escaped.
Castiel blushed and looked away, lips pressed together. He was glad the cold peas were helping to cool his hot face. Anyway, it wasn’t right to feel embarrassed by Dean’s words. He was just being friendly, and Castiel wasn’t used to being friendly, that was all.
Dean leans down, his lips trailing against the skin of Cas’s neck as he mutters with a grin, “Come on. You’re filthier than I am.”
The doctor had told Dean his recovery time would be a minimum of three months, but he doesn’t believe that so instead he told Ketch: “Six weeks. Tops.”
He slams back against the bed, reaching for the remote on the nightstand with his other hand and turning up the volume on the TV. Nothing good is on, but endless
“I think it’s worth a shot,” Dean’s hand moved up Castiel’s body. He felt the boy tremble under his touch. His next words felt as if they sailed straight out of his heart: “Anyway, I don’t think I could ever stop feeling this way towards you…”
Castiel wasn’t able to take all of Dean, working the top half with his mouth the most as his hand stroked the base while catching the spit from Castiel’s mouth. There were some teeth and awkwardness as Castiel learned how to work his tongue around Dean’s cock, but Dean couldn’t care less.
“For your eye,” Dean said, gesturing to the swollen side of Castiel’s face. Castiel gingerly took it from Dean and lifted it to that side, gritting at the initial pain. He hadn’t realized the pain had been burning until he’d felt the cold contrast of the bag of peas.
Dean and Ash were both at Sonny’s, were the same grade, and Ash had introduced Dean to the wrestling team; it was natural that they would become close. Still, Ash knew a lot about everyone in the town. Castiel tried not to think about what Ash and Dean had talked about…
Castiel’s lips never failed to amaze Dean of their voluptuousness, but he was even more nonplussed by the initiation. Dean instinctively began to pull back, gasping against Castiel’s mouth. But Castiel persisted, pushing further up into Dean until he relented.
Now, Cas is soaking in the rays of having been opened and filled by Dean. Dean’s arm is around Cas’s shoulder, pulling him into his chest. Cas’s arm is over him, his nose near the back of Dean’s left ear.
He dares to glance over and sees that Cas is staring at the Impala with an unreadable expression. There’s a silence that Dean is about to take as a no when Cas shrugs and says, “Sure.”
“Well put up! Y’all aren’t breaking up the gang,” Ash declared, readjusting his bags and swirling his finger in the air, “Let’s ride!”
Cas is finding it more difficult by the second to keep quiet, to hide how much he enjoys feeling Dean’s mouth wrapped around him. He even exhales with gratitude when Dean pulls off his head.
Cas eyes the shortening distance between them, “I don’t owe it to you to be friendly. I don’t owe you anything.”
He walks his knees up to where he’s holding Dean’s slickened cock. His hand moves behind him to steady himself on Dean’s hip as he points Dean’s tip towards his hole. He massages the slick cockhead against his head.
Dean’s good hand comes up to the back of Cas’s head and turns it forcefully. The familiar look of utter ecstasy on Cas’s submissive countenance makes Dean’s heart pound. He kisses Cas, pushing his tongue in against Cas’s. The other man moans into Dean’s mouth, his hips stuttering. Dean sucks in his breath through his nose as the orgasmic storm rushes through him.
Castiel’s eyes snapped open at the realization. He’d liked how Dean leaned into him, liked the feeling of his soft lips against his own.
“Will one of you morons get the goddamn door?! Oh my fucking god!” Luci shouted from the other room.
Dean’s hips thrust up at that, and Cas drags his mouth down the side of his twitching cock. Dean gives another long lick from Cas’s perineum to the other side of his gaping hole.
He had to contort and lay on his side to actually fit, but it wasn’t too awful. No... It was terrible. His twisted back was to the rest of the room. From this angle looking up Dean caught a few moonbeams from the bottom of the curtains covering the window above. The sliver of light lulled Dean’s eyes closed as he slipped into sleep at last.
Luci laughed all the way back to the living room. Castiel looked in the pot with a deep sorrow and took the meager portion left. He went back to his room and ate, wishing that Gabriel, Raphael, or even Michael were here; anybody but Luci. Yet, they had lives and jobs outside of town. At that point, though, Castiel thought that even his older sister, Naomi, a senior at the high school, could watch them better than the freeloader Luci.
After Jack turned sixteen, Cas had surprised him by renovating the loft above the diner. He had decided to offer the pad to Jack rather than buy a house for them both because, well, he thought this is what he would have liked better when he was a teenager. It was a space that Jack could call his own, and although it had initially panicked Cas to think of Jack not at the apartment, he thought it would ultimately be for the best. It’s, as the kid’s would say, “pretty cool” of him. Although he didn’t feel cool at all when he’d surprised Jack with the space. Cas recalls Jack’s birthday and the first time he had shown him the loft.
The weekend rush comes and goes, and Cas has his usual trials and tribulations with Jack and Claire under his wing. But at some point, he begins to rely on Jack a lot like he can rely on Gadreel. Jack makes Cas proud.
The man pushes his cart away, nose in the air. Meg shakes her head and turns back to Cas, “What was all that about?”
He rolled his eyes but snorted at Ash anyway. He was a funny guy, but he didn’t know how true his comment rang for Dean’s life back with Sam and Dad.
Although hard to look away from Cas’s deep, passionate eyes, Dean glances down at the picture on the screen: a mugshot. Dean almost immediately recognizes the person - albeit aged like milk - as Cas’s asshole older brother, Luci.
Jack is just chowing down on some more goddamn cereal and a peanut butter and jelly bend-over when Dean comes up to him in kitchen to whisper, “Jack, wha-”
Cas imagines Jack with his cookie cereal and chuckles. He doesn’t mind Jack having breakfast (or, really, dessert) for dinner because he’s had a hard day. Cas is just glad that Jack can come home and relax. When he was his age, a bad day would happen and Cas had to endure and function through it with zero support.
A laugh choked out of Ash, and soon Dean and Jo followed. Castiel didn’t see what was so funny, but he was glad that at least he hadn’t made a social faux-pas.
Dean’s hands hungrily searched Castiel’s arms, chest, hips. Castiel instinctually bit at Dean’s bottom lip as he tried to control his twitching hips. He felt his dick hardening more and more, and he thought it should be pretty obvious to Dean.
“Come on! Let’s do this thing!” Ash groaned, holding out a fist to Dean. Dean met his gaze and threw out a fist too. They bounced their fists up once, twice, and on the third Dean’s threw out a sign for scissors.
Their breathing is ragged as Dean rides him shallowly, always rubbing up and over that sweet lump that has Cas’s legs buckling and arching his ass. But Dean is holding him up by the hip and by stroking his cock in rhythm.
Cas can’t answer, doesn’t know how to. All he can do is look deep into Dean’s eyes and moan out pleadingly, “Ah, Dean!”
He parks in the back, facing a fence crawling with kudzu. He turns off the engine and hoists himself onto the top bunk, drawing the stout yet thick curtain. He doesn’t even take off his boots, just laying face first into his mildewy pillow.
Hannah puts her hand on Cas’s shoulder, “Why don’t you just go and look for him? He’s probably just scrolling on his phone upstairs.”
After sufficiently clearing out his ever faithful cavity, Cas slumps to the bedroom and crawls onto his bed. His cock is still hard - probably harder than he’s been in some time - but he lazily reaches in the bottom drawer of his nightstand and grabs the lube with his faithful vibrator.
“Yeah, it’s just…” Dean started and then stopped. He bit his lip and looked at nothing but the sky. He chuckled before continuing, “Ah, I’m not good at this stuff, dude.”
Another month and a half has passed since Dean showed up again, marking tonight as the third time Dean’s come to Cas’s place. Last time, they had also spent all night wrapped up in each other. And that time Cas had shown Dean the shower himself.
“Yeah, right. The snow stopped like half an hour ago and so did you,” Hannah groans, “You’ve been down in the dumps all day. Jack’s in bed and we’re almost done here. Just go, would ya? You’ve been depressing the hell out of me all day.”
“Say it or admit that you were lying,” Dean continues evenly, his thrusts getting slightly faster. Cas closes his eyes, able to center himself a little as he begins, “You--”
This kind of shit only happens with Dean. Cas never does this, even when he was actively dating someone. He was always “ask before you kiss someone” and “tortoise wins the race” mentality. But that was all forsaken at the wild thoughts Dean had elicited in him. And now, he isn’t sure what he’s capable of. He doesn’t even know the means to the end of feeling those glorious lips against his, but he doesn’t care. And it seems Dean doesn’t either.
Dean chuckles from behind him, his other hand moving from Cas’s shoulder to the plug’s bottom. He starts pulling, and Cas breathes in and out to relax. The ridge is the toughest part, and then his rim slides over the rest, although gaping somewhat at the end. Dean snarls in lust and Cas here’s the plug falling to the floor before a harsh spit and feels it land near his rim. His nerves light up as Dean’s fingers rub into him before he feels the round cock head pressing against him in turn. Cas moans, and Dean asks, “You ready, then?”
Dean pulls away and Cas tries to quickly shroud the spiteful look he’d let slip when his face was buried into Dean’s body. Dean cups his cheek and smiles, “I wanted to see you. I wish I could see you more.”
Starting to get worried, Dean carefully swung his legs over the side of the bed and got up. His back was still a little sore, but definitely a whole lot more bearable. He tiptoed to the TV stand and looked around; the bolt was unlocked at the front door. Castiel really wasn’t there. Looking down, Dean noticed the only pair of room keys both lying on the stand’s edge.
Dean didn’t answer and Castiel’s heart pounded against his chest. Finally, he dared to look over, and was shocked to catch Dean looking back at him. Dean looked away quickly, replying, “Well, who knows? Maybe my dad will really leave me here, and I can be a normal kid.”
? Seems like a pure accident,” Bobby rolls into the kitchen and pours them a stiff drink without skipping a beat, He shoots a skeptical look over to Dean as he says, “Or there’s something else...?”
Cas watches Dean’s throat work as he starts to say, “Your mouth is- fuck, so soft. And your voice- AH!”
Dean was quiet, and Castiel’s eyes trained on the water beside them. Why did everyone hate him… Perhaps this was some grand joke that Castiel was left out on. Maybe Dean would spread an awful rumor about him on Monday or something.
Another clap and the team broke. Castiel was the first to get to the door, but he still heard Coach Singer say, “Dean, let’s talk in my office for a minute.”
“I just imagined you grabbing the gutter and it, like, making a loud noise as it broke,” Dean had to stifle his growing laughter, “Shit, that would suck.”
“Let’s get out of here,” Asmod demanded. Asmod gave Castiel one last look before the gang trekked up to the road, back to the car.
Dean slams their bodies back up against the door, pulling away to press his forehead against Cas’s. Cas gasps, eyes on Dean’s swollen, parted lips. But Dean keeps pushing Cas away with his head every time he moves to kiss him.
Coach Singer taught Dean how to reswitch properly, and also how to crowd. Castiel helped by demonstrating and then stopping at Coach Singer’s instructions. Then, Coach told Castiel to top and Dean to get on the bottom. As they got into position, Coach explained to Dean that this was how the next match between the two of them would go if in a tournament. The winner of this one would either inform the winner of the round or for one more match.
“Didn’t I just say you’re going to cum inside me?” Cas remains seated on Dean’s face as he reaches behind him to the nightstand. He slides the drawer open enough to snake his hand in and grab his trusty lube.
Castiel took a deep breath and racked his brain. Everything he thought of sounded lame and weak compared to the previous loaded questions. Instead, he looked around, shrugged, and took a drink. Everybody laughed.
But Dean would definitely be at this night practice, and that made Castiel’s heart race more than any sport’s competition.
Cas spins around so quickly in his barstool and fixes Meg with the most shocked, terrified expression that he doesn’t even need to verbally answer. Meg starts laughing and shakes her head, “Oh man, you are in trouble.”
Dean inhales sharply, all his worst fears coming to surface. The person is a handsome young kid, but only that - a
All fresh and clean, Dean returns downstairs to find Bobby reading and sipping some more whiskey. Dean smiles at the scene, helping himself to another drink as well. Bobby looks over to him and smirks, “Feel better?”
Cas is writing on a notepad on the kitchen counter when Dean enters. He smiles at Cas, but the man just clears his throat and moves to put the pen away, “You’re up.”
Dean staggers to his feet, massaging his temple as blood rushes to his head. He staggers over to the mini fridge and leans heavily on the door as he opens it. He tugs a beer from the plastic ring of a sparse six pack, wiping the top with the hem of his old shirt before cracking it open. He kicks the fridge door shut with his foot as he turns away, taking a swig.
Castiel led the way up to his room, where he typically ate his dinners with Anna; his room was a refuge from the noise and clashing attitudes. Still reeling from what Naomi had said, Castiel was able to ignore his alight nerves as he opened his bedroom door. For once, Castiel was thanking himself for being a clean freak.
“I wish you would take better care of yourself,” Castiel’s voice was gentle, yet the noise itself rattled Dean to his core. He had a deeper voice than most boys his age and size, something that had astonished Dean from the very beginning. He’d learned a word the other day, “sonorous” - he figured that described Castiel’s tone pretty well.
Dean looks to Cas for confirmation. He sighs and throws out his hand in acceptance, turning to look out the window. Dean grins at Jack before putting the Impala back into drive, “Point the way.”
“Oh, fuck!” Cas squeezes his eyes close as the pressure builds in his pelvis. His breathing is ragged, but he’s able to say over his shoulder, “I hate you.”
“Well, at least you know how to chug,” Ash commented disappointedly. Castiel figured he wanted something else to tease Dean about. But instead, he turned to Castiel with a grin, “Your turn.”
Castiel walked home. He did his homework. He read. He made dinner for the family. He helped Anna with her homework. He laid down on his bed and read some more… He set down his book and stared at the crumbling ceiling above.
Castiel dried his hands and began heating another pan on the stove to finish the vegetables. He turned to his sister with a remorseful eye, “I’m sorry, Anna. You’re on your own this time.”
Castiel couldn’t seem to maintain the kiss, huffing out breaths into Dean’s open mouth instead. Dean was grabbing onto Castiel’s ass like his life depended on it, not sure if his eyes were open or not as he was blinded by lust. Feeling Castiel’s bare, hard cock against his was an insane stimulation that had no way of grappling with.
Then the feeling of Dean’s head on his neck is gone and one of the hands that had been holding Cas’s hips leaves too; Cas hears spitting and then feels a slippery finger at his hole. Dean pushes it in slowly, and Cas growls out, “No. More.”
Dean goes to press back into him, but Cas wants full control now. He pulls away completely, roughly getting his legs out of Dean’s grip. Dean looks up, mouth glistening and eyes confused. Cas doesn’t give that any mind, just grabbing Dean’s shoulder. He pulls him up on the bed and throws him down so that Dean is laying on his back now.
Cas’s breath shallows. It’s true, he has been much more docile than their previous encounters. He burrows his face into Dean more, “I have a lot on my mind is all.”
Dean’s heavy breathing seemed muffled, like Castiel was hearing him from underwater. Dean was still on top of him, though, with his head beside Castiel’s.
Castiel pushed away the envious imaginings of Dean meeting up with some girl late at night, kissing under a tree.
It had started raining while they were shopping, just like Cas had predicted. After hurriedly unloading groceries back into Cas’s apartment, Cas concedes to Jack that it’s rude for Dean to help them out so much and not offer him a hot meal before he leaves.
Castiel watched frost grow across the windowpane. He wondered if it would snow soon. Castiel looked over to the rapidly sinking sun; the days were getting shorter.
“Damn,” Dean says breathlessly, his thumb coming to life to lightly stroke the piece of Cas’s shoulder he’d been resting on, “That was awesome.”
“Oh, Jack, it’s not like that,” Cas had rushed, coming over to embrace him. He reassured, “That apartment is so small, and you’re not a kid anymore. You deserve your own space. I’ll be here everyday, in the morning and when you get back from school. Yeah, I’m worried but, well… Do you like it?”
Castiel’s mouth squeezed Dean’s cock out of his mouth, rubbing the pulsating head against his lips. Dean felt some more cum rocket out of him, body twitching. Castiel’s hand was still wrapped around the base of Dean’s dick, stroking him through it.
The whistle blew. Castiel held on to Dean and moved his leg away from the reach. But Dean lunged again, getting enough room on Castiel’s grip to grab his leg. He performed the switch, but Castiel reswitched. Dean tried to crowd him, but Castiel pushed his hips up into Dean’s. He took the top again and pinned Dean.
Castiel tuned in for a moment, not following the lecture before but instead letting his mind wander as he looked out at the blue, clear sky through the window.
“Come on,” Dean got up with a grunt, steadied himself, and offered Castiel his hand, “We sure as hell can’t sleep here.”
That twists a knife that was already plunged deep in Dean’s heart. He shrugs it off, smiling to Jack as he wipes off his hands, “Hey, great chat and all but it’s actually getting late.”
Castiel drifted down the hallway and nearly missed his classroom door that the teacher had already closed.
An overwhelming fuel of confidence rolls over Cas. He moves his face closer, so much so that he can see the lust fill in Dean’s enlarged pupils as his eyes roam over Cas’s face. He snarls essentially against Dean’s lips, “For the same reason you came.”
“I joined the marines when I was seventeen,” Dean replies, feeling weird for being asked all these questions - especially in front of Cas.
“No,” Dean sighs, not wanting to reveal to Cas how actually financially destitute he is, “Nah, I wasn’t planning on it. I’ll just head back to Indiana, bunk up there.”
“Okay,” Dean cleared his throat and looked around before he got into the bottom position on the mat. Castiel kept his mind far away, pretending like Dean was still Drex to keep his mind from tailspinning.
“I scared you?” Dean is astonished, “What the hell are you doing in here? I thought you were someone breaking in!”
Cas relaxes as he makes coffee. Jack starts getting out dishes, pans, and ingredients, saying, “I’ll make pancakes! Oh! You have chocolate chips? Chocolate chip pancakes, yes!”
Dean laughs and Cas tenses, not expecting such a glorious noise. He shakes his head and takes another bag, minding his own business.
The guys groaned, but all still chatted excitedly as they took off the warmers to be in their singlet. Castiel methodically put his other clothes in his gym bag, trying to stay in the background.
Cas’s dick jerks in Dean’s hand and his own cock responds, grazing the skin on Cas’s ass. Dean pushes his fingers in further, feeling the warm rings of Cas’s insides hug his knuckles. Dean loses his contact with Cas’s neck as the man hangs his head. Dean notices that Cas’s hands on the shower wall in front of them have turned to fists.
“Say it,” Dean demands in the same soft tone, his eyes glistening. Cas can only lie there and take the slow push and pull of Dean’s cock, staring into his green eyes hopelessly. Cas can’t find it in him to say anything other than: “Fuck you.”
Castiel was tying his shoes on the bench in the boy’s locker room when the door slammed open and the group of boy’s laughter came, already loud and excited.
Dean’s breath hiccups and Cas smiles. Cas is just getting used to the idea that Dean can still make him feel so drunk.
Dean’s good arm is feeling all up and down the slick skin of Cas’s back and ass, his other sprained arm resting on Cas’s hip. Their hard cocks are trapped between their bodies as they rut together wantingly, moaning into one another’s mouths.
And with that sad outlook in mind, he drifts to the bathroom, undresses methodically, and starts cleaning his ass.
Cas shudders as he feels Dean press the residual lube on three of his fingers against Cas’s opening. He moans openly against Dean’s skin as he feels his fingers press in.
The snow may have stopped, but it was still very cold outside. Cas considers buying another truck. But a quicker solution would be to go warm his body with alcohol. He starts heading towards the roadhouse bar and texts Meg as he walks. She replies fairly quickly that she’ll meet him there.
He looked at the same sky through all his classes' windows, and when he had to pass through the hall he looked down at the patterns on the tile.
Meg was Cas’s drinking buddy for over a decade now, and although she’d tried to kiss him a couple of times, Cas considers her one of his best friends in the small town. They are two completely different people, but when they’re sharing a handle of tequila they mingle better than anybody Cas has ever met.
He messages Sam, Bobby, Charlie that he didn’t die on his way to Cas’s, and additionally shoots an email to a guy named Frank - a fixer of sorts for independent truck drivers contracting out. He doesn’t know why he casts that particular bait, but he also feels better after doing it; as if he’s at least working towards something while sitting around twiddling his broken thumbs.
Cas collapses back onto his pillow with a groan. His mind is still heavy from the memory that had haunted him in his dreams.
He felt too embarrassed to ask, biting his lip as he turned his head so his nose hit the back of Dean’s ear. Castiel inhaled, wondering when he’d be this close to Dean again.
Dean’s mind skids to a halt. He feels a sudden urge to kick himself for not properly preparing for this question. It’s Dean’s turn to look away, “I, uh, fell down some stairs. Face first, bam. Pretty embarrassing.”
He flicks the ash off and inhales again. He looks at the cigarette between his fingers, burning bright in the deep, dark early morning.
Then he felt the boy’s hand against his that was holding the wipe, “You’re not even getting it! Let me.”
“It’s no big deal,” Dean’s shakey response seemed so much closer, even though he was further away. It reminded him of what Dean had said that night under the tree after he’d kissed Castiel.
Cas looks up at the empty night, taking in a deep gulp of air. He hadn’t thought getting a text from Dean like that would do this to him. He looks back down at the phone screen, staring at Dean’s message.
He reached around to peek his head out just as he heard the truck door open and close. Castiel snapped his head forward. He pressed his back hard against the tree, wishing he could melt into it. He looked up to see Dean still at least a foot away from him. Castiel tugged at Dean’s shirt again and brought him in closely.
Eventually everyone was ready and chatting excitedly amongst themselves. Castiel led the warm ups and the team followed. Everyone knew what was going on and was excited to get to the matches.
Dean and Sam share a laugh and say their goodbyes. Dean puts away his phone, having no actual intention of calling a taxi service (if there really is one in the tiny town), really trying to pinch pennies. He attempts to walk the distance, but with his aching joints and wounds he promptly relents to take a breather. Instead, he thumbs a ride from a local farm hand to the outskirts of town, where his destination lies.
Jack pouts and snags his bowl of half eaten cereal, munching on it as he carries it to the bathroom. Cas hasn’t stopped glaring at Dean since he entered, and hardly waits for Jack to exit until he spits out, “What in the actual fuck are you doing here?”
Just like at the end of every practice, the neutral match against Castiel was the last of the day. And, like every time, Castiel won.
Dean sighs and looks down at his tumbler, “Yeah, well, you should know I was never good at obeying orders.”
This man - Met - doesn’t budge to move out of their way, instead antagonizing Cas further, “I mean, I am assuming that you will need help? Moving, at least? I don’t mean to pry, the news is all over town, you know. Unfortunately, of course.”
Cas fumes and is about to retort when he eyes Gadreel approaching the counter. Cas clears his throat as Gadreel passes behind him and Cas continues with a softer version of his fake smile, “So a burger?”
A small break of silence. Cas opens his eyes and looks over, even though Dean's face is buried in his neck. He feels Dean shake his head, “I just wanted to know if you remembered.”
Dean biting and licking into Cas's ear seems to be helping Cas’s compliance, moaning softly and pressing up into Dean’s dry humps like some horny teenager. Dean’s hands snake away from Cas’s on the wall and move down the front Cas’s torso. One hand goes up, the other goes down...
Soon, Ash had tuckered himself out and was snoring loudly, arm dangling off the side of the bed closest to the window. Dean had gotten ready for bed quickly while Castiel had been in the shower. He was casually sitting up on his side of the bed watching some dumb sitcom on the fuzzy screened color TV. But the boisterous laugh track was only a background to Dean’s own divine comedy.
Cas peeks around the diner cautiously, taking a measured sigh of relief at seeing Gadreel waiting tables in the dining area. Cas has to stop this Dean-train before it derails and it’s revealed to all in the diner that Cas is associated with this person.
Cas watches Met enter his unlocked door and only whirls back around to his beer when the door is shut.
Dean is right there in front of him, filling Cas’s vision. He can feel him moving inside of him, catching the waves of pleasure to pool in his pelvis. Dean picks up the pace.
“What would I do, hm? Flip burgers? Go back to the marines? I think I’m just a little past my prime for all that,” Dean shakes his head and takes a sip of his drink, “This is the only life I know now, Bobby. Ain’t no changing that.”
Castiel’s brow furrowed, a frown pulling at his lips. He looked back down at her homework too, “Yeah, he’s not.”
The pad of his thumb came up of its own volition and caressed the bottom lip. Dean’s eyes skimmed over the wide ridges and flushed tone through the dark. He was mesmerized over the tender skin, recalling how they had tasted. Castiel sighed against his fingertips.
He abandons his empty glass and walks around the counter to where Dean sits. Dean’s body rotates to Cas as he comes closer. Cas accuses: “So this is just convenient for you.”
Cas bites his lip. It’s a crazy question to ask at a moment like this, and Cas feels thrown off. Of course he hasn’t been with anyone else, of course he’s hung onto every interaction with Dean like it would be his last testament to romance.
“Lemme carry that,” Dean said as Castiel could feel the backpack already being lifted from his hand. Castiel glanced over to see Dean shrug it onto his other shoulder that wasn’t carrying his own pack. Castiel stole that moment to examine Dean. He was looking ahead, his body in front of the canopy and sun. The rays of light through the leaves highlighted the taller boy’s silhouette. Castiel found himself blushing, looking forward once more.
Coach Singer instructed Castiel to get on bottom and Dean on top; the whistle blew and as Castiel switched Coach Singer blew the whistle. He came over and told Dean about what Castiel was doing and how the maneuver was accomplished. As he talked about where the hand would land, Castiel instinctually helped by putting his hand on Dean as Coach Singer went through the explanation.
He feels Dean’s cock jerk between their bodies and Dean replies with a biting moan, asking, “Mm, do you want to clean then?”
Although it’s midday, the thick overcast clouds hide the sun well enough to darken the ground as heavy drops consistently pour from the sky. Dean and Ketch burn cigarettes out on the deck of the Men of Delivery truck hub and office, the thick moisture in the air clinging to the lingering smoke. The concrete under their feet is soaked, spotted with black from the wetted ash that’s flicked from their cigarettes. But the two men ignore the elements as they stand in silence.
An odd feeling occurs; the pooled heat in Dean’s pelvis begins to spread. It first moves to his head, where he gets dizzy and begins to lose his pace, and then travels to his heart. Dean’s moans are like a cry, and he can’t stop.
Cas looks torn, but Dean just has so many questions. He figures that just a few answers now will qualm his racing thoughts. Cas seems to read this on his face, because he relents, “Basically, Luci is a federal fugitive. The other day he showed up in town and tried to hurt Jack.”
Cas turns and leans his back against the door, watching Dean stumble in and look around. Dean does a three-sixty and finds Cas’s eyes again. Cas’s face is blank, just watching Dean. He’s not sure where to start, what to say.
“Ugh, same old overprotective mom crap,” Jo said with a heavy sigh, “I don’t get how you could homeschool a kid but then have them working in a
Turning his hand with his fingers inside Cas so the hole is spread somewhat, Dean is quiet as he slides his cock against his lubed palm and up towards the fingers deep inside Cas. As soon as he feels his cockhead press up against Cas’s opening, the other man becomes aware too.
“Yeah, this is a heavily trafficked road, you know,” Dean chuckled as they lay in the middle of the lane.
Anna blushed furiously and defended, “No! I’m just curious! I heard something really sad about him today…”
Dean kissed behind Castiel’s ear as he pointed Castiel’s cock towards the tree. He watched Castiel’s cum shoot out of him and paint the bark, feeling the boy’s dick pulse in his hand.
The first half of the second session was brutal. Dean felt as if every match ran into a second or third round, and he was trying to recklessly fight against the harsh pain in his young back. Dean wouldn’t have been able to make it if Coach Singer hadn’t rallied the team together during the pass. And then, in just a few matches, Smallville became one of the first people to skip past the fourth session and into Nationals when all their players came out on top.
“Totally. He says he doesn’t really know you. We’ll all just be hanging, it will be really relaxed. You don’t even have to drink,” Dean continued. Castiel was somewhat shocked. He’d known of  Ash since he’d arrived in Smallville in middle school. Still, it was true that Castiel didn’t really know Ash very well either.
“But, I-” Castiel began to protest, but Dean shot him a look and Castiel quickly shut his mouth, muttering to the coach, “I’ll go look again.”
Castiel couldn’t help glancing over. Dean was facing his own locker, shirt off. Castiel managed to keep his curious eyes away from the bruises on Dean’s arms. He continued, “That’s what I was going to say before.”
Dean growls and his hand scoops under Cas’s leg and pulls it up. His leg is momentarily caught on his pants, but Dean helps push it off so he can properly hook his arm under Cas’s knee.
“Dean, remember, around his waist. Lower, here,” Coach Singer was kneeling and instructing Dean where specifically to hold. Castiel’s mind was struggling to keep clear, but it was sobering to have Coach Singer right next to them as he felt Dean’s skin against his.
Castiel shivered from embarrassment, looking to the side, searching for meaning to why he was so anxious, “We’re at the school…”
“Go, go! Go! Ah!” Lucifer shouted at the television in the living room. The football game was blaring, but Luci’s voice still cut through loud and clear, “What the hell is going on with dinner?!”
Dean was exhilarated again knowing that Castiel hadn't gotten off. He unceremoniously reaches down between them and tugged down Castiel’s own loose sweatpants. The boy exclaimed with a gasp that soon melted into a stuttered exhale as Dean took the girth and started stroking him.
Castiel’s hips stuttered, his hand moving away from their cocks. Dean didn’t notice, too absorbed into rocking up into the other boy. Castiel was thrusting too, but without his hand their hardened dicks slid against each other messily.
“Okay, get into the referee's position,” Coach instructed with an encouraging clap. Castiel couldn’t stall any longer; he got down on all fours. He felt Dean coming up behind him.
The pressure made Dean slowly relax each section of muscles under the travelling touch. Castiel’s voice appeared again, reaffirming his actions, “Maybe if you rest after this you’ll be alright for tomorrow, but you should really pay attention to stretches. Don’t push yourself so hard. And don’t sleep on the couch.”
He felt Dean shiver against him as he admitted: “I don’t know what to do. I feel different about you and I don’t know what to do about it.”
“Eh, I mean… I’m freaking out a little,” Dean admits, “I don’t think I’ve ever shown up to his place out of the blue like this.”
The sun rises on the familiar route. Although his battered body has made it somewhat cumbersome to drive, Dean manages fine. In fact, he’s enjoying himself. Instead of being traumatized from driving ever again since the accident, it’s almost as if he has been craving getting behind the wheel once more. Anticipation slowly was mounting in his gut all along, just for this. Although the Impala isn’t a semi-truck, the classic model still feels better than ever as it cruises along.
Another moment of shared silence. Then, Dean backs away from Cas’s neck. He positions himself so that he’s looking into Cas’s eyes. Cas looks back steadily, eyes adjusted to the darkness. Dean’s brow looks worried; Cas gulps in anticipation.
“Here ya go!” She announced, handing out each glass before turning to Castiel, “And I thought we could go over the last chapter real quick?”
Anna laughed and Castiel cracked a smile, but the smile was for himself. He was relieved that Anna was there and that he didn’t have to talk to Dean directly.
Castiel was a little surprised that Dean wanted to do something with Castiel another time. Especially after all that had happened today. He wouldn’t have blamed Dean if he wanted this to be their first and last real interaction. But Castiel couldn’t deny the thought of Dean showing him something was appealing. The idea brought a soft smile to Castiel’s lips, “Okay then.”
Dean pushes up and moves his body over Cas’s. Cas opens his legs and wraps them around Dean’s waist, feeling the blankets slip over his thighs. Dean’s tongue licks into Cas’s mouth, his hand coming up to grip Cas’s throat above his adam’s apple.
The two lick into each other’s mouths and tumble over each other to some unknown area that would be steady enough to hold them. But Cas was too preoccupied with tasting Dean to really care where they would end up. As soon as Dean stops moving - pushed against the side of the kitchen counter - Cas is falling to his knees.
“It’s not like I want you to,” Castiel slowly replied to the sky, “I’m just scared you’ll get hit by a car on your way back or something.”
A laugh escapes Cas, amused at Dean’s spontaneous dramatics. He looks back up to Dean and catches him staring back, totally absorbed.
Both their breathing levels out and Dean slowly pulls out of Cas. Cas can feel the cum running out of his asshole as it spasms. Dean touches Cas’s ass for a moment and says with wonder, “Fuck, that’s so hot.”
Castiel was about to reply when the door they had just come from swung open. A girl with long, straight blonde hair and fair complexion strutted in with armfuls of bags and six packs. It took Castiel only a few moments to recognize her as Jo Harvelle.
Dean looks away, rubbing his neck nervously as he begins to ramble, “Look, I’m sorry to barge in on your family, or whatever. I’ve had, like, a total shit week. Then I drove all night, my phone died, and I did knock, but- I’m just making excuses. Look, I wanted to see you, okay? I really am sorry. About yelling at your kid too, I guess...”
to actually close the diner while he is just daydreaming out the window. Cas looks back to the window, “I’m not sulking. It stopped snowing, that’s all.”
Coach Singer praised them both as they untangled. Dean offered Castiel his hand. Castiel bit his lip and didn’t look at Dean as he got up by himself.
Dean’s groan intensified and he folded his arms around his head, shoving his face into the mass he’d fallen onto - Castiel and Drex’s bed.
Not really wondering why Castiel hadn’t noticed Dean’s footsteps, he gritted his teeth and fisted his frigid hands, remembering instead why he was here. Dean hissed out angrily as he began to approach again, “Hey. Cas.”
He pulls off with a pop, spit sloppily stringing from his mouth to Dean’s dick. He moves his hand to stroke Dean again as he replies, “Don’t. You’re going to cum in me.”
That pulled a small smile out of Castiel before the boy below him redirected his attention to Dean’s groin. Meanwhile, Dean was doing his best to just stand up straight. He was glad that this tree was behind him, otherwise he’d tumble over at the next passing breeze.
Dean had been great tonight. Caring, excited, engaged… And he’d kissed Castiel. Dean had said it hadn’t meant anything, and Castiel wanted to believe the same. But regardless, that had been Castiel’s first kiss. Although he would have liked it to last longer, be more mutual, or not be under pressure of the circumstances, Castiel actually didn’t feel that bad about it.
Castiel hand moved to hold the bottom of Dean’s cock as he started to lick back up to the tip. Dean’s useless hands at Castiel’s shoulders came to life, weaving his fingers through Castiel’s thick hair. Dean watched helplessly as Castiel’s perfect fat lips wrapped around his cockhead, heat circling around the sensitive spot.
Benny pushes off the bar and swaggers over to Cas. He comes up behind Cas’s back and presses his chest to him, “It’s real funny… ‘Cause ‘ur like, the girl, right? Hahaha!”
Castiel went ahead and sat on his bed, Dean stood as Anna came in after him and sat on the floor. Dean followed, resting his plate on the ground. Castiel felt embarrassed again.
Castiel blushed and kicked at the ground. He looked back up at Dean and said, “You know, you could stay here too. I’m still worried about you walking back alone.”
He handed a plate to Anna and then took the other over to Dean. Handing it to him, he avoided Dean’s eyes as much as he could as he said, “Come on.”
At this point in time, so young and innocent, Dean had no way of understanding what he was asking of them; they could never hold hands in public, go out on a date, even flirt or openly be attracted to one another. He was asking that they actively hide their affection, guard their actions. Dean couldn’t fathom the scope of his suggestion - and perhaps neither could Castiel - but that had no bearing on their decision. That wouldn’t matter anyway; Dean felt sacrificial as he held a quivering Castiel against him.
Something starts to come out of Dean’s mouth but Cas is already turned and all but running to the back again.
Dean caught Castiel’s gaze briefly before they darted away again. Dean could see Castiel was being pushed into a corner as panic flashed over his face. Dean’s mouth came to life: “Actually, I was thinking I may be staying wi-”
Cas’s blush intensifies and he sits up straight. The texts were sent an hour ago, but Cas types out furiously: “
Dean is about to really dig into this kid when Jack starts to innocently say over his shoulder, “Ah, maybe we don’t-”
Dean is heaving out his breath, hands on Cas’s shoulders to hold himself up. He mutters out, “Holy shit.”
“I-” Cas swallows his words as Dean’s hand moves from his neck to tug at the back of Cas’s hair. He starts to vigorously thrust in and out of Cas. Cas’s spent cock is still hard and drooling over Dean’s hand.
She wipes away a tear but can’t stop giggling as she points to Dean a couple times, “Wait, hold on. I know you! Yeah, you used to always bunk up at the motel but never stayed in your room.”
He regrets it almost as soon as he sends it. He resolves to not dwell on it and just get ready. But as soon as he turns off the screen, his phone dings again. He looks and sees Dean’s response. Cas opens it quickly and reads: “
Cas dares peak up once more. He hadn’t noticed when Dean had unbuttoned his shirt, now hanging off his shoulders and full chest exposed. Cas pulls Dean out his throat and pops his mouth off the rest of his cock. Dean groans as either a thanks or frustration. Cas doesn’t leave him, though, instead licking up and down the length of his cock, the hand that was holding Dean’s ass instead moving to stroke up the length of Dean’s chest. Still stroking his own wanting cock, Cas maintains eye contact. He becomes particularly fond of the base of Dean’s dick where the smell of him is most concentrated. Cas finally replies in a coy voice, “Do I?”
Dean’s heart races as Cas’s emotional eyes find him. Dean wants to know so bad, about everything that’s going on with Cas. He wonders how long he can push those boundaries until Cas just tells him to get lost.
Dean strains at the words. Alexis Rose. When agreeing to go on this case, he had no real concept on how many triggers this town (and the family that owns it) would set off for him. Meeting Alexis Rose would be kind of awesome, but he was more intrigued with the gossip surrounding her international travels and drama than anything. Sure, she’s hot, but well, he’s resented her ever since her release of “A Little Bit Alexis”. That little ‘song’ got stuck in his head for weeks. And anyway, air travel really isn’t his thing.
Cas leans over a bit and plants a sweet kiss on Dean’s forehead. They both breath peacefully for a couple of moments. Cas slides closer, rutting against Dean slightly, with no real intentions.
Dean isn’t going to argue with that. He is also laughing too much to care and opens the back door of the Impala to motion Cas out of the back seat. “C’mon Cas. Road trip picture time.”
“Yes, a bug. Enjoy your stay.” As Stevie leaves, Dean glances back at the bed and realizes that Stevie must have been the one that found the body. She seems to have a steely outer demeanor, but is clearly shaken by the sight of the bed.
They all make it out of the barn slowly. Sam helps Gwen while Rowena and Twyla walk conspiratorially close together. Dean and Cas follow the rest of the group.
There is a moment of silence while Dean gathers his thoughts for his next argument when Sam adds as an after-after thought, “And now you can’t flirt with Alexis Rose.”
He wonders how they can stop this. Cas doesn’t seem interested in finding an escape, which frustrates Dean to no end.
Cas’s hand slips down to Dean’s neck and starts making a little swirling motion, a comforting touch.
“I came back to work with your brother. I have no desire to cause further issue with you. I will go.”
"Dean, in case something goes wrong, and I don't make it back, there's something you and Sam need to know."
Dean needs to check in with Sam. Schitt family curse? Another death? He wonders how well the research in Elmdale is going and whether Sam has visited the library in Schitt’s Creek as well. They’ve got another death on their hands. It seems it’s another person passing through town as well. It fits the pattern, if they can call it that.
Cas continues to stare at Dean. He briefly looks down, dropping the last apple slices into the bowl of sugar and spices. Dean wants him to stop, to look at him, to say something. He knows he deserves this silence though, for all that he put Cas through over the years. He can’t possibly begin to make up for it all. Cas lost family, too.
He goes over everything that happened in the evening. Dean didn’t see every person Cas talked to —the mayor and Johnny Rose for sure. His mind goes in circles for a bit. Without Cas filling in the details, anyone’s a suspect.
Dean doesn't know what that means. Jack and Billie's plan is their only option to stop Chuck. His mind races with half-thoughts and malformed ideas on how to keep Cas in the bunker, and keep Cas safe with him. His mind draws a blank on anything concrete, and he digs his fingers into Cas's trench coat, physically willing him to stay.
“But he was, Dean. He’s what I might have been. I’ve been broken down, reset, taught the true ways of Heaven so often.” He scoffs, looking up, “I wonder how much I really remember of my angelic existence.”
“He said you were ‘trying’ to not think of him as a monster.” Cas presses his lips together and looks down before continuing. “That means more than you can imagine —for both of us.”
“It’s a good thing marriage is off the table for us because you’re going to have to try a lot harder than that.”
“Nothing.” He just walks over to Cas and gives him a tight hug. He pulls back and adds, “Although I thought you were going to stop being a dumbass on cases.”
He abruptly stands to grab his towel on the side of the bathtub, and hears a garbled gasp from Dean. He looks up to see his face, red. The room is a bit steamy, Cas observes.
“Go find her, Sam. The kid and I will head back to the bunker. Meet up with us when you can.” Dean fiddles with the ring on his keys, the sudden realization of all they had almost lost making his breath hitch a tiny bit.
“I can be a tourist, Sam. Niagara Falls is one of the most breathtaking phenomena on the planet. I have visited it many times and could pretend I was just there.”
Cas looks down, indignant, and runs his open palms down the length of his torso, making Dean inexplicably sputter even more.
“Cas, you’re here, too. Good. I think I found something connected to those newspapers. Or rather, I remembered where I read about that town.”
Startled, Cas looks up and sees Dean smirking and standing in the entryway of the kitchen. He’s slightly mussed from the day’s work, all sweaty and with a smudge of grease on his forehead. Cas wants to cradle his face and wipe it away with his thumb, and kiss him senseless.
“Mind your own business,” Cas grunts, giving his hips an impatient thrust under Dean’s mouth. He doesn’t want to talk to Dean about his life, especially the tattoo he got with his college boyfriend.
Ash groaned and turned around to Dean as he closed the door, “Dean! You ready to kick some Topeca Trojan toosh or what?!”
The engine rumbled idly in the driveway while Castiel’s mind went into overdrive. The tree trunk wasn’t too thick, he had only enough space to press his back against it as he pulled Dean in, and then Dean had to stand in front of him and not beside him to be concealed. But Castiel wasn’t thinking about how close they were, his head turned to listen and concentrate on the truck.
While the spray hits his face, Cas imagines Dean’s new face. He turns away to go through the motions of a shower.
Cas’s feet find the back of Dean’s calf and thigh as he responds to the contact, pushing down on Dean’s muscles with his toes curling.
“Yeah, but,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, “Anna mentioned you’re good at helping her out with that stuff. Who knows? You might even be more entertaining than Mrs. Doyle.”
“Castiel!” Coach Singer’s voice came through from his open office, right near the doors to the boy’s locker room, “Come here real quick.”
Castiel’s eyes jumped to Coach Singer with the utmost alarm. Castiel's mind didn’t quite understand what he was asking, “You mean like…?”
Dean heard the door burst open and someone rushed to the bathroom. Ash’s voice was echo-y as he called out excitedly, “Guys! Two words: Pool! Party! C’mon!”
Smallville represented well and the team was bouncing with adrenaline by the time they were checking into the hotel after the banquet. No parents had volunteered on the trip so Bobby had been too busy to bother with sorting kids out, leaving it up to them to pick their own rooms after grabbing their luggage from the bus parked out back. Ash quickly corralled Dean and Drex when they meandered to the lobby, then spied Castiel from afar.
Raul and Jervis laughed heartily. Castiel tried to laugh too, but felt wrong in a way he didn’t recognize.
He gave her a kiss on the cheek and she shoved him so roughly he fell backwards onto the couch opposite the one Dean and Castiel were seated at.
Cas could be described as pissed. He was accustomed to rude customers, but the circumstances shaping this particular day has the lone trucker pushing all the wrong buttons. He tries to steady his breath again to calm down.
“Sorry, Bobby, but if I leave now I might be able to catch him in the morning before work. I have to go.”
Castiel looked over and saw Dean staring at his beer. His thumb rubbed at the perspiration, and he didn’t look up as he replied, “Yeah.”
Dean’s hand knots through Cas’s hair as he starts to suck him in and out of his throat. Cas can hear Dean lose his breath, Cas’s nose nearly pressing into the shortened hairs at Dean’s pelvis. Cas can’t help but open his eyes to look up and see what kind of mess he’s made. He catches Dean’s darkened eyes gazing back. They go wide for a moment, before darkening even further, his jaw clenching and grip in Cas’s hair tightening as he snarls, “So this is what you want? Just suck my dick?”
A quiet had fallen over the small group, and Castiel felt the pressure. It was the same pressure he thrived in when he was in the ring against an opponent. Owning that feeling, he took the first shot.
Castiel instinctually stepped between the eyeline of Lucifer and Dean. Luci raised a brow and turned away, saying to the room, “I need a smoke. Shit better be on a plate by the time I get back.”
A gust of wind caught the trees’ branches, shaking auburn leaves to blow up and over in big groups. They rode the wind like waves in the sky.
Castiel was overwhelmed. He swelled under Dean’s attention, his lips worked to form the words: “I… I don’t want you to just use me to experiment with. I miss hanging out with you more than anything.”
Dean starts growing in Cas’s mouth again, and he keeps going. Reaching down, Cas unbuttons his own pants. He pulls himself out and starts stroking himself to the rhythm that he’s sucking Dean’s now almost fully erect cock. Dean, on his part, has stopped struggling and now is pushing into it slowly. He’s leaned back, elbow supporting him against the edge of the counter.
The gym’s door closing echoed through the silent gym. Castiel blinked as he was gripping over Dean, both of them laying on the mat. He lost his concentration as he noticed they were the only two left. Castiel wondered how long he and Dean had been practicing.
The two stumbled together along the road and then Castiel was leading the way into his neighborhood. Dean kept asking him his address and Castiel kept repeating it to him. He didn’t understand why, just chalking it up to drunken stupor.
When he landed, he was facing Dean again. Dean’s jaw had gone slack and he was staring at Castiel dumbfoundedly.
Dean hummed as a response, too swept away in the blissful massage to fight back. The TV clicked on and Dean heard Drex sigh as the other bed beside him rustled. Castiel’s therapeutic massage was successfully holding back the panic Dean had been feeling; it was also good that Drex was in the room as an easy buffer.
Cas’s hand reaches to stroke the top of Dean’s head as he pushes his mouth down further. His mouth is wet and hot around Cas’s cock, sliding up and down until it hits the back of his throat. Cas’s brain drains of blood as it all rockets south.
Ash had added some outlandish details about the Kline’s house being defaced with slurs and dog shit. And how Asmod was the first to normalize calling him “fag” at school. Why on earth Castiel had put up with all the abuse still confused Dean, despite Castiel’s explanation. Nonetheless, Dean had seen some of the results of all that for himself from his time in Smallville...
“Yeah,” Anna replied as she knelt down to him. Castiel didn’t need her help, and Mr. Wyatt knew it. He caught the teacher’s eye, but he turned away again. Castiel began picking up his papers and Anna helped.
Castiel realized he had been silent for too long. He didn’t want to argue or beg Coach Singer, especially in front of Dean. He pointed his eyes to the corner, gave a defeated sigh and replied, “Fine.”
This was one hell of a situation he was finding himself in. In the ten and some odd years he’s been a trucker, he’d never known anybody that had used a runaway ramp. Or had been hit by a landslide, for that matter. Dean gives a self deprecating chuckle and hangs his head; this is just his luck.
“Jesus, it’s getting cold out there!” Jo exclaimed as she used her foot to kick close the door, “Little help here!”
She got up and went back over to her bags. Castiel was a little nervous; Dean hadn’t explained this drinking game. He looked over to Dean, caught his eye and asked, “What is a fire line?”
Dean is getting the idea, grasping at Cas’s body with crazed need as they rut into each other and their lips and tongues work together. Cas bites Dean’s bottom lip; they open their eyes halfway, gaze meeting before Cas is done biting. A small moan escapes Dean and Cas's nerve is steeled.
He’s taken too long to reply to Ketch, and so the other man seems to take that as a response. He grimly shakes his head, “It doesn’t matter. Here’s the bottom line, Dean: you don’t work for us anymore.”
Jack’s eyes shift around as he nods gently. Cas puts a hand on his shoulder, “I know, parties can be a lot. But they’re also stupid. No pressure. I think you should try to go, and if you don’t have a good time then at least you tried.”
Lucifer took out a lighter from his jean pocket, using it to pop off the bottle cap from his beer, letting it clatter to the floor. He leaned against the cabinets and took a swig, replying loudly, “My problem? My problem?! It’s their goddamn problem! If we don’t come back in this quarter we’re totally fucked!”
And dammit, yeah Cas wants to want him to leave, but he can’t bring himself to tell him so, to say that he never wants to see him again.
“Let’s get away from the windows while we talk,” Castiel interrupted, pushing Dean to the corner of the backyard. They could see the back of the house and the driveway, but it was far away enough so that Castiel felt comfortable that their voices wouldn’t wake anyone.
“Oh,” comes out of Dean’s mouth, but Cas is already in too deep. He narrows his eyes and asks genuinely, “Do you not want to?”
“Look, I’ll just-” Dean begins but Cas doesn’t let him continue as he clears the distance between them, roughly pressing his lips against Dean’s. And then he pulls away, the space still so minimal between them, suffocating a surprised gasp he feels coming up by pressing his lips together tightly. Dean does the same, looking at him, dazed.
Dean needed to tell him about seeing Jo, about Castiel “not feeling well,” and most importantly to give him the keys back. But when his eyes fell upon the wild tufts of dark short locks, Castiel’s back was to him, looking up and talking to Coach Singer. Dean could see Coach’s face, and he did not look happy.
Coach Singer’s whistle blew again, and both boys got up. Coach called, “Okay, good! Alright, Raul, let’s do top.”
Castiel’s hands stumbled over Dean’s skin to a stop. Dean could hardly hear the other boy breathing, and after a stretch of silence Dean sucked up enough courage to look. He turned his head to peek over his shoulder.
Cas walks up the steps attached to the side of the diner and knocks. No answer. Cas’s heart stutters, and he knocks harder. A pause, Cas tries not to freak out.
But Castiel couldn’t answer that. He remembered Dean standing over him that day in the hall, but it’s not as if he had done what Asmod had wanted. If anything, he had merely taken the fall for Asmod and his gang. And it wasn’t like Castiel had stood up for Dean either. However, that proved to Castiel again that he was a burden to anyone who touched his life. Castiel was resolved; it was better for everyone if Dean stayed away.
“My life is shit, Cas,” Dean finally says, “But when I’m with you, I forget about all of that. I just want to be with you, okay? Don’t make me talk about that mushy, past shit, please. I’m fine with you not caring. I get it.”
Castiel sighed, eyes slipping closed as he was the one to meet Dean’s lips. This kiss was much gentler than before, but almost as passionate as their first real one. Dean’s hands aren’t shy to feel Castiel. But even though Castiel had been giving him a massage earlier, his fingers seemed to fumble against Dean’s bare chest like clunky hot iron rods.
“This is seriously why you called me?” Dean is teasing her, but if he’s completely honest with himself he would much rather be focusing on driving right now.
The hum of Cas’s heater circulates around his quiet bedroom. But the only noise that fills Cas’s ears is Dean’s huffing breaths evening out. Cas’s senses feel hyperactive in the glow of his second orgasm of the night.
Dean’s smile lingered as he watched Castiel get up and walk to the bathroom. He noticed that the TV was still on as he started to clean the cum drying on his abdomen anyway with the towel that had held ice. Castiel returned with a dry towel soon after. Dean thanked Castiel by pulling him closer with the towel to land another kiss. Castiel laughed at that one, pushing him away teasingly as he went over to the window. Dean smiled after him like a lovesick puppy before remembering to properly clean himself up.
“Well, you, on the other hand, you,” Dean checks Cas out with a glimmer in his eyes, “Looking good.”
“Hm,” Dean responds shortly. At least someone believes Cas likes him, because he sure as hell is still on the fence.
Arriving at the diner, he’s greeted by a well groomed and well mannered Jack. Cas smiles in return to his shining son, who immediately brings him a mug of coffee, “Good morning, Cas!”
“Nn!” Castiel exclaimed. He hadn’t been expecting Dean to also be as hard as him, but Castiel could feel him through his denim jeans. Castiel’s breath caught as he realized it was the first time he’d ever felt another boy against him.
Raul comes up to the mat. Coach said to him, “Let’s go from yesterday’s set. Remember, shoulders as far from the ground as you can. Like a push up, right?”
Dean grunts at Cas’s response, angling his cock down, pushing down on Cas’s ass and pressing into him at the same force; he roughly rubs right up into Cas’s prostate perfectly.
Dean inhaled anger, and exhaled pity. He wondered if Castiel really had never been told how actually insanely amazing he was. But, to be fair, it was a question Dean had asked himself a lot too. Dean hesitated in his response, but dove head first: “I mean, ha, I don’t really understand either.”
Damn that Dean. Damn Cas for still feeling anything for such a scoundrel. And how dare he look so gorgeous. Now that Cas knows what he looks like, his mind scours his memory of earlier today. Dean is still so fit, which was surprising for any long term truck driver. And his complexion was a nice even tan with speckles of freckles across his straight nose. The wrinkles that etch his face are full of character and only highlight his strong bone structure. And green eyes that had not changed in their hue but had a different density to it. Lips that reminded him of that Mr. Sandman song: “like roses and clover.” Cas wants to set that flower and field on fire.
Dean didn’t say anything. Castiel looked up, suddenly extremely concerned that maybe he’d angered Dean somehow.
Maybe Dean is overstepping himself, but Cas seems to not think so as he reactively empathizes, “Yes, I know, exactly! I just had the most aggravating conversation with his principal this morning about just that. But she’s reluctant to the idea of him being pulled out during the last semester of his senior year. Completely unsympathetic.”
Castiel shrugged; this was all going way over his head. Dean hit his forehead and agonized, “Oh, man! What a tragedy!”
“I don’t know if that’s what you say to a dude, but,” Dean’s hands were feeling Castiel’s chest along the lines of his muscles, “That’s what I think.”
His mind easily slips into consideration of calling Dean again. Cas knows it will probably make him spiral from his rare good mood, but then again, he was always good at torturing himself.
Castiel's eyes squinted and he tilted his head in confusion. He didn’t quite follow what Ash was saying, but it sounded good. And it felt nice to be wanted.
And as per custom of any one night stand, Cas was content that he would never interact with Dean Winchester again.
And here Cas is, texts from Dean and him staring at his face, mocking. He has the means to chase after Dean, to give himself his own closure. Screw it if Dean doesn’t want to talk to him again. Cas deserves some answers!
“Then there’s the couch, dumbass, there’s no room here,” Dean pushed back, pretending to ignore Drex’s bit about Castiel.
Cas leans over so he’s on all fours, his hole positioning over Dean’s face. He feels two hands at his ass cheeks, spreading them open. Dean’s tongue quickly follows, feeling the vibration of Dean’s voice moaning as he pushes his tongue into Cas.
“I, um,” were all the words Castiel formed. Dean’s hand stroked Castiel’s ass to cup it, enjoying the look it brought to Castiel’s face just as much as he liked the feeling of the taut muscles. Castiel gave Dean one more short kiss, and then he began kneeling.
“Dear Dean and I will demonstrate,” Ash replied for Dean, sitting up and rubbing his hands together as Jo came back over to set the other shot glass next to the other four.
Glinting against the spotlight of the warm sun rays is a mixtape. Cas’s shaking hand extends and gingerly lifts the mixtape from its place. Written on the front label in black marker is: “Dean s top 13 Zepp TRAXX”
Dean grunted; there was some fumbling going on between their bodies on Dean’s part. Castiel heard a zipper and felt knuckles brush the base of his cock. Castiel tried not to show how much that brief, accidental touch affected him by burying his face into the spot he’d been kissing at Dean’s shoulder.
Dean begins by reminiscing of the most recent stop at Cas’s. He would have rather shoved frozen shit up his ass than had gone to meet Benny at the diner, but then Garth had to go and be so goddamn excitable about the meet up that he became impossible to shoot down... But in the end, Cas defied his expectations of him being upset and instead seemed to almost
Both Cas and Dean know that he wouldn’t actually hit Dean, but it is a threat Cas is willing to throw out there. Dean laughs in shock, “That’d be a sight, huh? You think we’d get in the local paper?”
As he went about his apartment - it was too clean, it was too dirty, he had dressed too nicely, he dressed too casually - he felt the plug like a lump of anticipation. He bent over as little as possible and let the lust pool in his pelvis.
Dean laughed, thinking Castiel was joking, but the air died in his throat when Castiel responded with a deadpan expression. Dean really didn’t feel like switching beds, or having this conversation as Castiel finally continued, “Don’t you think it will be suspicious?”
They take off for the bunker. At first, music from the radio fills the silence. Dean fiddles with the stations until Bob Seger’s soulful voice fills the interior of the car.
He grabs Cas’s shoulder as they walk and says, “Buddy, your sense of humor is only good for a very select audience.”
“Oh, no, no, no, not in town, just outside of town. Apparently Roland was talking to Terry while I was dropping off paperwork to Ronnie, and Terry mentioned they had to respond to a call from Elmdale about an ‘incident’, which then Roland learns was a suspicious death. But don’t worry, it turns out the man wasn’t from Schitt’s Creek, and I’m sure it’ll all be a funny antidote at next week’s town board meeting. Roland had to head out for the ultrasound with Jocelyn, so he couldn’t chat long.”
The whole hayloft is lit with golden light. There’s still shadows in far corners, but the front of the room, where Cas is now laid out on the table, is lit with candles. There’s a group of about ten people, four men and six women. One is holding a spell book while another adds ingredients to a large bowl beside Cas. Gwen is there, standing off from the others.
“I killed myself, Dean. I killed that part of me that was an unfeeling, unquestioning monster. And I’m glad of it.”
“So, let’s just set the record straight, the Schitt family has been associating with witches since at least Salem, and now that Jocelyn Schitt is pregnant, they’re active again? What did you mean by pregnant
Dean and Sam approach the counter and Dean can overhear their conversation —something about girl’s night and David and Patrick being ‘too much’. Dean glances over at the woman when they reach the counter.
“They’ll make it. Jack got us through. He’ll find Sam and Eileen and get them through as well. I know it.” Cas touches Dean’s shoulder in reassurance.
Cas shifted again and the angled pressure on his ribs caused him to wince. He blinked, eyes glossed over. The unanswered question settled between them.
Their bread was one of the best he’d had in years and became a must-have of their weekly shopping trips when they were in town and not out on a hunt. The local baker, Mrs Iris, was a well-aged woman who occasionally helped out at the store. Today was one such day.
“Sam. Yeah, it was the hunt. The ghost attacked him at the cemetery. He used the last of his grace to get back to the room and passed out. And yes, I’m as sure as I can be, he’ll be okay.” Dean made eye contact with Cas before adding, “I’ll be sure to take care of him.”
“Fine,” he said. “It’s not the worse, but I don’t see why I need to wear it. We’re going to be caught up with the hunt. When are we going to find time to mingle with the locals? I doubt the witches will appreciate the fashion statement.”
Leaning into the warmth, Dean tilted his head back to rest on Cas’ chest. He stared at them in the mirror; wearing matching sweaters like some cookie-cutter couple out of a home and life magazine. His lips rose at the image. The two of them being a normal couple, going to the fair for the sake of seasonal cheer and not having to worry about the witches who were poisoning children or the end of the world.
Thank you for joining me on the journey of this fic. I'm beyond appreciative of everyone who has taken the time to read this and leave kudos and/or comments. You're awesome. All mistakes are my own. If you enjoyed reading, do consider leaving me some feedback it means a lot :) Take care and stay safe out there.
He grabbed his pre-packed go bag from below his bed. Stopped only to re-loaded his shotgun and walked - straight into Sammy’s chest, “You big oof. Why are you blocking my door?” Sam pushed him back into the room, “Dean, hold up would you?”
Jack curled into him and tugged them down till they were all huddled on the ground. His eyes were moist and he was shaking. The sight scared him. It felt far worse than a punch to the gut. “Jack,” he shot Sam an uncertain look before lifting the kid’s chin to meet his eyes and said, “You need to breathe.”
“Dean Winchester, when I saved you from hell all those years ago, I didn’t know that I was rescuing the love of my life. You taught me free will and helped shaped me into the man I am today. There’s nowhere I’d rather be than by your side. I love you. I love you more than the stars that fill our night skies and more than words could ever encompass… I had a better speech prepared,” he said, blinking through tears. “But now I’m crying, so if you’d do me the honour of being my partner forever, Dean, will you marry me?”
“I - I can’t feel his grace.” Crap. Dean stared at him, unsure of what to say or ask. He remembered Cas telling him about this, Jack had left some sort of angelic tracer of his grace. That way they could always feel each other even when apart. It was a comfort blanket for Jack, knowing that Cas was there.
“Wait, okay. It’s Sunday, you left home on Thursday night. We didn’t hear from you, it’s been two days and then,” Dean swallowed, “Jack, couldn’t feel your grace so I came after you. Cas...”
Holding his breath, he stood still as Cas opened the box and took out the key-chain. There were four keys and two black charms; a pair of angel wings and a miniature model of Baby.
Dean smiled, finding it hard to contain his happiness. He knew that he was falling in love, not only with his angel but with the family he’d built. Their family. His brother, best friend and their kid. The best part being that he got to have this, he was content and for the moment, they were all safe.
A giggle escaped Cas, “Want to help me choose a scent?” He was half-pouting, giving Dean a soft smile he knew he could never resist. Looping his arms around Cas, he said, “Sure love.”
Dean snapped, “What?! Are you hearing yourself right now? Cas… Listen to me man, you’re my best friend. I honestly don’t know what I’ll do without you in my life. You are my responsibility. I know, I’ve been crap at showing it, but I do care about you.”
so. It’s all blurry… my last thought was trying to get back to the motel. Looks like I burned myself out and missed the bed.” He winced.
Their pancakes were the best he’d had in well… ever, and yeah, maybe it was the proud look they both wore upon completion that made him biassed. Or the shine he saw in Jack’s eyes when he offered the first bite, searching his soul for approval, anxious yet hopeful. Not that it mattered, he’d have eaten them even if they tasted like charred charcoal, anything to see the kid smiling.
“Happy holidays Cas,” he said, breaking the silence. Shifting in place, he kissed along the line of Cas’ jaw before settling on his lips.
Taking a deep breath, he gripped Cas’ hand, “Well. let’s go have our breakfast. I think they’re some pancakes with our names on them Jack. And will you be joining us, my soon-to-be husband?” He bumped their shoulders together, smiling so wide his cheeks hurt.
“Sam no. You have to stay here and look after the kid. It’s bad enough Cas’ isn’t here. I’ll go after Cas.”
“Sunshine,” he kissed the tip Cas’ nose. “This is perfect. You’re not an angel anymore. You don’t have the power to fly us to the Caribbean or change the weather, but you’ll always be
Dean groaned at the thought of them getting wax all over the kitchen counter, but he was smiling ear to ear.
“Dean is right Jack. I’ll, I’ve been better, but my injuries will heal. I miss you,” Cas paused. Looking up at him, he said, “I’m sorry you all got worked up over me.”
“The keys are yours now. One for Baby, the bunker, our room and the last one is a surprise for later.” He could feel the heat rising to his neck and face.
Cas’ body was limp, allowing Dean to manhandle him into the tub with some ease. It hurt Dean to see him like that, it was as if he was watching Jack panic all over again.
His face pinched, “I, I was out for two days?!” Oh. Things were starting to make sense. That’s why he didn’t call, why he didn’t pick up the darn phone. Dean nodded as he turned the angel’s face to his, “Your grace?”
"Can I see some form of I.D. sir? You have to sign in," she said, without looking up. Dean pulled out his wallet and handed her his driver's permit, before signing the motel's registry.
A high pitched whine escaped him when Cas let go. His throat was raw. Reaching for their forgotten hot chocolate, he sat picking out the marshmallows until the fire caught life before them.
Dean shrugged, “I don’t know anything about wool. Ask him.” He made for the pantry and fell silent, falling into the trance of planning his next meal.
. He even managed to brainwash Jack and Eileen into joining him, but Dean didn’t care. There was a magic to being embraced in the arms of his love, enjoying the streams of lyrics as they brushed by and losing himself to the moment’s peace. The comfort and freedom he found in their waltz left him breathless.
