Oh shit. I quickly hand the baby off to a very confused Bruce and take Peter into my arms comforting him.
"Good to know your lie reflexes work." He jumped in his chair at the sudden voice in front of him. His eyes widened in realisation and terror. In conclusion, he was not going to like what was in store for him.
"Hello Steven! Loki, do you thing." He said as he knelt down and started ruffling mine and Peter's hair. Then the other man walked up to me...
"Ooh me too, I found some paints back there earlier, that's something we could do!" Shit. Even Nat snapped her head at me, amused with the situation, she found out a couple months ago. What can you do with two super assassins in the house.
"No, that's what I succeeded in doing, he just thinks he's talking to fans." Damn, that was smart, Steve would never deliberately do something like that.
"What's with sending Steve to flirt with everyone on this effing beach!?" Oh, now he gotta answer, and if he doesn't I have a backup suit perfect for this occasion.
While worst case scenarios started going through my mind, even Peter stopped crying at the noise. So I climb over Peter who was sleeping in the middle of the bed to see that Tony had woken up- probably due to the noise-and hit is head hard on the wooden underside of the bed. I giggle and gently kiss Tony on his head where he got hurt and help him up. I know I'm not supposed to find this funny with the crying and whatnot but it was pretty darn hilarious. Everything was going fine but there was something to couldn't get my head around. So I look at Peter, "Why did you cry, did you get another nightmare?"
It was such a boring day at the Tower today and unfortunately since Thor would rather stay an Avenger, I'm being crowned in a week! Not saying I would'nt love being king, and bossing people around but it's soo much responsibility. And I have to leave for Asgard with Thor tomorrow to handle the preparations. So, I decided to make my last day count as I probably wouldn't be back here for a while. PS. Don't tell anyone but I kinda still have my scepter... Sshhhh!! Thanos is gonna be pissed.
"And do you come to bed after that?" My arms had moved up and were crossed over my chest. I thought it would be more intimidating having an offensive stance. He again opened his mouth to say something but shut it at the loss of words and counter arguments. "Exactly."
"And he also has the same ringtone, the same friend..." and then he stared into my eyes, "...and the same eyes!" Shit, he may be on to me. Oh no, now he's going for the hat, damn it and its off. Great.
"He left about an hour ago, I believe to get a haircut." Oh, without me? Well I really can't blame him, his hair was so long.
"I wanted to keep an eye on you." If it wasn't for my super hearing, there is no way I would've gotten that.
Steve and Tony stand there pretty cluelessly for a while which may have been the first time Steve had bitten his nails and finally Bruce comes blasting into the room, panting. He looks around the room before his eyes set on the kid. He does whatever they do, I have no idea and soon enough, Peter's coughs fill the room.
"Well, unless I use my secret weapon." I'm sure you already got what my 'secret weapon' is but Peter is six and I would never say anything like that.
Ayyyy!!!! Two in a weekend?!? I am on fire. Anyway, comment and tell me what you think and I'll reply. Share your thoughts.
"Hello miss." She did exactly the opposite of what I expected. She was incredibly rude, she rolled her eyes and snorted. It was funny how those two simple actions bothered me to my core. Then, out of nowhere, a kid can out from behind her, he was dressed in a Star Wars stormtrooper costume and looked quite cute. But as I've learnt, never judge a book by its cover. He pulls a gun from beside the doorframe and squirts Peter. Not once, not twice but until he and his costume are drenched. The worst part was the woman didn't do anything. On the contrary, she laughed! What disrespectful brats. I would never say it out loud but they were. Tony however felt differently.
The memory began to dissolve away. Before all its components could be stripped away, the green grass, the tall building housing a family of superheroes in the background; Tony caught a glimpse. Another Steve sitting on the other side of the road, jean-clad legs pressed into dew sodden grass, white t-shirt gleaming in the sun. No cowl, no shield, no white A shining across his forehead, no red and blue. He was sitting, and watching the two men come to an impasse by the roadside, outside the grounds of the facility that stood for everything they had given their lives to, over and over.
FRIDAY made a corresponding sound of interest. Tony went on hastily, “If that’s something that interests you, I could talk to Rhodey about the War Machine armor – though I can’t really speak to the experience that positively myself. From personal, um, experience.”
Ahead, he hears the distinctive crunch of bone-and doesn’t suppress his smile. No one can see behind the helmet anyway.
The underlying disagreement still existed. Trust….was in short supply. They were both going out on a limb and a half- the wounds had been inflicted too deep, and were yet to scab over. This was just duct tape- to messily hold the blood within. There would be scars, and ramifications, and nothing was ever going to be like the olden times ever again.
“That’s remarkable irresponsible of you.” Vision said, and Steve couldn’t stop his jaw dropping, for a second. For all the resignation and understanding and frustration (
Because this was just like him, wasn’t it? Even while donating millions of dollars to impoverished students, and ways to help people get over mental trauma (maybe he’d have showed it to Steve, one day, and then he’d be able to have that last dance with Peggy at the Stork Clu-), he was still baring his vulnerabilities in their faces. Look, I made a way to deal with things people would rather not deal with. I’ll show it to you by publically displaying the last, tainted memory I had with my parents. Look, I have a chest full of shrapnel clawing its way right to my heart. I’m putting a bright, shining light right over it. So you know exactly where to hi-
with a picture of Marilyn Monroe on the side. He’d gone through the list several times over, but had never heard Steve say ‘ducky shincracker’ or ‘stompers’.
He breathed, then rose to his feet. Fastened the buttons of his jacket, covering up his chest. Flexed his fingers, curled them into fists, flexed them out again. Then, as if the pause had never happened- “Bring her up.”
“I…..look Cap.” Sam heaved a massive, dramatic sigh and Steve’s eyes rolled before he could even begin on whatever tangent he was going to start now. “You know I got your back. You do. And when you go around kissing leggy blondes….I’m all for it. But you gotta admit, this thing with Sharon
…or maybe not. Sam burst out in cackles again over ‘octopus’, Steve sullenly glaring at a two-hundred-year-old Japanese artefact decorated by waving tentacles all the while. Several faint wheezes later- “remember to Google hentai at some point.”
For all these months, the chip had been a constant blip in the heart of the Avengers facility. Even when Tony paid visits to politicians and military officials and head of states- Steve had assumed Tony had probably shoved the phone into the darkest corner of some drawer in his office in the facility; but hadn’t minded, as long as it was still with him, ready to be drawn out at a desperate moment.
“I know you didn’t.” Sam cut in, and Stark startled, widened eyes flitting to his own for brief seconds.
“The Army cannot be allowed to know that you’re here.” Stark seemed like he was almost forcing it out through gritted teeth, barely reigned energy jittering through his frame. “You need to leave. I’ll…I’ll fetch Rogers.”
No one was going to care. Which was…fine, good even. It solved their problems, got Ross off his back for good, restored the public’s trust in the Avengers which meant no more fugitive status…it was good. Even if a part of Tony remained, small and shifting with unease at the back of his brain, twisting disquiet at the pit of his stomach – the same that reared up every time he had to release tech into the production line without perfecting it. Sure there were deadlines, some things just weren’t
look loosely propped on a wire hanger, but rather like it…fit. Those eyes would always remain the same though – idealistic spark and impossible kindness twinned in dark irises.
“I…you didn’t know. Weren’t in control.” It looked like every word was carving out a piece of flesh, but memory-Tony continued, jaw locked and eyes staring sightlessly. “They didn’t…wasn’t your- fault.”
Tony pulls back for an inch, and sees blue eyes, a shining face. He sees Stephanie Rogers, and thinks
(it was another of his avoidant schemes, if one bothered to keep track of those kind of things. Instead of, ‘I’m feeling vulnerable and want to take back some power in this situation’, it was, ‘I’m Tony fucking Stark’. Because Tony fucking Stark didn’t have intimacy issues, or defensive reflexes, or explicable, real emotions. Tony fucking Stark was an asshole just because.)
His eyes moved from the roof to the other source of light in the room, though barely that. It was a line of white, peeking out from between a cemented sill and musty, dark drapes. A window, then.
“All my life really, it’s been the same.” He was backing up from the table now, hand flying out in bigger and bigger gestures. Face growing flatter and more remote. It was a production, really. A production to hurt. “People in awe of the genius. In awe of the money. Not me though, not really. Too busy looking down their noses at the philandering and the sleeping around. Merchant of Death was a kind name, really. They never expected anything better.”
“There’s nothing here.” But sand and rock and a clump of three trees, with fissured bark and straggly leaves, sleeping at the far end of the beach. Sam could hear his own, whistling breaths.
“If you continued indulging your hobbies and rejoined the team,” Christ almighty not this again– “would that make me a member of the Avengers?”
Tony jerked his chin at the couple adjacent to them, the redhead frowned. He did it again, eyebrows rising and falling animatedly. Steve felt the rope separating the dancers from the crowd under his fingers-he didn’t know when he had moved this close.
The New York birds are cawing the place down, the streets are clogged and pollution hangs in the air like a cheerful fuck you to every fresh morning walk cliché he’s ever heard of. Still, they’ve got newly made bagels in their hand, the air is free of the stink of villainy, and he’s attempting to explain his fucked up thinking processes to another human being. Things can’t be that bad.
“And then?” Tony didn’t know if it was considerate or cowardly of him to interject a question right then. Like Rhodey had paused for this very purpose-and not to breathe out a tight exhale because his back was screaming pain at him.
Steve Rogers, for his own bloody part, didn’t seem to miss a beat. Unwavering gaze and inflexible jaw and all. “So are you.”
right now. “While I’m sure scanning paperwork and fetching coffee are the height of your ambitions at the moment, SI could-”
“Oh yeah, I’ve heard this one before.” Natasha didn’t roll her eyes, the gesture far too pedestrian for her – and Steve knew that, now and during the course of… ten? Ten years. “The future isn’t really that bad, the internet is such a useful resource, do you know how dangerous polio used to be–”
“No. I mean, yes.” His words were colliding with each other, rapid and clumsy. Steve could feel a flush begin to build at the base of his neck, creeping past his jaw. “I-I get it.”
The Iron Man stepped out completely from the alcove, two hundred pounds of weight thudding onto concrete. Its fists uncurled, finger by finger, its palms coming alive with a faint white glow of –
” Down came the coffee mug- and then another, and another, ceramic and porcelain shattering to smithereens on the cold workshop floor. Another swipe, and the bits and bobs and tools went flying off the desks, clattering to the concrete in a horrendous racket that could wake the dead. The holograms kept flickering weakly in the background.
“I think Lord Byron would’ve resented that.” Tony can hear the grin in his voice, can feel it stretching across his face.
Not that it isn’t important, to certain kinds of people. Love. It’s just that Tony has had more…significant emotions to contend with, all his life. Not that he knew that in his younger years.
“Arrogant bastards.” Iron Man spoke out loud, muted and almost admiring. Three strides and the sound of metal against concrete echoed hollowly through the beach, Sam watching on carefully as the red-and-gold figure limned in light stepped in front of him and steadily disappeared down the darkened stairs. Two seconds, and Sam followed on his heels, wings folding inward and back with barely audible
The body of lead that had been sinking in his gut for the past…..days? Weeks? – sagged several inches further. When had it gotten so cold in here?
“Kettle, meet fireplace.” Sassy retort notwithstanding, Steve clambered off him and withdrew to a safe distance outside the tickle zone. “Last time, the blue waistcoat was on the floor for three days. And you whined about the wrinkles for
Which was a stupid plan, because Tony was in the distracting red-and-gold getup even if the chinos did surprising things for Steve’s ass… but the ass had already taken off.
Steve didn’t take the bait – stepping forward till Tony could count every blonde strand in his fringe being ruffled by the wind. “I… I know things have been different since Bruce left. But Rhodey’s on the team now and… Sam’s a great guy–”
“I dunno.” Peter said again, face scrunching up like he was just another teenager that hadn’t just completely blindsided Tony fucking Stark. “You’re pretty old.”
Tony stepped forward, shoulders pulling back, because it was impossible not to. “Then maybe you too need to remember that I’m the face of this entire grand operation to legitimise powers. Poster boy for superhero obedience. I leave, and this whole thing falls flat on its face.”
out to Lila when she was four, and Clint had been drawn in, an unwilling, enraptured moth to her flame. Lila dropped off to sleep less than  three chapters in but Laura continued reading; her light voice winding round and round the melodic syllables, tripping gracefully up names and titles and dwelling lovingly on places her mind had resided in as a kid: Rivendell, Mirkwood, the Misty Mountains.
Maybe this was just a two-off thing. Maybe Stark was done with screwing with his head and he could now go to sleep in
It was almost dark by the time he made it outside- the stars were gleaming: cold, white pinpricks of light. The blanket of white snow was now a bleak expanse of glittering grey. His boots crunched into the icy powder, took a few steps- then that ineffable thing, beyond strength, beyond sinew, maybe called will- finally gave out. He landed on all fours this time, shield slipping from a numbed hand and rolling to lie flat on the ground beside. One exhale, crystallising inches from his mouth, and another. A third, final- and then he pulled his useless right hand back to fiddle with the catches on his right shoulder. One little wiggle of the lever……there. There. GPS on.
“It’s my genuine pleasure, boss.” FRIDAY sounded warm. She sounded…..pleased. Some days, her extremely enhanced emotional capacity, and lack of reluctance to display that emotion scared him. Today was not one of those days.
Whoopsie-do, here came the inappropriately-timed laughter. “What, you think I left the team ‘cause I didn’t
Sounds blared in and out of his mind like a fractured record, somewhere beneath the peaceful drumming of the rain on the roof. A cascade of images flipping past his eye too fast to see: the ground shaking under their feet, the roof crumbling, the bars lining the cells twisting in place. Repulsors flashing white in the dark, his heart frantically thudding against his ribcage, words being pushed past cracked lips.
A kid was screaming at his brother, in the restaurant outside. The sounds filtered through the walls, and Steve still hadn’t dropped his vague shadow of a smile. “You like strategy.”
“I suppose I can live with that.” His heels were three inches deep in the sand. He’d been digging them in, and hadn’t even noticed. But they just sunk right through.
This: the comfort, the familiarity, the ease-Tony threw his head back, veins straining against his sweat-damp neck, and Steve felt the knife slice through his heart, quick and easy-the
“Just spider solidarity.” Peter positively beamed, and Tony could have recited the next words in his sleep because it had to be the fifty thousand and seven hundredth time he’d heard them, “She first taught me how to–”
, Tony tells himself firmly, and sits down to eat. Thor and Bruce seem locked into a fairly engrossed conversation, which is an interesting sight, and Clint keeps trying to down his food in more and more scintillating, athletic ways-which is either going to lead to some sort of Guiness World Record (they have that for literally anything) or Natasha scissor-strangling him at the end of the day to extract a piece of food gone down the wrong tube. He’s calm, and relaxed…and this closed jar of applesauce is really giving him a lot of grief. He wants some with his breadroll, dammit, and yes he’s one of those revolutionaries who like breakfast foods for dinner. But his shoulder fucking hurts and this lid was apparently super-glued shut.
The quinjet touched down silently. Everything in sight was green and gold, like a vision out of a Tolkien novel.
“Yeah.” It came out as an exhale, halted from escaping by his faceplate sliding down into place. His ears filled with the whine of the repulsors coming to life, boots leaving the ground as Tony glanced aside and cast an unseen smile at Steve squinting upward at him through the sunlight. “Next time, take the shield with you on the subway.”
Heart slowly thundering in his chest, Steve stared at the screen, the bright white rectangle sending bright spots dancing in his vision every time he blinked. His thumb hovered over the attachment, wavering in the air. One inch, one brief movement, and it would download and play.
Then of course, like something inevitable, Natasha’s low soprano took over his hearing again- describing how denial was a delicate, fragile construct; how essential it was for mental health, how sometimes damaging, how almost every man who’d committed a cruelty sought its help to do what he had done- how maintaining it required careful, almost deliberate lack of thought, an unnatural focus on some things and disregard of others. How when it started crumbling, it started all at once and it was like looking at the real world again after staring for ages through a kaleidoscope, though some still clung to it, smiling through their downfall- so much so that they didn’t even feel the impact as they hit the ground. And then it broke, all of a sudden, as the dust began to settle and the quiet began.
“Fine, be like that.” Tony punctuated the sentence by another involuntary, jaw-splitting yawn. “You send the compressed files to Rhodey and Steve, at least?”
“Maybe the key was,” T’Challa continued, a little slower. “-seeing the man behind the weapon. The man who’d lost family just the way I had. There was nothing drawing us apart- except the action that I’d choose to take in that moment.”
After that third night, there was a four day gap, during which Steve tossed and turned and decimated punching bags and did a thousand push-ups and longed desperately to talk to Bucky or Natasha. One had decided to seal himself away from the world, one had taken to the wind to vanish from existence it seemed. Sam would….would focus too much on trying to
“What’s her name.” Steve whispered it on a rasping breath, and Tony’s voice broke off. “Your… daughter. Tell me her name.”
Steve…stilled, there was no better word for it. Even the blinking had stopped. There was always something in his features reminiscent of classical statues, but now he looked more granite than marble – solid and brittle, warmth leeched out of his skin, his irises.
“Nothing like being called ‘Underoos’ to legitimise your identity as a superhero.” Peter was demolishing the tower faster than it had piled up, till only draggly, soggy bits of vegetable remained.
He couldn’t let it rest like that. Of course he couldn’t. “Why do you think I haven’t given up on him?”
governmental control…but then Tony was the closest friend he had, and Steve tried to imagine his reaction on finding out that Steve had disabled the suit; hell, him
Suffice to say-Sam had never quite been one to turn to the Almighty for assistance. (The seventeen hours straight spent in a chapel when Riley was still…struggling in intensive care didn’t count. Religion wasn’t meant to be just for crises. Otherwise it wasn’t religion.)
(one issue, two entirely different methods of coping. Brave to the point of being masochistic, and severely avoidant. Polar opposites, probably both unhealthy. Damn if this didn’t define them to a tee.)
“And that value’s been…expanding, to say the least. Since I woke up in this century, since I numbed myself to this world.” The words dropped like they were perfunctory, like they’d been stored up for a while, for days and months and years – but there was no relief, no fanfare. “Since I thought trading my past for people’s future was a fair bargain.” A flash of feeling, there and gone in Steve’s eyes. “It’s been a steady climb…but this isn’t about that. Though I wish a million times over that it was.”
“Hiring you as my personal assistant was the best decision I ever made.” There were still words coming out of his mouth, entirely on autopilot, why–
probably didn’t teach the classes, even if Steve mustered up the courage to go. And if he did…Steve would still be an outsider, peeping into a bright, vivacious life that had no place for a relic, a withdrawn shell of a man.
“Also the one that got infected by a neo-Nazi group and almost committed mass genocide.” Okay, so it wasn’t as bad as Ross finding out about the vibranium shield lying in his basement. Still not ideal. SHIELD had rotted away from the inside.
“No, but they’re surprisingly lenient with the rent, so we make do.” Peter muttered in return, in that fantastic mix of deprecation and hyperbole he managed to bring to his humour. Tony never quite knew whether to take his jokes with the sincerity they came served up with. Plus, the kid had been apologising less and less these days which just made things so much bette-
Repulsors powering up, Tony took to the air and jetted over to the front-facing side of the café, landing on the pavement as noisily as possible. Two large strides and he kicked the door in, gaze automatically scouting the back entrance to check if Steve was glowering at him. In the very next second, he received facefuls of fire – which warmed his nose up slightly, because unlike Apple, his model upgrades actually improved the tech.
(So much of his work at the VA had been about leading the rootless vets to identify their own issues and problems. Flaws in their belief systems. Being honest to yourself took you a quarter of the way to recovery.)
She nods, and remains waiting in the doorway. Steve is motionless on the bed, the looming weight of the future wrapped around his wrist.
A last, useless flex of the fingers: and Sam could almost feel the frantic energy being drawn back into Steve, the broad frame stilling and curling into itself, concentrated and readied. An exhale, and that chin lifted in determination.
A wave of subdued understanding broke over memory-Tony’s features. He took a step towards the car door, and paused for a second. “You alright?”
His voice ratcheted up in sharpness, “Is this the SHIELD of the morally grey super spies and triple agents?”
He was familiar with the action of watching Tony Stark on video. Most of the modern world that had grown up in this century was- the man was everywhere. And he knew how to conduct himself: it was like his every action, every movement was perfectly choreographed to draw eyes, draw attention and keep it. Like every second of the man’s life was meant to be caught on film. Maybe that was why this unending, shaky bit of footage was so off-putting. It was like nothing that Tony Stark had ever put on show before. No skin, no alcohol, no buzzed celebrities hanging off his arm, no glitterati, no insults and quips in equal measure being flung at the camera. No impassioned speeches, no iron suit, no explosions.
She introduces herself as Virginia. He calls her Pepper outside his head-and truth be told, that irritated twitch of the lip in response to that little nickname is the only reason he hires her. He calls her aluminium inside said head, because it’s useful and can be found mostly anywhere.
“But it doesn’t work like that.” And Steve smiled again, maybe not quite as idealistic, shadows peeking from the edges – but all the stronger for it. “There are things and people that exist outside my…scope, my understanding. The kind that are worth respecting, the kind that change minds. Kings and wizards and Norse aliens, even a space cowboy or two. Inspiring, heroic people.” That weathered smile again, this time just for him. “Stubborn people.”
Steve turned his head, and Tony was probably just imagining it, but the sudden impression of a solid gaze pinning him down was hard to shrug off. They stood still for protracted moments, sightlines ensnared and legs unmoving, before Tony saw those shoulders swivel and scarlet boots begin to take the first steps toward him.
And that’s getting to be a pattern, really. Things that were supposed to end in one place, end one way-but they don’t. Tony washes his face with cold water, cleans the grease behind his ears. Thinks- “
His brows automatically furrowing, Steve opened up the mail with a swipe. The message body and the subject header were both empty, with one video attachment only- but that wasn’t what caught his eye. What jabbed at his vision and made the steady beat in his chest stutter, was the sender’s address.
“I know.” Natasha acquiesced. There were lines under her mouth, when she smiled – quiet and open and unpretentious. “I just like it here.”
Washes his rapidly heating up face with cold water again. Frets and worries and thinks about gobbling up a sandwich in his workshop like he’s done a million times before. But that would be acknowledging…this, attributing importance to…something, and he
“Isn’t always what it’s cracked up to be.” That was…that was his voice. That was Tony’s voice, echoing strangely in the silence that followed, and he should have bloody seen this coming. All that remained was to hold on to the rails and wait for the punchline – wait for Steve’s eyes to grow colder at the mockery made of him. All that exited, however, was a solitary word. “Forgetting.”
“You’ve trusted other people.” Just because Tony didn’t make the list didn’t mean…didn’t mean Steve had to pass an overarching judgement on himself.
Another pause, and Steve was getting tired and frustrated with the quiet; the quiet that interrupted even when he was with other people. Maybe they didn’t mean it to be so, but it weighed down on him, like he had wronged it somehow and the quiet was asking questions and it
“T..Tony.” There was warmth at the back of his neck, warmth separate from the burn carving through the right side of his chest. Like someone was clasping his neck, bracing it – like Steve’s stolen touch did not matter, because Tony would always give everything freely away.
Trailing silence. Stark’s throat worked, tongue flicking out to dab at dry, cracked lips compulsively. “I didn’t set this up. And you believe me.”
that he’d received in response to letting the shield go- he’d never faced this. This outright….censure. It…he didn’t know if it was right. Justified. It probably wasn’t. But it certainly was…something. Different.
“Yes. But the ramblings of a trauma survivor matter little against video evidence, prior record and the assumptions of the horde.” T’Challa barely moved as he spoke, clearly a man not given to gestures or fidgeting. “I am to understand that there was some new physical evidence brought to light.”
The cup is three fourths done by the time he reaches the workshop. Which is fortunate, because when the lights come up and his machines sing him a good morning, DUM-E comes flailing by to add to the greeting and Tony inhales the remaining coffee up his nose. Mostly because that mechanical arm is waving wildly in the air, and on the strut he can just glimpse-
He took the pepper can, fingers wrapping around it tightly, voice almost too quiet to be heard. “You spoil me, Fry.”
“You bet your ass it is.” Rhodey grinned, speckled skin of his jaw creasing into thousands of tiny lines. “Damn, you should’ve seen the project before I came on. The previous guy put the engines in line with the centre of mass, to avoid asymmetrical torque, which worked well enough until one of the engines went boom at high latitude–”
Steve shook the thought aside, with an errant jerk of the head. Dropped his eyes to the description.
His fingernails curled inwards, driving into the articulated grooves like hooks. Strengthening his grip. If not, he might actually have fallen.
, he thought, giddily, and the snort from Bucky not a second later set his mirth free- again……..god. God. He’d never felt so grateful in his life.
It was his own voice in his head this time, and Steve would have given in to the urge to laugh hysterically- had said laugh not died a quick, miserable death in his throat at the sight of the same man plastered across his screen.
“No.” Peter huffed out, his face not even visible from where he’d buried it into his negative hundred count cotton bedspreads. The proceeding words were a little quieter, “I made it when I skipped playing tug-of-war with the other kids.”
Tony says nothing. It hurts, the pulling together and healing of old wounds, all in a day. But Steph has been working at it for ages, hasn’t she. Patience and diligence, stitching each broken bit of skin and sinew, laying balm with cool hands. She’s stroking his face now, the climb of his cheekbone and the bridge of his nose, and he presses into it and places a kiss into her palm, because he can’t say anything.
“Well.” Tony stepped back, hands to the sides, voice coldly, bitterly triumphant. “Seems like you wouldn’t have done much of anything differently after all.”
Of course, all of the above were hard won victories because more often than not, John Oliver the Second delighted in narrating their horrific deaths in that smarmy voice: from the usual options like becoming literal toast, ranging to the more obscure, like getting quashed by a bowling ball for being an uppity piece of bread. And of course, that time they had an existential crisis so severe that they ate themselves, thereby breaking physics and creating a singularity and ending the universe as they knew it.
But more than that, he’d wish to be down-on-his-luck because that’s how his heroes always began. They struggled and strived, against evil and the system. No one found wealth very challenging. The rich were never particularly heroic.
” And birds were twittering off from nearby branches because Steve was yelling, because the quiet had finally driven him mad and he just
A tic in the jaw, like a glitch had occurred in the Stoic Face ™ that Steve was currently exhibiting. “Not like – you just…reminded me of someone, that’s all.”
Steve didn’t need to watch the recording any further, to know what was to come. It took a surprisingly long time though, silence dragging on and on as Tony raised his eyes from the screen to meet Steve’s, visibly struggling to keep control. The scene splintered.
He usually tried not to fly in the rain – friction wasn’t a concern like with cars on the road and the suit was waterproof, but he called it a preference and left it at that. If past, not-quite-related experiences moulded his preferences, it was none of his concern. Half the joy of flying was in the view anyhow and the rain smeared that; fog oftentimes thickening the wet air several miles above ground, shutting out the sun and stars. The wind that playfully batted against his shoulders while he sliced through the atmosphere turned demonic, gale-like force strong enough to sometimes twist him awry from his course. The world grew greyer, darker – everything running in on itself to turn into a sopping, indistinguishable mass of water and nothingness.
Except that’s unimportant, because Steph’s eyes fleet back to rest on him and they crinkle at the edges, bright and clear. “Like Natasha.”
DUM-E chirped, then raised his arm higher again- a blanket slid off from where it had been clumsily slopped over a jutting protrusion. Grey and woollen- he thought he’d lost that particular one, lost somewhere in the junk populating the workshop floor, tossed off during a night sweat. The flicker of Tony’s lips was almost a real smile, this time. He bent down to pick it off the floor, material thick and scratchy against his palms. “Yeah, I was thinking bed too. Heading up right now.”
Steve closes his own eyes, brushes his mouth over the corner of Tony’s, where the wrinkles begin – the place missing just a few extra lines.
“So I’m stuck there asking the obvious, which is, ‘why do you think you should marry her?’” And he’s trying to hold on to the lighthearted tone, he was, but it’s hard to not let sincerity sneak in when you’ve got Peter Parker watching you deliver a toast in his honour, luminescent in his happiness. When you’ve got a crowd of people you love and respect hanging on your every word – and Steve Rogers at the back of said crowd, glass untouched in his hand; gaze undimmed by time, as steady and unwavering as it was twenty years ago. “And Peter answers back, the most assured I’ve ever seen him, ‘Because I want to’.”
He was…he was almost surprised, at how easy it had been to forget, about the existence of those things. But Steve hadn’t been fighting with a clear head. His mind had been flooded by a deluge of panic and fear and guilt and
.” Mock frustrated as the tone was, Peter was still grinning. Tony could feel his heart swell a million sizes.
“Look, you think you know what’s best for everyone. I get it.” Tony stopped short, something twisting abruptly in his chest. That was…those words weren’t anything like Rhodey. They were, because they were blunt and Rhodey was never afraid to get in his face about his issues…but they were also sharp. Sharp like the lines drawn tight on Rhodey’s face, the sharper, uneven breathing pattern, the shoulders coiled forcefully straight that betrayed a hell of a lot more than if they had been hunched over in pain.
and Sam’s traitorous eyes flitted back to the hulking figure of steely grey that almost blended in with the black night sky. It was like he was the only human there- anxiously shifting from foot to foot while three figures stood statue-still beside and across, weight bearing down upon the air, refusing to move ahead. He’d thought…he’d thought it would be Vision there instead, but he was staring into the emotionless mask of War Machine, and remembering a whoosh of burning heat as he curled into a smaller target in the sky and the beam hit…
Yeah, Ross was definitely looking amused now. What the hell was he playing at? “SHIELD will continue to function as it has been functioning all this while. You’ll just be the rubber stamp. Pretend some authority, liaise at times, smile nice for the world and make sure everything goes by UN regulations. You’re still technically a private individual Tony; this changes that. Gives you a formal place in the hierarchy, allows you a better position with which to negotiate with the other nations and their leaders as you’ve been doing for the past weeks. And with recent events, you’d be surprised with the upswing of public opinion of you and SI in general…”
“A, a little bit.” His right hand was still clawed into the icy ground, where the shield had fallen away. His face was numb. “You won’t be able to spot me, though. Not even with the hot rod red. The lights are dead.”
“I’m trying!” Peter yelled back, twisting his head around; then erupting into a coughing fit from the little clouds of dust that exercise elicited.
The mattress dipped behind him; Steve had moved closer. His voice was calm, careful. “You think we waited too long?”
“Tony.” His tone wasn’t cheery – Tony wasn’t a miracle worker – but the irrepressible fondness in Steve’s voice, etching out Peggy’s image from picture-perfect memory, had remained. Strange. “You’re smarter than you give yourself credit for.”
Nothing but the regular hum-and-whirr of the workshop, and Don Henley’s vocals. Tony frowned, “M I forgetting something? Oh yeah, send a copy to
He could still hear T’Challa speaking though, over the blood pounding in his ears. “Of course, that is idealistic drivel that finds little ground in the real world. It didn’t help. Nothing helped. So the only thing I can say…is this.”
The all-too familiar word, in an almost entirely unfamiliar accent caught him off-guard, and he jerked up, eyes flying open and fixating on a black figure in the surrounding white, not five hundred metres away. The Panther stood, helm off and tucked into the crook of his shoulder, shoulders pulled back straight and tight. He looked regal against the background, but somehow Steve’s addled mind kept focusing on the unimportant things, and how ice and snow didn’t look so ugly anymore.
Tony and Pepper were dancing cheek-to-cheek. His eyes were closed, cloaking those dark irises peacefully; even as they swerved from one side to the next, feet barely shifting. The song was coming to a close.
The phrasing made it sound like a regular occurrence-it was anything but. One errant blip, one in-and-out op in St. Petersburg that barely took an hour. It was…surprising how well the system was working really, if one functioned on the assumption that they’d be called in everytime something had gone wrong. Which meant it mostly hadn’t.
that no one who’d heard ever really forgot. The sound of rain drops spattering against a tin roof, fast and quick, like the rhythm beat out by a marching band.
“Neither.” Tony had no evidence to substantiate the certainty in his voice, yet certain he was. He pulled in another, cleansing breath, and let his words twist into something ironic. “This is the work of the Reality gem.”
better. They couldn’t be entirely exclusive sets, not with the way Steve needled at his curiosity so deliciously, made his big brain sit up and take notice.
Tony didn’t say, irises dark and unreadable. His voice sounded…good, without the backdrop of swing music and a chattering crowd, deep and full-bodied, layers playing upon layers. It lilted up in amusement, and Steve resisted the urge to shiver, “You a stalker, by any chance?”
And Steve…moved, because he was tired of holding still, tired of being stuck in stagnation, tired of letting life fleet him by. He moved, and he could feel Tony’s startled breath under his lips-and he didn’t know if they were the softest lips he’d ever kissed because he wasn’t looking back, he was staying in the present. This present, this…
. “Why, you gonna look me up online? Hunt through my Facebook profile, epitome of the lazy modern-day stalker?”
Steve had been silent for quite a while. The sound of Velcro cracking free from its crackly grip permeated the air again; the pale skin of Steve’s wrist gleaming in the light of the cockpit. He was in his old SHIELD stealth suit-the one Sam had first glimpsed Captain America in, and they’d gone on the run from the government for the first time. Not an upgraded one, the very first suit. Stark made suits didn’t have Velcro.
“Please.” Reality flickered around them. The Gem glowed, nanites stirring under Steve’s palm, like the faintest tickle, a warm breath huffed over skin. They peeled out in layers, withdrawing from Tony’s ashy skin and flowing over Steve’s hand – welcoming streams that trailed static electricity till they encased him from wrist to fingertip.
Zemo; but anger was not the right response here. This was merely a copy- there were others out there, and if this, god forbid, got released to the
‘Heading off’ was probably not a thing people said in the forties. Did Steve learn modern turns of phrase online? Maybe from a blog titled ‘2010s slang’, with sad looking html and pictures that didn’t sit right in their divs.
The office itself hadn’t changed much, except for possibly being barer and stark-er than it was the last time he’d dropped in – and that was stark with a small
It’s a good feeling. This odd, until now mythical sensation of not being alone. He wants to make her feel the same, and he opens his mouth but Steph’s already gone off again, with, “I was thinking we could have milkshakes, the place is a couple of blocks away, and there are these artists in the local gallery we could have a look at, the things they’re doing with thrown away material is just
“5:43 am.” FRIDAY murmured, quietly. “It’s March the twelfth, two thousand and seventeen. You’re in the new Avengers facility. Good morning, boss.”
Two things swept over him immediately: the heat, and the noise. The air was muggy, weighed down by the Australian summer and the warm breaths of the Melburnian youth that had taken to the streets that night. If he shaded his brows with his hand and squinted, he could see a thousand people tracking their way through St. Kilda Road towards the gallery, easy.
His heart sped impossibly, the room seeming too tiny all of a sudden. Fuck, he really should have knocked out that kitchen wall when he had the time last spring. The jam jars continued to stand recriminatingly on the counter.
“But myself.” The stoic face morphed into one overcast by pain, a kind that Tony knew too intimately. But T’Challa’s lips were curving up, through it all- words final and undeniable. “Men of science you called us, Tony Stark- yet before that, we are men of the people. The people whose wellbeing we feel personally responsible for; the people whom we’ve sworn to protect. We do not have the luxury to feel hurt, as others do. Our hurt is but a tiny drop in an ocean of millions- but we, unlike most, have the power to make it matter. It is therefore on us…” And the Black Panther exhaled a little, irony and resignation coiled into one, “To make sure that we don’t.”
“I was.” Steve said, and there was something about that that wasn’t quite right. Spoken too lightly, frivolous and easy. Lacking the import that words like that deserved.
Beautiful people aren’t actually an irregularity in his world. They’re the norm, especially when they don’t come with dollar stamps on their foreheads. She pulls her hair back into a ponytail, wears impeccably tidy business skirts and is polite to a tee like eighty percent of the women he meets on a professional basis (he doesn’t sleep with them until after the deal is set, the contract’s over. He cares for the family business, for SI. If it would make their weapons any better, Starks would grind their marrow into gunpowder).
The sand was wet and coarse under his bare heels. There was no sun. There were stretches and stretches of brown sand as far as the eye could see, and then grey sea beyond. Clumps of trees Steve didn’t know the names of emerged here and there, interrupting the flat landscape.
The first book in general Clint had heard in its entirety was Crime and Punishment, in the original Russian. It was a bit of a jolt, the very first time-he was unused to foreign voices in his space, let alone his safehouse, and equally unused to KGB agents camped out in the sole armchair in said safehouse, for all that she was apparently a traitor to her kind. She’d moved the chair, set it in the corner of the room with the most light and murmured the lines out loud, the language spilling out of her lips not quite harsh, not quite lyrical. It was the first time he’d seen Natasha Romanov uncurl from within Natalia Alianovna Romanova-in the shape of words spelt out in an unfamiliar lilt, almost dutiful in its pronunciation- she said she wanted to keep her accent sharp.
“Understandable enough under the circumstances.” There was a notable pause, where a name or title should have been. Steve had noticed that King T’Challa seemed cautious to avoid addressing him- maybe because of the obvious absence of the shield, and they definitely weren’t casual enough to call each other by their first names. He didn’t know what the issue with a simple Mr. Rogers was, though.
“Boss?” FRIDAY spoke through his earpiece, and Tony jumped to attention; probably ruining the attempts of the woman trying to sneakily photograph him from behind that ficus.
Something pressed on his throat, cold and unyielding. A quiet crack, the sense of air receding sharply – and Tony’s vision greyed out.
“What a coincidence.” Steve tipped forward, pressing warm breath to Tony’s laugh lines. “Neither do I.”
Steve pressed his lips together, bloodless in the rain. His hair was plastered to his skull, darkened and ashy, water scoring rivulets down gaunt cheeks. Sparse stubble stood out on a tight jaw, murky over paper-white skin, as did sunken eye sockets. He didn’t respond.
in his breast, his heartbeat thundering along in his ears as accompaniment. But what they had was better – a snapshot of what their city was and could be again; limitless skies stretching over their heads and the symbol of their team, tall and gleaming and untouched.
“We’re not talking about this.” Tony sliced through his words without pause, or remorse. “You’re not going.”
Tony watched the man in the mirror, and told him what he already knew. He was currently crumpling up the evidence in his hand, shoving it down his pocket for the next time he’d need the reminder.
He turns and walks. It’s a short one – the lakehouse property isn’t really big. There’s grass everywhere, and dandelions, and no headstones.
It was probably a message from Clint, updating Steve on him and Wanda’s new location-slash-safehouse. Or Sam checking up on his health, refusing to remain content with reports of physical fitness alone, or Scott Lang sending him a meme because till date, the man appeared unable to hold an actual conversation with him but seemed petrified of letting their online correspondence subside just in case Steve pretended not to know the guy several weeks hereon. Steve had mostly been making do till now by responding with emojis (incredibly inane things that were perfectly adequate for a guy of comparatively fewer words like Steve).
Several more seconds passed in silence. When memory-Tony eventually mustered himself to start speaking again, coldness had seeped into his syllables. “So. Is this meant to be a ‘stay away from my best friend or else-“
Their laughter was too soft, too raspy to challenge the yawning silence of the Siberian wasteland. Yet they laughed- up and up at the sky, and Steve thought of the memory of Bucky’s hand too far for him to reach and slipping into the abyss, and felt no pain. It was like a man with a chronic illness had woken up one day to find his eyes unclouded, the fever gone, the thrice-damned pain banished as if it had never been there in the first place. It felt wonderful.
“I can recognise a Wakandan aircraft when I see one, how much of an imbecile do you think I am.” Stark dropped the words, icy ill-hewn things, fast and cold and uninhibited.
Parts of Steve could still feel the serum kicking away, fighting desperately in its last stretches –
but Steve’s brows furrowed inwards, lips grimacing slightly. “Feels weird to just strap it on my back and get on the subway with my shopping.”
the talking? Hey, and speaking of things that can kill you.” A humourless snort. “We didn’t have to blow up billions of public property. I didn’t have to fight against a woman I would have bled out dry to keep safe. Wanda didn’t have to fight the only person she’s formed a real connection with after Pietro. Scott didn’t have to put his life with his daughter on the line for his hero. Rhodes didn’t have to snap his spine.”
What Tony had was Steve, here at the end of it all, imperfect and unvarnished and glorious; and for all the scars that Tony’s beating heart had sustained over the years, in this particular moment – he couldn’t find it within himself to be afraid.
These…..remnants, swirling around his head. They didn’t feel like acceptance. They smelled faintly of regret, and Steve was starting to realise that maybe it was the difference between letting something go, and chucking that something against the wall to see it shatter before your eyes.
Of course, then the memory actually started and all confusions as to whose memory it was got cleared instantly.
Steve’s eyebrows were practically meeting at the centre now, a perfectly-formed tableau of confusion. “Is that what they’re calling transistors these days?”
“Tony, I don’t know what you’re trying to achieve here.” Ross’ expression was unchanging, a portrait of calm. “All of this hostility…maybe it helps you counter your fears of, I don’t know, selling out-”
The world was falling away, breaths slowing and heart drifting to a stop, and it felt nothing like the ice.
Copying like kindergarteners, and Tony was beaming like one, dark eyes dancing in mirth. There were creases around his eyes, and down the corners of his mouth, outlining those mischievously pursed lips, pink and curled. His teeth flashed white when he smiled, brows arching high as he contributed to the stream of whispered insults that was flowing continuously between the two couples now. It was a strange contrast; that erudite smoothness persistent in his naturalistic movements, the slant of his lips-and that carefree shine to his eyes.
I haven't written in some time, like compared to what I used to, and I actually don't know why, so expect a few more this week if I can find time. Its just been a bit hectic because I'm moving and the packing and everything, it's exhausting. So, I will be posting a few more this week, I have some good ideas, just wait.
"No, let me help you." He sat me down again after a got up to leave and started cleaning off the glass and beer.
I hate that kid, he was so mean! And to think he has the nerve to come asking for candy at our house, I suppose he didn't know and even though Dad and Pops may be over it, but they weren't the ones who got wet and I wanted revenge. You know, his is coming to our house, and there are pumpkins here for the 'Avengers Carving Contest' later. This could be fun. I opened the attic window and rolled the pumpkin until it was positioned just outside it. I waited and watched as the boy came to our porch. Great! 3.......2......wait, where's he going!? He can't have taken chocolate or been rejected or whatever that fast. I climbed over the carved pumpkin(Clint was going to cheat) to try and get a better look at who was there and maybe even what happened. That was when I saw Pops. What I didn't know was that, my leg had pushed the pumpkin the littlest bit but it was enough to send it rolling. Rolling but mostly falling, and by falling I mean falling straight on Pops' head.
PS. Thanks so much to all you readers, because I have officially reached 500 readers!!! I always though 100 was a max but now this!? Thanks so much you guys!!
After a surprisingly not that long flight, we reached Perth and Oh My God, it was gorgeous. The sea was like glass, well glass with waves, but still so beautiful. I carried Peter and all our stuff with Pietro and took them to an empty spot to set up. We got the lot including a beach umbrella, beach toys and all sorts of things. Then, Tony followed sporting a very, very short pair of hot rod red trunks. He sat down next to me in the sand.
"Could you turn the torch on?" I held out my phone so hopefully she could help me. Yes, she's doing it!
"Must I really change him back brother. Based on the many many stories, the team has seemed to take a liking to him!"
"Pete, I don't think this is a goo-" I was about to shut him down when he hits me with those six-year old puppy dog eyes.
Today's Friday and the Avengers are having a pretty chill day. Bruce is teaching Thor how to work a cell phone, Nat is watching a movie and has blasted the volume to try and drown out the moans of Clint and Pietro's make out sesh taking place next to her and Tony had been on business calls in his bedroom all morning.
"I love you too!" Shit, why did I say that? What if he was joking? Come on, of course he was joking. I mean why wo-
"Aww. Come here" said Papa sympathetically while holding out his hands and lifting me into the bed. I snuggle up under his massive head where I feel warm and safe. I love Papa, he's always so comfortable.
"Yeah." Finally, I sounded human! Now that my voice was back to normal, I finally got a chance to look at Steve. Ahh Steve, sexy, sexy Steve. Wait, no shut up, you're straight! Right? Eh.
"Hey guys." After a lot of 'hi's, I sit down next to Clint. Steve is wearing a blue tee this time and it feels or rather looks tighter than the last one. Not complaining though. But one thing I can't get my hand around is why Clint would put that on his shirts. Which is why I sat near him.
"They await in the dining room near the kitchen." That's where I thought they would be. I actually have an entire floor dedicated to dining but that's only for like really special occasions. I should turn it into a party floor or something.
Summary:-So Peter is about three here Tony is busy running Stark Industries so mostly Steve takes care of Peter who wants to start doing things himself. Let's see what happens
"Do you need help?" It was actually more of a statement than a question because I was going to help him either way.
"Why? What happened?" I didn't actually know the incident but them fighting was kinda common, not like this though.
I let out a grunt. I mean hungry that's no reason to cry especially at like 2am. I really need to talk to Peter, then I take Peter into his arms and carry him to the kitchen while Tony follows who is still clutching his head in pain. Still kinda funny.
"No. I am not letting you get away with this. Every time Tony, every single time!" I wasn't usually oe to get angry, I was generally rather calm and composed but that also meant that when I went off, I went off hard. My voice barely rose a few decibels by each word. I liked building up.
At that moment, a blonde girl came into the shop screaming "Monica!!" But the weird part was she was wearing a wedding dress. There was this big commotion and we were disturbed so I left a fifty and we walked out. I mean the audacity of people these days astonishes me, doesn't anyone know how to keep a low key?! We talked a lot and I legit begged him to take me back, it probably wasn't my strongest point but I really need him and Pete back.
"Awesome", I pretty much run to the elevator overcome with joy and hugged Peter with all my might and kissed him on the forehead as he stepped out. He accepted and hugged me back. This is the first i've seen him in like two weeks and it has been like a never ending hell.
"When was the last time we had dinner together. It's been a couple months and you've come down for dinner maybe five times! I take time and effort to cook so that you won't have to eat take-out and I feel like you deliberately wait till it gets cold!" He looked downwards, not out of shame but to process his thoughts. Soon, he looked guilty. He opened his mouth to say something,probably an apology, but I wasn't done and I wasn't going to be anytime soon. "Also when was the last you've slept with me?" His head shot up and I realised by badly chosen words. "I meant actual sleeping. Why is it that I always seem to be sleeping when you're working? Or do you just sleep in your lab to avoid me, do you hate hugs that much?!"
"You want?" He said holding out the lollipop and offering it to me. He was very kind and I was very hungry.
a house in a good neighbourhood for ultimate fun, emphasis on bought. Anyway, the entire team moved in there for a few days. Clint, Natasha, Bruce, Tony, Peter and I were gonna go trick or treating with an impromptu tag along by Thor while the rest of the Avengers stayed back.
Finally, my elevator really needs to move faster. I'll work on that later. Anyway, I quickly got out, as fast as I could. I needed to get away from Loki and get to Peter ASAP. Thor wishes everyone who all kind of ignore Loki. And I'm back to usual to not feeling any guilt or anything of the sort. And unsurprisingly, half an hour later, Thor is still in the middle of explaining to the others how Loki isn't evil with only Steve paying any attention while Loki is happily trotting around the others is circles juggling knives which I have no idea where they came from seeming perfectly content with his life. You know what, hell with this, I'm getting Pete out of here and he will never leave my sight!
"Yes you do Pete plus it'll be over before you know it" says a semi nude Steve wearing nothing but navy blue boxers with little white stars on them.
"I think I burned dinner though." He added. I smiled and he smiled back and soon we were hugging tightly.
"What can I say bud, things aren't exactly looking the best as of now." Steve replied with tears forming in his eyes. He was trying soo hard to hold them in and look strong for Peter but he too couldn't imagine life without Tony.
I lift the blanket of his head and jump back startled. That was NOT Peter, it was a random baby or was it? I couldn't quite place my finger on it but I sort of recognised him. But no, I'm still super freaked, I mean what is a random baby doing in my bed? Did Steve adopt another baby and not tell me?!
"Scan Complete. But it must be faulty I'll rerun the scan." Woah, this must be bad, the roof is never wrong.
"Don't finish them all, I wanna try one." Okay, but it's not like the only doughnut he'll ever have.
"Its called a secret for a reason Pete but I think you could try talking to Daddy and he might just listen." Topic changing works every time. Peter gets of my lap on the couch and walks to the kitchen where Tony had retreated to, probably for a cup of coffee so that he'd have more energy to scream at us, or rather me.
I pull his hat off and honestly I'm still shook which is weird cause I really should've seen this coming. So damn naive.
"Nope." He smiles that wicked smile of his and I don't feel so good anymore. My instinct is to protest but then I risk it not happening at all. Damn it.
So just in case you were the most oblivious person in the world, Tony loves donuts. Okay no, love is an understatement. I honestly feel like he spends most of his time wondering whether he'd pick me or donuts if he had to. So yeah, love wouldn't begin to scrape the surface of his feelings and emotions towards donuts and no perverts, I'm not talking about donut sex! And it's not one those cases like, 'yeah I'll eat one if I have the chance', no he will go out of his way to ensure he has a donut for breakfast, tea time, after lunch and dinner as dessert. His favorite is chocolate.
I got out of my shower and went down to the kitchen to make lunch. I figured that since Tony had a late breakfast, he wouldn't mind lunch a little late. I got out of the elevator and entered the kitchen an- what the hell!?! Shit. Just to brief it up for you, Tony was on fire, so were the curtains and half the fricking kitchen!!!
He was breathing heavily when the sparks littered to the floor again, a bright spot of heat stinging to life on his cheek bone. His elbow ached with the recoil; shoulder joints worn tight, sweat droplets crawling down his jaw like ants.
Natasha’s eyes went back to the linoleum floor she was so interested in scoping. It would probably save her life too, in some insane Natasha way, when that attack on the farmhouse finally came. “You should have stayed here.”
A touch of warmth – Steve’s hand had risen to curl around his left shoulder, broad palm holding him steady. Tony pressed back into the touch, eyes shutting briefly.
“Sure.” The acquiescence came easy, as did the reinforcement of the lie. Steve barely even flinched anymore.
He didn’t have much choice now. Satellites had detected the entry of a foreign object into the Earth’s atmosphere eight hours ago, and it took five of those goddamn hours before fuzzy pictures emerged – oblong, disk like structures hovering over a rice field in Vietnam. They disappeared twenty minutes later, but the damage was already done: a panicking government reluctant to deploy an airforce that still included craft from the Cold War era, unsurprisingly outweighing the terror of the Avengers swooping in and reducing everything to flame and rubble. Hell, at least the Avengers were still human. Sort of.
At the corner of his vision, he could see Rhodey’s shoulders fall. Just a little, air leaving his chest as though punctured out.
He knew the sound of this record- it was set to an orchestra of a deep, grieving, aching sense of loss. It had played in his head ever since he woke from the ice; yet this, this current one plaguing his mind, was somehow utterly different- punctuated by something thick and twisting, stabbing at his heart at odd intervals, gnawing at his feet in restlessness. This was the difference between having something precious snatched from you, and letting something go from your own hands. Except……letting go was supposed to be accompanied by something like peace, wasn’t it? Resigned sacrifice, but acceptance.
One second. He had one second to fire, one second before the missiles re-armed and identified himself as a man attached to a flamethrower. But the Iron Man didn’t seem to care about that, flaps still open but head half turned away, palm pointed in the opposite direction. Glow dimming, repulsor whine powering down as if it had just taken the intermediate seconds to fire at… at something else.
Fuck, he could practically feel the humiliation steaming off the kid. Why did he always screw this up?
Steve didn’t scoff. Didn’t grit his teeth, didn’t sharply retort that Tony understood nothing, because Tony definitely understood absolutely nothing – but Tony didn’t stop talking, croaky and jarring in the wake of Steve’s quiet remembrances. “Forgetting is…indiscriminate. It doesn’t pick or choose. Just takes.”
Steve smiled. His weight shifted forwards, bobbing on the balls of his feet, eyes watching the light that had just turned yellow. Any second now.
So yeah. He takes his time to get on board with things; maybe it’s the obstinate contrarian in him, maybe it’s the paranoid bastard. Almost all the sore spots in his memory stem from absent wishes: to have been faster off the ground, better.
“-eventy seven degrees outside, with no rain expected. I have taken the liberty to cancel your ten o’clock, as it is now ten-thirty, and your 12 o’clock as it was with Amazon.”
She was probably his age. Hair shaved right up the back, even higher than he had in the army-but with a shock of green right across the middle, sweeping over her forehead and into her heavily-lined eyes. What looked like two fluffy pink cotton balls hung suspended from her ear lobes, large enough to brush past her very bare clavicles. Her belly was bare too, as were her shoulders, just a strip of black cloth knotted at the centre obscuring her chest. Her arms were muscled, swarming with green-and-black swirls of tattoos. Knobby knees poked through a large rip in each of her jean legs, black and fitted in their turn, over combat boots.
Steve was under no delusions that this solved anything. There was no way that things would proceed as perfectly as they’d discussed in one, brief conversation- the team was still scattered, there was the matter of whether they’d even consent to such an agreement (though Steve couldn’t think of a single reason why any of them wouldn’t leap at the faintest chance to heal the divide). The Council would definitely cause trouble; Steve’s own stubbornness would cause a million more arguments. As long as there were screaming matches rather than fistfights.
It was like feeling his atoms implode, the burn beginning from the tips of his fingers and scoring past muscle, sinew, nerve – the blood in his veins on fire, working up his arm and charring everything in its path. His eyes rolled to the back of his head, ground rushing up to hit his spine–
She sets down what looks like a first aid kit next to his elbow with a muted thump. Rustling sounds let him know that she’s settled into a stool opposite him; he’s looking over her shoulder, at some blurred middle distance. The sting of antiseptic on his clavicle is smoothed away by her cool touch.
- fuck, that hurt. Not his jaw; Tony brought two fingers and a thumb up to press against the blindingly severe points of pain just above his eyebrows. Two white spots right there and radiating an intense, hollow sort of ache all around- applied pressure wasn’t helping, neither was knuckling against it. Maybe if…Tony smacked the side of his fist against his forehead and the world catapulted around him-
s, watching two potted geraniums on fire and a dumb blonde crouching by a toppled table, buns of glory outlined perfectly.
Self-conscious, pleased, seeking approval…there were many ways to describe that smile. Tony couldn’t think of any, because his mind had exploded into a tumultuous whirlwind of specs- tall-ceilinged bedrooms with skylights you could crawl through, a gymnasium built to withstand the workout of someone with the proportionate strength of a spider, a mechanics lab the likes of-no, the kid liked chemistry, he could call in some experts to consult on what people in
“That’s enough.” The words escaped before Tony could give them permission; but he probably wouldn’t have decided otherwise. His chest was feeling abnormally constricted again. He probably didn’t sound very convincing, words falling over themselves and not nearly firm enough, but he needed this conversation over
. Is Rita the anthropomorphised form of Nature in her sexy youth? Is Rita devastatingly jealous of her twin brother Peeta? Green represents prosperity too-is Rita a rich brat and the number of inches in her skirt denote how many buffaloes she owns? Maybe Rita just likes green. Did anyone ever think of that?”
The shelter wasn’t very big. The suit wouldn’t let him…feel things. Like the dank warmth wafting off a posthuman body, even with three inches between their shoulders. The suit was designed that way – a single degree of separation between him and the world. Sometimes, that was essential to survival. He had never been more grateful.
Steve did close his eyes then, high trains and frozen bunkers, dropped shields and whining repulsors, all muddled up in his head. The voice in his head had gibbered itself to silence. One beat. Two.
The tide crashed again. Steve could hear his words whipped around by the winds, quiet and hollow. “Was that…after my time?”
“World hangs in the balance.” Clint felt the words weigh on his tongue, pulled from archives of old memory that would never grow dusty. “And you bargain for the life of one man.”
The thought had barely passed his mind before Tony’s jaw inadvertently began to crack open in a yawn- hell, this was going to be a bad one. Cold air rushed in against a dried, tacky tongue as his jawbones seemed to drop inhumanly wide-
Water streamed down those shoulders, more bent than broad, now; the downpour hitting the leather in a relentless beatdown. Steve didn’t raise his head.
Yes. Yes, yes. That made sense. Family didn’t leave each other behind, after all. Except when they get murdered. Except then.
Of course, Rhodey wouldn’t let it rest. Why couldn’t he? Wasn’t he supposed to be the sensible one? They weren’t the ones responsible for his legs. Tony was. And Tony was the only one personally wron-…
A real, non-imaginary sigh heaved its way into Steve’s hearing, fracturing the little fugue of memory he’d gotten lost in. “Fine. Tell me about the gallery.”
but it was what had happened and Steve could deal with that right now. He….memory-Steve was raining blows down on Iron Man’s armour, metal screeching against the wall. A deafening series of
A blonde and a redhead, a dark-skinned man with another blonde…and there was the goateed man again-Tony, or whoever. He’d forsaken his fedora, a spiky, dark tangle of hair emerging in the bargain. His shirt was darkened with sweat, wrinkled at the back, long sleeves folded back untidily to the elbows. His sinewy arms were wrapped around a redhead-decked in a simplistic powder blue tea dress, buttons running up the front. And Steve might have stopped there, moved his eyes away for the final time…except at that choice moment, the redhead raised a prim hand and smacked the man upside the head.
Steve didn’t look brassed off by it, which felt like a damn revelation. There was fondness in the blues of his eyes, like every time someone from the team repeated the well-worn ‘Language!’ joke – line of sight slightly askew like it was lingering on the crinkles around Tony’s eyes. “Not sure if you’re aware, but there’s this modern saying that goes… people leave their managers, not their jobs.”
“Besides, I had a job.” She said the words like she said so much else, point blank and matter-of-fact – because that was who she was. Not the masks, or the deception, or even the fights. She was duty, and a commitment to it unflinchingly made. “And a debt to repay.”
“You could tie it into a ponytail and whip it across your enemies’ faces.” Tony proposed hopefully. “We could call it the Widow’s Sting.”
Tony thought about the sunrise he’d watched today, and the work he’d finished, and the work he’d successfully put away. He thought about how there were no grease marks on his chin, no table marks on his cheek. He darted a glance back at the kitchen counter, where there was an omelette on a pan- strangely shaped but perfectly edible. He looked back at Pepper, and thought how he wasn’t happy, wasn’t content, was lonely down to his very bones.
“–and isn’t that why you’re here in the first place? Or was it some other guy in a tin can who ‘retired’ a year ago?”
“In the light of the Accords being ratified,” And hell was Tony done to death with bureaucratic and legalese speak over the past few months, “we’re thinking this is the perfect time to re-legitimise it again.”
It was a square platform, about fifteen square feet, with wooden flooring that shone under glossy spotlights. There were four poles erected at each corner, with what looked like fibre rope running along the sides, from end to end, winding around the poles; like a boxing ring. People thronged around the edges, some hoisting kids to their shoulders for a better look. But all that wasn’t the surreal part.
“I was putting Nathaniel to bed.” Natasha answered evenly, then turned around to pace inside, newly shorn hair bobbing around her sharp jawline. Or maybe she’d cut it months ago. He’d have no way of knowing.
His eyes flew open, awareness flaring to life just as quick at the back of his head. His eyes burned- the insides of his eyelids seeming raw and scratchy, but he was far less bleary than he had been last night. Still no idea of what had woken him though.
Steve didn’t blink. “You don’t look like a Tom.” He’d already guzzled the liquid the man had poured into his mouth in his earlier, mindless state. Not his best moment. Sure, it tasted like water, albeit slightly stale and tacky, but that didn’t prove anything. He didn’t intend on making any further mistakes.
“You’re welcome Tones.” Rhodey returned, just as simply. And for a second there, the room was peaceful.
Steve, watching, hoping, praying- still felt his stomach twist with unease. He’d known this was coming, anticipated it five recordings in, from the time this had started so many months ago. Still- strangely,
“Yeah, maybe I shouldn’t have dragged you to Germany. Maybe that was-“ A hiss of air released between closed teeth, he’d promised that he’d
“You giving up on the fight, Rogers?” Natasha stretched her hands above her head, jet black leather-and-Kevlar creaking with the motion; rolled the joints in her neck, hair clinging to sweaty skin. “Misery of existence getting you down?”
The door flew open, like it always did, narrowly missing Tony’s nose and cracking against the sidewall, taking some more plaster down with it. There Peter was, half-standing, half-crouched, vigorously rubbing the ankle that had presumably gotten twisted during the mishap on the way to the door. His black fringe flopped over his eyebrows as he squinted dubiously- “Mr Stark?”
“No.” Steve said, and it felt…..not good exactly, but like a release of pain, to finally let the words and voices free. “But that doesn’t change the fact that it was the biggest fucking lie I’ve ever put to paper. Because- what I should have written- what I’ve come to see-“ Two breaths, quick and rushed, in and out. “-is that I might need you. To question me every time I’ve got an idea in my head that I won’t let go of, to be the wall in my path when I’m pushing forward too hard, to pull me down to the ground every time I climb on a ruined pedestal. Because-“ And he thought of his friends again, Sam and Clint and Natasha and everyone else, people who’d questioned his beliefs but ultimately followed or relented, because he was Captain fucking America. “Because no one else has refused to move.”
He wasn’t smiling. But something about him- maybe the lack of pain in his eyes, Tony had spent so long being angry that he’d never given more than a second’s notice to the pain in those eyes- something. Seemed to be at peace.
In twenty-twelve, Steve changed the course of history merely by showing up; all deep sea vessels, search parties in the Arctic called home. Captain America was alive and well.
And before you know it, she’s gone before she ever was there, leaving a mild ache in his shoulder and a deep, fatal gouge somewhere where his heart is supposed to be.
Cold all the way through the marrow, even as he pinned that agitated blue gaze. “Then why are you telling me this?”
Natasha had the gall to actually roll her eyes at him. And after she’d told him off on five separate occasions for it too, once memorably in front of a supervillain.
st – stop!” Tony managed to wheeze out between soundless fits of the giggles. The merciless assault halted for a second, and Tony gasped for precious oxygen. “You…are…older…than fucking Dumbledore. Would you…act like it, for once?”
“My interfacing for this baby isn’t quite ready yet.” Okay, it wasn’t a tower, but what the fuck possessed him not to install an elevator to take him up to the main facility level? Security shmecurity, lack of time. Goddamn
But it was like Rhodey could hear his inner monologue, and plough through the bullshit and the vague pronouns even in there. “It’s him. Always. What the hell is it about Captain America that makes you so incapable of giving up on him?”
“See, the Secretary of State needs to be skilled at diplomacy, and I didn’t believe you at all there-they might wanna review that promotion…”
“Getting humiliated in front of kids? Less so ever since I left high school, if you’d believe it or not.”
, alright? And besides, it isn’t even happening.” The phone stopped buzzing. He folded his arms across his chest. “So there.”
“Course I do.” Tony’s in turn getting deceptively stronger, even though he wouldn’t stop looking at the blank screen. “Manchurian Candidate, remember?”
There were rustling sounds beside him, as Tom pushed himself to his feet too, palms smacking against each other to brush the sand away. He was still smiling. “Well, you haven’t attempted an escape plan yet. You listened to everything I had to say, and answered me honestly. Maybe even more so than anyone else you’ve talked to, of late.” He sounded certain. Steve used to know what that certainty felt like, once upon a time.
The happiness was still surging, strong and sure; so much that it barely registered a blip when barely forty eight hours after they’d crawled out of Siberia alive, Bucky told him that he wanted to be put back in ice.
“I like poetry.” Stephanie says, and Tony mimes falling over in shock to the great entertainment of-absolutely no one, not even a single laugh, ugh, the Avengers were
Tony looked on at the Wakandan royal’s stony face, and reflected that perhaps that last sentence hadn’t been the best of ideas.
He opened his mouth to- he didn’t know what really, but a half-spoken word from somewhere else sparked his attention. Maybe if the conversation topic had been different, he wouldn’t have caught it; but under the circumstances, the almost inaudible drone from the screen atop the bar pricked his eardrums unerringly-
There was an almost untenable pause at the end of that, like Sam knew what he wanted to say and didn’t know whether to say it. “Tony knows about the farm.”
that surged within a little difficult to contain. “And that’s a detail that we long-in-the-tooth, stodgy adults – with all of our realism and all of our practicality – forget so easily. To put it in sporting terms: it isn’t about the player of the match.” And it was the most involuntary thing in the world, to raise his eyes again and meet Steve’s steadfast eyes, that littlest curve of his lips from across the hall. “The love of your life, the most incredible person you’ve ever known. It’s about the team.”
they all seemed in service of, in practice for this time, this second: staring at one another, locked in perfect understanding.
He cleared his throat; a minuscule sound that didn’t leave the confines of the suit. Neither did the trembling. It would take time, to work his way back to honesty.
“Alright. So hypothesise with me, here-” And had Stark even been trying, at all? Staying inside the shell-or had it suffocated him so much within the past months that he’d gladly toss it aside, let it crumble at the slightest pressure. Or maybe Sam was being facetious and this pressure wasn’t anything remotely resembling slight.
Tony wanted something realistic, something feasible- and Steve didn’t care how presumptive that sounded, because it was true. A man like Tony Stark knew little the difference between dreams and reality- he straddled the line between the two so effortlessly, using that damnable brain to flit back and forth like he existed on a wholly separate dimension altogether. He didn’t operate on theories and idealisation- he put things into practice. Because what use was a belief, no matter how dearly held, if you did nothing about it?
Steve’s lips flickered soundlessly. His eyes were distant, fixed somewhere on the ditch beyond the shelter. Then, barely a rasp: “Are you going to listen?”
Steve cleared his throat. “Sure.” Easy enough after that, to move to the centrepiece of the room-a five-foot-tall statue carved of gilt bronze, gleaming rusty gold under the cool yellow spotlights. Steve peered at the placard. “Avalo…valoki…Avalokiteshvara. Patron bodhi..sattva of Tibet.”
(not nearly as simple as it sounded. But it also was, just as the only thing stronger in this moment than his need to argue, was his need not to.)
“I like being good at things.” Steve pushed out, almost like it was a confession, gaze getting just a little cloudy. But two blinks later, it cleared out just fine, and an almost rueful smile rose to prominence on those damnable lips. “Wasn’t too accustomed to that, before the serum. Tried and tried, but didn’t get anywhere. After…it didn’t seem right. To have all of those abilities, and still not do and be…good, the very best, at whatever I did.”
The man behind the weapon, Tony thought- the man behind the cybernetic arm: James Buchanan Barnes, 107
Oh. Oh shit. “Neutrino, DeForest Kelley, Capsicle. There, similarity gone.” And then, because no one could blame him for never trying, regardless of how shitty
Another shift, sheets rustling quietly; Steve had moved up to sit behind him now. “Is that what you feel? Or what you think you should?”
Which was where they were now, maybe – there were mats under their feet and the training equipment around them looked halfway familiar; somewhere in between what had been in the SHIELD barracks and the Avengers facility gym. On the wall behind, off to the corner of his vision: the edge of a logo set into the plaster gleamed metallic under the afternoon light.
“Seemed to work for you just fine.” Peter returned automatically, his eyes widening at his own audacity a split second later. “I mean-”
Steve couldn’t do this. He turned, almost unseating a kid perched on her father’s shoulders with his own broad ones. A swift apology, and he began to try and sidle his way out of the crowd-vision shorting out, breaths falling hard. The going was difficult, what with the entire throng seeming to press forward, and he couldn’t risk knocking someone to the concrete and fracturing bones with an errant push. Maybe sideways would be easier?
The last thing he remembered was the whitened knuckles of her hands, as she was finally easing the book shut.
But the truth remains…for all of his noxious words of stars, all of his dramatics-Tony Stark is the same like all of them. Sure, maybe he thinks a little faster, dreams a little bigger. But at the core, he’s the same brand of poor little rich guy that dot the shadowed corners of every charity gala, every award function. You could look at the glittering dresses, the plaster of Paris smiles, the hollowed eyes and loathe every person around you-while they peer through your fake swagger and do the same. Tony is selfish like all the rest, hedonistic like all the rest, can’t bear affronts to his ego and simultaneously despises himself like all the rest. Sure, maybe it comes in a ‘genius billionaire playboy philanthropist’ package…but his mettle is common iron. A drop of sea water, a dash of air, and he’d rust right through.
He respected it, though. The idea of faith, and belief. Sometimes, humans were far more capable of putting their trust in someone, something else, than themselves. He’d seen it often enough. Patriotism-faith in the country. Faith in the people that fought at your back, your unit. And yes, faith in a higher power. He’d be remiss not to recognise the power it wielded, to bring one back from the edge of crevasses they’d been pushed to by life and its miseries. When people spoke about the strength they derived from their unshaken belief in a benevolent power that looked over their heads while they slept…he listened. On those days, God felt like the sum of humanity, and its purest parts.
And the silence stuck, thick as the humidity that stifled the air, interrupted only by the torrents that battered the earth. Moments passed by, heavy and oppressive, strung tighter and tighter as they stretched longer and longer. Maybe this was the end. Not a bang, or even a whimper. Just a throttling silence, too vast to ever be bridged. The resentment of words left unspoken sliced deep, but this was a curious kind of pain all on its own – or perhaps the feeling that followed pain. Drained, hollow listlessness. Two people who had nothing left to say to each othe–
to whirl around and educate him on the very grave insult he’s offering all robots by comparing them to these piles of trash. When he turns again, Rogers is but a presence in the wind, having ran ahead to dispatch of some more evil bones.
Some of the articles were nice to read. Diverting. He was mindlessly skimming through something about kale and smoothies and effects on carcinogens (he’d have to remember to Google that word later), when an errant click opened at least six tabs- bloody hell, stupid
The server opened his mouth, and shut it again. Hitched his tray of Captain America themed canapes a little higher, like readying himself to fling it into Tony’s face at the slightest hint of danger. “Uh. This is an anniversary party?”
“I…of course.” Memory Steve fidgeted with the strap of his cowl, then the strap of his shield. Smiled wide for a brief second before remembering not to, then cleared his throat. “We should…we should take Zemo in, probably call in the authorities after we leave to collect the bodies of the Soldiers-”
“You’d never guess it by the name.” Sam voiced pleasantly, a reminder that Steve was still on a call.
Outside the lakehouse, Laura is bundling the kids into a van. Clint steps down from the porch, murmurs something to her, then jogs over to where Steve is watching, arms folded.
He shook with it, the startlement. He blinked his eyes. Peggy smiled at him from across the diner booth, chestnut-hair shining in the light and victory suit as perfectly pressed as when he’d first met her. “You were gone there, for a while.”
He had the time now, so he took it. Several selfish seconds, of staring at the brown eyes so inescapably close to his, the ones that had spat contempt at him and offered a home to him and widened in betrayal at his actions. Steve memorised it all, like a painting he’d never be able to put to page – the blood-crusted mess of Tony’s hair, the silver in his eyebrows, the gaunt hollows of his cheeks, the resolute tilt of his chin. The brightness of him, the tenacity, the inability to walk away – like red still lingering in the sky long after the sun had gone down.
Steve’s eyes squeezed shut, but those fingers remained, a red-hot image burnt into the back of his eyelids. He knew, he didn’t know how since he didn’t clearly remember them from his own memory, but he knew that this tiny detail had not been altered. That Tony Stark had flinched back and looked away and covered his vulnerable head with his fragile hands in a vain attempt to protect himself from the final blow. A blow he’d involuntarily, reflexively believed would come, and be fatal when it did.
“Fuck.” Tony whispered, and slid weakly on to the chair- except he didn’t stop there, and slid down the seat to hit the floor, tailbone hitting the cement. He twisted his head to throw a glance over and above his shoulder, no doubt to where the BARF was still powered up. Frustrated, as if wondering if he had enough strength to make another go at this latest iteration that had resulted in his workshop being reduced to a destroyed dumpster.
“Is that…” No matter how many times he cleared his throat, the rawness wouldn’t subside. An open wound, every word flecked with the pain of it, “Is that why you…”
“I can’t, anymore. Trust.” Was it an assertion? A confession? All Steve knew was that it was hollow-a flat assembly of syllables and words thrown to the wilderness. He was vaguely aware of getting up to his feet, knees unstable, sides twanging in pain.
“Because I’d rather not explain to my wife that I was over an hour late to my ten-year anniversary party looking for my lucky Black Widow cufflinks.” Peter was emitting at the rate of approximately five words per second – impressive really. Moments like these, Tony kinda got why they called Peter his spiritual heir. Also – holy shit that was MJ stalking through the crowd towards them, resplendent in red and calmly murderous.
He kept hearing footsteps though. Echoing in the distance, against the cold concrete floor where his forehead rested.
“Seems like forgetting pens is a universal phenomenon even baddies aren’t exempt from.” Stark’s mouth was working on autopilot, his gaze was caught by the same tiny inscription on the smooth metallic surface. “Speaking of baddies. Did you know they commissioned their own stationery?”
“Do you think it should die?” Simple and direct. Tony didn’t speak, and Steve didn’t wait for an answer, lips flickering into something real. “Then it matters.”
For all of the different versions though- there was never one in which Tony Stark didn’t come to Siberia. Didn’t go behind the back of the very authorities he was trying to support, because he’d made a mistake and needed to fly to the aid of a friend. Apparently, that version was too unrealistic (
Just a tall, stately oak towards the side – foliage in full summer splendour. There’s already a circle of dropped acorns around the base, ready to sprout into a hundred, newer lives.
Tony pulled his eyes away from the wall, shifting in place and feeling the crumpled paper in his pocket prickle at his skin. Past the window, the sun was finally setting.
Ah, a girl after Tony’s own heart. And in more ways than one – Bruce’s wan, haunted face loomed in his memory, Harlem and Johannesburg and all the ugliness that came before and after.
Easiest thing in the world, to fall back to that familiar, old argument – except. Except that this time, Tony didn’t want to. Not because he believed any different; but because Steve did, and at some point in the interminable past, Tony had woken up in the morning at peace with that.
“As Walt Whitman would say – I contain multitudes.” The curve of Tony’s lips grew more pronounced, delicately balanced between a smirk and a smile. “I’d quote more,
“I hated it.” Steve said, eyes somewhere far into the distance. “The idea, the very concept. The thought that goodness had to be something that you forced yourself into. That it wasn’t innate, that it didn’t come naturally. But now...”
“You’re not a team player.” Rhodey said, and Tony’s chest pulled in painfully one more time. “You know that?”
It was real, in another, deliberately forgotten lifetime. Five years, and they weren’t even the worst of it.
It had never hit him, before this moment – staring into a glowing, blue emptiness, and finding it staring back.
“Hm, you’re right.” Tony tapped a finger on his bristled chin-had Steve always found beards attractive? Was this a recent development? It sounded probable, except now Steve found it hard to imagine a state of mind where he didn’t find stupid ass, sculpted, louche like facial hair one of the most irresistible things in the world. “I teach the classes at Coburg on Thursdays.”
“Our home is beautiful. Eight hundred and fifty two known languages in the nation, twelve of whom have no native speakers.” Tom’s face looked wan in this light, lighter splotches and blemishes on dark skin, itself broken up into a thousand lines. “But we have a messy history. The northern half of Papua New Guinea was ruled by the Germans since 1884. The southern half, by the British. When the Great War broke out, all of that was transferred to the Australians.”
“Wait.” Steve said, somehow pre-empting Tony’s overpouring of emotion at this piece of art that had just been demonstrated, and jabbed at the screen once. Words began spelling out at the bottom, accompanied by a vocal rendering.
“Intentions don’t matter.” The words snapped, and Clint jerked back on instinct. Nat’s frame was as still as ever, nothing in her posture to indicate a change; but her words were falling swiftly. “Tony didn’t intend to hunt down his teammates but that’s what we ended up doing anyway. He and Bruce created a homicidal A.I. that led to the disaster which brought us to this path, regardless of their intentions. And Wanda messed with his head in the first place.”
, the one thing he’d wanted for so long, almost desperately; the one thing he’d known to be right- seeing it happening introduced a strange hollowness in the pit of his stomach. There was relief somewhere,
Tony opened his mouth, something about how he came prepared while Steve came dressed for Whole Foods, but Steve beat him to it. “Unless you’re reconsidering the whole business.”
your type.” Peter looked straight back at him, sincere and honest and true, not denying a single word, and Tony tried to not let his throat clog. “So I make things for you. Armour, better shooters. Hell, a sexier mask. I keep you
“…not quite.” Tony threw back, with a lightness of tone so forced that it even disappointed him. Hell, he needed sleep.
It wasn’t the only difference. The Black Widow altered her appearance to suit her guise, hair and all, but Natasha Romanov had begun growing her hair out in the interim, longer and longer each time before shearing it all away. Last, Tony had seen it reach Natasha’s waist, damp from the shower as she combed out the tangles and sunned it in the Mansion gardens, something contented about the curve of her face.
There was a wall hanging right at the back, with spidery writing running from top to bottom of the painting styled like a scroll. A flock of birds at the centre, darting and frolicking amidst a bed of foamy clouds. Feathered bodies and beaked heads etched in greying ink on the scroll of parchment-like paper. Splotches of playful darkness abounded amid the beigeness of the wall, the tan floors, the creamy whiteness of the paper-the strokes of the pen (not brush) trailing feather light over spots and darkening to gashes at places. Steve had never seen this kind of art before.
