“Hawkeye is taking care of him.” Steve had followed Yaël’s gaze as soon as they stood still. Hawkeye… That name rang a bell… somewhere… maybe…
Thinking back of it, when he tried mentioning it to Tony last time during dinner, all the man had told him was not to get himself into that mess. Now, Peter could listen and stay away, or he could actually try and figure out what is happening here, no?
“Oh, and remember that one time when-“ Harry continues their banter, and Peter goes with it. They’ve been going back and forth, talking about their past and the fun memories they have from it. Peter happily indulges him, because this feels good. After all, how long has it been since he’s had a good conversation with Harry?
Inspired by the song 'Raido'  by Wardruna.
is the result of his parents, or his Aunt and Uncle. They made Peter into the brave teenager that he is today. They’ve had his baby-years, taught him how to walk or talk. They changed his diapers, went to his parent-teacher conferences. They helped him with his homework, and gave him all their wisdom about the world.
“Do you want me to lie, or to tell me the truth?” Tony jokes. Rhodey just groans, rolling his eyes while looking away. Then after a long moment of silence, he turns back to the screen while holding up a finger.
“He’ll explain it when he comes by tomorrow. Something about accords? He’ll be at the compound at eleven,” Tony answers, not trying to get too deep into this now. He really doesn’t think he can handle it, right now. “I’m glad you’re back, though.”
“FRI, can you tell the others I’ll be a little longer because I need to help my Dad?” he asks. Tony stutters out another protest, but doesn’t actively try to stop him.
“What the-?” he asks in confusion. He starts pulling a bit at his neck to see if the fabric stretches along a little bit. He’s disappointed to see that’s a negative.
“You killed her,” he hissed at the Goblin, who somehow holds up his arms as if to prove he’s innocent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your name,” Tony adds. “Your last name in particular. It sucks…”
“Captain Rogers,” he greets him. Steve glares at him.
“Whoa, oh my God!” Peter exclaims, recognizing the suit immediately. Not because he’s seen it before, but mostly because of a feeling. Peter hasn’t seen him working on a suit other than the one he’s been making together with Peter. He’d just expected it would have been for this Daredevil-guy. To see it suddenly in front of him, the final result of all the work they’ve put into it… It takes Peter’s breath away.
“Oh, come on! Aren’t you getting tired of this?!” Peter shouts to the guy. The Goblin just laughs but otherwise doesn’t respond to him. Peter groans and throws his head back, not really keen on falling again. Sure, he’s still on his meds, but he doesn’t want to actively trigger himself into another panic attack.
So there might be a slight, small possibility that Tony Stark, genius billionaire playboy philanthropist superhero, could maybe be his father. Sure, okay, his mother might have slipped up with him
“I’ll do my best,” he returns jokingly. Then he sighs and shifts again in the bed. He stares ahead for a few seconds and then frowns. “Where’s Steve?”
Much to his surprise, she charges after him, a grin wide on her face. Peter once again jumps to the side, not even getting his chance to ask his question.
“Nilla?” memory-Yaël’s eyes grew big as she saw her armored sister walk in.
At least it’s not the only think keeping Tony alive anymore. Surely, Steve knew that.
“I don’t think that will be so easy. You see, you’ve been out for nine days,” X replied. “So standing up will feel a bit…wobbly.”
“Hi Steve,” Bruce responds. Then he takes out another copy of the accords. It’s the newest version he’s been given, and hopefully it will also be the very last he’ll ever have to bring over. “The King of Wakanda already has a copy sent out to him, but we figured we want to see your last few suggestions as well.”
“Oh, seriously-“ Loki interrupted her by raising his hand.
“I told him I was your mentor, and that I was close friends with your aunt,” Tony says, and then he reaches for his pocket and takes out a folded piece of paper. “And I also might have had your aunt’s signature forged to make this letter.”
“You’re all idiots,” he mumbles. He puts his cup down on the table and gets into the long hallway that leads to the front door of the building. One of the biggest reasons as to why Peter wants to get her personally is because she’s never been to the compound before.
Inside of the bag, there’s his suit.
Rhodey calls out in their ears. Tony and Steve both seem to ignore him. Next to Peter, Strange groans in frustration as well.
How did he even get here? Didn’t he get a ‘babysitter’ all the time? Is there somebody waiting for them outside? Probably Steve, no?
“Oh, dear Yaël, you’re not dead. You don’t think I would let you go that easily,” the man chuckled while talking. His voice sounded familiar, almost…iconic. Yaël had to focus to not let her mouth fall open once she discovered who it was.
“Steve…” Tony starts. Steve stops him.
Of course, that is
“No,” Yaël grunted shortly while fighting back screams and tears as Vision was cleaning her wound. Then he calmly pulled the tube from her hand and started smearing the crème on her wound.
“Nah, he doesn’t really act extra daddy-ish to me.” Yaël snorted.
Peter tried to keep his distance, but it took one month for him to realize he couldn’t. He stayed with Gwen, eventually, and for a long while they were together – not extremely happy, since both of them were still grieving, but happy enough.
He doesn’t even realize he’s flying. One moment they’re still at the bank, and the other he’s back in the tower, the mask of the suit pulled away from him. Tony doesn’t even look at the black suit, instead guiding his boy back inside.
“Nopedy-nope,” Tony had returned. “I still have work to do.”
Maybe Mr. Stark should just let him fall; let him know the fate that befell Gwen. He would deserve it, after all. He made
“Before your queen,” Hela added. Yaël bit her lip, when was the right moment to leave? Maybe it was a better plan to make sure they didn’t notice her and stay put.
comes in return. Of course, she isn’t.
Peter knows it’s risky, the others seeing him hang out with this little group. Given the reaction Spider-Man had yesterday, people might put two and two together. But they’re all ‘heroes’ here. Everybody respects each other’s privacy.
It would be easy to hug him, to kiss him. He’s right there, after all. It’s easy to touch him, to smile at him, to tell him he loves him. It’s so fucking easy.
“Shut up.”
Peter didn’t know that; he thought Mr. Stark had seized all contact immediately afterwards.
“-Thanos isn’t somebody you can just run away from, Yaël! No matter how you turn the story, we, or for sure you, would be dead at the end of it. I did what I could to keep you alive!”
“You know, they send this idiot to me because they figured I need friends?” Yaël pointed with her thumb to Wade, who acted like he was offended, but nobody cared.
touch?! You didn’t seem to mind last time when you were sucking my face off two days ago, asshole,” she bites back. “Also, for the past few weeks all you’ve been telling me is how single you are. You can’t blame this shit on me.”
“You’re working with Tony Stark? I just thought you were working
“Ahum…Y-yeah,” she stammered.
couple to say the least, but somehow they worked good together. MJ opened up more, becoming a more and more pleasant person to hang around with and actually involving her friends into her social justice-activities. And Harry, in turn, changed as well; being more humble and less obvious about how rich he is… It’s a bit of a shame, really.
“Are you wearing clothes? Please say yes?” With those words, Yaël’s brain started functioning again, she was awake. Shit, was she wearing clothes or not?
“The church won’t accept it! Unless…” The church was no belief on its own, Yaël wanted to say, but she was curious what Cap was up to.
Steve turned to her. “What? What’s wrong with her?”
“That would be me,” Steve suddenly says, and every head turns towards the hallway that leads to the bedrooms. Simultaneously, all the mouths – minus Nat’s and Rhodey’s – fall open from the surprise of an equally fancy-dressed Steve Rogers walking up to them, looking confident but at the same time slightly nervous as well.
“There’s no shame in that as I am an alien too. From a different planet, though, but still some sort of alien.”
Steve frowns at him, but then sighs and nods, leaving the room again. Tony puts the arc reactor down and seems to look everywhere but at Peter. The teenager wants to ask how he’s doing, if he’s already doing better, but Peter knows it won’t be that easy.
“Since when do you care about that?” Loki asked, resuming his walk as Yaël started rolling again.
Turning off the infernal sound coming out of the machine on her nightstand she turned around to get back to sleep, but she accidentally rolled onto the file the two men had given her. There was only one paper in it.
“Says the single idiot towards the guy with an actual relationship,” Peter mutters. Shuri sticks out her tongue towards him.
“Jahnnaaay!” somebody shouts. A guy with a bottle of beer in his hands walks up to Johnny and gives him that typical guy-hug where they slap each other on the shoulder with their chests barely touching each other. Peter snorts, wondering when it became that he started to think like this?
"Yeah, you tell him, Mr. Captain!" Wade calls out, going through the channels so fast that it annoys even Johnny. Peter just rolls his eyes, heading towards the couch to hand both Wade and Johnny their glass. When he gets back to the counter, he suddenly notices a yelllow post-it attached to the fridge.
“Did you hear anything from Peter?” Wade asked her casually as he jumped off his horse. That name stung, that was how for this situation had become.
Neither of them says anything as Peter closes the door behind him.
Harry’s eyes widen, his mouth falling open as his breath catches. “Me? On a mission? Avengers-mission?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been crap at keeping contact. Haven’t called Ned much, either, even though he’s texted me a lot… Heck, I’ve barely been talking to May since I went to college… That’s how much Venom fucked me up!”
Peter’s problem obviously was that he needed someone to give him a clear answer. It was kind of cute actually and it proved once more that he was just a normal person.  He couldn’t choose between the two fields, he liked the both of them but… if he’d chose electrical engineering, he’d be able to do a scholarship in Stark Tower. Peter already talked to Mr Stark for an internship, so Yaël didn’t really get what was holding him back. With some luck, he’d somewhat get to know his dad.
Yaël remembered Charles telling her, that day when they were sitting in the graveyard, just talking. He meant it as something that could happen in the future, not as something that had already happened.
“Your
A dark snort goes through him. No, with Thanos they were still losing massively – heck, he even died – despite having an entire team with them. Now, Peter’s completely alone, weak, and not at all in the right state of mind. Venom knows exactly what it’s doing, and that scares Peter a bit.
“OF COURSE I KNOW WHAT IT FEELS LIKE!” Steve shouts in a sudden wave of anger. Tony startles, but doesn’t look up. “I CARE ABOUT PETER AS IF HE’S MY OWN SON!”
?” Peter asks. He sounds breathless. There’s a lot of noise out there. It that… a car?
Steve rolls his eyes, taking Tony’s face into his hands and leaning forward to kiss him on the mouth again.
Because at the door there’s Nat, dressed in a nice dress. Behind her stands James Barnes, also dressed up formally, though looking extremely out of place. Tony just stares for a moment before Natasha walks inside, gently patting his cheek.
“It’s alright. I’ll see you tomorrow, right?”
“It’s alright, it’s alright! Just forgot my strength!” he says, one hand up in the air. Rhodey is looking down in amusement as Tony hurries to get something to clean it up. It must be weird for everybody to see Tony clean up his own messes like that.
Tony strokes through his hair, passes his fingers over Peter’s cheeks.
“Does Peter know? About Stark, I mean?” she asked without thinking it through.
Vision is friendly and trying to be helpful, but the fact that he sounds like JARVIS does confuse him sometimes, especially when his jokes are never met with the same sarcastic retort JARVIS would normally bring.
“Please, just surrender!” Yaël begged him, with the taste of blood from the hit she got earlier filling her mouth. But once again, her plans got crossed by the device in her neck, forcing her onto her knees. As soon as the man noticed his hands weren’t frozen yet and Yaël stopped freezing him, he once more plucked the sword from the ground.
Peter frowns, wondering who this Peggy is. They mentioned her before once when they were fighting about something, but so far Peter has no idea who she is or what makes her so important. Though he’s sure she is.
With Peter lying between them, and both May and Tony holding Peter’s hands, the two adults sit in comfortable silence. Peter is asleep, having slumbered about ten minutes ago. His face looks peaceful, but that doesn’t calm any of Tony’s nerves.
“And after that, with Nat, in the helicarrier. She got hurt as well. Despite that, despite everything, she still decided I was worth something.”
“But-“
“Good morning,” she greets them while Bruce closes the door behind her. Nobody responds to her, so she continues. “How are you feeling right now, Peter?”
“Oh, hey Felicia. What’s up?” he asks.
Steve blushes after that, shuffling a bit in his seat. “It was when you’re mid-battle and can’t just take a toilet break, Tony.”
Peter smirks a bit and then puts his feet on the desk, only remembering afterwards that Steve wouldn’t like that. But Steve isn’t here, so there’s nobody here that is going to punish him for it.
“Holy-“ Yaël growled while fishing her phone out of her pocket. This was it, the last drip. Wanda somehow found a way to escape and Vision probably didn’t dare to fight against her. Yaël scrolled through her phone and dialed the number she had been looking for. But her thoughts wandered off. Now that Wanda was gone, it was time for her to leave too. And Wanda probably escaped to go and help Steve, but Yaël was sick of that whole fight.
“Is she alright? Did it work? When will she wake up?” Yaël heard Wade’s rattling even before she had the chance of opening her eyes.
And Peter dances. Suddenly, all that insecurity and anxiety seems to have disappeared from his face. He smiles at the people, pretends to sing along as he starts leaning off the street lamp. Tony and Steve both frown when Peter suddenly disappears behind a bunch of umbrella’s. They both lean a bit to the side, trying to get a good look but unable to see anything.
Yaël didn’t have to think for too long, but she wasn’t sure if she wanted to tell him those things…they freaked her out. When she looked back at the man in front of her, she noticed his patience. How did she deserve a man as charismatic and sympathetic as him to help her while she didn’t even dare to say what she saw?
Okay, so is it really that bad to be listening to Toto’s
Then, much to Peter’s surprise, the mutant starts laughing. His hand comes to his stomach and he leans his head back while there are laughing lines showing around his eyes. Peter wants to know what could possibly be so funny right now, but he doesn’t dare ask, instead just looking back out of the window and seeing Wade still lying there. Though this time it looks like his left leg is already healed back in place. Now the rest…
The music keeps playing. People keep dancing. There’s fun all around, people laughing and talking and drinking. The feast is an obvious success.
After that there are no more messages, and Peter puts his phone away again. Then he looks at Dum-E, who points once more at the cup of coffee.
“It was great; I took him and his Aunt to Disneyland, and I suppose we’ve got our first father-son picture together, though there’s the two large plush-mice to consider.”
“I can? I don’t mean to intrude,” Harry admits. Peter shakes his head.
“No, now let’s get the rest of our stuff!”
The paint running down surely didn’t make her look more sympathetic, it dripped on the floor behind the king. X grabbed her hand “Don’t let go of reality,” he whispered to her, forcing her to focus on him for a second. After that, the painting stopped melting for a while, but X didn’t let go anymore.
He held her in his arms as the three of them looked at the demon in front of him, destroying what was once called Asgard.
X called her back the next day to tell her that he was going to discuss her situation with Fury immediately, so it’d be fixed as soon as possible. But there was a flaw in X’s plan.
Tony smiles at him, crawling forward carefully without messing up his leg. Then he leans over Steve, their eyes never leaving. One practiced hand swiftly moves underneath Steve’s shirt, tracking every inch of skin he can find there. He kisses him after that, their lips meeting with equal enthusiasm. He can feel Steve’s breath against his cheeks, hears Steve’s heart beating now that he’s close enough and wondering if Steve can hear his as well.
They began planning this a little while ago.
Could that be why Tony’s been acting so weird since the war? It couldn’t be, right? Tony couldn’t have used it for more than three minutes maybe, using Thanos’ own weapon against him.
“Uh, Peter, are you alright?” Yaël asks then, suddenly worried. Peter shakes his head, sniffing his nose while trying to keep his tears to his own. He’s failing immensely at that.
“Yeah, a job-interview with Mr. Stark! I’m sorry, can’t chat, I’m late,” she said without stopping. Yaël got into the lift and guessed to Stark stayed at the top floor, as a stereotypical boss should do. Before the glass door closed in front of her, she saw two security guards run up to her, only arriving too late as the elevator started moving.
“When he was little I would stroke his hair while holding him on my lap each time he was sick,” May suddenly says. Tony gives her a short glance but doesn’t speak up. “It calmed him down long enough to let him fall asleep.”
she returns.
Peter shakes his head. His hands ball into tight fists, and his breathing speeds up again. He can’t say it; he doesn’t want to seem so weak. He doesn’t want Mr. Stark to know him like this.
He doesn’t want to lie to him. He’s his father; in any normal circumstances, Peter would have spilled the beans a long time ago.
A group of teenagers is surrounding it, looking at it in admiration. One of those is Flash, and next to him stands Eddie Brock.
she says, just like that. Tony takes a deep breath, but presses his lips into a thin line. “
- First dates (finally?)
“Peter came by earlier, but his Aunt took him home about an hour ago,” Happy tells him. “He’s been here the entire time, didn’t want to leave.”
"Hell, no!" Clint counters. "In case you've forgotten, this team has
“You are an adorable child, and you’re never going to live that one down the moment you’re back to normal,” he says fondly, aware that he’s using the typical talking-to-baby-voice. Peter twitches a bit in his sleep, but after a deep breath he sleeps on.
,” Steve interrupted her, he sounded rushed. “
“I never put a name on it. I just figured I was…
They walk around the city for about an hour. Peter divides his attention to listening to Harry and looking for Venom at the same time. He can hear the other Avengers in his ear. Tony and Bruce aren’t too successful, though they’re constantly trying to assess where Peter is. Steve, Rhodey and May don’t have much luck, either. Peter figures New York is pretty big, after all.
The whole room turns quiet. Tony sniffs once again before he carefully lets go of Peter and gets back on his feet. Then he marches towards Strange, and despite the guy being that much taller than him the sorcerer jumps away nervously.
Peter grins while he holds out the phone that shows pictures of him and Tony standing next to Minnie and Mickey Mouse. Aunt May had insisted on them being on this one together, so the two had complied without any complaining.
After a while of living in the cave, some sort of spaceship had descended from the sky and it had stopped right above the lake, like it was waiting for Loki and Yaël to come out. Yaël, who back then didn’t know yet that the name Loki only meant trouble.
she asks kindly. Peter lets out a long breath, in one part not really thinking it’s a good idea to go patrolling again. On the other hand, though, having two other people tagging along with him – two people with unmeasurable powers, too – could literally stop him from doing anything stupid.
I said in the chapter that it's better the sooner encephalopathy starts after jaundice. That's a true fact. As it is, if it's less than 7 days, there's a 30% survival rate. Once it's longer than 7 days, that rate goes down to 10%. Obviously, both are still very low. With that, this is what I meant with the doctor being relieved that it started so soon.
“Your savior is here!” Loki stated loudly while arrogantly raising his arms with a grin. Oh, the man sure had a feeling for extra drama, Yaël thought while crossing her arms and sarcastically rolling her eyes behind the prince’s back.
Okay, he should stop rambling.
“No, it’s just one of your holograms or something. You can’t expect me to believe that you’re from the future?”
And as it shakily rises, Tony can read the number written on top of it. Wagon 5, E241 Street. On the side, there’s 6688 written with white paint. The thing doesn’t look like it’s suited for driving anymore, but even from the outside, Tony can see the cables and old screens stacked together.
“W-why were you in my head and now- heh?” she muttered confusedly.
One look at his cellphone, he finds that he’s got a few texts. Mostly from Wade, two more from Ned.
she tells him, though she doesn’t sound at all like she’s regretting it. Peter rolls his eyes and lets out a deep breath. Then he clears his throat and licks his lips.
Mary raises an eyebrow at him. “Okay, what are you not telling me?”
Peter shakes his head, balling his hands into fists as he takes a deep breath.
Maybe Yaël wanted to like the man because she hoped Peter’s dad wasn’t a total jerk, she hoped something positive would come out of all of this, she hoped Tony could make Peter happy and Steve too.
Mr. Morita looks surprised, but Peter doesn’t know at what. That Mr. Stark took care of this already? Or that the man would even try to bargain about this? Peter can almost see the gears working in his head when he turns around for a second, but then the man holds out his hand towards Mr. Stark and nods in agreement.
“These are amazing, Tony,” Steve exclaims. “You look happy.”
“Will do, bye son,” Steve says. The three give each other a long hug. But after that, they say their goodbyes. Peter closes the door to make sure his daughter is brushing her teeth, while Tony and Steve head back to the car. As Steve starts up the engine, Tony hums along with the song.
Then Mr. Stark stops, biting on his lip and sighing loudly. His hands are balled into fists, veins showing underneath his skin.
“Are you guys done arguing about this?” Wanda asked calmly. “I only walked in a minute ago and I can already tell you that this state of hers hasn’t a lot to do with physical illness, something is twitching in her head. And twitching is a very soft and kind word for what’s going on in there.”
He almost drops the phone down when it suddenly starts vibrating in his hands. An unknown number shows up on the screen, indicating an incoming call. His senses are giving him mixed signals here. One part tells him not to pick up at all. He has no idea who it is, and he might cause trouble in one way or another.
The doctor’s not really here, Tony just made it up. He sighs, stretches his arms a bit and decides to just head for the toilet for a moment. But before he sits up, his eyes drop on the massive bruise that is now on his arm, where he just bumped it against the nightstand.
And sure, Peter’s had sex before. With Gwen, they’d gone all the way, one particular evening, and sure it had been fun for a little bit, but… Peter doesn’t
It was Peter who ended the staring-contest by asking if Yaël had a car, so Yaël put on her way too wide grin, just to bully Peter.
“I’m… a Frost Giant, I’m supposed to be colder than you.”
Okay, so not exactly like Tony’s team. He knows the Ant-Man and Wasp are only part of the team here because Tony obviously isn’t.
“All night I dream of water that can wash the weight of the world from my shoulders” Of Mice And Men - Purified
“Raido!” Yaël started looking around, searching as soon as she remembered.
The day he finally got to talk to Gwen was when Peter decided to help out another kid that was being bullied by Flash during lunch. The guy was tilting the boy up, pressing his face against his plate of pasta as a revenge for not sharing his homework. Peter stood up for him, Flash started to kick his ass, and then she came to save the day, humiliating Flash in front of the entire crowd.
“Peter, I’m so glad you’re here,” Tony says with a hoarse voice. Peter just sits down on the chair and takes Tony’s hand into his own.
And so Yaël stood up and told the bodyguards she’d let herself out. When she wanted to turn around, just to ask Tony a last question: why he disliked her so much, the bodyguards forced her to turn the other way and keep on walking. Guess she’ll never know, then.
“You like them?” Wade asked. “I promised I’d get you some beautiful plates and these fit with your dark soul.”
“Fine, whatever. Leave. I’m not stopping you.”
“You do whatever you want, Tony,” she says, though still extremely disappointed he seems to have forgotten their date tonight. Again.
“I, uh, I don’t really dance,” Peter says awkwardly. MJ shakes her head before leaning forward, pressing her lips against his ears.
“Hmm?” Yaël reacted so he’d go on. The water was still running over her.
“Mini-Stark, why are you standing in the elevator in your boxers?” Clint asks, blinking a few times. Sam tilts his head a bit to the side.
Steve is.
Now it’s time to start atoning for the mistakes he made in the past few weeks.
“If you’re nothing without this suit, then you shouldn’t have it, okay?” he says. God, he sounds like his dad.
“How’s your view on them?” Wanda asked Peter. Oh, she should not have asked that.
Tony’s had his doubts about Felicia. Especially since she seemed to just come into the picture when Peter had only just broken up with MJ. At first, he thought she was nothing more than a rebound girl for him, but with the way Peter is it would be a stretch, really.
“Tony,” it says, sounding just like the thing in his head. Tony hovers forward a bit, reaching out his hand again to have a touch. Once it makes contact with the dark figure, it lightens up for a bit before shifting into an actual person. Somebody Tony recognizes.
“You’ve been crying,” she states dryly, closing the door behind her. Peter sniffs his nose again, and then puts his hands on his hips.
“You betcha,” Peter jokes, walking towards the window and opening it up. With a short sting in his chest, he remembers how he entered his room through here with the Cat right behind him. “Say, uh, Karen… you still record everything?”
“A family matter. My father’s in jail for a crime he didn’t commit. There’s somebody who can get him out, but I need the money for it.”
you come back, Nick?”
But yet, they somehow always ended up back in each other’s arms…  Wait, no, her mind was tricking her. She surely wasn’t missing Loki, she was just thinking about Jason and comparing him a bit with Loki, which was nothing wrong with. Because, unlike Loki, Jason had a normal job and wasn’t trying to rule over the planet. He was no evil trickster-genius, just a cocky bastard with whom Yaël could have discussions about the stupidest things too.
“Don’t worry, he won’t,” Steve assures him, leaning forward to kiss Tony’s lips softly. Tony hums as he leans forward, his hands quickly finding Steve’s back until he lets his hands roam a bit more downwards.
With comm-links safely tucked into their ears, they all go their own way. On their cellphones they can see who’s where.
“Alright, who needed my help?” Bruce asks, clapping his hands together. Three of the four teenagers raise their hands in embarrassment. Peter watches Bruce smile before he motions for them to follow him to the elevator. Peter already knows he’s taking them to his lab downstairs. “You joining us, Peter?”
“Yup, their parents were always ashamed about the mutant-stuff, though.” Mr. Thompson said. “They always lied, and still lie, about it to everyone. They say they send them to a boarding school for their troubling behavior, but Alex was actually kind of rescued from solitary confinement by this Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr, where he was put in for not being able to control his powers. They took him to this school… uh…”
Harry’s still confused, but he does follow after Peter. Looking a bit awkward walking next to Spider-Man, Harry tries to talk about whatever he’s seen in Paris. Sure, he’s here to cheer Peter up, but he wouldn’t be Harry if he didn’t start talking about how his life has been so far. It’s what makes him Harry, after all.
There’s a moment of silence on the other side on the line, and Peter’s already preparing himself for the answer he’ll get. Mr. Stark surely tell him now not to even bother coming back. Peter can feel it. Maybe he
Miles doesn’t know too much about Mr. Li. He’s a businessman who suddenly decided to become a philanthropist, helped build up this entire thing, and comes by nearly every day. He’s got an office here on the second floor. Stark’s got one, too, though it’s rarely used since the guy’s super busy all the time. Probably. Miles wouldn’t know since he usually keeps his whereabouts a secret, unlike his old man.
Tony doesn’t know when he falls asleep. It’s probably a miracle that, during that time, Peter hasn’t moved. Tony’s awakened by somebody shaking his shoulder, causing for him to jump up and almost waking Peter up in the process. Peter, who shifts a bit in his sleep and makes a small complaining sound but doesn’t otherwise move.
After returning from the presentation at MIT, Tony has done nothing other than research. With the picture the woman handed to him and nothing more than a name, he searched up everything there was to know about this Charles Spencer. Of course, whatever he found did nothing much to clear his conscience. In fact, it only worsened it. Something clearly that woman at the school seemed to have intended when she decided to confront him about it.
“Mary Parker, the first woman I loved. We were good friends, but I screwed it up,” Tony explains. When Steve stays quiet, he takes that as his cue to start explaining.
Dr. Cho instead finishes off at last and stands up to throw away her things and clean her hands. She gives Peter one long look when he pulls the top of his suit back on and then tries to stand up. It still stings when he tries to stretch his shoulder, which means that he shouldn’t be moving it too much.
“She’s got two weeks off at the beginning of summer break, she told me. Maybe I can arrange for you two to go to France for a few days? Get tanned in the sun, take some time to breathe?”
“Okay, that works,” Tony mutters. He’s no longer going in too much detail, having talked his ears off for the past two weeks he’s been working on this. He plays with it some more to make sure it’s not just a one-time deal.
“Why not?”
“Thanks,” he quickly adds. The driver just raises an eyebrow but then sighs and drives off. Peter starts walking towards the front door, only barely managing to get his keys out of his bag. Once the door is opened, he starts walking towards the elevator.
“FRIDAY, can you get me to the roof, please?” he asks.
“She’s sleeping with him to get male-bathroom privileges, I’m sure of it!” a lady whispered to her friend as Yaël passed them.
“Yes, except for Steve, who is here,” Tony adds. Bruce whistles, a bit overwhelmed by the information.
“What is it you need my input for?” Steve then asks. One hand rests under his head, but the other leans forward and slowly strokes Tony’s side. Luckily, Tony isn’t ticklish or he would have been laughing the entire time.
What made her get stuck into this shithole? Her powers got slammed back into her…but why? Because she overdrove them or because she mistreated her own body? Probably the second one, since she’s known for overusing her powers. Okay, but why didn’t she just faint?
When he looks back up to meet Steve’s gaze, he gives him a pleading look. ‘Please don’t be mad at me,’ it says. ‘Don’t hold it against me.’
Peter nods.
“Why didn’t you ever mention that before? We could have figured out how she knew?” Tony asks in return. Peter shrugs lightly.
If she could just call Steve and rage about this new friend to him, because Wade surely still was her friend. Yaël was sure she’d find it hilarious tomorrow. And Wade was her only friend at this point. Was Peter a friend? Does kidnapping someone make you friends? Well, if Peter wanted to leave, he could, Yaël wouldn’t stop him. But he stayed, which made her kind of glad, because she didn’t want him, the only normal guy in her company right now, to reject her.
“How did you survive it? Without even a scar?” he asked her.
“Well, you’ve been smashed down by the hulk…” That should’ve surprised her, she saw it on Steve’s face, but all Yaël could think about was her broken brain.
Tony snorts, but there’s no humor in it. He can only laugh at the idiocy in this whole situation. It suddenly sounds so simple, and for a moment Tony regrets not taking Peter along and inviting Steve to come. Right now, he doesn’t care about his own well-being. He just wants his son to get another chance at seeing Steve again.
“Let’s get to work, then. Steve, you stay with Peter, restrain him in case he tries to run off again.” Tony starts walking towards the computer, greeting Bruce with a gentle squeeze on the shoulder. As he starts explaining some things, Peter keeps his mind off it. He stands next to Steve, giving the man a long look before hugging him again.
For the whole night, Peter has been thinking over in his head how he’s going to apologize; the talk with Yaël helped a bit on that part (though he really didn’t need her reminder that he really
Tony isn’t too surprised when he sees two guards standing in front of Steve’s door. He’s not too worried about them letting him in; they know he’s been visiting in prison, as well as he’s been the one in charge of transporting Steve all the way to Switzerland. After a nod towards the guards, the men give him a long look before finally stepping aside and giving Tony the chance of getting in.
“You know, the arc reactor has been created by Howard Stark and another inventor called Anton Vanko back in the time? Thus far, only their sons have managed to build this thing – even in the freaking miniatured-version, as if the actual reactor wasn’t impossible enough!” Francis calls out, trying to once more take on his teaching-role as an instructor.
“Timing could have been better,” Rhodey mutters before exiting the bathroom to open up the door. Peter decides he’ll find out who it is afterwards. He rinses off his hair, gets his body cleaned up, and then jumps out of the shower to get dried off quickly. After a quick look at his watch, he figures he still has about an hour to get ready. Tony’s Team only needs about twenty minutes with him or so, at the most.
“If there are any troubles, you can just call the number on top of the page and I’ll see if I can help,” he says. Peter only nods, not really thinking much of it but instead going back out of the building as fast as he can.
at Tony. “I, uh… Thank you.”
And by the time Peter gets to his classroom, she lets go of him at last, correcting his shirt quickly before nodding to the entrance.
It’s George’s own son Freddy – a kid that’s maybe ten years old – who gives Peter enough explanation; he’s something new, a fresh face, new stories. And given that he’s Tony’s own flesh and blood, that makes him family, as well. Freddy seems to have taken an immediate liking to Peter and sticks to him almost the entire time. Despite the sad atmosphere that still seems to be taking in the room, the children find a good playmate in Peter, and they practically kidnap him for the upcoming two hours.
“Don’t tell me you don’t know how to get out?” she heard the man mumble bitterly. He made her feel dumb.
The two leave the room. The case stays inside; Tony will get it later, or T’Challa will have it brought to the room he’s staying at. That’s the good thing about being able to stay at the Palace for the coming few days. He only wishes he could have taken Peter along. He might have been able to relax a bit on a holiday.
“Am I wrong or did you also think I had some sort of relationship with Steve the first time you met him, after he had stayed a night in my apartment?”
They’re in the tower right now, at first it had just been the two of them, but after half an hour of being here Vision eventually came up. Peter almost wants to ask when the babysitting shifts will be over, but eventually he figures that it’s not really his decision. Besides, Vision is not too bad for company; he’s always reading, or trying to cook. Sometimes he adds some complicated stuff to whatever Tony is talking about, but other than that he doesn’t interfere.
“Holy shit they must have started early,” Johnny says, sounding actually impressed. Peter looks at the sleeping girl, but figures she’ll be fine when he sees her chest go up and down regularly. They don’t knock on the door since it’s open. Instead, they just walk inside, where the heat is even more than before. Peter shrugs out of his coat without needing any more second to think about it.
Tony reaches out his hand and rests it on her shoulder. This is wrong; this shouldn’t have happened. Sharon deserves better than that.
Tony had asked through the phone.
“Oh, it’s those guys that were knee-deep into the Hand-business. You know about the explosion in Midland Circle, right?” Ned asks. Peter remembers reading something about it, yes. “Well, it talks about six members; an indestructible man known as Luke Cage, a super strong woman whose name isn’t clear, a man who calls himself the ‘Immortal Iron Fist’ with every chance he’s got, a badass woman with her blades and a nurse with kick-ass fighting skills.”
The next day, Peter feels a whole lot stronger for some reason. He gets some breakfast in, greets everybody and ignores the curious looks he’s getting from the others.
“Never.” Yaël pushed herself away from the wall and turned towards the door. Useless, everything she had done to get here had been useless. What did she even expect to happen?
Natasha stays silent for a few seconds. Then she turns towards somebody behind her, saying something that sounds a lot like ‘go faster’. When she turns back to him, it’s with that sad smile he’s tired of getting.
“Hey, guys, there’s a pretty girl at the front door who would like to see Peter?” Johnny suddenly comes up, knocking on Peter’s bedroom door. The two men finally let go of Peter at last, and after a short squeeze of Peter’s shoulder, Tony walks off. Steve frowns, going after Tony almost immediately.
“Stay out of this, Spider-boy,” somebody behind him says. Peter turns around, finding a man coming up to him. He’s dressed in the same fashion as Strange, only seeming to favor the green color. His eyes, somehow, are glowing the same color as well. He looks menacing, ready to kill who-ever he needs to get to Strange.
“FRI, you there?” he asks.
“Ned, this is
His first instinct is to call out for them, make them know that he’s here and to wish them luck. But he quickly thinks better of it; Steve nor Tony know about Peter Parker and Spider-Man being the same person. The more time they even spend with Peter, the bigger the chances become that they might recognize him through his voice alone, no matter how much he tries to lower it down.
Steve seems speechless. Worry immediately grows over Tony’s thoughts.
Suddenly, the screen starts shaking until the two boys have disappeared from view and suddenly Strange stands there on the other side.
“Who’s MJ?” Peter asked.
“With the Völ-I mean, Hela stuff?” Loki nodded.
by his side?”
there has been nothing but bullying coming from that boy. He punches other teens, pushes them against the walls. Others come home
“Enjoying sex and having sexual attraction are two completely different things,” Natasha says calmly, and the others nod. “Mathilda and Terrence do not feel any attraction towards others, but they don’t mind having sex, since they enjoy it pretty much. But then there are people like me and a lot of others who
who has been giving me nothing more than grey hair lately.”
Wow, Peter hasn’t really heard Steve joke a lot like that. It’s actually quite amusing. He jumps up, webs a ball and throws it Hawkeye’s way. After a loud ‘HEY!’ from the guy, he pretends like he didn’t do anything.
Peter just snorts and shakes his head. He quit his job there almost immediately after learning that he would be compensated for his work at Stark Industries. Staying there would not only make trouble for the amount of money he would be earning as a teenager, but it would result in not having any single bit of free time anymore.
Steve sends him a text, letting him know he’ll be back in two hours. Tony takes a deep breath. Two hours, he can wait that long. He sends a message to Bruce, asking if he could take Peter for the night. He doesn’t explain why, but Bruce is smart enough to figure it out himself.
“Everybody get outside!” Peter shouts. Nobody needs to be told twice, running into the hallway in speed-tempo – Wade is last due to the fact that he can’t die. “FRIDAY, can you open the door?!”
They break their eye-contact. MJ sighs, turning her gaze back to the people in front of them. Peter, too, looks away.
Then Tony holds up his hand in a wave, turning his back to Ross to finally get back to his suit.
“I knew you guys were crazy, but this really exceeds all my expectations,” Tony tells them, with eyebrows raised, clearly unimpressed by what’s just happened here. Natasha stands up from her spot on the couch. “You were actually going to
“Nah, the owner knows that I’d leave if he fired Parker, since I made a special request for that kid.”
“Steve, no,” Peter gets in between, but Steve doesn’t seem done with talking.
“And I’m pretty sure you’re proud of that?” Mr. Stark says sternly. Peter frowns, wondering
Steve notices him staring. Immediately, he frowns.
! How could I be with you if that’s what I am?”
Cap just shakes his head and lets out another sigh while scratching the back of his head. Peter
angry, and it’s his usual self-defense whenever anybody gets angry at him. He said mean things to Uncle Ben too, the day he died. Things he regrets to this day, but he can never take back. He figures he’s got that outburst-treat from Tony himself?
He sighed. Yaël blinked a few times, waiting for him to continue. She kept her gaze away from Fury.
“Oh, how unfortunate,” Hela said insensibly.
“Damnit!” Peter shouts angrily, smashing his fist against the wall and feeling it sting immediately. His sight is slowly getting better again, and that’s when he sees both Tony and Steve standing there, the first looking angry while the other looks scared.
“No!” she shouted back. A few people looked in her direction. Okay, she needed to calm down immediately. “Peter, listen to me, I don’t want to be looked at like I’m some kind of broken doll. You’re actually the first I told about what I saw. X knows it purely because he went through it with me.”
Of course, it’s just his luck when the elevator makes a stop on Wanda’s floor. And then on Vision’s floor. And then Natasha and Bucky’s floor. Of course, let’s not forget Bruce’s floor, either.
Thor thought for a second and then it seemed like something came up into his mind.
“PARKER!” Mr. Finelli calls out, and Peter is sure that his face has turned red. Great, he couldn’t keep his mouth shut, and now he’s going to get fired because of this idiot sitting at the table every Friday.
Steve sighed and helped her get up. “Wait, is that all you’re wearing?” He asked her, she shrugged. “Yaël, it’s January. Where’s your jacket or vest or something?”
As Yaël walked on the streets to get to her apartment, she started freaking out a bit. Random thoughts made way into her head. Yaël had never been afraid of meeting new people, so she surely wasn’t afraid of meeting acquaintances , but this was different. Steve must’ve mourned about her, right? Well, maybe he didn’t, she didn’t want to know that. Maybe he just walked through her death smoothly. Or maybe he’d be disappointed in her for not remembering him sooner. How long had it been?
Right?
uniform.
Right, he wasn’t supposed to bring it up again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You would not survive long enough to reach the past,” Charles reveals. “Last time we sent Logan because he was the only one who was able to heal himself fast enough. You, I’m afraid, do not possess that ability.”
“He attracts danger to everybody he knows, Peter. He has enemies, and every moment you spend with him, is another moment where his tower is bombed by another revenge-mission or something like that,” Aunt May concludes. Peter takes another deep breath and lowers his shoulders for a bit.
There’s even more silence from him. He doesn’t want to lie to her, but he can’t tell her the truth. Staying quiet is the best option here.
“Thank you, Katie. You can just put it on my desk,” Tony says, seeing her walk to the middle of the room and drop it where he’s told her. Then he watches her go, and his eyes go back to the clock above the door. About ten more minutes before the last kid comes in. Maybe he should just start his research about him? Most kids don’t like it when he looks them up with them around, but on the other hand it feels weird to listen to the kid when he already knows everything about him.
Peter’s not too surprised when another paper is thrown on him. It’s another message.
“Just say it, Romanoff,” Tony urges on. It’s better to just rip off the bandage. If Steve’s hurt, or if he’s not coming back, Tony needs to know.
“Are you going to show me a good time?” she asks, grinning while pulling away a little bit. Peter feels like it’s a bad idea… Or, he’s not sure. Why would it be a bad idea? The Cat is hot, sooooo hot, and she’s here, willing just as much as Peter is.
“There’s another meeting for the accords in two weeks,” Steve suddenly says before he’s rolled away. “It’s probably the last one needed. If that one goes well, our team will go free.”
Then Mary dries off her eyes and looks back at Tony, determined, though heartbroken look on her face.
And the Avengers hurry inside the Quinjet at last. Before the hatch closes, Steve blows Tony a kiss, but all Tony does is glare at him. He’s enjoying this; making Tony wait. The asshole. Tony waits until the q-Quinjet is out of sight before he turns back to get inside again. He decides to just get to the kitchenette and prepare a coffee. He could just watch some TV, or maybe try and finish his last invention, but with how riled up he is right now, he figures he might start breaking things without meaning to.
“Stay behind me, Peter,” Mr. Stark tells him, and Peter wants to protest, to say that he’ll be fine. But a normal teenage boy would shield away behind a hero whenever there’s real danger. If he wants to stay away from suspicion, pretending to be weak might be the better thing to do in this situation.
“Don’t tell me you’re this tense around her all the time?” Tony asks teasingly. He gets another glare from Steve, but other than that there’s just silence.
“Just go, then,” Tony whispers. “I’m staying with Peter.”
“Wha- how do you know?” Ned asks, and Peter groans when he comes to understand that he can’t take that back. Luckily, others haven’t heard it. The conversation next to them is still going.
Peter gasps for air, surprised at the strength StarLord is showing here.
“I don’t know,” Yaël shrugged.
“You know I can see you, right?” MJ suddenly asks without moving her head. Peter feels his face redden. Johnny simply laughs.
“Eh, pretty much. There was somebody, but he only just left again, though I don’t know where,” she, too, lies down on the bed, her back resting on Peter’s lower legs. “He was a cool dude. Didn’t speak much, either.”
“So, how’s the girls’ dormitory?” he asked curiously. Because families got rooms apart, and because there was a shortage of seperate bedrooms, Thor had to make the decision to put the rest of the men and women in huge dorms.
Peter just shakes his head, smile suddenly faltering.
“What?” Peter asks, and Francis just shrugs before pointing towards him.
Steve is somewhere Tony has no idea of. Is he still on Earth? Was he sucked through another portal as well? Heck, was Peter, too? They were standing rather close together, but this Peter’s obviously not his. This Steve isn’t either.
anything
“What the-!” Peter calls out, but then a burst of wind blows in his face, and the plates fly past above him and smash against the wall. Peter still jumps back, hands at the ready for if he needs to defend himself. He hears something cracking a bit further away, but he doesn’t pay attention, instead listening to his spider-sense and knowing that he needs to jump before the first gunshot is made. He sees the bullet come down on the ground, but he himself is no longer standing on the floor. It’s more out of reflex than anything else, and he knows he should get down immediately, but still he’s sticking onto the wall. From here he can see that the girl is doing what seems like telekinetic to lift up the tiles of the floor and using them as shield. So, she’s one of them, then. Great to know.
“Do you want to go party tonight?” Wade randomly asked. Yaël was eating breakfast and Wade joined her around the table, sipping from his coffee.
” the professor said immediately.
“All she would say was  ‘Tony… I made a mistake…’ and whatever else vague, followed by the request that nobody ever mentions him again. And he tried to call, even showed up at her house once, drunk, to try and talk, but her request was clear.”
“You tried,” Tony gets out in between coughs. Steve shakes his head.
“No way, I can help,” Peter counters, already walking back to some more people that need his help. In the back. A man on the ground starts screaming as his leg seems to be pulled along while other people try to keep him back. He probably has some form of metal pin put into his leg after a fracture, while normally these things aren’t supposed to be attracted by magnets. That must mean this thing is strong as fuck. The man gets pulled into safety when Steve picks him up and carries him away through the pull of the magnetism.
After one hour of just walking (skateboarding?) around, Peter finds himself in front of the building that contains Yaël’s crappy apartment. Without hesitation, he takes the skateboard in hand and jumps up the stairs. The apartment is on the top floor, but Peter has no trouble getting to the top. With quick knocks on the door, Peter announces his presence.
He’s in his room before any of the two can even stop him.
“I think that might be for the best, for now,” Natasha assures him. She leans forward to squeeze into his hand. He doesn’t react to it.
“Harry, what are you telling me, here?” Peter asks, confused as to why Harry would suddenly say all this.
Things are slowly starting to make sense as they get through Richard’s notes, though still a lot of data seems to be missing. The journals Mary wrote have been put aside for the time being. On the first glance it didn’t seem to contain any information on the spiders. Given that they didn’t want to leave any trace, it would have been stupid to write everything down in detail.
It’s not that he wants the world to know about Iron Man. It’s more that he needs to get to the Avengers’ base – where-ever that is. He needs to see where they stand, and if they could possibly want to help him out. Or rather… he needs to find Strange.
But now he can’t, because Steve is holding his wrist, and Tony’s skin is burning, and there’s this uneasy feeling in his stomach and chest. As if whatever’s inside wants to break back out. And Steve is still looking at him with those blue eyes. Blue, with little dots of green in them, expressing nothing but admiration and friendliness. And now worry as well.
“Come back here, you little-“  Steve mutters out while he pulls Tony towards him. Before he can finish the sentence, the two have their lips smashed together. Tony’s hand go for Steve’s waist, while Steve’s reach for Tony’s face. They kiss for a lifetime, holding on to each other like it’s the only thing keeping them alive.
“So what? You don’t have the right to mourn or feel bad anymore after a few years?”
“Tony, don’t go in there,” Steve assures him. Tony ignores him, of course. He storms the two by, going through the door where he sees Bruce, Helen and a couple of other nurses surrounding Peter, who is jumping up and down on his bed, head lolling to the side, eyes looking up at the ceiling lifelessly. Helen is holding some sort of syringe in her hand, though not looking like she’s close to inject its content into Peter’s bloodstream.
“Yes,” Raido and Yaël answered simultaneously, like it was extremely obvious. “It’s the beard,” Raido nodded. Yaël jockingly poked him in his side with her elbow.
“Dad, stop panicking and get back in bed, you’re wearing yourself out!” Peter warns him. Tony stops squirming and starts taking quick but deep breaths. Peter then grabs for the phone, knowing it’s probably a bad idea to do this. He dials the number, and puts the phone on speaker.
Peter then turns to Gwen, pointing at his suit. “You called me Venom before. You were talking about the suit, weren’t you?”
“Listen, uhm, my suit’s still pretty wet and it’s
“Hey!” Wade shouts out. Peter ignores him.
He contemplates if he should get inside and pay Aunt May a visit, but eventually he decides not to do it. He shouldn’t disturb her while she’s working, especially if Strange is here today. That’s one of the surgeons Peter mostly likes to avoid, after all the stories Aunt May told about him.
“Oh, and Spidey?” Dr. Cho suddenly says before Peter can get out. The teenager turns back around to look at her and nods to make clear that she has his attention. “You said you lived with your aunt. I know it might sound like cheating, but Mr. Stark is quick in sponsoring orphans, being one himself. I understand if you don’t want to, but you might use that to your advantage.”
“Good, then maybe you could help him with the test the way you helped me? They both failed, so I agreed to help them,” Peter suggests. Bruce snorts but then nods.
“I didn’t know-“
“Thor is ready,” she tells Loki, before turning to smile at Steve. She’s wearing a beautiful long-sleeved brown-and-blue dress. Her long hair is loose, dark and natural. On her head, she’s wearing some sort of silver crown. Her cape seems to be made of a dark-blue fur of some sort. She looks absolutely gorgeous, as do literally all the women around here. Steve can’t even describe Hilde’s dress. He can’t wait to see Jane’s.
“Yeah, I’m not alone anymore. You can’t blame me for my sudden change of behavior!”
“Sometimes I wanna punch you in your perfect teeth,” Tony admits his frustration, actually meaning every word of it surprisingly enough. “But I don’t want to see you gone. We need you, Peter needs you.
“Aunt May, listen, I’m not overworking myself!” Peter quickly gets out, grabbing for her hands and taking them in his own. The woman looks at him with a worried expression behind her glasses, and Peter thinks back of the last time he wore his. “I’m doing fine. Great, even, because I get to work alongside Mr. Stark. We’re working on some sort of suit and-“
“Medical from SHIELD?” he asked. Natasha hadn’t responded, instead pushed him onto the bed and marching towards his closet. She sighed when she took in the very few clothing he had in there. She seemed to find it absolutely ridiculous, or that was at least what he heard her mutter.
“I know, son. Just… go home, please? I’ll look into this girl.”
“I don’t know, it’s just- you’re just so much more athletic than you pretended to be at school. Have you been working out in secret?”
It’s been a long day. It’s been a little while since Tony’s been awakened early in the morning by a very enthusiastic child, but as it so happens, little Annie never really changes on that front no matter how old she gets. Whether it’s five or ten, she always stays that hyperactive child that behaves too much like her own father.
Yaël shrugged, she had no problem with this subject. She had her needs, but did that mean that she had to be in a relationshit-uh-ship? She knew it would sound weird if she’d tell it to Peter like this, like she was some sort of slut. Weird or was she raised to never be loved? She grew up on a planet where every man knew that she was banished, where everyone looked at her like she was the devil himself. Yaël was supposed to never get kids, let alone a husband.
“Stop it! I’ll do this, you just stay down,” Peter tells him. Of course, Tony has been doing too much despite still being in recovery. He’s, as always, ignoring his health to keep himself busy. Peter gives him a disapproving glance. Tony relents, rolling his eyes and handing the plate back to him. Vision, too, stands up to help Peter along. Besides, the last time Tony tried to do the dishes, he destroyed all their plates with his new strength.
“But you can be one, with powers like yours!” What could Yaël say? That she didn’t feel like a person to look up to? That she had the feeling she has done some horrible things in her past? She was no example, no hero. Yaël couldn’t even fully control her own powers.
“Right, what does that have to do with me?” Peter asks in confusion. Rhodey rolls his eyes before walking past him, straight into his bedroom.
Steve had assured him. Everybody hates it, of course, but sentence is sentence. And while it’s not a long one, it’s still one they’ll all have to see through.
wrong.
don’t mean anything by it,” she jokes, and Peter frowns.
Peter isn’t paying attention anymore, so he shouldn’t be too surprised when the guy uses his mystery-device again and blows him away once more. This time, Peter is a bit more prepared. While he flies back, he quickly shoots out a web towards the bastard and pulls him along, making him crash against the wall behind him just as hard. It doesn’t do much towards Peter, but the guy will surely feel it.
“Really, huh? How are you sure he’s not playing you?” the girl, Daisy asks, jokingly. She walks up to him, observing the suit with lots of interest in her eyes. “What do you look like underneath the suit?”
didn’t want to do this he would have said so.
“Here, take a sip!” Hilde passed her the bottle.
“Are you really surprised about that?” he asks. Tony sighs before turning around to look back at Peter. When the man puts his hands on Peter’s shoulder, he gives him a long stare.
Jane; it’s obvious all over his face. Steve’s just glad that his teammate got to find somebody he wants to spend the rest of his life with. “Only hours ago I made the dear Captain listen to the longest wedding vows ever written on Earth, according to him. According to him, I had been speaking for eleven minutes without interruption. But I found that even in those eleven minutes I did not find that I managed to explain all my feelings towards you correctly. Because I fear I cannot put it into words, still.”
Peter’s eyes grew bigger “No way! You know Nick Fury and Professor X?” First,he spoke a bit louder and faster out of excitement, but then… he started rattling.
He’s standing there, tall as ever. A loose shirt, skin tanned from the sun. Are those freckles on his cheeks? Tony would love to check it out, but it would be weird to do that. So he stays back.
And the shouting intensifies while Tony pretends to sing along with the girls, holding the Captain America shield into his hand while wearing one of the first versions of Steve’s uniform. The one where the hoods has actual little white wings come out from the sides.
“I’m sure that you will find true happiness with Anthony. It just… comes in the strangest forms.”
“Hmm…good, with a bit luck they don’t recognize me anymore,” Yaël whispered as she knocked on one of the hundreds of doors in the hallway. She knew exactly where they were: The maidens’ floor. Luckily nobody opened the door.
FRIDAY has given him a hard time about it the moment she figured out what he was doing, telling him that he shouldn’t try to recreate it without Mr. Stark’s consent. Though, after one day already she suddenly stopped giving him grief about it, and Peter likes to imagine that it’s Mr. Stark himself who told her to leave him be.
But, Peter’s sure she’ll understand. It’s about getting to know his
Yaël nodded, listening to a story would distract her from being locked up. She gave him a little smile for his act of kindness.
If he’d had his cellphone, he surely would have been texting Ned with all the updates. But cellphones aren’t allowed. Even Tony had to hand in his tech.
Nobody was really surprised when Steve headed towards Natasha’s house and told her that it was enough. He didn’t want a girlfriend, and with the new missions coming up, he figured he wasn’t going to have much more time. Instead, he started training more.
mind giving him these images.
But at the same time, the disgust he’s feeling for himself right now, at the idea that he reacted that way.
“Or maybe you’re just being worried about Peter,” Steve adds.
They’re good at it; calling, pretending to be happy, like there’s nothing wrong at all. It’s frustrating in every possible way. Just the day before, he got scolded for ignoring Cap’s orders, got kicked off the team before he even got to be part of it. And yesterday he could bite through it and stay with his injured Dad. Now, being Spider-Man but without a mission, he feels angry.
“You’re such a bad slut, Tony Stark…” he chuckled, leaning forward to pin him against the wall with his chest too. It resulted in his dick pushing a little against his hole which made Tony whimper, but it wasn’t enough to penetrate.
“I like it rough.” Tony answered hoarsely from choking. “I want you to fuck me… As hard and strong as you can… Please make me scream… Please hold me down and fuck the shit out of me…” He wanted to get some reaction from Steve like when he teased him before. He was used to being the teaser, but right now he would have begged on his knees if Steve had wanted him to.
Steve let him go again and now he moaned in need and frustration and had to lean on the wall not to fall.
Tony almost fell on his knees when Cap let go of him. “Yeah” he breathed but before he could say anything Dummy was already there with the mentioned stuff.
Slowly went along with him till the mechanic’s back hit the wall. When it happened, his grin widened and put his hands on the wall next to him trapping him between the wall and himself.
The avengers spent the last week in the Stark tower for some tactical discussion and training together. It went well the first day.
Tony shivered and sighed at that. He wanted it so bad, that it was almost embarrassing. “Yes please!” he whined with anticipation.
Tony was shocked at first but then kissed back passionately trying to claim dominance, but the moment he reacted Steve also became more wanton and lustful proving to be a lot more dominant. They kissed for a few minutes and Tony ended up a breathless mess pressed against the wall. As a last chance Tony tried to grab Steve’s hair to try and come out on top, but he had no chance.
“God… you’re so fucking hot, Steve...!” Tony whispered breathless. “How in hell did you hide… well… this?” It was hard to find words when a superhot supersoldier was kissing his neck.
“What’s wrong, Tony?” He leaned closer and closer. “Where’s your big mouth now? Isn’t it as talented as I heard?” He left only millimeters between their lips as he spoke and when he finished he made those millimeters disappear.
“W-wait..ahh… it hurts..” he couldn’t even form a sentence of any kind.
“Never, mama’s boy…” he chuckled seeing the effect he had on the other man.
They kissed again, and Steve ripped Tony’s tank top off, throwing away then pinned his wrists against the wall and kissed down for his nipples and played with them. Tony only dared to make small noises. He didn’t dare to say anything because he didn’t want it to stop - like ever. Steve was so talented with his tongue that he couldn’t believe he never knew about it. He tried to move his hips to get some friction and wanted to feel up the size of Steve’s erection.
“You’re awful…” Steve laughed fondly and pushed in. “Take it then!”
“You still did not get bored with it, Stark?” He sounded angrier than he would have liked to show.
When they parted, Steve chuckled.
After a while Natasha got very annoyed about it and their relationship with Tony became really tense so at the end of the week she left the Tower after apologizing Steve. Clint actually enjoyed the show a lot. He found it funny how the sexual tension was growing between the two and they haven’t even noticed it. Thor didn’t even notice that something went on between the two and he also left at the end of the week returning to his godly duties. Vision and Wanda observed them from afar and usually spent their time together on their floor. At the end of the week Steve wanted to leave the building but Fury needed his apartment for another agent for a little while longer so he couldn’t return.
Steve found the perfect timing in his pace to touch Tony’s cock just the right time and way to make them come together.
They panted together for a few minutes before Steve slowly let Tony back down to stand on his own feet.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hips to keep him in place and touched the tip of his cock to his hole and then just waited.
Steve first thought that Tony did the mocking for the show and he would stop when the others left but he was wrong. Tony didn’t just go on with it, but it seemed that he did it more intensely like he needed more of it to be satisfied without the others watching.
He kissed Tony gently at first waiting for him to react. He wasn’t planning on leaving before he could show the other man how wrong he was about his experience.
“I’m going to fuck you against this wall until you scream…” he whispered possessively.
Steve suddenly pulled out and Tony almost fell backwards with the momentum. Steve turned Tony to face him, grabbed his thighs to pull them around his waist and pushed back in. Tony moaned, tightened his legs around Steve’s waist and his hands around his neck. They kissed and started a new, bit more erratic rhythm. It worked better for both of them and they were getting close together.
Steve got out of his clothes, rolled on the condom and lubricated himself. Then turned his attention back to Tony. He pushed his fingers back to get him lubed a little. He spent a bit of time there to make sure he wouldn’t cause any damage, then he lined himself up against his hole. But he didn’t push in, just waited right there for a few moments.
Tony opened his mouth to a silent scream and grabbed Steve’s wrist in a futile attempt to stop his hand.
“Then maybe I’d take that offer…” his voice became low and harsh like a growl and he followed Tony who tried to back away.
“Ow… Do you want a private lesson, Rogers?” He turned to face the soldier and put down his work.
“Not everyone’s a show-off…” He breathed hot against the sensitive skin then bit down hard eliciting a loud moan. He rubbed himself against Tony’s hard-on smiling at his small whimpers.
"You two are gross, okay," he complains. Tony just smirks at him. Steve has his hand in front of his eyes, shaking his head in defeat.
Peter smirks at the memory of the flustered scientist. He still can’t really imagine this shy man could ever turn into such a big green rage monster. It fascinates him, especially after the Hulk has shown to be quite fond of Spider-man as well, always there to protect him if needed.
“Wait, and you are going to a psychiatrist for this, right?” Yaël frowned as soon as Peter asked that question.
“Well, this here’s my buddy Peter, remember him?” Johnny asks, pointing towards Peter to divert Davey’s attention towards him. The guy squints at Peter, his mouth falling open in his confusion. Once he seems to actually get a look at him, he shrugs.
Tony, too, snorts. He kisses Peter’s head once again just because he feels that strong urge once more.
They’re standing in a circle, surrounding another kid in the middle. Even from afar, Peter knows that they’re not just socializing in the friendly way. With a few more swings, he gets himself closer, waiting to listen while sticking to the wall.
With the night shifting back into the day, the first thing Tony Stark realizes is that it’s begun to rain. Standing in front of the old Parker-house, he looks up into the sky where he allows the drops to fall down on his face. A smile comes up.
I have this list of timestamps I need to make. I have made a title for each and every one of them in the document that holds the story. Yet, all that seems to come out are these random things that come up to me at the most randome times in my day.
The elevator doors open. There’s the sound of two people bumping in against each other. Steve apologizes to who-ever walked up to him.
Yes, he can. He just has to tell Aunt May that he
So, his vision is black when he flies in the air (without actually flying), and it’s black when he lands on the ground with a loud ‘oof’, pain in his back and feeling as if there’s something poking him in the leg. He grunts, feeling like he can’t breathe at all.
“What’s he dreaming about?” Peter asks, not sure if Steve knows.
“Well, that wasn’t what you two were saying yesterday before ending up in a lip-lock,” Tony suddenly interrupts. Everybody watches the man enter the penthouse again, his hands in his pockets and a wicked grin on his face. Steve’s not behind him, so Peter only figures he’s back in bed.
“What do you want?” Yaël asked grumpily.
“Mantis?” Tony still asks, looking at the girl on the bed. She just shrugs.
to know, he knows he
Having never really gotten on the receiving side of compliments given by his father, Tony hasn’t much to go on when it comes to parenting. Sure, his mother has been there a small bit for him, but mostly it’s been Tony chasing after Howard and always ending up with a door slammed in his face.
much, but the truth is there; Tony might love her, but she’s not the one he wants.
she offers. Peter rolls his eyes and sighs as well.
It’s always Gwen, it will always be about her. He won’t ever be capable of letting that go.
There’s a slight awkward moment with May; she’s angry she couldn’t reach him the entire evening, Peter skipped detention, Tony personally got him here. That could only mean that he’s been doing crap he shouldn’t do.
He’s not going to take it out on them, of course. That won’t do anybody any good. But nonetheless, he feels restless, like he could just punch somebody in the face.
“Just tell me if you can make this or not?”
May admits. “
“We can order something with alcohol if you really want it, it’s just mostly for my safety that I didn’t,” Tony explains, pointing towards his stomach. “New liver and all, need to take care of it.”
Holy crap!
Suddenly, there’s somebody grabbing his other hand. With a quick look he sees it’s Steve. He’s back! Good! That’s just… great. His two favorite people holding on to him, both of them giving him a calm smile.
back then!”
“You know,” Korg raised his gun as the door slid open and checked the hallway before walking out of the control room “I just wonder, why would you feel the urge to, you know, make a statue of a man that didn’t even get through the first round. I know he wasn’t a match against you, but-uh-“
“This evening at the tower?” he offers. Ned nods, but Harry shakes his head.
The idea came up on me when I saw the trailer, and I almost immediately wrote this. I am evil, very much evil, but at the same time I feel like this is a good possibility, given how young Peter still is, and how naïve. Be sure you are aware that this timestamp can be shocking.
“Uh, yeah,” she says, lowering her eyes to keep Peter from looking at them. “I have bad eyesight.”
“Uh,” he mutters out. Liz pulls away the moment she’s done, and then she hops away with another smile. Unlike last time with Gwen, the girl doesn’t nervously continue the conversation a bit. “What just happened?”
“Okay, but can somebody tell Steve not to linger too much in the training room? The bed’s too cold without him,” Tony mutters, closing his eyes as he moves himself into a comfortable position. Then, suddenly feeling the phone in his hand again, his eyes open once more. “Oh, wait… Steve isn’t here.”
A man exactly like his own father.
“This was no panic attack, Tony,” Bruce says, pointing towards the news report that is currently playing. “This was rage, and nothing more than that. For that moment, all Peter wanted was for this guy to be dead.”
“Look,” Lopt said. Man, the name Lopt sounded so incorrect… “What if I told you that your lives, and the lives of creatures living on other planets, depends on it?” Lopt said while pointing up to the stars, which made Yaël notice that it was already night. “You mean Valhalla?” Raido answered.
“Okay, you know what? I’ll be there in ten,” she said as she waved with her hand to shoo him away.
“Sure thing,” Johnny exclaims, practically running towards the table where he takes the bottle of coke and fills his cup – Peter wasn’t allowed alcohol since nobody here – except for maybe Wade and Yaël – has reached drinking age. So, it’s mostly soda and coke for them. But that’s alright, Peter wasn’t planning on drinking anyway.
After a few minutes of just talking and joking, Steve finally announces that he’s ready. The interview dies down for a bit, and then the curtains go up.
Peter never really did change his ringtone.
Harry is slowly crawling upright again. The Avengers and the Fantastic Four are all surrounding him, but he doesn’t really seem to care about that. Peter catches him pressing a button on his wrist, and then he holds out his arms in a defensive stance.
the suit they’ve built together, because he was too
tried dating, and look what it got him!”
Was there a way to act light-headedly?
“You’re lucky you didn’t break anything, you know that?” Steve said while patting her shoulder with his other hand. Yaël nodded.
Hilde laughs at that, giving Natasha a long stare before pushing herself on her feet.
“Uh, hi Mr. Stark,” Peter says, waving his hand awkwardly at him while shuffling a bit closer.
They're divided in teams. In Peter's team there's Harry, Tony, Steve, Bruce, Sam, Wanda and Thor. The opposite team has Vision, Rhodey, Clint, Scott, Natasha, Brunnhilde (or Hilde, as everybody has gotten to call her) and Bucky. The simulation they're going for is mostly one that'll teach them in covert missions. Stealth and subtlety is their goal here.
“Hey, man,” Yaël couldn’t help but let out a chuckle while hearing Korg’s typical introduction in the middle of a freaking war. “I’m Korg, this is Miek. We jump on that spaceship and get outta here, wanna come?”
“Uh, around one,” Clint says. He looks down at his watch before remembering himself. “Wait, uh, rewind. How are you sitting up like that? When we found you, we couldn’t wake you up at all! We were afraid you’d offed yourself, you idiot!”
Tony just blinks. He knows he can’t speak, so he stays quiet. He just nods at Happy, hoping that he will offer him some sort of explanation.
Tony shakes his head.
Tony goes through his tablet for a little bit longer. After that, he just lies his head back down. He falls asleep faster than ever.
Not so Super: Tony tries to get used to being part super-soldier with the help of two other super soldiers.
At one point, Bruce tried to take a sample from the suit’s fabric. They cut off a piece of the suit, expecting it to fix itself back eventually. But with the sample they’ve gotten themselves, it seems stubborn as well. Holding it in a small container, Bruce tried to take it to a microscope. He wasn’t fast enough, seeing as the small piece dissolves into a black goo and evaporates itself into the air, disappearing from view.
.” Peter reads, and he almost chokes on his food, surprised at the bluntness. He reads about how happy his father was, and then it’s mostly wedding plans and a few more things on the Spider-stuff. To avoid awkwardness with Mr. Stark, his mother left Stark Industries and agreed to continue her work back in Oscorp. As it turns out, Mr. Stark didn’t take to that all too well, and the two ended their friendship with a fight.
“Don’t I?” His blue eyes were uncertain, despite the smile that lingered on her lips.
Tony’s favorite part about his life was being a superhero. He believed that he became the best part of himself every time he was on Iron Man’s armor. Without false modesty, he loved the attention it gave him, of course, he still was Tony. But it was just when he wore the armor that he could be totally philanthropist.
“And... Steve, do you want kids?”
“I think so.” The blonde removed his boyfriend's finger so he could respond, lacing his fingers with a slight squeeze. “I mean, I don’t have any ring with me now, but... let me do this right. Tony Stark, will you marry me?” Steve’s smile did not reflect on Tony’s face. The engineer was sitting still, staring at Steve, his expression completely serious. For long minutes. “Tony, I need an answer.”
“JARVIS, please remind me to put a fucking bell on this fucking door.”
And, as usual, he had the feeling that the redhead was completely right.
But Tony was really far from being perfect.
“Quit whining.” Steve’s scolding was followed by a groan of complaint from Tony. “It is good that you’re a present figure at your company.”
‘As good as I can be. How about you?’ and there he was with another not cheer at all answer.
Tony turned to Steve’s opposite side, ready to just get away from there. He was a complete moron, of course he was. What had been that awful monologue? He was a moron for always keep talking, nonstop, whenever he got nervous. It was a terrible mania that he needed learn to control as soon as possible. As soon as he was out of there, as Steve released his arm. Why the hell was Steve holding his arm?
Steve was far from being a Tony Stark when the subject was technology. Maybe Tony wasn’t the best comparative, after all the man made that a living. The fact was: Steve wasn’t great with this technology stuff, but he was really far from being as bad as everybody thought.
He and Steve? Seriously?
“Yes, it was.”
‘I’m coming in. I’m the gorgeous man with sunglasses.’ Steve received the message before the cafeteria door opens one more time, and through it, wearing sunglasses, Tony Stark came in.
“Did something happen?” Steve looked away.
Tony felt like it had passed just five minutes since Barton’s invasion when Steve’s voice startled him. His tiny screwdriver fell off once again, making him curse. What in ten hells was his teammates’ problem? Where did the urge for entering his workshop without knocking come from?
“I know, Cap, it’s just a way of speaking” Tony waved his hand on Steve’s direction, eyes still on screen, a frown on his face. “JARVIS, delete this, I’ll redo it later. Steve, when are you introducing me your new girlfriend?”
‘You’re the most amazing person I’ve ever met, and I didn’t really meet you. Really, I’m alright. It’s just… Someone.’
“Him?” Tony’s hands fell in each side of his body at the exactly same time, a chocked expression in his face and mouth slightly open.
Besides, Steve knew he also made Tony happy. The way Stark smiled when they were together, or how, even when they needed to spend some time apart – whether it was for SHIELD or Stark Industries – Tony always called before bedtime just to know how his day went.
One time he ended up accessing a relationship site, where every kind of people was looking for every kind of relation. When he tried to reply to a post, he saw himself forced to create an account. The last thing he wanted was to be called
“Steve.” A sigh. “Stop talking, let's get to sleep.”
“Girlfriend?” was the only thing that Steve managed to say.
“He tried to kiss you. It can’t be more obvious than that.” With a loud, melodic laugh, Clint finally left the room, leaving only Tony and television.
Because those kind of things sometimes Steve just wanted to be left alone. He couldn’t handle all those people willing to tell him everything every time anymore, asking questions about the war, and mainly he couldn’t handle the looks. He really didn’t stand the looks he got. It was like nobody was ready to let him move on, even though he was already doing it – or at least trying.
For a long time Tony had lived alone, except maybe for JARVIS company. He never considered this “loneliness” a problem – actually he kind of enjoyed it. Not having to worry about what to do or when to do or how to do things was the best part of living alone, and even if he lived on a mansion, he always had something to keep him busy.
The sensation of liking so much a person he barely knew was as new as strange for Steve. But every new day when both of them exchanged messages, complained about routine, told which one jokes and confessions, Steve got surer about how real was that thing he was feeling for Eddie. And that was the hardest part. Nobody had taught him about virtual relationships. Obvious, who would imagine Captain America engaging with someone virtually?
“Okay, and one last thing?”
“These changes we’ve made… it’s all or nothing. There’s no in-between. If even
Yaël wished she had come to Asgard on a more peaceful time so she could take her time to look at the magnificence of the Rainbow bridge, instead of seeing it getting smudged with blood by the Hulk, fighting a big black wolves on one side and Asgardians clashing into…zombies on the other side.
It’s Natasha who breaks the Avenger’s silence.
dares to mention it, because they’re all afraid of him. So people give their lunch-money, and their homework, because they’re afraid that, if they won’t, they’ll get their face smashed in a plate full of spaghetti or they get to come home with bruised ribs!”
“She didn’t say, but I kinda saw it coming, I guess?” Harry sighs, turning his head to the side to look at Peter. “I mean, I’m not mad at her, it wasn’t working for a while, anyway, but still…”
“Yaël, wake up, girlie…” it was Wade’s voice. She tried opening her eyes, but the sun stung so badly she kept on blinking. “Hi,” he said with a smile while carrying her out of the trash.
“PETERRRRR PARKEEERRRRR!” suddenly comes out from behind him, the noise filling the whole restaurant. Of course, all of his colleagues are now staring at him, making the clients in turn stare as well. Peter just stands still, knowing full well that the voice belongs to the creep.
Dr. Cho nods, cleaning her hands once more and taking out the stuff she needs to collect blood. Peter hasn’t had his blood checked ever since he became Spider-Man, afraid of what people may find when they take a closer look at it.
Warnings for this chapter:
“Yeah, it’s a long story. But I think we might need your help. Can you go to Stark Tower quickly?”
The fire-one offered her its hand to help her get back onto her feet, but Yaël waved it away and got up herself, as the fire would’ve burnt her hand if she’d grab it. “Look, that one at least has some manners,” Yaël said while brushing some dust off her pants. The water-one threw its arms in the air, then it put one of its hands on its, uh, hip and with the other hand, it moved its fingers in such a way that it looked like a mouth that quickly opened and closed. It was telling her she was talking too much. “Wait a minute, you sassy twat, you-“
“Tell Steve he has ten minutes before we leave,” Natasha warns him. Tony holds up his thumb. Then he jumps up the moment the two aren’t looking again, and he gets to the same door Steve went through.
“I’m fine, dad, quit worrying,” Peter assures him, then nodding towards Steve. “Is he alright?”
“Why were you on the roof, Peter?”
“Ah, ever so flustered. Don’t ever change,” she jokes. Then she finally turns towards Tony, noticing him for the first time. “And this is…?”
“You’re the nephew?” one of them suddenly says. Or, they could just be surprised that they finally get to meet him. Jesus, has Natasha been telling so much about him. Peter leans towards her.
“That sense of humor of yours… I missed it,” Aunt May then says, pulling back. As soon as she’s facing Peter again, Peter stops glaring at the staring dude, instead meeting her eyes. A warm feeling passes through him when she reaches up her hand to caress his cheek. “I know things have been hard, but I’m glad you’re doing better, Peter.”
- Mention of a drunken one-night-stand
Tony smiles back, and then nods at her.
“I’ve been alright, nothing much happened here,” she continues. May’s eyes open up wide.
Tony grabs on to Steve’s suit, putting his free hand on his sternum and rubbing the spot. While trying to even out his breaths, he’s aware of Steve throwing his arms around him and pulling him closer. It’s good, the feeling of tightness. Maybe he shouldn’t have gotten out of the suit; at least it kept him grounded, surrounded.
“Right, is it okay for me to come by tomorrow? I could really use some sleep right now and I want to see how horrible you look in real life right now. I can’t stay too long, though…I need to do my shift of watching Tony.”
“You should have thought of that before feeding me these lies. A robot called ‘Dummy’ put your homework away? Who are you even trying to kid? Now stop interrupting my class, Mr. Parker.”
“There’s not much in here?” Peter asks.
Mantis is already on her way to close the window – which she probably used to get inside. Then she kneels down next to Peter and reaches out for her.
“Oh, please don’t tell me what happened to her daughter,” Yaël rubbed her eyes. She suddenly felt exhausted. If there was one thing in the whole universe that didn’t describe Yaël, then it was being a goddess. Yet the woman kept staring at her hopefully, like she was waiting for Yaël to say she loved it. So, because Yaël wasn’t able to say anything to her, she put it on and slid the hood over her hair. The woman grinned, the tears in her eyes made Yaël swallow difficulty as she tried to smile back.
But on the other hand, it’s not like he can see much. Not even ten seconds ago his helmet has been crushed by whatever their monster of the week is, before being thrown away like he’s nothing more than a doll a child doesn’t want to play with anymore.
“Steve,” he breathes out. Why are his eyes stinging? Why are Steve’s eyes red, too, behind his glasses? They don’t search for explanations, instead pulling each other into a strong hug and holding on tight.
Peter frowns. “That’s weird, do you remember who got hurt?” he tries. Bruce shrugs in return.
“Hey Sandy, how have you been?” she asks. Sandy just shrugs.
“Oh, I don’t doubt that,” Bruce jokes. “I was thinking, since you’re having chemistry tomorrow, maybe you want to hang out in the lab? Experiment a bit? I’m sure Tony won’t mind.”
But, no, they would ask too many questions if he would do that. Sure, he can survive the drop – or he could just crawl down – but any other kid would end up with broken bones, and he can’t fake that. It’s not a good idea at all.
The ambulance stopped right in front of her, immediately someone jumped out of it and guided her to the vehicle to clean the wounds and patch her up. Only a second later, the police arrived, and Wade got questioned. Probably because they immediately recognized him from other weird ‘accidents’ or crimes. After a total check-up, a few questions and quick tests, they let Yaël go.
“Dad is in medical? Is he okay?” Peter asks, surprised by the news. He hadn’t even noticed that Tony was injured! How much of a horrible son can he even be to have missed that?
“No, I’ll get her!” he says before thinking of it. Immediately everybody on the couch makes a knowing sound, Harry and Ned throwing their fists in the air to accentuate it.
What the hell? Why is his heart being monitored? Peter tries to move, but feels a sudden sting of pain and lets out a groan.
“You have no idea how worried I was. What happened, Tones?” It takes all he has to keep himself from calling him ‘honey’ or anything like that. No longer allowed to do that, he reminds himself.
“Do you
So every time someone tried flirting with her while she was sober, she’d just get away from that situation. She wanted nothing to do with love, as it was sickening and stressful. So Yaël never understood why people actually wanted to intoxicate each other like that, but it seemed to make them happy. Steve, for instance, was enduring a lot of pain caused by love, but he also made him happy somehow, so Yaël was supportive about it. That didn’t mean she’d ever be getting in a relationship herself.
“Asgard is not a place,” he stated, “it’s a people.”
“Pssht, our story is one worthy of constant repeating, I tell you.”
By the time a month passed, Peter began to wonder if they’d just forgotten about Harry.
- Venom makes Peter do things he can't really control
“I can take the suit,” Tony starts, voice cracking. Natasha squeezes his shoulder in reassurance. Tony sniffs, drying his eyes before continuing. “But you know that won’t stop him. He’ll always find a way to be Spider-Man.”
“You walk in here, together with the most disgusting creature of this kingdom, asking for an Infinity Stone!”
“Are you sure you want to do this? It’s not too late to back out now,” she explains. But Peter shakes his head.
In the end; she had two choices: going out looking like a hobo or looking like a fancy slut. She still wasn’t digging the slutty dress, but she really, really didn’t want to appear in public looking like a homeless person. It was dark-green, like the color of a pine tree. The cleavage was very deep and there were openings to each side of her ribs. Okay, she wasn’t naked or anything, but still…
“These smart arms are controlled by my brain through a neuro-link,” Otto explains while letting the arms dance around a bit above his head. “Nanowires feed directly into my cerebellum, allowing me to use these arms to control the fusion reaction in an environment no human hand could ever.”
“Then why did it happen this way?”
“Wh- why not?
“Where- uh where am I?” the man asks in confusion while rubbing his eyes. He hisses a bit when he accidentally pushes a stone inside instead.
- lots of bodies and dead people
“I love you, Tony. Always.”
take the mask off? He designed it to make it easily breathable, but right now he feels like it’s choking him on the spot.
“Why did you do that?” Felicia sounds confused.
Tony steps out of the car, keeping his glasses close since it’s his only link with his newest Iron Man suit. Locking the car, he gives the hot sun another glare before walking up the stairs. It’s hot – extremely hot. It’s one of the reasons he’s chosen for a white suit instead of a black one.
“Yeah, I recently discovered that in…a …dream?” Was the darkness around her melting? It looked like if Yaël would stretch out her arm to the blackness, she’d be touching a black waterfall in slow-motion. X looked around curiously.
His reflexes tell him to fight. His mind tells him that he’ll fall to his death if he gets himself loose.
excuse to touch
He might be appearing calm all the time, and he tries his damnest hard to appear it, but if he’s completely honest he feels like he’s about to break apart at any moment. Not only did Peter’s small ‘I don’t feel so good’ trigger him in many ways, the idea that whatever’s going on with Peter might have been inevitable is sickening even more.
“Okay, so can I have it?” Please say yes.
You know, Venom, that monster, that parasite, that got his son in such a horrible state that they would need an
Steve frowns. Natasha pulls his hair again. James makes another painful sound.
“Are you okay?” he yelled at her from above, looking at her, panicked. Yaël looked back down and saw her memory-self laying under her, not moving anymore. Yaël tried to swallow away the terror. “That’s not you! You’re clearly still alive, Yaël!” he pulled once more, and she followed him, climbing out of the grave. Once she was out of it the sigh she let out trembled, staring at the two men who were still casually filling up the pit.
needs to get out of here, but now he realizes he can’t just leave like that. He kind of broke up the guy’s marriage, at least even more than it already was. Kind of announced to the whole world that he’s in a relationship with Captain America, which he doesn’t even know if it’s true…
Of course, Peter should have known that Tony would have ulterior motives to bring Peter along with him. That much is clear when he gets the whole tour of the school, along with an elaborated explanation as to what exactly the students can do here. After being shown a few of the examples, Peter crosses his arms and turns to his father.
He gets inside, trying to shake it off. He sees Ned dancing, sees Michelle standing there with him and a few others of the Decathlon team. On the left, there’s Liz and her friends, already dancing. She smiles when she sees him. All Peter does is disappoint her.
Tony was just about ready to start cursing at that point.
“Of course,” Yaël answered dryly, which made Steve raise his eyebrow, not knowing how to react to that.
Peter doesn’t pay too much attention to Flash, finding the guy’s still a dick despite his sudden turn in behavior. Instead, he keeps himself busy with catching up on his favorite shows, patrolling the streets and after a while even missing a few of his classes. Having bought the latest Assassin’s Creed at last (Peter forgot it came out a few months ago), he’s finding himself binge-playing through the entire game.
Tony stays quiet, face falling and all color draining from his cheeks. His mouth has fallen open, and immediately,
“No, it’s okay,” Charles grinned. “Now, I’m going to leave you two alone. I think you both have some catching up to do.” And with that, the professor disappeared. For a second, Peter stared to the spot the man just disappeared from.
Peter sleeps horribly at night. In fact, he stays awake the entire time, his eyes fixed on the ceiling and this strong urge to head out and fight some crime. His head’s a mess, his heart aching in a way, but at the same time lacking the… feeling. He has no clue what’s happening.
Peter looks down at what small bit he can see of his black suit. He then shrugs, not really intending to give it that much of his attention. So his suit is black? So what! Tony’s suits went from red and gold to red and silver for a while! It’s not that big of a deal, right?
After she hung up, she stared at the paper where she just wrote on during the phone call. Great, she had an appointment for tomorrow. Why didn’t that feel like a victory at all? She saw the bottle, that she had put on the table to write the appointment down and took it on her lap again.
“Eddie, don’t do this,” Peter continues. “You don’t know what you’re doing.”
“No, no, that’s not how the game works,” she counters. “You answer my question and then I’ll answer one of yours. I won’t hold back.”
“Of course, tiger,” she says with a wide smile. As she passes him, she puts a hand on his shoulder and gives him a lingering look. After that, she’s inside, taking a few steps into the building before waiting on Peter to guide her. “Am I supposed to follow the noise or are you going to show me the way?”
“I’m sorry, or not really, but there’s
So far, Natasha hasn’t returned. She must be the last person they’re expecting, but Peter doesn’t really know the guests from the tables in the back. When he tries to look up, he’s once again surprised at the amount of people that is present.
“Tony?”
Meditating on it doesn’t help. Neither does making some weird rap-song about which one is better (and to be honest it’s good that nobody was there, then…), nor the diagram or the table he drew about it. To keep it short, he’s stuck with a choice and he’s… eh… just stuck.
“Everything’s pretty much sealed off at Oscorp. Even I don’t have full access to it,” she warns him.
Tony keeps himself from mentioning anything about Connors. It doesn’t help in their situation and it’s unneeded information.
After that whole experience with Venom, and Felicia… Peter’s pretty sure he doesn’t really
Yaël tried to ignore the eyes that were burning in her back, as she looked at the menu, hanging against the wall next to the cash desk. She could swear someone whispered her name.
cold. I think I should just go and get changed,” he says, pointing back towards the forest where his backpack with very dry clothes is waiting for him – hopefully. It wouldn’t be the first time it got stolen, though this time he put it up high enough away, right?
“Hello, Peter,” she says before wrapping him in a strong hug. “You look well.”
“Yeah, sure!” Yaël answered him with a wide smile. Jay Guthrie, aka was a very modest and subdued guy, with probably more talent than her whole class together. Of course she understood he felt more comfortable playing on his own instrument instead of the ones of the class. As Yaël walked to Steve and Charles, someone, from the stream of teenagers trying to get out of the room as quick as possible, bumped into her.
“You’re missing an eye,” Loki answered like the wise-ass he was, answering Thor’s hit with another one.
“Is there any news on your friend, Harry?”
- The Freaking Goblin
“To my room!” he returns.
“That could be possible, yes,” Norman then says. He clears his throat then and loosens his shoulders a bit. “Anyway, I must be getting back. I was on my way home when I saw the lights were on. Can I walk you out?”
Pepper figures out some stuff and has to make a decision.
“Dude, you’re so lucky,” Ned even tells him when they’re on their way to class. Peter doesn’t respond.
Nilla shrugged. “Buried alive in the backyard of the castle, the usual way they deal with traitors.” The most disrespectful way to die on Helvegen. She got buried. Alive. Just like the King had almost done to Yaël. But why would he do that, if the Queen still needed Yaël? Or maybe the King wasn’t really informed about the Queen’s plans?
“Yeah, just let me get changed.” Peter walks up to the front door, using his key to get inside. Johnny follows him back in, still looking at Peter with a confused look. Once in his room, he checks if his hair is not too much of a mess – it is, but it’s useless to try and change that. Then he grabs any sort of nice looking clothing that don’t look too much like Tony Stark bought it for him. He tries to look cool, but not rich.
Chapter warnings
“Mr. Stark?” Peter asks the moment the pants are on as well. He pushes the button, and feels the fabric surround himself once again. It feels extremely comfortable, surely amazing to be able to fight in this, he would think. As the two men continue their discussion together, Peter starts doing some lame battle stances, pretending to throw some punches in the air.
“Wow, thanks,” Yaël answered sarcastically. She really didn’t ask for his help. It was Charles who asked him to ‘help her out a bit with drawing’. But instead of helping her out, Logan just grumpily walked in her territory, smacked the door behind him and immediately started belittling her. It was clear that the man wished he was somewhere else doing something more useful.
“MJ broke up? What happened?” Tony asks, worried.
That must have been because he had been admitted again. He did say something about someone sending him back to the place to get him better once more. They must have shut off all his contact with the outside world.
A pale man with long black hair suddenly appeared from the woods. He looked like an Elf to the little  Yaël too. When he signed her with a friendly smile to come, she climbed off Cem’s lap and started walking towards the man. When she looked back, her mother and father waved at her, looking happy. She chuckled as she waved back and then hopped towards the man.
“You still have the phone?” Steve asks. Peter nods, picking it out of his left pocket and showing it to Steve. The man nods, puts a hand behind Peter’s head and then gives him a kiss on the forehead. Peter can’t react at all, blinking a few times before realizing Steve is no longer standing in front of him.
“He’s HYDRA, and he’s loose. We can’t have him running around like that after everything he’s done,” Steve explains. Tony then sighs and lowers his gaze again.
“Dude, lay off,” Peter slurs out, giving Eddie a shove as well.
“Actually, it was a lot less complicated than it looked,” Peter says, trying not to make too much of a big deal out of it. Mr. Stark raises another eyebrow and then puts the reactor down again.
he doesn’t have to keep it quiet anymore. With the hand that isn’t attached to Aunt May, Peter reaches up towards Mr. Stark to grab his arm in a sudden need for contact, touch. And then the man, his father, responds by taking Peter’s hand into his own. He smiles once he feels a small kiss being pressed against his fingers.
They arrive at the tower in record time. The moment they get to the floor, Tony’s team pull both Peter and MJ along into different rooms (Peter in his bedroom and MJ in the bathroom). Peter hasn’t seen Tony when he came in, but he figures the man is still in his own room, probably changing his clothes or something like that.
He’s interrupted when he’s suddenly grabbed by the shirt and pulled up into the air. Then Flash moves forward until Peter’s back is against the wall. Great, this is exactly what Peter wanted to avoid.
Looking down at the papers he got when he signed up a few days back, he tries to put any meaning in the words.
“Uh, hello, Darcy,” Steve returns hesitantly. Darcy smirks until her teeth are bare, and then she puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
“Really?” Peter asks. He tries to lean forward and catch Johnny sitting next to Reed, but the guy’s not in his seat.
“I do drive sometimes, you know,” he states. In one swift motion, he turns the car around and heads away from the compound, back towards the city. As always, traffic is a nightmare, but that’s why Tony had calculated that he should make the reservations at eight instead of seven. That gives them a full hour to get there, and if they’re early, Tony will just take him out for a walk through Brooklyn.
And it’s impossible to hack the suit. Which means one thing.
- Peter ships it
“Tony, please, calm down,” Steve begs of him. Tony only realizes now that he’s sobbing again, now leaning back against Steve as he stops his struggling. He closes his eyes, but the tears still run freely.
But, then why didn’t it work with the meteor? He should have been warned about that beforehand, shouldn’t he?
The two take the quick elevator upstairs. Once they’re in the penthouse, Peter drops his bag on the ground and takes off his coat and gloves. Ned does the same, putting his stuff on one of the hangers. Then the two boys get into the couch and start up the TV.
“Okay now, Steve, we’ll drop the curtains and you can start preparing for your thing while we have a little chat with your boyfriend here, is that alright?” LL asks. Chrissy, who is still on her spot on the right side of the stage, starts shrieking like a fangirl.
“Steve, do you love Dad?” Peter tries. Steve shifts, giving Peter a surprised look.
“No?” he asks more than he states.
“Hi there! I never really caught your name?” he lies.
“If I fought well,” Yaël countered, “my leg wouldn’t look like a failed attempt at scrambled egg right now. I guess I need more training.”
Preparation takes a while. The music shifts from one song to the other, apparently always playing something from Johnny Cash. By the time Tony’s just about collected everything he needs, he goes to sit down on the stool and pulls off his shirt. Looking down at his chest, he passes his hand over his scar. Not just the one from the arc reactor, but the T-shaped memory of his surgery last year. He takes a deep breath, for a moment missing Steve even more than before.
“No, no I’m fine. It’s all just… Aunt May asked me to be home tonight,” he lies easily. It wouldn’t be fair to Wanda to say that it’s just driving him crazy to stay here when she can’t get out at all. They don’t need to know he’s going to spend his evening doing what he feels is the right thing to do; being Spider-Man.
“You need it more than I do,” he says. “Say, what smells so great here?”
“I ask because people who love each other
“O-okay! I’m making a call as well.” But then the phone falls from his shoulder, on the ground. Peter curses, but he can’t stop the car to pick it back up. Not right now at least.
“I’m, uh, going to give you two a minute,” Happy says, taking a small step back. “I’ll be close behind.”
Where the hell does she get her questions?
Right, Yaël was dreaming, she reminded herself. This wasn’t real. She was curious though… what was the man reading? She stared at the book, hoping that the guy would move his book so she could read the front.
After that, Peter lets go of Tony’s hands and the nurses continue on their way. May quickly turns towards Tony.
“It is if you’re going to create another portal from one planet to another,” Steve mutters with his arms crossed, eyes giving Tony an unimpressed look.
Peter checks on his Dad real quick, just to make sure everything is still alright. Tony assures him that he’s fine. He might have accidentally broken another glass, and Brunnhilde might have thrown hers on the ground yelling for another drink, but other than that everything’s fine.
“People better not film this,” Tony mutters towards him as they walk onto the dance floor. A couple of people are already dancing. Steve once again spots Peter, only this time with Wanda.
Yaël had to rake the leaves, the most braindead job the Thompsons could have given her. Well, no, pulling out the weeds like the previous time was most definitely more braindead. Not that she’d ever complain about certain tasks. She’d just put on her headphones and dig into it.
“I’m glad you’re alright, Peter,” she says. Her light-orange curls fall perfectly over her shoulders, and had she been about Peter’s age, he thinks he would probably have fallen in love on the spot with her. “You  had us worried for a moment, there.”
“It’s nothing, but… clumsy,” Tony assures him.
“Tony, just try,” Steve says next to him. Tony’s left hand is pulled up and suddenly pressed against a pair of lips. He’s confused; why is Steve actually here? Isn’t he supposed to be in Wakanda? He can’t be sitting right next to him, can he? That was just a dream, right?
Right now, there’s no mission. Unless the mission is not getting your ass kicked by the other team. They’re playing some sort of dodgeball, though they’re free to use their powers and gadgets as they please. Who even comes up with these exercises needs to have their head checked, but Peter’s not going to complain. Dodgeball where he gets to use his powers is better than original dodgeball where he’s always getting himself hit as the first one to appear stupid.
And in one hand, he realizes that he might regret this sooner or later, but right now… he can’t really have Tony interfering again. Whatever his reasons are not to want him pursuing this man, he’s severely underestimating Peter’s powers. How does everybody seem to keep on forgetting the Lizard or Electro?
And then there’s nothing but a dialing tone. A tear rolls down Peter’s cheek. Taking a deep breath, he puts the phone aside and pulls up his mask again. He almost expects Happy and him to leave the moment he walks out, but he doesn’t expect the confused look he’s getting from him.
Enjoy!
“What happened?” he asks curiously. Harry snorts and shakes his head. He puts his hands on his stomach, making it go up and down as he breathes.
Yet now the phone is still going off.
“Anyway, I’ll leave you tonight. You just go to sleep, alright?”
“A week from now,” Steve says. “The guys were going to lure you and Peter out there with the false story of another mission, but I don’t really want to keep you in the dark. Besides, Rhodey and Bruce don’t know about it yet, either.”
“I’ll be right there!” he hears in return. Miles closes the fridge again and walks towards the couch. There he takes the remote control and starts up the news. Expecting the latest coverage of the Oscorp break-in, instead he sees it’s a live viewing of a battle between Spider-Man and the Green Goblin. Shit, that guy’s back?
“Oh?” Peter thanked the waiter as he brought him his chocolate milk. Yaël just nodded to the waiter.
“Sure, that would be great,” he returns. Felicia smiles widely, showing bright and practically perfect teeth underneath those lips. Had Peter never met MJ in his life, he would probably have fallen head over heals for this girl. She’s kind of… perfect. “You’ve… been here a while?”
“No, none so far,” Peter answers in defeat.
“I hope you can forgive me and give me a new chance,” he turned to her, arms still on his back.
“Over?” Yaël asks hesitantly. Peter shrugs.
Wanda talks about what she’s been doing in Wakanda; the help she’s been giving Barnes in his psychological recovery the moment he’s been awakened. The mood quickly changes when Wade starts asking about the smooching between her and Vision only an hour ago. Wanda, of course, turns red in the face and insists that it’s nothing.
, his safe haven where he gets to be alone for once in a while. Having
Tony hums in agreement, lifting Steve’s hand towards his lips to press a kiss on his knuckles. With a quick glance to the street name, he memorizes where the festival is so they’ll find it again afterwards.
His phone buzzes in his pants. He quickly dives into his pocket, finding that he has a message from Harry
Steve stays quiet for a moment. Peter swears that he hears a sniff on the other side of the line; is Steve crying?
“He’s the smartest kid in his class,” Tony adds proudly. He’s aware of Peter rolling his eyes in embarrassment, but it’s fun to tease him. After that, Tony clears his throat and turns towards Steve. “Honey, I’m getting drinks, do you want anything?”
Peter snorts again. “Looks alright to me,” he responds.
Peter nods, ignoring the fact that she called him ‘Stark’ instead of Parker. Once they’re outside, he sees May noticing him. He doesn’t stop her when she hurries towards him to listen in as well.
“Yeah, uh… I’m alright.”
“One more? Before I head out,” she tries. Peter nods, taking the box off his bed and sitting down. MJ joins up, pushing him until he’s lying on his back. Then she joins him, holding the camera above their heads and snapping a picture. She takes it out, shakes it two times before putting it on the night stand.
“C’mon, we’re going on a little field trip,” she says. “Take your coat.”
“Peter kind of urged me on to get here,” he admits. Steve chuckles. They don’t get close, keeping a good distance between themselves. Holy shit, it’s just like before they ever got together, always dancing around each other but never acting on it. “Want a drink? It’s without alcohol, don’t worry about my record.”
His phone is ringing. Peter doesn’t pick up, still too annoyed at Tony to have a decent conversation. Right now, he just wants some distraction. Hanging out with Johnny is probably the best way to do that now, he supposes.
But eventually, Christmas comes and goes, and so does the new year. With the new semester starting, Peter realizes that he’s going to have to start from scratch. So, he figures, he might as well just get a complete new slate.
“I’ll ask her. In the meantime you should probably look over those other journals. They could maybe shed some light on that whole DNA-business,” Bruce says, pointing at the box while he starts heading for the door. Right when it slides open, Bruce bumps up against a larger figure.
No, wait, that’s not the right time to think about this.
It could be Peter’s imagination, but just as much as he likes Happy, he knows he’s not the man’s favorite person.
to know if Steve deliberately didn’t tell him about this. If Steve was aware that his parents were, in fact,
Sometimes Steve was confused and tried looking for answers, so Yaël put on documentaries about same-sex marriages or about people coming out for their love. At these moments, Steve was so indulged by all of it, Yaël just did chores while he stared at the screen, frowning, his hands put together in front of his mouth so his thumbs unwittingly scratched his lips and his elbows leaned on his knees.
“FRI, can you let me in?” he asks. There’s no answer. The penthouse is dark, so Peter presses his face against the window and tries to focus a bit.
Of couse, he only needs half to understand what the guy’s on about.
In a sudden moment of panic, Tony throws the book he’s holding to the side, pressing his hands against his forehead. He leans forward in his seat, realizing this his breathing is too fast and too faint.
Peter gets to the living room, confused when he doesn’t see anybody there. The TV is turned off, the pillows of the couch untouched. Peter’s pretty sure he heard Johnny walk around earlier, didn’t he?
But, that’s the thing right there; all he’s created about Peter is just the shell. He sees it in Peter’s nose, and his eyes. He sees it in the small freckles on his cheeks, or in his smile. But that’s about all he’s done to create Peter.
, the title says. Steve feels an immediate wave of anger coming over him. So they’ve spotted him on the way out? That’s exactly what Steve wanted to avoid, damn it.
“What?!” Yaël felt the rhythm of her heartbeat change due to the panic that was streaming in. He stayed very calm under watching her walk around panicky.
“He knows. I know he knows. He doesn’t know that I know, though,” Tony explains casually. “That’s the problem, should I tell him I do?”
Wanda’s frown disappeared as she looked at something behind Yaël. So Yaël turned around and saw Peter trying on the Deadpool-suit, only wearing boxers and socks.
Suddenly, after ten minutes of covering for the story of the explosion, instead comes up a different footage. There’s some sort of web, it seems. Black web. In it, there’s a girl. With dark, reddish hair, and familiar dark skin. Peter’s heart skips a beat when he sees her from even that distance.
“No, I mean your real name, smartass,” Fury then clarifies. Tony clears his throat, looking down.
“Let’s
“I dunno, I just don’t have the time!” Peter admits. “Besides, my
Tony is the last one to get it.
“You’re friends with him? How is he? Everybody keeps on telling me he’s insufferable?” Steve suddenly looked a bit worried.
Still, he knows well enough that this could be a problem for later...
Tony gasps in surprise, and so do the other Avengers. Everybody seems confused about what’s happening. Is Steve seriously kissing him in front of the entire world to see? There are reporters nearby, after all!
“Why would you think there’s anything wrong, Rogers?” Tony asks, bitingly. Steve’s footsteps come closer, and when he sees Peter, his eyes almost close as he glares at him.
Around eight in the evening the day before they have to leave for New Asgard, it’s once again Tony’s turn to look after Peter. Today might have been
“Take it, my child. I insist.”
Bruce is looking none to comfortably at his green and purple – he keeps on wondering why everybody keeps on associating him with purple? – but next to Hilde, who has become his unofficial date in this day, they look like an amazing pair. Hilde has gowns in the colors of her Valkyrie-uniform, but when Steve asks about it, she admits that it’s the way the Valkyries usual dressed up during events. The dress is nothing new, with other words.
“For now, we’ll have to do it without Bruce, but we’ll get him back, for sure,” Steve assures him. “And even if it won’t work right away, Peter will still love you. He didn’t mean what he said, and you know that.”
“That doesn’t defeat the fact that somebody
It’s eight past six.
“Yeah, but-“ Peter starts, before he realizes what he missed. “Oh, right…”
It’s not that Tony doesn’t want to be a father. He’d even been thinking about it with Pepper for a while now. But when he thought he’d have a kid, he’d at least hoped he could get the cute toddler-years along with it. Not that Peter can’t be just as important to Tony as any other kid he would have had with Pepper had it gotten that far, but Tony barely knows anything about the kid.
Peter states. Steve manages to smile after that, though he doesn’t really know why.
Yaël groaned as she heard someone knock on her bedroomdoor. She turned to her other side, away from the door, and kept her eyes shut. But the person knocking on her door was persistent and kept trying to wake her up.
“Right, Coulson,” Tony mumbles. He shouldn’t be too surprised that he’s not dead, he supposes? Not that Tony’s not glad, but the fact that he’s been a live and hasn’t contacted Pepper since then…? She’ll feel angry the moment she hears it.
But Peter doesn’t refuse. He finds it difficult to do that, feeling as if he would be a bad son if he would just head back home and ignoring his invite.
Peter’s third ‘job’ is when a bus full of children suddenly seems to lose control. As the thing seems to be heading towards Stark Industries (what are the odds?), Peter quickly jumps to the rescue and stops the thing with all the power he has, including with what must be over fifty webs to pull the bus back. Once he’s sure that the children are safe – and after some reporter took a picture of him with their grateful little faces, Peter hurries off again. By the time he’s on the roof of some random building, once again changed back into his normal clothes, Peter lies back down and takes a moment to breathe.
“Eurgh, couples are the worst,” she complains. Tony frowns, putting up his hand in a questioning gesture.
Tony gasps in horror. “Steve, you’re insulting me,” he says, putting a hand on his chest. “You’ll have it by tomorrow.”
“No!”
“Uh, sorry,” Tony mutters. He takes Steve’s hand into his own and pulls him back towards the deck. But he can’t get there before Chrissy taps them on the shoulder.
“I didn’t know you were immune to fire?” is the only thing that comes up in his mind. The Cat rolls her eyes, pats his cheek and starts walking forward.
“Ain’t…gonna…happen…” Yaël huffed, still trying to break free from Hela’s grasp. When Thor andBrunnhilde tried to get to Hela, she made spears and threw those at them, so they needed to duck away again.
Johnny has no concept of personal space. He comes up to Peter, hugs him and barely even lets him go while he starts telling him with a large slur how he’s so glad Peter wants to hang out with him, or how he’s just ready to change up his life and make something out of it. Peter tries not to think too much about it.
“Oh, Agostina’s death was an interesting story. She was a traitor! Yes, her death was unavoidable.”
Tony scrapes his throat, scratching the back of his neck after putting the papers down again. It’s then that he finally notices Steve’s wedding ring, golden and round, decorating Steve’s finger. It’s disturbing in many ways, yet Tony can’t seem to keep his eyes off it.
“Interdimensional travel? That sounds extremely dangerous, as in shit we have to clean up afterwards-dangerous,” Steve mutters. Tony smirks.
“Hey, if you get there, tell Pepper Potts I said ‘hi’! If she’s not with Stark anymore, it means I have another chance with her!” Wade calls out, standing in the lake with the water coming up to his hips. Yaël gives Wade a confused look, but all Peter can do is raise an eyebrow at him.
“Are you alright?” Peter asks like the polite boy he is.
“That’s more your thing, I think,” she told him. She leaned forward, pulled his mask back up and kissed him right on the mouth. Peter didn’t push her away, figuring he’s no longer got any reason to do so. “I have my mission,” she then continued.
“He’s Mary’s son,” Tony then says lowly, eyes stinging again from fresh tears. Keep them in!
“You’re not with the scouts,” he states. Ned shrugs.
! I mean, seriously, is it really
“But…?” he asks.
“Shall we play?” she asks, and Tony nods, grateful for the distraction she’s offering.
Tony shifts, groaning as he pulls the covers closer to him.
“About that…” Aunt May starts as she pulls her hand back. Then she makes a slight turn and starts walking forward again, moving to the next panel. Peter frowns as he follows her. “I know I’m the one who told you to go for the internship, and I’m really glad you’re trying to make things better again.”
“You sound like a dad, Steve,” Yaël grinned at him. Well, she surely hoped Steve was open-minded about kids. If he’d be with that Stark-guy, he’d have to accept Peter too. Not that Tony knew that Peter was his son… yet.
. Because I wouldn’t want you any other way.”
“Yeah, but Peter Parker and Peter Stark are two completely different beings,” Peter counters. MJ pulls her hand back, letting out a sigh.
“It’s really beautiful,” Steve explains. “I actually took some pictures, if you want to see them?”
It’s probably better to just ignore it, then.
much, for bringing him back,” Peter says, squeezing his father a little tighter until the man lets out a shaky breath.
Steve, too, came by a few times. Sometimes he stayed for the night, sometimes he didn’t. Sometimes he was happy and talked a lot and his life seemed to be fun, though sometimes he looked exhausted, emotionally melted by things Tony did or said. Now, Yaël tried to be neutral about that Tony-dude, for Steve, even though Stark didn’t like her somehow, but every time Steve came over to talk about him, Yaël felt more and more sorry for the billionaire. He seemed to have a hard time, not that Steve gave her any details, but it appeared Steve really tried to take care of Stark and that happened to be an incredible tough job.
“Yaël, open your eyes!” he yelled.
Peter tries not to react too much at the idea of Pepper calling him ‘honey’. He’s already getting close to calling her Aunt as well. Just like with Nat.
want to get to know him. I want to know who he is before I come sending him an ‘it’s a boy!’ card, you see?” Peter answered. Yaël nodded, while she saw Wade walking up to the pond and started throwing crumbs to the ducks. As soon as the ducks noticed him, they swim up to him, happily quacking and diving for the bread. Wade just became the god of the duckies.
that gets hurt. It’s the people around him. In the background, he can hear the guard cracking his knuckles. Peter tries to dim away the sound, not really enjoying the sound of bones cracking. He’s heard enough of that, already.
“For dancing a bit dressed like a girl?” he asks.
The doctors insist on examining him as well, and eventually they give him a mitella to support his arm, not move his shoulder too much. Apparently, he hurt it pretty much as well, though he can’t really feel it right now.
“Wait, so, if I understand this correctly, I lived in a country where all people could steer the elements?”
Peter rolls his eyes, looking up at the ceiling. Even that remark is irritating him! Why does he have so little patience today? Everybody should just go fuck themselves, that’s what Peter’s thinking.
Yaël jumped up again and before those dehydrated guards even had the chance to faint and crash down, she had already made a long whip from the water she had gained. The flabbergasted guards got wacked around, like they were toys. Some of them still tried to shoot at her, others tried to run away, but she smoothly dodged the bullets, whacked the whip around the guards, one by one, and smashed them against the walls.
Peter shakes his head wildly to get the thought out again. He
“How did Hela, daughter of Odin, end up on Helvegen, one of the smallest planets?”
“Will it be Iron Man?” LL asks. The cheers are just as loud.
Yaël sighed. “That guy must be crazy. He doesn’t know who you are, he could send that boy into his death by forcing him to deliver for you.” Wade didn’t react to that, so Yaël stopped staring at the city lights and turned to her supposed babysit.
surprise him is Steve pulling his hand away from his chest. That’s when Tony realizes he’s been rubbing his scar once again. He always seems to do that when he gets nervous, according to Steve.
, his mind tells him, and he knows exactly which one. The Soul stone. Who-ever’s been stalling Thanos probably offered the stone in return for Peter’s safety. This person is Tony’s hero from now on.
"Language," Steve said dryly as he reached his hand to her to help her up. Yaël took his hand and stumbled back to her feet. "What were you doing?" he asked her with a firm face.
“I don’t-“
Chapter warnings:
“Shall we?” Thor asked.
Best to just put the phone down, he realizes. Peter is not going to like him going through his stuff. Tony sighs and lets it go, finally heading to the kitchenette and preparing the hot Coco.
Thor shrugs, then. “Love is often unpredictable,” he explains. “I had not seen Jane for a whole year after that fight. Look at us now.”
“Yeah I’m fine, just… got some weird news today that I still have to process,” Peter says. Tony nods slightly and leans back against his desk.
Then he raises his other fist, preparing himself to throw a punch. Tony shouts, tears in his eyes already forming. He’ll be too late! He won’t get there in time! But then the fist stops midair. Thanos’ head turns to the side, as if he’s being spoken to. Tony can’t see who it is. Whoever it is, he’s fucking grateful for buying them time.
“Okay, let’s just agree not to tell your dad about this, all right? We don’t need him freaking out over this,” Rhodey suggests. Peter nods while rubbing his forehead, cursing himself for losing control like this yesterday. It’s also then that he realizes his ribs don’t hurt anymore. See, Tony had been worried over nothing… again…
The lights on the ceiling of the passage flashed in the windows of the cells as Yaël walked passed them. Again, Yaël scanned her card and waited for the light to turn green.
him that this was stupid. His mind reminded him of this as well. His freaking heart just needed to have closure with his best friend.
And Tony has a near-perfect family waiting for him on the other side of this portal.
“You know… that alternate universe I’m trying to get back to? Only for me this is the alternate universe, and you’re the alternate Steve, who is apparently marr- who the hell did you even get married to?”
“Peter was there when the Green Goblin killed his girlfriend, Gwen,” Tony starts. “He tried to keep his distance from her because he knew she would follow him everywhere otherwise. And in the end she did. He kept on blaming himself for it. He had nightmares about the whole thing for months. Once he almost broke another intern’s arm back at the tower because he had a panic attack.”
Bruce, too, gets up. “Yeah, I should leave you two alone, as well,” he says. “Don’t- just take it slow, guys, okay?”
Steve sighs, putting down his sketchbook and instead grabbing the remote control to go through the channels for a little bit. Peter observes him for a few seconds, trying to figure out if there’s something actually wrong with him.
- Peter meeting new people
, rather than Iron Man. He remembers telling Steve that he was thinking of cutting down on the action – not completely, but just a little bit. Steve had respected his decision, and even stepped back from his role as the leader of the team. Now, the current team of Avengers is being led by Carol, who is doing a marvelous job at it, pun absolutely intended.
“- from a time where this all isn’t just considered normal. He’s been struggling the entire time about it all, Tony. He just doesn’t want to show it.”
“Oh.” Thor blinked, obviously not knowing what to say as everything that came out of Korg’s mouth always sounded like it was no big deal.
Tony nods. “Good, that’s good,” he mutters out. “Tell me if anything happens, okay?”
When she looked up, she saw that one of the curtains was on fire.
“So you’re part of the royal family, then?”
And now here he is; with the envelope still in his hands, sitting on his bed. One part of him only wished Mr. Stark had read the file, had asked questions, and that Peter would have spilled the beans. But the other part of him is glad; if Peter would have come there, asking for a scholarship and at the same time revealing that he’s his son, the man wouldn’t have believed him at all.
I still feel like I'm forgetting a lot of things. If that's the case, don't be afraid to point them out so I can make sure to round everything up in the following few chapters.
- Tony dealing with his problems the wrong way
Mr. Stark points towards his chair, and Peter swallows before nodding. Then he sits down on his assigned seat, remembering how comfortable the chair had been last time, too. This is certainly a chair he could get used to, he figures.
“Shit, the way you were with those kids was just
“Tony, you’re going first, is that alright?” Tony nods. “Then it’s Steve, and we’ll finish with Peter.”
It says nothing more. Tony hesitates a bit before reaching out for the mouse, and then he starts moving it around to check if it still works. When he cursor on the screen moves, he lets out a triumphant sound.
“Will you invite Steve, too?” he then asks. Tony’s smile disappears again.
While jumping to pull up her pants, she stumbled over her alarm clock. How much time did she have left before she had to leave for work? Oh, it was around seven am, so she still had an hour, good!
She let go of his hair, but kept laying on the comfortable spot called Parker’s legs. Her thoughts fluttered to another place. “What were you crying for before I came in?” she asked. Peter didn’t answer immediately, so Yaël assumed he was sleeping.
was stored away until we knew how to deal with it!”
There will be two versions of this thing; this one will be with the fantastic four. The second one will feature the X-Men, though it will appear later.
“That’ll be all, Mr. Parker,” Mr. Stark then says. Peter nods shortly before pulling all his stuff back together. The papers he can’t lose he keeps in his hands, with the idea of getting all of this in order with the receptionist downstairs.
“Tomorrow, six p.m.,
Speaking of Tony, Steve taps him on the shoulder.
“I’ve never really done a car chase before! Only careful driving! This is insane!” Peter shouts. With all the movements, he accidentally pressed the red button on the flip phone. The call never got through. “Have you gotten through to Happy yet?”
“It’s no longer on you?” Peter asks. Felicia shakes her head.
“Peter, hurry up! We’re going to have to leave soon!”
“Hold on, Steve, I’m just curious, is all,” Tony says with a smirk.
As Peter is hanging there in the air, he quickly thinks back of his phone-call with Mr. Stark. However short it had been, Peter could have sworn it sounded like the guy was flying. Is it possible that he was in pursuit for the Goblin, and tried to get Peter away from the roof to make sure he was safe?
“You see? You’re never going to find out, just drop it now,” Natasha warns them.
“Let’s not fool anybody here, Peter. I know who you are. I’ve seen your blood before, and I recognized it immediately when I saw it again,” she says calmly. Peter bites on his lower lip, wondering if he should run away from this room. “I needed to do some more testing for the blood transfusion we had to give you during surgery. That, and the anesthesia wore off too fast. That was indication enough that you weren’t exactly
Peter jumps up from the couch. He hurries after her, ignoring the shoe-stain he already made on the leather by doing so.
He can’t describe the horror he feels when, all of the sudden, he takes Peter by the face and turns his neck around. Tony can’t literally hear the crack, but he imagines it all too well. Both him and Steve stand still, breathless, as they watch Peter’s lifeless body fall down on the ground.
“Everything is going to be okay.” Tony soothed as Steve cried.
“I can speak Spanish, French, Japanese, Russian, Dari, Hungarian, German,and Italian as well as English. In fact Italian is my first language.”
“Have I ever told you I dated Martin Freeman.” He announced and immediately felt Steve stiffen up against him and removed his arm.
“Can you explain what the flag represents, I can guess that you’re part of queer community but I want it more fully explained.”
“We don’t need to hear about your past conquests, Tony.” Bruce sighed. Tony still confused by Steve’s reaction had to ask
“Tony.” His voice was gentle but firm “Is there something you’d like to tell me.” Tony had squeezed his eyes shut, he wouldn’t look at his pitying face.
“I called Happy.” He shrugged “It’s not big enough to call the suit and he’s technically still my bodyguard.” Happy Hogan emerged from the car and the woman obviously recognized him as she looked back at Steve and Tony with a shocked look on her face.
“This
“I know that gay marriage might be legal but that doesn’t mean you need to make a statement.” Tony pulled up ready for a rant, but Steve pulled him closer.
“Okay, first things first. It’s not illegal for me to be in a romantic relationship with a man, it’s not considered an illness, and same sex marriage has been legal in New York for almost 2 years now.” Steve was staring at him with an open mouth. “Next, I identify as Bisexual. I like girls and guys. If I like you, and you’re gorgeous, why should your sex matter.” Steve was shaking and starting to turn white.
“Steve, while your reaction wasn’t the best, it’s understandable for when you grew up, as long as you don’t have a problem with me.” Steve leaned towards him.
“So what do you do besides being Captaining and your art.” Steve blushed
“I’m sorry,” Steve started shaking with tears in his eyes. Tony put his arms around Steve, and Steve buried his face in his neck.
The tenth time Steve asked him on a date and the world continued to spin on.
“For calling happy for standing up for us.”
“At least the Capsicle gets it. Several straight Pride parades had the goal of preventing us queers from using public spaces for gatherings.”
“It’s been almost completely proven that the verse in the bible that says ‘Man shall not lay with man’ is a mistranslation caused by the holy books being translated into from Hebrew to Latin and then to English. Latin doesn’t have a word for ‘boy.' it’s most probably against pedophilia instead of homosexuality, or a loving relationship between two men or women.” She looked at him. “Of course I don’t really believe in the Bible, but you do. Love isn’t wrong Steve.” She smiled at him fiercely. “If you make Tony feel like a freak or hurt him in any way I will slit your throat in your sleep.” Steve seemed to snap out of his shock.
“That’s terrible, that’s like asking why there’s no white history month to go with balck history month.” Tony gestured to him with his coffee
“Can you get me an Advil, Spangles.” It was a request but Steve followed it like it was an order. He got Tony two advil and a glass of water and put it down infront where he had crossed his arms on the table and hidden his face in them.
“Stark has a major crush on you, either turn him down or fuck already.”
“Who’s Ana?” Tony blinked at him, pulling closer.
“You look wonderful in whatever you wear. Can I ask about the flag?” Tony pulled the flag from his shoulders and shook it out to get rid of nonexistent dust.
“You got a problem with me dating a guy in the past.” Steve looked uncomfortable with the conversation and even about being here.
“He means that it’s a way to shame the Queer community. The idea of Straight pride is from the 1980’s it’s meant to say that if the gays get to celebrate why don’t the straights.” Natasha flipped down from the ceiling surprising Steve but Tony just seemed used to her.
“Oh yes.” Natasha said wickedly. Her work here was done, as Steve and Tony left the kitchen hand in hand.
Tony took a deep breath and turned back to Steve.
“Statement Mam’? I wasn’t aware that holding hands with my boyfriend was a statement.” Tony blushed both at Steve calling him his boyfriend and at the pure innocence in his voice that meant that he was about to do something not innocent at all.
“Can it Legolas.” Tony was tired and upset and Natasha seemed to have realized something was wrong as he turned back to Steve.
“Sure Captain Handsome, you know I’d never turn down a kiss from you.” Tony tried to make it seem like he was joking but it came out much too honest if the somewhat pitying look Bruce was sending him. Steve looked slightly taken aback.
“ Movie Night’s over.” she called to the kitchen. Clint joined her with a bag of Doritos in his hands, and they headed to the elevator to go down to their floor.
“YES!!” Tony was still jittery. “I’ll plan the perfect outfit!” Steve glanced at his dress and flag
It was Natasha’s turn to try to speak to Steve.
“I’m taking you up to bed.” Tony wriggled his eyebrows ridiculously.
The second time Tony came in wearing both heels and bright red lipstick that reminded him of Peggy. His mind wandered back to her.
“Jarvis turn  the movie off.” The screen went dark and the lights went up
“Oh, I forgot you don’t know.” Steve looked away embarrassed. “It’s okay. Ana and Edwin Jarvis helped my mother raise me, well more like my mother helped them raise me.”
“It’s a genderqueer flag Captain.” Steve looked confused so Tony continued “I don’t feel the term man really covers who I am. I not a man really but I’m a woman either, I’m genderqueer.” Steve seems to catch on
“Steve.” Bruce drew his attention back to him. “You just told Tony that his sexuality was wrong, straight to his face.” Steve flushed and then paled.
“The Hobbit!” Steve perked up, “I read that book before the ice, Buck got me a copy for my 22nd birthday the year after it came out.” The smile on his face was blinding and gorgeous, Tony couldn’t be the only one that thought that.
“Yeah, it’s pride month. I’m going to the Brooklyn pride parade later this month, would you like to join me?” Tony looked at him
“Really. Really.” he confirmed, and for the first time in a long time he believed it really would be.
“For what?”
“What’s the point of the heterosexual pride flag?” Steve is incredulous “I understand gay pride, trans pride, bi pride but why straight pride?”
“Science!” Steve laughed softly, that was such a Tony answer.
“Oh Captain.” Steve blushed
“I’d like to learn more about how that effects you and what I can do to help.” Steve was too damn nice.
“To sleep, genius, and tomorrow you can tell me more about how horrible the gala was.”
“And the makeup and skirts and other accessories. It’s a chance to be me.” Tony shrugged
“If what Natasha said is true,” he waited
“I don’t have a problem with you.” Steve inhaled shakily, “I grew up in Brooklyn, in a poor, immigrant, prominently queer neighborhood. I’ve even had feelings for a few fellas myself.” Tony is surprised that Steve is opening up to him about this, he’s even more surprised that he might have a chance after all if Steve isn’t as straight as he thought. “I shouldn’t have reacted that way, I just blocked it out, I was a first generation , Irish immigrant, I didn’t want to stand out even more for being a fairy.” Tony winced
“What’a ya need, boss? You’re only 5 minutes from the tower.” Happy looked at the woman suspiciously
“IT’S PRIDE MONTH!!!.” Steve looked up at Tony with a slightly confused smile.
“Thank God,” Steve breathed. Tony looked up at him sharply. “I’d like to take you out for dinner sometime, as a date.” Tony opened his mouth
“Yep. Got it in one.” Tony smiled thinking of his A.I.
“You stood up for us too.”
“We are perfectly normal and Love is love, I don’t need to listen to someone telling us otherwise. Cease and desist or I will sue the stick right out of your butt.” Tony was clipped about this, It was one subject that wasn’t up for debate.
“Thank you for telling me.” Steve was confused, why did Natasha feel the need to ask Tony his pronouns
“You’ve got a soft heart Tony.” Tony sputtered
“You know about my art? Wait of course you do, you have cameras all over.” Tony blushed
“He/Him is fine.” She smiled at him. “Thank you for asking.”
“I need to talk to Steve, “ he jerked his head to the side, “alone.” Bruce raised himself from the chair and left the room after gently squeezing Tony's shoulder.
