He touched his grace like a sore tooth, probing at it warily, and finding it horrifyingly low. Uriel could not fix it, but returning to Heaven would have replenished his grace. Castiel did not want that. He would be caught, trapped, and forced to stay away from Dean. He shuddered at the thought and bit his lip. What should he do to protect his Basherter? What could he do?
. Hopefully his arousal wasn’t evident to the man.
And then there was a grunt and thump as Sam landed in a crumpled heap next to him.
He watched the woods, praying Cas still wanted him.
It was literally one examination room and an area in the back for autopsies if needed. At least the doctor had a proper refrigeration unit set up, just in case.
It should be bottled and sold as just Pure Sin, Castiel thought giddily. He wondered if he was about to be struck blind like St. Paul, because he was definitely having a revelation, albeit an unpleasant one.
Dean glared at her, and reached towards the sword, counting on Gabe being equally pissed. The sword practically flew to his hand and, even better, grew into a bigger sword of at least 60-inches long and three inches wide. Somewhere in his mind, the fox tail whispered, “Ōdachi, the great sword.”
Bobby smacked him upside the head as he went to refill his coffee. “Idjit,” he muttered. “Castiel is here to help your dumb, clumsy ass. At least respect him a little.”
you today, and it had nothing to really do with that Omega,” Lucifer warned. “Seriously, if he goes feral, you're right:
A stubborn expression flitted over Stuart’s face, and Castiel settled back into his seat and stifled yet another sigh. Even though he had stepped down and away from the Pack-lead position, it was not a decision many of the clan agreed with. It was an old sore point that was constantly revisited by everyone around him.
The delicate scent of caramel apples tickled his nose even stronger by being trapped in the room, the aroma as crisp as the October day he had met Dean as Michael and Dean turned toward the siblings. The desire in his belly flamed up, and Castiel turned on his heel and gripped the Queen Anne cherry wood side table behind them, trying to ignore the hot possessive anger that bubbled in his chest and the Alpha in his head that was howling bloody murder.
Dean was fairly sure Michael was pouting on the other end before breathing out, “Okay fine. Get a pen.”
“What the hell am I playing at,” he murmured.
He takes a sip, clears his throat, and rasps, “Heya, Sammy.”
He quickly downs the alcohol with a gasp and signals Meg to bring him another while the overhead lights began to settle and Gabe wanders out in front of the curtains, grinning as the spotlight hits him in his penguin suit.
kinda want to see Cassy lose his shit.”
It was like watching a child switch from a ‘I-dunno-about-this’ face to ‘OMG-CANDY’ face.
Tonight, he slows his drinking, waiting to see the singer who has come to calm his heart.
Turns out the poor saps in the tenement were two brothers and a sister from Michigan trying to make it in the Big City.
Cas pulls him in gently by his overcoat with his free hand and gives him a chaste kiss on the lips that still manages to get Dean’s sex drive going from Neutral to Third Gear in nearly no time at all.
He stomped into his room and slammed the door.
(To clarify my take in the story: I played with this. Technically, Cas started out human and, as he lost power, he should revert to human,
Joshua tutted. “I imagine so. Go on. Go lock yourself in. I’ll handle things.”
Of course, Dean fought them all. Usually, he won, but sometimes there were too many. Sometimes they got a good shot in and he was down and at their mercy. He tried not to think about those times too often, but it did, he’d admit, contribute to his disbelief in God.
Dean turned to look, and the receptionist was peering at him from around his huge Mac desktop monitor at the over-sized desk, his blue eyes questioning.
Dean pointed at the raven. “He got huge last night. Like
Well, he’d worry about it when the bird started a mating dance around the kid.
He had to get away and think. He was useless like this. Worse than that, he was
Bobby blinked and nodded, and said some more stuff in a language Dean didn’t understand, until Dean snapped, “Wait, wait, wait… what language are you even speaking in?”
There are probably two more chapters to this. MAYBE just one, but I suspect two.
Missouri dropped a kiss on his trembling crown and whispered comfortingly, “God has plans for us all, Sam. He has plans to make Dean happy, even if those two can’t see it. But you’ll see. It’ll turn out okay.”
“Temperature-wise, I am the same,” he stated, bracing his hands on either side of Dean’s head and leaning over him for a slow kiss. Dean pulled him in closer and wrapped his arms around him. “What won’t change is how I feel about you.”
“Get your massive mitts off me, you big girl,” he snapped, pushing his brother off. “I feel fine.”
Both boys stared at him laughing, and he coughed and huffed himself to a stop. “Sorry,” he chuckled, wiping at his mouth, “But you two remind me of my older brothers. They were always wrestling and pranking each other.”
A/N: Koi hibernate. Who knew?
I’m going to leave you. Now, scoot. To the table.” Dean swatted Cas on the ass to help propel him forward, which he did move, albeit slowly and with great malcontent.
Dean’s sure if he didn't feel like a long stretch of torn up road, he'd have a stiff dick to deal with too.
“I see.” They seemed to just accept it, when Benny again woged in front of them, shuddering when he met Dean’s eyes, but looking to Cas for his woge.
, and he had accidentally clung to Michael while trying not to do that in front of everyone.
“I see you know who I’m talking about.”
Joshua stopped and slowly looked over at the two boys and then at Castiel, his dark eyes narrowing. “Are...you making lunch?”
John had doubled Dean’s training regimen, forced him into isolation, and put him on birth control. He refused to have his son, his
Dark brown eyes like her mother’s, framed with long, black lashes, twinkled mischievously at them, but what came out of her mouth was, “Yes, momma.”
It was alarming. Castiel rarely was in his regular bird form, keeping to his larger body until he needed to change, and the transformation seemed to be taking a lot of out him, if the short gasps and the staggering when he walked was any indication.
man...but having his foster sons’ door opened by a complete and
So, at 5pm, they again met at Bobby’s house for a finale battle meeting and, possibly, a final meal.
Cas bounced up and down like he had personally gotten one over on Dean and, leaning into Dean’s personal space, whispered, “Respect me.” Before flying off into the library cackling.
Dean shoved Michael off, subconsciously swiping at his lips, and beyond angry about the violation.
“They’re just following orders,” he sighed, removing his hand. “You can’t get mad at them for that.”
in a way that also made him uncomfortable. Like it was a stolen bit of happiness he shouldn’t be carrying off with him into the rest of the week.
“I— I need Cas,” he pleaded. “Where is he?”
Laughing, Dean let his little brother tackle him away from the table and they rolled around on the floor until Sam was pinned and they were both laughing hard.
"Then you
. Sam had
"I got something but I don't know if it's a weapon." He held up his right palm and the two Chinese characters were very dark against the pale skin.
Dean starts planning as he walks home, whistling into the New York night.
“Our father is out of town,” Dean said curtly. “I’m responsible for Sam.”
“Are you sure they were Wesen?”
It was while Castiel was staring at the pale ceiling of his room in the middle of the night that it occurred to him he should call Michael. Michael...had resources he did not.
Dean was Dean.
Abram grinned. “But you have your bride right here, don’t you?”
“Your bad luck,” he grumbled, his luminescent eyes dimmer with sadness. Cas turned on the water and made sure it was cool. He then pulled Dean’s hand over, and into the water. Dean watched Cas catch himself cooing piteously as he wiped over the cut with his feathers, sweeping his healing energy into Dean, and felt the heat from his bird blush from standing so closely.
Gabe scrutinized Dean’s face for a long moment, making Dean squirm a bit (bonus), but in the end he said, “It’s not my secret to tell. You’re going to have to talk to Cassie.”
He poured the packet of cocoa mix into a mug and stirred in the water. “There are many, many priests out there who fail. They fall in love, they have sex, they are addicted to drugs or alcohol, they do bad things…” He paused in his stirring for a moment, back still to Sam. “They are simply unable to hold out against temptation and they fall.”
Bobby huffed out a laugh. “Closest one is Colorado. We ain’t exactly got time for a 10-hour trip out west.”
He grinned as he watched Dean clean out the fireplace and add more tinder, kindling, and logs. “You round with my child sounds incredibly sexy.”
Bobby sat back in his desk chair, expression contemplative, and rubbed his jaw. Dean asked, “You sure? Cuz the way you say it, it doesn’t
ART 1:
Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Dean stared at his hand where Cas had pecked him.
Gabriel shifted his golden gaze to Castiel and said, “Sorry, kiddo. No can do. A time for all things and all that jazz.”
There was a snort somewhere to their collective left and a tiny fox was sitting on the desk, its tail briskly wagging back and forth.
She shut her eyes and shook her head at the ceiling like she was praying for his soul because the Lord apparently knew Dean was hopeless. He was sure Missouri reminded Him often enough.
“Thanks, Franky! Appreciate that!”
Dean swiped up the last of his egg yolk with his toast and chewed at the bird. “So, what you’re trying to tell me,” he said through the toast in his mouth, “is that you and I have a profound bond? And that you’re going to protect me with your energy or something?”
Disbelief did not begin to cover what Castiel was feeling. The once-spacious room was now small and confining, and Castiel had to stop himself from reaching up to yank his collar off and loosen a button, his breath coming in small, panicked pants.
“I asked Tamara if she would leave them with me,” Cas explains as he puts on his own overcoat, a tan trench coat that fits him a bit big. He's still wearing his stage outfit, though, and it looks even better up close. The double-breasted waistcoat with bright silver buttons cinches in tightly and before the suit jacket and trench coat, Dean is pretty certain that his hands would fit perfectly right there…
Again, the sickle sliced through the hair, the mass falling like limbs, and becoming ash after landing on the concrete with a heavy thump. Again, there was an agonized howl from the creature as she realized her prey had gotten away. “Why are you trying to stop me!”
Because Cas, his snarky little bird man, was human.
Maybe… maybe he
“What is this?” Dean stared at the label, but the name of the drug was like a bunch of weird consonants with a slew of ‘Is’ thrown in and a couple of ‘Ys.’ There was no way he was going to be able to pronounce it.
Dean tried to interrupt, but Cas put out a hand to stop him. “
! It’s a meat
Jake just smiled serenely at him, eyed the screen where the orders popped up, and poured out four top-shelf bourbons, an ounce of Slick #34, and placed them on the tray.
Sam had epically failed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Groaning, Dean muttered, “Why is this my life?”
like he had been in a hit and run with a speedy Zamboni. The place indeed smelled like deep, rich earth, growing things, and a quick glance around reinforced the idea: the violet LED lighting, the heat, the number of plants that smelled edible… he was in a greenhouse.
A few of the pairs of hunters sent to find and possibly erase the grounding sigils were suddenly AWOL, and could not be hailed on their phones, nor did the GPS on them work.
Being
Castiel felt the pressure revving up behind his eyes. “Ask him for help. Ask him for the weapon.”
Pureblood Omegas are strong-willed as hell. They have the physical strength to take on 2nd and 3rd level alphas, so they do whatever they want. They are not easily claimed (or sold off), so alphas need to win them or be their true mate. That is a one-in-a-million shot, though, so the few pureblood Omegas in the world run their own businesses and compete with the big boys. They give no shits about societal norms for the most part, but tend to be treated like society's darling. They are able to produce pureblood and second-level off-spring, possibly as many as six to a pregnancy, although they typically have triplets. IF you can mate them.
Dean’s dick takes a bit more interest than it should when eyeing a man, even a gorgeous one like this. He tries to calm it down, but it’s making itself uncomfortably known in his trousers.
Sam nodded sadly and bent back over the history book he was studying. He was trying to get ahead of the projects by doing research for his AP History class. He knew he’d have a paper due, and he wanted to make sure he wasn’t dying when he had to write it up.
), and, just to make him uncomfortable, stated, “I don’t need your permission,
His little brother, on the other hand, was a fan.
Although he had returned early, Sam was already in bed, so Dean showered with scent blockers, took his suppressants and oral scent blockers, and prayed that by morning he didn’t smell as rank.
a magical-girl under all those feathers!” Dean chuckled and reached out to stroke the raven on the chest with a finger, making Cas squirm and slide away, the aura of embarrassment in full force.
He was taken to a full wing of the building (a freaking
He rubbed the bite under his shirt, scowling at the heated throb it gave him. He was lucky he healed quicker than most Omegas or Sam was going to notice the bruise for sure.
“What the actual fuck?!?” He sputtered, squinting at the fucker who had essentially sucker punched him. It was the bitch from the football stadium. Rubbing his cheek, he grumbled, “Oh it’s you again. What the hell, lady?”
As he came downstairs, he could smell chocolate, bacon, and coffee. He padded into the kitchen, where, sure enough, Dean had just finished making pancakes and bacon. He was standing over the pans in a forest green Henley with a black tshirt underneath. Later, he’d probably add a sweater or flannel. He was also suspiciously wearing his “worship this ass” jeans.
Thank fuck that was over.
The woman sighed heavily and soothingly said, “Look, you just need to suffer through this tonight. You represent more than your uncouth self. You are representing Mr. Novak’s position in the company!”
------------------------------------------------
to boot. Of
And that's what led him here to SWEETIES, one of the better jazz joints in his neighborhood.
Both Bobby and Dean blinked, having missed the fact that the bird was speaking English. Well, that was all Dean ever heard, so it didn’t surprise him, but Bobby looked impressed.
Castiel smirked. “Gabriel has been exposed for the last hundred years to American customs and ways. And, he’s a TV addict. That’s why he looks and acts like that.”
Castiel looked up into the mirror, his incisors lengthened by his perceived threat, ready to rend Michael,
Bad bootleg liquor is still a worry in post-Prohibition days, where cheap, shady gin mills are still serving illegal bathtub leftovers that kill the liver and leave people blind for the cost of pennies. Years after Repeal and people were still making money off the poverty of others. Making a profit off the stupidity of the land and those poor dumb mugs reaping the death that they sowed from drinking toxic swill.
“Ow! God damn it, cut that out! I’m moving!”
“Why would she do that?”
It was nearly twenty minutes later that he heard loud, Russian arguing outside the house. He had picked up a fishing magazine that the guys had lying about, and reading about fishing in the Anchor River. He had never tried fly fishing, and he was curious about it.
Dean sighed again. “Can...can you do that for me, Cas? Pop over to the hospital in Homer and find the transplant list?”
Father Castiel meets the Omega of his worst nightmares.
November slowly started to fade into December, Dean felt panic start to raise its ugly head that, one, he hadn’t found a new job, and two, he was dipping into his savings to cover rent. There was no sign of Cas coming back either, which was really depressing, although he tried not to show it. Worst of all, his sense of smell hadn’t returned, but at least the stench of
. The world was overrun with betas, since they were the most average of the sex assignations, easiest to give birth to, easiest to live with.
“No, she’s meeting them in Chicago.” Michael wiped his hand on his cloth napkin and stared at Castiel with a near-copy of father’s eyes, just a couple shades paler than Castiel’s and Charles’s.
, but used his anger to pull the weapon up and towards himself, forcing the blade higher, and slicing through the old man’s head with a clean swipe, splitting it in two. The wheel’s momentum, however, kept it moving, and it crashed into some nearby trash cans, disappearing into a pile of ash. It all happened in a flash, and Dean stretched out his arms and let the goop to just drip off his clothes, curling his lip at how gross he felt. He suddenly empathized with Dr. Venkman when he got slimed. He smirked and said, “He slimed me.”
Not that it matters in the long run, as Dean can’t keep his mind off the fine-figured singer at SWEETIES, and regardless of his intentions, his feet head him in that direction after work.
Bobby sipped his coffee and said, “I’ll do it. You and Castiel here need to get that ceremony done.”
“You will be mine,” he growled, his hand a vise.
It was huge, with at least three large deluxe boxes in it. He peeked in and actually goggled because it was from one of the most expensive shops in Kansas City, known for their use of ridiculously exotic ingredients. He picked up on of the boxes and his mouth started to water. It contained champagne truffles wrapped in gold.
Joshua noted that, even if he was being verbally defensive, a blush had colored his cheeks, while a faintly confused scowl curled his brow. His body was stiff, angry, and his scent was muddled, like he wasn’t sure how to react and he didn’t like it.
He heard Bobby sigh and retake his seat, the sound of his slurping making Dean reopen his eyes and look over. Bobby slowly said, “A baku is technically from China, but from what I understand from my research, they were hunted nearly to extinction because having a baku pelt was good luck and kept away bad dreams.”
“Well, what do we do then.” Cas nodded towards the pixies’ colony.
Lucifer shook his head. “Now, now, Gabe. Leave him be. He’s just discovered he has a working dick. He must be in shock.”
He watched it fly out, a black cloud of what looked like gnats that swirled around the room before a dark and raspy voice snapped, “NOMAKU SANMANDA BAZARADAN SENDA MAKAROSHADA SOWATAYA UN TARATA KANMAN!”
The young boy, who had been watching passively, sighed heavily and stood up. His sandwich was, at least, half eaten, and he looked sadly at the other half.
After Castiel had told the twins about Dean, Lucifer had hummed and seemed to sink into thought, but Gabriel had immediately started grinning slyly and nudging him knowingly.
He quirks a smile while Dean sputters, “Th–then why didn't you say something?”
Dean blinked at the abrupt departure, the world coming back into focus as he realized people were talking loudly and a few people had fainted dead away when confronted with the stench of pureblood anger. Even Michael had not received much attention as a
“You don’t think anything will come of it,” Sam surmised.
“Bobby, please do that.” Dean jerked his thumb back towards Sam, Cas, and Gabe. “I have these guys with me, and whatever else Akira is cooking up.”
She constantly drank coffee, despite her ‘spiritual being’ suffering from the dosing, but she shrugged off any funny looks she received with, “Better that than everyone suffer from my hella bad mood.”
“They are my ancestors,” Akira said, still leaning heavily on Sam and finally getting a bit of color into her face. “They are technically shikigami, or summoned spirits who will fight for me.”
It wasn’t surprising Michael had taken it so hard. By 26, Michael had grown up expecting to take the Pack-leadership since none of his siblings had presented as a pureblood Alpha. Hael was a Beta. The twins were Omegas. So Michael had been feeling secure as the only Alpha offspring, even if he was just a second-level.
Regardless, going out with just Gabe and leaving Cas in his room it didn’t feel right, and his attention was pretty shot as a result. The street where he had found the first
much. Too much friction, too much emotional loop in their bond.
At his words, Cas shrugged, putting away his wings. His hand was slightly cold in Dean’s hand, but he felt warm and comfortable through the bond. Obviously, the angel had judged these two to be okay with at least an abbreviated version of his secret.
meat in there.
“Father” Emmanuel Castiel Novak was no longer “pure.” He had had sex. Hell, he had
She pressed her lips together and shrugged. “Maybe just make it harder for the Baku, if nothing else.”
It was in downtown St. Louis with a balcony that overlooked the Arch and the river. The view was gorgeous, as Michael pointed out, and the apartment had been obviously decorated by a professional because Dean doubted that Michael had had the time or the leanings to bother choosing a miniature Zen rock garden and bamboo decorations. The room given to Dean was lavish as the rest of the apartment.
Akira gasped. “No… not a kyuubi with only eight tails.” She looked up at him and asked, “And how did he take it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Even worse, his sense of smell had decided to return with a vengeance when faced with Cas and his overwhelming stench of rage/possessiveness/violence, like it had just been waiting for his
With that, he released Dean and slapped him hard against the same shoulder. Dean worked at not flinching, as Abram said, “Now we will go to the clinic. Here comes lover boy now, laden with gifts!”
The young woman hesitated and then woged back to her human face. Her lips were pressed into a tense line, but she nodded and said, “You can come with me. We will see who we will see.”
Blearily, he looked up at her from the floor, and, rubbing a hand over the new bump on his skull, he rasped, “Are you
Here, in this new time, the air was rife with their poisonous stench, loud with their tame metal beasts that even flew over her head.
Meanwhile, the number of yōkai had quadrupled, meaning Dean never got a night off. He, Gabe, Cas, and Bobby were all exhausted by the endless hunts for
Castiel considered his options. If he admitted to his brothers that he had had a *ahem* sexual awakening, he’d never hear the end of it. They would
Bobby made a shooing motion and bent back over to look over the map.
From the heat radiating off it, he suspected not.
Dean was tired because the groom-to-be had taken a real shine to him, and, in his drunken alpha state, had tried to mate him. Dean had had to knock him off before he knotted him, and had run out to find Benny, the bouncer. Knotting cost more at Purgatory, as did most things outside ‘normal’ sex. Crowley made sure it was all accounted for, and he kept his deals, making sure everyone knew what they were getting into and what they were getting out of it.
Bobby muttered, “White-Face...Aleut...why does that sound familiar…?”
want, and I want him to be happy in his choices. Otherwise, he’ll spend the next 30 years of his life quietly unhappy and wondering ‘what if’? And that’s no life for anyone, even a Man of the Cloth.”
Dean woke up horny. He realized, after a few moments of blinking away sleep, that it was because Cas was sucking on his dick and waking him up in a
Dean came to with a pained gasp, his body doubling up and blood bubbles frothing from his mouth. He screamed, “AH, THAT BITCH!”
. Thank you for coming to Purgatory.
Bobby just stared at him and bent back to his work, mumbling, “Idjit.”
Which, admittedly, the Novaks were practically royalty, but Dean was certainly hoping he was no Princess Diana in this scenario. The worst part was the feeling of eyes roaming over his body, especially his neck, the not-so-subtle sniffing in his direction to see if he was—he bet—mated to Michael or at the least scent marked by him.
“You leaving me with guard duty, little bro?”
Dean punched Gabriel, which only served to make him hurt hand. Gabriel watched him nurse his hand and wince, and pulled out his lolly with a loud pop. He smirked, “Helloooo! Immortal nine-tailed fox?”
“Well, neither do I, princess! But if it has a bearing on what the fuck happened when Cas collapsed, I still want to hear about it.”
“HELL NO!” Dean yanked the elbow out of Bobby’s grasp. “He told me to go with him last night. I went, he gave me this damn snarky little bead called Itchy-wren who looked like a spider, Tweety got huge like a friggin’ ostrich, he chanted some stuff and the jumpy umbrella with a huge tongue turned back into a normal umbrella.” He took a deep breath. “Seriously, that was the extent of my adventures in bird sitting.”
Regardless of his feelings or his dead nose, he got himself up for work and made a muted dinner for Sam, who was giving him sad, puppy eyes that Dean tried to ignore. Because he couldn’t smell it, he apparently had added too much garlic salt to the steak he had made for Sam, who scraped some off and tried not to blame Dean. Dean couldn’t tell him that he couldn’t scent him. That hurt the worst: he couldn’t smell Sam, but he waited until he was in the shower to let the misery rain down on him.
The following week was more of the same: random giant bouquets that must have cost a fortune and that Dean wanted no part of. Purgatory was starting to smell like a hothouse, smothered in the scent of flowers because the house omegas had collected the bouquets and put them in different areas for decoration.
He tolerated the groping (
“Hey, Dean! Do you not think that Abram should respect his mother more?”
“He is a
this alpha? What if it makes him really unhappy? He’s been so unhappy the last couple of months and only recently has he started to smell like himself at all. I don’t even know what happened that he reeked of sorrow!”
Mark drunkenly smiled back at her, liking how her dark eyes gleamed like obsidian orbs his momma wore like pearls to church in the low light of the park lamps.
Dean damped down his smile, and chuckled nervously as Cas’s gaze pinned him in place. “Indeed, Dean. How long are we staying?” The tone was tinged with ice, and, again, Abram and Benny were paying great attention to their interaction.
He didn’t.
: Second-level and pureblood Betas can scent others better than a third-level anything, but it’s still about half the sniffer of any other designation second-level or above. Alphas and omegas have good sniffers because they need it to sense each other, for hunting, and for danger. That’s the reason why Beta-2s have the enhanced nose that’s just not as sensitive. The more diluted the bloodline, the weaker overall the genetics for this.
hissing past Dean’s ear.
Third-level male omegas were null breeders: they were unable to conceive, which was all omegas were considered good for. They were the most often abandoned by families. And, even if all women could (potentially) conceive and carry, a second-level Beta female would always end up birthing early, and an alpha female, especially a pureblood, would always lose the battle between the genetics that wanted her to carry a litter, and evolution that would no longer allow her to survive carrying six to eight pups to term. Alpha female childbirth deaths were astronomical in comparison to other designations. So even if alpha females were rare, second-levels even rarer, they often decided to not breed because of those consequences.
They handed back the forms, their names printed on there: Sam with small, neat letters; Dean with a messy scrawl of letters that made it barely legible. Castiel recognized the address and, looking at their birth dates, he asked, “Where are your parents?”
Dean shook his head at him. “Dude, you’re such a douche. Can’t you just give me a straight answer?”
Joshua hummed and looked down at his hands where he was scratching into the wood with an anxious fingernail. “Castiel wasn’t himself. I don’t think he would have accepted doing that to Dean. That was his wolf riding him, and he’s never in his life lost control as much or as often as he has when it comes to Dean.”
“Okay, you got it.”
“I am not ‘just a bird’,” it said huffily. It flapped to the edge of the couch arm and eyed him again, its blue eyes small dots of supernatural light in the darkness. “I am a guardian of the Yumekui. You, on the other hand, seem very much an idiot.”
As Castiel opened his mouth to reply, Joshua sharply asked, “Where’s Dean?”
Benny grunted. “Ah, yes. I remember. He started to get sicker, and they brought him in to see Doctor Lilov to see what was wrong? And Doctor Lilov suddenly started getting ill. It was like the flu, but then he started hallucinating and going wild.”
female hunter?”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Indeed, you are absolutely correct, but His Most Reverend Excellency, Giosuè Ángeo, hates formality and will sulk for a day if you refer to him as such in an unofficial capacity such as dinner.”
, he kept doing it, desperate to regain his sanity.
Warm hands wormed their way into the bottom of his tshirt, Cas’s palms flat against his skin and sliding up to his chest. “Still missed you,” Cas murmured, teasing Dean’s nipples with his fingers.
, man?”
Dean had to shake his head to control himself, but his Omega nattered in his brain and curled the very last vestiges of his heat into a ball of
She hissed again and sent out another wave of hair, and, again, Dean was barely able to get in front of it this time, spinning one sickle on the chain to block. The hair hitting the spinning blockade felt like the Hulk was trying to punch through his body armor and he groaned with the effort. He was infinitely grateful that, even if Gabe was in a weaponized form, he was still sentient enough to guide his “I-don’t-know-how-to-use-ancient-Japanese-weapons” ass.
Port Graham was a small fishing town. It did have a small set of stores, and they managed to find a coat that Dean deemed ‘acceptable.’ It was military green, oversized to hide his weapons, and had a huge hood with fur trim to help keep him warm. He also bought two knit beanies in royal blue for Cas and emerald green for himself, two pairs of thinner waterproof gloves with grip, and some better socks. Because of the glare, he bought himself from sunglasses to protect his eyes. The fake credit card worked fine, and Mr. Calzolari was soon happily feeling his toes and fingers again.
He sat up and faced Bobby and laid it out all on the line about the Baku; how her getting stronger translated into her getting greedy for his luck; how she had plucked out most of his luck, leaving a gaping wound in his spirit; how Gabe and Cas had been fighting her off this whole time and he hadn’t known until recently; and how Cas had saved him by giving him most of his own spirit.
Gabe uses his ass. Dean suffers. Cas suffers. The mysterious onmyōji shows up.
Dean frowned and tested his toes and fingers–his ankle giving a small throb that would likely finish healing in a couple of days–while his mind whirled wildly around all of yesterday’s happenings and failed to grip them.
He got control of himself and tried to soothe his inner beast. If Dean wanted to become the First Mate of the Novak Clan, there was nothing he could do about it.
“That is an important point,” Bobby said, standing up to get breakfast started.
“How many eggs did you destroy in your quest to cook?” Dean asked snidely.
It was beautiful. A beautiful scent.
To Bobby’s immense displeasure, however, having that many practitioners of similar but ultimately different crafts meant that they would get to talking. The talking ended up as a set of seminars between all the sects, and they shared some of their trade secrets, often surprised when their information overlapped or, sometimes, impressed when someone showed off a short cut.
He idly took his spoon and stirred the cocoa. “I mean, Dean freaks out about priests. Sure, Pastor Jim was a good guy, and so is Deacon Castiel, but Dean said there were a lot of not-so-good priests and he told me to tell him if anyone tried to touch me in weird ways.”
Benny laughed darkly. “Brother, do you really want to incur the wrath of the undead? Leave it be. The ashes will fly with the wind, taking the misfortune with it.”
again) Omega had not waited for them to defend him, but also
Dean chokes. Sam hadn't known about his thing for
Dean's had a rough night, but Sammy's not making his morning any easier.
presentable.
urging him on to keep up the brutal pace. It was moments later, when the knot pushed the limits of Dean’s entrance, the bulging spreading his hole further than it had been in months now. The slight pain of it only made it feel even better, until Cas finally, fully popped in and caught, pushing in a few more times before coming deep inside Dean.
Abram refused to accept it, sitting straighter and crossing his arms. “No, Karp wouldn't cover for her. He would have reported it to the Cete.”
Dean tapped the file with his finger. “Who else got sick?”
It was well after one in the morning when Dean and Castiel got home.
In over 1100 years, no one had broken the seal on the Yumekui, and, although it had been boring, at least it had been peaceful. He had spent most of that time in mediation, when not hounded by one of his associates. Ichiren-Bozu had, on the whole, been okay, as long as he was permitted to occasionally roam, as was the way of tsukumogami. And, really, since he didn’t harm humans, Castiel had been at peace with it.
He padded over to the couches, and, yep, there they were. He slid them on, feeling the heat from leaving them in front of the fire so long, and padded into the kitchen.
But he was more than just his Alpha.
He checked in on Sam, who was sleeping soundly, his laptop on and playing what looked like the Lord of the Rings. Dean closed the laptop with a finger, watching Sammy shift a bit in his sleep with the noise, and then quietly left, shutting the door behind him.
He had just settled himself carefully onto the edge of the bed when the door opened and a somewhat-short blond man let himself in.
The smell of bamboo and the ocean snaked around him, and he wasn’t surprised when he turned to find Michael leaning up against the bar next to him, smiling woozily. The hazel in Michael’s eyes was gone, leaving only swirling alpha red, and even that was a thin band around the darkness of his blown pupils. Not only high on Slick, Dean noted warily, but also fucking drunk, if the dark flush of color over the man’s cheeks and neck were any indication.
“G-give these to the house omegas,” he said through the pool of saliva in his mouth. Laura grinned, snagged a box, and opened it, releasing an ungodly delicious scent. She popped a random truffle in her mouth and looked like she nearly orgasmed in her seat.
“Right.” He pointed at his carryon and said, “This is all I have so…”
he’s still naked. Shivering at the thought of being trapped with Cas for a heat, he poked his head out of the cocoon and peered out. The greenhouse looked almost the same as it had last night, yet different with the overhead lights on to reveal the finer details.
. “What is this?”
Dean noted her response and nodded. “We just want to talk to them. We don’t want to hurt anybody.”
Sam gave him an amazing ‘just you wait’ expression for a thirteen-year-old that sent Dean into peals of laughter, clutching his stomach and trying not to fall off the chair.
Dean muttered something under his breath, and then lightly sneezed as one of the feathers tickled his nose.
He was tempted to say, “The hell with it!” but they were working a job, not just going out on a date, so he restrained himself.
Dean huffed out another sigh and just blurted, “It’s overnight. You’ll have to stay with Missouri or something. I’ll be back the next day.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, but you know Sioux Falls the best and have the most experience tracking down yōkai.”
Bobby told them fire worked, sometimes, but not often enough. And, really, his time pretending to be an FBI agent in Sioux Falls was right fucked. Unless all the cops died in this debacle, there was no way he was going to be able to do that again.
Dina wasn’t waiting for him
supposed to save the world.”
“Anna, Greg, Feliks, and Ed have all been found dead, either bitten to death or just bit of their clothes and large puddles of blood being left behind.”
The next time he asks Benny to do it: black-eyed susans this time.
was as close to pie as he was gonna get, Michael cleared his throat to get Dean’s attention.
To make matters worse, however, Dream-Dean, Castiel had concluded, was even
“Ah, perhaps long enough to see if we can’t help out.” He tried to bolster his courage, but those blue eyes were getting a touch stormy.
Dean shifted his weight, and stuck the sword end between the spokes, and three of them sliced open before the creature realized it had been struck. It screamed an old man scream, like it had fallen and couldn’t get up, and liquid squirted from the broken spokes, soaking Dean from head to toe.
It might have just been the lace rosette on his ass making him feel vulnerable, though.
Not that the lovers saw it, a fog of hormones and sex surrounded them, while the greenhouse insulated them from the cold.
Crowley shrugged. “Like I said, get rid of that stench and we’ll talk.” He sniffed and impolitely pulled out his handkerchief and covered his nose. “You smell like hell to me, and I don’t have the most sensitive nose.”
The bead and bird both stared up at him from their position by his feet, while the umbrella slowed for a moment, as if questioning Dean’s intelligence, spitting out
Joshua came back down and found Castiel talking to Sam seriously and Dean finishing up his plating. He had changed into some dark-brown dress pants, and a clean but ugly blue sweater with bright geometric shapes that some parishioners said looked like he had been raiding Dr. Huxtable’s closet.
"What can I get you tonight, handsome?" She winks as if she doesn't know.
The fellow finishes the song and this time Dean's paying attention as the guy stands straight and waves at the band behind him. His narrow waist is accented beautifully by the tapering waistcoat, the vision he presents improves dramatically when he turns completely around and a perky round ass and broad shoulders are evident.
The three struggling men stopped and stared at them.
Bobby narrowed his gaze and muttered, "Do I look like the god-damned bird whisperer?"
Shesh continued, "Because of his success, his friends were envious and plotted to kill him. They schemed together and went to a shaman deep in the woods, and begged him to transform the successful hunter into a beast. The shaman agreed to their request and told them how.
Dean stifled the urge to hang up the phone. “Ah, Michael.” He paused. “What can I do for you today, and how did you get this number?”
," Dean snarled, getting into Cas’s face this time, the white blanket slipping around his hips, "so help me, I will beat your ass into the ground like one of those fucking carrots!"
“It's alright! We spoke of it a great deal! He's fine with it! He's your brother! He still loves you!”
Castiel felt Missouri’s eyes on him as he struggled to contain his Alpha, the tang of blood on his tongue from his fangs piercing his bottom lip. He felt her approach him slowly, hand out, her soft-floral beta scent soothing. “You need to calm down, Castiel. You can’t help anyone if you change.”
Dean plastered on a smile as the band started to play, “Walking in a Winter Wonderland” and Michael walked along the new red carpet, smiling, waving like royalty, and pausing to shake hands now and again.
Cas blinked and seemed to look at Sam and then back to Joshua. To Dean’s mortification, he didn’t even look at Dean before paling and running off.
Benny pointed his finger at him. “But what if she was, and he just assumed she had killed an animal or something? Until the body showed up?”
The long-hissing sigh that the bird released pushed Dean’s buttons and he grit his teeth. Between the uppity bead and the know-it-all bird, he had had it for the day. He just wanted to take a shower, and tell the day to fuck off.
!) Omega was feeling.
for him to trip out in the edges of the shadows so they could eat him. If he did trip (which was quite often now), Gabe would often appear on his own and terrify them. Sometimes Bobby or Cas would exorcise them.
He would have to weed it out. Men of Faith had no need for such things.
“Compared to downstairs where you just look like a proper rent-boy?” Crowley snidely remarked, eyeing Dean carefully. “Nice. Very nice,” he said, walking around Dean slowly. “Ass hugging. Perfect.
: More information on Shinto and shrine building.
The next morning, more hung over than usual, he pauses by the corner flower shop impulsively. It's late April so there are some nice things in bloom. He picks out pussy willow and three red roses.
Before anyone asks me why Dean didn't scent Cas's presence...
“See you soon, Dean!” Michael crooned, obviously watching Dean walk away. Dean could feel those eyes practically licking him from head to toe before settling like two sticky weights on his ass.
Dean sat up. “Two days ago?”
He eyes slid over to the panicking Castiel, and Castiel bit his lip and nodded slowly.
Blinking, Sam snorted, “No!”
. I wasn’t up there
He ignored Sam’s scream of, “Dean!” focusing on the enraged creature in front of him. He yelled back, “Just protect Akira!”
, people were found dead all over town: people were complaining that they couldn't sleep, couldn’t
“More like the wicked don't rest,” Dean grumbles, gratified when that gummy smile lights Cas’s face.
“I’m okay, Dean,” Sam yelled back. “Akira’s got it!”
The doctor’s examination room was not as chilly as most Dean had ever found himself in. It was more… ornate…than most he’d been in, but that was mostly in how shiny and expensive the cabinets looked. There was a pristine sink, a purple vinyl rolling stool, and glass jars with supplies in them, like alcohol pads and cotton balls. The examination table was like any other he had ever seen, with the same kind of crinkling paper he had settled his ass on in dozens of other doctor’s offices in his life. It was better than a couple of places, actually, where he swore they reused the stuff instead of tearing it off.
“I seriously didn’t do it this time, Bobby.” He briefly outlined the situation, giving Bobby details when asked, and ending on, “I swear it’s presenting like rabies, but I don’t know of anything that’s
“Dean, your luck is going to get progressively worse,” Cas said mildly, looking down at Dean from between his knees, the sense the bird was grinning pervasive. “I would keep the hysterics to a minimum.”
“Fuck! Cas,
It was hard not to grin. It was rare nowadays that he got to fight with alphas, at least not since they were sticking around and he had to look out for Sam. He didn’t need vengeful alphas prowling around for him and finding his little brother.
“Hmm… about as straight as your sexuality,” he grinned, his sharp teeth loudly crunching through the sweet hard candy.
If possible, Sam's face got redder.
Dean sighed and moved his arms down to stare at the water-stained ceiling. “As sure as I can be,” he muttered, thinking about Cas’s predicament. “Now, can we drop it? I’m exhausted, nauseous, and not allowed to nap.”
...of mine may be amenable to help, but we will need certain things, including a lot of fried tofu and several sweet desserts.”
“Who do we talk to,” was shouted back, and Bobby pointed at Sam, who was chatting with some blushing woman as he wrote down her name and assignment.
him on his body so when it was all over, he would have this, at least, to remember. To keep.
Thanks to Gabe and the borrowed tail, Dean was able to keep up with her superhuman speed and even had the strength to ward off the strikes. He was doing okay until he found himself with his back pressed against the barrier. She grinned with triumph as she rushed forward, only to end up howling with rage as he barely ducked her strike and rolled away under the blow.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam pushed by the bishop, his teeth chattered uncomfortably as his body tried to come to terms with the difference in temperature. “It’s so cold outside,” he muttered. “It wasn’t even half this cold yesterday!”
Which is exactly when he got into work that day.
Yeah, like God cared about pants.
? ‘We’ll always have Paris.’ That's a man!” “Yes, he is male, but I find it difficult to dismiss Tracy after
Again, Colonel Bobby Singer was a
Sam nodded and then exploded into a monologue of explanations. Dean tried to keep up with it, but who can really keep up with a hyper-13-year old’s exposition on anything?
It only took minutes, but the anger that simmered in Dean, the resentment, boiled through his body and he glared at the Alpha. The Alpha slowly opened his eyes, and he seemed genuinely surprised that they were still standing there. Dean bared his teeth at him, in case he thought he could still come at them, even with Sam still standing between them, arms still spread.
But he's awake enough to flashback to being shot. He's awake enough to remember Cas…
Dean was in the middle of trying to wrestle out the carburetor when he smelled them: alphas. Drugged alphas too.
It was the longest rut he had ever had, metaphorically speaking. It still lasted its usual four days, but they were harsh days. Previously, he had endured his ruts with an iron will, rejecting all earthly thoughts of pleasure with the power of prayer. He had done so for the past ten years, not even the thought of nude flesh, or the porn Gabriel and Lucifer had forced him to occasionally suffer through had made a dent in his willpower. The strip clubs, the clingy prostitutes had done
But with his case completed and the new murder given to Creedy and Martin, Captain Adler had sent him home to get some shut eye after being on his feet for 36-hours straight.
There was a low murmur of agreement among the men, and Cas said,
“I haven’t…why?” He didn’t know why Gabriel had made that expression and it made him uncomfortable.
Worlding note: BETAS.
He stood and headed to the door, smiling when he heard from behind him a mumbled, “I’d make you wash the sheets!”
Dean heaved a sigh. “I’d say luck, but I’m seriously low on that.” He paused, wondering if he should mention Cas, but then shrugged because she was going to have to meet him eventually. “My, erm… bond-mate.” He flushed red, not used to saying it out loud, and rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment. “My... guardian, Cas — well,
like a Rocky to me.”
you, Dean. I… I think it’s a tengu.”
Hael came home around 3pm and immediately went to take a nap, so Castiel missed seeing her come in. But it didn’t matter, and it was better to hide away anyway, since the house was overly active with people coming in from the outreaches of the Clan to help set up. The next Pack-lead possibly getting a mate was a big deal, especially from outside the clans.
And that is how he fell into it.
“You thought they were hot,” Cas snarled from where he was nuzzling behind Dean’s ear, nipping at the lobe and making Dean yip. “And that girl put her hand on you.”
But that’s why it was
“God bless you, son. Please contact me soon so we can arrange your return.”
“Remember how Karp complained of finding Katia down by the river, naked once. That she didn’t remember going there, not that it mattered because she was raving madly?”
Dean forced his body forward, the faint scent of
Castiel smiled into his mashed potatoes while Jo laughed.
Benny and Abram shared a speaking look between brothers and Dean fought gritting his teeth. “So, you’re going to show me to the clinic?”
Bobby hmph’d again and muttered, “Looks like more than a few times. Go put that bird in your room and take a shower. I’ll wait out here to re-dress yer head.”
Dean makes a decent wage for a single man. There’s nothing special about a cop’s pay, but then again his apartment is nothing fancy, since he had recently moved into a smaller place on the third floor. That made his rent was more than doable on his salary, leaving a generous bit for a rainy day.
“Play the
Sam nearly cried, he was so relieved! “Where have you been, you
(See the end of the chapter for
The Baku shook her head wildly and cried out, “NO! DON’T DO THIS TO ME!!”
: Altar servers are supposed to wear robe-like garments over their clothes while serving. They are called albs. I’ve just called them robes my entire life and did not know this til now. Well the white bits of robe are call albs. The colorful priestly bits over them are called other things, depending on who’s giving mass (oh the levels) and what season it is. Yes. Really.
“N-not ‘is brain, m’ron. J’st mind. He went nuts.”
Castiel watched the brothers walk away curiously, as they obviously had little money and Dean was possibly the proudest,
Gabriel eyed the loaf of sliced bread, the mustard, and the plate that Castiel had also pulled down. “I see. And the rest is for you?” He asked sarcastically as he watched Castiel pull over a chair so he could reach the faucet and coffee machine.
On one side, there were rows of pipes with plants (like the tomatoes) sticking out the tops practicing what Cas called “hydroponics.” On the side they were staying in, because there was not a lot of room in the greenhouse otherwise, there were the vertical gardens and the seedlings the farming employees were attempting to cross breed and improve. A bit to the back, well insulated from the cold were what Cas called, “the new Omega Garden tech,” which were large barrel-shaped rotating planters. Each one was being tested for maximum efficiency in feeding everyone in the Manor.
It was almost embarrassing to watch.
"If you say you didn't mean to hurt me one more time,
Bobby harrumphed and accepted it, mentally groaning at the sheer size.
But the
“Didn’t you?” He threw a tomato at Cas and then all the carrots because he was pissed. Cas allowed them to hit him with slight thuds, none of them even leaving the smallest mark. “What the fuck was I supposed to think? You came into the garage, smelling possessive and horny as hell, then you kiss me and
me?” Dean felt the floor sway under his feet. He was rejected, he couldn’t smell anything, and he was being
Dean half hobbled past the kitchen to find Bobby partway through a fifth of old rot gut, his nose buried in a book that looked ancient. “Bobby, gotta run. Bird brain says the thingy did something and we need to investigate.”
“Dean, I have been enjoying your company the last few weeks, and, um, I was wondering if you would accompany me to my company Christmas party on the 23
in old man-gas jizz, soot, and dirt from his several stop-drops-and-rolls. He now knew what a burnt-on-the-edges eggroll that had been dropped on the floor felt like, and it wasn’t all that great.
Abram put his hands between the two men and said, “Nikolai, we do not want to fight right now. We will go to the clinic and he will just look. He will not do anything untoward. I promise you.”
He felt bad.
Swallowing hard, Sam leaned into the petting, enjoying the motherly comfort from the aging beta. “But I want him to be happy, Missouri,” he muttered, eyes closed. “This other alpha won’t make him happy and he deserves that.”
Dean stalked over to the desk, just inside scenting range, and ignored the flicker of disgust on Inias’s face as Dean took the clipboard with what looked like ten pages of questions with a stifled groan and took a seat far from the desk. He flipped through the pages and grimaced at the number of invasive questions.
“What are you up to, Cassy?” He asked, smiling up at Jo, their butler, as she placed a fresh cup of coffee and a blueberry scone by his elbow.
Cas nods. “No rest for the wicked?” He suggests.
“Fuck!” He spat, “It’s a gods damned colony of pixies!”
If he thought of it at all, it would be because occasionally, just... occasionally as he sat there and talked and talked, he thought he could feel it wiggling under his sternum.
Abram looked to Cas. “You may want to reconsider your study. Go home, away from here.”
Dean was freezing his ass off. He was. He was used to the temperatures being in the 90s, but here in the Kenai Peninsula, the average summer high was 68F, dark and overcast, and right now he felt like his dangling bits and pieces were going to fall right off. “Cas, why did you pick
To Dean’s annoyance, the bead somehow snorted with derision, its one small eye managing to somehow roll. “My lord, that is an understatement. I bid you the fairest fortune in educating him.”
“Yeah, I’m trying to avoid that right now. The Cete leader’s kinda… not happy with my presence.”
Cas’s father had moved to his wife's side, his own anger burning in the air.
Artwork by
Dean shrugged. There had been a brief discussion in the car about whether or not they needed to involve John, but Sam, like Bobby, was worried about John’s ‘kill first, ask later’ policy regarding the supernatural, and he had ended on, “I also don’t think he’d be too happy about you swapping spit with, y’know,
“Then how are we supposed to infiltrate?” Dean sat back and huffed petulantly. “We need suggestions on how to perpetrate this.”
Joshua nodded with a smile. “Since you work maintenance at the trailer park, I’m going to guess you’re pretty handy. We could use that. I will, of course, pay a small sum for your assistance.” Dean opened his mouth to decline but Joshua shook his head. “No, appropriate compensation for your efforts is only expected. I won’t hear of anything else.”
Maybe.
outta him for being awkward as a 13-year-old schoolgirl on her first date if he ever catches wind of this.
,” he said, as Sam opened his mouth to launch into his explanations again. “And, whittle it down to a minute speech.”
“Is that why he ran away?” Sam added, “Dean locked himself in his room. He didn’t even go to work and he won’t let me in to talk.”
It was better than trying to make it alone. The world was not kind to homeless omegas.
So I will be working on this, but the glacierly slow will continue because I hate my own writing. And myself. I hate myself. Because I mean, JFC... 3 years??
Dean didn’t answer, nor did he wait for permission; he crawled in next to Cas, pulling the tengu in so he laid against his shoulder, and he nearly sighed happily when those dark wings flared up and around them in a feathery cocoon.
“What is it then?”
to tear his eyes away. He couldn’t help but note that Dean had bowed legs and that his shoulders were mesmerizingly beautiful as the muscles shifted underneath his clothing. Castiel found his mouth watering, his eyes drawn to the lines of Dean’s neck as he stretched for things and his collar shifted, revealing the smooth tanned skin there.
She knelt before the smaller table, where she had her paper works and ink, and, cupping her hands into the first mudra, she started to chant under her breath in Japanese. “With reverence and awe, I humbly request the assistance of my ancestors, as we guard this city from ruin and pray release the spirit of the Baku, Eve, from her pain.”
He grinned toothily at Bobby. “Yo! You must be the old man Ichi was telling me about.” He wagged furry eyebrows. “‘e says yer a riot.”
That caused Balthazar to raise an eyebrow at him and stop scribbling. “Well then,” he said soothingly, “You’re taking the right steps to cure yourself. Just keep it up. You’ll be right as rain in no time.”
The roof was completely white, reflecting back the light from the multitude of violet LED lamps. There were rows of green stuff suspended and rotating slowly so they would all receive equal amounts of light.
(天狗 "Divine Dog"): [CREATURE] I realize the translation says "divine dog," but the kanji (天狗) and the Chinese demon Tiangou share the same characters, although the Japanese refers to a bird of prey and the Tiangou refers to a "black dog that eats the sun" (AKA: solar eclipse). Any way, these things are as entrenched in Japanese culture as kitsune. They are currently known as both evil and good, depending on where you are and who you talk to. They do not freely transform, like tanuki or kitsune. Only the daitengu look human-ish, whereas the
“This room is gorgeous,” Dean said, turning to face the young butler.
That was usually the optimal question. Until Dean had started working in Purgatory, they hadn’t had much money. Some days, it had been just slightly stale bread from the discount bread store. Other days, it was eggs and bacon, or even pancakes.
Dean cringed at the nickname. HEAVEN was called ‘the Perch’ by the outside workers because of all the omegas Crowley kept and at how they were treated like fine birds in a cage.
Dean watched the kitsune with the tofu and he coughed.
He heard Hael’s voice introduce him, but his gaze was caught by Dean’s stunned one. The stink of aggression oozed off Castiel and Michael gave him a concerned look, all while edging in front of Dean. Behind him, Dean’s eyes dilated and his pink lips parted with surprise. The faintest hint of cinnamon pralines threaded through his scent, the scent of his arousal, and some part of Castiel’s Alpha brain grabbed it and held on to it. Could Michael scent it?
Dean watched Lucifer narrow his eyes before lowering them submissively. “Of course, Cassy. If you want me to.”
“‘Kay.”
I actually know very little about the man. I don't watch The Walking Dead.
He forced open his eyes and looked around from his position on his back.
“Are you fucking kidding me with this shit?” Dean pointed at the water. “Are those
He winked and waited on the patio for them to come out, both boys looking amused, even as Abram shut the door behind them.
Castiel resisted the urge to rub at the top edge of his nose to stave off a headache and added, “Gabriel, actually, we asked you here for a favor. If you would be so kind as to listen—”
Slate gray eyes darkened with the word, and he immediately went blank. “What is Wesen?”
She grinned as she attacked him again, but this time the extra length on the sword helped parry the long claws and she again shrieked in frustration. He slashed at her, and she couldn’t fully leap out of the way of the extra inches on the blade. She clutched at her new wound where the sword had cut her shallowly from shoulder to hip.
Jo quickly shut the door behind Castiel, as he moved forward to kiss his mother on the cheek. She smelled like white flower perfume since, as a Beta, she had no strong personal scent. “Castiel, I’m so happy you made it! I thought you’d make an excuse at the last second.”
Castiel paused mid-water pouring when he felt Gabriel bracket him from behind, the fox’s human hands white-knuckling from their grip on the counter’s edge.
It's okay!
“Do you, uh, mind if I do it?” Dean motioned towards the stove, where he had already turned down the heat.
Ellen pinned her with a hard stare that had both of the younger adults blanching and shifting away from her. “Joanna Beth, if you don’t think I know what you did to that poor goat, you have another thing coming. If Castiel hadn’t offered to pay for the damage, we might have been thrown out of here!”
He looked down at the two men, discussing the texts on the desk that he had eyed before flying to a safe distance. He could vaguely feel the faint discomfort that Dean felt at his distance, and the 'oh well, he’s a bird, what do you do' feeling that stopped Dean from thinking on it too deeply.
Cas stared at him, not knowing what he meant.
“Alright,” he says, nodding. “Your place it is. I mean, it's like 4am so…”
Sliding his gaze over to Bela, he saw she was silently fuming, her fingers tight around the column of the flute glass. Her eyes warned him, while he smirked at her and turned his back. Fuck her.
The disapproval lingered, but she leaned back and yelled, “Yana! Two shchi!”
. At HIM.
They finally broke out into a small riverside clearing and eyed the water grimly.
Dean laughed so hard he fell off his chair, while Sam blushed to the roots of his hair before he busted up laughing too, swiping at the milk dribbling out his nose.
Akira stayed another week, helping out the others. The missing practitioners had been holed up in a warehouse at the edge of town, the tsuchi-gumo set to guard it. The giant mountain spider had eaten a couple of the men, and there was a mourning session for them, but they were mostly grateful that the others had been found safe, since so many had been lost.
The day of the battle had dawned quietly enough. The yōkai had not made much of an appearance overnight, and that made everyone very nervous. The overall group had departed around 2am to their respective living spaces, to rest, eat, and prepare for the night. It was going to get ugly; they had not been able to erase even a single sigil piece.
Michael was quietly eating his own steak and Dean paused in his devouring to cough and say, “Um, if that invite to the Christmas party is still open, I’ll go… although you know I won’t fit in.”
Cas nodded.
He could feel the indignation just radiate off Cas and harrumph’d as he curled himself around his pillow. He was going to get some sleep and just hope all this Japanese magical-girl transforming bird and its side-kick, the snarky spider-bead, were all his imagination. Fuck this curse any way.
(I'm not going very deep with this; I could write a small book.)
Dean tunes out the names to watch the man grin and guffaw as he jokes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Next, there was the small yellow purse with a lock of blonde hair in it. According to the report, they had found Megan Masters dead of influenza and taken the lock for evidence.
Cas was his. Cas was not going anywhere.
Cas frowned.
Cas propped himself on his elbows, his legs now on the outside of Dean’s thighs to help hold him up, and stared at Dean with a soft, fond expression that Dean tried to ignore. Cas was not going to stay with him, no matter how well they fit together, so matter how much Dean had quietly begged between shared panted breaths.
As Benny stepped out, Dean rolled his eyes at the yelled, “Seriously, no kissing on my couch!”
He wanted to scoff when, to his left, from behind a large elm, a
Cas’s expression melted into pure adoration, and he leaned forward and over his basherter.
He brushed back the soft hair that had come loose and sniffled as tears spilled over, showering Cas’s slack, pale face. “Cas, you love me, remember?” He pulled Cas’s body close to him and whispered against Cas's cooling shoulder, “I don’t want to be alone. You promised me.”
But that kitsune… she wasn’t sure what to make of him, although she knew he was helping Dean Winchester somehow. Those who had confronted Dean themselves never returned, and she wasn’t sure how that one puny human was killing off her brethren, her children, so easily. But she suspected the kitsune was somehow involved.
Gabe groaned. “Dude, if Cassy finds out we’ve been lying to him, he’s going to kill us. I mean, he
Cas opened his mouth and then closed it, a perplexed expression flitting over his face.
him. He was having problems regulating himself: his fingers changing to claws, his teeth elongating without his knowing, his eyes—undoubtedly—burning a terrifying red.
He blew out a heavy sigh and circled the address on the map, hollering, “Dean! Cas! Get down here!”
Castiel ran his hands through his hair a few times, growling uselessly at the imagined shadows that took Dean.
“What do we have?”
“Wow, he’s a cutie, ain’t he, Cassie,” Gabriel said slowly around a mouthful of colorful candy shells.
Castiel frowned at his older sibling, who infuriatingly just smiled back. “I’m not hiding,” he pouted.
They walked in with no problem, as the doors were unlocked, and made their way to the back.
waiting for him. He shivered as he strolled, unsure if it was the cold air or his fear of his future. The weather was brisk, in the low 50s, and he had had to borrow a coat from Lucifer. It was leather and smelled like cardamom and star anise. It wasn’t unpleasant, but it definitely wasn’t caramel apples.
Apparently there was something going on that they were attempting to keep quiet, but this wasn’t the time to talk it out of them. They understandably didn’t trust him yet, so he could wait until they did.
of Wesen?”
A small pop and a rolling “rah” later, Castiel had flown out to Inari knew where, leaving Gabriel staring at a sandwich and thinking harder than he generally liked to. “So fucking stubborn,” he grumbled as he pulled out another Chupa Chup. “I don’t know where he gets it.”
away from the door and, two, that he had gripped the door jamb so hard, there were claw marks indenting the wood. Taking a shuddering breath, he released his grip one finger at a time and massaged his left hand.
But, just as Dean started to stand, ready to go find Bobby and find out what the hell was going on, the bird flew at him like a Hitchcock nightmare, pecking and scratching at his head. He slapped and started to howl at it, when the living room light snapped on and Bobby stood in the doorway.
She narrowed her red eyes at him, and she growled, “What would you know?”
a priest. Wouldn’t that just be you doing your job?”
Keeping his head down and practically running, he arrived at the rectory and noticed it seemed quieter than usual.
He nestled in again, buried his nose in the warm light brown hair, scenting his Basherter delicately. As he lay there, he felt his grace slowly seep back in, the slowest trickling of Heaven’s power returning at what felt like the most unbearably slow pace. It was nearly human, how slowly the time seemed to pass.
Sam wasn’t blind.
Benny waved at the console. “You talk to your truck with more respect than your own mother!”
Sam, the big girl, would called it a ‘tincture.’
: (狐) [CREATURE] Kitsune means "fox" in Japanese, but it can also refer to magical foxes. Kitsune can either be good and do good deeds (if mischievous), or they can be bad and torment humans. They are
She moved to the father: a dream where he was at his desk, working productively; a dream where he was at a large sports’ arena cheering for his team; a dream where he was making love to a beautiful blonde woman he called 'Anna Nicole,' and who looked nothing like his wife; the terror of showing up to work naked and everyone laughing at him. She ate all of them, and watched the man shiver in his bed, his brow furrowed in a horror he didn’t understand.
Castiel was back by 10am, looking worn, but whole. It had taken a lot of Gabriel’s energy to help heal him up. The wound to his wing had been particularly grievous, and he worried that the patch job they had done wasn’t going to last. It only had to last a week, though, he thought defiantly. Just a week!
Sniffling, Castiel stood up straight and smacked Gabriel lightly. “You’re a menace to humanity,” he muttered, sighing soggily with his next breath. “I’ll go change. I might have to borrow one of Lucifer’s shirts though.”
Even Abram snarled, “Birloga? Those creatures should not be donating anything. They are cursed!” and Benny spat to the side.
He released Cas’s hand and braced his elbows on his knees, leaning forward in work mode, kneading his palms slightly with his thumbs, and thinning his lips. “Now, I need to know… who else is sick?”
Joshua put up to surrendering palms and said, “I promise you, Castiel will be on his best behavior. He’s a good fellow, if a bit… well,
possessive Castiel.
Thus, “Father” Castiel had scrubbed himself down even harder in his old shower at his childhood home, using scent blockers liberally before fleeing his Father’s house.
A dark laugh barked out of Castiel and he turned to smile bitterly at Michael, who was still holding Dean by the waist, warily watching his baby brother with Alpha red swirling through his own eyes. Michael was also starting to stink up the place, the choking sour odor of rotten seaweed fogging around him, while Dean was definitely starting to smell distressed instead of aroused, sharp and acrid in Castiel’s nose. Both scents were eating into Castiel’s control, and he gripped his anger with every fiber of his pride to hold it together.
“Yes, mother,” he sighed out, exhausted by the thought of enduring his entire family.
Dean ignored the queasy feeling those words gave him, and, when Cas took his hand, he was grateful, slotting those slim fingers against his and ignoring any looks it got them.
He smiled, thinking about his possessive angel, and yawned widely, trying out a stretch. Sure enough, there was just enough room for his head and maybe half an arm stretch.
“If they threaten my супруг, I will kill them all,” the Blue-eyed Alpha said flatly.
“I ask assistance for our relative, our ancestor’s kin, Akio, also known as Gabriel, who has made a contract with Dean Winchester to save this world from doom. I ask this in Abe no Seimei’s name, and pray that Seiryu on the East, Byakko of the West, Suzaku to the South, and Genbu on the North guard and reinforce the barriers built to hold in the damages that will be done today, in the name of humanity.”
Century hotel with crushed velvet wallpaper and matching couches in the lobby, then HEAVEN was all dark blue carpeting and baby-blue, overstuffed chairs. There were white curtains around a few of the couches, if privacy was desired, and cubby holes for alphas needing a
Dean grinned at him slyly, “Sure,
He was not prepared for Michael to lean down sniff in front of him. “Dean, I’m aware you’re not a damsel, but you smell heavenly, like brown sugar and apples.”
Further argument revolved around Sam’s wanting to be there, and Dean not wanting him there. It was dangerous. Sam had to go back to school. He didn’t have time for near-death fights.
Pastor Jim was an old friend of John’s, back from his Marine days. He had come back from ‘Nam full of repentance and became a man of the cloth to make up for his days of death and destruction. He had PTSD and a quiet drinking problem. He ran a small soup kitchen and donated time to veterans at retirement homes. He was a good man.
Castiel stared at the ceiling, eyes focused on the hasty patch job from last summer’s rains (and that awakened him with a face full of water in the middle of the night). It had already been years that he had come under Joshua’s wing, preparing himself for his goal of being the shelter for others, the voice of compassion and wisdom for those in need.
He pulled the cup closer and nearly passed out at the smell.
Bobby grunted from the stove as he plated up his own share. As he sat down, he realized that he was being rude (big surprise). In Japanese, he said, “Castiel, do you need to be fed?”
like one.”
but we’ll use the English variant because it’s just easier.” Dean gave him a look at he brushed leaves and dirt off his ass. Cas ignored him. “Anyway, he’s an ancient dragon who lives in the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree, and feeds on corpses that fall to Nástrǫnd, a level of Norse Sheol.”
The guy chuckled at Dean’s expression, and said, “Sorry, man! I’m in a rush. Mother will have my head on a pike if I’m late. Lucifer Novak. I believe you’ve met my twin, Gabe?” He held out a hand for Dean to shake.
“HELL NO.” Dean had reared back in disgust.
Abram shook his head. “There is no way you can get in there. The family has abandoned it as cursed by illness and bad luck, and they are likely to burn it within the month. It is being closely watched by the neighbors in case of demons or ghosts.”
). The fun thing about this sect is that is so representative of Japan in that Enlightenment is sought through communion with the kami (神), which is the biggest aspect of
Castiel tried to avoid his gaze.
“The thing is… Nikolai’s family is from the Ukrainian/Russian border. There was a lot of fighting between bordering Cete and eventually a squad of Grimms were sent out to stop the local Wesen war from spreading out even further.”
He was asleep before he knew it.
“Hmm?”
“Uh huh.”
friendly, bub.”
Bobby waved them off, his big toe twitching through the hole in his slipper. “Just be careful.”
So that's why.
Sam sighed and gave up, even as Dean huffed his exhaustion over the edge of his styrofoam cup. Although his heat was over, he still felt empty, unsatisfied. His Omega had whined and begged to find their Alpha, and of course Dean hadn’t let them. But battling his Omega was hard, and he could feel it sulking in the back of his mind. Not even the silky, warm chocolate made it happy, and generally chocolate was the best balm for his mood-swings.
Benny nibbled on the edge of his mustache nervously. “Nothing, perhaps. We aren't sure.”
He turned back and struck twice more, striking the blue guy (Aoi?) in the back of the knee and, even with Akira screaming a warning, he nearly got his head removed from his shoulders, when the big red dude came rushing at him with a giant spiked club from behind.
He motioned somewhere to his right, Dean guessed it was towards the sea as he added,
“Yeah, yeah,” he mumbled, “Tell it to the mirror, Evil Queen. You’re the fairest in the land. Blah blah blah.”
Sam snuffles, leans back, and says, “You lost a lot of blood. They didn't think you were gonna make it.”
Frustration and anger rolled through the bond, and Cas hissed,
"Oh, God help me," Cas murmured gruffly and shuffled close again. "It’s not your fault! Dean…I decided to dedicate myself to God and His will. I cannot divide myself or I will fall into idolatry.” He groaned and nuzzled against Dean’s jaw, while–with each touch of Cas’s scruff–the feeling of being
Akira leaned back and gave Sam an unfathomable look, “Although I said your brother and the tengu only have three days, max, I wasn’t being completely clean about it.”
He plucked at the garments, slightly amused they had belonged to Bobby from his time in Japan. The hat was a meshy black thing that looked like a fancy tube and that had had to be tied on. The long kimono coat looking thing that Cas called a jōe was large all over and had to be tied at his hips with more cloth flopping over the tie, which he figured, from the satisfied look on Cas’s face, that it was supposed to be all floppy like that.
Dean fit in his doctor’s appointment when Michael had to go back to St. Louis for some meetings for a couple of days, which was amazing because he was a big boss, but he had been taking a lot of time to come have...
It was as he made that realization that there came a low-rumbling roar that he recognized to his cells and loathed with all his being.
, came the intrusive thought,
Dean threw himself back against the couch, whacking himself when his head hit the wall. He yelped, while Bobby and Castiel both shook their heads.
Josie doesn't try to bully Cas because he stubbornly gets right back in her face, her being a dame and all doesn’t faze him one bit, and he’s willing to go to war against her, fists, kicks, and all. She grants him a grudging respect and there's a tenuous truce between them.
But even Dean had to admit Bobby and Cas were more useful at banishing vengeful Japanese ghosts (the
“As long as you don’t make me give up burgers, pie, or beer, we’re golden,” Dean panted, letting Gabriel half carry him to the other side of the alley. “Cas, Bobby’s here, right? I don’t think I’m making it back to Baby right now.”
..Cas.
“Bond partner, huh?” There was another pop as Gabriel transformed into his third form. It wasn’t his ‘real’ form, since he was originally a wild fox, but he had been watching humans for millennia and he had taken a real shine to the American way of doing things when his family moved him and the household shrine to California.
know is what the fuck a you-may-whatever is!”
“Good thing too, from the looks of it.”
He smiled reassuringly at her and said, “My name is Ronnie Wood, and my buddy there is Darryl Jones. We’re students at Anchorage University, and friend there is doing his thesis on the Birloga.”
She learned that most humans ate food that smelled bad, and, when she dared to taste it, mostly sweet. She wandered into a 'cafe' that had a round sigil with a
lower back. He heard Dean murmur, “Shh shh shh… it’s okay. I've got you. I've got you. Dun be scared no more.”
apple-pie Alpha to come save him from the current-pushy Alpha, who was kind of an asshole.
Then again, most people met their mates in sensible ways. They met people who smelled and looked nice; they dated for a while and got to know them; they mated them officially after they had properly synced up, and they had fallen in love (or whatever). The crap Dean was going through with Cas was unreal and fucking stupid.
As soon as the door closed, Dean said, “I think we need to get to Homer and get Daniil’s chart.”
“They’re
The arguing got louder, and there was finally a boomed, “ENOUGH!”
for Michael, Dean had already thought he couldn’t get angrier and that things couldn’t get worse.
By the time they reach the third floor, Dean is breathing hard, sweating bullets, and nearly crying from exertion and pain. Sam has stopped muttering apologies, mostly because he's as sweaty and exhausted. The rests between floors have meant very little since they couldn't just pass out on the floor.
A big one from the look of it, too.
, he drew together the last bit of strength he had. He shuddered and tried to back up, only to find himself backed against the Lark.
Cas sat up. “So, we are going to stop her.”
Exhausted himself, Cas crouched next to him and gripped his shoulder. “We need to go to the end. Right now, all we can really see is trees.”
Dean shoved him back and got in front of him, “I made the decision to back down. We were made. She was deliberately doing nothing but snarfing Oreos and boxes of Little Debbies, while watching girly TV shows.”
Sam frowned and shook his head. “You’re such a jerk.”
“Are you sane again?”
Startled, Castiel stared at Michael in surprise. A fond smile crept over his brother's face, and Castiel realized that Michael wasn’t faking.
“Not with that shirt! I demand you go change into something proper for the occasion.” She looked daggers at his neck and he knew that even after all this time, his collar bothered her. “You’ll embarrass me!”
When they first met, the Cajun twang of his accent had amused Dean to no end, and it was by hanging out between clients or, very rarely, afterwards with a bottle of brew that they grew to be friends. Dean wasn’t legal, but who’s going to deny a second-level Alpha? But he liked Benny because he never judged him. He knew Dean was doing what he had to to survive.
This is why his baby brother was going to end up a lawyer.
"—but if he doesn't know—?"
of despair like he did as soon as they had gotten away from the rectory. It was bad enough that even Sam understood that something momentous had happened, even if he hadn’t really seen what it was.
Castiel had been then redirected to the police, and, using his credentials (and maybe his Father’s name), received the scant information they had uncovered. The security cameras had picked up two people dressed in black approaching and arguing with Dean before one tackled him and the other apparently injected him, the more physical one picking him up like a child and putting him in a black car.
managed to show up at Purgatory at least once a week to drag him out was killing him because he wasn’t allowed to say no.
“And… that’s all he does?” Sam looked confused. “He sneaks into places and mooches?”
One more thing to add to Michael’s personality: addiction.
"Finish your thoughts, Feathers," Bobby snapped.
assaulted his senses.
Ah, it tickled me a lot, this idea. (I don't have to be right. It's just fiction.)
Gripping his blue Bic pen like a lifeline, he jumped in. “Dean Winchester,” he scribbled and then ticked off, “Sex: male. Designation: Omega-2.” Huffing a sigh, he muttered to himself, “Just one billion more questions to go…”
A small whine escaped Dean. He couldn’t help it. Their scents were mingling into something heady that continued to eat at his willpower.
Michael shot him a look and shook his head. “I don’t need ‘tending to,’ Deacon Novak,” he muttered. “He’s beautiful and he smells wonderful. He’s about to hit the height of his breeding age, and he’s a good match, genetically. He’s a superb specimen of a second-level, so he’ll breed me fine Alphas, possibly even a pureblood.”
“Eat me,” Dean muttered and stomped towards his door.
Sam tilted his head, like he had never heard the word, and it didn’t surprise Castiel, since running into someone who was actually in seminary and a transitional deacon was rare. He smiled gently and laid his other hand over Sam’s as a warming gesture.
“I’m…open to suggestions,” Dean hedged. “I don’t think we can jump that gap easily,” he added.
"Big, red knots the size of oranges," Dean grinned, as Sam flailed.
Angels do not generally have to sleep, but Castiel’s grace was so depleted after a year of being cooped up that he found himself having to rest. It was not as if his grace did not regenerate; it was more he had been essentially cut off from Heaven by the sigils and so he had been living on his stored grace the whole time. Low batteries, after all, were practically unheard of in angelic circles.
“Like I said, Feathers over here is a tengu, idjit. He guards the scroll and he knows how to reseal it. He has magic powers.”
Joshua had his hand raised, glaring angrily at Cas, who had a red mark on his cheek and seemed to be blinking back to humanity.
Dean leaned forward a bit to watch the man’s reaction, and, sure enough, he woged in agitation, black fur sprouting all over his face, neck, and arms. The woge revealed his badger-like features, the short, flat nose and a mouthful of razor-sharp teeth. His ear elongated and sharpened at the tip, and his lightly fisted hands grew large claws.
Reluctantly, he watched Cas ask to have the pirozhki wrapped up to be taken home. He rubbed his stomach, and tried to burp delicately.
” His shoulders tensed and he stared at his hands. “
Dean didn’t know how he had managed to blurt that out. Cas was intimidating in the shadow of the doorway, the sun setting behind him and leaving streaky, faint rays of light that revealed that Cas’s shoulders were hunched and his eyes were glowing in the shade. Dean could see his hands were fisted, even as his nostrils flared, scenting him.
! You should show me some respect.”
Sam had turned to look at the fellow, squinting at him faintly before asking with a lilt at the end, “Yeah, I want to know how to become an altar boy?”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Gabriel, he didn’t even say that right.”
Dean yelped and dropped the bead in disgust, stepping away from it. The bead seemed to grow tiny spider legs and an eyeball, and, as it crawled closer to him, the drilled center apparently worked as a mouth.
The two men nodded and stood, stretching out their muscles. Benny gave Dean and Cas a suspicious look and pointed at them. “Do not make out on our furniture. We haven’t even done that yet.”
But not tonight. She did not gorge tonight. Too many humans were dying from her influence in the building and she liked it here, this new den.
At least, Dean hoped he wasn’t being serious.
“Indeed so here we are.” The blond tucked his clipboard under his arm and pulled out a tablet out from one of his pockets, tapping in a few things and humming with interest as he did. It was annoying, because Dean couldn’t see what he was typing in. But the doctor nodded and put the tablet away to scribble a bit more on the clipboard.
“Any clues?”
Dean hitched a smile on. “Maybe not, but it’s mine.”
It was critical to get it right. She’d have no other chance until after Nurarihyon emerged to lead the Night Parade. When she had sucked Dean Winchester dry of his life force, she would summon Nurarihyon and then it would be the end of days.
A brief pause and a harsh snort. “You have five seconds to tell me what you want before I hang up.”
“Is the morgue open?”
Dean gives him a grim smile and they head back to report in, leaving them to clean the mess and wait for the coroner. Meanwhile, they get to go back to the station and file the paperwork.
Sam had had a rough two weeks. In the two weeks since his brother had called him, he had had to rush all his projects; get special permission to leave because of a 'family emergency'; and run into a ton of Shintoists, Buddhists, and even a Yin-yang master. But the weirdest thing, he thought, was his brother and the tengu.
“Don’t you take that tone with me, Castiel,” she snapped. “Make sure you have tuxedo made for the event. We’re having friends over as well.”
is a Ninlchik word for "lair" or "den." I used it because they don't have a home base so their family is their 'den.'
He wished he could just hibernate and hide away from it all.
The bird’s beady blue eye seemed to look straight through him, and it shook its head. “Humans,” it intoned, fluttering down to Dean’s eye level. “I cannot fathom how you have maintained control of the planet for so long.”
means "Bear-spirit," (which... that's me. As far as I know, they don't have an official word for that) and which I'm using for Jägerbar.
Gabe shrugged and nudged Dean back onto the bed. “It’s more freeing than anything. No expectations that I have to take over the family business
She had freed some kappa into the river, but the turtle-like creatures didn’t like how polluted it was and grew angry (and murderous) very quickly. The okuri-inu loved chaos, and those she had loosed in the parks and mountains of Sioux Falls without a thought, the specter dogs waiting for unwary, late-night travelers to trip and fall.
Bobby flattened his lips in disapproval as Sam fled the room to collect their belongings.
Twenty minutes later, they were walking through the darkness of the Alaskan woods, Dean in four layers made of a tshirt, two flannels, and his hoodie. He felt a bit like that kid from A Christmas Story, and if he tried to put on one more layer, he wasn't going to be able to put his arms down.
“What the hell?” He finally muttered, hanging up the phone with a bang.
Sighing heavily, he considered that Michael had shown himself to be actually fond of Dean, had actually helped him while Castiel had been preoccupied with himself, just oblivious and inordinately selfish.
Grumbling, Castiel pushed himself up to sit at the side of the bed and leaned over to hide his face in his hands. “Why couldn’t I have been an only child?”
Those dark eyes flicked from Cas to Dean and she nodded warily.
Castiel frowned at the insinuation. “I’m not going to change my mind.”
“He is the village leader and the head Drang-Zorn of the Cete. We can’t do anything without his approval or the others will tell him any way.”
Sam wrinkled his nose at him and took a bite. “So how was work?”
, he just wanted to taste him. Surely he would be permitted? Surely no one could blame him?
Slapping him on the shoulder, Gabe jumped off the bed and said, “Glad to pop your cherry! Now, you look exhausted and, seriously, you’re going to need all your strength to put up with the entire fam.”
Turning grateful eyes on Benny, ignoring the slight wrinkling of Benny’s nose and watering of his eyes, Dean blinked back tears and tried not to stink like distressed,
They all looked to each other and nodded, and Dean climbed up the ladder to the rooftop first. He pushed the heavy metal panel up and cautiously looked out. The chanting was hella loud, now, and there was a definite buzzing like a million helium balloons had been charged with a million amps of static electricity.
“Our food.” Cas answered casually, eyeing the small restaurant. The façade was a bright robin’s egg blue, the beautifully carved window frames brilliantly painted in reds and yellows. It was ridiculously cheerful, and Dean just hoped the food was good or he was going to get a migraine from the shine of the place.
Things of Note: 1) I’m very aware of allegations against Catholic priests for molestation and such, and I suspect this is more of a US fixation on it. I don’t approve of the way the Church handles it, and I am hoping it is reflected in this chapter. Those men should be tried by jury and put away, not hidden by the Vatican. Anyway, “Spotlight” (2015) was a really good movie if you’re interested in Catholic priests and how the church handled their “broken” priests. (It’s a fancy docudrama, so you have to like that format…)
Dean pretended not to notice, since they had ushered him out into the same hallway and were trying to force him into a fur monstrosity: a giant gray fur coat, fluffy and soft, but…made of actual
Bobby frowned. “Castiel, is he right about the transformations? I know tengu aren’t supposed to look, well, small, I’d say.”
They were trying to rape
This had induced panic in Cas until he understood with whom he was speaking (
But then, like a switch had been flipped, the alpha looked angry and feral. A growl trickled out of his mouth. His gorgeous blue irises started bleeding alpha red, but Dean refused to heed his biological desire to stand down and present. He had fought too long to let any alpha show of aggression just make him submit. He growled back, baring his teeth and not backing down. At the dominating display, he felt more slick trickle out, and he choked down the moan that desperately wanted to escape his lips, as he clenched his fists at his sides. He was determined to stand his ground, no matter what.
Dean was wandering the hall, looking for someone—
“What about the donor? You said you found out who he was?”
One bird shrug and a lot of shooing later, Cas started to clean up the brush and twigs, while Dean and Bobby measured the three downed pines and the small elm that had come crashing down. They decided to use the elm, since the sap was less sticky. Cas said his ‘friend’ was particular and nothing less than some extraordinary effort was going to bring him forward.
For one, Akira was a woman, and they had all been under the impression that an onmyōji had to be a man. She had laughed at their stunned faces, a husky sound that shouldn’t have come from such a thin body, and said, “My name is very ambiguous for a reason. Akira is a man’s or a woman’s name.” She had smiled mysteriously and added, “I prefer it. I can be either.”
Tired of mulling over his thoughts, he thankfully pulled into the employee parking lot, locked up, and trailed his hand across Baby’s trunk lovingly as he walked towards the side of the building. He looked over towards the front doors and, sure enough, for a Thursday, the line to get into HELL was still around the corner. Dean had no idea how Crowley pulled them in, but they were like koi competing for food at a pond.
Dean wandered down the ladder, careful not to snag his bits on the way down. It was a ten-foot gap between the nook and the floor, which, again, was either perfect protection or stupid as hell. But the heat rose and it was toasty near the ceiling, the nook like a small oven. At least he didn't feel like he was about to freeze, even if he was buck naked.
“I like your voice,” Dean admits, “Josie is okay, but…”
Bobby snorted. “Better be a sight better than that thin lie you had dropped on my desk.”
Cas surreptitiously slid his hand to Dean’s knee and squeezed. Dean looked up and scowled heavily at him.
Of course, the fast boat ride meant Dean got to see Cas get all sparkly eyed and damp from standing in the bow and enjoying the
Cas fought his urge to roll his eyes and pushed himself to his feet. “Need-Hog. Sometimes Nith-hogger,
“Besides, you don’t ‘swing that way,’ right?” Abram murmured, his gray eyes curious.
“Not really. It’s just dangerous.”
The slightly younger and slightly more sober man licked his lips. He had just turned twenty-one, and drinking legally was a luxury. His roommate was seriously smashed though. And getting heavier by the second. The young engineer-to-be cringed at carrying the heavier man around the park rather than cross through it, but he really didn’t want his brain eaten. He rubbed his free hand over his faded black hair, wondering if he should call a taxi, but knowing that they’d be thrown out for a 50-yard ride because they were chicken shit and drunk to boot.
“Terrible things?” He’s tempted to lick the thumb, but knows this is important and waits.
Castiel bristled with the insinuation and the fact it aligned too closely to his own fearful thoughts. “I didn’t lose him! He was taken!”
She had even managed to release a tsuchi-gumo, which had fled and gone into hiding, preferring its own strategies for finding prey. She suspected that, like the kijo, it had fled into the mountain to find its food there. Spiders that size were sure to get attention in the human city anyway.
“Fucking ‘new beginnings’ and ‘romantic love,’” he breathes to himself as he removes and hangs his hat and overcoat. “Who am I even kidding? Doesn’t even know I exist…”
He skimmed the news article and tossed it back down on the table. “Well, there's the woman who was assaulted, the drunk passed out buddy, and the M.E. to talk to. Apparently the dude who went bonkers was the woman’s assailant, but he couldn’t explain anything and killed himself later that night.” He snorted. “I suppose we should suit up and go investigate.”
I want to make it clear that 14-y/os giving blow jobs to older men who are exploiting them is not cool. I have always understood the reasons people (especially women) fall into prostitution, but when they are this young, it's statutory rape.
This particular Thursday had started out annoying because he could
“Dean, what else did the doctor say? I mean, I thought it might be rabies…” Cas  patted his knee companionably.
, like butter scraped over too much bread. He looked fragile, and Dean didn’t like that either. It was just gonna be one of those nights, he supposed.
Confused, Dean asked, “What? Who? Gen?”
Blushing, Dean clears his throat. “It's, uh, been a bit of a rough week.”
, his subconscious reminded him tartly. He ignored it and kept his eyes on the guy.
Castiel had mostly seen the burnout phase, where alphas had been hooked on Heat too long and they lost their ability to function without it, a burnt out husk without natural pheromones or mind. But he had never seen someone recently high on it. It was new. It was disturbing.
World building Note: If it's not clear, Crowley owns a building with three levels of 'fun.'
Unsurprisingly, everyone just got out of his way, especially since Cas was still gripping the piece of wood without realizing he was still squeezing it anxiously, leaving a trail of splinters and gut-wrenchingly angry-Alpha funk in his wake.
He grumbled about the situation, marking the map where he had sent the teams: by the Falls, there had been more kappa attacks; in the city, there were more ‘shadow dog’ attacks; in Downtown, there were yet again rumors of a serial killer eating young men, and Will-o-Wisps that killed by touching you.
Dean looked up, and found the crowd of pale men had a leader. The man was ethereally beautiful with golden eyes and foxy features that reminded him of Gabe. He smiled at Dean, and reached out a hand to brush back Cas’s hair.
“What happened?”
the black specter dogs,
Sighing, he forced himself to release his grip and dropped the foot-long piece of antique carpentry into the trash can, the punctures from the splinters bleeding onto the white marble of the sink. He rinsed his hand and washed his face. He had to control himself. He wasn’t a beast.
He pondered for a moment whether or not he should reach out to his brother. After all, they had not parted on friendly terms—not by any stretch—and Michael was likely to still be extremely angry over Dean’s abandoning him. Not like “True Mates” wasn’t a good extenuating reason, but still..?
Dean caught Benny’s eye with a pleading look, but the traitor just shrugged.
Dean stared back, feeling underdressed despite the dress shirt and pants he was wearing at Michael’s request. “I am,” he said, raising an eyebrow, “and you are?”
Dean behind.
randomly hold young omegas down and mate them on the church lawn.
As she had time, she walked out to the edge of the woods, and regarded the city.
(獏 "tapir/Chimera"): [CREATURE] Baku is the Japanese word for the Malaysian Tapir (the black and white pig-looking thing). It is also the word for a mythological chimera. The traditional baku eats nightmares for people, and the Japanese will call it at night when they have bad dreams. If the baku isn't satisfied with the quality of nightmare, however, it may eat their hopes and ambitions (HA! You thought I was making that up!). The baku as a chimera is supposed to be an importation from China (like the nue) and it's said that when the gods finished creating all the other animals, they just pushed all the leftovers together and formed the baku. It is also true, according to old stories, that baku pelts were prized and made into blankets to keep away nightmares and promote good sleep for the human (not, obviously, for the baku). It changed to an
The balding guy grinned and reached for it, immediately setting up the hookah to his right so he could share with the dark-haired alpha. The dark-haired guy kept those predatory eyes on Dean, making him nervous. He couldn’t stifle his tense jump when the man slipped out his own handkerchief and delicately licked it, taking Dean’s hand and using the damp spot to rub over the spot Balthazar had kissed. Frozen to the spot, Dean watched the man carefully put the cloth away and lewdly sniff along Dean’s wrist and even pulled him closer to take a whiff at the crease of his elbow. It was unnerving and he did, at least, manage to stifle a squeak. If he hadn’t been at work, he probably would have decked the guy.
But Dean was tainted by his job, and it didn’t matter because Cas was off limits. Cas wanted to be a priest, no matter what their hormones said otherwise. So as much as Dean
But even as Dean set the drinks carefully onto the table, he realized the dark-haired alpha was watching him with hot eyes and a predatory gleam. He stifled his sigh, and, pulling a fancy red silk handkerchief from his pocket, he put down the tray and presented the tiny bottle of slick. “Alpha, I present to you the house special, O
Dean glared at the damn thing, and he snapped, “What the fuck is that?”
He pulled off his army surplus jacket, which had taken the brunt, and used its clean sleeve to wipe off what he could off his face and neck. The goop had gotten on Dean’s flannel and t-shirt, and they were sticking uncomfortably to his chest and stomach. “Man, I don’t have a clean set in the car. Should we go after the second one, or drop by the house?”
“Yeah, yeah, man. You sleep that off.” Dean grimaced as the Alpha was summarily plucked off him before he could wake up and make good use of his Alpha strength.
Yōkai were different than western monsters. On the whole, they liked teasing people as they walked, terrifying them for the heck of it, although there were other yōkai that were just hungry and, occasionally, vengeful and didn’t care if their meal was saturated in fear. They just wanted meats.
Dean seemed much more practically minded, although thinking that a pureblooded Alpha like Castiel couldn’t pin him down and make him submit was rather naive. It was in an omega’s nature to bend before a powerful alpha, and Joshua suspected Castiel was probably incredibly powerful, even for a pureblood. Still, the fact the lad still managed to stand in front of Castiel’s display—when most omegas would have immediately presented—was fascinating.
Dean smothered his laughter, but the amusement still bled through and the short pointed glare shot at him promised he was going to regret it later.
So getting Dean down the hallway and into his apartment is still something of a production for them, being exhausted as they both are at that point.
Benny was sitting on a tall stool outside the doors, burly and furry in dark jeans and a black t-shirt. He looked up from his skin mag to smile. “Hey, brother! Thought you were going to be late!”
“There’s only a friggin’ week of power left on the tree, Cassie. And look at you! You’re beat to hell! What the fuck were you thinking?”
The second-levels would have murdered him in his sleep than succumb to being housebound.
. He will kill us
“Then, what’s the right question?” Cas asked slowly.
Instead, he frowned and reluctantly nodded, curiosity beating irritation, since those green eyes sparkled at him with amusement. Dean smiled fondly and pulled Cas in tighter, using his small height advantage to bend Cas over his arm and kiss him deeply. Cas grabbed the back of Dean’s neck in panicked response, but it was soon soothed by the feel of those soft pink lips on his and Dean’s very talented tongue.
Benny kicked Nikolai with his still-booted foot, leaving a muddy print on the pajama pants. “You ass. The strong do not always win. One virus and we are laid low. What if this is God’s punishment for our arrogance.”
A flood of hormones made him pant, crouching over as he tried to regain some control, and he distantly heard a crunch and Joshua’s sigh. “And get a carpenter to fix that.”
Regardless of Missouri’s pronouncement, Castiel was at a loss. Dean knew the person who had taken him, if his last heard words meant anything. Castiel had contacted the airport security and they reported finding Dean’s broken phone and the tossed duffle bag hidden by the doorway column.
The raven radiated confusion. “I do not understand that reference, but, yes, the baku’s true form is that of the chimera: a bear’s body, an elephant’s nose, a tiger’s feet, an ox’s tail, and rhinoceros’s eyes. She has three forms, though, and the one she uses the most here on this plane is the tapir or, depending on how well fed she is, human female.”
. Dean let his eyes wander over the stained glass window of the spacious entrance way, the familiar-looking female butler taking his jacket and baggage and telling him to follow her.
Benny added, “Make sure the beds are all warm!” They eyed each other and busted up laughing.
But thanks to his losing life force and luck, his body got tired faster. He lost his breath so much quicker. He bruised and bled more. Even though Gabe pushed his limits every day, trying to boost his spiritual abilities and make it so his spirit and his fleshy bits cooperated better, his fleshy bits kept giving him the finger.
Most people in this world are non-secondry carriers, or considered null-betas. That is, betas with little to no lycan characteristics. They carry the genes, but they are recessive. Most first and second level don't want to breed with a beta because they think it thins the genetics. Betas face discrimination as poor breeders and as being (practically) the 'prolatariat,' the working group who keep their heads about them and keeps things running.
There was a soul-chillingly familiar moment of silence that marked the twins talking to each other without words and that definitely involved smirks and plans to make Castiel miserable.
Cas ignores him.
When their mother died in a house fire, their father had decided he couldn’t stay in Lawrence anymore and had become a bounty hunter. A true alpha to his core and an ex-marine to boot, John Winchester ruled with an iron fist, and he taught Dean everything he knew about fighting, tracking—and killing if necessary. Dean, after all, would present as
To Dean’s surprise, the door opens before they get to it and inside is a familiar blue-eyed man staring out anxiously.
Cas glances around, obviously intrigued, and says, “Looks cozy.”
Benny was starting to look agitated. “And then Katia died, and the attacks stopped for a bit, so we wondered if it had been her, which is blasphemous! She was a pious woman and a good wife! She died in her bed, just like Daniil, rigid and damp.”
She trembled in anticipation, knowing that her disguise was perfect, and disappeared into the shadows, ignoring the passed out drunk and the bits of Mark left in the grass.
“Birloga?” Nikolai hissed.  “
Overall, it was a weird meal.
Sam had been giddily grateful to escape their honeymoon phase and get back to Boston. They were going to see him again during the summer. He had even mentioned a girlfriend.
“If you are amenable, I would appreciate the window left open so I can get out in the morning,” he said pointedly.
She made a dismissive motion towards Sam, who had snuck behind Dean to fetch that three-pronged thing, while keeping an eye on Dean and his sword. Then her red eyes rolled towards Akira, and she sneered. “A lone onmyōji, and a
Sitting in front of him, on his haunches, was the giant Wolf. It observed him from a short distance, its bright blue eyes wary and waiting.
Damn...it was a nice one.
Even with all the yōkai, though, human hunters still swarmed to the city. Did they not understand yōkai were endless? They could not stop
Dean tasted like hot chocolate and pure temptation, and, because he’d never kissed anyone like this before, the Alpha could only follow his instincts. It was
Lucifer’s face smoothed, which was an indication he was lying about something, and Gabriel threw him a concerned look.
Gabe cocked his head and said, “Hmm… Nurarihyon is said to be the leader of the Night Parade.” He quirked a smile and added, “By himself, he’s pretty harmless, just annoying as fuck since he sneaks into places humans live when they are out and uses all their things, drinks all their beverages, wears their clothes.”
Narrowing his eyes at his brother, Gabe replied, "Dude, we can hold Mikey down between the two of us, but we're fucked if Cassy decides to wolf out. No one aside from
. (Silly rabbit... trix are for kids... )
“The original what?” Dean leaned back, incredulous. He frowned with disbelief. “What the hell is a candle aside from a thing made out of wax?”
crap and ignored it too. Considering Michael’s behavior, he wasn’t very nervous about sharing digs with Michael, and that’s all that mattered.
His discomfort was doubled by Gabriel’s hugging him with one arm. With a murmured, “Good luck, kiddo!” he ran off after Lucifer, leaving Castiel alone and very confused.
“Only let me sleep a couple of hours,” he stuttered, the cold making him shiver as crawled between the sheets. Cas must’ve raised his core temperature, since the bedding was indeed warm as he had promised.
“Can I see you again?” He asks Cas abruptly, thinking vaguely about how Sam’s gonna tease the
“You can’t stop me,” Eve sneered, rubbing her belly. The black paint on her stomach writhed and danced above her skin like it was alive, shifting out of time with the distended flesh beneath it. She patted it again, moving her eyes — once smoky brown, but now completely blood red — to set on the humans. Her gaze flicked between Dean and Akira, apparently aware they were the most danger to her, and she smiled blissfully at them, apparently amused at their aggressive stances.
oncoming lecture when appropriate. Apparently, he decided that giving Castiel space had been the wrong decision.
Castiel waved one wing, his primary feathers working as fingers, the tiny feathers at the top of the wing like thumbs, and a tiny staff appeared. It was three-feet tall, with a ring on top that was separated into two parts by elaborate gold metal work. On each side, a pair of large gold rings hung and they jingled faintly when it moved. Castiel sighed and said, “Dean, I need you to remain quiet for this part. Just focus on how the umbrella usually looks like for me.”
: (夢喰い) This literally means "Dreameater."
Faintly scowling, Dean was about to refuse when he looked up and found Bela had been observing them closely, sipping on her beverage as she matched their steps from a few feet away.
Finally, she said, “Your precious tengu is already downstairs. Move your ass downstairs, or I will introduce my Ralph Laurens’ to it. Capisce?”
He followed his nose out, wondering what smelled that delicious, to find two young men fighting on the church lawn. The younger one was lanky and obviously still growing into his own. His jeans were faded, worn, and a bit too short on him, the softness of baby fat was still evident around his face. Long, brown hair swayed as he yelled at the other, pointing fixedly at the church. The other young man had much shorter, blonder hair. He was taller, and his frustration was evident as he gripped his head and let out what Castiel suspected were a stream of swear words. He even recognized some of them.
Cas shrugs. “My whole family is from Pontiac, Illinois, but a few of us ended up in Chicago. Then Gabriel had a run in with the mafia there and ran off to New York.”
Sam threw himself at his brother, who caught him by the head and rubbed a noogie into it while Sam squealed and pummeled him.
The butler smiled a bit more widely and shook her head minutely. “No sir. I receive a generous wage. Please tug on that rope there next to the bed should you require anything else.”
“I’m never getting mated,” he muttered mutinously, trying to scoot back from Michael’s presence, although his back was already to the door, the armrest digging into his spine. He quickly ducked out of the car, sighing heavily when Michael swiftly followed him out and moved to catch him.
The moment was saved by a slouchy, troll of a man with a name tag that said ‘Marv.’
“Yeah, but weird rabies. The symptoms are there, but only in Wesen.”
The two times he had met the guy, he had acted all Meta-Alpha on him. Dean knew that he was a good-looking guy (he had a mirror), but that sort of behavior made him feel out of sorts. He refused to just present for any knothead that tried to dominate him!
The man chuckled and it was like hearing birds in the early morning. “Nothing bad. She will be rehabilitated. She is, after all, only human.”
do all the work? If I reel them in, I get forty percent.”
Stubbornly, he stood up and forced his feet forward, but they were starting to hurt from thin leather and thinner socks being no protection from the wet snow that had creeped into his shoes, or from the fact he had twisted his ankle when he had fallen.
“Dean, I may not be a yōkai anymore, but I still know five kinds of martial arts and, as you say, a shitton of spells. Don’t anger me!”
“Just go,” he muttered, pushing at Cas’s shoulder, and coloring prettily to his ear tips.
That sense of satisfaction roiled through Dean as Cas was wearing his old KISS t-shirt he had inherited from his dad (Dressed To Kill '75!) and jeans that were worn through at the knees. He automatically caught the phone when Cas tossed it to him.
sound and hopping around on its handle, which had become a small foot in a tiny wooden sandal, obviously gleeful about being aware.
Even as Castiel started to move, Dean shook his head at the strange alphas, looking down at his hands, with a small smile on his face as he sighed. He lifted his chin, and Castiel paused for a moment, holding back a gasp at how beautiful he was with the sunlight gilding him. Those green eyes glittered in the setting sun as Dean muttered, “Idiots.”
Dean had punched him hard in the arm. “Don’t call him an ‘it.’ I’ll pound you.”
Thanks to the injuries and unfortunate loss, Bobby had desperately put the word out for Mandarin-speaking hunters to call in. It was getting tight because it all hinged on
He slowly approached them and, as he did, a breeze blew by him, carrying a few orange and brown leaves with it and
"I won't be shorter than you forever, Dean!" He gasped as he wiggled free, hair mussed and face red. He threw a look at Dean that meant he was going to regret it as Sam straightened his clothes with an irritated huff.
Cas reassured him.
“I tried to call Dad but he didn’t pick up!” Sam choked out. “So I asked Missouri to bring me to you!”
He chewed some more and took another bite with another toe-curling moan. “It’s like my two favorite things in one dish! Why did I not know about this? Holy shit, this is delicious!”
And then he disappeared with a muffled pop.
Dean, but trying not to set off his bad temper.”
Dean seethed in his pretty
It was Dean who ripped the intruding Alpha out of the doorway, while Sam slipped out and held out appeasing palms to the gawping pedestrians and voyeurs. “Nothing to see here! Yes, Mrs. Welch, we’re back for the foreseeable future. No, Mrs. Barr, it was just a misunderstanding, now if you’ll excuse us…”
Dean, always the opportunist, had snaked an arm around Cas’s waist and pulled him onto his lap so that Cas was straddling him. “I mean it, you know.” He said softly, leaning in close and dropping tiny kisses on Cas’s lips.
Startled, Joshua asked, “Did someone touch you?”
He was fine without it. He had God and his duty.
Dean leveled a look at Sam like “duh” and put out his palm, saying, “Ideyō!”
When the elevator finally pinged and opened, the apartment was unoccupied, although it smelled horrendous and most of the lights were either flickering like a bad horror flick or just off, leaving heavy pockets of darkness.
Bobby grimaced and beckoned Sam over. “Get our hats and such, son. No one needs to hear tha—“
“Alright, then let’s get on with this, then,” Castiel said with a chuckle. Although Dean was trying to not laugh, it was hard because Sam’s hair was a wreck and his fuming as he tried to smooth it down was priceless. Castiel could almost see why Dean tormented Sam: he was adorable.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean noted the slip; Drang-Zorn communities were generally called Cetes. But both of the men were too upset to monitor themselves as tightly.
Abram motioned for them to sit on the couch, a large leather thing that was, aside from the TV, the most modern thing in the the living room. Dean sat on the end, while Cas settled next to him, Abram and Benny took chairs from their dining area to sit in front of them. “Well?”
“I’m not a runway model,” he griped, wiggling to get free of the woman’s hands holding him down with alpha strength and away from the eyeliner pencil. “Get off me!”
The staff Cas uses is called a
Abram nodded. “Daniil died after the doctor, but he was too weak to leave his bed. He had already suffered with the cancer, and then this illness took him. His body tightened entirely and he started refusing to drink anything. Eventually, he could neither breathe nor move. The light just faded from his eyes. He only survived the doctor by perhaps a couple of hours.”
By the river, he finally sighed heavily and said, “Well, this is going to have to do. We can’t make it too far from the house for now.”
Swallowing hard, he closed the hood of the car and felt the desire to
the spirit-eating Will-o-wisps. They couldn’t.
It was hot.
Jo shifted brown eyes over to Castiel, who shrugged. “You paid for that? We broke the whole wall!”
tell me that the reason they aren’t getting off of me is
He pulled back, his now navy-blue eyes gazing into lust-darkened green eyes. “You desire  women,” he said with a hint of sadness. He lifted his hands to Dean’s face, and touched the planes of his cheeks preciously with this thumbs He then ran his fingers through the short hair above Dean’s ears, while dropping more kisses on his reddened lips. “I love you, but I know my vessel is not what you want.”
The name on the plaque next to the door gleamed professionally, proclaiming “Anna Milton M.D. & Balthazar Hickey M.D.” and underneath it read “Internal Medicine.”
“Who are you?” She snarled, her black rimmed lips curling in warning that was more fear than anything.
Dean heard low sobbing, and was surprised that it was coming from him. It was as if everything was so far away.
First-level Betas are probably rarer than first-level Alphas because there's no real evolutionary advantage to it. They are basically false-alphas, without the knot and the hormone-driven body. I like to think of them as natural Spocks: calm, collected, until someone shatters their cool, and then
Dean threw himself onto the couch and watched Cas manhandle the pan in the fireplace without anything to protect his hand. It’s not like he ever really forgot that Cas wasn't human, but more like it was tiny things that made him remember.
The bird looked extremely insulted and said in that same gravelly voice, with a tone that was close to losing patience, “It’s just me, Dean. It’s Castiel.”
Dean nodded. “Yes, Bobby. No one got hurt this time, but I did see an umbrella give me the raspberry and Cas introduced me to a bead with an attitude problem.”
Cas’s mother cleared her throat awkwardly in the aftermath, trying to regain control of the assembly, and smiled tenuously at the remaining guests. “Uh, shall we move to the main ballroom?”
He swallowed hard and stared at his phone for a moment. “He just hung up!” He tried calling Dean back but it went straight to voicemail (where Dean said, “Not here. Leave a message and maybe I’ll call back.”)
“Gabe, we can’t tell him.”
Along with bruises from the constant groping, they had given Dean a hefty $5000 tip, which Dean was going to stash away immediately for Sam’s college fund. It was the biggest haul he’d had in his life, but he wasn’t sure it was enough compensation for being constantly fondled.
But his fancy leather shoes were not made for hiking through the biting air, nor was his tuxedo made to fend off snow flurries that fell like a deluge from heaven. He shivered, looking over at the pond and the shuddered as snow melted off his head and trickled into his collar. It didn't help his pants were already drenched in slick, but his clothing in general was getting wetter and wetter, and the cold was seeping into his bones more as he trudged forward.
"Look, there's nothing we can do either way!"
Dean swiped his face with a damp hand, relishing the slight cooling effect, and blew out another irritated sigh. He knew from Sam’s sniff tests that his scent had improved a lot, whether it was from the Thrall working or from hanging out with Michael. He had no idea, though, how much longer he could put up with Michael’s possessive grabbiness. He had allowed the Alpha to kiss him a couple of times, but mostly goodbye after a fun evening. Although it was evident Michael wanted to push for more, Dean was not a typical omega. Michael had earned a black eye the one time he had tried to insist.
“Demons? Yin-yang masters?”
Meanwhile, the slightest of breezes carried over the scent of blood, anger, and the superb aroma of satisfaction and happiness, and something else under that, like the fragrance of cinnamon pralines. It was buttery, sweet, laced with spice, and just golden, and it made Castiel’s Alpha stop and want to just roll in it. It took him a moment to register what made the scent to intriguing, his brain stuttering to a stop and his instincts slapping him around.
Castiel just turned back to the bead and they had a conversation in low voices, where in the middle of which they both turned and eyed Dean for a moment, and the bead was saying things that sounded seriously unflattering from the tone. Cas puffed up for a moment and said, “Enough. He is my partner for this venture. He must adapt.”
Port Graham was hard to get to, thanks to the terrain being too treacherous and rugged to get over in a timely fashion. It meant that the only means of visiting was by boat or by seaplane, and Dean was not even going to get in a tiny, single propeller P.O.S. when he wouldn’t even get in a huge metal canister than hurdled through the air. He had thrown enough paper planes to see how easily they went down. There was no fucking way he was getting in one. Fuck no.
Cas threw his head back and ground down a bit, moaning as he pushed Dean deeper.
Itchy-wren leaped off his palm and webbing spat out from one of his holes, covering the umbrella like a net. The bead made a sound like it was sucking up noodles, and the webbing suddenly got tight around the umbrella, and it began to wiggle like a captured weasel inside the web.
He’d pulled a few more favors with some of the Buddhists, but they didn’t like to work with others. They were, however, sending a few people to help out. If they didn’t show up soon, the city was going to be completely devoured by the yōkai before they even made it to the 108th day.
On Sunday, Castiel was feeling extremely nervous. He wasn’t certain why, but he was feeling it to his core.
The guy flew back from the impact and thumped to the pavement, knocked out.
. He had struggled with feelings of discontent that he could never show. He had watched his nestmates quietly form bonds with other angels at the their very young age, and, when he asked Joshua about it, Joshua had patted him on the head and said, "God has a plan for us all, little one. Maybe you haven't found yours yet?"
[ch7]: AKA-
(See the end of the chapter for
“And then,” he asked.
removed.”
“I am,” Dean snarked, and slashed at her. He cut through the giant sigil, distorting it further.
Shesh leaned back in his chair. “Indeed, who was he?”
His Alpha snarled bitterly that he had missed the real thing. That his
Cas immediately came over and looked. He also hissed at all the blood and dragged a chair to the sink, motioning at Dean.
The guy had been summarily thrown out, banned from the premises, his fees doubled, and his friends had also been threatened with permanent expulsion. It was actually a bit of a relief considering how he used to have to handle it: a fist in the guy’s face and then either running or beating the hell out of the john. He might be an Omega but he wouldn't go down without a fight. He was used to fighting. His Dad made sure of that.
He didn’t relax when he recognized Castiel, and, in fact, seemed to become even more wary, snapping close the hood of the car as he swallowed hard and stared.
With Ichiren-Bozu’s help — indeed clinging onto Dean’s chest like a brooch — Dean had made it somehow, and now they were waiting. Castiel told Dean it didn’t usually take very long to get a response, but that his ‘friend’ was tricky and difficult. He might make them wait just because he felt like it.
Michael squinted at her (in a weirdly familiar way) and said, “I’m sorry… have we met?”
If I said something... off... or offensive, please tell me. I've been staring at Japanese books for like months so my brain may not be at full speed.
He did, of course, regret washing off the mix of their scents, but it wasn’t as if God would allow him to forget his sins.
Shaking his head against the cool wood, he groaned, “When will this ever end?”
He gripped Sam’s shoulders to push away far enough to look him in the face, the hazel eyes red and filled with tears he kept trying to wipe away with ungloved, cold-reddened fingers.
Michael snapped his fingers and gasped out, “AH! Yes! I remember!”
“Glad you see it my way.”
“Yes. They are dragonets, about the size of gryphon.” Cas pondered as Dean dug out a granola bar and ate it, refusing the water as he knew Dean–only human–would need it. “They probably hunt humans wandering the realm looking for lost loved ones or salvation.”
The rest of the hunters were going patrolling, while Akira, Sam, Dean, and Gabe went to the CenturyLink Tower. Cas was told to stay at home, and not all the pouting and puppy-dog eyes were going to change Dean’s mind about it. The tengu looked even worse, like the weight of his flesh was barely there. His eyes had sunken into his face a bit, and lost most of their luster.
If you see any mistakes, give me a holler. I'll fix it!! Thanks!
keeps telling me that. What I
together. If he really wanted better for Dean, he was going to have to tolerate it.
. If there’s no one there, we leave, got it? I’m not doing this again. It’s embarrassing.”
“Two moons… you mean two months?” Dean scrubbed his fingers through his short hair, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Fuuuck. Seriously?”
Dean shook his head and then eyed her for a moment. “Am I…” He coughed awkwardly. “Am I supposed to tip you or…?”
Cas snorted. “If the poets are correct, fairly often.”
Because he had scented that Cas
Understanding lit Gabriel’s face. He flicked his gaze over to Castiel only to shift it back to Lucifer, widening his eyes questioningly.
Abram’s dark, shaggy eyebrows shot up. “Why?”
As Cas took off running after Dean, the pixies shot at them. Cas figured Dean would be okay; he was used to dealing with pixies, albeit not this many. It was the extra weight, the distance, the lack of power, and the probability of fighting off doses of elf-shot venom that were concerning Cas with this jump.
Dean grinned wolfishly, knowing Cas would be able to see it despite the dim light. “Gut feeling.”
Two sets of similar eyes looked at him in surprise and (in one case) a smidgen of suspicion, and he raised his hands in surrender against them. “I used to be a growing teenage boy. I am assuming it would at least last you until you get home for a proper meal.”
Dean tipped her chin up with a finger and winked at her. “Well, I can imagine a lot, so do your worst.”
Dean snagged the tail of his shirt and dragged him back down.
So much for a slow day to clear off any paperwork.
was the pair of lips that he kissed again and again, amazed that they were real.
Petulantly, Castiel snapped, “But it
They had hit a point in the text where Castiel knew there were issues, and even had a brief argument on whether iron
Instead, he kept to his healing process, going out to the river to recuperate his spiritual purity (Ha! Not with
Cas shrugged. “It’s an old Russian saying. ‘Щи да каша — пища наша’ or ‘Shchi and kasha are our food.’” He chuckled. “The young man at the general store was quite cheerful and mentioned it. Said it was the only place in town to eat.”
Unable to take it, Dean suddenly pushed Cas back onto the wide, pine coffee table and watched his wings flutter to try and keep his balance. He looked down at his angel for a moment, spread over the light wood, the firelight flickering over his taut flesh, and throwing shadows onto it. He grinned wolfishly at the site of his angel displayed in front of him. Cas was beautiful, his eyes dark and trusting, his wing tips curled towards Dean.
He wasn’t even wearing his collar.
Michael smiled benevolently. “Oh don’t worry about that. I’ve got it handled.”
“Shit. That’s right.” He scowled at the filing cabinet. “Well, who did the doctor see before he died?”
Castiel turned the heat up to high, noting absently the way the flames engulfed and licked around the edges of the pan, flickering over the sides. He dropped a fat pat of butter onto the pan, which melted immediately and began to turn black.
hidden.
, Cas. If it’s
“We have to get past the biggest nest of pixies I, personally, have ever seen in my long life, Dean.”
He sniffled loudly as he sucked back a big gasp of air, not letting waterworks get the better of him, and laid small kisses on Cas’s head, feeling the tengu trembling in his arms. “Every fucking day, you’ve been with me almost twenty-four hours a day. Every day, Cas!”
"Gabriel contracted with you. He'll do his part," Castiel said tartly.
As the group made their way to the Tower, the atmosphere in the car was tense. Sam was playing with the metal thing that Bobby had found for him, something called a Vajra. It was the size of a knife, but it was the shape of a tube and it had heft to it. Elaborate symbols decorated the sides of the gold tube, and each end had four prongs surrounding a short pointed piece of metal to, as Bobby had said, crush evil.
Dean and Cas make a journey to Port Graham. It's
expect was the low, warning growl that escaped Castiel, who immediately looked mortified and repentant. As Joshua and Sam gave him twin surprised looks, the Omega had stopped mid-action and released his own small growl.
“Deacon Castiel,” he tried, his voice unsteady, hoping using Cas’s title would bring him to. “Sn-snap out of it. You’re a man of God, right?”
Bobby sighed. “Yer gonna get yerself killed, aren’t you, you idjit!”
Dean smirked and leaned back a bit to stare at her. He couldn’t smell her, but her eyes gave away that she was an omega. Her feistiness also made him suspect she was at least a second-level Omega. A very rich one at that. But from the tip of her fancy shoes to the top of her fluffy coiffed head, she was obviously a demented bitch. Michael, after all, had never mentioned her and barely spared her a moment when they walked in.
“What?!” Michael shouted into the phone. “Who the hell took him? From where?”
“嘘じゃないと思う,” said a voice by Bobby’s left hand, and they all recoiled. Sam had seen the bead a few times, but it was always disturbing. The bead, now a spider-looking thing with a giant eyeball and disconcertingly long eyelashes, was watching them. He said some stuff that made Bobby and Akira nod, and Sam had to clear his throat and get their attention.
“Well, I suppose something like that.” He paused and watched the water swirl the souls away downstream. “I actually have no idea.”
The earth beneath their feet was soft and smelled of decay. The roar sounded overhead again, causing Dean to look up again. “Okay, so you were saying about a dragon in a bush?”
He sighed as he answered the door, opening it to find Sam and Dean on his doorstep.
Mindlessly, Castiel released an involuntary, soundless-hiss at the pair, puffing up his feathers, and leaning back out of their reach before he flew to a safe spot on top of the bookcase to glare at them, ignoring their confused expressions. He rah’d angrily and flapped from one side of the bookcase to the other, huffing out angry bird noises.
"So when you finally pop yer knot and find a nice girl to settle down with..." Dean imparted wisely.
“Yeah,” Dean grumbled. “Probably.”
Purebloods are probably the most laid back because they have nothing to prove. Out of the three, however, if they lose their temper, they're the worst. They expect everyone to just give in to their whims. They are, in oh so many ways, dicks.
He snatched his arm back, snorting a bit to get the stink of ocean and bamboo out of his sinuses.
“What are you looking at, bird brain,” he grumped. What did he care if a bird was eyeballing him? He pulled on his boxers, still feeling the bird’s gaze, and he snapped, “Take a fucking picture, for fuck’s sake!”
“Oh, what the shit? Really?!” He facepalmed and pulled his hand down to sit over his mouth and chin, groaning. “Fuuuuck. Who’s he gonna send it to, though…”
Dean shrugs, puts on his jacket, and is relieved to see his overcoat and hat on the table next to them. He picks them up grateful, but gives Cas the eye.
“Hey! Hands off the goods, padre!” Castiel got a flash of bright green and freckles as the older boy stepped between them and slapped away Castiel’s hands brusquely with a narrow-eyed glare. Castiel looked into his face and his breath hitched in his chest. The sun-kissed, freckled skin was warm and still dewed with youth; he was a beautiful young man of maybe seventeen or eighteen, despite how that lovely pink mouth smirked at him and his green eyes filled with derision.
He decided to skip classes, because he just didn’t understand what was going on and this seemed important somehow. Dean didn’t act like that ever, and if Sam needed to lie to Dean to help him, then so be it. Even if that meant sneaking into Dean’s room at 7am and turning off his phone because the school was going to call him about Sam being absent. He’d try and delete the voicemail later, if he could figure out the phone lock, but Sam was betting on it being [IMPALA].
Dean noticed Sam was also watching the guy carefully, and, when Mr. Blue Eyes saw that, he motioned Sam over with one hand.
Dean immediately wanted to puke out whatever he had managed to eat at the renewed heavy aroma of bamboo and ocean assaulting his nose, and it got worse as Michael leaned in and kissed him lightly on the mouth.
! Fucking Houdini’d on me!”
Castiel smiled at the unconscious desire of his Basherter to soothe him, and laid another set of soft kisses on his head, gaining him another sleepy smile.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head at the inside joke. "The usual, Meg."
“We’ll break the spell,” Dean had said stubbornly. He blew out a breath. “We’ll break the spell, and he doesn’t have to know about all this.”
"She'll have me." Castiel interrupted. Hael looked up, her blue eyes lined with navy and black, grateful that someone was diverting their mother as Dina swiveled her head to glower at Castiel. “Mother, you look lovely.” He added dutifully.
in the middle of his first rut at fourteen—bewildered by his suddenly being on four feet and covered in fur—Michael had never quite forgiven Castiel for taking their father’s affections from
“Hey!” Dean yowled, snagging Sam back into a headlock and applying a new round of noogie torture. “I am God’s gift to this
“Murders? How and how many?” Dean was moving into his professional mode, and Cas just let him, his blue eyes hooded but paying attention to parse info with Dean later.
Ichiren-Bozu was having a small argument with Dean about something called “Pulp Fiction” and what was in the briefcase, and Castiel felt himself start to drift. He was doing that more and more these days, as his power tried to support Dean’s losses in luck and life force. It wasn’t a lot; just enough that the power drain was making itself known. Right now it was small naps. Sooner or later he’d have to abandon this form. He wasn’t looking forward to that. He genuinely feared what Dean would say to his more “true” self.
Akira nodded. “Good question.” She folded her arms against her chest and said, “Two days, now, if my divination is right, and it is never wrong.”
Father Joshua hadn’t been home when Castiel had crept inside in the morning, slinking into his small, utilitarian bedroom. It had never seemed so empty, considering his small desk was up against his simple twin bed, a bureau he barely used, and a closet he very much used were all that occupied the room. As it was, that was all the available space, save for a two-by-three block right next to his bed he used to get dressed and get in and out of bed.
Most people would have put that down to being beaned in the head with a baseball, but this late in the game — what with the tripping, the nearly drowning, salt getting mistaken for sugar, his burgers always being overcooked, the consistent lack of hot water or, more so of late, too much hot water — he was used to the constant tolls on his body.
She pointed to the whiteboard, indicating the center of the board where a sigil of some sort had been written. Dean only recognized the giant pentacle in the middle, the rest just looking like scribbles that spiraled around and away from the center. In the middle, there was a Chinese character “鵺” and a bunch more scribbles that he took as more writing. To him, it just looked like someone with a shaky hand tried to write something out.
being things to watch for. Sam was pretty sure that kissing was one of those Things.
Lucifer shuddered. “Infinitely worse. I love Mikey, but he can be such a douche.”
But Dean deals with enough insanity in his day job that dating a wacko dame doesn't seem relaxing. And that’s all he wants nowadays: some relaxation.
Yeah, World Building note--A/B/O: There are three levels of lycan in each gender designation, but only women and higher level male omegas can give birth. Even in that case, female alphas of all levels have issues carrying to term. Second-level alphas think they are bad asses, but the law is technically on the omegas' and betas' sides. However, that old saying about 'heaven is high and the emperor is far away' works here, meaning no one pays attention because alphas are generally vindicitive asshats and law enforcement is often made up of alphas.
Shesh quirked a smile and chuckled lowly. “You two do not have the right question, only the wrong answers. There is no ‘Misha Quma’giinaq’ and there had not been in a long, long time, since before the white man arrived on our lands.”
“Well, that’s not awful at all,” Dean snarked under his breath, frowning at the rest of the room. If the doctor fell ill that quickly, there was unlikely to be any more evidence in the clinic. But, perhaps… “Can I get into the doctor’s house? Is there anyone there?”
Dean huffed and licked his lips nervously, not missing the way Cas’s eyes followed his tongue as it swathed across, his hips grinding up even as Dean bore down. “This. Give me this heat. This rut.”
Cas doesn't really even sound bitter when he says all this, just tired.
“Well, this will prove most irritating,” said a gravelly voice somewhere above him.
. Just, not the usual.”
Finally, title taken from
Beneath them, as if aware of their trespass, the souls swirled and looked to be howling at them, while the pixies screeched warning. He didn’t know what was behind them now, but the shots had stopped even as Cas tossed Dean through the barrier and onto the island. He felt the exhaustion hit him, the elf shot, the lack of power, the low Flame, and, as he hit the barrier himself, he passed out, oblivious to all.
“Thrall? Are you serious?”
. He just
IS DEAN PREGGO?! TUNE IN NEXT TIME TO THIS SPOTTILY UPDATED STORY! (I love you all. Really. I'll try harder.)
“Then twenty-five,” the alpha had pushed, crouching down to look Dean in the face.
He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, and Castiel tried not to think it was adorable. “So, uh, will you please help us out? Before, y’know, the world ends and stuff?”
Eve smiled lovingly as she thought about her new companions.
“Hmmmm. You sure about that, little bro? The gods work in mysterious ways.”
He took himself in hand, his grip loose as he pulled forward, shuddering at the pleasure, the impure thoughts of Dean’s rough hands touching his body making him harder in his palm. The idea of Dean presenting sent floods of desire south, his knot tightening, sweat beading his brow as lust swelled at the thought of the slick,
Joshua clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder, making the surprised Omega wince. “Wonderful! So once you’re done here, maybe you can look at the fan in my office. For some reason, when I pull the chain, it refuses to move.”
Dean shook his head. “I'm doing him a favor. He helped me out of a tight spot, so I owe him.”
White eyes turned on them and he said, slowly, as if aching from it. “That man’s name was Adrian Rock. With the
sexy.
second-level Alpha, his body slowly changing back, as a few people cried at how frightened they were, while a few whispered about how glorious a
The phone call dropped and Sam stared wide-eyed and scared at a concerned Missouri. He whispered, “Dean?”
you tell us about her,” Gabriel said through a mouth full of chocolate and nougat, settling himself next to Castiel.
The family was meeting in the large setting room. It was large enough to fit twenty people comfortably, with the art on the walls generally switched out for up-and-coming artists. When he walked in, he found a lovely, if frazzled Hael, being berated by their mother. No one else had yet arrived, and he supposed Hael had just gotten unlucky. Or Dina had specifically waited until Hael was alone to lecture her. He wouldn’t put it past her; the twins had to get their meddlesome nature from somewhere.
While Dean stewed in his pissiness (and stunk up the car doing it), Michael drove them to the restaurant in record time. It was like god was favoring Michael and granting him all green lights. Just another reason Dean felt irritated.
“But… maybe…” he paused, the sound of his typing loud in Castiel’s ear. “Let me call you back. I need to check something.”
Michael made demanding motions with one hand, while using the other to take a sip of his coffee, and Castiel stifled a sigh and handed over his book. He wasn't disappointed by Michael's condescending response.
Tilting his head again and staring at Dean like he was studying him intently, he murmurs, “It was entirely selfish. I wanted to meet you.”
(陰陽師 "Practitioners of The Way of Yin Yang"): [BELIEF/SYSTEM] Literally the practitioners of Onmyōdō (陰陽道 "The Way of Yin Yang"), which is a combination of several Japanese "Ways" but primarily the Chinese arts of  Wu Xing (five elements) and Yin Yang. It was originally used for divination, beginning in the the 6th C, and, in the 7th C, it eventually made its way into the Imperial Court. Onmyōji were the fortune tellers of the government and spellcasters who protected the Capital from spirits. The most famous of these is Abe no Seimei.
He huffed, “Yeah, well… you’re an ass.”
While wrapping his legs around Cas and hauling himself up to tantalize Cas with his ass more, Dean looked up at Cas through his lashes. The Alpha gasped as his cock slid over the slick-rich cleft of Dean’s ass, and Dean moaned as–for a moment–it caught on the rim of his hole.
“Are you okay, Dean?”
Swallowing hard, Dean squeaks, “Why?”
But the reality was, indeed, Dean was an excellent cook. He moved with ease in the unfamiliar kitchen, cooking up the fancy grilled cheese sandwiches with the thin slices of ham in them and plating them with a small bowl of cream of tomato soup. He had found a couple of cans of it in the pantry and he had added some cream and a bit of dried basil and garlic powder to punch it up.
He ignored the eye roll this time, and turned to look at the cabin again.
His heat finally hit him on Saturday.
Thursday, Dean and Sam showed up as usual, Dean again not coming to the door, while Sam was happy as a clam. “Hi, Deacon Castiel!”
Dean felt the air cool as Cas backed up again and stared at him with those now-mostly blue eyes.
, his hateful Alpha whispered.
help.
(べとべとさん): [CREATURE] These things are formless, except for wooden sandals (geta) that make sounds as they walk. They feed off of fear, and hide in dark areas. They follow people home by matching their steps, the sound of wooden sandals echoing after the person, stopping when they stop, getting closer and closer to the walker.
There was a Buddhist Hell. That’s all that mattered.
“Excuse me, but I am
it doesn’t mean I’m just gonna roll over and let myself be bought like that!”
Title from The Allman Brothers Band, "
“Demon Woman was very angry with him,” the Alpha (mate??) added.
He had a definite destiny, he knew. He had been given a vessel made by earth from The Garden, and it was given life by His Father’s will. “Take care of this vessel,” Joshua had told him, patting his shoulder gently. “It will serve you well, and I suspect you will use it better than most.”
There were so many things that hadn’t made sense until
Dean snorted amusement as he scraped the eggs into the trash, shaking his head. “How is it you can read a million books and still be so fucking clueless about cooking?”  He pointed at the pan with the fork he was wielding. “Seriously, can’t you squeeze a cookbook into your schedule?”
Gabe sat in his tiny fox form and watched the tengu hiss his way through some of the wounds. He shook his head. “This is ridiculous. I might not have the bond you have, but I am bonded to the guy. I can do it, just for tonight.”
When Bobby and Sammy finally came downstairs, bleary eyed and tired, he ignored them and their complaints about his running about. Bobby even made a snide remark how he was impressed Dean hadn’t died running around like a maniac.
Dean’s open mouth turned into a gape as he spied Cas.
Dean grinned up at him and changed his movements from pure panic to just smoothing over Cas’s warm skin.
] Well, you can also be
They left Marv the Shitty-beta Tailor to his work, with the knowledge that the other suits and the tux were to be sent to Purgatory under Dean’s name.
The host swooped in and showed Michael a wine bottle. Dean watched Michael sniff, swirl, and taste the wine, before declaring it good, and Dean decided he had to stop rolling his eyes or they were going to get stuck that way.
“What…?” Castiel spoke ten languages fluently and that was what fell from his mouth. On the other hand, it was probably fortunate that was the only thing: his mouth was starting to water. He could have bathed the boy in it, it was getting so severe.
Gabe frowned. “I sure as fuck hope you don’t owe him
But a pureblood was as rare as finding a pearl in an appetizer oyster. No one in his life had ever just
“Oh my god, yes! That’s a perfect idea, Sven! Why don’t you get that set up and I’ll start with the omega in the bedroom?”
Although the humans might have missed the tiny smile Castiel was wearing, Gabriel could see it. “Either way, it’s what I want, Gabriel. I won’t regret it.”
“I guess we’ve found Arina.” A sad, sorrowful expression passed over of his face, and he felt the loss like it was his own. “God, she’s just a baby…” he breathed, rubbing a hand over his eyes. He pulled down and gripped the edges of his mouth. “Fucking hell,” he muttered, pointing the flashlight at the body’s decay and checking how old the blood was. “She looks likes she’s been dead for a couple of days. I guess whoever's doing this ain’t keeping them alive for long.”
Joshua smiled slyly for a moment, letting it slide away before Dean saw it, when he replied, “Perhaps you are. After all, the Lord —”
Joshua nodded. “We’re closer to the end of November than the beginning. It was going to snap at some point.”
. It means "9 tails." That's it.
He knew the magnitude of his actions. His wolf, however, did not care about vows or life plans. His wolf, for once in all his years, had been content and even happy until they left
“Four seconds,” Michael intoned.
she was. Sure, she was fat as a manatee, but manatees can
Distractedly, Cas adds, “Whatever looks good with chicken, please. Spicy, if possible.”
Now, the one person he thought would never leave him was gone.
“I’d hardly make a meal, Dean,” Cas retorted. “Just tell me when you feel better.”
The “walking pest farm” stood stiffly at that and eyed him with its beady blue eye as if thinking about how to smite him. Bobby sighed.
The Wolf huffed decisively and Dean looked back up to find he had rolled his blue eyes.
They drove away and, had managed a couple blocks before being hailed by a dirty-blond man with a ridiculous goatee and a yellow Russian shirt. “Абрам! Бенедикт! Вы двое приносите только одни неприятности! Почему вы привели постороннего в клинику? Нам не нужна помощь от таких людей как он!!
good nights, he pulled in almost a thousand bucks from a
“AKIO,” she hissed in a commanding tone, and Gabriel snapped his attention to her face with narrowed eyes.
Dean felt the flood of relief and odd anguish that welled up in him at being recognized, and squirmed at how uncomfortable and at odds it felt.
As he vaguely remembered, there were several columns of rotating rows of plants, looking like something out of a sci-fi movie, now obvious in the bright overhead lights of the greenhouse. There were what looked like small robots slipping in-between columns measuring soil samples and whatever else (Dean had no idea). It was beautiful, with some columns getting more direct light than others and other rows sprouting green-leafy things that looked like lettuce and spinach. There even seemed to be tomatoes and other things growing off the rotating plants. He looked around and realized he had to be sitting in the sprouting center, as there were long trays of sprouts, ones he had originally seen under the violet lights, their tiny green shoots more obvious in the brighter light of the overhead lighting.
He was interrupted by a low, vibrating moan that sank through the floor and into the parlor.
Michael smiled smugly. “You can’t tell me you’re not impressed.”
“Luci, what are you hiding?”
Sam grunted as he managed to get his giraffe legs under him, patted at his hair to get it settled, and nodded. “Of course, Dean. I’m thirteen, not seven,” he said with disgust.
“Dean,” he would breathe out like a prayer. “Dean!”
,” murmured the blonde guy. He flicked his ice blue eyes over Dean’s body, leering as he eyed over the black leather pants. He unceremoniously pushed the purring omega off his lap, who landed with a grunt and swung angry eyes at Dean. Like it was
“Yeah, whatever Webster.” Dean shook his head minutely as he rolled his shoulders again, bending over to grab his duffle. “Let’s get moving. We’re on a clock.”
Dean angrily pulled on his boxers and turned to pull a t-shirt from out of the dresser. “Sure you didn’t. That would be super creepy if you were anything other than a feathered menace.”
Castiel released a long, suffering sigh.
He shuffled on some fuzzy bear slippers that Gabriel had bought him on his last birthday, stopping by the restroom to do his business and brush his teeth, and made his way downstairs. He didn’t put it past Dean to come back up and tickle him into submission.
But now that he was home, Castiel was uncertain what he wanted or why he had come
Dean pointed up. “He’s sleeping. He wasn’t looking too good, so I let him sleep.”
So it was like fooling the alpha’s brain thinking their ‘bond mate’ was in ‘heat.’
you, and that would be my
There was then the awkward moment when the doctor realized he recognized Dean by the widening of his eyes, and Dean realized he recognized the doctor with a groan and slapping a hand to his face.
The doctor’s office was in Kansas City, about an hour’s drive by I-70. The traffic wasn’t too bad until he closed in on the city limits, and then Dean was white-knuckling and swearing up a storm as people blithely cut him off without signaling or slowed suddenly. This was why he hated taking his Baby into the big cities. Assholes.
Oh, Dean’s face shuttered close, and his lips pressed together like he didn’t want to talk about it.
“Sir, this is the last bit! Look, look!” The blond with too much hair pulled a lip balm from his pocket with a flourish. “No lipstick or anything. Just lip balm!”
Dean went still and he shot them a shit-eating grin. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, guys!”
In all actuality, Dean was avoiding all emotional conversations and, if he could, he would just die with his chick flick moments buried in his chest with him. He averted his gaze and said, sulkily, “He’s got to be busy, Bobby. I don’t want to drag him out here.”
The realization of his hopes coming true, to have his mate at least desire him, Dean came hard, crying out as his pained fingers dug into the soft earth and his body seized as his sore muscles recalled they ached.
Thanks to
Dean started to open his mouth to smack down this stupid idea when Sam stopped him with two open palms and hurriedly said, “I mean, we’re going to be here for a while for once, and I’d like to at least experience it...if it’s okay..?”
No tengu. No onmyōji. No one.
“Aw, look. True love rears its ugly head.” Gabe had snickered in the back seat, while Sam whined, “I didn’t
Dean had learned that Michael knew how to smile without looking like he was being an ass about it when the kids had cheered and laughed at the losing team before hurrying off for ice cream. It had been enlightening to see Michael interact with kids.
She gripped her stomach and threw back her head, screaming even more, her throat taut, the veins in her neck in sharp relief.
Seimei, the Japanese version of Merlin, showing up. That was like aiming for a sugar cookie and ending up with wedding cake. “They like you,” she had said, shrugging.
Kitsune reminder: They grow new tails as they age, although 9 is the general limit.
“What happened to flying under the radar?” Dean asked with a chuckle.
Sam was eager to get straight to it, but Castiel handed him some paperwork from off his desk to fill out, making Dean crane his head to look, and asked them, “Where did you receive your First Communion?”
looking, but I don’t see what the big deal is,” she muttered, her British accent making it sound even bitchier. She batted her long lashes at Dean, and stated more than asked, “So you’re here with Michael?”
Best pre-heat curative
“Looks like a raven,” Bobby said mildly.
Lev said shortly, “Besides, they can’t help us.” He woged and Dean looked away. He chuckled darkly. “Special circumstances. Better to keep it amongst us here.”
Bobby leaned forward into Castiel’s space. “Why’s that, exactly?”
times.”
He trusted Sam to get his homework done and clean the kitchen, so he took a nap.
Dean smirked at her and stood straight so he towered over the smaller Omega. “Look, lady, I don’t know what your problem is, but Mikey is asking
Cas agreed. “The stench is a good indication. The rage and brute strength is another. I concur.”
2) Bela is OOC. I know she is. She will be more IN character later, but I want to illustrate how much she wants this. ;)
Not that Dean cared about packs and all that, but Michael was
That meant getting a ride somehow, because Cas had remained stubborn about using his powers.
Panic iced his veins for a moment, as he wondered if he had been abandoned again? He only had vague memories of Mary to cling onto, most of the concrete ones burned away with his childhood. John had deserted him in his absurd quest for vengeance, and even his moose of a brother had left him for the normalcy of college. Bobby hadn’t left him, but it wasn’t
The woman snapped, “People always say that before they hurt others.”
But one day Joshua had wanted to use the Studebaker and it wouldn’t start. Neither he nor Castiel were mechanically inclined, so the old girl had been left in the garage to rot.
longer. Let’s just say you’re a work in progress.”
"Would've, should've, could've."
“Miracles come in all shapes and sizes,” Cas said quietly as he sipped his tea.
Cas bent over to catch his eye, and the sad gleam in them did not make him feel better. “Because only the righteous man who broke the seal can end it. Your soul glows bright and will help her create a strong spiritual web to hold those other souls in, until she can condense them all down into a single power point that she will use to destroy the minds of humanity.”
Michael went silent. Castiel roiled in his embarrassment and shame, glad no one was around to catch his scent. He was sure it was bitter with guilt and fear that Micheal would take it out on him as usual, call him weak-willed and not even an Alpha.
Dean wanted to hug Cas, because that was a brilliant move. The man looked over to his left at the others watching them, and said, slowly, “I believe we are generally friendlier. You have arrived in rather…
Seated at the table and obviously amused at Castiel’s failure, Sam grinned and said, “Dean’s a really good cook!”
“What in the Sam Hill is going on in here?” Bobby was in a ratty, light-blue robe, his pajama bottoms faded to an indistinguishable gray and his hole-filled slippers revealing a bare toe. He was wearing his baseball cap, which seemed odd at whatever hour of the night it was, but Bobby was a man of action. He probably was going to die in that baseball cap.
yelp.
that could squash the annoying thing, or at least crush it into the soft earth.
“I beg to differ,” Lucifer interjected smoothly. “It’s not yet Thanksgiving, nor is it Christmas, yet here lies my baby brother, face down in his bed, looking much like his bullied fifteen-year-old self.”
Young dragonets from the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. Their parent, Nidhogg, lived beneath the roots of the World Tree and devoured corpses, generally from the great river, Hvergelmir, the font of all rivers. His dragonets–the gods knew how they were sired–scoured the realm for fresher meat to bring to him.
“They killed his grandparents and older brother, and he and his parents barely escaped with their lives.” Abram looked over at Benny for confirmation. “He is not going to be as... accepting, let’s say, of a Grimm in our midst.”
They both eyed the distance between the mainland and the island, and Cas felt Dean shudder behind him. “What do you think would happen if we fell in?”
“Whatever, jerk,” Sam mumbled and turned to look through the telescope. He yelped and fell back, and Dean and the other two tensed in alarm. “Fuck! She knows we’re here!”
mate someday, and I will not have him spoken of like that.”
The training Gabe gave him helped get him used to balancing that lack in his body when they were in battle, but if Gabe wasn’t helping him out during his transformation, lending his power and, more importantly at this point, coordination, he’d have died three yōkai ago, and that last one, the kijo they finally tracked down, had been a monster. Fast, vicious, hungry, and cunning, it had taken him forever to get a bead on the bitch and chop off her head. That one was also weird because it required prayers to send the woman’s soul to Buddha or some shit. They explained it all, about the monster being a woman driven into yōkai-hood, but Dean didn’t care.
But let's imagine it being used for addicts. Like, say crack (again) or meth? Where it gives a wicked addicting high that's sell-able to third-level alphas who feel inferior because they aren't second or first levels (let's say)? That are barely better then second-level Betas or Omegas (aww)? What if it's synthesized from medical-use Slick, that's used for erectile dysfunction (Viagra!), because aging alphas have less testosterone (or whatever) and they need the boost?
“This all started when he got that transplant, so maybe we need to track the donor down?” He threw his arms up. “I really don’t know. This is not something I’m used to! Usually dad or Bobby have my back, and I just tag along!”
Meg shrugs with one shoulder, her bow lips puckering slightly with annoyance. Dean knows she's not a fan. "The buzz is she's out sick. Gabe's got his little brother to cover, and you know how this crowd is about men at SWEETIES."
But when he felt his Omega start to surge forward to meet the desire he sensed in his mate, Cas averted his gaze again, cheeks pink with embarrassment at being caught, Dean supposed.
She had had the ghosts devour his corpse after he gouged out his eyes with his own fingers.
With his Alpha roaring madly and clawing to take control under his skin, Castiel wasn’t so certain.
It didn’t help that Gabriel and Ichiren-Bozu just sat at the table and smiled knowingly at him while Dean prattled on about this Norman guy’s character, and how awesome the guy’s arms looked all the time, especially in his cut off vests and glistening with sweat. If Castiel had had teeth, he would have ground them in frustration. Or perhaps he just needed to kill Gabriel and Ichiren-Bozu both. And bury them. Under a pile of cow dung.
The doctor grinned and took a seat on the purple vinyl rolling stool, gliding closer to Dean. “Thrall is used to soothe omegas in distress, especially those from abusive relationships or with anxiety disorders.” He shrugged. “I’m not 100% sure this will heal up your Omega, but Thrall tricks it into thinking you’re with your alpha and safe.”
He cursed his luck, his breath pluming like a dragon's in the cold, and he came to the realization that he might die. This moment. In fucking Illinois because he couldn’t keep his hormones under control.
He nodded acceptance at their postures, and chuckled at it tiredly, the absurdity of the situation, at it all. He put out a placating, not-clawed hand. “I… I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me.”
Akira stepped in closer and peered into Cas’s eyes (on her tiptoes, but that did not help the spike of jealous that speared Dean), humming and flat out saying, “You’re going to die soon, daitengu-dono.”
He tries to play it off, but he can feel the pain radiating from several areas, his whole body a low throb of agony, especially along his left side. Must've given me the good drugs, he thinks drowsily, remembering the days of morphine haze while in the military hospital back in ‘44. Getting shot sucked, but there were worse alternatives than the pain: amputation or death.
All three glared disapprovingly at Michael smoking up but, really, what could they say?
Castiel whirled and found Father Joshua standing in the kitchen’s back entrance that led to the garden, with an oversized squash and an amused expression. Although Father Joshua was a bishop, he eschewed wearing the titles and the airs.
