way, Cas manhandling him, pushing him up against walls,
He’d left Sam behind, for now. He knew he’d find him again, because really what was his life without his brother?
Something stirred in Dean, something he was trying very,
Not like they could explain why they were constantly changing parishes either, travelling all over, never staying in one place too long and he’d had better things to do on Sundays than sit around in Church for hours.
Dean felt his cheeks heat with red heat. The panic seeping down into his bones, his breathing picked up and he had to close his eyes to calm down.
But first, Cas looked uncomfortable, his body weirdly still on his feet but no weight actually made it there to hold.
“Luaidh mo chèile, never change.” Siobhan’s soft voice ripped him out of his reverence. The two women were visible through the doorway to the kitchen, Siobhan had wrapped an arm around Hailey’s shoulders, drawing her back into her chest; one hand was firmly grasping Hailey’s shoulder, the other resting softly on her hip. She’d buried her face in the Hunter’s neck, who – Dean laughed out loud. Hailey was cutting a chicken breast with a blade that looked suspiciously like a demon-killing knife like the one currently strapped to Dean’s belt. Hailey shot him a look.
Really the least he could do…
“Nochd do shorn, dubh cù!” Siobhan shouted out into the dark forest, as she reached her free hand into a pouch at her side and sprinkled some type of dried flower onto the ropes. A high-pitched howl filters through the trees, echoing through the air. Siobhan’s face sets in a stoic frown. A cold wind picked up as she stretched out both hands over the knot of rope on the ground; the open bottle in one hand, the cork in the other, melted sealing wax in a small copper bowl over a candle.
“You’re going to carry on this charade through prom and go with a date you don’t even like,” huffed Mary.
, thought Cas, but he bit back those words and remained silent.  He watched as Dean shuffled through the kitchen and began rummaging through the fridge.  After several moments, he shut the fridge with a huff, hands empty and a frown on his face.  Turning toward the counter, he reached for the coffee pot.  His movements were slow and methodical as he proceeded to make a pot of coffee.  Without a single word to Cas, he opened a cabinet and pulled down a box of cereal.  “You gonna just keep standing there and watching me?” he asked, shaking Cas out of his trance.
Bobby scoffed, “Of course I didn’t take his word. Do you really think I’m that much of an idjit? His mama’s there and so is yours.”
“Yeah, Cas, it’s me.”
“That was not exactly the plan for tonight. What is this the fourth time now?”
“It sounds like fun.  I have never experienced that.”  Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him close.
“And I’m guessing his mom.  Charlie said the fire made no sense.  Nothing about this whole investigation made any sense…” Cas trailed off as he thought of all the anomalies and unexplained occurrences.
Cas couldn’t argue, didn’t even want to try.  He had never felt such a strong lick of arousal before, and he needed to see where it led.  “Did you drive?” he asked.
“No.”
“How is she doing?” Cas asked quietly as he looked at Dani.
“Yeah, yeah. Don’t get your undies in a twist. I’m trying.” Twisting his hands and shaking his legs, Dean was practically vibrating the entire couch. “I need to run a few errands and pick up my prescription. Then, I need you to help me pack Cas’ stuff. And since you already know you might as well come when I go pick up the ring.” A huge smile erupted on Sam’s face. “Why are you smiling like that?” the mechanic asked as he blushed.
Dean’s anger colored his face a dark crimson. “What the hell, Sam? Why were you even down here?”
Claire looked thoughtful before asking, “Do you think they always loved each other? I didn’t know them in the beginning, but when Cas was inside of me, I saw Dean through his eyes. I don’t even know how to explain Castiel's feelings. I’m not sure I’ve ever experienced anything close to that. And the way Dean looked when he realized Cas was there…”
“They all died,” Cas said, voice so low Dean had to strain to hear it.
Dean moved closer to the bed, resting his hand on Cas’s leg.  “You heard the man.”
“I made a promise.”
For a heartbeat no one spoke.  Madilyn’s expression shifted from resolute to sheepish.  “I may have a solution for that.  You could move into the main house until the construction is complete.  The kids would get to see the progress, and you’d have the benefit of free babysitting.”
Dean burst out laughing. “You have to be kidding me.”
The guests who arrived on their eight day brought the other part of their world front and center.  When Shep stepped out of the SUV, Cas felt his chest constrict, but he lost his breath when Jody and Meg joined her.
Charlie and Talia both stood up and crossed the room, engulfing him in a tight hug.  They whispered words of apology and sympathy.  After they let him go, Charlie said, “She’s going to be pissed at us.”
“Dean,” he uttered between ragged breaths.  “My love.”
The siren barked a wicked laugh.  “Oh, yes, you do.  Tulsa 2005.  Little bar called The Joint ring a bell.  Although I looked a bit different, but then so did you.  Mmmm…you’ve aged well.”
“Don’t you think I know that. But Bobby his love is…” Dean looked at Bobby with wide terrified eyes.
Rolling his eyes, Cas tugged Dean into a quick hug and smacked Dean’s ass in return.  “Lead the way.”
“Yeah, okay,” snarked Dean, “how about we get the real answer?”
“Mornin’,” Dean said as he brought his hand up to trace the curve of Cas’s lips.
“I was only staying with her ‘til prom.”
“No, I suppose not,” Cas said, shifting back.  The feeling of familiarity vanished, and Cas berated himself for falling into it so easily and forgetting the lengthy discussion they had about sharing a bed.  It was a suggestion by Mara which prompted the conversation.  She had offered them the master suite since they would be arriving a day before her and the others.  Cas knew Dean was unsure about taking it, so he had not pushed or given his opinion.  He let Dean come to the decision on his own.  By the time they arrived at the inn, Dean had made up his mind.  Carrying their bags to the master bedroom without a word to Cas.  Memories seemed to catch them both when they stepped into the room.  Both glancing around, eyes focusing every few seconds on different areas of the room.  When Dean set the bags down and looked at Cas, his face had paled.
“What are we doing at Milford Lake, Cas?” Dean says finally.
“Yeah, well. Maybe it would’ve worked out in another life,” Dean said, a deep buried hurt coming to the surface for a second before it sinks back down. “But I-I wasn’t jealous, Cas. Not of her husband. I was jealous that she got
“Depends on how you look at the matter, I suppose,” Cas says, closing the door behind him and sitting down next to Dean. Not right next to him, but close. If Dean were to reach out, his fingertips would reach his shoulder, or his thigh.
“I do,” Cas settles on at last. Dean looks at his face, finally. And whatever he sees must clear something up for him because he carefully walks over and bends down and puts his hands on either side of Cas’ face.
Dean peeks at Cas’ face. Cas squints at the screen above him, blushless. Dean sighs, not quite sure what he expected, and turns his attention to the balls instead. There’s a gray-ish beauty that’s calling his name, polished shiny like the Impala. He tries to heft it with one hand, but it’s way too heavy and he almost drops it before he grabs a good hold on it.
There’s a curious blank after that. He’s going to what? He has no idea.
“Enough,” Sam says. He does a grand come this way gesture to their guests, who follow dutifully. He glares between the two of them, a non-verbal “cut-it-out” that they’ve seen a thousand times in other circumstances. Cas is briefly thrown. Sam thinks they’re fighting. Fascinating. What must that say about their previous interactions?
Sometimes, it feels like Cas is some bird of prey and Dean is a mouse trying not to get eaten. In his monkey brain, he knows they are about the same size and he is no danger. In his intelligent brain, he knows he isn’t the mouse — he is the tick on the mouse in the face of a leviathan, curling and twisting into the horizon. Or the carcass of one.
When they reached the ICU, Dean pulled Cas into a hug.  “I’ll be here if you need me.”  Cas did not have the wherewithal to respond verbally as he held back a sob, but he pressed in closer and kissed the crook of Dean’s neck.  Letting go, he gave him a tiny smile before taking his mother’s hand and escorting her into the ICU.  The sight of his larger than life father lying in a hospital bed was disconcerting to say the least.  He looked small and pale, and vulnerable.  The last a word Cas would never have associated with his father.  Wires and IV’s, the sound of machines, it all seemed so wrong.  The way his mother froze as she stepped into the room signaled to Cas that he was not alone in his assessment.  When her hand rose and covered her mouth, Cas pulled her against him.  As one they approached the bed.
“Several,” said Victor, “And I don’t regret a single one.”
“I’m pretty sure none of us did.”
“Shocker.  Probably a better ending than she could have had.  Oh, I forgot to introduce you.  This here is Meg Ripley, badass biker and mother of two.  I think this one suits me the best.  What do you think, my little tree-topper?”
Dean frowned, “Yeah then why are all the one’s he sent me either mocking or mean?”
“Not the bed.  Got it.  Let’s set you up by the window.”   Relief flooded through Cas, drawing out a smile.  “You don’t do that nearly enough,” quipped Antonio.
The baby was babbling a bunch of gibberish until Dean said, “Say dada.” Immediately, Benjamin started saying dada.
“What?  It’s true.  We never get enough time.  I thought I was the type of person who could handle this type of relationship, but I’m finding out I’m not.  I want more,” stated Cas as he reached out for Dean.  Pulling him closer, he added, “With you.”
“You said you had a meeting,” stated Cas with a clipped tone.
Second, I hate the way they handled the April story.  Cas had sex for the first time and then was tortured and killed by the woman.  They blew it off and joked about it.  The fact they had a hungry, exhausted newly human Cas have sex was bad enough, but then to downplay and even laugh about what happened to him was awful.
A hard edge flashed in Dean’s eyes.  “You can’t help yourself can you.  Always trying to analyze, calculate, and fucking assume what the other person is thinking.  You aren’t the arbiter of my feelings, and you shouldn’t jump to conclusions.  What I was going to say is this thing between us is not something I’m willing to simply walk away from.  Friends aren’t easy to come by when you live on the road.”
Hours later, with all three kids tucked in bed, Cas left Dean in the kitchen and went up to their room. He needed a few minutes to himself. Instead of just leaving Dean, he had explained what he was feeling. Dean promised to give him a few minutes to himself. He could hear Dean puttering around the house. It was a reassuring sound, so he kept the bedroom door open. As he went to sit in the rocking chair, he knocked Dean’s journal off the small side table. He reached down to pick it up. It fell open in his hand. Without thinking he began reading.
“Mmmm…yeah I would and now is not the time to remind me.
Dean’s lazy gaze settled on Cas as he walked naked to the bathroom. Cas could feel his eyes on him the entire way. He turned to look over his shoulder. Dean was scrambling out of bed, practically chasing him. Cas raised his brow. “What?" said Dean.  "Your ass is fucking fantastic.”
“And you are just calling me now?”
After hours of researching and days of reconnaissance, they knew they were in the right place.  The other four locations had been scouted and eliminated prior to finding the deed, so here they were preparing to enter the home.  There were signs of recent activity, but, as yet, they had seen no one enter or exit the building.  Dean gave the go signal.  Everyone settled into their positions closer to the home as Sam and Riley knocked on the door.
“Sam?” asked Aaron.
“Through our mother. She brought him home one day, and he stayed, even after we lost her,” said Dean with a smile.
Cas had finally looked at him, staring at Dean with a plea in his eyes.  Dean wanted to reassure him and comfort him, but he also wanted to push him.
“You apparently,” said Dean as he finished descending the stairs.  He stopped moving when he was standing in Cas’s personal space.  “I want in there, Cas.”
Before Spencer could ask a question, Cas started the video presentation.  Historical and current images flashed across the screen.  An abundance of both visual and physical evidence.  Cas watched the agent’s body language and facial expressions.  He went through a series of emotions, denial and disbelief prominent yet quickly replaced by curiosity and intensity.  When it ended, Cas said, “Do you have any questions?”
, sooo…”
Dean took the lead as they walked to the hospital and continued to take charge once they entered.  Before he knew it, Dean was leading him to the surgical waiting, and he was standing in the doorway.  His mother sat in the corner, face buried in her hands.  Dean pressed his hand into the small of Cas’s back, edging him forward.  It was all the prompting Cas needed to cross the room and drop to his knees in front of his mother.  “Cas,” she said quietly as she raised her head, eyes red and damp.  On the next breath, she wrapped her arms around Cas’s shoulders and buried her face in his neck. He could feel the tears against his skin.  It made his chest ache.  The last time he had seen his mother cry was when Jimmy died.
Sam ignored the comment as he entered the room. His bag smacked the angel making Dean laugh. An echoing laugh from inside the room came from Crowley. Sam turned to his older brother. “You have got to be kidding me. We are not, under any circumstance, letting them be in here while we sleep.”
Sam’s first inclination was to agree with Dean, but he thought better of it.  Cas clearly needed to move on from Hester and her views.  “I think you need to go along with Cas on this.  It’s his mother, and it seems he’s ready to move on and put it all, put her, behind him.”
Sam rushed forward and fell to his knees at his brother’s side. “Dean, Dean.”
Cas’s gaze drifted to Lenore, where she was huddled with Talia and Mara.  The two women had been added to the group to provide company and comfort for Lenore.  It was easy to see the decision had been a sound one.  With mostly men in their group, she would have been isolated in a hotel room, awaiting a difficult and worrisome meeting.  Despite knowing Dean well and despite her trust in him, she deserved to have others to provide protection and support.  As Cas watched the women talk, he spotted another set of secret service agents enter the corridor.  They stopped just inside the door, flanking it.
Claire and Bobby exchanged a look. Both had similar expressions. Crowley watched the exchange. “I see by your faces that you are more inclined to believe the latter.”
Dean dropped his head to the table. “Dammit Cas. I thought we were done with that.”
“Hey, handsome.  Are you ready to go?” asked Pamela softly.
“Good,” she said as Sam came barreling out of the house, arms fully loaded. The three of them finished loading Carmen’s belongings. She gave them a quick hug and was gone.
Tears welled in her eyes.  She hurriedly brushed them away and steeled herself.  Sitting up and squaring her shoulders, she said, “David did not make it.  And Ellen lost two of her best hunters.  Krissy is in the ICU at Detroit Medical Center in critical condition.”
“The transport was organized much sooner than expected.”
“What Castiel means is that officially Arthur was never here.  Whatever help he gave didn’t happen… officially.”
He got up and walked toward a more well-lit area. There were a few people milling about, but for the most part, the park was deserted. Castiel was faced with a long night alone and exposed. As his stomach growled, he realized he was also facing hunger. Depression hit full force, knocking away the hurt and anger which had seethed just beneath surface since his mother called him an abomination. Sadness enveloped his very being, and the young man decided none of it mattered. Not his exhaustion, or his sore neck or sore feet, not his hunger. He sat down in the middle of the path and lowered his head into his hands.
“Is that what you’re worried about?” asked Cas, to which Dean nodded.  “That will be taken care of.  We should talk to Charlie tomorrow and see how it’s going.  Is there anything else you’re worried about?”
“Arthur?” scolded Benny.
“I see why,” said Dean with a contented sigh and a smile.  “This place is absolutely breath-taking.”  Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head.  “You know I never saw myself saying shit like that.”
It was the wrong choice because the second glance only confirmed the first.  There he was in all his beauty with his beast of a car in the background.  Even with only his back showing, the bowed legs and the well-known coat sealed it for Cas.  He couldn’t process it, and he couldn’t stay seated.  Pushing his chair back, he stood, waving Charlie off, when she glanced up at him.  In a rush he left the room.  His breathing grew ragged and his feet automatically carried him to the bathroom.  He emptied the contents of his stomach into the toilet, continuing to heave as he struggled to breathe.  Sweat ran down his neck and his fingers began to ache with his death grip on the toilet.  When he finally stopping gagging, he sat back on his heels and forced himself to release his fingers.  Shaking out his hands, he stared at them.  Remembering the way they slid over Dean’s body.  The way he arched into the press of Cas’s fingers.  Tears filled his eyes and a sob broke free.  For several moments he let them flow, only wiping them away when anger surged in his chest.  Anger at Dean.  Anger at himself.
Cas shook his head and gripped Dean’s hand harder. “You have nothing to be sorry for. I wanted you to rest, and Sam was here. He seemed to enjoy filming.”
“Maybe this time you’re entitled, at least a tiny bit,” Sam huffed.
“It’s okay, Sam, because when it comes down to it, he didn’t give up.  He waited for me to figure it out.”
“I want to share that experience with him.  I want to see that joy on his face when he plays with our own children.”
“Sam’s good. He’s happy. Loves school so much he’s taking summer classes.”
“He went to the store.  He should be back soon.”
“Pamela went home for the night. You have been out for a few hours.” Sam sounded defeated and looked extremely tired. “What happened Cas? You were laughing and then you couldn’t breathe.”
Unable to bear the weight of his emotion, Dean collapsed to the ground. Castiel rushed to the hunter’s side. “Dean, Dean. Are you all right?” The man laughed mirthlessly. “I’m fine. I spend much of my time on the ground these days.” He looked up at those gorgeous blue eyes filled with concern and confusion. “I just find myself broken and so damn heavy. What have I done to us Cas?” Tears tracked down his face and Dean refused to hide them. Refused to hide his anguish, his guilt. Cas’ slender fingers tenderly wiped those tears away. Arms encircled the sobbing man as he felt the tingle of the angel’s grace and the sound of wings. Before he knew it, Dean was lifted from the ground and everything faded away.
Unable to come up with a suitable argument, Cas decided to try it her way for once. The coffee date was, as had become routine, nice, but instead of shutting the guy down Cas agreed to a second date. He wanted this one to be at a place he frequented. The club was packed when he arrived, but his date spotted him immediately. The smile he gave was practically glowing with anticipation. Cas tried to muster up even a fraction of that interest. After a few beers, they hit the dance floor. There was a familiar rhythm to this situation. Cas let it sweep him away. He let his body lead. He enjoyed the physical contact, but as usual, by the end of the night, the hollow feeling returned. Even the kiss couldn’t keep his mind at bay. Even when he deepened the kiss and pressed his date into the side of his car, his thoughts drifted to Dean. After the kiss, Cas surprised himself by accepting a third date. Brian met him at the club again, and the night passed exactly as the other had. Brian soon joined the list of others Cas danced with and never took home. They were all good-looking men. Men his age, but he still couldn’t muster any interest beyond the need for a warm, hard body. The fact that it never went passed a fully clothed grope and grind meant it brought little satisfaction, but Cas had nothing else to give or nothing else he was willing to receive. Even the kisses faded into the distance the longer the online dating went.
“Yeah, I suppose we did,” agreed Dean as he slid back onto the bed.  When he was comfortably resting on the pillow, he said, “Come to bed.”  Cas crawled up the bed until he was hovering over Dean.  Slowly, he lowered himself down, capturing Dean’s lips in a soft kiss.  He kept the kiss light and tender as he lay his body flush against Dean.  He gently rocked his hips, creating only a modicum of friction.  Dean groaned and arched his body up into Cas.  Their bodies found a natural rhythm, satisfying and unhurried.  When Cas went to shift back, Dean held him tight.  “Just like this,” he breathed.
Taken aback, Cas said questioningly, “You still want to go to Jody’s?”
“Is this what Dean does to you?”
“Mom, he’s going to be running into burning buildings.”
Bobby eyes shot to Victor.  “You know about Adam.  Why the fuck do you know about Adam?  That should have been off limits.”  After a heartbeat, Bobby said, “Cas, how could you share that with them?”
After a tense silence, Martin said, “Dean, Sam I’d like you to meet my son, Brian.” The kid was as disheveled as his father and was holding a sign which read,
In the last weeks, Cas came to understand just how accurate that faith was. Through her illness, her death, and her funeral, Dean took charge. Cas chuckled at thoughts of himself at eighteen. Out on his own, no responsibility but to himself. It was a stark contrast to the pressures Dean was facing. The laughter dissipated. Cas leaned back and ran his hand down his face. He sighed into the quiet of the night as he looked down at the desk. There was nothing more he could do tonight. Shaking his head, he stood up and walked back to the living room. His eyes fell on the mess of blankets on the bed. He stood there for several seconds thinking about his life now. He hadn’t stayed in one place longer than a month or two since he left his childhood home. And Mary was the only reason it ever happened. She insisted he park his motorcycle during the worst of the winter months. Sometimes he stayed with her and the boys. Other times he stayed with Charlie in her small, brightly decorated apartment, tucked above the now closed comic book store.
“What were you thinking?  Are you ever not reckless?”
The nervous shifting returned as they walked into the living room. Cas even went so far as to wring his hands together. Dean sensed the lie even before it left Cas’s lips. “Um…they were busy, too.” Dean had a feeling he knew the answer, but he found himself asking it anyway. “Is Charlie your only friend?” Cas’s head snapped up with sad or panicked eyes.  Dean could not decipher which emotion they conveyed. Neither was okay, and suddenly Dean felt awful for asking in such a blunt way. As he contemplated his stupidity, Cas’s eyes flashed with anger. “No Dean,” he snapped. “I was under the impression you and I were friends.” He was out of the room and up the stairs in a flash, leaving Dean standing slack-jawed and staring at the stairs.
“Ha, that’s just cause it’s the only thing he spends his money on.  Now-”
“We will,” said Dean.
“Don’t do that, Cas.” Sam’s voice was cracked and breathy. It sounded painful.
Cas stared at the ceiling, unwilling to look at Dean’s smiling face anymore.  “Yes, and you can quit being so damn chipper.  It’s excruciating.”
“Oh, really. Enlighten us,” snapped Cas. Dean waited, hoping Sophie had a profound answer, but there was only dead silence. “Exactly,” said Cas as he turned back to the screen. “There is no legitimate reason for me to give up and come home. I have to finish this.”
The nurse’s head snapped up.  She stared at him for several heartbeats before her gaze drifted to Talia.  Shaking her head, she said, “You should have been told already.  Has Dr. Carter been in to see you?”
“Okay, yeah, I can see why you would.”
“Just one. Is there any way I can kiss my boyfriend?”
“No, Cas. It’s all right. I understand.”
Dean shook his head.  “Yeah, well, that’s not true.”
“That’s the profile.  White male, age thirty to forty.”
“I was thinking about that,” said Charlie.  “What if it wasn’t barn?”
“Me, too.”
“For a time.  And that is an even longer story and not one to be told without hard liquor.”
Cas’ smile returned and lit up his eyes.  “I’m glad.”
Two words from Cas, and Dean knew he had been heard.  “Hello, Dean.”
Reaching the so-called safe zone was a trip Cas would not soon forget. Seeing Russian flags where American flags once flew filled Cas with a bone-deep sadness. Seeing the Turkish military occupying former Kurdish territory brought the entire tragedy front and center. Cas wondered about the Kurdish fighters he interviewed all those years ago. He wondered where they were now, where their families were. He recalled their pride when they spoke about their mission against ISIS and their collaboration with the US military. There was fear, but it was overshadowed by their sense of duty and justice. And now, years later, they were abandoned and left exposed. They were on the run or in hiding, constant danger their only companion. The safe zone was anything but safe. It was a misnomer, just as the entire operation was. The Kurds lost their lands and their homes, along with their safety. For Cas, it was as plain as the Turkish and Russian flags flying together on former US military posts. The Northern Syrian border was an occupied zone with all that entailed.
Dean huffed as he lifted his head from the pillow. Cas shifted so Dean could swing his legs off the bed. They sat next to each other sharing the cup of coffee. When it was gone, Dean stood up, holding out his hand to Cas. They showered together, washing away any remnants of the previous night. It took longer than anticipated and when they were done, they found themselves rushing to dress.
“I guess I expected more anger and frustration.”
“Yeah. We are all responsible for our own happiness.  Blah, blah, blah or some shit like that.”
“Maybe that is the problem, Cas.  We leave too many things left unsaid.”  Dean shuddered at the blurted words.  He was opening too many fissures.  If he kept this up, it would all leak out, so he had to harden himself.  Lashing out in anger was the easiest solution.  Part of him balked at the ire he was about to unleash on Cas.
He focused on his heartbeat and his breathing. He had no idea how much time passed as he continued to remain on the edge of sleep. The sounds outside his room filtered in. An increase of activity and voices greeted him as his drowsiness faded. He feared they were coming for him, but no one stopped at his door. In fact, the sounds grew fainter with every passing second. As it dissipated his body arched and his breath caught. This was it. If it failed now, he would not have the strength left to escape. Closing his eyes, he whispered, “Please.” He repeated the word until his throat hurt.
“Wouldn’t have said it if it didn’t.”  Bobby stood and walked toward the hall without a backward glance.  Victor scrambled to his feet and followed the older man.  “And you two work out your crap.  Talk it out.  Punch it out.  I don’t care which, but fix this,” yelled Bobby.
Dean shrugged.  “Not sure.  It’s up to Cas.”  Dean looked at Cas, and the angel’s lips quirked up.  “I’ll go whenever my angel is ready.”  Cas stared into Dean’s eyes.  Seconds passed or maybe it was minutes when Dean vaguely heard Charlie say good-bye.  He waved in her general direction but kept his focus on Castiel.  “I mean it Cas.  I go where you go.”
Forcefully cutting Dean off, Cas retorted, “We are not doing this out of some misplaced guilt.”
from my dad.  No one can get me to talk the way you can except…”  Dean’s gaze shifted to Cas.  He let the unspoken name linger in the air.  With pursed lips, he turned around and left the room.
“Uh…we are?” questioned Dean.
. They were there when we said we would hold the rest within ourselves until we saw each other again. So, here I am, and I refuse to let another minute pass without telling you.  I love you, Cas.”
“Well, good. I’m glad we agree.” Dean shifted onto his knees, rested his hands on the bed, and levered himself from the floor with a groan. “Shit. I think my ass is asleep.” Cas stifled a chuckle as he smiled up at Dean. “You think that’s funny.” The angel shrugged and with mock exasperation Dean shook his head. “Are you hungry because I’m starving?”
“Maybe they did,” replied Shep.  “You said yourself that there was a great war between demons.”
“During interrogations and experiments.”  Cas swallowed and then added, “Malachi strapped me to a replica of Naomi’s chair.”
At Dean’s noticeable pout, Cas tipped his chin up and kissed his forehead.  “I have no doubts whatsoever.”
“I did no such thing. He just knew his place, which would be a good lesson for you to learn, Dean Winchester.”
“So, Dean,” said Cas, pausing before he added, “why are you at this ‘lovely’ establishment?”
Cas laughed, nodding along with her statement as he caught Dean’s pout.  Wrapping his arm around Dean he tugged him closer and gave him a kiss on his temple.  “She’s not wrong.”
“Yes.”
he thought.  He couldn’t recall ever having felt such a powerful attraction.  Need was not something he indulged in, not with his circumstances.  It left him too vulnerable and had the potential to put himself and others in danger.  But staring into those eyes made all reason disappear, and Dean practically swallowed his tongue.  When he saw his desire reflected back at him and heard the hitch in the other man’s breath, Dean settled into an old familiar feeling and the smirk came unbidden to his lips.
Dean clapped Carlos on the shoulder.  “I guess that means you’re with us.  Just be prepared to be put to work as soon as we get home.”
Dean huffed. “You’re the one who canceled. It’s why I stayed on the east coast and took this job.”
“Yeah, uh sorry,” mumbled Dean.
“All right, what is it?” asked Dean.
“It’s blast radius was about three times as large, and it was about five times as powerful.”
“Dean,” Cas said cutting him off.  “You shouldn’t have seen that file and you shouldn’t be talking about it.”
“She said it was impossible to miss.  The first time she saw you two hug and you melted, her words, into Cas’s arms, she knew.”
“Charlie, you didn’t bail on us.  I understand why you left.”
“Dean, that is not true.  Who better to help than someone who has suffered through a similar experience?”
A wave of helplessness washed over Cas.  Here he was stuck in his apartment while Dean was out hunting, not to mention all the people wasting their time to babysit him.  Every fiber of his being balked at the situation.  But he knew Sam was right.  There was nothing he could offer right now, if merely thinking brough on a searing headache.  Needing a distraction from his depressing thoughts, he asked, “What were you and Gabriel talking about?”
Pointing at one screen, she said, “So, this program has found no connection between all the parameters.  But this one has found a significant amount of detail on Meg.  Her parents never lived in Illinois, and they died in a car accident when she was ten.  The people she lived with do not exist in any database except for those two years they were in Chicago.  And as far as Meg goes, she was supposed to be in foster care, but she ran away.”
The angel smiled. “It is.”
“Hello, Billie,” he replied.
As Dean looked out the door, Cas pushed off the car and turned to face him, giving him the same shy smile he had that night. A strange feeling came over him, and he forced himself to look away. The feeling was lost as Sam slapped him on the back. “Got your cap and gown,” he said as he raced out the door to the car.
Cas grabbed the remote and put on a show.
Dean grunted, “That doesn’t make me feel much better.  Willingly putting others in harm’s way is not really my go to hunting method.”
His friend left with a soft pat and a squeeze to his shoulder. “You’re welcome. Good night.”
Charlie frowned, and Cas rolled his eyes again.  “What I mean is being intimate with Dean is wonderful, but it makes it harder to say goodbye.  Every time is worse, for me anyway.”
“That’s weird.”
“Fine, what do you want?”
A ringing phone woke them in the early morning hours. Fumbling for it, Dean knocked his hand into the small nightstand. Cursing, he answered the phone. “Fuck, hello.”
“This isn’t how it’s supposed to be.”
“You saved Cas,” he said quietly.  He repeated the statement with more force.  “You saved Cas.”  Once Meg looked in his direction, he said, “Meg.  If you hadn’t stabbed her, she would have killed him.  You saved his life.  You had no choice.”  There were a few sharp inhales and then dead silence ensued.
“I know there is something I’m forgetting and it’s right there.  I feel like if I just focus on it, I’ll remember.”
“Hi, Cas. Is something wrong?” Sam watched as Cas swept into the room and stopped at the end of the bed near the door. The blue eyes stared down the bed as if it offended him. “Cas?”
“You. All wet and sexy.” Cas’ hands slid down. One trailed along Dean’s thigh. The other dipped under the top Dean’s swim trunks. “May I?”
“It’s been with me most of my life, Cas.  A lifetime of pent-up frustration building, layer by layer.”
With some trepidation, Charlie interjected, “So, uh…what’s the decision?”
“Not much chance of that Cas. It’s pretty much my go to these days. Facing your failings ain’t exactly easy, especially when my usual methods of dealing with this shit only make matters worse.”
Bobby smacked his hand down on Cas’s shoulder.  “I don’t want to know.  I already know too much about what you two get up to.  I certainly don’t need more details.”  Cas closed his mouth and nodded.  “Good,” said Bobby, “now want to tell my why Dean thinks you have something to do with this.”
“What the hell?” snarled Dean.
Scoffing, Cas said, “Then explain why you packed a bag and left without a word. No matter how often we fight that is something we just don’t do. We scream and yell and throw shit, but we don’t fucking leave.” Tears clung to his lashes, and he clung to the slimmest hope they would not fall.
Holding up his hands, Julian walked toward Dean.  “Sorry.”
Cas’s eyes shot to the ceiling as he dropped the towel onto the counter.  “What are you going to tell him?  About us.”
“Is that what you want?” asked Cas, voice deep and gritty with sleep and desire.
“It’s not that.  Well, maybe a little bit, but what concerns me is that I didn’t know you weren’t sleeping.  I didn’t know you wouldn’t feel comfortable coming to me with that information.”
“Thank you, Antonio, for everything.”  Quiet enveloped Cas as the door shut behind the nurse.  It was the first time he had been alone since the explosion.  Between Benny and the staff in Sana’a, to Dean and Sam and the staff at Landstuhl, to his family and friends and the staff at Grossman, Cas was always in the presence of someone.  Even if the person remained silent while filming, they were in the room observing.  And here in this room, he was blissfully alone.  Alone to think of all that had transpired, of the lives lost, of the generosity of strangers, the love of family, and the support of friends, near and far.  His mind filtered through memories.  Images of his video chat with Sophie, ensconced in Yemen to cover the release of the hostages.  Julian’s regretful voice when he said he could not come to visit yet.  Carlos and Gabe’s pained faces as they filmed the worst of his treatments and behavior.  The understanding and love he received after his outbursts.  But most of all his thoughts drifted to Dean.  To the man he loved who wouldn’t leave when Cas demanded it.  The one who always appeared when Cas most needed him.
“I said one fucking word Dean.”
Kissing Dean’s full red lips gently, Cas leaned over and grabbed the bottle of lube from the nightstand. He dribbled it over his fingers before lowering his hand to Dean’s waiting hole. The mechanic sighed in relief at the first touch of those long sleek fingers to his sensitive rim. Castiel stroked and flicked until Dean was whimpering with want. Only then did he slide a finger into his lover’s body. Dean cried out in pleasure as Cas pressed his finger deeper. A second finger joined the first and both sought that spot which would have Dean arching off the bed. As usual, Cas lingered on that spot pressing and teasing while adding a third finger. By this point, Dean was pushing himself down, fucking himself on Cas’ fingers. “I’m ready, Cas.”
Talia slid up next to Charlie and wrapped her arm around the smaller woman.  “If it helps, this is not my first rodeo with an investigation or with victims.  I big part of my practice is working with victims of violent crime.”
“Definitely,” responded Dean, after brushing his lips against Cas’s once more.
“Fucking sore,” said Cas.  Looking down he added, “And shaking.”
With his clothes and toiletries packed, Cas sat down to have a bite to eat, his first since breakfast. His phone rang interrupting the makeshift dinner. “Hello, Victor.”
Breaking out in a huge grin, Dean replied, “Mara agreed and so did Jody.”
“Well, you are done now,” stated Cas firmly, brooking no argument.
“Thank you,” said Cas sincerely.
The old house sat on the far edge of the cemetery, invisible from the road.  It did not show up on any satellite image Charlie could find.  The only record of it was a single note on a partial deed from November 1865.
Dean shook his head.  “No, it’s not.  You deserve it.”  The conversation made Cas look over the room with fresh eyes.  It was a beautiful space filled with carefully selected items.  Shelves lined one wall, filled with books, hockey paraphernalia, craft materials, and models.  Some complete and some still needing to be built.  Sitting on the nightstand was a lamp made from a replica of the Impala.  On the other table sat two stuffed animals, replacements for one's Will had lost during one of their many moves.  A replica of the Stanley cup was prominently displayed on the dresser and hanging over it was a signed poster of Jonathan Toews.
Hold up his hands placatingly, Dean said, “Okay, I’ll leave it in your capable hands.”
The front door flew open, and Dean rushed in waving something in the air. “Cas, I did it.” Before he could say a word, Dean thrust the paper in his hands. Cas looked down and saw the university’s letterhead. His lips quirked up into a small smile which only increased as he began to read. The acceptance letter Dean received was an achievement all its own, but to receive a scholarship from the university was amazing. It had been a long shot at best, yet somehow Dean had done it.
“Winchester?” She turned her piercing gaze back to him; his brows furrowed.
“You’re very casual about this; black dogs are usually an omen of death, are you…?” Sam started as he took a seat next to Dean.
And then with a shout of a prayer –
Dean drank; he finished his glass and poured himself another one. The dark amber liquid splashed against the walls of the glass; the bottle made satisfying glug sounds.
“What we doin’?” Dean rubbed his hands together, turning expectant eyes on the witch.
His dishevelled dark hair spilled onto the blanket he was resting on, it looked incredibly soft, and Dean had to fight the urge to card his fingers through it.
– that tiny spark of
“Nochd do shorn!” She called again and this time, a shadow loosened itself from the darkness of the trees. The shape of a dog, the size of a house slinks towards them. It was made of shadow and darkness; Dean could not find anything corporeal about it. He watched Castiel’s angel blade fall into his hands next to him, ready to attack if need be. Siobhan’s eyes were glowing slightly now as she muttered something under her breath that Dean couldn’t understand over the now howling wind. That is until she shouted out once more:
“What’re you crazy?” He shouted, but there was pure heavenly, holy,
. The skin of Cas hard and hot and smooth like velvet, and the angel cried out, their fingers coming to grip the messy strands of Dean’s hair in a prayer of his own.
. Dean didn’t
“What’s it to ya?” Siobhan’s lips curled into a smile.
Not the warm hand cradling his cheek. Not the angel dropping to his knees in front of him, framing his face with both hands, so
“Would you prefer darkness, Dean?” Castiel’s low rumble of a voice made Dean want to crawl into bed with him and just – but he couldn’t do that. Not now, not ever. It was better this way.
shoulder, Dean closed his eyes against the onslaught of emotion he really did not want to deal with right now. Did she know? How could she
“Mornin’. Hope you’ve had a good sleep. Siobhan made breakfast, coffee’s just brewed I believe. So’s the tea.” She made her way over to the trio who still hadn’t moved and offered a hand in greeting; Dean noticed the same tattoos he’d seen on Siobhan the night before.
After that, and the day they’d had, he wanted nothing more than to just go to sleep, but he made the effort to brush his teeth, relieve himself and change out of his jeans into more comfortable sweats.
The ex-blood junky, the high school dropout and the comatose angel.
Faith was
. This wasn’t mean to
jeopardise that. He just
and he still looked so
?” Cas threw him across the alley into the opposite wall, the impact hurt but the words cut deeper.
Before he could panic, however, he saw the familiar figure of Cas on the passenger seat.
at the angel in the back of his car.
Like a shock of cold water, the lyrics washed over him, Plant’s voice usually soothing, sending shivers of a different kind through his body. The panic settled underneath his skin as he replayed his dream in his mind. The house, the room, the record player, the
in the eyes of their kin, in the eyes of his Father.
It wasn’t something he thought about actively, whenever he did, he pushed it down, down,
“Dean. Dean. You’re doing so good. So good for me, beloved. So good. Dean.”
Dean spied the phone attached to the wall just above the table, bracketed by two paintings. One of a serene forest-scape, the other a gurgling river, frozen in time.
“Hmm,” she made a non-commital sound before her gaze fixated on something behind him; he followed her eyeline to the Impala and Sam and Castiel leaning against it.
They hadn’t gone when they were younger, because while some people took comfort in God after the death of a loved one, what comfort was there in a world where literal demons were killing those loved ones? John Winchester sure wasn’t one of them. Because how could a God, an almighty, all-loving, all-knowing God,
But when he opened them again, it was to find worry and hurt and still slivers of rage in the cast of Cas’ eyes, the lines of his brow and mouth, the gentle feather-light touch of his hand on his cheek.
simmering behind it.
It’s the end of the world. Maybe that’s the new spiel.
Dean was sure there had been another step before “join Cas in bed” but he could not for the life of him remember it. So, he slid underneath the covers with the heavenly rebel and tried not to think about their proximity.
The moment Cas decided
was unconditional love.
First course of action, rearrange Cas.
. Dean flinched at the sudden volume, saw Cas and Sam do the same out of the corner of his eye, and Hailey? There was that
He wanted to tell him, shout for him to stop, to let him explain, to let him
He chose to ignore it.
, was what did it for him. In his own weird, fucked up,
“Name’s Hailey. Nice to meet ya.” Her accent was mellow but definitely North American, Dean thought he caught a southern drawl in the way she pronounced some of the syllables, but he couldn’t be sure.
Fuck. He had
“We’ve only got two rooms free at the moment, both doubles though so there’s more than enough bed space. 30$ per room. Please just gie us a warnin’ if ye’ll be draggin’ muck in, so we can prepare to clean once ye’re out again.”
“So how does this ritual work?” His voice sounded gruff and slightly echoed at the edge of the tall trees; Siobhan handed him one end of the rope.
on Cas’ face and the
His eyes found Cas, spread out on one of the two beds, unconscious, hurt – team free will.
“Bellarmine Jar!” She cried out with excitement; Dean raised an eyebrow in question.
. That revelation would take some getting used to, or maybe not. He continued to stare at Cas; his gaze fixated on where the angel was now staring back at him with those bright blue eyes that had, from the moment they had fallen upon him been able to see to the very core of his soul. They were still half-lidded with sleep, Cas’ pink lips parted with memory of hot bitter liquid or the whisper of a good morning, and Dean got up to shuffle forwards, closer, closer, always closer to this divine being.
“Well a’ll let yous get to bed. Like a said, just let us know if yous need any of the specials. They’re numbered and yous have phones in yer rooms. Same goes for breakfast if yous wan’ it. Hope yous get a good night’s sleep.” Dean remembered to put the money down on the counter before he turned to leave. Castiel was still eyeing Siobhan as he turned to follow; Dean decided not to think about it too much.
Quick as he could, he was up and out; Sam and Castiel in the same position as the three of them grabbed some salt, their lighters and their guns and made their way outside. Outside, it turned out was breath-taking. Tall pine trees surrounded the motel, reaching up into the sky as if on a race to touch the heavens. The air was clean and crisp, a welcome change from the dusty roads they had been travelling on. There was morning dew on the blades of grass, reflecting like diamonds in the early sunlight. It was peaceful and quiet and beautiful.
“Forgot clothes.” Dean mumbled and Castiel lowered his gaze back to his book. The hunter quickly made his way back to the bathroom to change. He hung back for a while, hands gripping the sink, staring at himself in the mirror. He took note of the bags under his eyes, his skin more weathered than the last time he’d really looked at himself in a mirror. There were new scars and some fresh wounds. He ran a hand over the stubble dusting his jaw and chin and wondered. Wondered what it would feel like to have someone else run fingertips across his skin, slow because they’re caught on his stubble, pass over his lips.
Fuck God.
He stood next to the bed for a while, the orange light of a streetlamp filtering through the thin curtains of the motel room. Cas’ body obscured by the blanket, his face buried in the pillow and Dean breathed, deep, quiet breaths, trying to banish the panic settled in his body.
He suddenly wished he could see Cas’ eyes – so blue. So
He shakes his head. Not for him. Never for him.
. Worshipped the thick weight of Cas against his tongue, the heat radiating off him, the bitter, salty taste of him, the heavy, musky scent hitting his nose like incense. Revelled in the gentle scratches of the angel’s nails against his scalp, the voice of the angel above him, the blinding radiance of his love that embraced and filled him.
“Be careful where ye step,” she called over her shoulder.
help me keep her safe.” Siobhan’s eyes softened as she shot another glance in the direction of the kitchen door, which swung open. Hailey stepped out with a plate of steaming hot food of some kind and shot their table a happy smile.
“Just let us know any time.” She slides two pieces of paper over to him.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought!” She shouted in that same direction and suddenly Dean could hear the faint sound of something moving quickly away from the motel and its gun-wielding co-owner. Said co-owner spun around and she flashed them a smile.
“There’s three of us, we need a place to sleep – sign says you’ve got space.” Dean knew he sounded gruff, bordering on rude, but he just wanted a bed under his horizontal body and a pillow under his head.
“I rebelled for
him – save
and no
All of my love to you now
“Dinnae gie me that look. A need yer help.” Dean felt his brows rise even higher. “Again, dinnae gie me that look,” she said seriously. “A need to get rid o’ the Black Doug and a need yer help tae do it.” Her eyes held a determined fire.
They’d been on the road the whole day; Zepplin blasting, Baby purring. The hunt had been successful; just another nest of vampires, nothing too exciting. Dean was content; Sam in the passenger seat was staring ahead at the road a tired smile pulling at the corners of his mouth; Castiel was in the backseat. Dean’s eyes occasionally flit up to look at him in the rear-view mirror.
Dean tried not to think anymore.
“I think we all need sleep to be honest. Not like we can do that much with Cas like this anyway.”
He’d look away as if he’d been burned.
“We should find a motel.” Castiel said from the back seat; his voice low and raspy sent a shiver up Dean’s spine. He’d become an expert at hiding how Castiel affected him, however, so he knew no one except him noticed.
So church was out, and praying? Talking to, calling upon, crying to this benevolent God of creation who’d offered his own son to die for the sins of humanity? Maybe a tad close to home with a dad who would happily leave you in crappy motels for weeks on end to go hunting, sacrificing your childhood on his quest for revenge, over and over. Praying and falling to your knees? Hard pass. Falling to your knees is weakness and vulnerability. Falling to your knees means you weren’t strong enough. Falling to your knees means you’re good as dead.
“Oh, yea sure.” He brushed off his jeans as he stood from the sofa he’d been sitting on and followed Siobhan outside.
Faith it turns out is subjective. It’s not about the Big Guy in the Sky or some supernatural being. Faith is what you believe in, and Dean? As he looked over at the
“Madainn mhath, cridhe.” She grinned at her wife, Hailey, who pressed a quick kiss to her cheek. “How are yous lovely people today? Hunters only currently so dinnae worry about hushed conversation if other guests stroll in fae food.” Siobhan turned and gestured toward one of the tables. “Have a seat, anyone fae coffee?” Dean made an affirmative grunting sound which had Castiel rolling his eyes.
He took a deep breath to try and calm himself down, but immediately regretted it as he breathed in Cas’ scent, air before a thunderstorm.
“You got us rooms?” Sam called from where he was leaning against the Impala with their duffels slung over his shoulders.
He decided against further contemplation, Cas also had to take a shower. They were both still slightly grimy from the fight and sitting in the Impala the entire day wasn’t exactly a recipe for clean bodies.
“I can watch where I step, thank you very much.” Dean growled which only caused Siobhan to laugh. Carefully, he stepped over the rope, and followed Siobhan back to the apartment behind the motel, where the others were still holed up doing research.
“Siobhan!” He shouted out, dragging out the last vowel in alarm. The witch shot up and her eyes grew wide as she took in their position.
They had their stairway to heaven and what were they doing with it? Whatever they fucking wanted, at whatever cost – currently at the cost of
“I love you too,” and Dean averted his eyes. If only… if only it was that easy. He was suddenly hyper-aware of a pair of eyes burning into the side of his face, but he couldn’t bring himself to raise his gaze and
“A ken how ye feel.” She stopped right in front of him, took the other end of the rope from his hand and bent to tuck it under the laid-out rope. “A didnae tell Hailey abou’ ma feelins for the longest time. Biggest mistake o’ ma life, when a think about all the moments a coulda had wae her.” Siobhan laid a hand on his shoulder again, and it felt like a stinging hot fire ignited where Cas’ handprint used to be.
The taste of Cas’ lips was chasing away the metallic taste of his own blood as their lips started moving against each other. Hard, desperate, bruising.
“Ach, we’re no’ exactly being subtle here.” Siobhan grinned, the corners of her eyes crinkling in clear bemusement. “Hailey came up with that,” and directed at Castiel she added: “Hailey’s ma wife; she’s the Hunter.” Castiel nodded.
“Dean?” His voice was even more raspy than normal, and Dean just heaved a sigh of relief.
He could see it.
The few times he had been, there had also been the
. Add to that the fact Cas was an angel, and actual
Seconds, minutes, hours went by as Dean tried to control his breathing, tried to refrain himself from leaning into Cas and burying his face in his neck, his hair, feeling his skin against his face, maybe moving his hand up to Cas’ chest, feeling the rise and fall of his breathing.
“A trace a certain knot with this rope,” Siobhan started walking around him dropping rope here and there in a pattern he did not understand.
And like any good follower of faith, Dean persevered and followed and
hours
“Some good ol’ fashioned Celtic healin’ should do it.” She ran the thistle over Castiel’s forehead, muttering the same couple of words over and over:
“How can a help ye?” Her voice was lower than he’d expected and there was a Scottish lilt to it he recognised from Rowena.
“Um, yeah. All good – it’s a Hunter Motel.” Dean still can’t quite wrap his mind around it.
“Why are you still in bed?” He wandered into the room and made himself at home in one of the chairs. “All-day breakfast includes coffee by the way. I checked.” Dean let out a pleased huff before dragging himself out of bed, immediately missing the comforting warmth.
Sam was suddenly at his side as well, and he looked down to see that he was cradling Castiel’s body to his chest where the angel lay unconscious.
But it was the end of the world…
“A wanna say easy,” Siobhan laughed breathlessly. “But a havenae been able to ever actually do this because ye need angel hair fae it tae work properly.” She locked eyes with Castiel. “If ye’re willing…?” Dean’s eyes also found Castiel. The angel appeared unperturbed, but Dean could see a slight flicker of uncertainty in his eyes.
So no, praying didn’t factor in either, at least not until… Hell, all of this. He raised his eyes from the computer screen he was staring at and fixed his gaze on the man across the table.
. His eyes quickly flickered over to Castiel who he found was still watching him with a furrowed brow; he closed them quickly and let the hot, bitter liquid warm his insides like nothing else could in the morning.
letting himself indulge in things like…
He drank.
Cas’ fist made contact with his face again, Dean dropped to the ground only for Cas to lift him up again.
“Ah, the Winchesters and their angel. Alright, follow me. How’ve you been?” She engaged Sam in conversation as they all moved towards the barn; Dean hung back, walking next to Castiel. As usual, way too close, their shoulders bumped occasionally sending little thrills of heat into Dean’s body. He should stay away, he should… he really was a masochist, he thought with a chuckle and just shrugged non-committal when Castiel cocked his head in question.
“Dean. Everything okay?” Dean nearly jumped as he suddenly heard Castiel’s voice and felt the heat of his body just behind his.
“I gave
He wished he knew if the walls were thick enough to block out sound, but he couldn’t be sure, so he kept his shower short, not indulging in the fantasies manifesting themselves in his mind. The provided shampoo and soap smelled like pine and fresh air.
“I thought it might be a simple salt ‘n’ burn but… I don’t know, the Scottish aspect makes me think it might not be that simple.”
“Thanks, Siobhan,” he muttered before he grabbed Castiel and helped him up to his feet.
Dusk fell and Siobhan became jittery. Hailey noticed but didn’t say anything outright. When she was called away to check someone in, Siobhan ushered them all outside to the knot.
“You pray too loud.” Dean’s eyes widened as he watched the street preacher fall, heard the familiar growling rasp of Castiel’s voice and felt the heat of the angel’s hands searing into his shoulders.
Maybe he could fix this after all.
“Leig leam! Cuir dorchadas air fògairt!” Her voice rang out and carried. The Black Dog’s maw opened and its jaws snapped into their direction. A sliver of shadow escaped from between sharp teeth of starlight and hit Castiel’s chest. Dean cried out and was at the angel’s side immediately. He eyes anxiously flitted between Siobhan and Castiel and the Black Dog.
He didn’t say anything, neither did Cas.
. This was how he could
for their loved ones’ safety.
suddenly filled the air, and Dean laughed humourlessly at the fucking irony, the
“Oh, it makes me wonder…” he sang and trailed off, his eyes darting back to the backseat, only to find it empty.
loving,
He took another drink.
“Witch Bottle! We can trap the dubh cù inside it and seal it away.” Siobhan dropped to the floor cross-legged, as she pulled out a small dark brown ceramic bottle, a raised Celtic knot design decorated one side of the rounded belly.
“Yeah, nah. We’re friends, best friends that’s it,” Dean scratched the back of his neck as Siobhan levelled him with a look that could send a hellhound running.
Cas’ arms had felt around him, Cas’ lips brushing honey-sweet against his own.
The rest of the day went by quickly. Dean spent his time trying to avoid Siobhan and her knowing gazes. He found himself longing to be back in the bunker, where he could lock himself and his
, Dean thought, and he could see Siobhan did
“I am fine, Dean. The shadows merely temporarily incapacitated me.” The corners of Castiel’s mouth tilted up in a small smile. “Dean. I am fine.” He raised a hand and rested it on Dean’s shoulder,
Dean opened his eyes slowly. It was dark out. He blinked a few times trying to orientate himself.
for you,” Cas’ face was so,
“Shite,” she cursed and ran over. Her hands were fast and gentle as she ran them over Castiel’s body.
“I’m going to sleep now.” Sam declared as he walked back into the room.
messing with their lives. But that moment was over far too soon, as he heard a gunshot go off somewhere.
Sam had said he’d drank a liquor store, the whole
“Honestly, dinnae worry abou’ it. It’s been with me since a was wee. It doesnae hurt me, but sometimes it tries tae, um, hurt? Maybe seriously maim. It’s strange.” She shrugs.
He turned on the radio.
Some time later – seconds, minutes, hours? – Dean felt his eyes beginning to droop and he wanted nothing more than to lie down on a bed and give in, fall into sweet unconsciousness. But the beds were both occupied. On the one, his giant of a little brother who was snoring and taking up more space than should be possible. On the other, the angel who rebelled, now in a comatose state. Dean found his gaze catch on said angel.
Another yawn stretched his mouth wide, air escaping with sound and he knew he should lie down somewhere.
Finally, Cas stirred fully awake. Dean could tell by the way he sat up straighter, but simultaneously slumped his shoulders with
. But Cas was right
The room behind the wooden door is spacious and nicely decorated; a far cry from the motels they usually stay in. Across from the door, the wall is painted dark green, and a door is ajar, seemingly leading into a dark tiled bathroom. To the right there are two beds, green sheets folded neatly around the mattress and a small mass of pillows sit resting against the headboard. The bedside tables are each graced by small lamps with green lampshades, small vials and lighters – Dean guesses the vials contain salt. Hunter motel indeed.
“We’ll help,” he stated, locking eyes with Siobhan, who sighed in relief. “Tell us everything you can about this dog.”
He didn’t say anything – he didn’t have to. Neither did Cas.
. Always inquisitive and intense in the way they observed and perceived the world around him. A soft chuckle escaped him when he thought about the way Cas’ blue,
“Suit yourself.” He grumbled. “There’s specials.” He handed Sam one of the – menus? Dean wasn’t sure what he was supposed to call them. Sam’s eyes immediately zeroed in on the writing as he made his way toward the wooden door painted with the number nine in dark green paint. Dean turned towards Castiel who was eyeing him carefully.
in her eyes as she looked at her wife laugh. Dean knew what it was but couldn’t find the words to describe it. It was there on the tip of his tongue and it made him look away, avert his eyes and fix them, briefly, so briefly, on the angel opposite him. Castiel was already looking and… Dean had to look away, flinching as if he’d been burned.
He had to move before…
“My condolences.” Castiel rasped with a sad lilt to his lips, an age-old melancholy in his eyes.
He didn’t know if Cas had closed his too, but he found that he didn’t care.
The angel was a hot mass pressed against his front; he could feel blood trickling from his nose and the corner of his mouth.
He could make out the individual strands of hair on Cas’ head. The relaxed wrinkles around his eyes and mouth. The heat radiating off his body and the way the mattress dipped under his weight.
Cas, but Cas was already moving again, dragging him away from the wall, punching him.
rage in his blue eyes.
angels as well, junkless bastards.
Words mean nothing. Words can be deceiving, hurtful,
“Hm, a found a new family right here.” Siobhan smiled at Hailey, and Dean’s chest felt tight. “The doug shows up fae time tae time; we scare it off. Sometimes other creatures try their luck but they’re facing a Hunter and a Natural Witch here – they’ve got nae chance.” Dean heard Sam choke on his drink and almost did a spit take himself.
“Oh, yeah, forgot to tell you. That’s how I knew about this place – heard some others mention it. They’re really good at helping Hunters on the road; sell ammo and everything.” Dean pinched his nose.
was screaming in his mind.
, he could feel his body grow hotter. And then –
The angel looked… tired? But in a centuries-old kinda way. There was still dried blood clinging to his cheeks even though the cuts had already healed, leaving behind smooth, stubbled skin.
He reached up to wrap his hand around the back of Cas’ neck, feel the short, soft hair there, and he did despite the wince it drew from him and his bruised ribs.
. Where’s the threat here? But his heart would not stop galloping in his chest, the blood wouldn’t stop singing in his veins and this ugly thing that had raised its head remained perched on his shoulders.
A light dusting of stubble covered his jaw and cheeks and Dean, buzzed and sleep deprived, found himself wondering what it would feel like against his skin. Was it soft? Or would it feel like sandpaper, slowly grating away his layers of skin?
The prayer in his thoughts, his lips, his hands was
Son of a Bitch or Son of a God.
God, Cas had
“Yeah. Did you know this is a Hunter-run motel?” Dean grabbed his duffel; Sam had the audacity to look sheepish.
“If it would help,” he said slowly and Siobhan’s face lit up in gratitude.
Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight
Somewhere in the distance he thought he could hear the soft vocals of Johnny Cash singing:
“Tha mo ghion ort.” Dean couldn’t understand what Siobhan said but Hailey responded.
Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light
There moves a thread that has no end
“Leig leam! Cuir dorchadas air fògairt!” Siobhan shouted out once more and suddenly the wind dropped into an eery silence; not a sound could be heard, no animals chirping or scuttling, no breathing, no voices. Then, a howl – ear-piercing and resonating and Siobhan’d voice again:
Dean snapped awake to loud banging on the door to their room. He rubbed his eyes, once, twice, only to see Castiel already at the door, peering through the spyhole. A small smile lifted the corners of his mouth before he unlocked and opened the wooden door to reveal Sam, standing in the doorway.
“Cas... please!” He tried again, but the angel was stronger, so much stronger, always had been. Secretly Dean knew that this,
He could still feel the warmth of his dream sitting at the base of his skull, nudging his spine, reminding him how good, how
in fact want to let it go but eventually she released a breath and looked away into the thicket of the forest.
“Bella-what now?”
He felt laughter bubbling up in his chest.
him, it was meant to
What the hell happened, Cas?
He was back in the motel room. The radio was on.
Right?
“I- what?” Dean was still just staring at her, she laughed in amusement.
It was the end of the world, really what was the point of
He squeezed his eyes shut, not knowing what to expect as Cas reached out. He’d expected… more pain? Unconsciousness? Healing?
, save
“A moved over here when a turned 18 in the hopes that a could lure it away from the rest o’ my family; a think it was a success. Mam’s still alive.” Again, Hailey traced a circle into Siobhan’s palm; it felt significant even though Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on why or what it was supposed to mean.
But if this is what it took… then so be it. He could be his punching bag if it meant he might be able to
for fuck’s sake – to a
“Yeah, it’s in the leaflet.” Dean waved the piece of paper at Castiel with a lop-sided grin but still went to double check the salt lines; they’re solid.
Hastily he looked over at the other bed – Sam was still asleep, his large form still under the thin blanket, his chest rising ever so slowly.
“Let’s do this, a need to prepare the ritual.” Siobhan broke away from Castiel, to walk past Dean and squeezed his shoulder,
Dean was praying the only way he knew how, to Castiel, with Castiel, through Castiel. His tongue forming the words against the flesh in his mouth, his hands gripping the taut frame of Cas’ hips like the beads of a rosary – the bruises left in their wake perfectly round in its likeness – and his mind reaching out to his angel, his faith.
Dean briefly closed his eyes, snapping them back open again almost immediately, however, to focus on the road again. The window was down, cold night wind cutting into his eyes, chilling his skin, ruffling his short hair.
. Of course, the less innocent activities as well, but he quickly steered away from that train of thought especially because…
Sighing, Cas leaned back in his chair.  “Remember when Dean disappeared and I asked you to find him.”
“I want your hands on me.  I want your mouth.  I want anything you want to give me.”
“Nope, I already got my running in today.” Dean grinned brightly and winked. “And it was worth it.”
“Dean Winchester, Castiel is a gentleman. You could learn a thing or two from him.” Linda’s tone commanded attention, and Dean found himself straightening his shoulders.
“I thought that at first, but after talking with Victor, I realized I probably wouldn’t have believed you.  So, we would have probably ended up in the same place just under different circumstances.”
“No, I mean fruit.” He nudged Dean with his elbow, and Dean leaned into the contact. Another soft smile was exchanged between them. Clearly, they had already been bantering about the breakfast choices.
“Now, in even more ways,” whispered Dean as he rested their foreheads together.  After taking a deep breath, he put some distance between them and started cleaning off the table.  Cas joined him in the kitchen to help wash the dishes.  “I should probably call Sam.  He needs to know you’re up and about.” Cas nodded but didn’t say a word or make eye contact.  “All right, out with it,” said Dean.
, thought Cas.
Bobby replied to her request.  “Victor’s almost to you.”
Sam jumped, but it didn’t stop him from responding. “Cas is on a date.”
“Come here,” replied Madilyn, pulling Dean into a tight hug.  “Better.”
A voice directly over his head that said, “Really, Dean. What do you think we've been talking about all this time?”
“Well, I should have.  But…uh…this is different.”
“Cas,” whined Dean. “I’m tired and sweaty.”
Dean sat back up then, running his hands over Cas’s upper back, never letting them venture lower.  It was the signal that his intentions were not sexual.  That the goal of his ministrations was not sex but intimacy.  A quiet understanding of what they were to each other.  Despite the time apart.  Despite the distance.  Friendship and support.  Care and kindness.  Sex was the bonus.   Never the centerpiece.  By the time Dean slowed the massage, Cas was nearing sleep and half-hard.  Dean slid off Cas’s body and rolled him into his arms, back to chest.  His hand wandered down Cas’s chest and across his abdomen before migrating lower, acknowledging Cas’s arousal with a barely-there touch.  “That’s a good sign.”
“I’m glad I know.”
“I’m not nervous.”
“I agree with Pamela,” chimed in Charlie.
Cas nodded.  “I know, but it’s what I’m taking from it.”
“Oh.”
Cas nodded, “He told me they moved around a lot, and he had to take care of his brother.”
“What do you want me to do?”
Over time, Dean found a way to compartmentalize his feelings and even found a way to see Cas smile. He made sure to schedule more nights with their friends. Game nights, bowling nights, dinners out, and even some club nights. Cas maintained his stoicism in the early hours of those nights but with a few drinks he loosened up. They usually stumbled home together talking and laughing late into the night. Dean saw a side of Cas he didn’t expect. A side that drew both men and women to him. Yet, Cas never seemed to take note of anyone in particular. He’d dance freely, pulling people against him for song after song, and then he’d let them go without a second glance. Some nights Dean spent more time watching Cas than he did anything else.
“I don’t know what to say.”
“No, but there aren’t a whole lot of options in that area,” Victor said, as he grabbed Cas’s arm, directing him toward the breakfast room.  “Grab something to eat.”
Cas was confused about the sentiment, but he didn’t understand why Dean thought that was something worthy of laughter.  “Why would I laugh at that?”
Taking one last glance around the house, Castiel joined Dean. “I almost don’t want to leave. This place feels like home.”
Dean sat up straight. “Sell it,” he said, voice wavering. “Are you sure? She loved that house.”
“No, dammit. Listen, all these years I was angry when you left, blamed you for not staying. But you always come back. No matter what, you come back to me and stand at my side. I should have learned that lesson a long time ago, back when Chuck told me that he didn’t think you were going anywhere. I mean when God tells you…” Dean abruptly stopped speaking as Cas stepped forward, invading Dean’s personal space.
So, they waited. Hailey joined them for lunch. Dean couldn’t help but watch the two women interact. There was a comfort between them, in their movements, the glances and touches they exchanged. It was a practiced co-habitation that he found himself longing for. His eyes strayed, betraying him, to Castiel who was nose deep in a book. He was caught in the messy way his hair fell, strands standing up, some falling onto his forehead. His blue eyes were focused on the words in front of them with that laser-sharp focus that he often found (often
“You’ll be wantin’ specials. We got special detergent tae get blood ou’ of clothing; homebrewed shampoo and soap tae get dried blood and other – monster gunk – ou’ of hair and off skin. We also offer car cleaning and weapon maintenance if ye need it.” Dean gaped at her; she continued.
“Ya haven’t ganked us yet.” Dean shrugged in what he hoped was a non-chalant manner. Siobhan laughed, a raucous, wild laugh; too loud, too carefree, too
A door at the far end swung open with a loud thunk and Dean turned to see Siobhan enter the barn with a thermos in her hand. She looked almost identical to last night, except she was wearing a black dress today, decorated with small, soft florals; the hem reached to about her mid-thigh where it was met by black knee socks. Her rainbow-laced combat boots hit the ground loudly as she made her way towards them.
The guitar solo stretched on, seemingly endless like the road they were on.
. Cas was in the backseat right now; he shouldn’t be thinking of sex or who he’d slept with there before.
“Here are your keys,” she placed two sets of keys on the counter. They both had small wooden stakes dangling from them with room numbers carved into them: nine and ten. Dean let out a puff of laughter.
“Specials? What do you mean… Siobhan?” He read from her nametag.
Suddenly he was being moved again, manhandled more like; Cas lifted him by the lapels of his jacket and pushed him up against the other wall
Maybe tomorrow.
“I agree,” Castiel chimed in. “This dog has followed her from Scotland, that is a strong connection, and it should not be underestimated.” Dean found himself nodding and was about to say something else when the door slammed open and Siobhan whirled into the room in a flutter of cloth and rope.
turned out to be another thirty minutes of freeway and by the time the bright green neon lights of the motel sign came into view, Dean could feel his eyelids droop with fatigue. He managed to pull into the parking lot safely and sighed in relief when he turned off Baby’s motor.
“Do it.” He pressed out; his mouth tasted of blood. Cas hesitated. “Just do it!” He shouted, some blood went flying and he coughed around it.
They realised quickly that this Black Dog had somehow imprinted on Siobhan and her family. In accordance with Scottish folklore about the Black Dog, it served as an omen of their deaths but also a guardian of their treasure. Said treasure being Siobhan, Castiel hypothesised. Dean grunted in agreement.
and the heat in his gaze intensified, Dean felt like he was burning.
The loud rumbling purr of Baby’s engine vibrated underneath his fingers, his feet, his thighs, his ass.
“Heads-up would be nice next time.” His voice barely above a growl by now; he should get to bed.
With a yawn. Sam slipped underneath the blanket of the unoccupied bed and closed his eyes. Minutes later his soft snoring filled the deafening silence of the room.
“A don’t think ye’ve realised what kinda motel this is, love. Allow me tae explain.” She reaches a hand out across the counter; Dean’s eyes are drawn to the strange symbols tattooed on the palm of her hand.
“How can a thank ye for this?” Siobhan is still holding on to Castiel’s shoulders as her smile illuminates the room. Castiel’s mouth pulls into a tentative smile of his own.
“Aye, a can call it, but only at night.” She locked eyes with Dean. “If yous are willin’ to help, a’ll cover yer rooms for another night ‘n’ yous can have as much food as yous want. Just please,
Then everything was a whirl of trench coat and fists. A sharp pain in his back as he was pushed up against a wall.
Above him, Castiel chanted a song of praise:
“I am Castiel, yes. It’s good to meet you.” Castiel’s face remained stoic as he scanned the surroundings and the woman – Siobhan.
So they spent the rest of the day doing research with Siobhan. Hailey was kept busy with some of the rooms checking out – one of which needed a “special” clean-up.
?” Cas’ voice had dropped to dangerous levels of
proclaimed a lit neon sign along with
“So that you could surrender to
Dean pushed away from the table he’d been leaning against and puts the now empty glass down.
All was well.
“Now we wait,” she shrugged. “A’ll prep the Bellarmine; just need a hair off yer angel ciallach’s head, one from mine, some nail clippings, wing bones o’ crow, a blessed pin and a need to mould a tiny doug out o’ red clay.” She clapped her hands with a grin on her face before carefully walking out of the centre of the rope pattern.
“Aye and we’re pretty good at it as well,” Siobhan grinned. “A’m Siobhan, you must the angel protecting the Winchesters.”
“I’ll get dressed,” he grumbled as he grabbed his clothes and made his way to the bathroom. He heard Sam and Castiel’s muffled voices while he was getting ready and basked in this moment for a while. With his eyes closed he could almost imagine they were all safe. He could almost imagine there weren’t any monsters out there, hellbent on killing them; no demons ready to snatch their souls; no
A powerful kick to his stomach had him flying into the metal fence behind him and he slid down onto the ground, Cas looming above him. He grunted in pain, tried to sit up, tried to
Across from the beds a rectangular table rests against the wall, a bottle-green vase rests in the middle, filled with white flowers, Dean couldn’t name. Three chairs are tucked underneath.
“It’s not even dark out,” Dean commented but Sam just raised a brow.
pink the angel’s lips were.
“Leig leam! Cuir dorchadas air fògairt!” As quick as it had appeared, the huge shadow of a dog disappeared. Siobhan snapped into action, forced the stopper into the bottle and crouched down to pour the wax over it, sealing the witch bottle, while muttering more words Dean couldn’t make out.
“I call not.” Sam immediately shouted out and Dean glared at him before throwing him the key to room nine.
Can’t leave Cas, he admitted after a while begrudgingly.
“Ouroboros. The snake biting its own tail. No beginning, no end. It’s how we tell each other “a love ye” when we cannae find the words tae say it aloud.” A dreamy, far away look clouded Siobhan’s eyes. “Way back, when a first arrived here, she was one o’ the first people I met. She tried tae kill me, because a was doin’ some magic,” she laughed, Dean found himself chuckling.
Upon entering Dean immediately took note of the careful line of salt seemingly going all around the inner walls of the barn and he can see faintly shimmering outlines of sigils along the walls and roof. They really didn’t pull any punches with their protection.
He smiled, a bitter-sweet smile, a knowing smile.
“Oh that,” Hailey exchanged a look with Siobhan, who shrugged.
. What was Dean’s life worth compared to Sam’s? Bobby’s?
Dean’s gaze followed Sam as he disappeared into the bathroom.
“Funny story, really,” Siobhan laughed awkwardly. “Black doug. It’s rather… attached to me.” Dean, Sam and Castiel exchanged a look.
Dean shifted his focus back to the road; this was not the time to think about Castiel’s
crying,
“Forgive him, he is not the most talkative before his coffee. He is an angry sleeper.” Dean chose to ignore that while he let himself fall onto one of the chairs and Siobhan reached across to fill a mug with coffee.
Dean kept his eyes closed for another second, minute, hour – he couldn’t tell anymore.
“Come out, you son of a bitch. Show your face again, I dare you!” The woman shouted, a fine sheen of sweat covered her tanned, olive skin and the tattoos on her face distorted as she screamed. When nothing happened, she lowered her gun with a triumphant grin on her face.
One problem at a time.
“What – I’m sure I don’t know what you’re tryna say.” He was trying to look anywhere but at the witch circling him with a thick thread of rope, but eventually his eyes landed on her again. She’d stopped walking and was looking at him with a sad lilt to her smile.
But this time there was no support behind him and Dean stumbled backwards, off-balance, easy pickings.
him; he never would. He’d made his peace with that a while ago.
All of my love, all of my love
The whole ‘last night on earth’ gig was getting kinda old anyway…
and he deserved so much better than whatever he could offer – if he could offer anything.
What was the difference really?
Slowly, carefully, he moved his arm and legs, Cas grumbled, buried his face deeper into the pillow his head was resting on. Dean froze, not daring to move a muscle until he was sure Cas was still asleep. Led Zeppelin was still softly emitting from the radio as Dean finally managed to slip out of bed, Cas still asleep and none the wiser.
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
“Just stand there lookin’ braw, pretty boy.” She sent him a wink; he raised an eyebrow in question. “Ach, dinnae look a’ me like that, a can see when someone’s pretty. Good genes run in yer family, Dean, and yer angel is a bit of a looker as well, but a’m sure ye’ve noticed that yersel’, hey?” Siobhan laughed as Dean spluttered.
” Cas’ words suddenly echo through his mind.
. He cocked his head to click the bones in his neck and yawned.
Cas burst out laughing. It was rare these days, and it felt good. It loosened the vice in his chest. Once he gained control of himself, he said, “I can’t believe you said bucko. Remind me, what decade are we in?”
“Bullshit.  You hate pacing.”
“I…I…it just…how could I be that wrong about him?  I’m not ready to give up the hope that I’m wrong.”
No matter the circumstances or the machinations of others Dean, I will always come back to you. I will always be at your side. It is my place and has been my place since I touched you in hell. Not accepting my love or accepting your own love will ever change that fact. I am an angel in love with the righteous man. A man deserving of that love and devotion. It is freely given, and I realized over time I need nothing in return. Jack helped me find the path to unconditional love and now I offer it to you without reservation. And that is my story.
“Come on Jody, really? He is covered in puke. I don’t want to touch that.”
“You two can go do whatever is it you do.” Dean ushered the angel and the demon toward the door. “I need a few hours of sleep and you are not welcome.”
Cas’s eyes drifted close as the screams and terror filled his mind. He let it wash over him, and then he opened his eyes with a close-lipped smile gracing his face. “But don’t you see, without them so many lives would have been lost. I wouldn’t be here, Rhonda wouldn’t be here.”
“And you got over the whole ‘I don’t deserve forgiveness’ crap.”
Turning to face Dean, Cas said, “As I seem to recall, you enjoyed my lack of common knowledge.”
“That’s the reason we are pitching this idea.  His story is incomplete and so is Cas’s.”
“Um…ah…well…”
“Leave it, Sam.”
Sighing heavily, Sam said, “I understand.”
he thought.  He loved nature in way Dean never truly understood until this moment.  There was beauty and serenity in this little slice of the world.  Problems and worries washed away.  No wonder Cas, a being created as an unbending soldier of heaven, would be awed by the evolution of nature.
“I should have told you. I should have prepared you better.”
The brutal honesty had Cas stepping back, dropping his hands from Dean’s hips.  “Oh…I see.”
“Oh, Dean, I’m sorry.”
, Cas lifted Dean’s chin. When damp green eyes met loving blue ones, Cas leaned in and kissed his husband. Applause erupted in the room. As the two men pulled away from each other, they laughed before turning to their guests.
Pushing back from the table, Dean created some distance between them.  “You’re right.  You’re an adult, but we’re still not taking your money.  That’s our right.”
“I thought I was peanut.”
The opportunity presented itself so well and Cas could not resist the temptation. “If that little shove has you falling over, I am pretty sure I would barely have to lift my pinky finger to smite you.”
Eyes wide, Kevin said, “Oh.”
A stern voice interjected, “Need I remind you, your boss is here.”
Cas thought as he drifted off to sleep.
Dean stared at him for several seconds, dropping his gaze away when he said, “Fuck, fuck, fuck.  Fine, you win, no drinking, but I ain’t looking at you and I don’t want you staring at me with those piercing blue eyes.  They shred me in a way nothing else has ever done.”
“I’m starving,” Dean said as he maneuvered around his younger brother to get in the kitchen. “Can we talk as we eat?”
As Cas left, he turned out the light but didn’t shut the door right away. Dean could feel Cas’s eyes on him, and it made him think about how Mary used to do that after tucking him and Sam into bed. Knowing he had someone watching over him brought a smile to his lips. His last thought before he drifted off to sleep was that maybe Cas was more guardian angel than knight in shining armor.
“You need to figure this out, Dean. Think about everything we’ve talked about since I found you in your room. Really think about it and think about what I asked you when I was home over winter break.” Sam stood up and walked over to Dean. He gripped his brother's shoulder firmly. “Just think about it.” He went to the kitchen and started cleaning. As he was finishing up, he heard Dean walk in behind him.
An hour later, fully sated, Dean was walking out the door.  “What time will you be home tonight?”
Sleep eluded him and when the sound of gunfire shattered the silence, Sam jumped from the bed and got to work. Charging up the stairs guns at the ready, he burst out the door to defend his family. What felt like hours later as they were being overrun, a burst of energy flooded the field. The air sizzled and with a crack of thunder a massive being stood between Michael and the bunker. The site was terrifying and beautiful at the same time. Sam knew it was Castiel in his full glory. Six massive wings, intense light and a booming voice. Michael cowered under the force of the angel before him. The angel’s shout of ‘close your eyes’ reverberated through the atmosphere.
Well, this is the end.  It was hard for me to say goodbye to these characters, and so I procrastinated which explains why this chapter is later than usual.  I want to thank all of you for reading and commenting.  Thanks for all the kudos and encouragement.  I have a couple of different fics outlined and am in the process of deciding which to start first.  I hope you will join me when I begin posting another story.
Rolling his eyes, Cas pushed himself off the wall and stepped away from Dean.  Immediately, Dean’s hand caught his arm in a loose grip.  Cas could have shaken him off, but he let the point of contact remain, knowing how much Dean needed it after a hunt.  “I shot a monster.  And as I started to explain, there was no question which one was you and which was the monster.”  Dean inched closer, pressing his body against Cas’s back.  Cas took it as an invitation to continue.  “The way you look at me.  The depth of your love.  There’s absolutely no way a monster can emulate that.”
An hour later, Dean found himself behind the wheel of his baby. He needed the open road in front of him and the sounds of classic rock to soothe his still frayed emotions. The first hundred miles or so it seemed to work, but then everything began to aggravate him. The other drivers. The numerous semis. The unexpected rain. The noisy road. And, especially, Cas. His snoring. His questions. His penchant for tapping to the music. His smirk. His eyeroll. His smile. His voice. He let his irritation bubble up, and eventually he let it all out. He complained and whined. He told Cas to,
“Oh, my love. I can’t wait to be inside of you.”
“Dean,” Castiel said sternly.
“What the hell? You were here this whole time. How could you let them take him?” snapped Dean.
“And you are so damn adorable when you blush.”
Moving the conversation along, Pamela asked, “And what exactly did that tell her.”
The smaller boy sat down on the bed and dropped his head in his hands.
Bobby turned to face the kitchen, locking eyes with Cas.  He did not say a word, but there was something knowing in his look.  Bobby grabbed Victor by the forearm and yanked him out of sight as he said, “See you boys in the morning.”
“Eileen was saying the other day that she wanted to try shiatsu massage, so I looked it up and borrowed a book about it. Like, how hard could it be, right?” Sam is saying, wiping beer cheese off his mouth with a napkin.
“Claire’s in Kansas,” Cas says. He is checking his phone with hands covered in flour, leaving huge streaks all over his screen as he types. “She’s coming over Friday.”
It’s warm.
“We are,” Dean says, turning in his arms so he sees Cas’ disgruntled face. “Can’t a man want to see some muscles?”
Cas looks up at everyone when no one replies. The whole kitchen is watching him. “What?”
“That’s why Sam can’t watch the Exorcist,” Dean says. “I think demon possession gets a little old after Lucifer wore you to the prom.”
“Yeah, you are. It’s kind of —,” Sam searches for a word. “It’s sweet, I guess.”
“It’s possible,” Cas says.  His sweater is camel-colored and worn through. That and the black reading glasses Dean bought him when he realized Cas can’t see, makes him look like a college professor in some 1940’s movie. He looks like a young Gregory Peck, missing the white three-piece suit. Handsome, Dean guesses. He looks handsome. “How about you?”
“Don’t pick a ball that’s too heavy,” Cas says.
“He did, huh?”  Dean chuckles, swaying in a little helplessly. “And?”
“Hello Jody,” Jack says. Jack’s not a very physically affectionate person, so they usually wait for him to initiate contact first. He abstains this time, and Cas’ heart warms to see them not take it personally. “It is very nice to see you.”
“Trust yourself with what?” Dean says, watching him. Cas’ face is lit on one side by the light coming from the setting sun, outlining his profile in yellow light. He’s no more readable than he ever is, but he is...
“Dean,” Cas says. It would be in bad taste to bring up that Cas wasn’t really crying over Dean’s rejection, so he doesn’t. “I would still be here with you even if we were never sexually intimate. There is very little you could do to make me leave now. Only if you were to send me or Jack away.”
“Dean?” Cas whispered. He didn’t dare touch him again. “Dean?”
“What’s past is past,” Cas interrupts. He doesn’t want to hear this. “If I dwell on it too much, I’ll go insane.”
“Cas—,” Dean starts. He kind of wants to see if he’s brave enough to finish his sentence. He clutches the inside pocket of his jacket, runs the material under his fingers.
“About what?” Cas says.
“Dean, you weren’t even
Cas leans back against his restraints again, trying to regulate his breathing. He’s been too long out of deep-freeze. He can’t control his heart rate anymore.
“Very nice,” Cas says finally, a smile curling up the side of his mouth. Dean’s smile broadens and he opens his mouth to say something else but there’s a honk from the car beneath them. Dean falls back a couple extra inches in surprise. Cas doesn’t move a muscle.
His old duty suit is dripping with river water and chafing at the skin in his inner thighs and ankles, so he waits under it’s dark and finds a thrift store’s dumpster. He grabs a too-big, almost-white button up and someone’s old suit pants from the top of the heap and quickly peels the leather suit off. He cringes at the white skin under the fabric of his old suit. He looks like a cave animal, one who never saw the sun, all spongy and white. He wipes his body with some “hand sanitizer” he finds in the dumpster, and does a quick scrub through his long hair and hopes he looks okay.
“Jesus, it’s like a funhouse mirror with you two,” Dean says, resting his hip on the doorway. He’s changed out of his dirty clothes and into a nice grey t-shirt and a relatively wrinkle-free red flannel. He looks nice, Cas thinks, running his eyes down his form and hugging his crossed arms closer. He even shaved. “You sure you’re not the father, Maury?”
“I love you too,” Dean croaks hastily, like he forgot he didn't say it yet. His eyes are still squished shut, closed like he can’t bear to have all of this confession in him at once. “I-I. I didn’t think-.”
, Dean prays to Jack.
“Where is Eileen, by the way? I wanted to finally meet her,” Jody says, mouth muffled by a recent spoonful of Cas’ Cobb salad. She covers her mouth as she chews and swallows. “I’ve heard good things, Sam. Don’t keep her away from me.”
You see, HYDRA accounted for every scenario in their programming when destroying Castiel Novak. They had scenarios in which Dean Winchester said he loved him like a brother, that he wanted him in his life, that he forgave him and he wanted him to defect. That Winchester wanted to kiss him, fuck him, hold him. Those triggers are easy to implant.
“That’d be wonderful. Thank you, Dean,” Jack says, painfully kind in the way his father is. Dean hums and sets his station up to crack a few eggs. He wonders if he still has that tomato jam he made last week, or if Cas took the last of it to put on his burger yesterday. He might have some half-ripe avocados laying around too, could make kind of a California health thing -
“Know what?” Dean snaps. He feels like he is being laughed at from behind a closed door. “What feelings? Mine?”
Cas takes a second to break out of his stupor, looking down at himself with a seemingly surprised glance. He pats his chest and legs absentmindedly as he finally looks at Dean. “I’m... okay.”
Sometimes Cas lets himself imagine what it was like for the women Dean has been intimate with. Did they feel the same thing he does, that feeling of security? Cas’ traitorous heart says it’s very different. That there’s no one in the world with the head that Cas has, and there’s no one like Dean. So he took that moment to inch Dean’s waistband a little lower. He could feel the cotton of Dean’s boxers press against his knuckles and there’s electricity going through his body like a power line and—
“No, it didn’t,” Castiel says.
“Yes, of course. Do you need help with it? I finished my book earlier,” Cas says, finally standing. Dean is confronted with Cas in well-fitting pants. He clears his throat and looks up at Cas’ face.
“Alright, buddy,” Dean says, eyes liquid in the pale fluorescent lights. “I’ll see you later.”
“You want to go in?” Dean says to the back of Cas’ head, too loud for the car. If they go in, maybe Cas will take off that coat, unbutton a button. Seriously, it’s like 86℉ after sunset. Maybe angels can’t feel heat.
The preparation for Claire, Kaia, and Jody’s arrival happens largely through the magazines strewn over the bunker’s floor and Dean’s nonstop frenetic energy permeating every room he steps into. Jack and Cas have to sit at the kitchen table for hours, Cas reading Stephen King book after Stephen King book and Jack playing Animal Crossing on Alex’s old Switch, while Dean talks to himself out loud at full volume about what would taste good in order to dampen his fear.
Oh shit,
“You’re forgiven, dick,” Dean says. “Please don’t do it again.”
“You don’t understand,” Cas says. He does look sorry, to his credit. “You’ll hopefully never understand, Dean.”
And for good reason, the asset thinks before a wave of nausea curls his stomach into rope. He remembers crushing Dean’s cheekbone with his human hand in that airplane hanger. How precious blood can be when it’s splattered across someone’s teeth.
“Claire is coming to town. She said it’s her favorite,” Cas says.
He can feel a part of him, a younger Dean, recoil and goes
“Bowling officials would call that a turkey,” Cas says. The game continues.
Crowley brings something dark out of his bag and flips it open. Cas can see the red cover, knows what that means. Cas knows every single word of what’s about to happen, can see it unfolded in front of him like an ugly puzzle. He just hopes he can kill Crowley before-
“Yeah?” He says, clearing his throat.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, and truly, truly means it. He wonders if it is strange to hug Dean like this, in the kitchen, alone. He has been scared to touch Dean since his Deal, just in case, but he knows he can try and give something to him. A reassuring pat on the shoulder might not cross any boundaries.
“I will not,” Cas says resolutely. His sunglasses are falling down his nose, and he slides them back up as he cranes his neck, looking for a parking spot. “I am a fantastic driver.”
“She is twenty,” Cas says. His hands feel awkward in his pockets so he puts them both on the case instead. “She is coming with her girlfriend. She has cautioned me against embarrassing her.”
“Yes,” Cas says as he looks down at himself, at the apron Dean got him and the oily handprints on his shirt from Dean’s corn fritter preparations. “I suppose it is.”
Dean cooks, and cooks, and cooks. He cooks cakes, and cookies, and all sorts of frou-frou fanciful shit, and leaves them everywhere so there’s never a moment that someone is snack-less. He thinks he’s fattening him and Cas up subconsciously, and Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He tries everything with gusto, and he makes Dean’s favorites too, like he’s proving to himself he can provide. Dickhead. Love of his life.
“Yes,” Cas says as Dean takes the shoes. “We’re in lane six.”
“Ah, but that’s a rite of passage, no?” Ellie says, smiling. She weighs out a full three pounds on the scale and takes a bone off, searching for the change in weight. “Gotta embarrass or be embarrassed, that’s what my grandfather always said.”
Sam nods, biting into the taco. It’s good. He hums as he takes another bite, white onions and cilantro forced out onto his jeans. “Really great taco, Dean.”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean says. He wants to put his hands on his face and kiss him. “I’ve loved you for so, so long, and I’m so sorry I haven’t said it before now.”
The door glides open silently, and the woman places him underneath a spotlight in the middle of the room and then departs without a word. Crowley sits at a short metal desk across from where Cas sits and opens a notebook and a recorder in front of him. He places his bag, a black leather suitcase, delicately on the table. He clicks a pen and starts writing.
He shoves his hands in the pockets of his jacket and stares around. The other bowlers are far from what he expected. Instead of all older, crusty-looking guys, it’s a couple of teenagers, a group of moms, and a couple of couples on dates or something. Dean checks his watch. It’s 9:46PM on a Tuesday. It’s a school night, for Chrissakes.
Well. He must look like roadkill to Cas. Human emotions, Dean thinks, peeking over his shoulder to switch lanes, nothing uglier. All of those emotions, all the time, all at once, like an elevator that only goes up. He looks at Cas and feels, not for the first time, a stab of envy.
Cas sighs and digs his bony chin into the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean grunts. “I thought we were having a moment.”
“I’ll call you in thirty,” Dean says.
Cas has liberated a cassette tape and is squinting at the tiny tracklist on the back. Dean catches the neatly-written title and thinks
“Come in,” Cas says. He puts his book to the little wooden side table next to his comfy armchair. It’s
Dean stares at him, caught in the space between Cas’ exposed collarbone and his shirt. Cas tilts his head.
“Your giant ham hands could rip her arm right off if you’re not careful, Conan,” Dean says. “Refine the technique first.”
“They’re great. Not that Dean would ever know the difference,” Claire says, raising her voice so Dean would maybe hear her from the other room. By his distant grunt of protest, he heard her loud and clear.
“Hey Cas,” Jody says, rolling her eyes and elbowing the girls out of the way to giving Cas his hug. Jody has been somewhat of a comfort to Cas, both concerning Claire and in general, despite their small amount of interactions. She puts all of them at ease, Sam and Dean especially. Jody slaps his back so he slaps hers too. “Hey Jack.”
“It’ll be fine, Dean,” Sam says, flipping a page of
“How would you feel about bowling?” Cas says. He looks pensive.
“You ate all the mozzarella sticks, you friggin' animal,” Dean says, frowning. He points back at Cas, who is enjoying a piece of cornbread rapturously. “Cas didn’t even get to try one.”
“I’m not good at this kind of thing,” Dean says, more to himself than to Cas. Cas cocks his head in confusion and Dean smiles at the action, looking down at his lap as he does so. “Come on, Winchester,” he whispers. Cas waits patiently. He just hopes he has enough time to pack up his clothes and books after his dismissal.
“She has been,” Cas says, leaning his aproned hip on the counter, texting something back with careful fingers. “She’s passing through Kansas before she goes on another hunt.”
After Jack and Sam leave to Dairy Queen for a brief sojourn for Dilly Bars, Cas disappears without so much as a goodbye. Dean was going to propose they watch a movie, something Cas would’ve liked. Maybe something stupid. Maybe that dumb Pixar movie about the robots. Wall-E. He thought Cas would like something like that. It’s a cute movie. Whatever.
Jack, Kaia, and Sam break up their discussion of whatever a “bughead” is reluctantly, and come sit at the table too. There are the requisite “wows” and “well-dones” at the beautiful presentation, which Dean brushes away with a hand despite being obviously very pleased at how it all turned out. He takes his seat next to Cas, who sits next to Jack, who sits next to Claire and Kaia and then Jody. Sam sits at the head of the table, where he can reach and pass everything with his very long arms. Dean serves the meat while everyone else grabs portions of the sides, and Jody pops her wine.
“Hope you learned something,” Dean says, smirking as he collapses back into his seat. Cas nods at him, turns, and bowls another very efficient strike. The screen erupts in an animation of a hot dog smoking a cigarette.
When all of it is finished, your son will ask you when you can make it again, and you will say,
. Cas can’t tear his eyes away.
“Don’t mention it,” Castiel says. “Are you here alone?”
Cas snatches the bowl out of his hands and quickly walks to the other side of the kitchen to look at the cheesecake brownie recipe Sam printed out earlier. Dean gapes at Cas, who smiles back at him very, very slightly.
“Dean,” Cas tries again. Dean rattles more pans in response.
“Yes,” Cas says.
“Glad you have a favorite, dude,” Dean says woodenly, and takes a step away from where Castiel is standing. They were pretty close together, Castiel realises. He wonders what people would think if they saw them, heads bowed together like that. He wishes-
he had to navigate by just hoping that he’ll eventually hit something. Until, at last, the Empty’s keeper showed up and he talked his way out of there.
Cas nods, pursing his lips as if in thought. Before he can say something incriminating, Dean and Claire come inside with a steaming pile of short-ribs in their arms. Dean is wearing his grilling apron, and Claire is clearly taking that avenue to ridicule him mercilessly, which is exactly why Cas suspects he wore it in the first place. Dean notices them talking and winks at him before moving to the table, where he juggles the plate in his hands, going “Hot! Hot! Hot!” all the while.
But what if he forgets something important?
He breathes in against the static in his brain, waits until his eyelids stop twitching.
“When you used to zap away? Always kinda figured it was to Heaven,” Dean says. He’s on his side, looking at Cas’ nose. The lines of his forehead, the ones under his eyes.
“Being human hurts,” Jack complains. Cas takes his hand gently and peers at the cut. It’s not serious. He grabs some Neosporin and a bandaid and gently places a dot of the antibiotic in the middle of the bandaid before peeling off the packing and smoothing it around Jack’s thumb. Jack frowns at it.
Dean thinks, and feels a little bad. Angels can read people’s thoughts, can’t they? That’s part of their whole thing. He thinks for a second, scuffing his shoe on the tile. He thinks clearer.
“You better explain right the fuck now or I’m bringing these to Cas.” The mechanic froze. No matter how hard he tried to talk his mouth remained closed. “Too late, Dean,” Sam said as he left the room.
Sam shook his head at Antonio and chuckled, “Sounds like her.”  He nodded at Meg and Rachel before turning to the group sitting around the fire pit.  “And of course, the old gang who was there when we lost our Mom and in those difficult years which followed.  I know most of you hate to be the center of attention, Jo being the exception -”
“I still feel guilty for not being there,” whispered Dean.
Stepping back, Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, stopping himself from uttering ‘goodbye, Dean.’  As he walked away, he looked over his shoulder to find Dean had not moved, and his eyes were still glued to him.  Only after he entered the building did he hear the rumble of the Impala’s engine.  He smiled at the sound and the picture it conjured of Dean behind the wheel.
“I take it you found another case.”
“I mean, I think we’ve been looking at this all wrong.  Putting this guy in the category with other serial killers is hindering our investigation.  I know the death count made it inevitable that he would end up there, but I think we need to forget that line of inquiry.”
Sam walked to the back of the car to get their bags. “Glad to see you all agree on something.”
“Thinking about sobriety.”
“Do you ever stop flirting?”
“You know how important independence is to me.  I have always wanted to make it on my own.”
The warrant was served three hours after they arrived. A cursory search of the home found an extensive computer set-up but not nearly as sophisticated as the one they previously discovered. Charlie set to work while Cas and Victor interviewed the parents separately. Cas took the mother and the level of her disinterest and ignorance was staggering. Not once had she questioned the purchases on her credit card, not even when the prices were exorbitant. Nor did she question the storage units rented in her name. The only useful bit of information she provided was the location of the units and two properties which were recently purchased. Victor’s interview had started much the same. The father appeared to be equally ignorant, but the expression on Victor’s face told Cas the man was not nearly as forthcoming as the mother.
Swinging his legs off Cas’s lap, Dean said, “Nah, you start.  I’ll stay and listen in with Bobby and Victor.”
“Dean, it’s why you called me, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, Cas, I do.”  Dean ducked his head and placed a kiss on Cas’s shoulder.
Cas rolled his eyes and groaned in frustration.  “I am not cute.”
Dr. Fischer laughed before saying, “True. But when you’ve been doing this as long as I have, sometimes you just know.” He turned back to face the bed. “Do you have any questions, Castiel?”
“Oh, we all know there’s no complaining when you’re around,” sniped Dean.
Sam swallowed loudly and cleared his throat. “Cas was one of the first to enter the apartment building and he hasn't come out. He lost contact with the others and they aren't sure exactly where he is in the building.” The younger man watched his older brother collapse. Dean slid off the couch and began to sob. His entire body shook with fear and sadness. “Dean, we don’t know anything yet. They are still fighting the fire. Benny said they are close to getting it under control.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open.  “I…uh…um…shit.”  He dropped his chin, resting their foreheads together.  “Sam said I do that a lot.”
After watching Coriel make her exit, Meg turned to Crowley. “There is something familiar about that angel. She isn’t what she seems.”
Dean took his eyes off the road and stared at Cas.  “I’d feel much better in my car.  She’d crush these other vehicles.”
“Really, that's your story?” asked Claire incredulously. “Before you continue with that line of bullshit, you might want to know Jody talked to Sam this morning.” The three women watched as Dean blanched. He dropped his head to the table, momentarily forgetting his headache. “Aw, shit, that hurt,” the hunter said as he slowly lifted his head. “You win. There was no case. I visited Sam and then headed here.”
Pushing himself back from the table, Castiel wheeled himself out of the kitchen and down the hall. The slamming door echoed through the house. The angel heard his friend’s voice. “I am not giving up Cas. No matter how many times you storm out of the room. We are here for the long haul.”
followed.  When the chorus died out, Sam realized he was not alone.  Cas was standing at his side.  “Hey, Cas.”
“Come on, you already know that Cas.  No one reads me like you do.  You shred every barrier I put up.  So, I guess what does it matter if you shred another one.”  Dean brushed past Cas but didn’t shake off the hold on his wrist.  Leading Cas into the den, he gestured at the couch.  “Sit and don’t talk.”  And so again, Cas sat and listened.  He itched to speak.  Itched to wrap his arms around Dean, but he kept silent and seated.  “I thought I accepted this shit a long time ago.  I did what I did to protect Sammy.  To keep us alive, but when you came into my life, it dredged it all up again.  You were this perfect, fucking angel, who stepped into my life.  You brought the sunshine into my darkness, but all I could think was I’m not good enough.  Not for you.  Maybe not for anyone.  Sure, I save people, but does that really fix all the shit I’ve done.”
“Whose we?” asked Dean.
“What injuries?”
“What’s so funny?” Dean asked as he joined Cas in the shower.  Without waiting for an answer, Dean yanked Cas flush against him.  “Well?”
He woke the next morning still tired and itching for a fight. Every time Sam opened his mouth, Dean snapped at him. Eventually, Sam stopped trying which made breakfast a tense, quiet affair. Even the fabulous view from the hotel’s top floor restaurant irritated Dean. The city of Florence was laid out before them through a bank of windows, but he couldn’t appreciate it because Cas was not here to enjoy it with him. They were supposed to be together, basking in the beauty and romance of the city. Dean had envisioned long breakfasts and clasped hands as they visited the city, followed by late nights. He could not allow himself to picture those nights anymore. Ignoring it all became easier than thinking he would never get to share even one of those nights with Cas.
“Um…are you telling me you two haven’t been…”
“Dammit Cas enough with the sex voice already. My balls are already blue enough.”
There can be healing through words, but also through touch.
“This is different.  Usually you’re the one holding me.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for, Dean.  We agreed on this.  Needing a moment to yourself is perfectly understandable after the week we’ve had.  I know I’m not used to be around so many people for so many hours of the day.  I can only imagine what it’s like for you.”
“Cas! You’re awake. You really need to stop doing this to us.”
“Not yet.  I was simply thinking out loud.”  Cas stared at Sam for a second longer before returning his gaze to Dean.  “Look at him.  Look how comfortable he is talking with her and how she can’t take her eyes off him.  He’s going to be a great father.”
“I always do with you by my side.”  Dean cracked his eyes open and tipped his head up.  Dean was beautiful in his rumpled, flushed state, and Cas could not resist kissing him again.  “How did you sleep?”
Without hesitation, Cas lifted Dean’s upper body and removed his t-shirt, tossing it over his head.  He made quick work of Dean’s pants, but when he reached for Dean’s boxers he faltered.  “Are you sure?”
When Dean finally entered Cas, they both sighed. Their connection was home. The place they both felt safest and protected. The place where their love shined brightest. Wrapped in each other’s arms, Dean and Cas displayed their love in quiet words and reverent touches. They reached the height together and came in unison. Unable to move or speak, they remained entwined together.
Bobby shook his head before glancing over his shoulder.  Cas followed his gaze.  Sam was bent over the table explaining something to Riley and Victor.  They were both fully engrossed in what Sam was saying.  When Charlie stepped over to join them, Sam immediately shifted his body to make room for her to have better access to the table, even as he continued speaking.  He was animated and deliberative.
“Yes, you did.”
“I will if you really want me to,” said Cas, tenderly.  Dean deflated immediately, relaxing his body, letting Cas touch and hold him.  “I love you, and I am not pressuring you.  I was simply asking.  If you’re not ready, you’re not ready.”  Cas punctuated his statement with several kisses along Dean’s shoulder blades.  “What do you need from me?”
“To make sure my son was being properly cared for.”
He heard the crack of a gun before he saw the flicker of flame.  Charging forward he slammed into a solid mass.  His head smacked the ground, dazing him for a second.  Gurgling sounds drifted to him, and he surged up to his knees and crawled across the space.  Her small body was illuminated in a shaft of light.  A dark stain, spreading below her.  Wide-panicked eyes stared up at Cas as he lifted her in his arms.  She cried out in pain as her arm dropped.
Heat rose up the back of his neck and settled in his cheeks. “You must be good at your job.” The woman laughed. “Wow, I feel a bit exposed here. I haven’t exactly told anyone about…” Dean gestured at himself.
