Dad’s laughter petered out, and he placed a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“You’re my home, John.”
“I…yes,” John said heavily into the phone. “Of course, if you want me to come over, then I will.”
John stood there, eyes darting around as silence settled for a second, and then a much slower song began to play over the speakers. A single, soft piano, playing a familiar chord.
Merry Christmas Eve!
John was still standing soldier-straight, looking straight ahead, but his chest expanded with a deep breath, then blew it out again. His smile was gone. He looked almost stunned.
, so full of every emotion Sherlock had been carrying for the past hours, for
The revelation had smashed into him like a club to the back of the skull.
“Well, go on then.” He pulled back and nodded downward.
The man was already bolting for the main road; he flung the knife to the side, a shining blade blotted out with scarlet. Sherlock surged forward and fired, but only managed to graze the side of his torso before he turned the corner, wheezing, and disappeared.
He untied the ribbon and tore off the green wrapping paper. It
John’s eyes suddenly flickered up and locked with Sherlock’s.
She placed the nail of her thumb between her teeth, and John’s heart started racing towards a full-blown panic.
“Right, fine, thank you.” Well, that wasn’t unexpected. “Sorry to disturb.”
“You know.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “We’re
John’s fingers had tilted Sherlock’s chin up, but Sherlock’s eyes were already boring deep into John’s.
“Here,
Lestrade and Molly paused for a second, certainly looking at each other with confusion.
John gave a slow, almost imperceptible shake of the head.
The words settled over them like a stale air. Sherlock swore he could hear John’s breathing.
John’s smile split all the way across his face as he flung himself at Sherlock, the snow whipping in a flourish about their ankles as Sherlock lifted him off his feet and whirled him around.
A heavy silence fell over them. Sherlock tapped restlessly at the steering wheel, and John wished he knew what to say now.
Sensing this, John stopped teasing, and gave his cock a final soft kiss through his pants. He dipped his fingers into the waistband and yanked them down, tossed them aside. Sherlock’s cock sprang free, already flushed and leaking, and finally
12. “I’m not going to drown saving some shit my grandmother could have written.
It was an impossible request, and they both knew it, but John couldn’t bear to wipe away that twinge of hope on Sherlock’s lips.
He stood up again, stumbling as if he’d been drinking. He shrugged his coat off his shoulders – probably stained too, though he couldn’t make himself turn around to check. In a bizarre moment of practicality, he wondered vaguely just what kind of look the dry cleaner would give him when he brought him his prized vintage Belstaff covered in blood. He let out a bemused huff of air – the barest skeleton of a laugh – but the thought slid out of his head before he could gain any kind of reprieve from it. He left the coat over the back of the chair and wandered off toward the bathroom as if in a dream.
“Naughty,” Sherlock crooned, his breath warm in John’s ear.
The drive seemed to take an age. Were there really that many hours on Christmas Eve?
“I’m fine.” Sherlock said back, lowly.
The office was dark. Everyone else had gone home, with just a few scattered lights left on here and there, including the one shining above John’s desk. Another one was alight in Sherlock’s office, throwing his profile into sharp relief.
“Sorry, I’m sorry.” Sherlock reached up to cradle John’s skull, like he was trying to shield him from further harm.
to him?
He thought about running. If he could just get away
, he couldn’t just carry on like this, like everything was the same as it had always been –
“Thanks, sweetheart,” John whispered. He knew the endearment would make Sherlock’s eyes crinkle at the corners, and was just a bit disappointed he couldn’t see them as he sighed contentedly into Sherlock’s collarbone. “Love you.”
“The building’s surrounded. Officers on every floor, and lookouts in position across the street. Is it here?” John’s breathing rate and posture were both calm, but his voice was low with adrenaline.
“Oh, God,” Sherlock sighed. “Alright.”
“It was,” Magnussen replied, inclining his head a little as he lounged on the sofa opposite Sherlock. Sherlock felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
the way to impress this girl, Sam was certainly on the right track. John had been woken up yet again this morning at an unholy hour, and staggered to the bathroom past Sam’s room rubbing his forehead against the cacophonous booms and crashes of his drumming.
been weeks since he’d seen him? He sighed, hesitated until the last possible second, then hit the talk button.
Nothing happened. From the kitchen, John could hear the clock ticking faintly on.
“I could arrange that,” he murmured.
“I don’t say that enough,” he went on, lowly.
“You really have that much faith in them?” John was grinning up at him now.
He and Sherlock looked at each other, and John saw everything he was thinking reflected back in his face.
“Is she?”
John was rapt as he watched himself on the screen. Sherlock definitely couldn’t breathe now.
Sherlock grabbed at the material and pushed them all the way off, throwing them to the side and lowering himself back over John. “I’m here,” he murmured, softly, deeply, and he cradled John’s face in one hand as he kissed him, pouring all of himself from his lips into John’s.
“It’s not, it’s brilliant!” John said adamantly, though he knew he was lying.
Sherlock was quiet behind him, though John could feel his stare prickling the back of his neck. He didn’t turn around, and waited with his breath coming in shallow bursts as he rummaged around the cabinet.
Even after all they’d been through today, Sherlock hadn’t realized until now just how incomplete he’d felt without John by his side. Hadn’t realized that he had been walking the streets of Moscow with only half of his heart, the other half sitting in a cozy armchair in Baker Street, sipping tea in a silent flat and missing him too. Sherlock was suddenly so overcome by how essential John was to his entire being, to everything he was, and only now that they were together properly again did Sherlock feel whole, and home, and perfectly, wonderfully happy. The realization lodged itself painfully in Sherlock’s throat, stifling his breath, engulfing him.
Sherlock stared out of the tinted windows, his heart hammering in his chest. The enormity of what he was running towards hadn’t quite hit him yet, and that was probably for the best. Better to operate under semi-sound mind, before thoughts of John overwhelmed all his faculties entirely.
The cab turned along the familiar cobblestoned street. John couldn’t believe it had been just over a week since he’d been here last. Everything felt so different. Even the street looked different, with scattered starlight above and people bustling along it on either side, laughing out their Christmas cheer.
“Hey,” he was able to reply, hoping his voice didn’t sound too hoarse.
“You know I love Christmas, I always will. My mind’s made up, the way that I feel. There’s no beginning, there’ll be no end. ‘Cause on Christmas, you can depend!”
John let out a small sigh, shifting himself forward. “Sherlock?” he mumbled.
“Yes, sir,” Mia replied. She had a subdued sort of voice that matched her dark bangs and heavily shadowed eyes. They followed Lestrade out of the office, then turned towards John.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said in a soft voice.
“Hey, don’t spoil it.” John heard the note of plaintiveness in his voice even as he tried to keep things light.
Sherlock recognized the jab, but restrained himself from scowling. This was all part of it, he reminded himself.
John sighed. His hands twisted in his lap.
John was there, swinging his dark winter jacket over his shoulders.
Sherlock paused, his own dark red velvet suit jacket halfway up his shoulders.
Resignation had taken over everything else, filling him with a strange, empty calmness. If this was all he could do, he’d take it, and be grateful.
“And I can expect this all to be confirmed by Mycroft Holmes?” The DI raised an eyebrow, though he couldn’t quite keep the exasperation out of his voice. Clearly he was as eager as anyone to be leaving this all alone.
John, his amazing, beautiful, kind-hearted John, who would do anything for Sherlock, follow him everywhere he went, be there by his side however and whenever he needed him – and Sherlock was so overwhelmed by the undeniable devotion, the
6. “Just don’t go eating it all yourself, you’re getting bigger every day.”
Sherlock’s heart stopped.
David nodded, his posture stiffening a little.
John’s right hand was resting on his lap, underneath the table, safely out of view to anyone who looked into their conference room. Sherlock reached out his own hand and covered it, gently, threading his long fingers between John’s broader ones, settling himself into his warm, comforting grip, just where he belonged.
Dr. Moore’s face twisted into a smirk.
“Where did you find this?” he asked. The wool felt a little worn, but not stiff.
“Yeah,” John said, a bit mumbly, as he tried to move his neck. “
John shot a dirty look her way, but was already reaching to answer it.
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed noncommittally, setting the violin in its case on the table. “One of Elgar’s more understated works, perhaps, but quite obviously much the better for it.”
The bartender turned around – he was an older man, with his long hair tied back in a low ponytail.
He looked around – he had no idea where his phone had gone. There were dozens of sheets scattered about, books open here and there.
He can’t feel the crack in his voice or the tears dripping down onto John’s already-soaked skin, but he can feel the chill creeping up in his throat, ready to strangle him.
“You are,” John whispered back. He dragged his arms up to cross over Sherlock’s back, holding on tight.
, John realized. That almost undetectable difference in his stance, in the tension of his arms, that felt like Sherlock was holding himself just barely at a distance, even as his hands were strong against John’s back, even as his lips were quirked warmly upward, drawing John in.
, we don’t –”
“Mia’s very pretty,” he said, quietly.
He understood. John knew, without knowing
him and it felt like a cool breeze through stale air, like a soft blanket against bare skin, like a flickering fire pushing away the chilly darkness. It felt like coming home.
John swallowed heavily, suddenly unable to look away.
John blinked, temporarily stunned, trying to process this. “From what happened? Still?”
Sherlock untangled himself from John to check. John had never seen a tinier bathroom – there was barely any space to stand between the shower and the toilet.
John awoke a few days later in less pain than he’d been in all week, though surprised not to find Sherlock lying next to him in bed, or standing beside it, ready to begin their bandage-changing ritual. Even as he drifted into consciousness, a shadow of alarm crept into John’s heart which was already aching a bit at the lack of him, and he rolled over to find a scrap of paper on the end table with a scribbled
Sure enough, the unmistakeable clang of boots hitting metal trickled in from outside. Orlova, preoccupied with the safe, didn’t seem to hear it, but Sherlock understood in less than a second. Sokolov was coming, and quickly.
“You have me.” Sherlock’s breath was warm against John’s cheek, sweet with feeling. “I’m here, you’ll always have me.”
“Hey.” His voice was low and harsh with fatigue.
“Carol-Anne,” said Jeannie, not taking her eyes off John. “Come meet John. He’s from
be his. The intensity of knowing that again was like an electric shock to the heart.
Sherlock whirled around and they set off down the corridor together, out towards the car park.
John blinked. “Yes! Yes, um, romance, that’s – yeah, it is.”
“God, I’m so late,” he muttered.
“Mr. Holmes!” the DI called to him, weariness evident in his voice. “We just need final confirmation from you so we can attest to Dr. Watson’s account.”
reliant on it.” Sherlock’s eyes glinted with mirth, mischief. Affection. “Did you know that stars stay the same
Sherlock shook his head. “It wasn’t your fault.”
It had been four days since he'd been released from hospital, and though he hadn't expected to make a miraculous overnight recovery - getting near-fatally stabbed through vital abdominal organs rarely allowed for that - he was starting to tire of all the ways his body was struggling to pull itself back to health. If by some generous reprieve the wound itself wasn't throbbing, then it was a dull pounding in his temple, or nausea from the pain meds, or strange vertigo-like dizziness from his body misdirecting all his blood. Often it was all of the above, usually accompanied by plain exhaustion. John couldn't remember the last time he had slept so much - it was virtually all he could do in this state, and the bizarre disorientation that came with waking up at noon and falling asleep on the sofa an hour later, as he'd apparently done again today, wasn't making the experience any easier.
“Sherlock, can I say something?”
The audience applauded, and the choir began swaying even more enthusiastically, snapping their fingers in time. A girl stepped out from their ranks and up to the microphone for the first solo.
In an instant Sherlock is tearing off his coat and jacket and diving in headfirst.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed in surprise. He looked up at John who was shooting him a very exasperated “
be feeling in any other circumstance.
“Has she noticed you yet?”
They spent the next hour or so going over the details – where exactly they would be positioned, what weapons they would use, how they would anticipate Sokolov’s movements while still avoiding detection, and how they would intercept her before she could reach Orlova. There wasn’t much room for error – if anything went wrong they would risk losing Sokolov and endangering the lives of their officers – but Sherlock was confident in their ability to pull it off. John wasn’t so sure, though, and made several changes to the plan in order to ensure as much safety as possible without compromising their chances. Sherlock let him do it with little protest. He was usually right, after all.
“Yeah, love.” John was all but panting now. “It’s ama- oh
“Gorgeous,” John whispered reverently, and Sherlock groaned long and low in the back of his throat.  John’s hands came to rest at Sherlock’s hips, his thumbs pushing down the waistband of his pants to continue nuzzling his iliac crest. He planted a kiss at the base of it, and then moved downward, kissing at the inside of his thighs, nuzzling at the crease of his hip, paying attention to everywhere but his cock, prominently tenting the soft cotton of his pants.
He held John’s gaze as his cock pressed lightly against John’s entrance, making him gasp.  At John’s miniscule nod, he pushed in, just a little, and John exhaled a sharp burst of pleasure.
, they could right it, somehow. They could set it back to normal. They could give him back his darling.
“Probably, yes.” Sherlock’s hand was steady, gentle as he swiped the towel along John’s skin, lightly cleaning the area around the stitches. His other hand rested on John’s hip, holding him. “It’s her way of showing she cares.”
Sherlock froze just out of sight down the next corridor, his mind piecing it all together.
when he’d told him, however.
was a flashing line reading
The bright, brass number
“It’s the school Christmas concert, you see, Sherlock,” said Clara, from behind Tony’s shoulder.
“I need you,” John replied, suddenly quiet. He couldn’t bring himself to be embarrassed about the rawness in his voice, or the tiny tremor in his hands as he slipped Sherlock’s pants down his thighs, freeing his gorgeous, flushed cock.
as he held the high note, his light and lovely voice shining out from him and that expression of barely-contained excitement on his face.
John let the amusing thought cheer him up a bit as he pushed his way through the line cooks at their stoves and wound his way to the break area. Sherlock was sitting at a table by himself, scrolling through his phone, his white uniform unbuttoned slightly to expose the collar of a dark t-shirt.
From behind him, the bell on the door clinked again, and John felt dread rise up in his throat as he turned around and saw yet
“Yeah,” John murmured again, barely a breath this time. He tilted his chin up for another kiss, nipping sweetly at Sherlock’s bottom lip. “Just...slowly, okay?”
Lestrade’s face fell briefly before he could settle his expression back into neutral concern. Molly said nothing, but pursed her lips into a thin line, giving away her fear.
Outside, the metallic rattling of the fire escape could be heard. Sherlock knew it was John, but his heart sped up incrementally anyway, and his fingers instinctively closed around the handle of his pistol.
Just a simple kiss – chaste, close-lipped and fleeting – but a kiss all the same, and John closed his eyes and took it all in – the bare, ephemeral feeling of Sherlock’s lips, his fingers brushing John’s cheek.
John nodded, trying to look excited by this. “Good,” he said.
John was sure he was about to break down sobbing again, but it was only a couple more seconds before the doctor swung open the door behind them, and he was able to reign it in.
Everything after that had been a blur – a gunshot, a shattering of glass, a frantic attempt at escape scrambling over the rocks, and before he knew it a searing blow to the back of his skull, then darkness. Then the water, and the moon.
Mike laughed, and Sherlock joined in, even as he made a mental note to apologize to John for the angry email he was about to get from Sam Smith’s reps.
“I’m not hungry!” Sherlock shouted back, and kept right on playing.
scream at a guard for that, though,” said John, and Sherlock laughed.
Sherlock’s lips pressed together for a moment, and John tried not to stare at them, tried not to think.
It was still early in the evening on the 24th when the director called the wrap, but it was already dark outside, and a light rain was sprinkling the windows. John waited by the door for Sherlock, and they left together, nervously looking down at their feet as they made their way to the pub.
Sherlock felt panic seeping back into the centre of his chest; it swelled in volume, creeping up toward his throat, with every back-and-forth swing of the double doors where John had disappeared – where they had taken him away.
He blew on his tea once, and sipped it.
In an instant, he was crouching down so that he was eye level with Sherlock, his hands grasping his shoulders.
They were silent in the cab back to Baker Street – whatever had lingered between them earlier was gone now, disappeared with the fleeting, unseized moment. Sherlock supposed he should be grateful that they really
Sherlock forced himself to take a deep calming breath. Ten minutes, he had said. Ten minutes, and then it would be safe for John to come. It hadn’t even been ten minutes yet. There was no need to be so anxious. Even so, John might decide to err on the side of caution, and wait even longer.
John felt Sherlock’s pulse quicken slightly underneath his lips, underneath their joined hands over Sherlock’s heart. He was already half-hard against Sherlock’s thigh, and sighed a bit when he pulled Sherlock toward him with the arm snaked around his waist.
John, however, felt like his chest was caving in.
“Okay,” he said, finally. He leaned in to give her a quick kiss on the forehead. “Get some rest.”
I’ll marry you, of course…” and his voice was breaking, and John could taste his certainty in every swipe of his tongue, every gleeful
But before John could answer, a young woman appeared at Sherlock’s elbow.
John’s rapid breath hitched, and he swallowed, nodding quickly. He stroked once more over Sherlock’s prostate – Sherlock gasped out a silent cry – and drew his fingers out, grabbing the lube again and slicking himself liberally. He positioned himself deliberately between Sherlock’s legs, trailing one hand gently up and down Sherlock’s side, using the other to line himself up at Sherlock’s entrance.
With a soft, lingering press of lips, Sherlock drew back from the kiss and moved to John’s side, pulling him around so that they were facing each other.
He looked the man up and down, took in his entire gorgeous form, then slowly extended his hand.
“Bonjour, Monsieur Watson,” she replied, brightly. “Welcome back. And this year, you’ve brought a lady along with you?”
And before Sherlock knew what was happening, John had pulled him in by two gentle hands on his face, and was kissing him.
“Oh, a valiant explorer. I like that.” A slight breeze gusted past them down the road, and John pressed a bit closer to Sherlock. “Up on deck with my spyglass, looking for undiscovered countries…”
. She wasn’t making a big secret out of that. But she hasn’t spoken to me since the Christmas party, when I told her to back off.”
Well, at least she was reading
He’d just come to a stunning realization.
“Raise the lamp a bit!”
Not that there was much luck on that front, even outside of work. John had been wildly off his game lately. He couldn’t figure out what was the matter with him. Did slumps like this happen to other blokes?
“Ah, you’re awake,” said Sherlock, who had since sat down on the sofa with a book of his own – some new study on forensics that he’d been going through, and occasionally correcting. He snapped it shut with a look at John, though, and stood up.
John looked up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, questioning, and Sherlock nodded once, his breath shuddering in anticipation. John leaned forward, hovering over him with shaking arms, and pushed inward with one slow but continuous movement. They cried out in unison, Sherlock’s hands clawing at John’s neck, and John pushed forward until he was seated up to the hilt, wrapping an arm underneath Sherlock’s shoulders and swallowing his cries with a deep, passionate kiss.
“I’m serious, John.”
He thought of John again, laughing in the school hallway with that breathtaking, careless joy, and a different sort of longing filled his chest – a bright ray of hope that could chase away all the darkness, if he’d let it.
From beside him, a great wheezing cough wracked Sherlock’s sleeping frame. Then another, and another, until his body was trembling and shaking with the awful hacking sounds whose only mercy was to let him sleep on through them.
“Sherlock?” Sudden alarm sprang up in John’s voice, and he clutched Sherlock’s hand firmly.
.” John barked at him.
Ripples. Moonlight. The well.
John’s heart sank with disappointment. He picked it off the plate for himself.
He dove back in, kissing Sherlock hard and fast, and then started down his body, kissing the cleft of his chin, the mole on his neck, that place in the hollow of his collarbone that made Sherlock’s entire body shiver.
The thought of food made John's stomach churn away his laughter. "No, not at all," he said, grimacing, knowing his non-existent appetite would only be worsened in a couple hours by the nausea. Sherlock nodded.
He stood, rooted to the stage and staring without seeing, until the teachers had made their announcements and the choir began filing off in straight lines. Sherlock followed them, not really sure where he was going or what anyone was saying, but somehow he found his violin case among the mass of people and then was pushing his way out, out toward the school corridors and away from all this.
Dad swivelled around in his chair. He hadn’t even dressed for bed yet; he was wearing an old beige cardigan, and his glasses were perched on his nose, the chain attached to them running along his collar.
“Oh, don’t believe everything you hear from her,” John chuckled.
“…and you’re
John was now standing in front of him and was looking confused at Sherlock’s sudden stillness. Sherlock sighed quietly and turned back to him, trying to convey his resignation and apology without words. John arched an eyebrow, still unsure, and Sherlock nodded fractionally toward the officers working quietly around them.
ever have a problem keeping someone around.”
“Morning,” John smiled up at him, his voice still raspy from sleep. Sherlock was looking positively angelic, surrounded by sunshine leaking in from the sitting room which brought out the lighter undertones in his curls.
“Hello,” Sherlock said, in the voice he’d perfected by now. “Does John live here?”
He became shorter with the students, less and less interested in their end-of-term excitement. Even the teachers seemed to know to stay out of his way. But rather than give him any kind of peace, it just made a lonely sort of silence settle on him, wherever he went in the school. He wondered, vaguely, whether he’d have anyone to talk to at all once the break was over.
“No,” Sherlock replied, trying to suppress a grin in spite of himself as he straightened up. “No, I realized that…that Christmas is the time,” he swallowed, hard, “to be with the people you love.”
“Right,” he said, out of the corner of his mouth. “So…maybe not quite as secret as we’d hoped.”
Sherlock nodded, hoping his gratitude was evident across his face, and she squeezed his shoulder once more before moving off to let him follow the doctor.
.” Sherlock’s lips were suddenly close to his ear, crooning softly. He kissed at John’s lobe, then nipped at the skin below it with just a hint of teeth, and John moaned again, in earnest now.
“You can leave it till tomorrow, love, it’s fine,” John called to him from the sofa. The sun had long since gone down, and Sherlock had just jumped up from where they’d been comfortably snuggled watching the evening news.
He hurried from the Baker Street station up the street, and let himself through the front door to Sherlock’s flat. He bounded up the stairs, beaming, and knocked twice on the door to the sitting room to announce his presence before pushing it open.
“Oh, thank you,” Magnussen replied exuberantly. “We love that thing, let me tell you.”
“Whatever we do,” John said, in a deliberate tone. “We’re going to do it together.”
,” John said quickly, raising his hands. “We could just, maybe, go see something Christmassy, or – something…”
“You mean that?” John asked. It still felt too unreal, too unbearably perfect, even though he could
“I know – I’ll name one of the characters after you,” John said, warmly.
But if there was someone like that out there for John, too, they’d probably want nothing to do with him as he was now. Who in their right mind would be looking for a mess like him, blindly stumbling through stepfatherhood and with all the baggage of being freshly widowed from a woman he hadn’t loved enough?
Sherlock let out another ragged gasp, pursing his lips against it.
“John,” was Sherlock’s breathless reply. “
shrinking.”
John’s voice was clear and bright, filled with joy and adrenaline.
John’s eyes were glinting up at Sherlock, the shadow of a smirk pulling at his lips.
“I bloody well have,” John said, and he turned just enough to flash Sherlock a winning grin. “Every last detail, down to my bag packed entirely full of condoms.”
Sherlock’s bow
They went inside, sopping wet, and John found them towels and fresh clothes. He gave Sherlock his white cable-knit jumper, and the sleeves were a bit too short for his long arms but it only made him look softer and more endearing. He had to tear his gaze away quickly, and went into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
“Well, I suppose you’ve figured out the tricks of the trade.” Sherlock tried to shake it off. “I’m very jealous of your plane, by the way.”
He waited maybe five minutes, watching out through the dim window, before he saw him running back. Sherlock scooted over the seat to the window, and rolled it down.
“Got them,” Sherlock said, holding up the gloves, and trying his absolute best not to betray what he’d just seen in his expression. “Now, what are we getting for Harry?”
Sherlock’s rumbling chuckle flowed through John’s body, warm and husky and smooth. He bent down and pressed a kiss to the area.
It got harder and harder to distract himself the longer they drove, and John was relieved when they dropped Lestrade off at his shabby Chiswick flat (a bit of a downgrade after the divorce). At least then he could stop overcompensating for Lestrade’s sake, and let things just settle back into how they were.
John lingered behind a second, probably to give the DI a bemused apology, and followed close behind. Sherlock lifted up the crime scene tape for John to step underneath.
He can still hear him.
Sherlock sighed, pushing the images away. No good to think about that now. He was gone. He’d be Sherlock’s shining moment in an overcast career, the one true thing he could remember when the bills stopped passing and the polls turned against him – because they would. They always did.
“Yes, he gave us a bit of a scare there for a bit,” the doctor grinned, chipper in spite of her obvious weariness. “It was a bit touch-and-go for a while, we weren’t sure…but he came through magnificently. He wasn’t going anywhere, and did he ever let us know.”
John pressed his face into his hand, sobbing out into the empty room, tears flowing freely down his cheeks and landing on the sleeves of Sherlock’s dressing gown.
Sherlock stepped in front of his podium, next to the large Union Jack positioned beside it, and gestured graciously for Magnussen to join him at the one beside him.
“Yes, years ago.” Mrs. Hudson tore off the top of a sugar packet. “She does alright now, with her pills and exercises and everything. Still, when it’s your sibling, you can’t help but worry.”
“You make me so happy.” John could hear the sleep creeping into his voice. He hoped he wasn’t mumbling too much – he needed Sherlock to know.
“S’alright,” Lestrade replied, though his expression was suddenly guilty. “Maybe we should talk about something else.”
For a few seconds, there was silence – broken only by distant footsteps echoing in the narrow space. Then it was shattered by the loud
John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands and drew him up again, thumbs swiping over the hard lines of his cheekbones as he kissed him, less hurriedly than before. He shrugged himself the rest of the way out of his shirt and let it fall to the floor, all of his beautiful upper body now bared to Sherlock’s greedy eyes. Sherlock ran his hands down over his muscled arms, up his taut stomach, lingering over his peaked nipples, needing to touch him everywhere, needing to feel the entirety of John’s body underneath his hands.
, fair enough.” Sherlock was clearly fighting to keep his voice even. “Just give us
“The flat’s so quiet when you’re not there.” John was nosing back up now, whispering in Sherlock’s ear. “I kept expecting you to be there when I woke up, or when I came home, and you never were. It felt so
and Sherlock was staring at him silently now, his brow pinched in desperation, and he
Sherlock exhaled a ragged breath, and his mouth pressed into a wavering line. A hand came up to cradle John’s face; John felt his wedding ring pressing lightly into his cheek.
Sherlock waited, his heart racing. A couple more seconds, just a couple more, and
And then someone was stopping him with a firm grip on his upper arm.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, taking John’s coat to hang it. “Another good reason for our Dartmoor rule, I suppose.”
“But that’s what’s brilliant about it, isn’t it?” John was much calmer, though there was a fierceness in his face that none but Sherlock would ever catch onto. “They’ve no idea how to respond to that – no one’s ever said it to them before.”
John hesitated, then sighed low in his chest, nodding. Mrs. Hudson took all of two seconds to regain the thread of what she’d been saying earlier, and John half-listened as he watched her puttering around, straightening up perfectly aligned books and smoothing away non-existent dust, while he sat and sipped quietly at his steadily cooling tea and pictured Sherlock’s pained concern in his mind’s eye, unable to think of a single thing he could do to help him.
, he chastised himself again.
John’s face broke into beautiful, earnest laugh, and all the tension vanished from the office in an instant. Sherlock exhaled a deep breath, feeling like a large weight had just lifted off him.
When he made it back to the waiting area, Sherlock was surprised to see that Mycroft’s familiar figure had appeared and was sitting next to Mrs. Hudson. The four of them were leaned in close and talking in hushed tones, but pulled back swiftly as soon as they saw Sherlock, rearranging their features into unconvincing smiles.
“You don’t know that,” John said firmly. He leaned forward to force Sherlock to turn towards him, and Sherlock obeyed. “I told you; it’s a feel-good song, it’s nostalgic, and people love that kind of stuff during Christmas. I won’t say it’s not a long shot –” Sherlock gave a little scoff, “–but it’s
And John hadn’t realized, until that breath, how
Sherlock’s chest was broad and strong. His arms and shoulders were pleasantly muscled. He was more solid than John had imagined him being, more broad planes and hard lines, but somehow softer, too. There was a gentleness to his movements, to his breath and the warm feeling of his palm against John’s, that no amount of imagining could have prepared him for.
“Yes, you would.” John was grinning stupidly, foiling his attempt at sternness. “And you’re doing it right now.”
“No…” He shook his head, panicked. “John,
“I’d advise you to avoid the spring rolls, though,” Sherlock said. His curls were looking particularly beautiful tonight, falling around his face like a halo. His suit was sleek and flattering, and John ducked his head to hide the way his cheeks were flushing.
“I thought I’d lost you.”
John, Sherlock was sure, had had lofty hopes of resurrecting Sherlock’s career from the flaming mess he’d driven it to, when he’d signed on to be his manager five years ago. But it was a foolish effort – gone were Sherlock’s days of dynamic, exciting tunes and lavish tours, and there just wasn’t much to be sold in what was left. It was pathetic, really, sitting here with his grey-streaked hair and creaky joints and his bright shirt that might have been fashionable back in his heyday, hoping at long last for that elusive comeback. But still, John had lasted longer than any other manager Sherlock had ever had, and part of him, Sherlock knew, still believed in him. Sherlock was grateful for that.
Laughing, Sherlock leaned down to press a kiss to the back of John’s hand. “Good”.
“So –” Sherlock didn’t seem to be able to get words out, swallowing and stammering every time he opened his mouth. “What – what does that mean for me?”
“Me? Having you on?” Sherlock’s eyebrows raised, his voice filled with false indignation. “About something as important as this?”
“Thanks, I’ll make a note,” he said, trying to smile. He popped one of the crackers into his mouth to put off saying anything else.
“And, how long have you been in love with Sherlock, our enigmatic chief designer?”
He was focusing quite intently on folding his trousers, but out of the corner of his eye he could see John glance up at him.
“But I couldn’t find any trace of it, so…”
and it was
“Ah, Mr. Holmes,” the secretary said as soon as Sherlock came up to the desk. She was wearing a disconcertingly pleasant smile.
we had to come,” Molly echoed. She looked almost amused at Sherlock’s statement. She got up off her knees and sat down on the coffee table in front of the chairs, folding her arms against her chest.
Mycroft’s meaningful stare even as he purposefully avoided meeting it.
John’s eyes snapped back to meet Sherlock’s, finding them full of a strange inviting determination – the kind John only saw on him when he was faced with a particularly intriguing case.
Sherlock shook his head quickly. “Don’t worry about that.”
“Oh, love…”
“I love you,” he breathed, so low he could barely hear it himself.
“Gotcha,” the voice came again, and John’s stomach flipped at the knowing tone in it. “Whenever you’re ready.”
He turned it on and held it up at chest height, so that it could record without obstructing his view. The recording was for later: his own, uninterrupted gaze was for right now. He focused both on John, standing at the centre of the altar with that look of subdued love in his eyes.
“But, despite that…” Sherlock gave John a little smile as his skin tingled under his tender caress. “We
He tossed around in his covers for a while longer, then gave up. He got up and pulled his dressing gown over his pajamas. Dad would still be awake.
John looked back at her. She’d turned her face away from him, staring into nothing.
No, no, this was all wrong. What was he
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “I beg your pardon?”
much. Could it?
getting to work alongside a very handsome co-stand-in.
“Wow,” John breathed. It was almost lifelike, the way the tiny snowflakes seemed to flutter around the buildings and into the waves. He swiped right on the screen; the next one was a massive Christmas tree, with lights of all colours shining from every branch. The next, a whimsical cartoonish piece featuring Father Christmas and his reindeer. Then a dark outline of a couple kissing on a snowy hilltop, with stars twinkling all around them.
Sherlock heard him, but it was if at a great distance. He was still looking at John, into those bright laughing eyes.
John blinked. There was something desperate and vulnerable in his face now.
“Really?” He asked; his voice was quieter than he’d planned. “It was that bad?”
“Yeah, I’m great,” he said. There was a mischievous glint in his eye. “Want some heroin?”
John sighed again, and shifted so he was more upright, wincing as he did so.
“Oh, good,” John gasped out, and he was across the room before Sherlock could even start to move toward him, wrapping his arms around him before Sherlock’s could find their rightful place across his shoulders, and kissing him, and kissing him, and kissing him some more.
Sherlock burst into laughter again, and John’s eyes glinted.
Something like a laugh was pulled out of Sherlock’s throat, his face twisting into a smile in spite of himself. John thrilled at the sight, and he smoothed his hand down Sherlock’s back, holding him firmly.
Sherlock could
“What position is that?” John asked over his shoulder. He was rolling it in slow circles, stretching it out.
“I know…you weren’t so keen on me getting married. And,” he paused. He looked like he was searching for something in Sherlock’s face. “I don’t know whether it was because you never warmed up to Mary, or because you thought I was – abandoning you, or something – no, don’t – don’t argue…”
Dad stood up straight when he saw him, looking expectant, but Sherlock just grinned back at him. He extended his index finger out, pointing towards the sky.
oh, love –” John choked out. His mind was flooded with sensation, his ability to form coherent sentences diminishing by the second.
“Love is all around me.”
“I’m so sorry,” he murmured. “I never meant…oh, Sherlock…”
He was nothing short of a miracle, and John heard his breathless, wondering laugh-sob echoed back from Sherlock’s lips before he felt it escape his own.
,” John let out, breathless. “It was a gift for Harry, from Diane.” John took another cautious step towards Sherlock. “She asked me to pick it up and hold onto it for her, so Harry couldn’t go snooping around again and find it.”
John let him go, then grabbed the remote from the table and paused the film.
She turned to him, just enough to see that she was on the phone. She shook her head, looking annoyed.
“Thank you,” he said to him, once he’d returned to the sitting room. He handed Sherlock one of the mugs, and sat down in the chair opposite. “Thank you so much.”
John’s heart swelled up – the burst of affection was so powerful and so sudden it knocked him off balance. He managed to nod his head a little, and still his hips, and just try to feel every little touch of Sherlock’s perfect fingers.
He gave Sherlock a little nod, then drew back, turning to leave.
“Well.” He gestured Magnussen into the boardroom. “Shall we?”
“There,” John said, as he spotted a sign on the side of the road. “There’s a guesthouse in this one.”
It was the first time Sherlock had seen him not wearing a suit – he had on jeans, a light plaid button-down, and a maroon cardigan. And he had never looked more beautiful.
The painless comfort of that afternoon didn’t last, as John knew it wouldn’t, but it was still no less frustrating to be awakened as result of full-body soreness warring with full-body exhaustion, with the pain eventually winning out. It happened so often this past week and a half that John was almost used to it, but it hadn’t yet become much easier.
– oh, John…”
Carol-Anne’s face fell in displeasure.
“Yeah. Had to rush right out this morning, didn’t even have time to get coffee.”
He made it exactly five steps away from the front door, before he paused, turned around and took two steps back toward it – then stopped again, strode away, then back, then finally, staring at the brass knocker underneath the gleaming
John bit his tongue, deciding to ignore that.
John sat on the closed toilet seat and dutifully lifted his arms, wincing only slightly as he allowed Sherlock to pull his t-shirt over his head.
The backups echoed him – a droning
“Look, Sherlock, John’s a fighter, alright?” Lestrade pulled the conversation back to safer ground. “You know him – tough as nails, your John Watson.” His attempt at a reassuring smile grated harshly through his words. “No thug with a knife is gonna be able to take him down if he has anything to say about it.”
Sherlock felt as though all the lights had fallen from the rafters and crashed down on all their heads. Distantly, he heard the drummer play out a loud riff, and the choir belt out their last note.
“Hey, I usually was too.” John ran his hands slowly up and down Sherlock’s back. He was still tense.
Sherlock let his gaze roam over the room some more. This artwork really was terrible, he thought. He’d just noticed one of the naked men was wearing a Santa hat, and he couldn’t tell whether it was a party decoration or actually part of the picture. He looked down towards the dance floor next, crammed with young people rotating their hips while phenomenally off-rhythm; none of the older officers or married couples liked to dance at these things. On the other side of the room and eyeing the crowd in distaste, Sherlock spotted Donovan, who looked like she’d rather be anywhere else.
Somehow, though, it just made him think of how far away the nearest person – anyone at all – was from him.
“I can give you anything you ask for,” came Magnussen’s voice behind him. Sherlock turned around, his hand on the doorknob.
Sherlock rocked forward, and John raised his head up, but he was still rather flustered, and his forehead collided with Sherlock’s chest.
, John really wanted to kiss him. But, what if…
“Those need to go straight to Defense,” Sherlock gestured to the folder Mycroft was holding. “And can you find John for me?”
“Or, I could give you five percent of the profits,” he suggested, shrugging.
“She said I wasn’t smart enough for her.”
John made a sound into Sherlock’s shoulder that was halfway between a laugh and a sob
“Burning the midnight oil again?” he said in John’s direction, and John’s heart gave a sudden lurch of surprise.
“I’m glad you’re here.” Sherlock’s voice was so low it was almost a whisper.
“I’m sorry your wife couldn’t make it,” Sherlock said, grateful for the quiet at last.
He felt more than he heard Sherlock’s quiet intake of breath. Sherlock swallowed heavily, tilting his head back the tiniest bit, seemingly involuntarily.
“Might get a shag at last, then?” John gasped, as Sherlock fumbled for the buttons of his shirt.
He sighed happily. Sherlock was moving back down to his shoulders, gentling his ministrations.
He dug in his pocket for his mobile phone, and pressed the usual number.
Each of them nodded as he introduced them, looking dazed and unsure.
Sherlock nodded and flattened himself against the wall to let him pass.
Suddenly, Sherlock turned to him, and spoke in a shockingly low and smooth voice.
“These are
“You.”
“The move again, please, boys!”
“It’s like being back at uni.”
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking back at him.
worse.
“And wave,” he whispered to John.
“– and then you came in and I wasn’t sure what you thought you’d seen, and
he sobbed into his shoulder.
Sherlock allowed himself a few more precious seconds of staring at him – at his beautiful,
, read the cover in sweeping white letters.
“What are we looking at here, then?” John had already sat down, his jacket folded over the back of the chair, when Sherlock closed the glass door behind them. He bent over the table again, rummaged a bit through the stack of papers.
Sherlock fought back the urge to snap at each of them –
“Father is about to sell Sherlock to this Englishman,” Mycroft said to a large group sitting at the table outside a café, and the entire throng of them stood up to fall in step beside them.
Mr. Holmes looked sympathetically at John, then turned back to Mycroft.
“No, he doesn’t,” the girl in front said. She was wearing a plastic silver tiara.
Slowly, as silently as he could, Sherlock pulled the window open. Still hearing nothing from within, he chanced to peek through the curtains.
Sherlock shook his head minutely, his gaze darting back and forth between both of them. “What are you doing here?” he asked again.
“I was in rehab, once,” he said.
But he saw John’s smile before two of the guards grabbed him by the shoulders and marched him around. It was unlike anything Sherlock had ever seen before – it lit up his whole face, it made his eyes bluer and his hair more golden.
of it was almost enough.”
A few minutes passed, and the lights lowered. It was starting.
John, after all, seemed to think she looked beautiful. He was gazing at her a sort of stunned look; his mouth was twitched up at the corners, just a little, like he was reigning in his happiness. Sherlock was grateful for it. John’s brow was knitted with emotion, and Sherlock would have bet anything that his own face was wearing a similar expression as he stared at him. No one noticed, since everyone’s focus was glued to the bride, but he imagined he was giving himself away rather obviously at that moment.
John nodded curtly in the dark and leaned back so he could peer around the leg of the chair and out towards the window.
The chair beside Sherlock creaked slightly and someone settled down into it.
“God, you’re so beautiful like this.” John had pulled back to look at him more fully, his eyes so bright and tender it was unfathomable. He pushed his hand back to thread through Sherlock’s curls and draw their lips together, meeting in the absolute lightest of brushes. “So impossibly beautiful.”
He hit the end button, then held the phone like a stone in both hands.
It was more than reassurance; it was a promise, and it coursed like sunlight through Sherlock’s veins. “I know,
He turned around, there was John smiling up at him; face tired but bright, and with his eyes glinting in that familiar, beautiful way –
“There’s already a link here,” he was saying, breathlessly. “At least three of the emails from Home Office were from people who had hired lawyers out of this firm when Curtis was there. They would have met, probably several times, even if he hadn’t been hired by them directly they might have consulted with him – John?”
if you’re Prime Minister!” she shot back.
“Alright, sure,” he said, sardonically. Sherlock heard him shift a bit, then throw one side of the covers back. “Come to bed, you big idiot.”
John paused, blinking, in the middle of greeting one of Harry’s co-workers.
“What do you think?” he asked, almost vibrating with eagerness now.
Come follow me on
He replied to a few texts while he waited for Sherlock; he could hear the steady rhythm of the water, and heard him sigh a couple times as he relaxed into it, washing away the irritations of the day. Normally, a night after a long case was one of John’s favorite times – either with a lovely late-night dinner, or adrenaline-fueled post-case sex at Baker Street. This case today had been far too frustrating for either of those things, though, and Sherlock had been running around in the spiral of his own mind for hours. John supposed it was fitting that all they had to come down from that with was an old guest house in the middle of nowhere.
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He giggled.
No, let me get it.” Sherlock held out a hand, desperate for her to
Sherlock nearly gasped out loud – his heart was thudding in his chest, hopeful but not quite believing it – but there he was, standing right over the pocket watch display, sandwiched between the cufflinks and the women’s necklaces, and stuffing the package into his inside coat pocket as quickly as he could.
Dad smiled at him in a conspiratorial sort of way.
John shuffled in closer, too, and kissed him on the cheek. It must have still been cold in the room, but John immediately forgot about it. Sherlock was quickly warming up against him, in the tiny cocoon of sheets tucked around them. There was something so wonderful about that, the feeling of a shelter against the elements – safe and out of reach of the howling wind outside.
He knew it probably wasn’t entirely correct, but he hoped desperately that it was good enough. It was absolutely
The book was almost entirely finished. John hadn’t even realized how much he’d been churning out over the past weeks until this morning, when he’d stared straight at what was looking to be the story’s conclusion, and a stack of pages several hundred thick beside the typewriter. But he couldn’t be finished, surely. Because if he was – there would be no reason to stay.
“Not quite,” Sherlock murmured sweetly over John’s lips, dipping in for a quick kiss, two, three, as he kept working John open. “Slowly, remember?”
“Thank you,” John said, just a whisper now; he kissed him again, longer this time, and deeper, and he was smiling into it. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back.
“Your sister had a heart episode?” Lestrade asked, clearly grateful for a new subject of conversation. He reached for two of the coffees and handed one to Molly.
“Do you want a proper massage?” Sherlock asked.
A wave of profound disgruntlement washed over everyone at this speech. Some people shifted their eyes away uncomfortably, some others grumbled a little and turned back to their papers. Even the most sympathetic-looking ones seemed anxious to voice their support.
It was only in the morning, when the sunlight trickled through the faded curtains and made John wince with a familiar headache, that a pit of dread began to swell somewhere deep in his chest.
Lestrade nodded. “Yeah. Maybe try her again in the morning, once you have something to tell.”
John was staring down at his hands now. He seemed to have thought he’d said too much, too quickly, or maybe he was just waiting nervously for Sherlock to reply, and was afraid of what he might say…
He felt elation bubbling up in his chest, and he bit back the grin that was trying to creep across his face, reigning it into something more sensible. He was sure that the small smile he sent back at Sherlock didn’t fool him, but he didn’t care. There was a thrill of excitement running through him that he’d never felt before.
The gates parted, and the motorcade sailed smoothly through them. Outside, a small but boisterous crowd had amassed on the opposite side of the street, held out of the way by a dozen or so guards, and cameras and microphones were jostling for position, flashing through the tinted windows, searching for their first glimpse.
“What do you think?” he asked.
“John, I’ve got it!” He shouted as he burst through the door of Baker Street that evening. He pulled off his coat and shook the moisture from it – the roads were still running with melted snow – and bounded up the stairs to the sitting room, where he tore open the first file and began pinning sheets to the Crime Wall, which was growing rather rapidly over the sofa.
“Oh, you know, just being ridiculous,” John quipped. He stepped into the room and shook the rain out of his hair. “Can I stay here tonight?”
, and he was
“Marsehla…” he trailed off a bit. He seemed a bit distracted. “É pequeno demais, às vezes.” His arms were folded, his fingers tapping out an agitated rhythm against his forearm. “Às vezes eu só preciso sentir que o mundo é maior. Como aqui.”
“Oh,” John said, suddenly feeling numb from the distance between them. “Thank you.”
They’d staggered up the stairs, more than half leaning on each other, and Sherlock’s head was thrown back, laughing. John was rapt – he’d never seen Sherlock drink like this before, and he was finally relaxed, his cheeks more than a little flushed, the long length of his neck bared before John’s hungry eyes.
“What is this we’re listening to?” John asked. His head was no longer bent over his book, but looking curiously towards the stereo.
And suddenly it crashed into Sherlock like a thunderbolt.
“Fair enough,” he said back.
Both girl’s mouths opened into a surprised
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, and John slotted into the shape of his body, his head on Sherlock’s chest. It was pure comfort, all soft warmth and familiar sweetness. He was made to fit here, with Sherlock holding him close.
Time seemed to have stopped. John’s blood was roaring in his ears in the silence. Beside him, he swore he could hear Sherlock blinking.
“To continue your emotional education,” John said with a smile in his voice.
slowly, actually.
The shot of John, and only John, with his head over Mary’s shoulder as they swayed in a slow circle. The camera followed his movements, blocking Mary out of the shot, and focusing in on John’s closed eyes, the gentle smile on his mouth.
John's entire body was alight, and he thrust up into Sherlock, slotted into him, pressed up against as much of him as he could. He sped up his strokes, and they were both crying out, gasping, panting, until John gave an expert flick of his wrist on the upstroke and they were spilling out over each other, coating John’s hand, the heat overwhelming them and scorching out of them in a brilliant flame. John saw stars, his nerves sparking with pleasure, and Sherlock kept thrusting against him as he rode it out, hot and wet and gorgeous, relishing every moment.
John sighed gratefully. He pushed himself up to sitting with some effort, letting Sherlock guide him. He took the pills and swallowed them down with the glass of water Sherlock offered him, washing the dryness from his throat.
“Hello.”
John’s grin broadened against Sherlock’s skin. “No, but I haven’t tried standing yet.”
, everywhere, on all sides, where Sherlock never thought he could be, never thought John would be pressing himself into him like this, loving him too…
“There we go – oof.” John tangled his weary limbs around him. Sherlock’s skin was warm from the shower, his hair still damp.
“Yeah,” replied Sherlock, half-heartedly.
It was coming from underneath the Oxford dictionary that lay spine up on the corner. John lunged for it, but Sherlock beat him to it. Their hands collided, and Sherlock’s long fingers pulled the book away, grabbed the phone, and placed it into John’s hand.
“Come sit with me,” Sherlock said gently, pulling John by the hands and into the sitting room. John followed, obediently. He always did.
“Oh –” David looked a bit startled at John’s sudden appearance. “I just came by to borrow some CDs.”
John sat immobile in his chair, his eyes staring up at Sherlock, wide with shock.
Sherlock could see John’s eyes beginning to shine.
He pursed his lips in a hard line, trying to force it all back, but it was too late – he was already trembling with it.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock muttered, and John could feel him drifting off into a deep sleep seconds before it carried him off, too. Outside, the wind hummed, blowing out through the town and away over the hills – leaving them be, here in their sanctuary.
Still, he pushed past the sensation – filing it away for later when he could kiss that look right off of John’s face – and pointed to Orlova’s building on the centre of the map. “This is where you come in.”
The second it clicked shut, John erupted – rough, painful sobs, clawing up out of his throat and hurling themselves out of his trembling lips, his entire body shuddering violently, unable to hold back anymore.
Sherlock leaned back into him just a bit as he dragged his bow across the last refrain. John closed his eyes against his shoulder, smiling a little, feeling the soft, beautiful notes echo through the space around them. Comforting them.
“…but you’re not going to be any help to her, if it’s making
The car slowed, then stopped. Someone outside hurried around to open the door for him. Sherlock stepped out.
“Oh – Sherlock,” the man replied. He had a beautiful, baritone voice, smooth as velvet. He extended his hand to John. “Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock turned to Magnussen.
“Christmas is all around me–”
His eyes widened with surprise – Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a pang at the way it brightened up his entire face – and he opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock quickly put a finger to his own lips, signalling for quiet.
He faltered, John’s gaze was locked on his, and there was no air left in Sherlock’s lungs.
The kids were all dancing, ignoring the pace and the lyrics.
He turned away again, and took longer than was strictly necessary to place his clothes in the laundry.
“How do you feel?” came Sherlock’s murmur as his arms closed around John’s shoulders.
His voice broke on the last letter; underneath the doctor’s arm flung solid across his chest, Sherlock sucked air into his lungs with the desperation of a drowning man.
“Get off!” Sherlock struggled out of the doctor’s grasp, causing his hand to slip out of John’s.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes, fondly. “Oh dear, it’s the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the other line.”
John’s heart dropped like a stone out of his chest and onto the floor.
He bent to pick up his cards and the CD player, gave John a small nod as he straightened up, then turned away from the door.
Sherlock was laying against John’s chest, their legs stretched out on the sofa and facing the window to watch the snow come down. Sherlock had a blanket tugged up to his waist and a cup of tea cooling in his hands. John had a well-worn book propped open between the cushion and Sherlock’s shoulder, and he was occasionally reading out his favorite lines from it. Sherlock was sort of listening, but mostly just enjoying the feeling of John’s voice rumbling through his chest and into Sherlock’s ears. It was so soothing Sherlock could have fallen asleep if he hadn’t been feeling so peacefully happy.
Sherlock tried to reply, but he had already let it wash over him, and he slipped back into sleep with warmth at the centre of his heart.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock replied, still smirking. “I suppose, either I could behave like a real rock-and-roll loser, and get drunk alone with my manager…”
Sherlock pushed open the door, realizing too late that he’d left a bloody handprint on the wood. He went to the sink without looking at himself in the mirror and fumbled with the taps. Only the cold water seemed to work, and it numbed Sherlock’s fingers into ice as it washed over them and collected as a deep red lake at the bottom of the basin.
He passed Sherlock and closed the door behind him, leaving Sherlock alone in the office.
time,” Sherlock clarified. “We’ll have plenty of time for that later, of course, but…” he scanned the room, looking more firmly into the most affronted faces, “if
There was an unexpected problem.
Sherlock turned to him, and this time he actually could feel a wary half-smile creep up onto his face. John was trying, unsuccessfully, to smooth over his startled expression.
“Um…” he began, then swallowed, and went on, nervously. “I’m…starting to feel a little uncomfortable about us working in such close proximity every day, and – me knowing so little about you.”
“What kind of bar?”
“John,
“She’s the one, John.” Sam said.
“…I hope we’ll meet again, Sherlock,” he finished, finally.
He wasn’t quite sure
And anyway, he
John's fingers moved over the keyboard, slowly. Sherlock was out on the porch, clipping low-hanging branches from the nearest trees.
Sherlock’s heart stilled in his chest.
“Hey.” His hand felt the jumper, and his eyes blinked open, groggily. “You cold?”
Sherlock’s hands fidgeted a little by his side as he took a tentative step towards John. John gave a curt nod and stepped inward, too. With awkward, unsure movements, they slotted into each other’s space, and Sherlock curled his fingers around John’s right hand.
He watched Sherlock’s strong, nimble fingers as they applied the new bandage, smooth it over gently, making sure it covered everything and stayed in place. When he was done, he leaned in and pressed gentle kiss to the skin right above it, like he always did, and if anything could have taken away John’s pain in that moment, that was it.
Mike’s mouth fell open. “Wow.”
John giggled above him, that bright, musical sound that rang out through the small room and filled every corner of Sherlock’s heart. No other sound in the world could feel so complete, so perfect; Sherlock was sure of it.
“Is this the same Curtis who’s been in a coma for the past three weeks?”
Sherlock carried on. He worked John’s shoulders, down to his upper arms, then back up to his neck, where he dug his fingers in hard. John groaned a little – the pressure ached a bit at first, but it was followed by sweet release, and then lightness. They moved up to rub at the nape of his neck, at the top of his spine; and every so often, he leaned in again, and pressed a soft kiss to John’s scalp, and John felt love spread out from it, all down his body.
“We don’t have to, I’m not really tired yet,” John said, though his words were undermined by his face splitting into a wide yawn at that exact moment. He scowled, knowing Sherlock had heard.
On screen, the camera was zooming in on John’s eyes. He was looking straight ahead, not seeing the camera, but they glinted with muted sunlight anyway.
John’s heart felt as warm as the glowing fire behind them. They leaned in, and shared a slow, sweet kiss. Taking their time, just enjoying each other. Nothing to distract them, nowhere to be.
John glanced down at himself. His other hand probed gently at his side, flinching when he felt the wound. “Christ, he really got me, didn’t he?”
The area smelt vaguely acidic, in that distinct way that only hospitals do. The
Come follow me on
“Ten seconds,” he said, with a little twitch of a nervous smile.
He dropped his face into his hands, and tried to hold it all back.
Sherlock moaned, desperate, and tugged John down to kiss him deeply, snaking his arms around his back and pulling him down so that they were chest to chest, the warmth of John’s entire body settling on him like a comforting weight, bared to him at last, nothing left to separate even one inch of Sherlock Holmes from the man he loved.
John’s stomach plummeted. His fingers clenched on the tray, and his laughter petering out uncomfortably.
Sherlock was trying for nonchalance, but didn’t quite manage to keep the plaintive note out of his voice as his eyes trailed hungrily down John’s strong, muscular body, laid completely bare before him like a feast for his gaze.
“Bloody hell,” John murmured, pulling the covers tighter around him.
He spotted a pretty blonde woman leaning against the frame of the door that led out to the patio, and moved toward her.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “How…was your flight?” He wanted to choke back those words even as he said them. It was as if they didn’t know each other at all.
The back of Sherlock’s legs hit the foot of the bed and he sat down on it, pulling John’s face down toward him, unwilling to stop kissing him even for a second. John leaned down to accommodate him and crawled into his lap, straddling his legs and wrapping his arms firmly around Sherlock’s shoulders.
He was tired in a good way by the time they were finished, feeling like he’d done something monumental despite the simplicity of the crime scene. His head felt clearer than it had done in days, and it was absolutely worth the soreness in his side that flared up again after he’d turned around too fast to watch Sherlock deduce the thief for the attending officers. They’d left quickly after that, Sherlock passing him an extra dose of painkillers as they got in a cab back to Baker Street, but John felt satisfied knowing that this had put them both a bit more at ease than they’d been all week.
This time, I bring you the story originally featuring the Prime Minister (Hugh Grant) and Natalie, his catering manager (Martine McCutcheon).
Sherlock kissed his own tears from John’s cheeks.
“Yes,” he said, simply.
His voice had grown firmer, and the lines of his face had smoothed out into something quite intense. Sherlock found himself staring for a second, enraptured.
“Well, I mean…” John swallowed. “We don’t have to check out until noon…”
He hugged the arm not holding the phone tightly across his chest, as if he could shrink into himself.
, and that was all that mattered.
“Is that an important message to you?” Mike asked.
The small crowd rose up with cheers. Flashbulbs went off in every direction, reporters waving and screaming behind them.
“No?” John quirked an eyebrow and leaned forward to rest on his elbows, his lips hovering just centimeters from Sherlock’s. “You mean you don’t know how much I wanted to snog you senseless in that cab earlier? Or back at Orlova’s flat, mobsters be damned?” John’s eyes had fallen half closed, his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s lips but still not making contact, that endearing half-smirk still pulling at his plump lips. “You don’t know that when I saw you again at the station, looking like the most beautiful sight for sore eyes, that I wanted to push you up onto that table and have my way with you right then and there?”
“It’s fine, I’m okay.” John said. He was, it had just taken him by surprise. He felt himself giggling softly again. The absurdity of this whole night was getting to him, a bit.
The small rustlings and shifting of the reporters quietened a little. A few of them had stopped writing, to look up at him in surprise.
“I want to be with you, too,” he murmured back.
All your comments are very much appreciated :)
“John,” he said, shaking Jeannie’s proffered hand. “Watson.”
There was a cold, dark chasm in the centre of his chest. Sherlock though his heart must have stopped beating because he couldn’t feel anything there. Nothing but blank shock, and a mounting obstruction in his throat.
Lestrade was surprised to hear from them, but quickly agreed to let them meet him at a sporting goods shop in Camden that had been broken into without any trace on the CCTV. Fairly mundane, but John felt that familiar thrill anyway all the way there and let himself get lost in it as he poked around the shop and asked all his usual questions, even though he knew Sherlock could have probably solved it at the breakfast table if he hadn’t been humoring him.
“Yeah,” John managed. He turned his head, blindly, but Sherlock found his lips. John pushed his tongue into the heat of his mouth, sloppy and uncoordinated, but Sherlock responded with just as much enthusiasm. There was something so intimate about it, him so steady and sure, while John was coming undone under his hands.
Dad sighed, a sympathetic
“I came in with the scotch,” John said in a rush, “and he just sort of slinked towards me and grabbed onto my hand and started talking, and he’s the President of the United States, and I just didn’t know what to do –”
“Hello!” He shouted, as Sherlock squirmed and squealed with laughter. “My name is Inigo Montoya!”
“Happy birthday, John.”
He’d just have to do it. He’d just have to spit it out.
.” Sherlock’s eyes snapped open again. He needed to make John understand; he pushed his hand up to brush over his brow, needing to make him
John’s fingers clenched against the porcelain as another wave crashed into him, and he could see his hands shaking, barely able to hang on. He felt Sherlock pressing tightly against his side, trying to keep the wound still, but John felt his skin stretching dangerously around it as he heaved again and again, his body convulsing under Sherlock’s hands as it tried to pour out everything, though there was nothing left in him to expel.
“Who’s Nancy?”
Sherlock paused for a moment before comprehension hit him, and he got up and followed his dad out of the room.
“Jeannie,” Stacey said. Her face was resting in her hands, smiling enticingly. “He’s from
“It’s okay, love, it’s okay,” John murmured against his lips, moving a hand up to stroke through the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He smiled softly, that private smile that was just for Sherlock. “We’ve got all night.”
” John’s breath caught, as Sherlock’s thumb dipped between his cheeks. “This was
The room seemed to go cold as Sherlock pressed a frail hand to his ribs, a strangled low noise coming from his throat while his face twisted in pain.
Sherlock gave him a small indulgent smirk back, and extended his hand.
It came sometime after Sherlock had collected himself enough to rejoin the rest of his friends. He was listening to them chatter on about some political leader he’d never heard of when a tall woman in a white coat emerged through the double doors.
“Oh, God,” John groaned. The thought made traces of yesterday’s headache begin to creep back in. “Didn’t you tell her I was still injured?”
“Hey!” shouted another voice from his left side. Another guard. Sherlock didn’t slow down. The guard seized the collar of Sherlock’s coat, and Sherlock slipped his arms out of it and kept running.
“Can you give us a moment, please?” Sherlock said to the driver, still waiting.
Sure enough, Sam looked up, a dubious smile on his momentarily-not-gloomy face.
taking it.”
If John hadn’t seen him run out there and shed his clothes, he wouldn’t have believed he was real. He looked like an apparition straight from a fairy tale – a beautiful spirit sent to capture the heart of the lonely traveller.
Sherlock cast his eyes down, shaking his head, but John drew him back with an urgent hand at the nape of his neck.
The next sonata struck up, slow and jubilant, and John drew Sherlock close into him, pressing them together from chest to ankle. Sherlock tucked his head in next to John’s cheek and swayed with him, slowly, back and forth, to Perlman’s gliding, swooping melody. They rotated in a slow circle, not really dancing but just holding each other – holding each other to the rhythm of this romance, this deep, wordless, love song. Just feeling each other, and knowing, as Sherlock knew they both did at that moment, that this was a place without uncertainty, without doubt. Everything here was whole and true, and always would be.
John was standing upright in the middle of the room. Sherlock was on his knees in front of him, bobbing his head back and forth in a routine motion. It was a stupid shot, John knew, not in the least because if Sherlock was actually doing what he was simulating there was no way John would have been able to stand at all, but the film was the farthest thing from his mind right now.
Sherlock worked into his left shoulder a bit harder – knowing how stubborn it could be, sometimes. He found where John was carrying the worst of it, and put his weight behind his hand.
“I was going to wait to give this to you, but with the way you look right now, I think you need to have it.”
“I guess I’ll have to get used to that,” John gasped, as soon as they were safely out of sight.
“Uh, soon, I guess,” John said, the barest note of resignation cutting through his steady voice. “We were just going to, um…”
John couldn’t stop himself from trying to buck up into Sherlock’s hands – Sherlock let him, a little, though his weight on him still kept him fairly well pinned. A low, continuous moan was emitting from John’s chest now, as every delicate brush against that sweet spot inside him sent him spiralling into another wave of pleasure.
Sherlock whirled around and hurried off down the corridor. He could feel Molly and Mrs. Hudson’s worried gazes boring into his back as he went, but thankfully they made no move to come after him.
“Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock…” John’s eyes shone brightly, and he pulled him back in for another bruising kiss. “I’m here, I’m here love, I’ll always be here.”
Sherlock blinked. He looked dazed.
It was just so
“You don’t need to do this all the time, John,” Sherlock said quietly. He found John’s other hand too, and threaded his fingers through it. “I told you, I’m feeling better today.”
John loved nights like this, when he was in no hurry to go anywhere and could just enjoy the view, and the quiet. There was a glass door dividing them, but it was still just the two of them alone. The only time they ever were, here. It was almost intimate, John thought, pain swelling in his chest as he stole glances up at him through the shadows. Almost.
The show was wrapping up now with a few closing messages, and Sherlock, with some effort, relaxed the scowl off his face. He peered through the glass of the booth at the host, all young and cynical and pretentious.
John nodded back, a bit relieved, as he let Sherlock take his hand and lead him toward the bathroom. He stayed quiet though; something was still troubling the back of his mind, something about those glimpses he kept catching that made a trickle of anxiety pool in his heart. Maybe he was imagining it – he must be, John thought, and bit his lip at the thought that he was still unable to really read Sherlock, even after all their years together. Still, even as Sherlock’s confident fingers smoothed over his skin, offering comfort in his touch and in his eyes and in his words, John couldn’t help but feel that he was holding something back – somewhere John couldn’t reach him.
25. “It’s the saddest part of my day – leaving you.”
“Yes, come in,” Sherlock called, shuffling one of the papers aside.
“Merry Christmas,” John mouthed back at him. His lips made only the smallest of movements.
Mycroft shifted uncomfortably, fixing his jacket to hide the outline of the package. “A precaution only. I always prepare for the worst. That’s not to say that I expect it.”
John stepped towards the door, then stopped. He should probably remind her to take another paracetamol in an hour or so. He popped his head back in the bedroom.
Sherlock had never exactly looked forward to Scotland Yard’s annual Christmas party, but John always liked to stop in on it for a few hours, and Sherlock supposed it was nice to catch up with Dimmock and Hopkins and the rest. In any case, the food was usually good and the champagne flowed freely, and sometimes they even got lucky enough to hire a half-decent DJ and make for a mildly pleasant evening, if not exactly fun.
“You feel like home,” John whispered back.
28. “And your very slow typing.”
Sherlock shook his head as if to fling the image away. His eyes focused on his own clenched hands; they were covered in blood.
John gave a little groan of complaint, but he let Sherlock untangle himself from him and go off into the bathroom for a flannel. It
“Hey, come on. It’s been too long since I saw you have a go at something inanimate.” John was chuckling now, feeling light, and he swiveled in Sherlock’s arms to bring their lips together again, tasting his smile. His hands rested at the small of Sherlock’s back and he was solid as ever, holding John up, holding him close, but there was that something again, that bit of…
“No.” John shook his head. “I’ve just split up with my girlfriend, actually, so I’m staying with my sister for a while.”
It was a moment before John realized Sherlock was trying to divest him of his shirt, too, and he quickly scrambled to help. He stripped off his old suit jacket, then tore at the buttons of his shirt until he could press his own bare chest to Sherlock’s, and the warmth that seeped through him made a soft moan escape his lips into Sherlock’s mouth. It only made Sherlock kiss him harder, pull him closer.
Suddenly John gritted his teeth and let out a low whine; Sherlock could feel wetness against his palm where it pressed into fabric; John’s eyes were flickering closed.
“And, Prime Minister?” the same reporter said in Sherlock’s direction.
teacher, Sherlock…”
All your comments are very much appreciated :)
– we’ll be there in, say, an hour and a half?”
John closed his eyes and pressed his lips together, the memory of Sherlock still etched impermeably into them.
He cried out, a sustained, high-pitched moan, and his hips bucked into Sherlock’s fist, rutting against the friction of the sheets, the pillow. The heat overtook him, an overwhelming burst of unbelievable pleasure, sparks shooting along every inch of his body, down to the tips of his fingers. John rode it out, trembling with ecstasy, then, feeling lightheaded, collapsed in a heap into the mattress. He pulled in deep, gasping breaths, his skin tingling with aftershocks.
“I’m a cook.”
“Uh, bonjour, Sherlock,” he sputtered out, finally. He took a few steps down the drive toward him and extended his hand. “Je suis – John.”
A smiling grey-haired woman emerged from the sitting room and followed Mycroft toward the door, but John was already hurrying after Mr. Holmes down the street.
“Oh, well,” Sherlock murmured. “That really
“You can’t even
An awful sob-like sound burst out of John’s lungs.
Sherlock seized the phone out of his pocket, fingers fumbling at the keypad as he ripped the scarf from his neck.
“You know, suddenly, I’m not the least bit tired,” John murmured.
“Yeah,” John said, and his eyes were glinting even brighter than before. “Don’t you trust me?”
“You were?” he breathed.
John nodded against him. He leaned his head into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. The warmth of him was far too relaxing. He was in danger of falling asleep where he stood.
Sherlock turned around, hands safely in his pockets so he wouldn’t feel compelled to bridge the distance between them. John was smiling, still, though there was something earnest in his eyes that made Sherlock soften – made the darkness in his chest shrink down to something safe.
“God, I wish you hadn’t turned it down,” he said with an awkward smile.
“You tell me, but I wouldn’t guess so, after ‘maybe the crime scene is haunted.’”
“As if they would try,” he murmured, too quiet for anyone to hear.
John closed his eyes, and unbearably gently, shifted down a little and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Sounds fantastic,” John grinned. “Listen, do you think you can do me a favour?”
Sherlock tilted his head upward, and kissed at John’s jawline. His warm breath tickled John’s face. John smiled, humming a little in the back of his throat.
“Don’t care,” Sherlock said, in almost a sigh. “Go on, I need to park round the corner.”
John couldn’t say why, but something bright and warm seemed to flow into his chest, at those words.
Silence fell again, as quickly as it has been broken. Their synchronized breathing was the only thing that could be heard.
Mycroft had already gone off down the adjoining hall to collect his things from his office. Sherlock gave quick hellos to everyone standing ready, then went right on through the door across the way.
“Finding what I’ve been looking for,” John said, quietly.
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes boring into his back, still.
With some effort, Sherlock swallowed down his building sobs and forced his breath to level out. Excess tears leaked from under his eyelids, and he pressed a hard kiss to John’s neck with trembling lips.
He stared down Magnussen and didn’t flinch, and Magnussen looked back at him with a steely edge in his eyes.
John extracted his hand from between them, wiped it off on the nearest sheet corner and tossed it away, then slid his arms up to hold Sherlock tight around the shoulders.
Sherlock closed his own eyes, and allowed himself one moment to give over to his own agonizing imagination. It was still a few minutes to Baker Street.
“Oh, come on, Mike, you know as well as I do the record’s crap.”
“I –” John said, lowly. He had to force the words out; his body was screaming at him to shut his mouth, to just ignore it.
He patted Mrs. Hudson’s back gently as she sniffled against his shoulder, then stepped back to allow Molly and Lestrade to embrace him in their turn. Each of them hugged him tighter and for longer than he’d ever have normally allowed, but tonight he responded with fervour. He took it all in, sucking deep gulps of air into his starved lungs, and let their shared joy dry his eyes and push away the last of the ache in his chest.
“I would never,
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked.
Had he mentioned to Mycroft about the Japanese ambassador? Maybe he should give him a call before it got too late.
Slowly, agonizingly, the retching slowed, quieting from full-body shudders into a fainter trembling. John gasped and panted, his head still spinning, and as he came back down from it he felt Sherlock urgently pushing his shirt up and peeling away part of the bandage to feel his stitches, his fingers sagging in relief when he found that they were still intact. He sighed and pressed a gentle kiss to John’s temple, holding himself there as the ringing subsided in John’s ears and he was able to pick out the stream of
“Oh, piss it,” he said, but didn’t look embarrassed at all.
John cried out as Sherlock’s fingers crooked inside him, brushing just so against his prostate and sending a jolt of pleasure through him like an earth-shattering thunderclap. John’s fingers dug into Sherlock’s shoulders, and he was
She was still with terror – Sherlock could see even from his position behind her – but her voice rang loud through the space. She sang the entire bridge of the song, the choir interjecting “oohs” and “oh-oh-ohs” along with her. But Sherlock wasn’t watching, was barely listening to the sounds his fingers were pulling from his own instrument, because his eyes were fixed on the second microphone, no one behind it yet, but there would be soon, just a few seconds, a few more bars, and Sherlock’s heart was hammering behind his ribs, loud enough to throw him off count if the notes hadn’t been so ingrained in his fingers, and it was coming up now, just now, as the girl finished the verse and rushed back to the bleachers –
“It already is,” he whispered back, and leaned in for one more chaste kiss before leading him towards the door.
John vaguely recognized it as one of his own – a really old one, that he hadn’t worn in years. He’d forgotten he had it, actually. He crossed the room to where Sherlock was, and his arm came to rest at the small of his back.
There was no mistaking that look.
He shut his eyes against it, and must have dozed off again, because suddenly light was streaming through the window and Sherlock was there with his usual kiss, ready to pull him into the bathroom with a motion now familiar as a well-practiced dance.
But Sherlock was already on his way over. Without missing a beat, he came around the back of John’s chair and began massaging his neck and shoulders, working his clever fingers around to find the knots in his muscles, and coax them out firmly but carefully. John dropped his hand and sighed, and sank into the contact.
