Sherlock had no idea what to do. Comforting people was Johns thing not his. But this was JOHN who was hurting so Sherlock had to at least try.
"Yes I was thinking either a dog or a cat."
Five minutes later Johns "OH MY GOD!" reverberated throughout the flat, startling Sherlock into cracking a pipette. "What is it?" He asked curiously. "BAMF!" came the answer. Sherlock stuck his head out the door in confusion. "What is a BAMF?" He asked curiously at John's expression. "IT'S A BAD ASS MOTHER FUCKER! Greg thinks I'M A BAD ASS!" John yelled making Sherlock roll his eyes. "oh well we all knew that."
“Trust me. Their mother is
“No.”
John smiled evilly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"What to do with it."
Lily and Lucian climbed back up the cliff until only the top of their heads peaked over. They couldn't see the assassin but that did not mean that he was not there.
"No Mycroft such actions cannot continue. I did not allow it when you and your brother were children so why should I allow it now? It's…unhealthy." Amalee retorted giving the twins a sour look.
"But I haven't done anything."
"FINE!" Mycroft snarled and leapt to his feet making Greg chuckle and get up as well.
"Sherlock what if I buy it?" John asked making the detective glare. "I don't want to sell it it's my last card."
"What if I mess this up and they hate me? Or worse they turn out to be serial killers or I damage them to the point that they cannot be fixed?" Sherlock obsessed making John laugh.
From Lucian
"SHERLOCK!"
(See the end of the chapter for
THANK YOU WIBBLYWOBBLYTIME77 for putting up with me! (She's my new beta just because sometimes my computer turns evil and switches my grammar around on me because Microsoft office word has HORRIBLE grammar...but it can spell i'll give it that.) so yea this is a random stand alone chapter that was requested of me and I do have the general outline for the funeral I just have to write it which is a bit difficult as my computer no longer likes the letter 'M' and refuses to let me use it... this was written at the library until I get my computer issue sorted out... so this will be the last update for a while until then...sorry :(
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock came out of the bedroom all freshly showered and dressed while Lily and Lucian sat at the living room table eating egg in a basket. "You cooked?" He asked with a quirk to his eyebrow. "Nope the fairies did it…just like magic!" Lily responded then tipped her head at her brother's glare. "What? Ask a stupid question get a stupid answer…I swear you and I have been through this before." She smiled making Sherlock nod. "No she's right that was a stupid question though Mrs. Hudson could have brought it up. "Well I have to go to Scotland Yard today are you two going to be alright here by yourselves or do you wish to accompany me?" He asked to their surprise.
"Not really." She whispered quietly and stared down at her plate. No matter what Moriarty said or did he never got more then two words out of Lily at a time. "So Lily what are your favorite subjects in school?"
"you should try to be more annoying then…"
"Sherlock."
Sebastian's heart melted at the sight of this girl's innocent expression. "That's alright, just a little creepy to turn around and seeing you two standing there chattering then you run off…"
"But we have it at Uncle Mycroft's."
"Art stuff and disposable cameras?" Moran questioned from behind the criminal consultant.
“Why didn’t you tell me.”
“Lucian, physical violence is something to be used as a last resort.  Not because you felt that Lily was threatened by words. What you did was WRONG and….”
The End
"I don't know...but I do know that he probably won't want to cuddle with you while you read to him..."
Mycroft loved this towel.
John looked up at his husband as soon as the word left his lips. Only to find Sherlock blushing. "Sherlock?"
"Alright but for the record I did try."
The twins ran through the halls and through electronic doors that now opened with ease. After all you can't lock electronic doors without power can you?
Walls I built up became my home
“What are we supposed to call you?” Lucian asked after a pointed look from Lily.
Lucian watched as Lily slammed the door open and strode inside to face the parents.
"What is it?" John asked worriedly.
“Wake up you little shits. We have to go and get you new clothes.” She sneered as she kicked the edge of their makeshift bed.
Love Mommy
Do I risk it all? Come this far just to fall?
Sherlock immediately pounced asking question after question in Greek. “Sherlock, let him answer at least one question before attacking him with more.” John scolded and gave the boy a pleasant smile.
Both twins stared at each other before nodding at the army doctor.
"Alright you two, Sherlock you go put on these, John put on these." Greg grinned as he handed the couple a pile of clothes. Both men wore a pair of jeans and t-shirts. John's t-shirt was rainbow tie-dye with the words "I WANT THE D" in large pink letters while Sherlocks t-shirt was white with a unicorn throwing up rainbows in a toilet bowl. On the back read 'So gay pukes rainbows and cums glitter' in large black letters on the back. Neither men were amused. But both were surprised when Greg suddenly hand cuffed the two together with a grin. "John I take it this is the start of those pranks you were talking about?"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The first day seemed to go seamlessly. Sherlock and John moved all of Johns stuff into Sherlock's room and the children’s clothes into Johns old room.
Sherlock then started snickering at that earning him a glare from the driver. "Hush you. Yes some of them will have duct tape in their sporrans and if you don't behave you will quickly find yourself duct tapped to a tree, that goes for you as well Lucian."
“Yea it is. Now I already told you I aint givin them away fo nofing.” She snarled and glared at the man.
"What did that prick say?" Greg asked as he knelt by John's feet to look at his pale face.
“Just came by to see if you need anything, John I heard about your uncle, my sympathies on that part, is there anything I can do to help?” Mycroft asked making the Detective spitting mad.
That got Sherlock’s attention in a very naughty way. “A Ghrà?”
"We don't have forks."
Oh go cry to your boyfriend.
~~__~~!
Mycroft blinked at the teenager, seriously glad for the first time that she was not older and aiming for his job.
It was Lucian.
Sherlock gave a small nod. "The man they were interrogating told them where Moriarty is hiding out...We can get the kids back!"
"No you aren't the enemy but you're not doing anything either. Your USELESS here...That's all you can do isn't it. Just make tea and try to SOOTH some nerves. Why are you even here? This isn't just another case here. These are MY children and you're useless here. Why don't you go to the clinic or something? Leave and let me find MY children." Sherlock snarled at his lover.
"Sherlock what is…KYLE!" Greg almost screamed as he knelt beside his son only to be pulled back by Mycroft as John checked him over. "He's alright just unconscious, Kyle…Kyle wake up." He said as he gently woke the boy up.
Hearing Johns groan is one of the most loved sounds that Sherlock has ever heard and it only served to spur him on. So he kept scraping his teeth on Sherlock's skin, leaving the groans and pants of 'more' and 'oh god' and only after tugging vehemently on his hair did John manage to pull his detective back up his body to snog him with a load moan.
"Isn't that their job?"
"YOUR children decided that they would try to help the nice baker with the rest of his order and turn his giant mixer, you know the one they use to blend the large amounts of flour and dry ingredients in? Well they turned that one on high. THANKFULLY the baker understands and is still willing to make our wedding cake." John was not happy. An unhappy John is not to be laughed at.
"A bit not good blah blah blah." Lily remarked eyeing the attendant down. "Listen lady we need some help, we've been kidnapped by MI6 agents to use against our father…"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lily and Lucian looked at each other before turning towards the man and giving a silent nod.
Warning B: gratuitous violence
"Neither have I. Something about John just brings this out in him." Mycroft smiled as he wrapped his arms around Greg. "Would you like to dance?"
"No poker. We don't have enough people to play bullshit but if you three join in…" Lily responded making Sherlock blink and everyone else laugh. "That's not what I meant." He finally articulated making Lily grin.
Mycroft finally looked up at his boyfriend, that posed as bad news. "Let me see..." He strode quickly over to the CCTV footage and stared. "I'm going to find Sherlock...Our dear doctor looks to be having a severe panic attack and his PTSD symptoms seem to be surfacing. Which direction did he come from?"
The kitchen was a disaster. There was flour EVERYWHERE including all over the twins. There were baking utensils covering the kitchen table (which you could miraculously see for the first time in years) and from the looks of it, the blender was trying very hard to eat everything in reach.
Mycroft raised his hands in the classic gesture of 'I'm innocent in this' and watched as his niece struggle with carrying her bags to the door. "Lily…accepting help doesn't make you weak…not accepting help when you need it doesn't make you strong…it makes you stupid." He said as he pulled the largest bag away from her.
All that i have been carrying all these years
"Not necessarily...There are Bachelor parties where both grooms go to. So we can do a mutual one."
"Really?" Greg whispered in his boyfriends ear making him blush even more. "I missed you too." He said before wrapping himself around Mycroft’s arm.
"Sherlock don't lick me."
"I don't care what you want Mycroft, this is my house and my rules!"
“It went fine. But just so you know your children are pen snobs.” John remarked as he gave his tea a quick stir and brought a cup over to Sherlock, settling onto the couch beside his friend.
"IT WASN'T MY FAULT!"
"HEY!" she screeched when Johns hand whipped out to snatch the cigarette from her mouth. "We don't smoke in here." He said evenly as he put the cancer stick out in her tea cup. "Fine…but I wish to be able to talk to my children…alone." She glared as her heel started to click on the floor.
“M’Lucian, She’s Lily.” The boy said as the girl curled impossibly farther into him.
Lily ran until her lungs burned and she collapsed against one of the many tees, not even realizing she was outside. "I'm not cold…I'm not…" She whispered as the days events finally crashed down upon her. So far she's been shot at, escaped a kidnapping, whisked away from her new home to a place that doesn't want or need her, her brother is slowly drifting away from her, told that she was cold and now yelled at by someone who demanded respect while showing her none. The incident with Grand'Mere at the table simply pushed her over the edge, she did not know how much more she could take before shattered into a thousand pieces like glass.
“Of course it does.”
Then they ran as the teens looked murderous.
"Oh my god…SHE TALKS!" Sherlock announced earning him another smack in the head. "First of all some ground rules. One: NO EXPLOSIONS! Two: no more body parts in the fridge there are children living here now and three: no more getting my gun and blowing holes in the walls!" John snarled at the detective ignoring the look that passed between the two teenagers.
“Not telling.”
When Sherlock and the twins walked into Scotland Yard they were met with stares and whispers of 'they look just like him' and 'I can't believe its true!'.
"I don't know what you mean."
"Do you think Sherlock is angry at us? I mean John does have PTSD…" Lucian whispered across the gap between their beds. "I don't think so…I mean he did get to cuddle with him." Lily whispered back as she laced her fingers with her brothers and let their clasped hands dangle in the air. "Hey..I want ted to shay goodnigh...'fore you and he went to shleep…" Came a slurred baritone from the doorway.
Both have issues sleeping while the female suffers from nightmares/night terrors.
John moved to speak but Sherlock lifted one large hand and placed it against his mouth with a shake of his head. "No don't speak just yet; I'm just trying to find the words." He said with a sigh and continued.
Achfary does exist as does their black and white phone box. have I ever been you ask? no I have not did I just pick a small village at random? Of course!
"No I do!" Kyle announced as he walked over and held up the pillow watching as each man took a silver and gold band to place on the other mans finger.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lucian blinked rapidly as the man continued speaking. "You see a few years ago, Sherlock and I...well we had a small war between the two of us. He even convinced his brother that I'm the bad guy and I was taken prisoner. He lost the war even though he killed many people to ensure his win. He never got over that loss and has vowed to harm me ever since. Mycroft though, he found out about the two of you...not my finest moment i might add. Anyways Mycroft convinced Sherlock that he was your biological father, setting you two up as his children. The perfect leverage against me because you see...I'm your father."
It had been a fortnight since Lestrade had heard from Sherlock and at this point he was very worried. He had heard from John but that was only through texts. The detective Inspector had tried to ask what was going on, but John had only replied that things were a little hectic at the flat and they were going through some stuff. The doctor had promised to explain things in due time. With that, Lestrade had planned on leaving the two alone for the time being, figuring that they will get in touch when they can.
"What the?!" John exclaimed on seeing no trace of the twins in the flat. "They went to school." Sherlock said as he lifted a note that had been duct taped to their door. "How?...Oh alright…now what?" John asked as his daily schedule was now in a complete disarray. "Easy, we can either go to Scotland Yard and pester Lestrade for a case or…" Sherlock trailed off as he wrapped his arms around his lover. "We can go back to bed and…occupy ourselves."
An hour later Sherlock was wheeled the trolley up to the cashier. There was a mountain of clothes and necessities and the cashier did not look happy. But he scanned every single item and John goggled at the total.
~~_~~!
“We’ve never given it much thought” Lucian eventually replied.
“We’re fine. What was all that about?” Lucian asked taking a sip of tea.
also my name on there is salconedestrivina.....
The coffin was led out of the funeral parlor and into the Hearse where John took his hand and placed it above his heart. Then he turned and walked back to the car, motioning for everyone to follow.
"You got it love…"
All thoughts left his head at Sherlock's kiss and John could only hold on for dear life while the feeling of his best friend kissing him wiped away all coherent thought and he was only left with his primal instincts to take.
"ENOUGH!" John snapped seeing the argument that was rapidly turning into an all out war between the two of them. "John's right you two fight nice." Sherlock interjected making Johns eyebrow furrow in confusion. But instead of asking what he meant he just looked out the window. He had known Sherlock for years and he knew better than to ask that sort of question.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Well the British Government doesn't kneel for just anyone you know." John's blue eyes danced. Greg grinned and slapped his friend on his uninjured shoulder while behind them Sherlock and Mycroft faced off.
~~__~~!
"Don't call me that..."
“Sherlock there are only two rooms in this flat.” John said as he sat on the couch, surrounded by a sea of clothing bags.
"So glad we were wrong."
John smiled gratefully at the boy. “Thank you so much. Do you know which direction they headed?”
okay i totally admit that i am in fact a pen snob.
"NOW" John all but begged the detective until he slid inside then began to move.
*Knock Knock Knock*
Three days later saw John, Sherlock and the twins walking into the clinic just in time for their appointment.
After the flu season was over the criminal activity started back up again and Sherlock was torn between working cases and staying with the kids but knew that in order to keep the kids alive, money was needed.
“John said there were left-overs at home.” Lucian remarked as he and Lily stared out the window. Sherlock smiled at their interest at the passersby and for the remainder of the ride, entertained them with deductions of the people out the window.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Is that his mouth? That's his mouth TONGUE! Oh god TEETH...Too much! Sherlock's thoughts were a blue of John's actions as he pried his friend off of his cock and lifted him to ravage his mouth only stopping to strip his blogger of his pants. "Oh GOD!" John growled as Sherlock lay on top of him and started to grind.
END OF SMUTTYNESS
Then Sherlock sat up and looked the woman in the eye. "I did not know that I had children until about a few months ago. My brother showed up on our door step with them and they have been with us ever since…and they seem happy with the arrangement thus far, am I correct in my assumptions?"
Sherlock was laying against the headboard with a book open in his lap and Lily was curled up against him with her head on his chest. The only difference between then and now was that Sherlock was getting some grey hairs (Giving him a distinguished look if you asked John) and the girl was now a little older. But you are never too old to need your father and sometimes you need to be reminded that there is always a place that you can go to forget your worries.
God I hope I'm doing this right. John thought as he lifted his head off of Sherlock's stomach. I wonder how he tastes He thought and lowered his head to find out, sliding his mouth down his friends most private of places and swirling his tongue around the tip of him. Thank god for the army.
After an hour of walking they both heard a very promising sound.
Silently he placed a hand on her shoulder and pulled her towards him even as she turned to fight.
Mycroft sighed and took a look at his niece. "Lily, those would be helpful but these are pictures of you, your brother and Moran."
Sherlock is right, I am useless...All I can do is pat him on the shoulder and make him some tea. I'm just slowing him down. They aren't even my children he said so himself... John thought and didn't even notice the tears pouring down his face as his mind whirled against him.
“I know that you both don’t know us and are still tentative towards us, but we only have your safety in mind. So please
Greg sighed again when he realized that this month will undoubtedly be the longest month of his life.
"Lucian…I see smoke…And I think a church!" Lily cried with glee and started to scramble down the tree with Lucian following after.
Sorry had to drag Dad to bed... I don't think he realized how many of the little bottles I handed him
AND NOW FOR THE END
Lily and Lucian sat on their beds doing their homework when the radio switched from 50 ways to say good bye by Train to Wreaking ball by Miley Cyrus. "Oh my god! Change it I think my ears are going to explode!" Lily cried as Lucian fiddled with the radio.
"They better not be having sex in there…we sleep in there." Said a sullen Sherlock. "I hope not." John replied as he watched Sherlock straighten up the mess he made. "Okay guys thank you we're out of here!" a now happy Greg smiled at the two. "And you John…" Mycroft said making the person in question raise his eye brow. "Well played I guess I will have to keep an eye on you." Mycroft announced making Sherlock and Greg glare but only made John chuckle. "Should have expected the unexpected and not let me pull on over on you…but it did turn out for the best yes?" He asked calmly and turned a page in his book making the other men stare at him. "You really are a BAMF aren't you?" Greg asked then noted the confused looks aimed at him. "Err never mind…Lets go." Greg said as a blush crept up his neck to stain his cheeks. "Sherlock….What the hell is a BAMF?" John asked his lover who only shrugged.
He wouldn't trade them for the world
*CLICK*
“But they still tried to break into a government run building..”
John froze at his lovers words, hands going still as he glanced at the clock. "Oh my god! Its nine o'clock! Get up their late for school! And no that doesn't mean they can skip school today!" John said as he lunged to his feet and hastily dressed
It started with one sneeze, one which went unnoticed by the other five people sitting around the kitchen table of 221B Baker Street.
"Don't know."
“If that is the case they cannot go back. Not to someone like
Both twins looked at each other and gave a small panicked expression. "N-no what happened?"
"Oh Mr. Hilson was a teacher of ours and a real git. So last day of school we filled his entire room with chickens. Gosh there must have been at least 60 of them right John?"
“I know you didn’t want to take a flight Sherlock but I don’t think I can handle you AND the kids in an enclosed space for almost nine hours…” John said as he wrapped his arms around his lover.
"Yes between you and Anthea. I have noticed that you are starting to get highly protective of her and I demand to know the reason why."
"No service, Tea-"
"Twelve, fifteen it doesn't matter now. You're a master assassin."
Lucian are in trouble.” John remarked as the phone started ringing making him sigh as he went to go answer it.
"No…John you'll always be mine right? Mine alone?" Sherlock asked making John frown. "Of course love…"
Sherlock gave a curt nod and ran down the hall and down the stairs, knowing how slow the lift would be.
“What?”
"Hmmm..."
"Yea and the little bastard took all the credit for that project too."
________________________________________
“But you broke the blender”
SHIT!
Not Enough! Sherlock thought as he pressed John onto the couch to feast on his mouth like a starving man, swallowing in his friends moans in a desperate kiss.
"She really is adorable." He mused before going to see his boss about his next target.
Questions of age, Harriet, Clones and a funeral...yea that about sums it up
John stared at the mess in the kitchen then turned his wide eyes to the twins. He couldn’t help it, he just started laughing.
"Lexy is my neighbor…is she going to the funeral?" John asked and thought as Deborah shook her head. "Do you think she will be willing to watch the twins during the funeral?"
"Are you alright?" Sherlock asked as he pushed open the bedroom door. "He was my favorite uncle.." John said mournfully.
“Alright so go pick out clothes” Sherlock said as they entered the store and then stared back at the twins who simply stared at him.
As time passed he would greatly miss his Uncle Shamus but when he felt himself slide into that hole of grief he would remember the twins and his love. It would not cure the grief but he had a very good reason to pull himself out of it and start the healing process.
"Don't look at me I'm still trying to figure out why his house looked like a church!"
"…Are you alright?" Mycroft asked peering at the man in question, having no idea what he was talking about.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“We’re here because you need your immunizations and no I cannot do it. That’s illegal. But Sarah is very nice and is going to see you both at the same time. That way we’re here as little as possible.” John remarked as he helped the reluctant kids through the door.
The three males of the house were driven out from their dreams by the sound of Lily screaming as if she was being flayed alive.
"Sebastian?" Lily asked as she tiptoed over to him making him jump ever so slightly. "What?!"
Until Lestrade showed up with a team of officers.
"Will you stop with the questions already? And get down you're not supposed to be in here at all never mind sitting on my bed." Sebastian finally snapped at the girl who only flopped back with her arms spread. "But I'm BORED!"
"But John-"
Lucian gave a small smile. "O-Oh really?"
"No it's alright." Lily said making them all frown then she reached behind her and withdrew a cheap disposable camera. "Besides, I took pictures."
"Now you have the information to locate Moriarty and Moron…so can my brother and I go back to just being for a while?" Lily asked suddenly looking all of her 15 years.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All four of them walked out into the garden, looking behind bushes before Sherlock gave a panicked shout, making everyone start running towards his voice.
"What do you want Lavonia?" Sherlock growled as he placed a hand on his sons shoulder. "Why Sherly…What makes you think I want anything? I am their mother after all and I do have the right to see that their well taken care of." Lavonia smiled as she withdrew a single cigarette from her purse to light it, making John glare when she blew the smoke towards her 'precious children'.
"Come let's get you home so you can cool down." Mycroft wasn't feeling a bit guilty…no he wasn't, and if you tell Greg you will quickly find yourself in Antarctica.
"Mycroft I have a phone. I can be used to contact me whenever need be."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When they pulled up in front of the flat there was a shortish woman with long blond hair standing in front, looking very angry.
Both twins turned to look at the group of teens that started to approach them. They both silently agreed that they were the village idiots and started walking away when one of the boys grabbed Lily and pulled her close. "Hey baby, wanna hang with a real man?"
Lily stomped upstairs and slammed the door shut. This should have been the first sign that something was wrong but Sherlock was not paying attention, too engrossed in his latest experiment. Luckily John was and he followed the angry teen up the stairs to find the girl face down on the bed, her head buried in a pillow. "What's wrong?" He asked gently as he sat next to her prone form. Wordlessly she handed him a piece of paper from her pocket then laid there as John read it.
"WOW! The 'beautiful and stupid stereotype in the flesh…all yours dad…" Lily said as she walked over to see if Lucian really would fit in the trunk of that convertible on the sales floor.
Kyle waited for a few minutes before looking up from his book. "At least they're keeping themselves occupied." He muttered making his father laugh. "True but I wish they would find a different subject to stalk."
Sweat poured as bodies pounded together. Each man was slamming into the other, trying to gain that little bit of sensation that would push him over the edge and into oblivion.
Can you see that I'm bound in chains?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"What about Gladstone?"
Lucian's shoulders sagged at her words. "I know...But this may be our last and only chance to do this...
Lily and Lucian Holmes
Lily and Lucian stared at the boy.
“Sirs…We wish to apologize for our behavior and recognize that your children were not in the wrong. The security officer will be fired before the hour. You and your children and Captain Watson here will all receive a complimentary flight back as well as a full refund on this flight. And since there is still almost an hour wait for the flight we would like you all to have one of these.” He said as he pulled out four black cards. “Each will get you anything and everything you want in the airport. Food snacks, tchotchkes you name it. And it is completely on us. We apologize greatly for your inconvenience.” He said then gave a little bow before fleeing in the opposite direction.
"So we get into a fight and he goes running to you? Or was it Greg?" Sherlock growled then yelped as Mycroft hit him again, this time in the shin.
"Because when a cop does it, it's not against the law." The twins talked back and forth while Greg and Kyle just waited until they stopped. "Alright so you two will leave Anderson alone for a while. You've had your fun now it's time to pick another target alright?" Greg sighed knowing that he wouldn't be able to get the twins to stop but he could get them to switch targets. "Alright."
After about an hour of packing he realized that he hasn’t heard the twins in a while. This did not bode well.
"I think we freaked him out…" Lily smiled making her brother snort. "Lily, Lucian please sit." John intoned making the twins wary of him. "Just so you two know…I may not agree with what you did but I understand the why of it. But if something like this ever happens again I want you two to know that you can talk to us about it. We can't help you if we don't know what's going on." John whispered to the two making them pay attention (He learned that trick by living with Sherlock. Say something out loud and you'll get ignored but if you whisper it he'll listen). "That would probably have been the smart thing to do…" Lily groaned then pulled John onto the couch to be sandwiched between the two of them. "So how do you entertain yourself when he's not trying to get you to entertain him?" Lucian asked and John suddenly felt as if he was being cornered by two lions. "Well the telly usually works…"
The tuxes: pulled out of my head and you have no idea how many time's i've misspelled boutonniere...i think my computer gives me a small electric shock every time i misspell that now...Seriously try to spell that without looking...not the easiest, especially when you failed french.
They ran for almost an hour before a tree next to them exploded. Sebastian was home.
"Ah, Mycroft!" Mycroft glared at the happy john as he let in into the pandemonium that was 221B Baker Street. "Dear brother…what are you doing?" He asked as he watched Sherlock tear apart their living room. "Oh just ignore him he lost his mobile. Would you like a cuppa?" John asked as he rolled his eyes at his lovers antics and simultaneously ushering Mycroft into the kitchen. "Yes please…did you try calling it?" He asked.
Two Minutes Later "John, When I first met you I didn't think much of you. I thought you were sort of interesting but would not effect my life in anyway. I don't think I have ever been so happy to be wrong. You have always been an excellent focus point for me and I firmly believe you will continue to do so even if you are not aware of it. You have always been there for me for every little thing and the thought of you not being there ever again makes my chest ache. I will always need you in my life because without you it isn't life at all." Sherlock read off the paper then looked up to find silent tears pouring down Johns face. "I'm sorry...a bit not good?"
Sherlock and John spun slowly as the song rose and fell, Sherlock lovingly whispering some of the lyrics in John's ears. They slowed to a stop once the woman stopped singing and John laughed to find himself a little misty once again. "I love you, you berk."
"I could always tell them he used it in an experiment."
Then Moriarty blinked.
"First of all you two will take my old room and I'll be moving out. Secondly…" Before John could finish his thought he was interrupted by Sherlock's resounding 'no'.
While both children had no records of any shots there was numerous records of broken bones and fractures. The most recent being only a few months ago.
"Lily! I found wire and solder items!" Lucian whispered excitedly as Lily walked around pretending to be happy to take pictures. "Where?" She smiled as she took a photo of her beloved brother. "Sebastian's room. But he's going to be gone for at least a week!"
Bonus points if you can guess what Lily is making out of that disposable camera...I'll give you virtual cookies and pie if you get it right ;)
"I don't know."
"I Do."
“I meant that it’s weird. I mean Sherlock is…well Sherlock. Also I don’t remember you ever saying anything about kids.” Harry responded and stepped back from the twins now glaring at her.
Good God! Sherlock thought as he broke the kiss only to give a moan as John's mouth started to trail down his neck. When the hell did I get on the bottom? Was his last coherent thought as he felt Johns teeth against the nape of his neck, causing his animal instincts to rise.
“About two days before she sold us to the suit. She wanted to make sure that neither of us forgot about her.”
Ten Years Later
He even spilt his tea all over the couch as well as his lap.
"How did he get inside?" John asked looking around at the three Holmes's and Lestrade. "He had to have had someone on the inside…but who?" Mycroft asked as he scanned a list of names trying to figure out which one was weakest. "He would have had to have something on the man to do that, anyone come into mind Mycroft?" His father asked.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock stiffened as his friend...Lover? trailed off. Did he not like it? Was it too different? He obsessed not feeling John start to nuzzle his neck. "Jesus Sherlock if I knew it was going to be like that I would have tried to do this so much sooner." John muttered as he kissed one of the hicky's gracing Sherlock's neck. "So...you did like it?" The detective whispered worried that he was being toyed with and seeing something that wasn't actually there.
Sherlock stared at John through lowered eyes. "Fine.." he pouted before following his army doctor up the stairs and back into their flat.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~`
SMUT AHEAD LOTS OF SMUT (No I didn't write it...my friend Kevin did so Muah for him for doing it....lots of love to him)
"Yes dear?"
Sherlock's eyes lit up as he allowed the photographer to take a few snap shots of the cake then stole the magnifying glass and placed it on a plate. He held John's hand as they cut out a single piece of the green cake. "Alright now you have to feed each other."
The children simply sat and stared at the gruff man who, to his credit, stared right back at them. From what they could tell Dr. Lochlan Travis was an army veteran (going by the pictures on the wall) and was no push over.
“Helpful how?” Lily asked reminding him greatly of Sherlock when he was denied an answer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“For how long?”
Lucian was wearing a black tuxedo with a purple rose boutonniere and his cufflinks were a light blue color. He had asked if he could wear a heather flower crown but they had said no. His short hair was spiked up with some kind of gel and Lestrade had helped dye the tips of the spike a bright purple in lieu of wearing flowers.
"What do you want to do today?" Sherlock sighed and curled a little harder into John, making his point clear. "Point taken." John replied as he rolled over to embrace his husband.
~~__~~
"Water yes, then you go. You go far. No trouble. Trouble follows from big house. No trouble."
Thinking on her feet has always been one of her strong suits while being intelligent and fragile looking was two more. All these traits together made her a force to be reckoned with and with a quick swipe of her arm she spread the blood to her head and face.
~~__~~
“Alright it seems as though that detective has fallen off the face of the earth yet again. Per protocol I want you to take your team and do a drugs bust and find out if he’s gone off the deep end or not.”
"We could try,"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~~_~~!
Lily forced herself to blush at his words. "We were curious as to what you do as security but you always knew we were there…"
“What? Lily what wasn’t your fault?”
"I see the girl is a bit possessive isn't she?" Duncan winced at the pokes but endured and ignored them in favor of speaking to John.
Sherlock snarled as he opened the door to find Mycroft on the other side. "What do you want? We're all out of cake."
John smiled at his lover and took his hand. "No I'm not opposed at all actually I am all for such actions."
"Why would you need to use them?"
"Can I just tell you something? I know that it's none of my business.."
"Right so a car for you and your devil children coming right up…"
"And the stuff you brought with you to occupy yourself with?"
"ANDERSON! DONOVAN! Right here right NOW!" Lestrade shouted making every one jump once again. "As of this second you are both suspended for two weeks." He snarled making the two pale.
"B-But what if…they hate me…for what happened? I can't…I can't…" he babbled and started to gasp until Lily took his hand.
While the air marshal and the small team of barristers began to chatter amongst themselves, Sherlock took a glance at his
Lily stopped for a second and leaned on a building. "I don't know Luce. It's not like we can go back to mom. We've been sold remember? So I guess we'll just keep going." She said as she started to put her long hair into a pony tail.
________________________________________
"Ah, you must be the Holmes's. Second door on the right please." Said the receptionist, a pretty young blond woman who eyes Sherlock. Young and dumb…useful Lily thought and gave the woman her 'I'm small, cute and shy protect me' smile which made her melt. For some reason being small and shy brought out the protective instincts in people, though Lily never understood why.
Text Message from: Sherlock
Suddenly Sherlock’s phone rang.
Suddenly Lucian stepped forward, knocking the Medical Examiners hand away from his sister. "Are you fucking deaf? We are NOT leaving and we have NOT been kidnapped and if you keep trying to send us back to her then I promise you, you will never be able to find us again. And if you keep trying to touch my sister I will break every bone in that hand!" he snarled venomously making the ME step back in fear, allowing Sherlock to walk over and comfort his sister.
"Chinese food can have chicken or fish in it."
Sherlock gave John a look that said ‘really?’ and then smiled. “Yea I can see you doing that. Especially if you were annoyed. Which I imagine you were by that point.”
“Well obviously they’re smart enough to trick Moriarty, they have your genes Sherlock.”
“He’s my blogger” they both said at the same time as a “Yooo hoo! Boys!” came from the front door.
"Oh...What can I do for you?"
Most people (usually in movies) would stop and stare at the front door like it just told them the meaning of life is that people aren't wearing enough hats. But the twins are smarter than that. They didn't stop and stare at the door, they raced through it and down the drive way.
Sensing a battle of wits Lucian spoke up. "We were actually playing cards…poker. Lily shut it. " He smiled at them a picture of innocence. "Alright you three sit there and we'll discuss the incident."
“We were going to drive.” Sherlock snarled at his brother who quirked an eyebrow.
"Gregory…. Will you move in with me?" Mycroft asked making him grin and unclench his stomach.
this is the day that they went from their mother to Mycroft.
"NO! No camping trips Sherlock." John almost snarled and lifted one shaking hand to his forehead.
So thinking that this would be easy John took Sherlock and the kids to the baker to choose a cake. Five minutes later John figured out what hell looked like.
Also damaged my hand so writing has been hard so this chapter is going to be a short one...sorry
Both twins jolted in fear for they knew what an adult's slur meant and it was usually either drugs or alcohol. The only thing they didn't know was which of them he was going to harm first. To make matters worse this seemingly doped up man was blocking their only exit out of the room. "Alright you said good night now go to bed before you fall down." Came a lighter tone from behind Sherlock making him visibly jump. "Sorry you two but he fell asleep on the couch and wanted to say goodnight before going to bed. Sorry if he startled you we'll see you in the morning." John smiled at them before pulling the tired detective out of the doorway.
"Shot…what the hell was she doing that she got shot for?" Mrs. Holmes asked her son who stared. "You are assuming that Lily was in the wrong and was shot because of something she did?" Mrs. Holmes nodded curtly. "Of course with her background she must have done something to deserve her wound."
"I know thank you Lexy…oh I wanted to introduce you to Sherlock, my boyfriend and our kids Lily and Lucian." John said as he introduced the bouncy female to his family.
"What's its name?"
“Well you took out the sensors.”
The next morning John and Sherlock were faced with two raging headaches, one pair of handcuffs, and two twins holding a glass of water in one hand and two paracemetol in the other. "Take these, drink this...your shirts are ridiculous..." Both said at the same time before turning around and walking back to their room to laugh at their misfortune. "I blame you, you know."
"Oh…well…hmmm…Gregory?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
An older woman caught sight of the twins and ambled over onto a cane.
DONT YELL AT ME!
HELP ME PICK THE DESIGN OF THE WEDDING CAKE AND COLOR SCHEME! I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING!
"Alright I will have a talk with them about...rules and such." Sherlock muttered as he dragged his friend into his lap and rub his back to hopefully sooth the bloggers raw nerves. "I promise to speak to them then take appropriate disciplinary measures if needed. It will all be fine i promise." Sherlock murmured gently as he felt his John relax against him. "Those two are way too much like you...Where the hell did they get that much Glycerin anyways?" John groaned as Sherlock started to knead his back making the detective chuckle gently.
"Alright Lily this is going to be your room here and Lucian you are right across the hall from her. Kyle will be staying for a week and he will be in the room right next to Lucian. Any questions?" Mycroft asked as he helped bring in the luggage. "Not yet." Lily grumbled and sat down on her bed to pout.
"Do you remember Mike Seabra? He was the one who won that science fair a few years back?"
Sherlock listened silently as his daughter recounted her story after he bandaged her arm. "Then I ran home... though I believe I lost the four armed men somewhere along the way as I didn't see them for a few blocks before I got home." She said making him smile. "Lily that was EXTREMELY intelligent of you...only I believe those men in the sedan might have been Mycrofts...but better safe than sorry." He said then froze when an unpleasant thought occurred to him. "Oh don't worry I stole a phone on the way here and called the school, they put me in contact with Lucian who knows not to go home until someone he recognizes comes to pick him up." She smiled at her father.
"Let me guess, Mycroft might have told HIM about it…" John asked gently as his lover grimaced and stiffened at the same time. How he did that John would never know. "I honestly do not know…I'll ask him tomorrow." Sherlock rumbled into John's chest. "Will you tell him about the music box?" John asked even knowing what the answer would be. "Of course not John! Why would I tell him anything?" Sherlock grumbled lifting his head to stare at his lover.
"What are you doing?" She whispered as he tugged a blanket around her. "Shush. Now tell me what's wrong." He said whispered back. "I…I'm just…"
Lexy was a thin woman with black hair that was down to her shoulders. She smiled brightly as she waltzed into the house and (ignoring the searing glare thrown by Sherlock) hugged John tightly. "I am so sorry John I know you and he were close especially with…"
"Doctor patient confidentiality" The twins said together making Sherlock wish for a twin to do that with.
“See! I knew that something was up with these two!” Anderson almost shouted, gesturing to the twins that were trying to get away from him but were trapped in the kitchen with the M.E. in between them and freedom.
"No Sherlock that was very very good." John smiled up at his love not noticing the children giving each other air high fives from behind the couple.
"Why is everyone so concerned for you? I mean they usually just show concern for the descendants of the deceased and not the nephews and nieces…right?" John sighed at the question.
"Sherlock don't just dump the draw into the box!"
"Like I said you're an idiot. Now let's go let him get a walk and feed him. Obviously he's going to start scratching at the door being cooped up in a room Sherlock. But that's not important what you should have done is come to me and told me."
The older woman gave Lily a glare before turning to waive a teenager over to them. "Niki…*^%&$ #* # &&$%$& *%^# * $ #"
Sherlock thought and leaned back, ready for John to take over…and he really liked it when Captain Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers came out to play.
“You consider him a friend?”
"The violin case isn't air tight. The damp would get in and not only ruin the strings and bow but it would also warp the wood. That violin would never sound the same again."
Love Always
“Alright since the other therapist was scared off you two are going to another one. John remarked as He and Sherlock escorted their children to yet another therapist.
"Hopefully tower of London if not the bottom of the Thames." Lily's voice made even the iceman flinched. She did not like this woman not one bit.
Lily gave the detective inspector a strange look before turning to his son. "Does he always talk like that?" She questioned making him nod. "Alright what needs to be discussed?"
Wish you love, bunnies and kittens
For the first time since John had met him, Sherlock was speechless. “Hold on one second. Why did she wait until now to bring them to your attention? No offense to the children but they are obviously teenagers.” John asked.
"Well don't lie and this won't happen."
Julia goggled as the list continued to describe the twins and their many issues that just seem to grow.
"Do not worry John I will get them out, go inside and have a cuppa and relax I'll take care of everything." Sherlock announced and pressed his John towards the door and went to retrieve his plotting children from the car.
"She called the twins devil children."
Lily and Lucian crept down to the fuse boxes where Lily placed her device next to the opened panel. "Watch this." She whispered excitedly as she rapidly turned on and off the device only to wait for a moment before turning it on.
"What?" Lily rasped as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes just in time to see her father, brother and John run into the room.
Lucian ended up staying for a few hours before Sherlock started yawning and was sent to bed. "Was that everything?" John asked with a conspiratorial giggle.
The meal went quickly after that with Lucian and Moriarty talking with Lily's words coming few and far between.
"Lily wants soup but Lucian wants me to go away…" Sherlock flustered at the doctor who took all this in stride. "Then give the soup to Lily, give Lucian his art pad and then leave him alone…just because they share the same room doesn't mean that one over rides the other…" John said as he leaned against the counter watching his lover go and do the fifteen year olds bidding.
go up to the tower control if they found their way up there, we are all in trouble?” Sherlock interjected having heard enough.
John sighed as he laid back against the cool bedding. Two weeks in Northern Ireland with only his husband sounded like heaven. The bags had already been brought up to their room in the small bed and breakfast and his new husband was currently in the bathroom washing off 'aeroplane germs'. John was definitely in heaven right now especially because Sherlock made him shower first (Which rarely happened) so he knew that his love was trying to be romantic. Which he will think later on as the bed was oh so soft.
Lucian and Lily sat in their seats. Both teens had decided to sink down and look
"Plus we have no way to light it unless you want to try that shoe string with a stick thing...which won't work in this damp." Lily remarked giving her brother a droll stare.
Until it wasn't.
Hello my lovely! I do hope you liked my present! M
"Doesn't everyone?" Lily asked as she followed her father down the stairs. "A little bit." Sherlock smiled gently as he tried to remember where John had kept his gun. Suddenly he stopped and turned towards his daughter. "You don't like her do you?" He asked making her glare.
"No I don't think it's alright for your offspring to grab my daughter and accost her. I think it's
John thanked his time in the military for the ability to keep a straight face in normal times. He thanked it again when he saw all the flour caked hand-prints decorating Mycrofts back.
"No properly heated water."
"They look so happy together." Lucian smiled at his sister who grinned back before pulling him towards the balcony to watch the couple laugh and dance. "I"m glad we got to meet them."
“Watch your mouth young lady.”
“Looks like it. He just dropped a shit ton of money on just clothes for us. But I don’t know what he’ll want in return Luce.” The girl said, using her voice for the first time in what seemed like days.
John walked down stairs to find Mycroft and Sherlock faced off with a seething Lavonia. "Sherlock…You need to go up stairs…the twins need you." Was all he said as he walked forward to slap the children's mother. "John!" Mycroft exclaimed.
And they come to us for advice? I thought they were smarter than that.
"Why is that bad?"
"John…Why has the tea changed?"
"You do realize that they are going to kill us right?" Lucian asked his sister who lounged on the bed. "But did you see the look on Tinsdales face when he started the engine and his car still didn't move even though he gunned it?! PRICELESS!" she roared in laughter. "Still…Sherlock and John aren't going to be happy with us…" Lucian replied laying next to his sister.
Sherlock looked around and pretended to that he did not hear anything but John was not fooled.
A few weeks later (A week before the wedding)
"Do you prefer two single beds or bunk beds?" John asked gently ignoring the two bickering geniuses in the background.
Sherlock and the twins looked confused and when Lexy tried to explain John put up a fuss. "Come on "Lex, please don't I ju-" Sherlock covered his lovers mouth with one hand and motioned for her to continue.
"what of them?"
John and Sherlock sat at the head of the table talking quietly between themselves, obviously trying to figure something out. "No I don't understand who wrote this. My vows aren't in my handwriting. I know I didn't write them down."
If you EVER come near my daughter I will hunt you down and I will END YOU
"Oh yea?"
Hearse deliver coffin to church coffin put on stretcher type thing pall bearers will carry it to church after service to graveyard piper pipes the coffin into the grave friends and family are read out and step forward to take hold of the lowering ropes then throw small handful of dirt on top of coffin.
“It is isn’t it? I thought it would be a hindrance to them, fighting like that.”
Male will not talk if female will do so for him
"Did they ever get the doors unlocked?" He asked making her chuckle. "Eventually and Mr. Hilson's room still smells like chickens." She laughed.
Sherlock gave him an annoyed look. "If they weren't in one place and just running around then Moran wasn't laying in wait for them. I think that he was just there to do some recon when BAM!" He said and slammed his palm against the table making everyone jump. "His targets just fell into his lap."
"I can't find the off button!" He yelled as the radio started to turn up all by itself. "Unplug it!" She cried.
"Yes?"
Sherlock waived a hand in the air cutting him off midstream. “Yes yes I’m the detective who faked my death, heard it a thousand times before. Now we have about two hours to clear this mess up as our flight has been delayed.”
that should be all of it other than some general angst in this chapter so here you go :)
"I'm going to check the security cameras."
Sàlçone Destrivina
Greg's hair was plastered onto his head and he leaned back in the seat to raise his face to the air vent. His suit showed signs of wear and some patches of sweat had begun to show.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
not an actual chapter just a bit of fun I wrote for a fan :)
The twins spent the night with Sherlock and John out in the living room. All they did was talk, eat and watch movies.
"Well ask!" he laughed, finding her reluctance to speak adorable. "What is it you do?" She whispered then hid her face behind her book.
Warning A: mentions of child abuse
John nodded then looked towards Sherlock. "Doesn't this place have a garden?"
Lily turned to eye the assassin giving him a grim smile. "You know what Sebby? I really can't believe that you fell for that whole 'I'm so sweet and innocent' charade. Kind of stupid don't you think?" She smirked and resumed her usual stance with arms crossed and one hip cocked out.
"Oh go soak your head."
“I’m not sure he wants anything. And even if he did, I don’t know that his boyfriend would be alright with it.”
She then grabbed an iron rod she found in the supply cabinet (when they supply they aren't actually joking) and wrapped the copper wire around it, binding it with adhesive tape that she stole off of Lucian (don't tell).
"Here it comes." Lucian whispered in Lily's ear as they watched Neil place a crown of twigs on his head and close his eyes. "I know…we should get out of here." Lily whispered back as they watched the teen pull a pistol out of their father's desk and cast their eyes towards John and Sherlock, waiting for the precise moment to make their escape.
"Thetwinsfoundhiminanaleywayinatrashcanandtheycouldntjustleaveittherejohn!Sotheytookhimhomebecausetheydidn'tknowofanyanimalsheltersandi'vebeentakingcareofitwhiletheyareatschoolandthey'vegrownsofondofit! Andit'scuteanddidn'tmakeanynoiseuntiltodaybecauseyouarehomebuti'llhelpthemtakecareofitand-"
"Shakespeare."
“And you’re alright with this?”
Lestrade knew the signals that he was being ignored and only smiled at the detective. "How is Scotland yard?"
"Still sucks though."
ALright peoples...found out that there is a 'rich text'  button...so yea it's going to look a bit different from here on out and when you have finished reading this chapter i need you to remember one thing
“Uh.” Out of everything Greg thought he would find in the flat, two teenagers was not one of them. “John…What is going on?”
"Okay probably not the best of times to annoy Dad." Lucian muttered as he and his sister sat on their beds where they had been exiled after their impetuous comments. "Honest question though."
don't kill me please remember that there is a method to my madness...or is it a madness to my method?? *walks off humming the Imperial March*
Tomorrow.
"I can't believe you two!" John snapped at the twins who had the decency to look ashamed, not that anyone could tell with all the ingredients they were covered in. Sherlock frowned at his tone and gave him a curious look. "I missed what happened..."
John walked over and unplugged the blender then he turned off the mixer that was coughing out the white powder everywhere.
"No…Actually I'm pretty sure if she and Justin Bieber had a kid it would be the anti Christ…" She smiled making him smile back at her. "Good…They aren't very good role models…" he said then jumped as the front door opened to John entered the flat.
"God Sherlock!" John growled as Sherlock rubbed hard against him.
"Sherlock sit down, you giving yourself a panic attack isn't going to help the situation so SIT DOWN AND EAT SOMETHING!" John shouted then gave a curt nod when the detective instinctively sat down. Sherlock then noticed what he did and swore, loudly. "How is eating supposed to help John? I mean Moriarty is somewhere out there and HE HAS MY CHILDREN!" Sherlock almost screamed then pressed his face into Johns shoulder, grabbing onto the fabric of his jumper. "I don't know what to do John…I just don't know." He whimpered as John turned in his seat to wrap his arms around the detective's shoulders.
"No now hush and go lie by your bowl."
Lavonia Kingsdale was short with long blond hair that needed to be re bleached and caked on make up to cover the leathery appearance of her skin as well as the yellow tinge brought on by years of drug abuse. "Lily Lucian! How I've missed you two!" Her voice rasped and cracked from years of smoking and when she lifted a hand to reveal her blood shot eyes Sherlock could plainly see the track marks lining her forearm, some of them very fresh.
"Oh my god and you have two children? The poor dears!"
"I'm sorry."
Then the twins jumped backwards and down the side of the cliff.
"There's been some scratching in the walls lately...especially coming from your room."
"I love you too John, even if you are short."
“He does assist me on cases as well as working at the clinic.” Sherlock said watching as Lily nudged her brother and gave a pointed look to the violin.
Sherlock lurched over to his brother only to grab him by the shoulders leaning in to stare Mycroft in the eyes. "THEN. HUNT. HIM. DOWN."
"Anything you want, I'll have her text you from now on…if you promise to keep your phone on."
In the end the twins were proven right and the boy was put into counseling. He ended up getting beaten within an inch of his life when he had skipped town a year later. Then he turned his life around and is now a councilor himself.
"So why were you shooting at Lily?" Lucian asked making Jim blink. "SOMEONE SHOT AT MY DAUGHTER?" he practically screamed making the twins flinch. "Sir that's what I was trying to tell you before. You see Mycroft hired a sniper to go after the girl and pretend to try and shoot at her." Sebastian said making Jim frown.
Sherlock woke groggy with an unfamiliar form holding onto him. "What the...?" He asked as he looked down, the knot of panic that had formed In his chest loosened considerably when he recognized his daughters hair. "Mmnnee" She growled when he shifted and suddenly he was looking into some very sad eyes. "Sorry sweeting I fell asleep...want some soup?" He asked dumbly as the urge to pat her on the head grew until all he wanted to do is cuddle her as he rocked her sick form. I definitely have to ask John about that." He thought as he quietly made his way downstairs after his daughter nodded.
Keeping with the theme Sherlock set a brutal pace, pulling back only to slam back into John harshly making him groan.
“But the machines turned on us”
Later Lily grinned as she walked into 221 Baker street and held a finger to her lips, warning Mrs. Hudson to be silent as she quickly turned and quietly shut the door by turning the handle until the door was closed then releasing the knob, sliding the latch into place.
After a hearty lunch they went back to the flat where Sherlock and John realized that there were only two rooms in the flat.
The secretary was aghast while the children laughed before apologizing for their bad behavior then giving him a hug goodbye.
At this both twins looked up from their plates to study each other and with a brisk nod they got up to join the conversation.
"Yay rabbit fodder." Lucian said as he ambled over.
Lily blinked at her grandfathers gentle smile. She did not know how to handle this man so she did what anyone would do in her current situation. She imitated John, giving him a curt nod before shuffling away.
"I thought we'd try something new Sherlock."
"Sherlock…if you don't want this to happen or change anything then it won't…" He said then kissed his detective slowly.
The kitchen was a disaster. There was flour EVERYWHERE including all over the twins. There were baking utensils covering the kitchen table (which was covered in flour) and from the looks of it, the blender was trying very hard to eat everything in reach.
"Come along children, let's get the bags out of the car, John's making tea…Lily you can have something else if you wish." He said as he went over to pop open the boot of the car.
"Yea I don't want those back I'll give dad mine if I have too."
Then they struck the final blow.
From: Blond Sniper
"Sensable concidering all that I do with my hands..."
John was shocked at this and could only stare at the twins.
"Oh nothing I was just thinking that it would be best for the species that you don't procreate… that might be one gene pool too many…" Lily answered making Sherlock smile. "Besides it's a criminal statistic that you are more likely to be victimized by a so called friend then a stranger."
~~__~~
"It was good no one died or poisoned themselves this time." Lucian grinned as he slipped a flask in his pocket, unnoticed by Sherlock but not by John. "I mean it is that time of year where all the students are bored with the subject and just want to take off for holidays." he grinned.
"Your father is magic lets leave it at that." John grinned as he saw Lucian to the door.
"it's alright love you can open your eyes now." John murmured softly as he brushed a gently hand over the girls sweat soaked hair. Slowly Lily open her eyes to reveal tired and foggy green orbs. "What hurts love?" John whispered as he continued to sooth.
"In what world was that not weird?" He asked making her smile. "I think he doesn't have a lot of experience with children or with teenagers…but what about what happened earlier? Why would those two believe that we were kidnapped to the point of threatening Sherlock?" He asked quietly as Lily scooted closer.
I am bound to you I am bound to
the twins are totally me about that.
The entire kitchen was covered in what looked like flour and there was a trail of it into the living room.
Moriarty blinked at the sudden question then placed the heel of his hand against his eyebrows. "Oh I am sooo sorry! I forgot to introduce myself! My name is James Moriarty...but there are those who call me...Jim! But I would prefer father...or dad...or daddy even da would work!" He smiled gleefully.
John fixed tea as Sherlock pushed Lestrade out of the door and turned to face the kids. “I am so sorry about that. Are you two alright?” He asked, his voice soft.
Sometimes he felt as if he were raising three children instead of two. “Alright lets go and grab one,” He smiled and linked his hand with Sherlock’s as the twins led them through the air port.
“What does that mean?”
Lucian watched as Lily tensed and tried to curl into herself, covering her ears to drown out the screams coming from the other room.
After sending the twins off to make their beds John shoved Sherlock onto the couch. "You wanted a crash course in human interaction well here is a foot note you do NOT yell the fact that your daughter is menstruating at all never mind in a public place. That is an extremely delicate thing for a woman!" John hissed making Sherlock chuckle. "True but did you see how fast she responded? She even threw my own words back at me!" Sherlock smiled pulling his blogger down beside him. "And before you tell me that it wasn't the point…it was."
"Mycroft."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know they can be trying sometimes."
"John loan me a hundred..."
“But he said no”
“He really wants to keep us.” Lucian remarked as he held his sisters’ hand.
Every time they had asked Lily a question Lucian was the one who answered. That was when they saw them.
“Alright that part is done. Now for the ribs. I’ve seen the x-ray and the only thing that would be remotely helpful would be to bind them. I’m going to stay behind you and pass the gauze from front to back.” John said, keeping her modesty in mind, not seeing her gaze flicker to her brothers.
~~__~~ “Sir your children were breaking into an CAA building…”
“Turned on us”
"Yes dear?"
"Why do we have to be slaves?" Lucian asked as Lily led them down a corridor. "Because I have the sword…how about I call you my prisoners instead?" She smirked then frowned at the look the boys shared. "Hey Lily? What happens when prisoners are mistreated?" Kyle asked then smiled at her confused look.
"So what is Achfary?"
"You see Seb? I don't need you to protect me, I can do it myself. Plus you made one HUGE mistake you see. "
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"What she had been trained in martial arts or was a highly trained assassin?" she countered smiling at her new friend. "Those are special circumstances…a man should never initiate it." He responded hesitantly then frowned at her thoughtful look.
"Now I believe both John has prepared a small speech. Please go a head." The minister announced and took a step back to allow them some room.
Harriet stared at the venomous little girl who was currently having what looked like a very serious conversation with Sherlock. "Uncle Shamus died…he's asked to be buried in Scotland and for you to be a pole barer…"
It means there is smut afterwards so if you don't wish to read it, skip it
John slapped a hand over his lovers mouth as he kept talking. "Love I was going to say that is so sweet of course you guys can come but the kids aren't coming to the actual funeral…they can stay with Lexy."
John couldn’t believe it when Sherlock had texted him at the clinic and was a little mad that he missed such a break through.
“It was your idea
“Long ways, almost 30 Kilometers.” Niki responded and not so subtly moved away from Sherlock.
"Sherlock what is going on? Why are you so flustered?" John asked gently as he tried to sooth his friend.
Take Moriarty for example, he had just told Lucian that he was a criminal mastermind and had gone on about his work, revealing details that should never have been revealed. He also just destroyed his own plan by calling Sherlock 'their father', oops.
Squeeze
From Lucian
aren’t. Mycroft is.” Sherlock said gleefully as he pulled out a black credit card and swiped it.
"But-"
Mainly bunnies though.
"The bed is too low to the ground!"
Do you Sherlock Holmes take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
“Alright now for pens and pencils and rulers and such.” John said as he guided the children to the next aisle and a few minutes later wished that Sherlock or even Mycroft were here to reign the kids in over the debate over pens.
Lily looked down into her fathers eyes and gave a huge sigh before nodding her head.
Feedback is always appreciated.
"Until we found him a home"
Female and male
alright heres the thing I honestly hate the word 'homophobe' as they aren't scared of homosexuals...they're just assholes... but their teacher is the epitome of asshole but you can't call them that (I've tried and it only gets you into trouble) so there you go on with the chapter :)
"Alright this is a sample platter of different cakes. The first row is of a sponge cake, the second is a type of angel cake and the third is a butter cake. The flavors from left to right are vanilla, chocolate, spice, carrot, pineapple, banana, strawberry and raspberry. Bon Apatite."
Sherlock led John up the stairs of 221B Baker street feeling like he was walking on air. His John had said yes and was willingly marrying him.
"How about having the wedding in the summer under a canopy? That way it wont be stifling in there and if it rains there's a rain cover. Plus it would be cooler than standing under the sun." Lily spoke up making John run over and kiss her forehead.
“If the suit doesn’t kill her I will.” Lucian swore and stood to pace the small room.
"Why is Sherlock pouting now?" Lestrade asked as he and his son got into the car. "He doesn't want to go to the manor and just lost a fight with Mycroft over it." Lily helped as she then turned her attention to Kyle in order to ignore her father who was pulling Johns phone out of his hand. "Oh relax its only Harry and you don't even want to talk to her right now." He snapped and turned the conversation elsewhere.
Soon there came a knock at the door which disturbed their peaceful world.
The woman gaped at the boy as the flight attendant walked back over.
“Well you could have said!”
"Sherlock."
John and Sherlock stared at his sister while Lucian only sighed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
seriously keep that in mind...m'kay?
Soon they were rolling around while John grappled with Sherlock's shirt, each groping and pressing sloppy kisses to each other's skin when Sherlock suddenly yelled making John pale. "Crap! Sorry!" John muttered then shrunk back at the stare. "You bit me."
"Obviously not now let me up!"
"Had him only a few hours"
All four of them took a bite then tried not to laugh when Lily automatically started to scrape her tongue off. "Oh my god...that's definitely chocolate..." She huffed and gladly took the glass of milk offered her. "You do not like chocolate?" The baker asked and sighed when she shook her head. "Not like chocolate?! Lily you're an alien!" Lucian smiled at her making her growl and poke him with her fork. "Alright children, here is the next cake to try. It's a lemon royal icing with vanilla sponge cake. It's simple and a little on the sweet side."
"England...No Greece." The man pronounced very carefully. Then looked towards the woods from whence they came. "You come from big house?"
John smiled gently at Sherlock before pulling him into a hug. "This is why I love you, you insane man."
"Signora, We don't speak Greek…" Lily tried to tell her then mimed talking on a phone. "Need phone…please."
"I do believe John that you have to be naked as well for this to work."
Then the lights went out.
"Should be, guys an idiot. On the second day we were there I got him to show me his rifle."
"I have no idea, you can do some awesome drawings though, you now have time for it since we're out of school and don't have any homework."
"You like it when I lick you. But anyways, of course they won't go to the actual funeral part it will be far to cold for them and then they'll get bored. But I'll be at your side while they do…kid…stuff…"
"do people wear skirts there?"
"Is she-"
"John do you think this was a good idea?" Sherlock asked quietly while he watched his offspring walk away. "Of course, this way they like their bedding…But that's not what you were talking about was it?" John asked gently, leading his best friend over to one of the tables.
"Yea I don't think she ever got that eye bleach she asked for either." John grinned as he walked over to put a baton in Lucians coat pocket.
“Well if you want to pull out your maths binder then it’s easier to think that you need a red or yellow then flipping through all the other binders before you find it.”
Suddenly Lucian raised his hand making the adults frown. “Yes Lucian?” Mycroft asked seeming exasperated.
"Hey what's the matter?" Mycroft heard and made the mistake of turning towards the voice, his mouth going dry.
Sherlock would never admit it but he jumped a mile when she surprised him.
"Oh you are such a sicko…How long have you been holding them for? And I thought that you John had the decency to not let him do this." Sally said as Anderson came down stairs followed by two very confused twins. "It's alright we'll get you home." She said sweetly to the twins only to turn towards the detective with a snarl. "You are a sick fuck, kidnapping kids like this.
"Yes."
"Oh no…not you I was talking to the men and their children, now if you four will please follow me…"
From Lucian
"But the bugs..."
Properly chastised the Detective never did fall asleep while watching the children. Not for fear of what they would do but fear over what JOHN would do. And that frightens him more than anything else.
“They will stay here.” Sherlock said staring at the…
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Very tired?"
“What?!” Came the indignant cry from under the table where the detective was no doubt pretending to clean.
What Is wrong with me? She asked herself as she caught herself falling asleep in French class. "Mademoiselle Holmes! Reveiller!" Madam Riesen demanded as she stood at the head of the class. "Je suis desole Madam Riesen Je suis fatigue." Lily responded with a yawn making the professor eye her skeptically. "Your French Is very good for someone who just started taking this course." She commented making Lily shrug.
"NO."
"And you believe this?" Lucian asked voicing the thought he knew was rattling around in Lily's head. Kyle nodded his head but before he could answer the question verbally there came a shout from down stairs.
“Yes. I work with Scotland Yard.”
Once in the black car, (There seemed to be an unlimited number of black cars at his disposal) Mycroft informed everyone that they were to stay at the British Embassy until they find the twins. The staff had already been informed about their situation and was eager to help in any way they could.
to keep it up here. Do we have an understanding?!” She said making him grumble and nod.
“I want one..” Sherlock whined then looked down at John through his lashes.
John walked over and unplugged the blender then he turned off the mixer that was coughing out the white powder everywhere.
"But its full of Chinese people who live there…"
"Where did they go?" Molly asked herself when she came back to her office to find it vacant.
yea sorry about the odd update times but...life is all about plans that go Haywire...
Down the hall Lucian was raging. "And she just doesn't get it! What am I supposed to do?" He fumed before dropping dramatically into the chair across from the desk.
Greg paled at this before Sherlock scoffed. "He didn't need your help Greg that was just an excuse because he missed you." he said making Mycroft flush.
“Yes…they are definitely your children there Sherl…Luckily I know of another but would like your input on him…”
While Lucian had a look of 'aw that's adorable' on his face Lily looked embarrassed.
The twins spoke one right after the other and Jim tried not to snap his neck from one to the other as they spoke. "Thank you."
“We were trying to make a cake”
The twins had the requested items within a few hours of their petition.
“What?”
"And tiny!
Both grooms woke up on their wedding day with a small headache and faced with one twin holding two pain killers and a glass of water. "Drink this, take these."
So he just drove on, following the onboard GPS to Achfary in the highlands.
I'm strong and I'm sure, there's a fire in us
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Hello kids."
"Yes I was just informed that three children in one room make noise and as you three were especially quiet I was wondering what you were getting up too." The detective asked and everyone sat back to watch the banter between father and daughter.
The next morning found Sherlock waiting (impatiently) for his offspring to descend the stairs, eager to show them his new experiment concerning the tensile strength of spider webbing before they left for school. "Er...Hey..." Lucian started off as he was met with the Image of his father.
"I know John! That's what I've been trying to say!" Sherlock said as he pulled John's hand from his mouth. "I just wished to make my feelings on this matter known. As soon as you are ready I wish to marry you. But if you do not wish to marry then I am happy just to be with you."
“Alright everything is now in the room and I am not sure what we are supposed to do now.” Sherlock said as he handed the skull to his daughter.
"Ah that one was commissioned by a writer and his wife for their anniversary." A smiling young woman came over to smile at the family. "The frosting you see...the one you described as 'paper' is actually fondant rolled extremely thin and layered over the tiers. Was especially difficult to do as the Fondant kept ripping but I think the final product was worth it." Lucian blinked at the woman before shuffling off to half-hide behind his fathers. "As informative as that was we have an appointment for a cake tasting." Sherlock sighed and tried not to glare as the woman made eyes at John. "Yea they need a wedding cake..." Lily piped up making the woman sigh in defeat. "The baker is in the back room...You did request a private tasting did you not?" She asked then led them into the kitchen for their cake tasting.
Might as well Lucian said silently with a quirk of his eyebrow. One more chance? That's all he gets with me. Lily responded with a stare and a tap of her finger. "Alright…" Lucian responded as they cautiously followed their father out of the train yard and back to 221b Baker street.
“I’m packing for Scotland, which you two should be doing as well.” He said with a sigh and ignored the two muttering behind him. “We’ve already finished packing…”
"Yea right as if anyone would willingly want to go to bed with you. Now sweetheart, where is your mother?" Anderson asked as he managed to grab Lily around the upper arm, almost knocking her off balance with the force of his grab.
Bribery.
"Be nice if we could call dad."
“Turned on us”
John smiled at this idea and walked over to kiss his fiance. "Good idea, I'll get them...if you don't already have them."
“I am in agreement with Sarah on this. They’ve been subjected to much in their life and I fully believe having you tend to any injuries would be the best idea.” Sherlock remarked turning to look at the sleeping children on the couch.
“Great now we have company…” John remarked as he pulled himself to his feet and rubbed his lower back. “Evening John, where is…What happened here?” Mycroft asked staring at the three figures covered in white powder.
"Everything but the cuffs."
"Yes seriously...Let's go William."
"I haven't heard the kids in a while." John remarked then glared at the scoff that Sherlock threw at him. "Relax John they're probably just playing at the other end of the manor."
"Yes."
"Oh for heaven's sake I DID NOT KIDNAP THEM!" Sherlock shouted making everyone flinch. "Those are MY CHILDREN!" He was getting highly annoyed with the train of conversation but even more so at how they were scaring the kids.
"Lily."
(See the end of the chapter for
Without thinking John reached for his wallet to loan his lover some pounds before he realized that Sherlock had meant the monopoly money. "Sherlock that's against the rules." He scolded making Sherlock sigh.
"Alright we have a winner!" John announced joyously making Sherlock and the twins smile.
children. Then did something that surprised both his brother and his blogger. He knelt in front of the children.
“I’m celebrating.” Harry grinned and took a sip of her coffee. “John today marks a year sober.”
"Well that's going to be easy…there's nothing here." She muttered back then turned to look at their fathers. "But you're right, we should try to behave…I mean it's hard on John already…crap here comes dad."
~~~~~~______________~~~~~~
“Who did she bribe to get a job here?”
If Lily felt tired the next day It was quickly disregarded as the product of a fitful night. By lunch, however, she knew something was off as the exhaustion she had been feeling that morning had not burnt off as It usually did. Instead It only seemed to grow worse.
"No obviously the dog is fine Lucian."
Suddenly they weren't in the woods any more. Not a proper woods anyway. These woods had strange trees filled with green and black berries. "What the hell is that smell?" Lucian asked out loud and cursed as his sister shrugged.
"Alright, I've held off long enough. Lily…" Sherlock announced making the twins stare. "I have to know…how DO you make an EMP out of a disposable camera?"
“Obviously.”
“It’s simple John I don’t sleep much, you do. So, you can sleep in my bed and when I need to I can just kip on the couch. Simple.”
"How the hell am I supposed to know? Where does the term 'dead as a door nail' come from?"
"Oh god…Sh-Sherlock…PLEASE!" John sobbed as he felt those fingers retreat only to have something bigger take their place and slide inside of him. "OH GOD!"
After giving the twins a look of warning Sherlock let them out of the car and began the walk towards the funeral parlor, reaching out to hold John's hand gently.
"But no one is like everyone else."
.” Sherlock snarled and turned to face the kids. “My name is Sherlock as you know by now. What are your names?”
"Engagement rings? Yes or no?"
"You wake them up! You're the one that found it!" came the hissing voice of Lucian making John chuckle. Okay time to get up he thought to himself as he started to lift himself up only to be pulled back into the arms of his flat mate. "No…comfy." Sherlock grumbled and pinned his doctor to his side. John chuckled realizing that the detective was not going to let him up. With a quick jab of his elbow John managed to get released and he rolled to his feet smiling at the grumble behind him. "Oh yea that'll go well 'I know you had a long night with that case and everything but there's a strange device on the table and we don't know what it is! Let them sleep it isn't smoking or anything." Lily hissed back making john smile and Sherlock grumble. "Fine I'll get up." He pouted making John chuckle.
"Oh. 'Ello." came a little voice from behind a hedge and Sherlock and John turned to find a small girl peeking from beneath the bush. "Siobhan! Where are you girl?" Yelled a very unhappy feminine voice making the girl flinch. Suddenly a large woman came through the brush to stare at John and Sherlock. "Ello, 'ave you seen a girl 'round 'ere? She's yellow 'air and wearin a blue dress." The woman spoke and John could see Sherlock flinching at her accent. "She's underneath the bush. Just there." John said helpfully then flinched back at the scorn in the woman's eyes. "Jus' great all we needed were some more British invading our isle." She sneered before she grabbed the girl by the arm and towed her away. John frowned at Sherlock who shrugged in return. "She's Scottish." was all the detective said as he led them back to the bed and breakfast where their meal was surely on the table.
"Yea right as if anyone would willingly want to go to bed with you. Now sweetheart, where is your mother?" Anderson asked as he once again tried to touch Lily.
Squeeze
“I don’t know I’d have to ask my brother for their medical files. But considering their mother a full physical might be a good idea.”
"Actually ignore that…do you have any questions for us?" Lily was too busy watching the way the tea coated the inside of the cup to answer so Lucian shook his head.
"I do love."
"Who would leave a bomb on a coffee table set to detonate only when their target figured out how to turn it on?" Lily scoffed. "That's insane!"
"But-
"Maybe more that 'Think'" Sherlock grinned as his brother glared at them.
"Why did you do that?" Sherlock asked as Greg was heading out the door. "Sherlock you have done a hell of a lot for the department…you're the only reason that us three still have jobs and I am man enough to admit it, plus you're the only reason that I'm alive right now….I never thanked you for that have I? Well I'm doing it now…thank you Sherlock for saving my life…"
"That's because Mycroft is a git."
John held up his free hand forcing the detective to take a breath. "So basically the twins found him, brought him home and you all have been hiding him because...you all thought I'd make you give him up?"
"They scare me sometimes."
Sherlock walked forward and wrapped his fingers around her wrist to pull her onto the couch and into his embrace. "I know love…but John and I will be there to protect you two. We won't leave her alone with you unless you ask it of us, I promise." He murmured into her hair.
Anyways please help me come up with a name for the sequel...please? otherwise it's liable to end up as 'twincity' or something stupid like that And before you ask my Moriarty didn't shoot himself in the friggin face so yes he will be back. Anyways this is the very last chapter besides the epilogue...
Sweet love so pure
END OF 29!
“I can see the appeal to that. Lucian pick this one.” She said as she grabbed a sketchbook from his hand and put the other back.
Do you have the rings?
~~__~~
WARNINGS: SMUT AHEAD SMUT SMUT SMUT SMUT!
"Oh those are nice…Is there anything else you need?" Sherlock asked only to look confused at Lily's blush. "Why are you…Oh OH! Alright Sherlock you stay here with Lucian…no offense but you're not the most sensitive of people." John said as he led Lily over to the feminine hygiene products. "Grab what you need alright?"
“What are you going to do to us?” Lucian asked, not taking his eyes off the doctor.
THE END
But before he could ask if it was too hard John grabbed his ass and ground their erections together making the detectives head roll back into his skull. "Oh!"
"No."
I'm sorry I didn't mean to shout...have some cookies...
“Find a way in ourselves” Lily sighed and tried to pull away from the Marshel who just held tighter.
“Alright we would like to hear what the children have to say.” The head barrister finally stated. She fast rising up and not through any dishonest means.
Both of them jumped up and looked at the door. "Lucians turn I guess..." Sherlock said as he eyed the door. "Oh no don't even think of leaving me with two sick teenagers...I swear I'll lock you out and have Mycroft pick you up." John threatened then sighed at the look Sherlock gave him. "I just hope he's not like her when he's sick..."
"YES!"
John stared at the mess in the kitchen then turned his wide eyes to the twins. He couldn’t help it, he just started laughing.
From Lucian
“You did it. You’re telling her.” John said pointing at Sherlock who winced.
"I didn't think he would be this cool."
“Just came by to see if you need anything, I know that school starts very soon so I came to see if you had everything you needed.” Mycroft remarked giving the flour strewn Sherlock a look of revulsion .
Lily shook her head making her long black hair gently bounce in front of her face.
"That should give me at least a little bit of a head start....but blood and crowds don't go together very well...FOUNTAIN!" she shouted as she quickly bolted through the falling water which should have washed away most of the blood but only managed to spread it further.
“Come in…er…tea?” John asked making Sherlock scoff. “John you are definitely the epitome of British manners.”
"Now is this only allowed on the face? Where is it not acceptable to do this?" Sherlock asked straddling Johns hips and staring down at his john in confusion while holding him down for questioning. "Sherlock there are no rules for giving affection….You just do what comes naturally." John smiled up at Sherlock who gave him a hesitant smile before gifting his john with his 'affection'.
alright peoples no I am not actually writing these (I'm importing them from my other account) so that's why you're getting a bunch of chapters at a time... the other sight has 18 chapters so bear with me alright?
"John what the hell is the matter with you?" Sherlock snapped then growled as John grabbed his face and stuck it against the window.
"Lily?" Sherlock asked gently as he opened the door to her darkened room. "What?" the Lily sized lump In the middle of the mattress rasped making him frown. "You're really sick...hold on I have something that might help." he said before sprinting down stair a long forgotten memory surfacing. "Maybe this will help?" he thought as he grabbed the Item and sprinted back to his sick daughter.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Alright what did you find?" John asked on a yawn as he came of their bedroom. "The shinny device on the coffee table." Lily said as she went through the fridge. "What shiny device?" Sherlock asked on a yawn and grimaced at the yogurt Lily was eating. "On the table…Sherlock what is this…thing?" John asked lifting a card from the table. "It's a card John what does it say?" Sherlock asked as he averted his eyes away from Lily. For some reason he couldn't stand yogurt and the Greek yogurt freaked him out.
"Sorry about them Sherlock…. and congratulations on your kids…they do look a lot like you but in a good way." Greg joked and held out a hand to Sherlock who looked at him in confusion but shook it anyway.
“Now where were we?”
"What the hell do you mean calm down?" Sherlock yelled again.
“This is them I take it?” He rumbled still staring.
“No it wasn’t”
"As facinating as that was Sherlock..."
My heart and I were buried in dust
"Kyle look at me…Your seventeen years old. The man who took my children is not only in his 30's but is also a professional assassin; you NEVER stood a chance against him now stop this." Sherlock said and before John could scold him, Kyle drew himself up. He seemed to gain some semblance of strength from Sherlock's words. "You're right; tears aren't going to help find them. What can I do?" The teenager asked making his father smile proudly.
"Sherlock, this is Lucian and Lily. Lucian and Lily this is Sherlock Holmes my younger brother, thank you John. Both of you drink your tea please while I speak to my brother in private." Mycroft smiled at the two then dragged his brother into the other room. Leaving John with the two twins.
"Mycroft…You would rather solve other people's problems than face our own. If I bring anything up to you to run off. Let's face it…you don't want to be with me even if it's just subconsciously. " he responded sounding hurt and defeated. "What gave you that impression?" Mycroft asked staring at his boyfriend. "Oh I don't know, you just freaked out about being in a locked bedroom with me for one, secondly the only thing we have done in the last few months is have dinner and then sex." He continued as Sherlock screamed 'EEEWWWW!" then ran out of the room with John following. "You don't even like my job and I just…If something doesn't change I don't see a reason for us to be together."
Mycroft stared at the twins for a second before turning towards John. “Disregard the last sentence and that’s basically what happened. But in their defense it was actually Sherlock’s fault.” John smiled
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Funny but what were you three actually doing?"
"Probably boring…wait define normal."
"That is quite enough mother." Mycroft Holmes glared as he came up behind his mother and Aunt. "Well it is true My. I mean he never even thinks about what his actions will do to the Holmes name. I mean first he started with the drug addiction now he's getting married to a commoner and has two bastard children!"
"Dull. How was yours and where are the children?"
"We weren't to tell"
lily made a portable EMP device by the way....
John smiled at this and nudged his lover off his lap. "Sherlock please call Lestrade and ask him if it really is his kid. Oh and if it is explain what happened so he doesn't get into trouble for defending Lucian." John smiled as Sherlock got up to retrieve his phone ruffling his daughter's hair as he passed.
All three men jumped as someone else knocked on the door and Sherlock shook his head at lestrades hopeful question of 'the children?'
"Dr. Lochlan Travis is the twins therapist and from what I have seen, has been very helpful to them."
“The twins were trying to bake a cake when the blender and mixer turned on them.” John explained as he handed both of twins a damp towel.
Both were asleep, which was lucky for John because he couldn't help but take some pictures.
“John I’ve been thinking…”
Lily and Lucian looked at each other in confusion.
"Bullshit."
Mycroft sighed as he realized that Gregory was going to be difficult about this. "No it's not just your imagination. What ever happened when they were in Moriarty's custody helped them get over their codependency...somewhat. Now if you will please excuse me I'll like to finish this chapter before bed. The twins have to be at Dr. Travis's by eight tomorrow."
"Hell I'm glad we put the idea in moms head." Lily grinned as she wrapped her arms around her brothers forearm. "Same here. Thought she would just give us up for adoption not actually try to find our father."
“No.”
"You love me?"
"Yea." Lucian smiled as he leaned over to rest his cheek on Lily's head. "Lily?"
~~_~~!
"Freak?" Lucian asked with a tip of his head making Sherlock take a step towards him, only to be rebuffed by Sally as Anderson tried to put his hands on Lily’s shoulders. "The tall one dear…now where is your mother?" He asked gently as Lily stepped away, narrowly avoiding his touch.
John grinned and reached out a hand to hold hers. “Harry I…I’m so proud of you! That’s amazing”
John didn’t know what to say. It physically hurt to imagine the young girl basically being hurt at all never mind tortured by their mother and felt tears well up in his eyes.
I found a man I can trust
“Alright so there’s this guy in chemistry his name is Billy. He wants me to go to the dance with him for some reason or other. I’m actually working on a theory that he’s an alien. But that’s neither here nor there. So he comes over while we are setting up for the lab we were going to have today when he starts to jostle me. So I tell him to quit it. I was measuring out the mercury for the three vials when he jostles my arm making me spill the mercury which then went down the sink and now the school is closed down for the next week while they flush the pipes. So you should be expecting a call from the school any minute now.”
"Because you have not only scare the daylights out of that little girl but you DID NOT LISTEN TO HER OR HER BROTHER! They have both said that they do not want to leave and you DID NOT LISTEN! Not only that but you both have been trying to touch her and she steps away yet Sherlock can touch her? That in or itself tells us that He did not kidnap them since I don't think they have been here long enough to develop Stockholm syndrome. Now both of you GET OUT!" Lestrade yelled, furious over the scene he had just witnessed.
"Alright no more poker...How about monopoly?" John asked trying to think of another game they could play to pass the time.
"John did you not say that we needed groceries?" Sherlock asked hesitantly while John sat on the couch to read a book. "Oh yes I did didn't I?"
"Oi!"
Sherlock opened his mouth to talk but closed it as John held up a hand again. "Nope, my turn. Yes I am a little apprehensive over have a dog in the house, especially a puppy but if you and the twins want to take care of him that's a different thing. First we need dog supplies unless you have dog dishes, a bed, and a collar and leash hiding around here somewhere."
~~~~~~______________~~~~~~
“Sir…”
~~_~~!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Well that was unpleasant." Lily remarked making them laugh.
*BZZZZ*
The next couple of days went pretty much the same way. The only respite they had from the awkward tension was Mrs. Hudson coming up for tea. Her bubbly nature breaking the tension and she even got them to smile a few times. Not that that had made Sherlock jealous and if you say so he would deny it.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Sherlock!"
"John, Sherlock, we need to find him before he goes to ground and unfortunately those two are our only way of doing so at the moment."
Both twins blinked for a moment before giving a shrug.
"Everything all right dad?" Lily asked as she and Lucian turned around in their seat to peer over the headrest.
"Oh my you two are so cute want another cookie?" Molly gushed over the twins who simply smiled at her. "No thank you but do you have any tea?" Lily asked with a bright smile making Molly gush even more. "Of course you just stay right here and I'll get some for you!"
Lily and Lucian looked at each other. "We're not a couple we're twins. I'm Lucian and this is Lily…your awfully friendly Raz" Lucian said with a tilt to his head.
"Unfortunately that happens Lily...we definitely see the worst of people in our line of work. But then there's people like John and Kyle out there who seem to make the entire world just a little brighter just by existing." Sherlock comforted.
"I missed you too...How was Greece?" He asked making her cringe.
________________________________________
"Lily did it…" Lucian immediately said as the twins walked into the living room. "Well I'm glad to see this phase is finally starting." John remarked then continued at Sherlock's curious look. "The I'm-not-going-to-get-into-trouble-for-you phase…very popular with siblings."
Chapter 50: will be the supper fluffly epilogue with Sherlock and John on their Honeymoon (Or sex holiday what ever you wish to call it) with the kids being watched, because you don't bring kids on a sex holiday that would just be weird.
It's not like they have a choice in the matter. Who else can they ask?
All four of them worked their way through the types of cake and decided that the banana and pineapple were just too weird to try before coming up with a final decision. But the twins were not ready to go as of yet. "So how do you make all these cakes?" Lily asked as she poked at the pineapple cake making it dance. "Would you like to see?" The baker smiled and led the twins into his work shop as Sherlock walked over to the bathroom.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“No he wouldn’t…would he? Why would he do that?” Sherlock got close and eyed the doctor making him smile.
same here alright have rough draft done, sticking it in his breast pocket them I'm off to bed. You have everything set up?
Sherlock froze.
John and Sherlock nodded solemnly at Mycroft. They knew better than to get their hopes up for Moriarty was a sly little devil so it may take a while before they are even able to pinpoint the twins’ location.
"Be that as it may, it's a kilt and highlanders get offended when you call it a skirt."
"Alright spill, Lil." Lucian muttered staring at his art pad. "You don't like photography."
"Alright Lily you have your flowers? Lucian your fine...Kyle you have the rings...everyone is all set..." Lily sighed and grabbed the lapels of John's dark blue suit and gave a yank making him bend over to meet her face. "Calm down, we have everything and everything is going to be fine. Now hush and let the photographer take the stupid pictures." She said making him smile. "Alright...Sherlock is at the podium and waiting...lets go John."
John blinked at the tone of Mycroft's voice. He was obviously worried. "Oh the twins came down with the flu bout three or four days ago and your brother refuses to leave their side...you know how he can get."
“Sherlock…we need to talk.” John said not wanting to open with bad news but knew that the sooner he told him, the better.
"Oh I pretended to want to apologize for being jealous over the time he spent with you."
"it's a piece of paper…" Sherlock said looking at John curiously. "Lily found this in her locker at school…you need to read it Sherlock."
"No...Go away." She mumbled from her bed. "Lily you have to eat something...otherwise you won't get better." Sherlock said as he placed the water on her bedside table. "I don't want any."
"What's going on? What is she wearing?" Sherlock asked as he walked in and John mentally curse said god. "They don't want to wear their uniforms to school and I said they had too…" John said, sending Sherlock a look that said 'agree or you're sleeping on the couch' making him stare. "I like them...why don't you want to wear them?" Sherlock obviously read his friends expression correctly and made his progeny scoff at him. "Told you he was weird." Lily snarked making Sherlock grimace. "I thought we liked weird…" Lucian asked as Lily crossed her arms. "Now it's up for debate." She grumbled before snatching her uniform and stomping up the stairs. "Alright enough of that!" John shouted up the stairs after her before placing his head on the wall with a sigh. At best it was like having two Sherlock's in the house constantly bickering, either at each other or with him. "Come here." Sherlock rumbled and pulled his blogger against his chest to stoke his hair. "Those two have been driving me up the wall all day asking if I purposely killed someone to get fired and you don't want to know what they did to the microwave. Apparently your need to experiment is genetic. There's no other excuse for it!" John babbled to his roommate.
This made Greg smile at the man. "Thank you but I don't think that's going to happen and if it does… well I know that I won't be the only one hurt."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John took his time walking back to the flat. His mind going in spirals trying to figure out a way to not only how to tell Sherlock about Lily injuries but also how to treat the little girl without causing her more pain.
Sherlock placed his arms back around his best friend, cuddling him to his chest. "I like this…" He whispered softly. He loved the feeling of his Johns warm body pressed against his even though it made him drowsy and empty headed. "Alright numpty we should get to bed your falling asleep." John muttered jolting Sherlock into wakefulness. "Wait…I have to say goodnight to them…" The detective yawned making John chuckle.
"We only have one friend, Kyle who that man left at the manor." Lucian responded as lily eyed her roast beef with contempt. "Is there something wrong with the beef?" Jim asked trying not to lose his temper.
________________________________________
“John…They were going to put Lily and Lucian in
John stared at Sherlock in disbelief. "What happened to you being married to your work?"
“in the face”
alright peoples. I apologize for the length of time it has taken me to update but I'm trying to do everything all at once. So here's a chapter to tide you over while I try to get my life in some semblance of order
"No John there aren't any new cases. What has gotten into the criminal classes these day anyways? There is no challenge anymore. I WANT A CHALLENGE!" he shouted as he flopped onto the couch trying to get comfortable.
Sherlock's back stiffened as he realized what the teen was about to do but almost immediately relaxed as John automatically started sweeping his hands down his shoulders and back only to stiffen as Mr. Perry finds the body of his son. "…Oh…Oh god…" he whispered and clung as Mr. Keating started to sob over his novel. "John…"Sherlock whispered then managed to roll them over until John was on top of him, eyes still glued to the set, tears pouring down his face as Knox gets up to join the students on the desk and the credits start to roll.
"I CAN'T!" she almost shouted at the Matron who's eyes went wide and John suddenly realized the problem. Lily can't use her arm without pain he thought and reached over to start cutting up her meal. "Lily if your arm was paining you, you should have said as much." He said as he cut up the asparagus for her. "I'm sorry but that isn't the problem…" She whispered into her lap.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock paced the sitting area of 221b, his anxiety growing with every step and it was starting to get the better of him.
"Pain aside little girl you do not raise your voice to your bet…elders!" Amalee growled from the head of the table. "Why not? You have not been my grandmother for a whole three hours and you don't even like me! So why bother vying for affection that you will ultimately refuse to give in the end? And as for you being my better…" Lily trailed off making Amalee stare and sputter at this. "Don't even bother you can sit there talking about manners and decorum and dress fitting you don't know me. But you know what Grand'Mere? I am not some doll for you to dress up and play with so don't even bother. Oh and thank you John but my lack of appetite is from the pain medication making me nauseous not the pain in my arm. So if you'll excuse me…" Her smile cracked at the seams as she fled the room, her grandfathers whisper echoing in her mind.
John blinked rapidly at the line of questioning. "Well you of course as the clone would more than likely be pure evil…or something like that." He said absentmindedly then gave an audible 'oof' as Sherlock literally threw himself at John to wrap himself around his precious blogger. "You really mean that?" he asked as he pressed his face into the crook of John's neck.
John and Sherlock sat in the front seat, John driving. Every once in a while Sherlock would reach over to place his hand on John's knee, hoping that there was something that he could do to help the man with his grief. But alas there was not anything he could do to help the man as of yet.
"Greg it's 38 degrees in there and she's in a full suit and heels. You could have had her text me from the
"Alright I don't understand so help me out with this one." Lucian said, the sound of the rushing water covering his words. "Luce, that guy has cameras EVERYWHERE inside that place. He is definitely lying about being our father and about Sherlock I know that much." Lily said and sat down on one of the large rocks that laced the water's edge. "This place is most definitely a gilded cage." She said then continued at Lucian's confused look. "You know looks like a dream house but it's still a prison."
"Hey freaks? Where did you get that look the zoo?"
"Anyways how are we poor?" the twins said together and looked at the woman.
Both men were holding hands while Sherlock played on his phone and John read a book on his kindle.
ME: knock knock
They almost collapsed when they saw the line of trucks and cars going past them on the asphalt.
I see its working
Sherlock smiled faintly at the memory. It seemed so long ago that the twins were teenagers. "Come here." He said as he laid back against her headboard and smiled as she laid back against his chest, smiling as he started to read to her.
"LILY!" came a gruff call making her turn and smile over her shoulder.
~~__~~
The detective hesitated before pressing his mouth to the corner of Johns and after seeing his best friends eyes glaze and dilate in pleasure, pressed his lips firmly to Johns.
"Who's Anderson?" Lucian asked as Lily handed john a coffee cup and an egg in a basket making him stare. "The prick who said that you two were kidnapped…"John frowned at Sherlock's language but only sighed. "The male or the female?" Lily asked handing Sherlock his own egg in a basket.
At this Lily saw red and lunged towards her mother, knocking her over to pin her against the floor and each pause was accentuated by Lily slamming her mother's head against the floor. "YOU *SLAM* WILL *SLAM* NOT *SLAM* HARM *SLAM* MY *SLAM* BROTHER *SLAM* AGAIN!" she screamed.
There will be alot of changes to this story as it was very fast paced. First chapter is up soon
"For gods sake Anderson! They are only fifteen years old! You are a grown man so act like one for once!" Lestrade snarled and slammed a hand down on the table making the ME flinch. "Now leave and don't bother me again!"
“Great now we have company…” John remarked as he pulled himself to his feet and rubbed his lower back.
Lily frowned as the boy upped the anti. "But you don't even know me how could it concern you?" She questioned as she added to the pot between them. The cracker pile was growing significantly.
Soon both twins were covered in the sticky red juices and groaning in the delight of having their stomachs filled.
Sherlock slowly moved his lube slicked fingers back between johns legs and proceeded to open him up to easier penetration. Spurred on by the moans of the man beneath him Sherlock began to rigorously fuck him with his fingers until he was a babbling mess.
~~__~~
Sherlock looked up at his brother with hope. “You mean you have a lead?”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They waited until the day after Moran left to put their plan into action. Lucian had already gotten 'friendly' with Moriarty by pretending to be interested in his work and the stupid genius fell for it hook line and sinker.
“We already went through this.”
“I know Sherlock, but it’s over now. Let’s get a good look at our surroundings then we can start to ask around.” John suggested as he stroked a hand through Sherlock’s curls.
"Look Luce! Boobs!" Lily said as she came up behind her father and watched the attendant hastily put 'her girls' away.
Offspring
"Oh that's nice he needs to get out."
~~__~~
I'm going to continue it in a sequal! Because lets face it, Sherlock is no longer an Accidental Daddy, he's doing a good job and this story is getting stupidly long! So this chapter is going to be The Proposal and some of the wedding planning (With the children of course).
Lily, his little girl, lay In the middle of her bed, unmoving. She did not even jump when the door slammed against the wall in Sherlock's haste to get to his daughter. "Lily?!" he queried as he walked over to peer into her flushed face. Sweat and...fever? He thought as he rested a hand on her shoulder. 'mmnnee." Lily grumbled and swatted at his hand. "Fever...Lucian get John." Sherlock announced not taking his attention off his little girl.
“They were mean,”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Greg turned to find Mycroft waiting for an answer. "Oh its going well I suppose, though it would be nice if people stopped killing each other though. Paperwork is hell." He replied earning a death glare from Sherlock which was ignored. "How is your work going?" He asked then winced at the clipped "Classified" that Mycroft threw his way. This is going to be a fun ride he thought and leaned back in his seat.
"John...You are a conductor of light...That's all it says..."
From Lily
John had no idea how long he stood there and stared at the lanky detective. But when his mind snapped into gear he realized that Sherlock was starting to get panicky.
So NO!
“Shit.”
"What?"
"Then stay out of it." John said simply as he picked up his suit case.
"My name is Professor Tinsdale and I will be the proctor for this exam…You girl sit here, and you young man sit here." Tinsdale said then grimaced when he turned towards John and Sherlock. "IF I find either of you two cheating you'll be failed immediately. Now I'll be up there talking with your…fathers." He said and as he was walking away Lily over heard him whispering 'Can't believe they actually let two fags into this place. What the hell would poofs want with educating their bastards anyways?'
“You have got to be KIDDING ME!” John snarled at the two who had the decency to look ashamed.
"Greg, Kyle, John, Lily, Lucian this is my father Sir Trymman Alexander Holmes and his wife Amalee Holmes." Mycroft smiled at the guests as he made the introductions. "Ah yes, Sherlock's children." Trymman said as he made his way over to the twins and he grasped Lily's chin forcing her to look him in the eye. "You, my dear, have much of your fathers rebellious spirit in you…as well as his coldness…be careful you do not feed the ice within you too much my dear otherwise you may not be able to find your way back." He whispered as he turned his attention to towards his new grandson. "You have his shyness…and I see you also inherited his artistic ability as well. What medium?"
yea its a cliff hanger ending...never really done one before but i had to split this chapter into two parts...sorry but the next one will be up next week!
That night Sherlock simply held John in his arms. They simply laid together in silence, John seeking comfort and Sherlock clueless as how to give it.
Mine just started pacing again
"Refuses...No Mycroft you misunderstand. He's refusing to leave their side; it's actually very sweet the way he's hovering over them. All he wants is to make them feel better, even declined a case so he can stay with them and it was most definitely an eight at least!" John smiled at the memory of that argument with Lestrade. Suddenly a crash came from upstairs making the doctor flinch. "Now if you will excuse me I have to go and save your brother from your nephew."
"I thought so…alright let's go get them."
"Is he talking about us?"
"He took a monocle...You know over the last year I've been working with him we've been on numerous cases together and there have been some REALLY valuable items just lying about. He never takes that stuff. But he'll take a guys monocle. I mean why?!"
I don't think they have ever fought like this before
Soon the dog was settled into the household and given the name 'Gladstone' by the twins. And when asked why just gave their parents a small smile and ignored the question.
“Sherlock what the hell- oh. Hello kids.” Greg started to lay into Sherlock until he noticed the twins holding onto the detective’s coat.
"Alright now time to pick out a cake!" The baker grinned.
That's when he caught sight of Lily holding a finger to her lips and the slim punk rock girl creeping up behind his husband.
over something that wasn’t their fault. Now lets get some more Cinnabons and just sit down.”
The girl however had on a skirt that fell over her knees that had a surprising amount of holes in it, a black shirt that looked to be once a man's dress shirt but was now adorned with safety pins and ribbons. But both had on black combat boots, the only thing in their attire that was worn by both of them.
"Alright I'm kidnapping your children, you guys go do adult stuff." Lexy announced early the next morning before grabbing the (still highly suspicious) children and leaving the two adults alone in the house.
"Yes dear?"
"What...Seriously?"
John lifted his head up at the question. "Is that something you want to do?"
"HA!"
“Said if we wanted in”
Lily and Lucian ran down the corridors peering into every window they came across, looking for their father. "Where the hell is he?" Lucian snarled after almost running into Anderson flirting with a receptionist. "And how are we going to get around that git?" He asked making his sister smile. "Leave that to me."
"…Yea"
"Ah, Duncan this is Sherlock my boyfriend and our kids Lily and Lucian." John made the introductions and when Duncan went to go shake Sherlocks hand he was ignored. So he turned to smile at the twins only to be glared at as well. Then when his back was turned Lily picked up a stick and started to poke him in the back with it. Which made Sherlock smile but John glare.
“I am very sorry this has happened. If I had known of your existence much earlier, I could have done something a lot sooner. I promise you that no harm will come to either of you in this house, not by John, me or my brother.”
"Alright kids…who wants to meet my sister?
“Hello! You must be Lily and Lucian!” Sarah said she walked into their room where they were asked to wait.
"This is most definitely a conversation to be had inside. Lucian, Lily do sit down. John would you please make them some tea?" Mycroft said as the two twins sat on the couch and started looking around the flat, the larger male peering into the kitchen and eying the laboratory equipment.
"LEXY!" John shouted as his pocket dinged, making her turn and smile gratefully. "Thank god, I thought I lost you! I could have sworn that I left you by O'Doyles!"
"Yes."
~~__~~
John smiled as he walked over to the cake, hand in hand with Sherlock only to laugh out loud as it was finally revealed.
"Sherlock if they go with you they are not allowed in the morgue… promise me." John demanded making the detective jump. "I'm off to work so promise me no morgue and that you will at least try and behave." He asked making Sherlock pout. "Fine but if Anderson starts anything I'm going to finish it!"
"What is it Sherlock?"
Mrs. Holmes looked shocked at the girls announcement then turned towards her youngest son. "You allow her to talk like that…about her own mother?" Mrs. Holmes snapped at Sherlock who grasped Johns hand and stood a little taller. "You have no idea what their mother put these children through. Their mother is currently in prison for prostitution, possession of illegal narcotics, child endangerment, and possession with intent to distribute and that's the only charges that we were sure wouldn't drag the children through court. Now its been a very long day and Lily needs to go and rest as she had been shot. Now if you'll excuse me I'll get them settled." Sherlock announced making his mother stare.
"Sherlock...wanting to hold someone close I can explain. Wanting to make their hurt go away, I can explain. But this...this is between father and daughter. If I have to guess it's a mixture of protectiveness and empathy. Your child is hurting and you want to fix it for them. Which is completely natural. But here, take this soup up to her and then LET HER REST."
Deborah looked down to see Lily still lying on the floor and just stared.
________________________________________
Lily and Lucian walked around for two minutes before they started to grab clothes at random.
“I just wanted to share it with you. I mean it was you who pushed me towards rehab and honestly I hated you for it. I thought that you hated me and wanted to change me. But then I realized. You didn’t hate me. You loved me. The entire reason you pushed me into rehab was because you wanted me to live. Really live. Clara did as well and I really messed that one up.” Harry said with tears in her eyes.
"I vote for China they have a lot of space there"
ANGST WARNING.
"Seriously Luce?"
"Fine fine fine. Don't know why you won't at least hear him out since…" John trailed off making Sherlock huff. "What is it that has you so tongue tied?" He asked but received no answer.
“John!” Harry smiled as she stood to hug her brother when he walked into the café. “I know you’re not a big coffee drinker so I ordered you a tea.”
Sherlock watched as John then stripped and folded up his clothes to place on the chair. After he was done Sherlock drew the small army doctor into his arms and kissed him deeply as he pressed him into the bed.
"You're right…I'm sorry and thank you." She muttered as they walked through the door and into the foyer.
"Sherlock you are going through what every parent goes through (at least to my understanding) you won't mess anything up and they will not hate you…at least not fully. Every child goes through a period in their life that they hate their parents…it's a fact of life that every child goes through. Plus from what I hear their own mother, whom they lived with most of their life, sold them to Mycroft like a pair of sneakers. So you're automatically on top compared to her. Not to mention the fact that they can see that you are trying to be a good parent and it helps that you personally went out to bring them back. That's an A plus in my book any day of the week…" John responded to his friend who gave him a small smile before staring at his tea cup. "John…" he asked and continued at John's 'what'.
"I made it from a disposable camera."
“That’s what we’re going with. And…there. That’s the last of it.” Sherlock said as he dropped the last bag onto Johns old bed then walked down to the living room.
Both twins stopped dead in their tracks at the sight of John sitting in his chair with Sherlock nowhere to be found. "Hey dad..."
“Yep.”
While Lily could get into anyplace and use her eyes to make herself appear weak and harmless Lucian had his own talent. He could make people talk.
seriously it starts out rather dark.
"Are you two fighting?" Sebastian asked with a tip of his head. Alright if there is a rift between to two we can use that to our advantage the assassin thought to himself as Lily droned on about how Lucian didn't respect her and did not think she could do anything because she is a girl. All the while Sebastian nodded along and made sympathetic noises while she talked.
"Sherlock give in."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When tea was served and everyone was seated the tension was thankfully cut by Mycroft.
"Nope not going to have this discussion with you again. Now let's get up there and make sure that everything is fine alright?"
“Then the mixer”
Half an hour later Mycroft walked back into the room, face pale from barely controlled panic. "Sherlock…John…"
"What is going on?" Lucian asked frowning down at the angered woman then moved back when she tried to touch him. "They think we kidnapped you two." John sighed as he rubbed his temples.
“Don’t swear in front of the children and get a towel.”
TOODLES!
"I thought they grew like cranberries did! you know in those little bushes on the ground!"
"Wow the air smells really sweet!" Lucian exclaimed as they walked into the cake shop and he started looking around at the different styles of cake. "This one looks like paper..."
"What the hell? There wasn't any paint in the recreation room." Sebastian muttered making Jim sigh. "I figured as much. What made the fight escalate?" He asked.
"Alright let's see what we've got here...Wow a whopping 39 degrees...you have a fever." John sighed as he rubbed her back. "Congratulations pet you have the flu. Not surprising as Its going around the schools. Alright I'm going to give you some Paracemtol for your headache and this Is an Inhaler. It has an antiviral In It called Relenza and I'm going to give it to you twice a day. There shouldn't be any side effects and other than getting a lot of rest I want you to drink as much water as humanly possible alright?"
“Alright I know that you two are...well unwilling to be here. So why don’t we just settle in and you can ask me anything you wish to. That way we can both get to know each other.” She smiled at them.
"Dad calls it a sex holiday."
“Not by much. But I am going to make it as quick as I can.” John said as he began to bind her ribs.
“Who’s she bribing to keep it?”
Lily groaned as she opened her eyes. The light was so blinding that she immediately closed them again. 'He didn't have to drug me.' she thought to herself before sitting up and looking around the room.
"Yes we can keep the dog. Now you have to head to the store and grab all those things because they are needed. And no I'm not going for or with you, here's a list of what you need to grab and I'll start looking for a place to make sure he's gotten all his shots and he will need a vet."
'Lily! It's so good to see you home again!" Mrs. Hudson whispered as she gave the girl a hug. "They're both home so you go on up and give them a little fright."
just a short chapter to follow the last. been a few days since i posted so ya'll get two chapters today.
Sherlock was immediately by their side, noting the wariness in both their eyes. “Yea I don’t like shots either.” Was all he could think to say.
“Sir…”
Sure enough Sherlock pounced as soon as he left the room, bombarding him with questions. "What Is It? Is she going to be alright? How serious is it? Will she have to go to hospital?"
"Well either way it’s not safe here for any of you, Mrs. Hudson is going to her sisters and as for you four...we have to keep you safe and Baker Street just doesn't qualify as safe anymore." Mycroft smiled grimly making John and Sherlock groan while the twins simply gave them an odd look
The detective could see that his John was tense about this subject but the way his shoulders squared. “I want to change that…”
"Yes...I guess Sherlock made it VERY clear to John that the twins were not his children...yea he said as much when he was hyperventilating... No his breathing has slowed down...Yes I'm still taking him to the clinic... be there soon."
"Sherlock."
John snapped around and looked at Sherlock. “You are really letting them bribe us?”
"So you made her cry?"
From Lucian
Rating: M for future chapters due to violence blood, gore and maybe a little something-something between john and Sherlock
"What the hell did we just say Mycroft?"
Lily rolled her eyes then turned towards John and Sherlock. "Dad, Father we're going up to our room…have fun."
Greg felt like someone wiped a ice-lolly down his spine, he knew that they didn't see much of each other and considering the line of the conversation they just had... this did not bode well at all.
"Nope, I'll give you a hint, it's currently sleeping in Sherlock's chair."
"Well someones drunk." Lucian muttered making his sister laugh.
John looked up with a smile. "Good news…Kids are home." He smiled as the twins burst through the door. "Alright you two pause and tell me what you were yelling about on the stairs."
It took only a few minutes before it was completely finished and John handed the teenager back her shirt.
"Aren't you always? Anyways need your help at the moment. Dad's making a fuss cause your dad has taken some evidence...again."
“There’s more. Lucian is in perfect health. Lily on the other hand…she has a fractured rib and what look like whip marks across her back that are still healing.” Sarah exhaled and handed him the kids files. "John...It honestly looks like she was tortured."
The man looked surprised to see the glaring detective over John's head.
"Fine but do they have to wear fanny packs with it?"
"You do realize this means we are going to spend a week with Uncle Mycroft and Greg right?"
"That's alright, you were just curious…But do me a favor and next time just ask alright?" he gave his best smile which was generally reserved for women a little older then the girl in front of him.
Soon they were on a private jet heading towards southern Greece. "I've never been on a private Jet before." John remarked making Greg puff up in pride. "I've been on it once when Mycroft decided that he needed my help with something."
From Lucian
“Alright so we’ll put books and art things on the list of things to get. Though that doesn’t answer the question as to what we do now.”
John stared at the Air marshal. “Wait so you’re telling us that because one of
"AND YOU DIDN'T THINK TO USE IT TO CALL SOMEONE?" Mycroft roared from behind them and they both jumped as they didn't hear him come in. "Actually yes the thought did occur to me but considering I was under fire from a friggin sniper I thought it prevalent to keep my family as far away from him as possible." Lily snarled back at her uncle then sat back to await John and Lucians return home.
"So you'll never guess what happened today."
"Aunt Deborah Hi, I'm doing well…oh this is my boyfriend Sherlock and our kids…Lucian is in the chair and Lily's the one on the floor." John replied as he led her into the living room.
The twins just stared at their father for a second before Lily handed the skull back to Sherlock.
"Sherlock were the first two ours?"
"Well if I cannot help, can we go inside? You are starting to shiver…here wear this until we get in." He said as he draped his Belstaff over her shoulders trying not to laugh when the hem tried to pool at her feet. It was cute.
"It might have been. I'm reasonably confident that he was spiking my tea last night."
John stared at his flatmate then sighed. "They will need to be disciplined for this you know…" Sherlock looked back up with a frown. "Why? There were no witnesses…perfect planning I might add…"
From: Boss
Soon he was open enough and Sherlock scooted behind him using the lube already on his fingers to coat his cock. "Now John?"
"Lily I think it's time to make a fire or something." Lucian said as he held his arms close to his chest.
"They REVOLT!" He grinned then lunged at the girl who promptly shrieked and ran down the hall, flinging the sword into a random room.
“Come on John I know you have the brain power to finish a thought.” Sherlock snapped then lifted himself off the couch with a growl to see his blogger staring at something beyond the doorway with wide eyes.
"I want to try this and the chair is too small to be of use." Sherlock smiled and laid his John on their bed.
Squeeze
Lily rolled her eyes, sometimes adults can be so dumb. "I know that. But you can see all the cameras on the walls, how high the wall is, what color the roof is and since you can see how this side of the wall has a smaller amount of trees then this one its obviously near a clearing of some sort or near the ocean. And I had told you that it was a five hour walk from an olive orchard with a house that looks like a church. So it shouldn't be impossible to locate soon."
After the 'tea incident' the Holmes quickly figured out that if Lily did not like something then she was quick to foist it onto someone else… usually tampered with and usually Mycroft. Needless to say by dinner he was at his wits end.
“no you both listen to me. Both of you have had a hell of a life especially in the last few months. Lily you wake up screaming about blood. That isn’t healthy and while Sherlock and I can help you with many things you need to talk to someone. And I don’t believe you’re comfortable talking to us about that yet.” John took a breath and continued as Sherlock put a supportive hand at his back. “I’ve had to get therapy before and it’s not just for the insane. It can also help with Post Traumatic Stress and…I think you have it Lily.”
Sure enough not even a minute later there came the sounds of pounding feet on carpet. “MR HOLMES! MR…CAPTAIN WATSON HOLD ON A MINUTE!”
"Englais Por favor?"
I’ll be taking votes as to where the story goes from here
Lily tried hard to calm her shuddering breaths and pull herself together. "I've survived worse then this, I've come out whole…I will not allow them to make me cry…I'm stronger than that, I'm stronger than them." She whispered even as her voice broke at the last sentence, unsure if that was still true or not, and that terrified her most of all. Where had her strength gone? She wondered as tears started to pour down her face.
“To make a cake”
"Well that was unhelpful and tedious…" Sherlock muttered as he moved back to the couch.
John sighed and grabbed one of the boys hands. “Niki, please be precise. The kids, they are ours. Please.”
~~~~~~______________~~~~~~
MOY IMPORTANTE!
No one seemed willing to leave the others so by the time the last movie ended they were all asleep either sprawled out on the couch or in one of the chairs. Everything was peaceful and right with the world.
"According to who?"
"Open handed…why is it always open handed?"
“Alright now lets get you two fed and tomorrow we'll go see your father.”
what it says on the tin
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John smiled as he felt Sherlock caressing his back and though he would be loathed to admit it the army doctor loved being cuddled by his detective. Hearing a creek he grumbled before lifting his head only to be met with Sherlock's eyes, wanting to drown in their blue green depths. Without knowing it he gasped and held his breath, sending a silent signal that Sherlock should continue with his train of thought.
He can be so sweet John thought as he lifted his head to glance at the clock in horror. "Oh my god! Is that the time?! The kids should be home by now!" He gasped as he started to jump up to get dressed only to be pulled back onto the bed. "They came home a while ago." Sherlock growled trying to snuggle into the squirming man. "Sherlock...when did they come home?" John asked carefully as his new lover managed to shift him into straddling his lap.
Mycroft stared at the image of his broken love in the door way. "Gregory…I thought you didn't like your job…I mean you complain about it all the time and I just thought…I was only trying to help." He said as he pocketed his phone. "And as for the last few months …if I seemed as if I was taking you for granted forgive me…I'll try harder it's just, other people's problems are easier to than ours because…When I look at you…all the problems of the world just don't exist anymore and all I can think of is you're MINE and I can't believe it…"
“Shit.”
"Other than that what can you tell me about the house?" Mycroft almost begged the young girl only to be pushed away by John.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because we're being hunted by an assassin who will see it."
Sebastian smiled as the theme from Jaws emanated from his phone.
Taylor smiled at everyone as he placed the pot roast on the table. "Oh thank you Taylor this looks delicious!" Amalee smiled as everyone but Lily took one piece (Sherlock had plans to covertly shift his to Johns plate later, in small increments and over a set amount of time) and started eating. "Lily sweetheart, why are you not eating?" The matron demanded in a sickeningly sweet voice, drawing everyone's attention to the teenage girl. "I'm not hungry." Came the reply making Amalee glare. "Of course you are, you are a teenager now eat something."
John only sighed as the cab dropped them off at The Monument. "Sherlock why are we here? No let me guess it's a secret."
Suddenly John came out of nowhere and with one hit, knocked the M.E. down, nose bleeding. “If you ever touch her again, I promise you I’ll be the last thing you see.” He growled as he shoved Lily behind him.
Oh yes I do, I really do. But if I were you Sherlock, I would keep an eye on those precious to you. After all I do owe you and lets not forget that you aren't the only one who gets bored. And what lovely playthings you have to distract you M
“I don’t like shopping. Are we done yet?” Lily asked as she dragged her feet, leaning back in a classic teenager pose of boredom.
“Which one did you pick?”
“Mrs. Hudson there’s something that you should know” Sherlock started then winced as she opened the door and frowned at him.
“We are, in fact, done. Now lets see if we can round up something for supper and then take it home to you father.” John smiled and wrapped an arm around Lily’s shoulder.
"Eww gay people." Lily said snorted from behind them making them jump apart and glare at her.
At this point Sherlock returned from the shops, carrying a few bags, just in time to hear Anderson yell at John. "Oh you are such a sicko…How long have you been holding them for? And I thought that you John had the decency to not let him do this.”
“Aren’t we all?”
"Gods yes."
John and the other pole bearers then lowered the coffin onto the stone slab then walked back to join their loved ones.
"Thank you Da!"
Sebastian gave a curt nod before fleeing the room. The lights had turned back on after a few minutes but that had only increased the confusion. First everyone had to check on WHY the lights had gone out only to find a small EMP next to the fuse box. Then the security cameras were checked to find that Lucian had (effectively) distracted Moriarty while his sister not only made a TEPG but she also set it off at the fuse box in the middle of the night.
"Oh this that and the other, you know how it is. How are things at The Yard?" she smiled and leaned into her friend.
"I'm glad I got rid of your bed."
"Come along Lily!" Sherlock almost bounced out of the door led them past the dewy eyed receptionist. 'Ms. Fitz' Lily recalled and gave her a shy smile that once again cemented the protective instinct the woman had with her.
"Yea yea, shut it."
Suddenly he heard a very soft voice break the silence.
"No."
“But..”
Lucian looked like he was about to agree when a shout interrupted him.
"He has a point."
Sebastian snickered as he lifted a finger to press down on 'Treasure Island' to reveal Lily's blushing face. "You're adorable...I work security here. That's why you usually see me walking the halls." He smiled and placed an arm around the back of the couch before flicking the tip of her nose with one finger. "Don't be afraid to ask me questions Lily, I don't mind."
"Sherlock…"
"What? I thought engagement rings were for girls?"
"Where did you get it? I'm sure they weren't just laying around."
"Fine…Yours?" came the muffled voice of the blogger who seemed intent on crawling into Sherlock. "Boring though I believe that Lestrade has been sleeping with my brother…oh and Molly has a new man named 'Kyle' who she seemed very intent on…" Sherlock said absentmindedly trying to count the colors in John's hair. "What?" John almost shouted lifting his head to meet Sherlock's confused eyes. "Molly she..."
Sitting at one of the benches was a tall man with red hair. He was reading something on his phone before looking up and staring at the twins.
Mycroft sighed as he laid his head on Gregory's stomach. He was exhausted.
The class flew by for the twins but not without incident (According to the professor Lily has some questionable morals) and they found themselves split up as Lily had calculus while Lucian had geometry.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“She said many things Sherl.”
"I know I just thought I would try." Greg smiled as they walked into the living room. "Alright children, grab what you need to keep yourselves busy and lets get going."
Got tired of the messages complaining about Lucian being "Overshadowed" by lily so here you go.
"Where are we going?"
And boy, I believe in us
“Yes. His name is Bartholomew.”
“Alright what are you two up…too..” He trailed off as he took in the scene in front of him.
Lily paused to consider his words. “Alright but I still don’t trust you.” She muttered before huddling close to her brother.
Finally the day was almost over and to their 'delight' the twins found themselves in a class taught by Professor Tinsdale the proctor of their entrance exam.
“Of course we can.”
John stood at the back doors of the ballroom and tried to breathe. He loved Sherlock deeply and he wanted to be married to him but for some reason he felt as if he was going to vomit. "Dad you alright?" Lily asked as she walked over to hand him a glass of water and peered into his face. "Let me guess, nervous?"
"Go watch the telly or play dolls or something." He snapped making her glare. "Just because those may be your favorite past times does not mean they are mine." She snapped back then headed out of the door.
He shook his head. "No before that…about Greg and Mycroft…" John asked eyes wide. "Yes…Is that a problem?" Sherlock hesitated. After all this was John I'm-not-gay Watson. "No no problem just…surprising and unexpected." John replied with a confused stare. "Wait…do they know that you know?" John asked as the thought popped into his head. "Of course they do…" Sherlock scoffed then smiled at his offspring on the stair. "Hello…"
"You see anything?"
"That is why, it will still be fresh in their minds."
"John…" Sherlock whispered as he finally came face to face with his friends soldier side. "Sherlock…you may need to sit down…I don't think Lily and Lucian can handle telling the story again..."
Two days later all three Holmes’ and John Watson were standing at the terminal waiting for their flight. “Here’s some pounds, you two go and get something to eat. LEAVE YOUR PHONES ON!” John shouted after them, then he turned to his sulking detective.
not surprising that Monopoly was soon thrown across the cabin but surprisingly it was Greg who tossed it. He and Sherlock got into an argument over one of the railroads and Greg decided to put an end to the childish game once and for all. However, they only had half an hour before landing so the couples went to different sides of the plane. John and Mycroft listened while Greg and Sherlock complained about each other.
Sherlock's roar of fury rang throughout 221b making the twins flinch and clasp hands. "Children!" Sherlock shouted as he burst through their door only to be met with wide eyes. Their fear quickly turned to astonishment as Sherlock wrapped them in his arms. "That evil bitch harpy is going to jail for a long time." Mycroft said from the doorway having followed his dear brother up the stairs. "Already called Lestrade…" John said as he joined his lover in embracing the twins.
Lily and Lucian kept running until they almost skidded off the cliff. "Stop I really don't want to shoot you." Sebastian said from behind them.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oh that hurt! Well perhaps that lovely little girl of yours would be more willing to play then you are M
Normally this would mean Armageddon for 221B but luckily Sherlock had the twins to occupy his time. About a week into flu season Lily managed to surprise him in the best way possible.
"Sherlock Holmes." Came a deep baritone from the doorway making them turn to find said 'manky pikey' in the doorway.
Free me, Free us
"Really what?"
That night Lily found herself unable to sleep and just laid in the foreign bed, wide awake, her thoughts twisting upon themselves until they became a snarled mess. Exasperated she threw off the blankets and padded down the hall, looking for her brother who could hopefully help her get to sleep.
A few days into living with Sherlock the twins were finally getting comfortable enough to stop asking when they wanted something and just went and grabbed it. Well Lucian didn’t ask anymore.
John pulled Sherlock towards the bedroom and pushed him onto the mattress. "I want you Sherlock...But I don't want to wait till we get home."
At this point both children looked up and Sherlock lost his breath as he was met by twin pairs of his own eyes. “We don’t want to be a bother. We know that you did not plan us nor even know of us until now. We don’t expect you to rearrange your life simply because we exist.” Lucian said giving a squeeze to his sisters hand.
"Thought not."
John nodded and gave a small smile, but it didn't reach his sad eyes.
"I like giving affection." Sherlock mumbled before falling asleep to Johns laugh.
Bwa haha that was so funny forgot to laugh...
“Greg! What’s going on?” John said as he got up from the desk where he had been looking for more books and art supplies for the twins.
"AMALEE!" Came a snarl over her shoulder and Mrs. Holmes turned to find her husband standing behind her, looking none too happy. Mycroft left the small party with a grim smile adorning his face. He knew that his father now fully saw the venom that lingered under his wifes skin now. He turned back to see Amalee's pale face that only seemed to leech more colour as his father spoke and knew that her words will have cost her dearly this time.
John sighed as he lugged the groceries up the stairs. It had been a long day at the clinic as it was flu season and he had had a lot of patients. So he was a little annoyed that after work he had to go to Tesco's to get groceries. He walked into the flat to find the twins sitting on the couch snickering to each other. The reason for the snickering was obvious as he saw Sherlock fast asleep. The detective was sitting up against the wall with his legs stretched out before him. He was wearing his usual suit and the only thing odd was his face. Which was covered in lipstick.
"Don't you ever talk to my children like that. It is not your place to scold them I am their parent and they came to find me. Which they did not need your permission to do so." Sherlock growled at the mortician making her pale at the look in his eyes. "S-s-sorry!" She stuttered as tears started to fall and she ran out of the room crying.
"Okay she's gone lets get the hell out of here!" Lily snarled as she and Lucian fled down the hallways.
Lily automatically adapted her 'cute and wounded' expression making the assassin feel a little guilty towards her. "I'm sorry what do you need Lily?" he asked as he gentled his voice towards her.
Silently they lay together, wishing with all of their hearts for a better life.
"You two are children you know that?" John asked as he placed the cold groceries away then went to the junk draw, searching until he found what he was looking for. "Well we just thought-"
They walked through the olive orchard for a good hour before a man ran up to them holding out a gun. "*(#$(*$&$&)#)" He shouted making them frown.
"Oh good, Sherlock this…Hussy climbed into the bed with this boy. God knows what they have been doing all night! I will NOT put up with such actions under my roof!" Amalee looked as if she was preparing to stamp her foot after her little tantrum.
"Kind of hard to stay somewhere you aren't welcome Greg. Now thank you for dragging me here but I have to find someplace to stay for a while."
"I can tell by your expression that you understand that you're both in trouble. Now why don't you sit down and tell me why you felt the need to hide a small baby animal in your room."
"What why would you-?"
Mycroft smiled grimly at his brother. "Why yes Sherlock…I did."
"Is this the hurt my brother and they'll never find your body speech?" He asked making the man chuckle. "No Gregory it's not it's the don't-let-the-brother-hurt-your-friend-speech."
John just kept his eyes forward and on the road, the main reason that he was driving instead of Sherlock. He did not know what to expect at the funeral, having been out of contact with most of the people attending for many years. He knew that Harry may make an appearance but other than that he did not know who would be attending, for Shamus had no children nor did he have a wife.
if you’re hurt or wounded please tell us so we can help.” John practically begged.
Lily shifted uncomfortably in her seat. "I have a question..."
"I know Sherlock...I blame myself...And Greg."
Sherlock looked at his precious violin in horror. For all his genius he did not think of all the things he couldn't bring with him.
"You are brilliant sweetheart."
“What did you mean?” The army doctor asked gently and giving the twins an odd look.
"Does it matter?"
"THIS IS WHY THEY NEED TO BE DISCIPLINED!" John shouted as he slammed the phone back into its cradle. "I just got off the phone with Headmaster Carey who said that in the last week the twins have not only switched the boys and girls lavatory signs; covered Mr. Tinsdales car with post-its; removed every single door in the school; moved lockers in front of Tinsdales office but also filled every single one of the school fountains with colored Glycerin!" John snarled at the lounging detective who only frowned at him. "How did they manage this? There are fifteen fountains in that school." He asked plucking the strings of his violin then immediately regretted his question at the glare John threw at him. "That doesn't matter Sherlock...Your children are running wild in that school..." The blogger pleaded with the detective and silently begged that Sherlock would understand.
The next day Sherlock called the twins out of school (Which the teachers were thankful for) and when Noon finally came everyone was tense. He and John had sat down with Lucian an hour before hand to tell him what was going on for they all agreed that it would be best to keep him in the dark until Mycroft arrived. "Where is she?" Lily growled wanting it to be over and done with as soon as humanly possible. "She's probably on her way over right now." John remarked and even though he exuded a calm exterior Sherlock could see his nerve reflected in his tightened grip on his tea cup. Finally there came a knock on the door making everyone jump.
The look on Sherlock's face was heartbreakingly apprehensive and extremely nervous. "Sherlock…I have never have been more sure of anything in my entire life…I. Want. You. Inside. Of. Me. Please!" John begged firmly. How can someone beg and sound so commanding at the same time? Sherlock thought to himself as he dug into the draw of the bedside table for the packets of lube and condoms he kept there (he had always hoped).
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
"What is it?"
Sherlock grinned at that and sat down in John’s chair with a flourish. “Capital idea John. Ask me anything.”
"John…I'm sorry…I just…" Lucian started but was cut off by a coughing fit that had the doctor a little bit remorseful.
"Yes Lucian?"
"Mother this is Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade and his son Kyle, Doctor John Watson formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers also my boyfriend and these two are Lily and Lucian Holmes…my children" Sherlock said then winced at the disbelieving stare. "Sherlock…you don't have children…so its no use trying to pull one over on me. Now lets get these two back to their real parents and…John is it? Thank you for playing along with my son but I don't believe he will require your services now." Mrs. Holmes smiled her brightest smile even as he rebuffed her sons claim. "Mother…they are mine." Sherlock said.
"Russians."
Mrs. Holmes stared at her eldest child with disbelief before turning on her youngest child. "THESE CHILDREN ARE YOURS? THEY HAVE TO BE AT LEAST 13 OR 14! WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME YOU HAD TWO BASTARD CHILDREN? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW THAT IS GOING TO LOOK TO EVERYONE? WHERE IS THEIR MOTHER?"
"Sherlock."
"In about an hour, we should leave now."
"Yes of course…and its MorAN nor MorON."
"Are you sure?" Mycroft kept asking as they went down the high way. Lily looked up from where she was cuddled up to Sherlock. "Yes I'm sure. We were not harmed in anyway what so ever and all these injuries are from sleeping in the woods." She snapped and gratefully took the bottle of water that Greg handed her.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What the hell? That movie isn't funny at all and it'll probably upset John with….oh." Lucian whispered to his sister who gave him an evil grin. "Exactly it'll upset him enough to soften towards Sherlock." Lily smiled at Lucian making him stare. "But I thought that was why we sat in the chair instead of the couch…"
"It's right over there, but we have to go around the cliffs to get there!" Lily smiled and grabbed her brother's hand to start dragging him towards the church.
"We didn't know"
Chapter 18 Family
“We wanted to try”
"Yea we're self sufficient."
"Oh you're awake." John said as he walked over holding a cup of tea in one hand. "John I find that I am not able to get up to greet you."
“Apparently the chief doesn’t like the fact that I have a life away from Scotland yard.” Sherlock grumbled as he flopped down on John’s chair and pulled out his phone to send a text.
"Figured he could pick which one he liked best."
“just needed”
"I'm going." Sherlock announced as he got up and left the table. "Sherlock, sit down NOW!" Amalee cried then stared as her youngest son defied her. "No Mother, I will not. My daughter is probably feeling overwhelmed at this point. I mean so far she's been shot at, escaped a kidnapping, whisked away from her new home, basically told that no matter what she says or does it will not be enough to make you approve of her and right now she needs me."
"Mycroft she's only testing you, if you didn't let it bother you so much then she wouldn't do it." Greg said as Mycroft tried to wash out his mouth after a bite of doctored cake. "But why me? Do I have a sign on me that says mess with me? Why doesn't she do this to John or Sherlock?"
Kyle and the twins were sitting on Lily's bed playing what looked to be poker. "Yea I fold." Lucian remarked then leaned over to throw himself on his own bed and watched the two square off.
"He said we could keep him"
I am bound to you
"Well I'm done for the day…do either of you need anything or wish to go somewhere?" Sherlock asked three hours later then frowned when he did not receive an answer. Turning he found Lily and Lucian curled up in one of the chairs, backs turned towards the other and deeply asleep. Smiling at the sight he walked over to take a few photos before waking them up to bring them home.
"When Lavonia first came to me with the twins…I'm afraid I wasn't the nicest of people and to make matters worse I told Sherlock that I could take the twins away at a moment's notice. But that was only to make Sherlock attach to them faster and hopefully think his actions through in order not to hurt them…but I'm afraid that the children might have over heard and Lily has decided to take the offensive."
"Nothing's wrong with it, Lily's a vegetarian." Lucian announced making Jim put on his shocked face. "Oh! Well then this simply won't do my dear! let's get rid of that nasty dead cow and have some rabbit food instead! Though you must love animals a lot to denounce eating them!" He said as he told the maid to get Lily a salad.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Why didn't we think of that?" Sherlock muttered as he walked over to his lover. "John you're a genius!" He said then pressed a firm smacking kiss on John's mouth.
Both twins grimaced simultaneously. "Luna got into a fight at school..." Lucian offered his precious sister up as the sacrificial lamb. "To defend you!" Lily snarled at her brother who then said that she didn't let him finish. To his defense she interrupted him first.
It was an air marshal and in each hand he had the collar of one of the twins.
John was drowning in details and they had not gotten past choosing a date yet.
The boy stared at Lucian before reaching into his pocket to pull out a cell phone. "Here, You call your parents inside while you get cleaned up. Then my grandmother, she feeds you."
"John we're like London. Everytime something happens we come back stronger for it." Sherlock smiled as he linked their hands. "Everything we go through may take some of us away but we rebuild it stronger and just like the Monument we last."
I'm terrified to love for the first time
"Oh it was fine just some scrapes and bruises and a few summer colds." John smiled making the twins stare. "Only idiots get summer colds…" Lily remarked making Sherlock snicker. "Just eat your dinner."
She quickly grabbed the hidden camera and located the charge switch on the PCB. She then peeled off the tape and removed the button to solder the toggle switch to the pads underneath. She then de-soldered the transformer and Xenon flash from the PCB and threw them into the waterfall, isolating the section of the PCB with the charger unit and cutting the rest of it off.
"One day you have to teach me how to do that!" Lucian panted as Lily pulled him into the corner of a soda machine to avoid being seen by yet another cop. "Teach you what?" She asked as they started to run down the halls again. "That thing you just did to the receptionist." Lily stopped when she spotted their father leaning over a microscope. "Don't you think I should have some secrets?" She smiled at her twin before walking in.
Soon John had the venue, suits, flowers, the guest list and color scheme picked out. The only part left was the food they would be serving and what kind of cake they wanted.
It took all three men to pull the enraged girl off of her mother. "If you ever come near him again I WILL KILL YOU!" She screamed as John managed to drag her into the kitchen with her brother. "Damn it I just want you and your brother back!" Lavonia screamed up at her daughter, trying to salvage what Lily might have wrecked. "You may be violent but you're sill my daughter!"
Chapter One: The Meeting
Mycroft interrupted his brothers words with a single hand on the shoulder. "Tell him that, but I'm coming with you."
"Do you think we'll be able to get any of it back?"
“Shit.”
"Why not?"
Five minutes later John figured out what hell looked like.
~~_~~!
Alright people's I've decided that this will only have 50 chapters in this story otherwise it will get to be too long.
"I'll take that as a yes." Sherlock sighed as he waved Lily's bouquet towards the people who started to crowd the dance floor. "Alright here we go!" he grinned as he spotted his target, turned around then launched the flowers over his head.
Sherlock went pale at whatever the other person said.
Back in the cab John turned towards Sherlock opening his mouth only to close it again multiple times. "Either you have something to say or you are doing a very bad impression of a fish…" Sherlock remarked not looking up from his mobile. "It's just…How do you know it wasn't the twins?" John asked and prepared to be scorned. "Oh no, you misunderstand John, I know it was them. But they were not doing it out of scorn or misplaced entitlement. You see Tinsdale must have said or done something to them to earn such animosity and be the victim of their pranks. This is their way of getting revenge on a teacher. Clever of them to not have any witnesses…I wonder how they managed it…"
When they finally reached the Holmes Estate everyone climbed out of the car to stretch their tired muscles, thankful that they were out of their confined space of the car. "WOAH!" Kyle exclaimed upon seeing the size of the manor. "Yea its beautiful on the outside but full of crap on the inside." Lily remarked as she rolled her injured arm to loosen the muscle even further. "LILY!" Mycroft growled at the girl then frowned at the look that she shot at him. "Oh sorry uncle, its not crap its inventory." She responded with eyes like ice. 'just like Sherlock used to be' Mycroft thought then realized that the pain in her arm was putting the girl in a bad mood. "I'm not invalid I can carry my own bags!" She snapped when Mycroft leaned over to help her.
"Lucian what's wrong?" John tried to calm his heart after the not-shriek. "SomethingswrongwithLilydadtodmetogetyou" Lucian said not stopping to draw a breath. "Alright let me get my trousers on and my medical bag and I'll be up alright?" John soothed the panicked boy and reached for said trousers at the same time.
I honestly don't care what you have to say at the moment. First thing in the morning both of my children will be pulled out of the school and your name will be submitted to the disciplinary board.
After leaving his children with Molly Sherlock went to the lab and started picking apart the case files not realizing what was going on in her office.
“Apparently during the ‘get to know you part’ Dr Verone asked what was the most recent thing that had happened to them. To which Lily replied that they were kidnapped by a Criminal Mastermind who happens to be EXTREMELY homicidal in wanting to get them back and if she were the doctor she would stay away from the windows for a while as he employs a sniper.”
The blogger sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He knew that he should have come alone, it would have been so much simpler.
"John?" Sherlock asked later after Harry had left and the twins had gone to bed.
"It's the twins sir."
"W-what d-did y-you s-say?" the younger Holmes stuttered.
Warning D: mentions of attempted rape
"Myc?" Greg asked as he moved forward to grasp his lovers hand. (The lover who was most certainly NOT cursing the security of the towel that DID NOT fall off.)
"Hm? What is it John?"
"Mycroft, does Greg still have his flat?" Sherlock asked as his brother walked over.
The next few days at the Holmes manor saw John and Sherlock were holed up in their room conducting experiments, the Holmes elders were off doing god knows what, and Mycroft and Greg mainly stayed in either the study or the library talking. (Lily was convinced that Mr. Holmes was either James Bond or Q {it didn't really matter which} and Mrs. Holmes…well let's just say someone dropped a house on her sister.)
I've opened up, unsure I can trust
“Well ask it” Sherlock said as he rifled through the desk looking for paper and a pen.
To all who have read this far…you must be nuts hahahahaha! I’m kidding thank you for following my story the twins and Sherlock will be reunited soon. Its just a matter of getting them to cross paths…But none of them are willing to cooperate, cause their mean like that!
“Neither could I but now we owe MYCROFT of all people.” He groaned and held him back.
"So…I don't suppose Mycroft told you why you are here?" John started off with a confused look on his face.
"Great now I'm bleeding." she groaned as she pressed her hand against the wound on her arm. "Going to need a bandage...wait...blood girl in an alley way and this building connects to the main street."
“Nope now we get to disinfect everything.”
"Body parts?" Lucian asked as he watched as his sister managed to dump her tea into Mycroft's while he was not looking. It was only then that john realized what he had said, which only made Sherlock laugh. "I'm a consulting detective and those parts are critical to my experiments Jawn!" he pleaded with his blogger who only gave him a nasty look and a single 'no' that resounded in the flat.
With that Sherlock seemed to snap out of the stupor from having his brother stand up to his mother for his children and glared at his mother. "Fine then, Come along children go and pack your things, John come along we are going to find new accommodations." He said and turned to sweep from the room to help pack.
"John I have two kids and a man that I love very much…I believe a divorce is in order." Sherlock said with a small smile and reached out to grab John's hand. "Seriously John…I do wish to marry you but I know that proposing at the moment is a bit not good with the funeral and the incident that just happened…"
“We’ll try” Lucian said then moved to sit by her sister, obviously unhappy with her about something.
I am bound to you I am bound to you
"Runny nose?
He pulled the detectives clothes tight against him and down to the floor where he pressed the tip of the staple gun to the fabric and pressed down until the cloth was stapled to the floor. He continued to do this until he went all around his friend, completely immobilizing him. "And that's how you pull a prank on Sherlock." John said with a grin as he put the staple gun away.
John rubbed his face with one hand. He really didn’t know how to deal with this.
"CONGRATULATIONS!" everyone yelled and the twins ran over to hug them both.
Greg blinked at the question. "Between me and Anthea?" He asked with a frown.
"No not until you promise to watch that movie with me!"
Lily smiled at her father and smiled as he picked up the book she was reading.
She spoke to him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"You know I can tear either of you two out of here at a moment's notice right? I mean you are my children…and Lucian…Bill has missed you guys something terrible. And there is so much you will have to make up for… especially since the last time you weren't exactly…nice to him." Lavonia grinned as Lucian started to visibly shake and looked as though he was about to vomit. "If you two don't cooperate I'll have to rip you out of here so fast that your heads will spin. And the first thing I'll do is give you to him Lucian…gift wrapped…"
"How was your day?" John asked as the three of them walked in. "What did you guys do?"
"Oh nothing, you were just sleeping on the bottle of lubricant all night. Actually I believe I can see it's indent in your hip." John giggled as Sherlock quickly turned his body to look at the indent on his hip. "Oh. Well lets go anyway." Sherlock said and turned to get dressed.
"Alright…Sherlock?" John asked gently trying to get their father in on the conversation. "Yes?" He responded breaking out of his stupor only to give the doctor a confused look when he tilted his head towards the twins in an obvious effort to make Sherlock participate. "How are you two with explosives?" He asked then flinched when John smacked him upside the head.
HEY the sequel needs a title...I'm horrible at them so a little help is appreciated...umm the sequel is going to deal with a few thing that had not been addressed in this story (Like the creepy guy following the twins in chapter 37 which for some reason NO ONE NOTICED! I mean seriously?! You would figure someone would stop and say what about that guy stalking the twins a few chapters ago! But NO!
took the children in that we would
"As we grew up she started taking harder drugs…it started as pot and booze…then coke and pcp…then she started on crack and ecstasy and heroin…she got in deep with her dealer…bill. Last year he came to the apartment with an offer…" Lily spoke then close her eyes as Lucian ran out of the room to vomit. "Bill wasn't only a dealer but…a pimp…he made an offer to our mother…He'll wipe her slate clean…for us…B-But he wanted a t-taste first…And she agreed…He pulled us into the bedroom and…you see he likes children…mainly boys…he-he tried to…." She gasped and pulled herself together as John tried to grab her hands. "He was on top of Lucian…and I had a knife…He was going to hurt my brother…I couldn't let…I-I-I HAD TO…" Lily cried as John wrapped his arms around her as she gasped for breather and clung to him as if only he could save her from drowning in her memories.
SPIKE HIS TEA THEN!
"take the word 'Kilt' put an 'S' in front of it and change the 'L' to an 'R' and you have the word skirt."
After hanging up with Mycroft John ventured upstairs to find a sullen Sherlock sitting outside of the twins bedroom, chin resting on his knees which he drew up to his chest to wrap his arms around them. Good god he looks like a child in time out John thought to himself as he knelt in front of the detective to place his hands on his shoulders. "What happened love?"
Suddenly Lucian burst through the door (John swears that he didn't squeak at all nope not the tough army doctor and If you tell anyone he'll hurt out he can he's had bad days) looking like he was close to tears.
