“This must be where the monks lived,” John said. His breaths were coming in a bit faster than he’d like, and he had to shout to be heard over the wind.
John looked sorry as well, for reasons Sherlock couldn’t quite deduce. “You’ve known since my wedding,” he said. He shook his head, blinked. “God. All the things that have happened since then.”
“You’re not asking me anything,” John said. “And I am not making any sacrifices, not really.
(count twice after I’m fed),
Sherlock studied John’s body, a worried expression on his face. “You’re hurt,” he said.
noise. For a moment, he forgot what he ought to do with his arms and they stuck out on either side of Sherlock’s body, waving in the air like a bug on its back. Sherlock squeezed him tighter and John rested his hands on Sherlock’s back, rubbing at his shoulder blades. Sherlock’s heart was hammering in his chest; John could nearly feel it reverberating through his own body.
Sherlock grabbed at John’s jacket, pulling him close.
“How’d you get so good at accents?” he asked. “Some sort of course in boarding school?”
but you broke my concentration!
He ran a slow finger up the length of his erection, his breath catching in his throat. A bead of pre-ejaculate formed at the tip of his cock and he swirled his thumb around the moisture. His body shuddered at the sensation. He thought of John.
“Right,” John said, forcing himself to break his gaze away from Sherlock’s. “That must’ve been it, then.” He glanced back at Sherlock. He had forgotten his calamity of an accent, which Sherlock noticed but refrained from commenting on. Sherlock smiled and John felt his smile widen. Sherlock still had his hand on John’s arm.
You hide out in an alley several streets over and wait for him. You don’t tell him where you are, but you have a feeling he’ll find you all the same. You have a feeling he was always meant to find you, no matter where you were.
“Wife,” he said. “Daughter.”
you. You’re so used to not being seen (machines don’t notice people) that the whole of it is deeply surprising. The man had deep-sea eyes, the kind that could either be blue or green depending on the angle of the sun, and his brow furrowed at you like he hadn’t expected you to drop even half a quid into his cup. You give him a little wave because you understand how this city can be. You’re a bloody doctor and you’re reasonably certain the whole of the population would trample you to death if you happened to be standing in front of them and an open Tube compartment. You can’t imagine how they treat the homeless.
“Up, John,” Sherlock said. “Look
“I’ve got you,” John whispered into the space where Sherlock’s gills would have been, if he still had gills. No need for such rudimentary organs anymore; he was
“Thanks,” you say.
the lonely and lonesome, rejected, maligned.
John scratched her wooly head. “Glad that’s all over,” he said.
raise them up for all to see.
light flickers on.
“I know I am somewhat out of practice in these matters,” Sherlock said, “ but I do believe that it is expected for individuals in romantic relationships to kiss each other. On occasion.”
his expression asked.
“You…” John stammered. His head was spinning. “You put the cameras…”
John texted.
Sherlock nodded. His face was wet. “I promise, John,” he said. “Together. From this point forward. Together.”
“I’ve no food for you,” John said.
The bit that followed was rather a blur. There was banging and shouting and a gunshot or two and more than a few of the foam coolers managed to get upended, which made the smell in the closet substantially worse, not that John noticed. There was a scuffle and punches thrown and a kick or two neatly placed and a bit of grappling about on the floor. Two of the members of the surgery gang ran off but Sherlock and John were able to subdue two more, plus one member who managed to get himself shot in the leg. Neither Sherlock nor John were particularly sure how that latter bit happened, or at least that’s what they told a suspicious-looking Lestrade after Scotland Yard finally arrived on the scene.
“Besides,” he says. “If we’re the only two real humans in the whole of the city, isn't it best we keep abreast of each other’s whereabouts at all times?”
“No point,” Sherlock said, folding the jumper. “Simply observing.”
“Sleep,” he said.
John cursed. He ached. “Any chance you can tell him to dawdle? Sail around in circles for a bit?”
A bit of an overstep, that, but John meant it as a joke, really. He still wasn’t flirting. Sherlock’s response came instantaneously.
all the things they wish you’d not.
“And then I got back,” Sherlock said, “and I had lost you. I’d lost you. I’d never had you. I would never have you. I’d been wrong.” He shook his head, his voice shaking. “It was worse than torture, being wrong like that. I’d rather have been back in that Serbian prison.”
Gilly blew her nose into her napkin. She rubbed at her eyes with the back of a hand, smudging her mascara ever so slightly. “I believe you,” she said. “I do. I believe you.”
“We’d be racing against the sunset by the end of the trek,” Sherlock said. “And I would assume that a hike along steep, rocky cliffs in the darkness is ill-advised.”
“Well,” John said, returning to his toast. “Now you know.”
“Space the stitches about a half-centimeter apart,” John said. He pointed with a wavering finger.
“Because you’re playing the odds,” John whispered. “As I’ve said—a
Sherlock settled closer to John. He had read this one as well, many times. He had it memorized, in fact, although he thought it best that he keep that bit of information to himself. His hand was still near John’s thigh, and he took some of the loose fabric from John’s trousers into his hand, rolling it between his thumb and index fingers. John reached down from his laptop and settled his hand into Sherlock’s hair, brushing his curls from his face. His voice was still soft, but it had taken on a fond quality, a little hint of affection wrapped around each word that drifted from his lips.
The Blasket Islands are a fascinating place—beautiful and dangerous and other-worldly and harsh—the last spot of land in the Northern Atlantic. All that can live there are the things that fit—a smattering of old Islanders, some brave sheep, a horde of patient seals, and—of course—a single tree. Here he is, sitting proudly atop his beehive, growing strong:
“You see me,” he says.
“After you left this morning,” John said, “I came up here to call her. I was going to try to meet up with her. To tell her that it was over between us.” He glanced at Gilly’s body, still unconscious on the bed. “Then she tried to kill me. Guess she sort of beat me to breaking it off, then.”
John once more. “Hello,” he said. “What’s this?” His gaze dropped to the journal. He ran his finger along the center crease of the little book, feeling for something.
to connect to another human,” John spat. “I may be rubbish at it, but at least I’m not a manipulative, robotic, arse who values relationships so little that they’re willing to leave everybody in the dust the second some criminal web needs dismantling.”
“Have you got fifty quid?” he asks, then glances at you. “Nevermind. You don’t.”
Working at the surgery could be mind-numbing at times. It was the same five to seven presenting issues, day in and day out, attached to a revolving door of unremarkable people. It was barely a valid use of his medical degree. Everything that occurred throughout his day was forgotten the second he left the building, sometimes sooner. He once introduced himself to the same patient three times before being reminded that he actually treated the bloke several times before. When one of his patients passed away from old age or cancer or a car accident or what have you, he gave his condolences and shrugged it off. It was a job. He felt nothing about it, but he wouldn’t have thought he ought to. He wouldn’t have even known he was bored if it weren’t for the army.
Sherlock made another little noise that John couldn’t quite decipher.
Sherlock shifted upwards, wrapping a hand around John’s face. “So you see,” he said, his voice urgent, “you can’t ever leave. You can’t ever do anything like that again. Please. Not ever. You need to stay here with me. Always, John.” His thumb traced over John’s cheek, his lips. “Promise me.”
Mrs. Hudson was overjoyed.
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
Still, Sherlock’s parents won the argument, and Sherlock was to spend a very unhappy Christmas in the countryside with his mum and dad and—unfortunately—Mycroft. Sherlock seemed to choose to cope with the holiday by texting John about his misery in great detail.
“It’s a lovely fireplace,” Hugh said. “Heats the whole cottage up nice and warm. You two’ll have to light a fire before you leave.”
“That’s very romantic of you, John,” Sherlock said, his back to John as socks flew from his dresser. “But it’s just behavior. Physical touch. It is rote. Acting. It means nothing.”
“You know that four of them weren’t even honest about their age?” Sherlock said. “Of all the boring things to lie about.”
“Now tell him about the app,” Mary said.
, that warm scent of garlic and salt that he’d never even realized reminded him of Sherlock until he was practically being punched in the gut with it. He felt a burning start up deep inside him and had a strong urge to flee the place, knocking chairs aside as he darted into the street. He could apologize to Angelo later, likely over a phone call.
John was seeing even with passing lighting being dim, Sherlock had a rash over his chest and back.
The exaustion of several past hours seemed to have overwhelmed both of them,but they were finally home.
"I want sugars for mine, " Sherlock said before yawning, covering his mouth with his free hand.
Am I the only one who's woken up from kicking myself out of bed?
An elevator had been since built in what was a lower room that could not be easily rented out for long.
"John hasn't seen you since Friday,he can take care of his daughter while you leave with us" Mycroft said,with a false calmness.
"I'm fine" John said blandly,as he let his head fall back on the floor "I just rolled off the bed again, but nothing too" he rotated his shoulders and his  injured shoulder started to pain him.
The man blushed and the wife gasped. Figuring out the password, Sherlock went through the messages on his phone.
Consultant with him towards some steps.
"At worst, wake Mrs. Hudson" John mentioned, walking both him and Sherlock forward.
I have things I have to get to,so hopefully this was not rushed too much!
They were outside,and John had propped Sherlock against a tree by the road. He looked up. This many men,that knew and wanted to show respect to Katy had showed up in uniform and pretty much kept the familiar stance and behavior she grew to find support in.... Sherlock's pupils were blown. Even with it getting dark,he might have been mistaken for being under the influence of more than the alcohol. His waves of nerves earlier and insecurity should not have been there. John had an idea how that could be fixed.
"Are they talking about John dressed as Q? I haven't seen him"
Yeah,wrote several stories to go in one chapter, and ended up erasing them all
"Hello,you must be Amber I believe?" John said after walking up to the table.
They took the elevator back to thier rooms. John quickly dressed in boxers,slacks,a button up shirt, and dress shoes while he finally saw Sherlock was busy texting on John's cell wearing nothing but the towel around his waist,curls still dripping.
Wasn't sure what to do with this,then I thought of a song I heard long ago,Never Forget by Lena Katina, and thought that's sad, but maybe something poetic could be made?
" That should be everything,let me get these out of the front, and you two could sign them and should be done. This will clear things up,and make no need having to take a trip to the office" Lestrade said.
"I know, Lestrade told me Anderson set you up with someone to give you a break from me they feel you must need. I looked into it. The woman you would see is one of Andersen's many past encounters, and will likely use you like she has many others. I arranged for her to meet up at another place with someone else looking for an affair. The senator from three cases back?"
"I just hope I *snog* no waiting too long you brilliant ---"
" He must be pretty desperate to be playing with fire, or he must be from another area. Even then, I'm sure word gets out pretty far" one guy said,dressed in a strange,wrinkled, metallic, costume with pointed ears. Not like Sherlock at all,so not human,but not vulcan?
Not all of course, but she needed to start learning about people and differences early on as well.
" He couldn't see things clear enough as is apparent,so he tried to look better using another way. Besides, this was made to look like a murder,but he's been dead for nearly a week" Sherlock said, walking around the body. " He had a very large business that was only growing. He still didn't trust anyone to take care of the paperwork and finances,so he did himself,along with management. The pressure of the business, and keeping a celebrity wife happy got to him. You can see here and here" Sherlock pointed along the slashes on the victims neckline " evidence of rugburn. He hung himself,but with a suicide,the wife would get nothing. She arranged something that would get broadcast everywhere, and set up an invisible straw man to beat on."
Been very busy lately,so there hasn't been much time for this.
He went to the door and pulled the bag of dry cleaned and folded clothes of his and John's without being too visible to the hallway. Took them long enough!
"I did what I could, since there hasn't been any more cheese bought since my last fermentation and mold experiment, but you don't have to look at it like that! The toes and ears are on the very bottom shelf and are not in any part of your sandwich" Sherlock said, watching John with a smirk.
They went inside, and Sherlock smiled and relaxed. Happy to be home, but still keeping a hold of John. They walked to the kitchen, and John filled and started the kettle. He then walked the short distance to get milk he had just bought before this case started, that was still unopened in the door of the fridge.
Love was never meant for me
"There's your murderer right there,you don't get that from a dead or dying body".
"You don't have anything better than that?" John said, grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling him towards the elevators.
Oh yes,then the real adventure comes closer
The lift had the highest floor on what looked like a three walled room on the roof.
The pupils were not small in concentration,and John smiled with his own cup of coffee. Any previous storms from the hospital or underground were now cleared in his eyes.
If John had showered after the fights with suspects, maybe it would be considered good manners if Sherlock showered as well. It seemed to be light outside the windows now, and John liked keeping a morning and all.
"I have nightclothes in my size here. I'll take the first shower, change, then I'll take the bed by the window. I found things you could sleep in and put them and one of the folding chairs by the door so you can set your clothes to dry as well while you shower," Sherlock said before grabbing something folded and walking to the bathroom.
When that side of London required that all schools and parks remove all the sand from thier sandboxes, dried bodies were still changing which sandbox they were to be found in.
Suddenly Sherlock almost had a quick panick. He was coming all over John's chest before he realized what he was doing.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As usual,the skull told no one a thing.
As Sherlock finished his coffee with a few pills,they heard John's phone as it recieved a text.
"It is for chemical castration,often used for men that have prostate cancer. It can be given monthly,or like some birth control options, put in an implant for long term use. It is very good this was found early"
"You're doing very well on the footwork and almost working around my bad shoulder" John explained, "almost,or I wouldn't have taken your shirt,but you have learned fast and you need to keep this as a regular practice in case thier armed,or they have taken you someplace*
At first, John was exhausted and fell in a deep sleep as soon as his eyes were closed. Then later, a few shots could be heard, and he could feel the rumble of enemy tanks coming closer.
Holding his cup to the side,he put his chin on John's head and sighed,lowering his head into John's neck.
All the ones that have come into Sherlock"s life. Looking to outsmart,outwit or charn him somehow. Those never took long to stay gone, even if it was because they were now behind bars.
John smiled. From sentimental to almost affectionate on his own terms. That was the Sherlock few saw many sides of, and no one forgot.(no matter what they thought of him)
"I don't worry over silly details about you. You'll learn,and we'll keep sharing times as long as you'll have me." Sherlock curled an arm around John."Don't get too comfortable,and don't try dating again. I will not share you" he said into John's ear.
Why was he shy around Sherlock? What did it look like when Sherlock was again, undressing in a hurry before bringing his wet clothes to be set to dry?
I'm sure I messed something up, feel free to call me out on any of it!
The man who had said he was not doing a contest patted Sherlock on the back. "That's Carl" he said,"we see him around at different cons,but he is deaf. He texted he was only recently deaf after an accident at his work,so he doesn't have the hang of sign language just yet. Go tell him hi. Well, don't TELL him hi,just text it on your phone and show him. He has his own,so he can text back. He doesn't like trading numbers because he's a very private person"
When John began to kiss back, he nudged him away as he got up and walked to his room.
"Direct, and among other things. We do have a few days before the next storm" Sherlock said, breathing his nose further into John's neck,but hands sliding up inside his shirt.
He crunched and slid down quietly, trying to make sense of what was going on with so little light. After the coat had surged forward pushing upwards, he could see hands moving between the arms and working against being held.( All while he heard what could be slurping,or frantic kissing noises?)
Dinner was merry and resulted in many laughs about the odd observations Sherlock made about the people at the restaurant. It became a game now, for Watson to come up with an absurd story about the strangers that looked particularly notable, and for Sherlock to only give the most out of context details about them. Then Sherlock would reveal the truth, and Watson had no choice but to add on to his initial stories all the randomness Sherlock threw at him and try to be consistent. Sherlock had to muffle his laugh and hide his smile when the waiter came up to their table and had to make sure he didn’t offend someone by saying anything too loud. Before the champagne hit their lips they were already delighted from the amusing, embracing night.
John smirked. “You’re bored off your arse aren’t you?”
’ made him quite a hit with his friends’ mums any time John was invited over for dinner. Admittedly, John rather liked the delighted look he’d received when he’d offer to help prep. That apparently followed him later in life when he had the opportunity to cook for dates at their homes—
that decides if you win or lose.”
John couldn’t fault him for his reaction. It was a stark contrast from what it usually looked like.
“Though I will admit the
by it was more accurate. She was clinging to the molding as Sherlock had described, her head popped out a little farther then her body. The expression on her heart-shaped face seemed troubled to John as she watched over the party’s proceedings.
The DI’s eyes went heavy as soon as the pungent scent wafted its way across his desk and hooted eagerly as John handed it off to him. Lestrade had started picking at the edge of tape sealing the sandwich up when he stopped suddenly, peering sternly over at John. “This is plain rye right?”
“Ho, Ho! You better be careful Lestrade…I might steal this one out from under you.” Collin’s mustache spread wide around his grin.
Getting his bearings, John shoved back his sleeve to squint the time and nearly gasped.
Sherlock Holmes stood poised behind the front desk of the Maison Athénée endeavoring to maintain his sanity whilst the world on the other side endeavored to break it. A veritable battle of wits with the witless.
,” John said low and breathy, struck with a nonsensical worry that talking any louder would spook Sherlock from the divine progression he was making up his finger.
“Deer don’t
It was a warmer month, a brighter month, summer attempting to get into the swing of things after a bitter spring.
On Wednesday Mahir won every single bet he made with the keen advice of his new acquaintance.
“Mary…” He began thoughtfully. “Listen, now I can’t promise anything will come of it but…one of our nurses is about to go on maternity leave in a few weeks. If you get me a copy of your CV, I could pass it on to my supervisor.”
While Sherlock was in the middle of recounting a triple homicide he solved based on a popular brand of lemon candy, John looked around to see not only their small audience—six including Greg and Collins—hanging on the detective’s every word, but that several more guests had filtered in and stayed to listen. And by the time John got finished telling them all about the case in White Chapel with the pickpocketing street performers, his watch was just about to strike nine o’clock.
in play I hadn’t anticipated once I invited you know who onto the roof. I wanted to avoid
“Good.” She handed him an extra napkin before poring him another spot of tea. When John was done blotting and blowing and snuffling she handed him the cup, which he gladly accepted. He sipped at it, almost melting into the comforting heat. He was sure he looked a right mess. Eyes pinked; cheeks blotchy enough that the rosiness made the bruises look even harsher.
John glanced at the calendar stuck to the fridge with bleary morning eyes, waiting for the kettle to boil and seeing that it was nearly the holidays…
“Or an invitation…depending on how you look at it.” He added, the edges of his eyes crinkling as he gave John nothing short of a smarmy grin.
needing his immediate attention. No snide remarks or sulky looks as he was heading out the door. No terribly accurate deductions aimed like spears at poor unsuspecting dates.
tried, and that other man’s appearance being similar triggered a hallucination. That was all.
(See the end of the chapter for
phone call came mid-October some four months after Sherlock’s death, while John was still good and angry. He’d been sitting at home, at Baker Street in the early evening after killing a few hours at the clinic.
Good god the
the only thing left he hadn’t tested…With a grunt, John jettisoned himself backwards onto it, landing with a soft
With a short stack of menus in hand the doctor came to the doorway of the kitchen. “Well I’m more of a Hibs man myself.” He shrugged. “Who they playing?”
A: False. She had lip injections as well.
Mary hummed thoughtfully, assessing him for a moment. She looked about to head off, slipping out of sight before she quickly leaned back in. “You know…if you don’t mind waiting a bit longer, a few of us are going out for drinks at Paul’s after hours. Interested?” Her ears perked.
Just a small wrap up, cause I couldn't put these two down just yet.
Namely, heroin.
“How in the world…” John trailed off in astonishment, turning to Sherlock again. “You had something to do with that, didn’t you?” Sherlock threw him a relatively innocent look and nothing more. “
Sighing into the phone, John tried to formulate what exactly to talk about, now that he apparently had a captive audience.
(ALTERNATIVE: If, you’re not a fan of consuming straight garlic, you could just take two cloves and crush them to break the surface and let the oils out, then put them in the broth to flavor it—you’d remove them later along with the ginger in the step further below.)
It felt like ages since he’d done this. Actually cooked a meal for himself rather than mooching off the graciousness of Mrs. Hudson or quarrying his dinner from a brown paper bag. Neither of which he particularly opposed. However there was a certain level of pride gained from taking a bunch of simple ingredients and crafting something grander out of them.
idea.” Sherlock replied drily.
wasn’t sitting on the dusty floor reading through case files until he couldn’t breathe properly out of his nose. Giggling when he got to the one where Sherlock was forced to dress like a clown.
Admittedly, it was a tad romantic for just attending a convention. Felt a bit wasteful on just him.
For a moment John considered telling him everything. Every messy bit. The non-stop work, the non-existent sleep. The non-existent
The voicemail theory was tested on the fifth call. Not that John had planned to test it, but:
This was the fourth unknown call he’d received, the third was about two weeks before Christmas while he was traveling home from work and John had answered it without even looking at the screen. For some reason the quiet on the other end, every so often popping with static, made him suddenly see red.
“So you do know about it.” John smirked into his wineglass, draining the last of his Marsala before pouring himself half a fresh glass. “I sort of assumed you must have but just didn’t care.”
I recommend grabbing a line of code and pasting it in, hitting return then pasting the next line of code and THEN hit translate. It's a bit easier that way.
The doctor cleared his throat. There was something he’d been meaning to say all night. “Listen I’m—sorry about Mrs. H tearing you off a strip before with the whole—” John sighed, gesturing to his face, embarrassment evident in his tone.
Perhaps by Sherlock staying dead, it meant he could operate on a grander scale, coming and going as he pleased without John or anyone else getting in the way.
came to mind too even if they didn’t fit the allotted space.
Yeah Sherlock’s skills at damage control were pretty lousy. Downright nonexistent at times. But he’d been getting better at it in his own way. John was sure of that.
Sure they’d made regular contact. The very first was a handshake ages ago, then accidentally—fingers brushing as things passed between them: phones, mugs, evidence. Grabbing John by the arm or the shoulders to drag him out of danger or pull him towards it.
However when going to pay for her
John peeled off his damp coat and hung it on the back of a chair near the small, wall-mounted table that sat their microwave. He toed off his shoes and wandered into the living room, leaving the bottle of cognac on their makeshift desk. The heavy curtains had been drawn and the fairy lights were plugged in, bathing the room in a gentle glow.
.-- .... -.-- / -.. .. -.. -. .----. - / ..
He settled with:
“Did you seriously stop a political assassination with
“Developing a tad more than cough syrup I presume.” The younger Holmes supplied, plonking a second cube of sugar into his drink. He stirred it slowly while he waited, watching the tiny granules melt and eventually break apart.
The doctor debated lying there much longer, the tease of dozing off pulling at his edges. It was tempting to the sleep starved, but if he wanted to attempt a proper rest tonight for tomorrow, napping now would do him no favors.
Upon seeing John was looking at her from the corner of her vision, Clair glanced up. “Wrong number.” She shrugged and went back to her work.
It started with a phone call.
Sherlock secured this gecekondu of a bolt hole and in two weeks had established a schedule.
On top of that, the interference itself was completely pointless.
“She doesn’t,” Sherlock replied simply. A fond smile stealing over his darkened face after he observed John for a moment or two.
It was really for curbing or lessening panic attacks, but John found it helpful at other times too. Mostly he used an abridged version: a blowy puff through puckered lips. Sherlock had dubbed it “
.” He gestured to the flat in general, a weariness falling over him. John’s eyes briefly went to the empty leather chair before skittering away to the slowly dying fire in the hearth.
Somehow though Mrs. H made sense of it enough to respond. “Yes you can.” Her hand cupping round his tense neck, the pressure oddly soothing while the other rubbed along his curled back.
Admittedly, it did prove to be a bit of a welcomed distraction; in the past hour Sherlock had devised at least a dozen tests to run on the puckering mattress alone. Dubious secretions notwithstanding, the bed was also farthest away from the room’s only heat source, a haggard radiator he’d moved the chair up to as close as he’d dared.
“Need any sewing needles?” The landlady called from a room situated just off her lounge.
“Well, at least it’s gone to some good use.” John wasn’t at all surprised by Sherlock’s designs for the sweater and if he were honest, was rather touched by them. “You can have a crack at mine too while you’re at it. Put the poor thing out of its misery.”
There was a part of John that thought they’ll do this once. Once and then Lestrade’s conscience will be cleared and they’ll never do it again. Once and he can put this whole thing behind him.
Hauling himself up, John checked his watch (1:22pm) and frowned. He certainly had time to kill. He poked around the guides left for him by the staff, mostly for castles and museums and decided to head to the main of Durham after catching lunch in the inn’s restaurant.
They were friends weren’t they? Wasn’t that John’s campaign this entire time? That friends looked out for one another. Protected each other. And what had he done?
“He owns several thoroughbreds.” Was the last drop of information Mycroft seemed willing to provide before launching in a vain attempt at dissuading him. “Sherlock…if you pursue this, you’ll do so on your own. I’d advise you to reconsider your plans.”
around his mouthful of pastrami at the sight before sitting up. He plopped his sandwich down and grabbed a stray napkin with shiny fingers. “How much do I owe?” Greg asked, leaning slightly to one side and reaching behind him for his wallet.
So remarkable it was at that point John began noticing a suspicious pattern between the eateries Sherlock
It felt a little like shaking hands with doom. And the feeling didn’t dissipate as John began to wind a meandering circuit round the party, stopping to converse here and there when he came across someone he knew. He couldn’t stop a periodic wander of his eyes while he chatted in an attempt to locate Sherlock. Despite Greg’s flat not being that all that large, John couldn’t spot his beloved numpty anywhere.
He’d forgotten just how wonderfully chaotic Turkey was in some areas, almost claustrophobic, its streets churning like veins ready to absorb you into the flow. A bit like London in ways. In all his travels thus far, Sherlock had preferred the assignments that planted him in major cities. He found the thrall familiar, the grit comforting.
John shifted in his seat and tried to refocus. Granted he wasn’t exactly in any rush to complete this or anything else for that matter. The only thing on tap today was lunch with Mrs. Hudson and that wouldn’t be happening till at least noon.
Sherlock had been a touch dubious about actually trying it, but after giving the open bottle a curious sniff he wasted no time having a sip when John handed him the glass. He’d surprised John then by taking a second, larger swig and proclaiming he quite liked the hints of spicy butterscotch and dark chocolate.
Rarely, did their personal bubbles collide and fuse outside a case. So, in the event they were holed up together, John came to relish having these often silly, sometimes surprisingly introspective conversations.
,” Sherlock corrected, but not unkindly. “And not exactly. It was skin cells and particles of beach sand
Though it was cooler that night then it had been all day, he opted to fold the massive covering down to the footboard and use the flat sheet underneath as a blanket instead.
“You about done there?” John cocked a brow as the sitting room returned to focus. “I can’t go. You won’t let me.” He frowned, appearing displeased with his own statement. “Well…technically you won’t let
Sherlock shrugged, shifting from one foot to the other and gliding closer into John’s space. “I observed the difference in length of the nails on Mrs. Andrew’s left hand verses her right when Lestrade was interviewing her. A sign they’d been recently broken and then filed and repainted. That, along with the distinctive arched bruising on her left palm. Found to be identical with the curvature of the base of the statue.”
Both men leaned towards the seam they’d left between the two heavy sliding doors of the closet. Sherlock had peered out, his eyes narrowed for the longest moment before he glanced at John who shrugged at the resounding silence, when suddenly there was the quiet slide of a dresser drawer being opened.
Anderson and Lucy lingered in the hall entry for a moment or two, quietly speaking to each other before joining the rest of the party, one bloke giving the forensic pathologist a congratulatory clap on the arm, making Philip tense up and then laugh.
It certainly didn’t help that one of major news stations ran a piece on Sherlock and that it was the anniversary of his death.
Sherlock’s features clenched, fingers curling inward so tightly his nails bit into his palms. The keenness of them digging had a dampening effect. Like steam venting from an over pressured pipe. Slowly he released them along with a wavering breath, smoothing his hands against the chair’s arms, letting the threadbare upholstery erase away the indents in his skin.
Fun fact: This chapter and the one before it were actually planed to be in all the same chapter.
. At the moment he couldn’t rightfully make himself get up if he tried. Now that he’d stopped, John could feel the lethargy of deprived rest throughout his limbs.
“You look things up all the time!” John barked a laugh, quieting down as he remembered the time of night and that he wasn’t alone in the building, even if he was more than likely the only one awake. “No. You’re just miffed I got as far as I did with nothing but a list of numbers and a search bar.” He snarked before it was caught up in a yawn. “Scuse’me.” John muttered when it passed, giving a loud sniff.
"Deal." John let his eyes slide shut. "Just give me a few minutes. I don't think I could even manage an army crawl at the mo."
touches. No reason for it. No need.
. I think we once had an entire debate on brands of toothpaste in the back of a lorry.”
) for him.
is that?”
? It appeared early afternoon, but that couldn’t be. Could it?
—just—” Whatever he’d been attempting to convey dissolved into a low, choked whine as the broad pad of a fingertip located the gland, glancing by it. Sherlock kept to the outskirts, petting carefully around the smooth bulge but not rubbing it directly.
—spare.”
Lou grunted in reply, barely giving her a glance as she headed out. A moment later he inverted his phone, sliding out a keyboard and began typing.
flatmate’s bed. The one she was under the steadfast opinion that he’d been in a romantic relationship with despite every single one of John’s protests (
“Murder in Paradise.” Collins added elatedly with the point of a thick finger, grinning beneath his bushy mustache. “But what tipped you off about her in the first place?”
“Number two-thirty-eight,
Now, ruling out Mycroft spying on him, what would someone gain from letting John ramble on without prompt? It wasn’t like he knew anything of importance at this point. And he suspected it wasn’t to hear about work and his ruddy cooking mishaps.
“I think we’re all just…trying to keep Sherlock alive in our own ways.”
The far off ticking of the clock in the kitchen had a lulling effect and John shut his eyes, letting the sounds settle over him like a blanket. His pillow, the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest and the deep steady thrum of his heart within.
Lucy broke from the kiss first, giggling and blushing furiously. She tucked her face away over Anderson’s shoulder for a moment while Philip gave the room a thank you wave and looked positively elated himself.
It seemed he wasn’t the only one struck quiet by the suggestion; there was a pronounced stretch of silence on the other end of the line until Sherlock quickly filled it with: “Mrs. Hudson.”
Sinking into his chair, John plopped the morning paper next to him, folded open to the daily crossword puzzle and descended on a particularly strong cup of Earl Grey. He was out of milk, which was surprising considering he was the only one drinking it. He would have opted for a dash of sugar instead but he was out of that too. In fact John had a pretty good suspicion he was out of a lot of things that couldn’t be begotten by a telephone.
At least he was when John was down and out lying. He had managed to slip a few fibs past the Holmesian radar a handful of times. Usually when his flatmate was focused on something else.
“Yeah. Alright.” He replied after a spell, earning him a warm smile from the DI.
happen to the jumper I got you?”
He supposed in a way, it could be safer talking here then back at Baker Street with Mrs. Hudson in possible earshot. As it were, anyone catching a bit of John’s conversation now had no context. He could be talking to anyone. He just had to be mindful to not refer to Sherlock by name.
dead part. What sort of mission was Sherlock on that required him to stay deceased?
So John had hit the bog, got some water, gazed out onto the dark stillness of Baker Street from one of the sitting room’s windows, and then went back to bed to read until he got drowsy again. He had some success with that, buying him a few consistent hours, but at that point the damage was already done. John could feel the lost rest in the ache of his limbs and the tentative start of a migraine in the front of his skull.
” and a wink as they passed one another. A simple diversion so she wouldn’t notice her cart had suddenly relocated itself. Worked like a charm.
, but you’ll pay out the nose for a bottle of wine you’ll use what John, twice at best?”
“Good thank you. Here, have a look.” Mary withdrew her hand from her pocket, taking a step or two closer as she presented her palm. John scooted towards the edge of his seat and leaned. He’d personally removed the stitches just over two weeks ago and the resulting scar seemed to be developing quite nicely. The scar itself was uniform, raised and a warm rosy pink at its deepest end, but showed no sign spreading. By the time it descended and turned pale, there would barely be any indication of the injury at all.
“I mean with that.” John sighed again, motioning to the side table by his own armchair. Where usually there sat a dreadful paperback or that morning’s paper was the small bag of powder. Sherlock eyes widened at its sudden presence, entranced for a moment by firelight shining gold and splendid on the plastic surface. His mouth opened then shut, any semblance of a reply lost before it even had a chance to form.
As he finished his nearly cold coffee, John plugged in his mobile and opened the call log. As he suspected there were two calls from the clinic, one from Sarah’s personal mobile and one unknown number.
Sherlock had hung them proudly with a magnet on the fridge for two weeks.
He had to. All of this, every step, every encounter, every day had to be worth the price of the life he abandoned to keep it safe.
“I’m worried about him is all. I mean it’s almost—” Greg’s words died on his lips as he came to a halt. Of course Mycroft knew what
. Or at least what used to be considered interesting.” Greg mused a little sadly, nodding to the stack of papers and folders he’d moved aside.
So on that note, enjoy!!!
Not that John had made it a practice to lie to him. Really he was just trying to maintain some semblance of privacy. And living in an environment surrounded by CCTV cameras and a man who could literally smell lies sometimes made that tricky to do.
Harry never developed a taste for the culinary like he did. She’d flit in and out while they cooked, sniping a cherry tomato or slice of mushroom over John’s shoulder. Usually just before snickering in his ear how
lackadaisical goodbye.”
he convinced himself as he had arranged that the clinic could give out his number in case of emergencies. John retrieved the phone, clearing the thickness from his throat before accepting the call.
. It was 1:21pm.
doctor returned an hour later with Sherlock’s x-rays, he knew the damage was done.
“I’ll be here.” John replied. As the call ended, he pulled the mobile from his ear, rubbing his thumb over the blackened screen. He glanced up, finding Sherlock’s chair in his direct line of sight and a brief swell of absence wash over him.
“Ta for listening, I guess.”
Somehow they got onto the subject of friends and colleagues as John ate his dinner at the table in the sitting room, curtains shut tight and fire blazing in the hearth. But not before snapping a dim photo of his plate at Sherlock’s request and texting it over. Despite a small gripe about John having used frozen green beans instead of fresh steamed ones like he usually did (
“Collectively.” Mycroft amended proudly, his oily smile widening as Sherlock’s face fell and the younger Holmes quickly turned his focus back to the hearth to stare sullenly at the flames.
Just him in some dilapidated room in the middle of Europe with 50 mg of the cleanest heroin he’d ever encountered. Just him slumped in this chair, or perhaps lain out on the tarnished wooden floor feeling so blissfully warm—too warm. Just him as his respiration dwindles and his vision tunnels—had he really become
“Yeah?”
. You know my Nan had two of them downstairs in her laundry room one summer. Made the walls look like Swiss cheese!”
Bidding Lestrade goodbye, Mycroft rang off and sat back at his desk, deep in the heart of the Diogenes Club.
In fact, some of John’s fondest childhood memories were helping his mum in the kitchen—making dinner like this or a weekend lunch, and unquestionably whenever there was any variety of baking involved.
Though, Sherlock was partially incorrect with his assessment. It wasn’t the concept of the stakeout that attracted John, not entirely at least. It was spending time with his friend.
!” He rasped.
There was something still strangely thrilling about this to John; sneaking in a hearty snog where they could be easily caught in the act. They were barely out of sight from the landing of the steps above and could clearly be spotted by anyone coming in through the front door.
Lestrade nearly shot stout through his nose.
Just then his waitress resurfaced, walking towards his table. “How is everything sir?”
Ella called it “
Mrs. Hudson retrieved her own mug, wrapping her fingers—bare save for a pair of royal blue fingerless gloves around the worn porcelain. “I’m just at my wits end with the blasted thing.”
“Any preferences?”
It certainly didn’t help that the piece also featured John. Briefly, but it was enough that he started getting phone calls again.
He gave an impressive
Sherlock’s boyfriend—or lover, or partner, or
“So you want…
“And thirds, and fourths.” John huffed with laugh, rolling his brow against the tight knit of the man’s coat and taking a moment to breathe him in. Wool, London, and the faded (
In the very center of the room sat a small LED lit Christmas tree, perhaps only a foot and a half in height on a wide glass coffee table. Several guests had gathered round it, taking up the available sitting space on Greg’s mismatched leather furniture.
The reserved room was far nicer than John expected. Though…the pale creamy colored wallpaper with dainty pink and yellow flowers and delicate swirling vines left a little to be desired. Luckily it only ran halfway down the wall where it met with a simple chestnut-stained wood paneling, the same color as the floorboards.
In an attempt to cut Mary off at the pass, Sherlock pushed the two of them to travel through Estonia nonstop. She was most likely to leave from a port out of Tallinn, so he and John stopped there for the night. Sherlock was hoping he would hear back from his contacts before making a blind guess as to whether Mary was heading to Helsinki or Stockholm, but so far his mobile had been silent.
. Just a feeling I got, is all.”
“You are purposefully choosing,” John said, “to ignore what this means. What
. Which led me to Dunquin Vaults, a safe deposit box facility. The key was for a box. The last five digits in the string identified the numbers on the box. Which means...” He released John and whipped the duffel bag off his shoulder, ripping the zipper open to reveal its contents.
Sherlock draped himself back over John’s shoulders, lifting up the lid to his laptop and pulling up John’s blog. “With ease,” he said, clicking the button to start a new post. He waggled his fingers and pressed himself forward again, his arms on either side of John and his chest pushing against John’s back.
with the kind of force that John needed. “Don’t misunderstand me,” Sherlock growled. “All that bloody jumper is doing is standing in the way of me taking you apart.”
“I like the pink,” Mary said, in a tone that usually ended arguments. “But you can paint it if you want.” She smiled, as if this was some sort of olive branch. She nearly killed his best friend—actually
He’s still looking at you. “Just about,” he says. His lips press to his pint glass once more and you aren’t sure he’s even blinked. “You come here often.” Coming from anybody else, it would have been a question. From him, it isn’t.
“Why?” John spat. “Is he right behind us? We’ve absolutely no reason to pretend to be some sort of couple if the killer isn’t around.”
“Jesus
Claire O’Sullivan jogged down one of the hills towards them. “There you lot are,” she called. “I was beginning to think the sea had taken you.”
“This is kind of sad,” John said. “Whatever it is he did, I think this bloke regrets it. I think he just did it for his family.”
The heat from the fire had risen into the bedroom, and the little room didn’t have as much of a chill as the night before. John’s aching legs rejoiced as he lay himself down under the covers, rolling onto his side and tugging the blankets up around him. He could feel sleep already sinking upon him, loosening his muscles and turning his thoughts to a swirling mush. The room was nearly pitch black and still as death, only the faint whoosh of the wind outside punctuating the silence.
Sherlock was hard. Just as hard as John was.
apologies from Sherlock Holmes in twenty-four hours?” John asked. “Someone ought to phone the papers.”
He was downstairs, putting the tools back into the storage closet when his mobile exploded.
“They’d been leaving bit by bit for years,” Claire said. “You might’ve guessed just by glancing at the size of this place, but not many people lived here even at its peak. At most, just over a hundred fifty people lived here. By the 1940s, only forty or so Islanders remained. By the 1950s, that number dropped into the twenties.”
He fell backwards onto the bed, trying to let his body sort through the odd mix of arousal and worry and disappointment that seemed to be throbbing through his innards. His arm flopped to the side and he felt the warm patch where, until just a moment ago, Sherlock lay. John rolled to his side, running a hand along the divot in the mattress where Sherlock once was. For someone who woke this morning complaining about being cold, he sure seemed to give off a lot of heat. Or perhaps that was the both of them.
—” he turned, glancing back towards Sherlock, but Sherlock was gone.
to wank—but it took nearly all the self-control he had.
The two returned to their flat on Boxing Day. John didn’t have to be back at the surgery until Tuesday. Sherlock was still trapped in the countryside with his parents. He and Mary had nothing but time on their hands. Hours and hours of time alone, just the two of them. To be married to one another.
“No,” Sherlock said. “There isn’t.”
John thought.
“I’m not asking that,” Mary said. “I know the two of you have never been romantically involved. You’ve said that before. You’ve said that rather a lot, actually. You say it as if you’re bothered by it.”
The man might have thought so as well, because he released John’s throat and strode towards the front of the boat. “
“Is that not where I’ve been speaking?”
Sherlock steered John towards the telly, pushing him down onto Sherlock’s chair with a two-handed grip on his shoulders. “There is so much more to it than just the three doors, John,” he said.
Yes, the man was definitely trying to choke back a laugh, that much was clear.
“That’s not true,” John said. “You had Lestrade and Molly and…”
“First,” Sherlock slid aside a corner of the curtain with a finger, “we find him. Then we catch him.” He nodded in the direction of the coat-rack by the door, where his Belstaff hung. “In my coat pocket you’ll find your gun.”
“You can sell anything on the black market,” said Sherlock. “The current rate for intestines is just under two thousand pounds. Fairly affordable, all things considered. And John’s supposed answer to the Monty Hall problem is fallacious, as there is no added benefit to switching one’s choice after the host opens a door.”
“I was trying to learn about him,” he says. “As I said, that’s what I do. I gather information. Solve puzzles. Sometimes the puzzles are people. Those are the fun ones. It’s like trying to solve a puzzle that doesn’t want to be solved.”
“I love you,” John said. “Sherlock. I love you so much and I’m done. I’m done pretending. I’m done pretending I haven’t wanted you since the day we met. I’m done telling people we’re not a couple when this is the best relationship I’ve ever had. I’m done standing next to you with my hands in my pockets when all I want to do is grab you and shag you into next week. I can’t do it anymore. I can’t. If you don’t feel… If you don’t want…” John swallowed. “That’s fine. I’ll cope. But Christ, Sherlock. I love you so much and I’m through pretending I don’t.”
“Okay,” John said. “Okay.”
“Yeah,” John said. “I’m fine.”
it, hadn’t fully faced the reality of losing John in his mind until this moment. It felt like emptiness, the thought of being without John. It felt like stepping away from reality into a pit of nothingness, black and soundless and meaningless for all eternity. It seemed like the keenest sort of torture, and Sherlock was properly convinced that he would never be able to withstand it. Sherlock stared down at John’s leg—half-stitched and still a bit bloodied—and felt the swirl of panic start to suck the air from his lungs.
HOLY CHEESE NUGGETS THE STORY HAS ENDED. Thank you all endlessly for reading, commenting, kudos’ing, rec’ing, or in any other way encouraging this little fic-writing habit of mine. Have I mentioned that I love you? Because I do. I hope you all one day get to frolic among the sheep and the seals, should you wish.
to be sure that you are certain of this.”
“Still no signs of infection,” John said. “That’s good.” He tossed the bandages into the trash and moved closer to Sherlock, placing both hands on his sides as he examined the wound. Sherlock kept his hands planted firmly in his lap. John had seen his fair share of injuries and was certainly not squeamish; he treated each dressing change with a calm and professionalism Sherlock was sure his patients saw regularly. However, there was a tightness to his lips and his jaw was clenched, teeth grinding together. John remained looking at the wound long after he finished inspecting it for infection, blinking rather a lot, his hands still on Sherlock’s sides. A warm buzzing started at the edges of Sherlock’s ears.
that lingered on the furniture
“We’ll figure it out,” Mary said. She blinked out some of the wetness in her eyes. “I’m coming back, you know. I won’t be gone forever. I’ll be back in London. Soon. And once I get back, I’ll want to see you. I’ll want to talk about this.”
“Lovely,” Gilly said. She leaned back a bit, slipping further away from the camera. John could see that she was sitting on her sofa again, the brightly-colored one. She was wearing a floral print blouse that was also quite brightly colored. Her makeup was all pinks and blues. She looked, John decided, like a garden. “Well. I’ve been thinking, you see.”
that John seemed to possess. He didn’t point out that John and Mary were spending most of their time away from each other as of late, driven apart by forces greater than the birth of their child. He didn’t point out that John stayed awake at half-three solely to text with Sherlock, that he seemed happier talking to Sherlock about nothing than he had in months. Sherlock didn’t point out any of that. He wasn’t an idiot.
He grins at you, breathless. He’s still got his hand splayed across your back, holding you close. His mouth dips low and then he’s kissing—no, bloody
The morning air was cold and John could feel Sherlock’s sudden absence in his bones. His brain searched for something he could say that would bring Sherlock back, that would get the two of them wrapped up together again, breathing each other in, connected at all points. He sighed. There wasn’t much of a point to that, now was there?
John was performing mental calculations in his head. He might be able to get past her, but the way she held that gun made him think she would get a bullet in him fairly soon after. John’s own gun was still in his bag, sitting just by the door to the flat, completely ignored.
Now that the lights were closer, Hugh’s face was more visible. His eyes widened. “Kill you?” he said. “No. No, I wasn’t trying to kill you. I…”
“Nope,” Sherlock answered. “He has a crick in his neck and a stiff back and his sleep was approximately thirty percent more fitful than it is when he sleeps in his own bed. He’ll need a nap just after lunch, which will delay his sleep onset tonight by nearly an hour. As such, he’ll be tired again tomorrow as well. A vicious cycle that will resolve itself just in time for him to stay the night away from Baker Street again.” Sherlock punctuated his words with a firm click on the keyboard. “Also, they didn’t shag.”
“That’s right,” John said.
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said, hoisting a cheerful smile onto her face, “I’m sure you’ll be thrilled to have this nasty business behind you, John.”
John shot a quick look at the Sherlock who wasn’t really there.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled, her gaze darting to John. John grinned at her. They both enjoyed it when Sherlock was like this—grinning and energetic and not madly digging through Mrs. Hudson’s drawers in search of his revolver.
Sherlock said, although he realized that he said it much, much later and John had already left. And
Dusk had turned into proper night and the island dipped into an all-encompassing darkness that was downright unsettling. John became keenly aware of how acclimated he had grown to the perpetual light of the city—the glow of the streetlights, the flash of a headlight through the window, the lamps on in the sitting room during Sherlock’s strange hours. It had never occurred to him how familiar a light always being on somewhere was until there were none to be seen, only the dim flicker of lights the mainland across the sound and the pinpricks of stars in the sky, hardly enough to cast a glow on anything.
John puffed out a breath, heavy and unsteady. His words felt nettled, pricking at his throat on the way out. “This can’t happen anymore,” John said, “You and I. It isn’t fair to Mary. It isn’t right.”
Sherlock stood by the door. His back was straight and he was a lean line, a firm, commanding presence to mystify the throng—quintessentially Sherlock Holmes. He looked towards John.
“You’ll recall I asked if you wanted to go to hospital,” Sherlock said. He hauled John up the sixth step, arm firmly wedged underneath John’s armpit.
,” John said, louder this time. He shook at Sherlock’s side, jostling him into wakefulness. “Sherlock, wake up.”
Panic shot through John, screaming and sharp. He couldn’t breathe nearly as fast as his body wanted him to, and each inhale was a sharp hiss through his nose, each exhale rattling the tape over his lips. He was growing dizzy. His heart felt in danger of exploding. Sherlock was in danger. Sherlock was in a lot of danger. The panic only intensified.
John took just enough of a break from breathing to smile. “Hi,” he said. The words stung his throat.
.” He bit at Sherlock’s nipple, his cock throbbing at the sound it drew from Sherlock. “You can hold doors for me or you can insist I hold them for you. Or you can slam them in my face. I don’t care.” He mouthed down Sherlock’s stomach, hands on Sherlock’s hips, holding his writhing body still. “Just don’t stop touching me,” he said. “Don’t ever stop touching me.”
. Something there, right?” He looked up at Sherlock, face hopeful. A complicated bit of emotion, hope.
“More, Sherlock,” John gasped. “Christ. I need more.”
, after reading this website.
“He hid out in here,” Sherlock said. The rock walls took his voice, made it sound rough and booming. “He anchored his boat soundly and he waited. He scaled the cliffs when he thought we weren’t watching. He took his time.” John didn’t have to look at Sherlock to know that he was impressed.
“John was enjoying the bathtub just this morning,” Sherlock said, nuzzling his nose against John’s hair.
“Oh god,” John moaned. He rubbed his hands over his face, then immediately remembered that his hands were meant to be covering a very specific part of himself. “Oh
“What?” he asked.
Sherlock twisted his arm, wrenching free from John’s grip. John’s fingers likely bruised him, but Sherlock didn’t flinch. John thought Sherlock might retreat, carry on down the path, but instead he stepped closer. His face was angry, daring.
Then Sherlock’s arms were around him with such force that it nearly knocked the breath out of him. Sherlock clamped his arms around John and pulled him in tight. John’s chin knocked against Sherlock’s collarbone and he made a little
Sherlock scanned the carnage around them. He seemed to be doing mental math. “At first glance,” he said, “all parts appear to be accounted for. Just—not in the order they’re meant to be.” He looked back at John. “I know you’re a bit more accustomed to human bodies, but care to venture a guess as to time of death?”
“Of course,” he says. “It’s a
“It’s a long shot,” Sherlock says.
The larger man switched the boat back into neutral, the roar of the engine dimming once again. His hand slipped from the tiller briefly before he snapped himself upright, fingers tightening around his gun. He kicked at John once more, seemingly out of habit. He was dipping under, but he was fighting it.
“Yes,” John said. He carefully avoided eye contact. “I have.”
“Exactly,” John said, and he couldn’t believe how much the single word hurt to say.
hurt you. I’ve hurt you.” He swallowed. “I thought I could stop you hurting, but then
“Me?” John asked. “Fine. Yeah.”
A memory of the night before flickered in John’s mind, the two of them in bed together, Sherlock pressed to John’s arm, hand on his chest. John asking him not to go. The two of them drifting off, nearly close enough for their noses to touch, while a sheep was being sliced open by the werewolf the two of them were meant to be hunting.
“Not with
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. When John glanced towards Sherlock, Sherlock was staring at him with an expression John couldn’t quite read. His face was carved in shadows, the dark of the cave deepening his already sharp features, but the reflection of the light on the water shone against him. He looked oddly like a faerie, John decided. The ones who creep through the woods at night and cause mischief.
“Fake boyfriend,” John repeated. “Fake. It’s just for a case, I promise you. Sherlock, he doesn’t do relationships, not real ones. He’s never even dated anyone before, I don’t think. He isn’t interested in things like that.” After all, Sherlock made that abundantly clear, right from the start.
“Sherlock…” John started.
“What would you do?” Mary asked. “If he felt those sorts of things. For you. What would you do?”
John’s shirt was stuck to his chest and his pants felt slick against him and he was fully aware that he stunk of sex. He didn’t even want to be in a cab with himself at the moment.
“You haven’t seen Sherlock, have you?” John asked.
“Mary,” John said.
Sherlock nodded. Meeting John’s eyes was suddenly a challenge.
John quirked his head towards Sherlock. “Is that Sweeney Todd?” he asked. “Because that song has a rather different take on the place.
“It’s strange,” Mary laughed. “It feels a bit like you’re introducing me to your ex-boyfriend or something.”
“Still not snogging, of course,” Sherlock said. “But as I mentioned before, there are other ways to make it seem as if we’re kissing without actually doing so.”
John had managed to smooth out the knives in his throat and his angry tears were mostly gone by the time Sherlock parked the car on the side of the street, but the ball of lead in his gut seemed to have taken up long-term residence. He wasn’t particularly sure how he was meant to spend the day with this man, this man who so clearly didn’t want him around anymore. Each glance at Sherlock’s face was a new pain, so John endeavored to look at him as little as possible. He very much wished that they could skip to the part of the day where a serial killer chopped them up. That sounded much more pleasant in comparison.
John’s mobile buzzed again. He flicked the message notification away, not even reading it. He was busy. He was not being passive aggressive. He was
John squirmed underneath Sherlock, his wrists wriggling against Sherlock’s grip, needing touch more than he had ever needed anything. Sherlock remained planted firm above him, looking down without touching, burning him alive with his stare.
And of course: https://arwamachine.tumblr.com/
“There’s a
As if on cue, the waiter walked by again, smiling at the table. Sherlock grabbed at John’s hands once more, proving his point.
It was John who came first, shouting and thrashing and coming in pulsing spurts, slicking Sherlock’s hand further. John felt the world dip into static and was vaguely aware of Sherlock gasping his name. He tugged Sherlock’s mouth onto his and Sherlock had his eyes open, watching John with something akin to awe. Sherlock’s body went rigid and his mouth dropped open and he made the most glorious sound and then he was coming, stroking himself furiously, painting John’s chest in warm white streaks.
“Right.”
Sherlock mumbled something that sounded like an agreement. “The sheep will still be dead in the morning.”
“That’s just Sherlock,” John said. “Being a dick.”
“You’re investigating dead sheep?” John asked as Sherlock strode back into the room, rolled-up map in his fists.
“I really shouldn’t. What about
“Pretty sure there’s some sort of law against that,” John said. “Interspecies romance. Seems frowned upon.”
“I swear to Christ above, Holmes,” John spat. “You are to take this line of inquiry seriously.”
“Right,” John said. “If the choices were whittled down randomly. But they aren’t. The host doesn’t pick a door on a whim. He purposefully opens the door with the goat behind it.”
Sherlock added the used gauze to the now-considerable pile of discarded medical equipment surrounding the bin and fumbled for a bandage. He was remarkably eager to fully bandage John up, to cover up the wound once and for all and get John on the way to being healed. He needed John to be back in one piece as soon as possible, preferably before the both of them left the loo.
“Well,” John said, “good for the contestants, then.”
“We shagged,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock groaned. “Get to the
John tried to button his shirt but half the buttons were missing. He looked down at himself. He hadn’t cleaned off before he leapt out of the bed, and semen was soaking through the fabric of his shirt. His clothes were wrinkled, stained, torn in places. John tipped his head back. “Christ,” he moaned. “I look guilty as sin.”
John tilted his head down towards the pot. The steam brushed against his face. He pinched his eyes shut. “Mycroft did this on purpose, didn’t he?” he asked no one in particular. “He told you about the bloody Monty Hall problem just to drive me mad.”
Sherlock gestured vaguely to a laptop—John’s laptop, in fact—that sat open on the table. John sighed and walked over to the computer, adjusting the screen so he could read whatever Sherlock was referring to. John had changed his password sometime in the past few months—his solicitor told him it was a good idea to change all passwords after a legal separation—and he thought he made it fairly secure, with the numbers and capital letters and special characters and everything. Sherlock guessed the thing in a matter of minutes. John considered changing it again, but there didn’t seem to be very much of a point to it.
“Is this your ideal life, then?” John asked. “Reveling in the solitude of the island? Finding God in the silence like those monks?”
Before you can think of a response, he’s kissing you and this, you realize, is the answer. It’s a lightbulb moment, a sort of
John initially didn’t find the soft pressure against his back to be in any way unusual. He was still fading in and out of sleep, bits of dreams lingering in his head. He could tell that the sun had risen, a dim light peeking behind his eyelids. A part of his head yawned and reminded him that there may have been something or other he was meant to do today. As his brain slowly started to come back online, it noticed that several things were unusual. First, the room was far too quiet—no rumble of motors or blaring of horns of cars passing by on the street, nothing to be heard except the occasional gust of wind and the faint sound of breathing. Additionally, the bed seemed different—the blankets were scratchier and the mattress a bit firmer than John was used to in his own bed. Finally, there was someone touching him.
The door flew open and Sherlock burst inside. “John,” he called, ”we’re going into town immediately.”
John heard a rustling downstairs, quiet puffs of air as candles were extinguished. The faint smell of sulfur drifted up to him. He heard a shifting of feet on wood, then the creak of the stairs—slowly, one at a time. There was a pause in the noise, a moment of hesitation just outside of the bedroom door. A faint rattle of a doorknob, as if a hand was placed upon the knob without turning, just resting, deciding. Unmoving.
Sherlock waved away Plan 2. Plan 2 was a fat, black fly whining insistently around his head that he would love to see splattered in the palm of his hand. Unfortunately, he was never quite fast enough to strike it. It droned on, undeterred. It made Plan 17 seem even more appealing.
*           *           *
Sherlock wondered what John was wearing. Pyjamas, likely—loose fitting cotton trousers and a plain vest. He thought about asking John to confirm—these things are impossible to deduce over text—but thought better of it. For his part, Sherlock wondered if he ought to put some trousers on. Some pants, at least. Texting John in this state seemed a questionable idea at best. Sherlock made no movement towards his clothes. His free hand ran across his stomach, fingertips drifting across cool skin. He tapped another message into his mobile.
“What?” John asked.
“We’re a mess,” he said.
“The bloody dolphin they were prattling on about,” Sherlock said, waving an arm at the sea. “The one in the Sound. The one they all think is friends with the fisherman. It’s a ruse. A trick.”
“I was worried the cuts were too deep,” John said. “Nicked a tendon. I was worried you wouldn’t be able to play the violin the same.”
The drop may be sharp and the rocks unforgiving,
. I don’t want to die in a storage closet, arguing with you about the bloody Monty Hall problem.”
Another sigh. “The one with the jellyfish?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Boring.”
You call in sick.
Lestrade was fiddling with something, pulling his mobile out of his pocket. “I maybe should have just let you go on not knowing,” he said. “I maybe shouldn’t keep on about it. But...if it were me, I guess I would want to know.” He held his mobile out between the two of them. He had a voicemail pulled up. He hit
The light was on in the window of the flat; Sherlock, of course, was at home and awake. He always heard the door open, always heard visitors as they climbed the stairs into the flat. He had long since memorized John’s footsteps and would know it was him.
“What indeed,” John said.
never bothered me.”
“When we hear him,” Sherlock whispered, “you are to call the police immediately.”
“So,” Sherlock said, meeting Gilly’s gaze with a look of great interest. “You’re the Holiday Killer.”
The dinghy bumped up against the little concrete landing strip and Will barked at them that they had arrived. John followed Sherlock off the boat, slinging his bag over his shoulder and more than a little thankful to be back on solid ground once more. The world still swayed a bit beneath his feet and John looked at the steep climb ahead with trepidation. There wasn’t so much a path per se as there were spaces in the jutting rocks that seemed more trodden than others. A rope handrail spanned along the rocks, and John planned on making ample use of the small source of assistance. The damp rocks glinted in the sun.
Another impressive string of profanity flew from John’s lips as he heaved himself onto the first step.
Sherlock released him, practically shoving him away with both hands. John stumbled backwards slightly, a leg knocking into one of the kitchen chairs. Sherlock was across the room in an instant, his back fully towards John, a hand in his hair.
The odds of me messing something up about the various countries mentioned in this chapter and the next are SUPER high. If you spot a mistake, please let me know! Internet research can only take you so far...
Fitz sat himself on the ground, the object still in his mouth. As John stepped closer, he noticed that it was a pad of paper. Declan’s journal, which John realized he had never picked up from the spot he dropped it before he chased after the sheep-murderer the day before.
“How in the bloody hell,” John asked, “can a sound be
Then Mycroft cleared his throat.
“It’s all right,” John said. “I can help you.”
label Mrs. Hudson hurled at John. John had no idea what to do with any of it, so he did nothing and the two sat in silence, slowly sipping wine as the fire crackled.
Sherlock calculated out the most probable route that Mary took, as well as the most likely city she would stop in for the night. Sherlock said he still had connections in a few cities in Poland—Warsaw and Krakow—but he wouldn’t be surprised if they were all dead. “Not necessarily violent deaths,” Sherlock said. “One of them was very old.” He found them a car and John texted Molly to check in on Rosie. Rosie, apparently, had been crying for most of the morning. John felt a stab of guilt.
He heard the rustle of blankets from Sherlock’s bed, a soft, rhythmic motion. “You…” Sherlock breathed. “You had your…”
“Yeah,” John said, cramming a leg into his trousers, “not sure I am this time.”
“Um,” Sherlock says, “not exactly.”
the wait is finally through,
Ah, he thought. Come to collect the sheep carcasses. He pressed his eyes shut. They had managed to clear away the sheep carcass from their first day on the island—rolling it up in a tarp and moving it closer to the harbor—but hadn’t done anything with this morning’s discovery. And, of course, Sherlock wasn’t around to help John with the little chore. He set his cup of tea on the table in the cottage and started down the hill to meet the boat as it arrived.
John lifted his hands at his sides.
John jogged after him. “So,” he said. “Is this the part where we call the police? Tell them we’ve got security footage of a notorious gang of bank-robbers?”
“Like I said,” Claire said, “you fit. The
“You’re going to...not really kiss me?” John’s brow furrowed.
it? I’m not exactly some genius consulting detective, but even
John pushed himself up into sitting. “How do you do that?” he breathed. He felt as if each inconvenient little thing he felt was written on his face in permanent ink.
“They all
“Don’t go,” John said again, and he might have meant more than just the moment. He might have meant forever—don’t leave again. Don’t pitch off another building and leave him behind, off on an adventure that was decidedly not an adventure, likely never to return this time. Don’t leave his side, not ever. Don’t leave him to the chaos of his own mind and the terrible tedium that was life without Sherlock Holmes. Don’t leave him. John might have meant all of that, but he was still a bit too bleary to come to any conclusions. Regardless, he needed Sherlock to stay next to him, needed his chest pressed against him and his warm hand over his heart. He needed Sherlock not to go.
When they separated, John gazed up at Sherlock, unable to keep the smile off his face. He hoped that Sherlock would just think him to be acting, playing the part of the doting boyfriend instead of the truth—that he was far too awful of an actor to possibly fake how gone he was at the moment, how wonderful it felt to have Sherlock’s lips on his. Sherlock blinked down at John and John took an ounce of solace in the fact that Sherlock seemed just a touch too surprised to be fully faking his own smile.
“Not to mention,” John said, “seems like you’d be dodging quite a bit of rocks there.”
“Sherlock,” John whimpered, and if one word, one sound, could epitomize the act of begging—knees to the ground, head bowed, praying hands clenched to fists,
With Sherlock still out talking to the city’s homeless long into the evening, John set the takeout box containing Sherlock’s food on the bed that was meant to be his and crawled into his own bed, hoping for a few hours of sleep before Sherlock burst in and urged him into motion again. John felt as if he hadn’t gotten more than two consecutive hours of sleep since he left London, and the sleep he had was fitful and filled with visions of Sherlock falling from roofs, engulfed in flame, shot through the chest. If the dread he felt upon laying down to sleep wasn’t enough to keep him awake, the perpetual sunlight shining in through the window certainly was. John covered his eyes with an arm and gave a groan. It was like those early months after Rosie was born, minus the feeling of anything resembling love for the situation.
Due to Angelo’s on-principle refusal to run any background checks on his employees (
all foreign looks and unfamiliar teeth.
Sherlock started laughing.
“Good,” Sherlock said, and started moving his finger. He withdrew it slowly, so slowly John swore he could feel each skin cell of Sherlock’s as it passed through him. When he pushed back inside after what felt like a millennia, John gasped and squeezed at the blankets, fighting every instinct to move, to thrust himself back against Sherlock, impaling himself on Sherlock’s fingers over and over and over again.
for an explosion.
Sherlock’s eyes were on John, scanning his face, scrutinizing, trying like hell to make deductions but—for once—failing.
“Morning,” John said to the ewe. He was a touch relieved that it hadn’t been the ewe that was killed in the night. He found himself fond of the little lamb. This must be the lamb that Declan wrote about in his journal, the one he had named Lucy, after his daughter. John had a feeling that Declan would be glad to know that his daughter’s namesake was still safe and sound, even if it was just a sheep.
he smelled good. It was bloody unfair.
Mary shook her head. “It isn’t,” she said. She cleared her throat. “And he…” She nodded in Sherlock’s direction.
“Well,” Sherlock said, “I’ll have you know I am a perfectly considerate bed-partner.”
“I was listening,” John said. “But you went on for twenty minutes.
“It’s an abandoned building,” John said. “And scheduled for demolition, apparently.”
As for the bloody dolphin, he was real as well! His name is Fungie, he lived in the waters surrounding the Dingle Peninsula for nearly 40 years, and he was kind of a big deal. He was very friendly, would swim alongside boats, and did have a special little connection with a local man until the man passed away (a family member took over Fungie-time afterwards). Sadly, Fungie hasn’t been spotted since late 2020, and, given that he was getting older, it is likely that he passed on. RIP, you bloody dolphin.
John chewed on his lip. Of course Sherlock would be able to deduce all of that over bloody text.
Lucy started down the path, sniffing at the air as she walked. Fitz darted after her, running in little circles around her, ushering her to the field. Lucy seemed unperturbed by Fitz’s presence, trotting along the worn path, just as happy as a sheep could be. John watched her until she was just a little white puff moving against the green.
,” he read. “
. John realized that he had stopped cleaning Sherlock’s wound and was simply holding his arm at the moment.
Then Sherlock separated from him—just barely, no more than a few centimeters—and touched at his shoulder and sighed against his lips and suddenly John was drowning again, devoid of air. He fell back against the mattress and watched Sherlock’s smile turn sad around the edges. Sherlock tipped forward and landed on his side next to John. John rolled over, paying no heed to the mess sliding off his stomach and onto the sheets between them. He wrapped an arm around Sherlock and pulled him closer, pressing their lips together once more. He wasn’t done kissing Sherlock—not by a long shot. Sherlock tucked his hand into the small of John’s back and it was still slick with their come and John heard himself make a whimpering noise that was just beyond his control.
“I do!” Rosie said. She flipped through the notebook full of elaborate math and diagrams that she certainly could not decipher. “Papa explained it. There are doors.”
John lifted his arm from his eyes. He glared at Sherlock, standing defiantly by his wardrobe, staring at him with purposeless anger in his eyes.
“It’s not him,” Sherlock said.
John’s mobile started ringing in his pocket and he nearly screamed. He released Sherlock’s hand and scrambled for his mobile. Gilly. She was video-calling him.
John pushed at his hips.
“I’m looking,” John said to no one.
John narrowed his eyes.
“He was desperate, Will was,” Sherlock said. His eyes were dancing. Fitz jumped and yapped at his feet. “He certainly wasn’t being careful with the money he stole from Declan. Only racked up more gambling debts. Needed more money. Doesn’t get paid very much working as a skipper, that’s for sure. No, Declan took his primary source of income from him, but he knew where he could get more. He knew who could give him all the tea in China.”
“Come now, John,” Sherlock said. “Surely you think more highly of yourself than
“Now,” Sherlock said, “the average price of a goat varies by breed and sex, but an approximate average is two hundred pounds today, just under forty pounds in the 1970s. Most contestants left the show with enough money to start their own
John felt his heart do a funny thing. Sherlock could feel it too, John was sure, thrumming against his forearm. “What’s wrong with that?” John asked. His voice sounded odd, a shaking rasp.
“Which is…?”
, he told himself.
“Would you have looked at it, even if there was?” Mary asked. That smile was still on her face. She rubbed at her belly.
John watched Sherlock’s Adam's apple bob as he swallowed. “Very,” he said.
Sherlock bit at his lips. The knives were back, and this time they worked their way up through his throat and into his face. His skin prickled and he felt his eyes start to sting. His voice, he knew, was not functional enough to explain any of it to John, but he hoped he could explain enough of it nonverbally. Because of course Sherlock wouldn’t wish to forget it. Even though it was to be the only time he had John in his arms, even though most of his moments since remembering had that flayed-skin feeling to them, even though remembering had ultimately made everything much, much worse, Sherlock wouldn’t have wished to forget even a second of it. It was John. Sherlock would remember until he died.
John thought. “Maybe,” he said. “But that’s not the point. In the problem, the host doesn’t pick at random. So it’s still a one-third to two-thirds chance.”
you can barely breathe. He doesn’t seem to need any time to adjust but you certainly do. You’re blinking and gasping and seeing stars and your brain still isn’t convinced that any of this is actually happening. If you opened your eyes and found that you were really foaming at the mouth in the corner of some nuthouse, it would break your heart but it would have made more sense than staring down at this beautiful creature on your cock.
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes were wide. She looked as if John just told her he believed the earth was flat and run by lizard-people. “If you truly believe that,” she said, “you’re an even bigger idiot than I thought, John Watson.” She shook her head, done with him. “I hope you’re happy with yourself. And that
He nodded. “I’m sure.”
. I would say there was an injury involved. And with the way you favor your right shoulder, I imagine I have a fairly decent idea of the location of said injury.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “So far,” he said, “all of the victims have been couples.”
John thought. He waited.
John managed something like a smile. “Okay,” he said. He released Sherlock, leaning back and gripping the toilet seat once more. “Forceps. Grab the edge of the wound.” He nodded towards Sherlock, a little jerk of his chin. “You can do this.”
The man sighs. “It’s what I do,” he says. “I gather information. I learn things. I solve puzzles.”
========≠=============≠====================
The rocks were more like large gravel now, like Sherlock had described.
The suspect had seemed to be only armed with a knife in one boot.Once Sherlock had run after him, caught up,and tackled him, he turned within his grip and knocked his fists hard on his ears.
When they finally got home for good at 221B,after everything was signed and stated,and people who thought they were untraceable were put behind bars.
"Hmmm" Sherlock mumbled as he drank the coffee he poured for himself. " You're usually not this active at this hour"
He ended up not staying dead,and got up. Blown off and bloody chunks of Sherlock's body could be seen growing back.
Maybe getting out of the house,away from the snow, and into a different setting to meet up with clients will be a turn for the better,John was hoping.
"Coat and boots off,NOW" John said,then leaned close to his eyes." You'll have plenty to save up in that mind palace of yours later, for now,you need to stay alert and learn, absorb,accept whom you belong to"
John breathed into the window.
Sherlock had been keeping up with forecast predictions on this odd turn in London weather.
"Might have been, just pointed out how it could be solved"
The blood tests showed different levels of several tranquilizers,as if different ones were administered over time. A level of Zoladex was found along with extremely low levels of testosterone in Sherlock's bloodstream.
He understood the reasoning,but the idea that his higher up bosses told him about the decision made without John's input just seemed rude....and harshly practical.
"We are the heels. For the show,we will be the ever changing villains. By the end of it,we will come out as heroes in make up and costume. Now I will punch here,while you slide down and I will appear to get you with my knee"...
"Oooooooh! I'll just leave these here on the table and you two can get back to...and you're just back from a case!" She looked right at John, " and you have a shift tonight that starts at 5,so I'll leave you two to it!" She had set a tray on the table before hurrying back to her quarters with a blush and smile.
He tore through Sherlock's room, through his drawers, and flung out most of the socks, underwear, and undershirts on the ground.
Just think querida! If this one is kept out long enough and trained....I know buyers that will give us much just for a night or two with him! Maybe it's best if we don't tell his brother and work on THAT bid,but just keep him for" he ran a hand along Sherlock's side,and gave an amused look as Sherlock ducked out of an arm around his shoulders.The husband went on, looking at Sherlock with a greedy look in his eyes.
He stretched, and looked down. Yes, his pants and shirt had several rips in it. Even holes where things had gone through parts of his legs and such. There were holes,and pipes and boards that matched the size and shape of the holes in his clothes, but below? The skin did not even show a scratch.
Will try for a final, good ending! With feelings for our boys, learning, and bits of the smut that's well treasured here when done right
He knew the mistake he mentioned was John seemed to try and get dates with women similar to Sherlock in a way,(even an odd way perhaps)but even with the blog,and the admiration he still received,he did not get that final step from John. It didn't make sense,they would have no reason to play games of hiding anything from each other, unlike the nature of dates?
is…?” John tightened his grip around Sherlock, trying his best not to shake. “This, right here? Us? What is this?”
Wherever he was, John had a feeling that Hugh would be overjoyed. John tossed some logs into the fireplace while Sherlock settled onto the sofa and tapped away at his mobile.
John watched him leave, staring into the shadows of the building long after he was certain that only darkness remained. He was crying again, of course, but there was something different to his tears—a lightness that felt very much like hope. He was smiling, grinning like a madman, and he was reasonably certain that he would never feel pain again. He sank to the ground, crossing his legs and allowing himself to settle against the rough tile of the roof. He had absolutely nowhere to be except right where he was, on a roof just across the street from 221b Baker Street, in this wonderful cesspool of a city, waiting for his love to return. He tilted his head to the sky. The stars were beautiful tonight.
*           *           *
Sherlock once explained,
John hugged the towels to his chest. His fingernails dug into the thick fabric. “In case you plan on sleeping again while we’re here,” he said. He meant for it to be lighthearted, a joke. He wasn’t sure why his tone sounded a bit wounded.
of using
“Christ,” John breathed. “Christ yes. Do it, Sherlock. Please.” He tried to move, tried to wrap a leg around Sherlock and pull him close, but Sherlock had him pinned. Sherlock gripped his hands so tight he was starting to lose feeling in his fingers.
Instead, Sherlock thought of wood frogs. He had been thinking about wood frogs a lot recently; he found them relevant. Wood frogs live in the coldest parts of North America, where temperatures can regularly reach -45-degrees Celsius in the winter. While some animals migrate or burrow, running or hiding from the death-bringing weather, wood frogs face the cold with bravery and simply freeze. They allow the ice to fill their bodies, crystals forming around their organs, underneath their skin, inside their eyes. Their heart stops beating. They stop breathing. They turn to a block of frog-shaped ice. They simply let the cold take them. They aren’t frozen all the way to death, of course; that would be an incredible evolutionary disadvantage. Their bodies keep them alive—barely so. Their livers produce just enough glucose to prevent catastrophic organ damage until it is time for them to thaw. They are functionally dead, but only enough so that the thing that ought to have killed them never actually does.
“Jesus. Sherlock.” John flapped at Sherlock’s hands, trying to shove them off so he could sit up or, at the very least, acclimate to being awake. The room was filled with light and the storm seemed to have cleared, leaving the island with a bright and chipper morning.
“So ungrateful of them,” you say, stepping closer to him. You slip your arms under his overcoat, pulling him close and craning your neck up for a kiss. “But your throat,” you say. “You’re all right? Did you need to…”
It made John ache in a way he didn’t quite understand to see Sherlock like this. He was certainly used to Sherlock’s wild fluctuation in moods—the manic energy when a case was raging, the destructive boredom when he had nothing on—but he had never seen Sherlock quite like this. He seemed to be hurting. From what, John had no idea. All he knew was that he had an uncontrollable urge to crawl in bed next to Sherlock, to wrap his arms around him and stroke his hair, to tell him that whatever had him hurting was all going to be okay.
He remained silent for well over an hour, at which point the sick worry started creeping back into John’s gut. He certainly hadn’t intended on sending Sherlock any anxious-gran
Sherlock looked down. He speared a bean with his fork, raised it to his lips. “It’s cold,” he said.
He gathered it all into the washer with the last color free,dye free no allergen detergent pod was being offered as a free sample the Dr's office was leaving out for patients.
Sherlock scratched through the knees of his slacks,shook each leg, and paced a bit. Not seeing anyone familiar,they soon walked in and took seats at the bar.
After some time, the co-pilot slid the door open to the helicopter as it hovered over a cliff side. A weight with a knotted rope was thrown down, and the rope was steadied once the weight seemed to hit ground.
"I know Sherlock,it was just symbolic and sentiment. I don't have to keep you tied to me,but it was still a nice reminder to have" John said.
Well,only so many ways to see if the shoe weight will hold John thought,and unlocked his feet. The hands were next, and as Sherlock leaned forward,the shoe fell in place.
"I think a bit of dinner will help before either of us questions anyone" Kate said.
Sherlock had the blindfold on, and his foot lightly swayed over the grass before he stepped out of the wheelchair belonging to the last clients they solved the case for.
Sherlock soon smiled and reached towards the man's hip as his eyes stayed entirely focused on the husband's,and pulled out his cell.
He then felt along what his foot told him was a wall.
" A government does not stop at odd hours. He should get up and do a few things for us so people like Molly or Lestrade are not bothered or given a reason to worry"Sherlock said, again with a strained voice.
He set the towels down by a hot tub,and the smell of fresh cleaner was almost overwhelming. "This was my idea anyways,and he's just following me." Sherlock walked past Mycroft and waved.
"Don't look that way! I can tell you your not the first one,thin as a rail,with attatude  and authority problems I have dealt with. You're just the first one I have fallen for." He leaned up and kissed Sherlock. "She was never my type, and it took long enough for me to see that you are. Now let's have a small dinner, keep the fire up to keep that one warm" he said, nodding towards the living room "and at least get a good nap in before I have to shower and get to my work tomorrow."
You get angry at times
There was a heavy sense of panic, but aside from his sluggishness and John being tied in what was sounded like a storm outside....which did bring worry,but he calmed himself. It may have been some time,and may have involved more sand than water, but John has survived storms before.
As one of later to be found was of many,snowstorms started up,John stirred up and added to the fire before sitting back down.
"Oh thank you for making two cups!" Sherlock said, "I see yours has creamer mixed in, and sugar does spoil too quickly for long term storage, but does he have…" He looked towards the storage over the stove. "Yes! Honey does not spoil, and is even used to preserve things."
He smiled and glanced upwards. Looking up, John could see where Sherlock was unconscious and chained to the back of the stairs. Looking back at a smirking Moriarty,who soon got quite looking into his unsettled eyes. John pushed,then held him down with first his hands,then a knee as he tore and tied him up with his own shirt.
John felt relieved that Sherlock seemed to value some aspects of personal privacy more than he seemed, even if it was done out of spite.
John had looked closely at the bodies, and they had been dried out in a way that wasn't natural,but no chemicals were found in thier cells. He now thought back
"This is the best luck we have had!" Sherlock said, talking softly in John's ear.
"That is a lot to finish,have you eaten anything yourself yet?" John asked as he took his plate to the sink.
Sherlock focused on his feet and a short  distance ahead as they kept walking up and along steps. He was carried up one,then more ladder steps,but his energy and something he couldn't put his mind on just wore him out and he nodded off again.
≠===================================
John soon followed behind, getting the shirt, slacks and trail of clothes picked up before looking over at the bed. Well, if he has been guarding him, cleaning up after him, and Sherlock was not in a hurry to let go of his hand earlier...was even the first to calm himself by grabbing John's hand....this shouldn't be too much.
He looked at his shoes,then looked at a tied up, smiling Moriarty.
"That smells like... even though the overwhelming bile over there, and the blood that must have been placed at 3,4 this morning to not have much sharpness by now and be dried like paint. John!? Do you still have sample swabs left?" Sherlock asked.
"Why,like many dates I've been on,and the last case with the murders buried under the house... women will nearly destroy each other,to get thier ideal boyfriend...to use in thier ongoing steps upwards?"
And Poplock would talk to the skull sometimes too...
Sherlock unbuttoned and let his shirt slide off,only to fold it,place it on a chair, and lay head down on the towel.
John knew the Dr title lead to many assuming much about him,true or not, but this should be fun.
"Lestrade wants us to keep questioning every 3 hours in case you forgot something" Anderson said,in a bit of a stammer." Usually this is done more often as proto-"
John nodded. With so much set up to serve the ever growing population,that is now no longer limited to only working and living on the same ground,that would be the only way to limit people being anywhere near Sherlock's room and work areas.
The clothes right next to him seemed unaffected, but minutes later a black fox nose peeked out from the crumbled blue robe.
"I should have made the connections faster John!"
The two walked over and plopped on the couch, soon hearing footsteps and a familiar, "Yoo hoo boys! Is it just you two?" before Mrs. Hudson peeked over with a smile and a covered tray.
"Get me the x-ray and some basic tools. I'll take it out myself" John said when Sherlock finished being further examined.
John used his sword piece to tap on his shoulder and core.
John just settled in his chair and thought of ways he could be killed by what he still felt a bit weak from.
John was saying farewell as the last patient left,before his lunch break was to begin.
Greg handed him the key card and pointed at the large hotel.
John stayed quiet and was shocked. Sherlock was suggesting sex? He seemed to know about, well,he IS Sherlock....while Sherlock was arguing with another investigator questioning again at the porch, Lestrade had let him listen through 2 recordings.
Well,have a few ideas,but I don't want this to be over the top mush,so I'll see what I can do
Being trapped in a house with a toddler had it's own up and down turns, but he let her sleep upstairs and kept the fire going.
He saw John curled up under a quilt, asleep on his chair. He was tucked in holding blankets, his pillow,and also had his coat among the mess (that originally was draped over him. He usually didn't move much in his sleep,so Sherlock figured the cold must still be getting to him with any fire long gone.)
Yes,John might have a white army tent and stove that wouldn't stand out as any trouble in a snowed over London. There are mountains where he was at!
Not the first time he's shared a bed with him whether while talking or on a case. Maybe sharing a bed would either not be for long,(when nightmares of different kinds came back to John at night) or could at least be more solid healing than trying to sleep alongside and not harm a young child.
Sherlock did as he was told and was thinking 'by steps,does he mean his size steps or mine?' before he felt the familiar brush on his ankle.
"Well,hello! Didn't think much would be going on these parts getting dark"said the driver.
Both left for a large,but empty public bathroom nearby. They changed into what they were given,and folded the clothes they changed out of into the bag.
================≠================÷===
"Have a seat! You must be Dr. Watson" she said, before sitting back at her seat " you should try the Blueberry O's, or the Unicorn Pop is pretty popular..."
"You will need a few of these, do not waste any."
John buried his nose in curls and breathed deep. He smiled when there was still no response coming from Sherlock.
Sherlock got an extra trash bag from the bottom of the hotel trash can,and darted about, gathering all of his clothes by the chair. Went ahead and threw in John's clothes folded by the bathroom and held the tied bag in his fist in the hallway, setting it by the door. Careful to not make noise or draw attention before closing the door back.
"Please, just call me John" he said, sitting down.
"Why would he do such a thing that would damage his career?" John asked briskly.
After initial greetings,a point was sharply made. The wife had received different old fashioned tea sets from her recently passed aunt. They had come up entirely stolen recently,after piece by piece had been missing or lost over the past week. Expensive, ancient, generational heirlooms that had been closely watched and passed down over the years.
He felt an odd texture. Cotton lining,over a rubberized layer,but the fabric and poles still made it portable.
" We can't go out in that storm, and she has us anchored here safely. She had candles burning when it was light out, but blew them out before she left. Told me it was supposed to get to freezing temperatures, and wishes me luck." John said, moving his previously chained up arms and legs around.
John patted the bed and told Sherlock "over here" while motioning over and standing by the bed slightly crouched over.
They were soon seeing what looked to be a beach house, but one wisely built with a concrete like roof.
Mycroft said his goodbyes and courtesies to all of the officials and workers from several different governments that had stayed at the hotel as they left. Anthea mentioned an assistant had texted her with pictures that John was seen at the front desk in pyjamas with a cart before going back up the elevator. Alone.
"We're going to fight with wooden toys?" Sherlock said, looking into John's eyes and grinning.
John thought this odd coming from Sherlock,but he sensed him darting his head down and shaking when lightning hit,so he thought it best not to comment.
This narrowed the suspect list considerably, to a man who had purchased the parts to make a solar dehydrator of large size,but lived in the upper parts of London. He also owned several small shops in various developing/recovering areas in different countries. He went on about how it was good, and he was helping people find jobs in the worst of places,but it was almost too easy to find him guilty from there.
John went to cross his legs and noticed amusingly he was already hard again.
"Fine, you don't have to shower too much right now, just take all of your clothes off before you get in your bed. I'll get everything cleaned and sent off, then I'll lock your door. I'll nap in here in case anyone calls or stops by. You can unlock the door if you want I know, but another nude sleepwalking incident when I pick up Rosie on the way home from work tomorrow can stir up more than we need right now. I'll make sure you get a proper shower before I leave for work tonight."
He looked across at Sherlock with raised eyebrows to see he was staring back into his eyes,but his hands unbuckled the belt, button,and the zipper was going down as Sherlock whispered.
Lestrade- They have been planning on that opening event for two years! You definitely cannot get in unless you had been cleared and invited much longer ago than anything you can throw together tonight! If you don't catch this person WITH the paperwork IF you can get in without being seen, I cannot legally help you when you should not be at a well guarded event based on what can only be explained as a hunch! We should definitely get more people with higher up access to look into this, NOT someone as valuable as YOU
This could be fun in a way Sherlock will never be able to live down.
Sherlock put the evidence on the table, and took his gloves off talking to the skull.
John quietly walked towards Sherlock,who seemed almost in jitters.
"The texts lead to a place on the island Lundy, right on the channel! If someone needed a hiding place for black market goods, delivered by drones, that would be perfect! There's not many people there, public signal is mostly non-existent, except right at a few holiday spots. It's not exactly here in London, but only the foolish criminals keep all of their headquarters where the work is done..."
Sherlock gave a frustrated look back at John before raising his hands and adopting a similar stance, " You can call my brother Mycroft, but he is rather busy. And I just want to return this key to him," Sherlock said, holding up his 221B key. "I'll just leave it on his desk and walk out, you can talk to John here and he can fill you in with anything else you might want to know."  John's eyebrows quickly crawled up.
They did share a flat, work together,were trying to raise a child together.
"Are you trying to interfere with the conference going on in this side of the building? I should check both of you to see if you're sneaking anything in," the guard said, blocking them from going further in the hallway.
Right after she looked Sherlock in the eyes,gave him a hug, rubbed his shoulder and smiled before walking away, child in hand.
He knew Sherlock understood and was telling him he was sorry for John, but he didn't understand that John felt after all they had done together and continued to live through,he couldn't not be right there with him as long as he could.
He decided he was going to examine and ice or massage the back of his head and shoulders where it was swelling when they got to thier room.
John's turn now for the shower!
"Lots of muscle compared to many women we see in this part of London. Said you might remember her when she was your leutenant once. She's retiring now,but wants to get her family together for something. Left her number"Sherlock nodded to a note folded on the table.
Truth is, even when he thought he had lost him,there still seemed his presence under his skin.
They went to the elevator, and fortunately John had thought to get two towels from the bathroom.
"Oh don't think you're too far ahead Johnny! I was there first ...you may find I got to many places before you did." Sebastian opened the door to a room on the side,above the 'floor' and came down the last steps and gave a nod and quick wave to John before going and untying Moriarty. " Here we part ways,you two should go home and celebrate. You can call your met friends if you wish, but they won't find where we'll be. Take the stairs back you two,have fun in the rain that's started!"
Sherlock sat cross legged on the rooftop.
This was enough to calm Sherlock into a deep sleep, even with the thunder still storming.
"I also texted Lestrade,and believe someone may be trying to smoke us out with the called in gas leak, but who would look us up to drive us out when the weather is like this?"
Just to start from where the very last chapter of the last begins
"This is an artist. They likely know more than one form of art. Those can be very dangerous and quite the challenge to figure out. This could get fun." Sherlock said,smiling into his closed hands.
========================================
"Shouldn't I get one of these" and Sherlock leaned over and reached for a pillow on his chair.
He swirled his tounge over the tip, tasting more salt.
Sherlock then backed up with his head down and tried to calm himself. He kept stopping himself when the foot tapping kept trying to come back, even though he was wearing socks and trying to stay steady for balance.
"Thank you, but after today, I need this," John said as he crawled under the blanket of the unmade bed.
No! He would think it wasteful and foolish! John let his plastic spork fall and looked at what was left of his lunch. This was foolish. From what he had seen on cases, Sherlock was very aware of what sex could do, but used it as a means to an end. When he let his transport bother with it at all.
Thoughts came back to him. He had been in the army for years before! Saw, worked with, and showered with many men! They changed clothes in front of each other often, and there was nothing to it.
"I have eaten plenty today,I would like to go with you,but you are not going anywhere outside of 221B."
This soon turned to kissing,which led to both of them also being stripped of everything.
"It's predicted to end around 9 in the morning, so 4 more hours if the predictions turn out correctly," Sherlock said. "You still need your sleep, or do you want to feel thunder as well with me?"
He smiled and inhaled. There may be drastic attempts, but there was no way he was letting Sherlock get too far away from him. Certainly not turning away from him by any means.
It felt familiar, but tucking the bell under one arm,he felt around with both hands and found a button.
"Hmmm MMMmmm people," Sherlock mumbled in frustration, taking his shirt off as he walked to his room.
John took over when a few of the crew recognized him. He looked at Sherlock's worried face and mentioned not only did they need IV's and drug flushing,but a rape kit and further scans when they get to the hospital.
They woke up the next morning, and Sherlock turned the phone on he had been given to help get Irene and Kate turned in. He texted Lestrade to track him, and that the sources of scandal could be put behind bars,but not for what was originally intended.
I also know many reports of abuse are not taken seriously,do to how the abusing partner is seen as a hero or a nice,sweet type.
"Well, with this metal bucket,and these over there,one candle at a time,we will soon not have cold hands or feet" Sherlock said,as he emptied the small trashcan,set three steel rods inside of the trashcan, and propped it upside down before getting two candles. He lifted the trashcan up slowly and put it back down to put the candles on opposite sides.
Donovan drove up to where she was directed to go by Andersen's call.
Jackets were grabbed and of course Sherlock was able to get the cab that had previously dropped John off as he was adjusting his scarf.
"Here's one you can use" John said, holding a practice piece by the handle,blade down,into Sherlock's chest.
" Lestrade is here already?" Sherlock asked.
He remembered a time before,where he told Sherlock he was a doctor,not an explosive expert,then quietly looked again.
"What IS it" Sherlock shouted "there's something you're NOT telling me! Why are we meeting Katy in a courthouse?"
"Looks about right," the pilot said, smiling through the rear view mirror. " We're off." He mentioned before getting the helicopter to rise and started to fly away from London.
John watched with a smile. He wasn't sure how this would work,w Sherlock always thought of something.
Art by chained-to-the-mirror ☺️
Sherlock watched Kate as she made herself a bowl of the mushroom pasta dish.
She was hesitant to stop a happy scene, but she had a job to do, and unfinished jobs meant being replaced as fast as Jeremy had been.
How did they even get here without notice! There was not even selective fire, there were bullets everywhere! They didn't seem to need to reload? John rolled closer to try to help what he could, this made no-
Sherlock sighed and put his mobile back in it's case, leaning back into the cab seat. John, sitting beside him, turned and watched him concerned.
Was just thinking of what would be cute to see,then Lianne came about in my head
Let's see what can happen!
"Who do you have an appointment with?" asked the receptionist at the front desk, "there's no time for-" But they kept walking and stepped inside the lift anyway until the doors closed. After several navigations and trips in the lift, they were stopped by a uniformed guard.
Sherlock walked towards John's voice, feeling more heat as he did.
"Thier not worth it. You've seen when I've used people as means to an end for cases. You are not a means to an end for anyone." He put his hands down and shook his head. "Never good at these things"
"The stairs would have been quieter and quicker to catch up to us before we got here. Would have saved him the trouble," Sherlock said, nodding towards the guard "but I know stairs and effort are SO inconvenient".
It was owned by a traveler listed under the name Ereni Relda, which Sherlock felt was daring transparency. However on travels, and even on the stop Sherlock and John were given to meet and board when the ship was docked, the right paperwork was available. The yacht however, showed up on no radar, or detection beyond sight.
Sherlock stumbled to the front door and met with Lestrade. They went over case pictures and Sherlock pointed out what was obvious to study into and which of the suspects would know it.
Things must be done,and small things start creeping up again,whether there's time for it or not among other things
"We will interrupt one of my brother's meetings," Sherlock started to grin.
"I know you don't like weddings,or any large crowds really,but I wanted to show you" John said quietly,leaning into Sherlock.
Sherlock was still out like a light, so he got up, pulled one of the blankets half off of the bed, and tucked it around Sherlock.
She got the necklace chain, and dark ring from him too!
John smiled. He had long washed the emptied pot(as well as the plates of scrambled eggs he made,much of Sherlock's barely touched and stored in plastic back in the fridge),but it was true. Even trapped there,they had little luxuries here and there.
John looked at the bag,looked at the empty cups by the coffee maker, and saw one unused sample placed on top of an empty, upturned cup. The sample was marked almond creme.
Lestrade would be by soon,and needed help making sense of a case.
He also took the skull down from it's usual place from time to time, but that was often to point out and show different parts of the skull while talking. He didn't talk to it near as often as Sherlock did,but there were a few times...
Lightly snoring, and half sprawled on the floor where they lay, Sherlock had his face buried into John's right shoulder. The blanket John layed over him hours earlier (when John had to make it to the bathroom and back) was cucooned around him.
" I don't need whatever may or may not be here. Just take it out, that's why my head doesn't feel right. Moriarty said I would lose motivation,not look right in others eyes close to me"
" I thought I was exhausted, but I could use a bit more of that" John said as he sighed.
That would involve more organization than I would be able to plan for right now
"I've never been to one of these before"John started,walking closer to the circle,"but I know Star Trek has always been good about respecting everyone,so I don't see where any problems could start"
"Why didn't you stay in your car seat? Now we have to go to Molly's" he grabbed her hand.
John quickly followed, but the idea crossed his mind. The area is heavily guarded with the government council going on next door, but of course Sherlock can just work around it at his convenience AGAIN and not cause any real upset. The impulse to giggle almost knocked him off balance, but John knew better than to draw attention towards them.
"Do you know what we did with the wedding bands before we went to bed last night?"John asked.
"I already got more than I had planned on finding. You're very right, the drones might be further up to stay dry," he said before his excitement had him semi bouncing upstairs. Even with the bag weight.
John finished the coffee,but felt this odd date was very much over. He said his goodbye's, and headed for the front register where he paid for both orders,never having touched much of his.
He checked the magazine,then shot the stool in 3 places to separate,and carry the pieces back near the fireplace.
"I'm not sure what you mean with that and the scones" Sherlock said, looking towards them.
Sherlock was back to having days in sheets again,with no scars or pain to show anymore.
"Just a sample Sherlock. In case anything was deleted. You'll be proving that you can earn more so you won't get bored and forget to STAY PRESENT" John hissed with a smile with the last part before rolling out, standing and walking over to the tea tray.
"I need to shift at least every few months, because of what I am now. I am very sorry John, I am behind on my changes because of what all they bring, and I could have killed you"
John is worried and mad after Sherlock goes through another close case and rescue,so he tries to help him the best way he can think.
Sherlock asked if dry cleaning would be extra, but was told as a service to all of the government workers staying at the hotel for now,it would be done free of charge just this once.
He walked over as his door was knocked, and could hear Mrs. Hudson with the couple.
"So you want to teach me how to attack you and this other man without hurting either, and make a show of it?" John asked, looking for further clarification and walking towards Sherlock.
"John said this was about your daughter?" Sherlock looked from the woman to the man and back before the man smiled.
"It was fascinating to watch, and I might watch it again later, but down here, I can see that," Sherlock pointed to a lightning flash reflected on a desk mirror by the door. Then thunder started rolling. "And feel that." He finished with a long drawn out whisper. "I won't make a sound, and you can have either bed to sleep."
"Hmmm?" John asked, stirring and looking up.
Sherlock and John looked at each other and exchanged smiles. It wasn't worth fighting what anyone thought anymore. John always insisted on what he thought was their own ideas and fighting for clarification of...whatever... wasn't worth it right now.
Art by rachel1337
He found a yacht parked,but no one responded when he tried to see if anyone was there. He jumped on board and followed the signal to the mast.
Soon he was down, with combed wet hair and the blue lined tuxedo he had,but rarely wore.
======================================
"Are they someones we should know about? Should I have gotten off work earlier? What level are we dealing with here?" John whispered worringly to Sherlock.
John however, could not see much but the unstable glimmer and reflection, so he was further back in the cave with the torch.
" Well, you don't have to talk to any of them,just like anyone else on the street"John said,then hugged Sherlock and took his bag to the bedroom,while Sherlock sat in his chair.
Rosie was busy climbing a tree. She had fallen from it a few times last year, but had only learned further where not to step and what to watch for. She could not be convinced to stay off,so Sherlock watched and started off by giving her warnings when they went for walks to and in the nearby park.
"How quick and easy that was, when or if you ever want it. No need for big gatherings,no need to bring family along. It can be what you make it."
'Oh yes, he'll be feeling much the next few days, but it turned out to oddly help with nerves. He really DID need to be shown directly who loved him and where he belonged. I should start wiping and rinsing where there's bits of leftover oils and such congealing on both tables, the counter, the floor, by that plant...cleanup because I had to work up nerve to act on the obvious...'
SH- The one holding ransom and much of the rest of the whole group network will be locked up soon. You need to follow the directions and help the victims. Your people can keep them behind bars and deal with the paperwork. Me and John will just bring in and point out who needs to be handcuffed.
John looked back and caught a movement behind the line of stairs. Walking closer, he stepped back before walking into Moriarty stepping out.
Well, I don't want to get out of the habit of keeping the writing going, and plans changed,so let's see what the boys are up to now
"I will if you will" John mumbled, smiling as he found his socks and underwear and pulled them on.
Trying to keep the military things right,but within what Sherlock would care to hear...N/M,he hears whether he cares about it or not. Was going to have a lot with Katy happening before John was promoted to captain so having her around would fit better, but let me know if I mess anything up with what I got down and edited early mornings!
" Oh yes! It has the best coffee, but doesn't open until after lunch,is that where your headed?"
Lightning rumbled,but Sherlock kept towards the small room on the very top floor, and swayed, slipping on steps getting towards his intended destination. He made a point to distance himself from many of his thoughts and sudden odd impulses that showed up in his mind and stayed stubbornly balanced.
Well, I don't usually have Rosie in a story, unless off to the side. I think many of us have been overseers of the hyperactive,super aware monsters in endeavors politely called baby sitting so....
"You need to learn who it is you are now owned by. We have two days for you to get that through your head. Let me know if you need bathroom breaks,or any breaks,but it will be however long it takes before anything is finished."
John sat by Sherlock and put an arm around his shoulders while his bag slid off his other arm.
Now it was clear where his heart always had been, but Sherlock was never one for subtlety and hints. Even for a genius who knew how to read people better than they cared for anyone else to know,he was terrible at seeing to himself.
As yellow and black tape was sealing off the condemned business used by lead suspects of a hacking group,John was cleaning and bandaging Sherlock's stabs and cuts on both arms that frustrated him, because too many were too close to veins and arteries.
Let's see what happens now....
When Rosie had been dropped off at Molly's, John got back in the car and looked at Sherlock as he buckled in.
The rope slid freely adjusting to the metal on his belt, but Sherlock did not move until the rope stopped and he felt a small jerk. He did smile hearing John's voice, but it was obvious John had made his first land.
John soon felt soft fingers lightly touching,then massaging into his hair and temple with no other shifts. He knew he should make a more solid lunch or something eventually,but he just moved down where his head was alongside in Sherlock's lap. Fingers staying in easy reach,and starting to work on his neck.
"I kept them upright along the inside of one of my socks. When this is over, and police force from a wider spread than London get shown to be the blind idiots they keep being, I knew I would need a smoke. Or a few packs of smokes. In a place like this, things have to be built for durability and to not rely on a public power source. I hope getting hot water has lasted as well."
Sherlock sat in his chair, hands folded in front of his face and with an ever growing grin.
John then walked over and nudged Sherlock's legs apart before sitting between them. He leaned back into his chest, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and rubbed his chilled nose into the side of John's neck.
John had filled the metal pot with water, scooped coffee in a filter, dug out a rubber band from the silverware drawer and sealed the coffee closed.He then walked back to the fire with Sherlock close behind. He put the pot of water on the fire,then dropped the coffee in the water. Sherlock's hand circles around his head with the lid to said pot.
An anti rape device was removed from Sherlock,and John remembered what Moriarty had said about celebrating.
3 years later...
He appeared to be recording statements from the freak and his pet while Lestrade stood by his car.
"I do not want too much at once,but the longer we wait,the more overwhelming. If I want more than you do, tell me. I've only seen you try to date women before, and I know some men can get harsh when they've fallen for me because they feel guilty. They didn't want to let me leave,but I made them feel bad  because of who they listened to. I would not want you to feel that way,and it's harder for me to hide bruises now with the work"
"Just leave the cart behind, we'll return it when we leave"John said before giving Sherlock an amused look. "We'll have breakfast in bed"
Once again,this will either turn out great,or horrible, we'll see
"You slept last night didn't you? Or did you have anything on your mind?"
He could feel aches from his own fighting earlier now,that he knew would bruise. The chill helped keep any swelling down, but being able to cuff a follower in thier 20's to the side of a dumpster before getting someone in thier 30's knocked out in a fight and ziptied? That was not something most people his age could plan on having to deal with on a regular basis. He brushed a soapy hand carefully under his left ribcage. Oh yes,the one with the chain across his knuckles is already bruising there. That one wasn't expecting to hit someone already well trained to grab his wrist and hit back.
He opened the door to the crow's nest type room to find a chained up and muffled John. Picking the locks to the cuffs and chains was not too difficult for a Sherlock who had to hyperfocus to keep on task.
" I also keep a blog up about the cases my flatmate and I help the metro police with." John said softly.
address directly.
As it turned out, Henry was dosed via poison-laced hand sanitizer, a compulsion of his. Not the poison part of course, but the obsessive use of the antibacterial gel. There were more than a dozen pump-activated bottles found around the Andrew’s home. Excessive exposure to the ethyl alcohol used in it had broken down the protective layer of Henry’s skin, allowing the cyanide to be easily absorbed into his body. Evidently he’d been slowly killing himself since the moment he woke up till well into the evening.
“Hello?” Christ he sounded tired? Drained? Half here? He settled on ‘off’. John sniffed loudly, cleared his throat again and sat up a bit.
“Not too sure about that.” He muttered wetly, clearing his throat. As he looked up to Martha again, his lower eyelids burned. The landlady cooed at him, placing a hand to his good cheek. He had to tighten his lips to keep them still.
Placing the phone back to his ear, John strained to hear something else, practically holding his breath.
could.” He cooed.
“Don’t mind me I’m just—.” She trailed off with a defusing huff. Though John could easily see the tension still in the hand that gripped the straps of her bag. He honestly wished there was something he could do; even if he knew Mary better, a letter of recommendation from a locum doctor wasn’t much of anything. And sadly they were just as capped at the clinic as—and suddenly John had an idea.
“Have I?” John sat back in his chair, crossing his arms in an attempt of aloofness. Mary laughed softly, a toothy grin spreading across her face. He shrugged. “Just had good evening last night. Seems to be carrying over.”
John then proceeded to wax on about his day from the moment he dragged himself out of bed to up until this evening. Because, why not? At the moment he couldn’t give two shits how inane this one-sided conversation was. And whatever lay on the other end certainly wasn’t complaining.
The detective’s mind flared with observations, none of them good. John sounded tired, no…not
Like any veteran hotel-stayer John went about investigating the rest of the room, peering into drawers, picking up the phone sitting on a side table next to the bed and listening for the dial tone—which there was, opening the singular drawer of said side table to find a bible, which to him instantly called to mind the song
John watched on, perplexity replacing apprehension as Mycroft leaned and dug a hand into the pocket of his grey tailored trousers. From it he drew out a mobile phone and placed it on the tan leather seat between them. After depositing the device, Mycroft laced his fingers on his thigh, appraising John as the doctor inspected it dubiously.
Just him filed under an assumed name tucked inside a bag on a slab—would Mycroft come personally to claim his remains or would he order some minion because his brother was too—
“It’s just an hour or two.” The doctor reasoned quietly, though John highly doubted anyone could hear them from above, even without the music. “Besides, you know most of these people.” He added with a little shrug, pulling off his gloves and stuffing them in his coat pockets.
.” Sherlock refuted almost immediately.
John’s eyes followed their soft fuzzy curves all the way downward into Sherlock’s hair, which appeared like inky auburn in the light cast from the hearth. His curls had been through a thorough ruffling, enough that the little, felt ears and headband were completely buried. When John made his way down to Sherlock’s eyes, he found something penetrating,
“Evening. I’ve got a room booked…Roman.” The man greeted casually (
With a soft click, light erupted into the room and John narrowed bleary eyes against it, temporarily blinded when he turned his sights downwards and froze.
“Nope.” The DI shouted over his shoulder, shoving an entry door open and a cold early March chill swept in.
John recalled.
“Having second thoughts are you?” The detective murmured along his ear, sounding just as winded.
had her eyebrows lifted?
. To be fair, Sherlock didn’t exactly gauge a situation like a normal person with an innate sense of self-preservation would have. Being surrounded by seventeen armed gunmen was trivial while not being able to work on a case above a 4 in a week was cause for John to re-hide his Sig.
John grinned, a laugh of shear triumph escaping him.
“Precisely.” Mahir mused as he raised his glass to his lips. “If one desires that sort of—quiet.” He shrugged and took a long sip.
?” He continued a little quieter, the cremini mushrooms catching his interest. “And don’t say to get milk, because that was
Though John had been adamant over the years that he was
“Night.” As he heard the beep of the call disconnecting, John pulled the phone away, warm with use and looked at it for a second or two. The call screen had gone red, still depicting the number while the call time of a little over twelve minutes flashed below it. In a blink it went back to the home screen and then went dark.
Despite the predictably vague reasoning Mycroft gave him—‘
.” His brother exhaled with the tonal equivalent of an eye roll.
He could hear the excitement in Sherlock’s voice, slightly breathy as he must have been on the move. “I’ll speak to you again when I can.”
we all are.”
as Greg put it certainly sounded like something Sherlock would do, but there had to be more to it than that. Why else would there be the need for so much secrecy?
Leaping at the invitation, John slipped his tongue into the hot confines of his mouth. Their tongues met with eager grace, running over teeth and gums. Dancing with each other under the veil of thick hungry kisses and John wondered briefly if they could survive with the current stock in the fridge so he might snog Sherlock till Boxing Day. While he imagined Sherlock would fair perfectly fine, John couldn’t see himself lasting more than a few days on buttered toast and a couple of slices of leftover meatloaf from Mrs. H.
—oh. Plausible deniability.” Sherlock rejoined the conversation, giving another slight shrug. “As far as Dimmock or anyone else was concerned, you had zero interaction with Anderson, or Lucy for that matter all evening before they kissed. Your surprise was as genuine as anyone else’s.”
It was undeniably strange, but the silence around him
The doctor shut his eyes tightly, letting his head fall against the cool surface of the window.
minutes later, according to the detective’s watch, there hadn’t been a sign of either man leaving.
Surprisingly, Sherlock never questioned him over it though. Which was baffling in and of itself.
Later, while John was alone at his desk, attempting to get a head start on that day’s paperwork while he waited on his final appointment, there came a light knocking at the door. He looked up to see Mary standing in the threshold, trouble creasing her brow as she clutched a stack of filing folders to her chest.
“There you are Benoît.” The on-duty manager practically groaned in relief as he saw Sherlock striding towards them. When the detective arrived, he was met with a desperately hopeful look from him and a wonderfully odious glare from Mme…
“It’s uh…mugging.” He brushed it off, taking the bag from her before she really did drop it. He didn’t dare to look over at Greg as he shamefully slunk into the kitchen, already sensing the old woman’s hackles rise.
…” He continued acridly like he found the concept simply hateful. His lips skimmed over John’s skin while he spoke, sowing another kiss between his first and second knuckle.
“Friends in high places.” Greg held out a steaming cup to the doctor.
It was only as he heard the light tap of kitten heels coming up the stairs that John remembered the state of his face.
And then. It did.
Casting his gaze to his lap, Mycroft took deep breath, his jaw firming. All the while John glared, morbidly curious as to what leverage would be used against him. His job at the clinic? The flat? Mycroft knew better by now than to threaten Mrs. Hudson.
…how sensitive you are.” Sherlock commended playfully as he licked a coquettish swipe up the bobbing lump of John’s Adam’s apple, grinding his thumbs down in circles with a light but steady firmness.
The tense exchange had ended with the doctor being put on leave for the next three days after his shift tomorrow, Sarah stating quite
John blinked. “Me.”
?” He drew out, waiting.
If he survived to RSVP—
Sherlock’s hand reached towards the plate to trail the tip of his index finger around the edge of a quiche as he continued, his voice dropping another decibel.
“So what’s been going on?” Greg shifted in his seat, drawing a leg across the couch between them as he rested his beer on the side of his knee. It was such an innocuous question on the surface, but by Lestrade’s tone, the doctor was rather certain he wasn’t looking to hear about his day.
The detective tisked sharply in his ear. “I was hoping you were going about it a bit more creatively then a
John.” Sherlock groused, although he didn’t sound terribly offended by the statement either.
Regardless of the rough morning, his long talk with Sherlock had put him in a pleasant mood. While things between them were nowhere near sorted out, at the very least John felt like the detective was making a genuine effort.
Huh, he’d already deleted it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He also missed the tall, dark-haired gentleman sitting outside of the café who had tethered his own phone as a hotspot. One who’s unsecured network name remarkably happened to be “ZCafGuest”.
.” Sherlock replied dispassionately, though his eyes flared on the last word, the light cast from the oculars making them appear nearly icy in hue. “And if you’re referring to the abomination
John pulled back a little, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder as he pulled himself together.
Scrubbing over the trackpad, the screen flashed to life prompting him with an alert box for a password. With a joyous spread of his fingers Sherlock quickly typed and unlocked the desktop, two minimized windows waiting for him on the taskbar.
Blindly, he reached his hands out, finding Sherlock’s bare forearms, the sleeves of his dress shirt rolled roughly up to the elbows.
Perhaps the only legitimate factor was the room had in fact been paid through the weekend, though John checked out that Saturday afternoon. He was also a little shocked to find a ticket back to London waiting for him at the train station.
He scrambled to find the pair of socks he’d discarded the night prior. But even with them, the cold seeped in through the wool when his feet met the hardwood floor. With a grumbled curse, John made a grab for his dressing gown draped over the sleigh footboard and hastily threw it on.
A moment later she returned brandishing a paper bobbin of brightly dyed thread, denser than John had envisioned. “Here you are, it’s embroidery floss, hope that’s thick enough for you.”
No matter where John looked however there was a bewildering amount of clutter. It seemed in his attempt to piece together lost cases for the blog the sitting room had become a bit of a disaster area. Troublingly still, was the fact John hadn’t really taken notice to it until now.
John craned his head, spotting them resting there so innocently and out in the open after what they’d done. Just looking at them made his cheeks flush and his gut jolt with interest. “Don’t see why not. Though I might pack them back in with the rest of the Christmas décor. Could be a nice surprise every year.”
Wanting to make him real so he could memorize the exact engagements of muscle for all of John’s various expressions. Chart the growth patterns of stubble around his mouth and along his jaw at different times of the day. Learn the architecture of alar crease and ala nasi of John’s nose, of the philtrum just above his upper lip.
.--- --- .... -. / .-- .- - ... --- -. /
“John.” The weight rumbles, soft but urgent, so close he can feel heat on his face. “John you’re having a nightmare.” It hisses and John feels panic slicing its way from his stomach to the base of his skull because darkness doesn’t speak and he needs to get up, get it off of him, get away.
As John approached a long stretch of windows that made up the outer wall of Greg’s office, he suddenly heard the DI’s voice filter out into the hall from the open door.
Finally these knuckleheads are making some tentative progress! I've been dying to get to that final conversation for
John carried on, undeterred. “First you go all
John watched unabashedly as Sherlock slid the dip-loaded end of the celery over the pink, wet bed of his tongue before clipping it in half with his teeth. He chewed leisurely and purposefully, his eyes alight, penetrating, and John felt the fissure of excitement in his gut spread.
Out of all the unanswered questions he’d been amassing over the last few months, John found that one remarkably heartening.
John glanced up from the notes he was writing. “I’m familiar…are you—saying a homeless person cut you?” He frowned.
If John’s pace was a bit slower than usual as he left NSY and began his walk to Westminster Station he hadn’t really taken notice. He’d been too deep in his mulling over what Lestrade had confided to him. About Anderson’s latest ‘obsession’ and the apparent website that sprung from it. And while John’s better judgment told him to just let it be, he couldn’t deny being bloody curious.
?” John asked tersely. “Bugger all,
John’s first inclination was a resounding ‘
“What, and miss Anderson being publicly humiliated? You promised me a slap John; it’s the least you can do for dragging me all the way out here in that heinous pile of yarn to
“So, what are you up to that you can’t tell me about?” He tried on the way to the meat and poultry section.
was going on did you think, ‘Oh.
The room itself was of the average size and rectangular in shape, with minimal furnishings allowing it to feel cozy rather than cramped. To his immediate left was a long dumpy chest of drawers with a folded map of the area and several sightseeing pamphlets fanned out on its surface. Along the adjoining wall sat a modest brick-lined fireplace, a few piled logs waiting in a squat holder. Though they wouldn’t be seeing a flame tonight.
related.
“It is rather passed your
With a defeated sigh the doctor let his gaze wander from the phone, first to his old lumpy chair then to Sherlock’s where it was shrouded in shadow. At least he could look at it now without feeling the bottom drop out of his stomach.
the bottle of pepper spray (
constitute a proper meal.
When John made it upstairs to the main floor of the flat, the door leading to the kitchen lay open but the room itself was empty as he entered. He was further mystified to discover the sitting room devoid of Sherlock as well. It was only when John took a quick glance down the darkened hallway to his left, that the doctor noticed a soft sliver of light beneath the closed door to the bedroom.
“Well Collins here doesn’t believe me about how you and Sherlock solved it, in spite of me telling him I was sodding there.” Greg motioned with his beer bottle to the man sitting to his right on a long black leather couch.
“Me too. I—I quite liked it too.” Sherlock blurted quietly and a little stilted. Enough that John had to replay what he said twice before he believed he heard it correctly. When he did he nodded to himself, dashing a lick over his abruptly dry lips.
This though...was an offbeat premise, even for them. Although John couldn’t complain about the slow, partially open-mouthed kisses currently happening along his jaw and under his ear. Not to mention the way Sherlock smelled like a luscious blend of musk and something indefinably
-.. . ... . .-. ...- . ... / .- -. --- - .... . .-. .-.-.-
As expected, Lestrade’s mirth dampened and John was quick to intervene. “Not asking just…observing.” He raised a placating hand. “It’s just been a while since I’ve had any contact with him—and that’s not a complaint. But seeing him today like that. Is he alright?”
John felt an odd sense of satisfaction bubble up inside him. If he could garner this sort of response from Sherlock of all people, he’d be shoe in for winning Lestrade’s contest for the ugliest piece of Christmas garb. The prize—according to the DI when he proudly told John about it upon inviting him last week—was a bottle of Rémy Martin 1738 Accord Royal cognac.
His mind softly supplied, causing the corners of the detective’s lips to curl a little.
.” John whispered, folding his arms across his chest, uncertain whether to feel curious or concerned. At the moment he was sort of experiencing a little of both.
. I will.”
Before John could counter with anything, Sherlock went on to tell him how he and Lucy had struck up a nice little chat. Namely about a necklace she wore, nearly completely hidden by the collar of her—according to him—‘
There was another harsh rustling and then a gusty whoosh followed by:
“Sure you can. That burner you’ve got in your pocket’s good for at least four more hours.” He contested, shifting in Sherlock’s chair, the leather creaking under his movement. “Plenty of time.” John added with a smirk.
“Teak—
John looked down at the bottle in his hand, gently rolling beads of condensation down its surface into the fabric of his jeans. “When I’m out there it’s not so bad.” He nodded up towards the street outside the window. “But when I come home…it’s
The traffic on the ride over to the party wasn’t nearly as bad as John anticipated, their driver opting for several side roads to avoid the heaviest gridlock and dropping them off at Lestrade’s flat in Acton in record time.
The doctor stopped himself from going any further along that train of thought. Now wasn’t the time.
“Then again, I think we were for a lot longer than I realized.” He added with a half-hearted smile.
like in some B-grade horror film. The doctor drew his hand away from his side, resolving to stash what was hiding in there in his locker for the rest of the day. Out of sight and with any luck, out of mind.
“I don’t care if you could of taught it to knit you a new scarf Sherlock. Goldfish, frogs, the occasional borrowed rat, but I draw the line at
He told John about work and how the Chief Superintendent was still looming over the department but at least he and Sally were able to keep their jobs. At seeing the doctor’s thinly checked disdain at the mention of sergeant Donavon, he’d quickly changed the subject and John was shocked to find out Greg had filed for divorce last week.
“Well...” Greg admitted, looking off into the room with another shrug. “she’s just worried about ya.”
or so, however long it takes for you to notice a marginal thickening to the broth. It’s not going to be super thick but you’ll be able to tell the difference after a bit.
Sherlock gave a patronizing scoff and looked away.
—in bold on the front.
“So I guess this is a thing now yeah?” John offered in way of a greeting, killing his drink in one go. “You call—I answer, and you don’t say anything?” He swallowed thickly.
Not allowing time for a reply, Sherlock rapidly typed a follow-up:
And if you liked this (shameless plug incoming) check out
The package itself was rather crude but adequate enough to pass postal regulations—wrapped in brown paper and trussed in a course hemp twine. Mycroft’s eyes swept over the front, noting right from the start the lack of a return address. However the stamps adorning it sent an ill rift through him as they clearly originated from Turkey.
? That some blokes off the street you occasionally slip twenty quid to knew—”.
“John I—I’d understand it if you hated me—”
Lobbing a heavy sigh, Sherlock finally broke his statuesque pose, his jaw tightening as placed to fingers two fingers to each temple and rubbed firmly.
him. Feel the weight of him, the solidity of muscle, the softness of fat, the smoothness of skin, the tickle of fine hairs beneath his fingertips as he traced over John’s hands and face and throat—
’ into his browser’s search field, that feeling only growing as the overwhelming quantity of hearse rentals that popped up in the results. John scrolled through them, nearly snorting a laugh when he came across one company that rented their cars out for weddings. Definitely took the phrase ‘
After parting ways with Lestrade, John made his way back to Baker Street in a cab, more than thankful to find Mrs. Hudson was out for the afternoon. He didn’t feel up yet to crafting an excuse as to what happened to his face.
“Yeah you try getting any sort of a confession from seventeen
Granted said call wasn’t made from a guest room. This was a
They spent the next half hour or so recollecting cases while the party buzzed around them. John would have a go, relishing in the details and the action while Sherlock attempted to sit quietly while he did. There were still a few occasional eye rolls or a ‘
“I think this calls for another round!” Greg shouted at the top of his lungs, getting a rousing cry from his guests.
Sherlock scolded himself, turning his sights to the small green processing bar slowly filling towards his freedom from this exhausting mission. He still had Gage to contend with, but that would come at another time. Tonight, was the end for Nicolas Dufort. He would see to that.
There was a pause after a while, a comfortable silence around the men. Watson wondered what he should say, what would be adequate for his partner to hear after an abrupt return home. Sherlock could ramble without any problem, and kept the listener entertained. Watson had more trouble picking out the small details, the relevance of anything surrounding him. He was good with people but he never said too much.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer, but instead closed his eyes and pressed closer.
“No, my dear friend. It sounds rather bizarre-- even to myself, but it’s true. Though I would still have no use living without my detective work, if I were to sacrifice that for the good of London I would. There’s always the smallest things in life-- if you look hard enough, and have the will to understand and accept-- that make us the happiest even when he serve no definite purpose.” His voice was clear, distinct, but lacked coolness.
Back at home, they collapsed on the couch, shoulders touching and a blanket spilling around them. It happened so naturally. As soon as they stripped their jackets off, they placed the blanket between them and curled up into each other’s warmth. Sherlock’s ache for touch was solved when Watson carefully wrapped his arms around the thin body that laid so close to him, and especially when Watson rubbed the grooves of the taller man’s back tenderly. Sherlock’s hands rested between Watson’s neck and shoulder as he nuzzled his forehead and kissed his temple.
