“I’m glad, I love holding your hand too. Can you come here?” Steve asks and he backs up on the bed until he’s lying down on top of the covers. Tony crawls over and lies down next to him, laying his head on Steve’s shoulder. They’re both still in their suits and it’s not entirely comfortable, but Tony feels content and settled in a way he hasn’t for a long time. They’ve done this before, cuddled platonically, and Tony loves it, cherishes it. He’s always denied himself physical comfort, afraid that it would turn into something more, but with Steve, he feels safe.
Tony stands in front of the mirror and nervously adjusts the cuffs of his bespoke suit. He fiddles with the cufflinks shaped like the atoms of the element he created (a present from Rhodey for his forty-something birthday) and tries to breathe in slowly and calm his nerves. This is his fifth and probably last date with Steve and he wants to commemorate the moment with his most polished look. The suit is his armor and it’ll carry him through to the bitter end.
. He doesn’t want to try it and have Steve realize he can’t be in a sexless relationship further down the line. On the other hand, Steve is honest and he wouldn’t tell Tony he could do it if he didn’t think he could.
Hi guys! How are you all?
Thank you for the kudos so far!
He was examining the ground. “So it’s here huh?” Tony asked.
Here's the next chapter. I hope you guys enjoy it! Happy reading!!
“My room,” Tony smiled.
Tony appreciated the components of the module. While he was stressed about starting this class, Tony had prepared himself by reading the course materials, lesson plans and components that would contribute to his grades. He understood what Professor Williams was talking about. Well, with Thor by his side, he was surely gonna score well in this module, or at least he hoped so.
All of them ran towards him. Steve forcibly removed Tony’s hand from his nose. They all stared at him, with horror. There was blood dripping down from his nose and Tony was looking like he was trying not to cry.
“Master Barton,” Jarvis cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow, looking professional. “That is a valid move and at this point, Master Odinson has one and you, nil.”
“I think that guy just judged you,” Bruce said.
Tony, Linda and Wanda were seated at the dining table. They seemed exhausted.
The others accepted it happily.
Below, Tony was grinning at them. Suddenly, he felt someone tap his shoulder, and he turned behind.
“Steve, you okay?” Natasha asked him.
What's Jarvis exactly worried about?
“Just don’t throw up today’s food during tomorrow’s roller coaster ride,” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“Yes please,” Steve said, in an almost begging tone. “I don’t want us to get a speeding ticket or worse, into an accident because you want to race with the stranger beside you.”
Natasha pushed Bruce out of the jet without any warning. Bucky’s eyes widened at that. She, followed by Thor, Wanda and Clint, jumped out of the jet. Tony immediately pressed the “close” button to shut the entrance. As the entrance was closing, the others in the jet heard the distinctive roar from the Hulk.
“Want more?” he asked Tony, giving him a smirk.
“What are you doing here??” Tony asked her, taken aback by her presence. He caught another familiar figure standing behind Jan. “What the hell are
“Natasha told me that I would be meeting with a veteran named Mr. Edward. How about you?”
So, here's the final chapter! Happy Reading!
“Steve…” Tony let out a loud moan and bucked his hips up.
Tony felt goosebumps form on his skin. But he was just standing there, enveloped by a Steve Rogers.
Steve chuckled. “Fine. I’ll watch my boyfriend act, or try to act.”
“Like Cap stuff?” Clint chuckled.
“Yeah kiddo,” Clint said. “Yeah, that’s him in the flesh.”
be more cracks, and there were. He had been checking for them every day ever since he arrived in Boston.
Thank you so much for your support for this story so far! Happy Reading! <3
“You know Tasha, if I had a room like this, I’d never get out of the house!” Clint laughed. He threw himself onto the bed and hugged the bolster, squealing like a little kid.
“Are you starting your acting coaching with Thor soon?” Steve asked, deciding to change topic.
On the other side, Clint was watching Tom and Jerry on the television when he began hearing the thuds from the room beside his, getting louder. Natasha was in the walk-in closet. Clint got up from the bed, feeling frustrated as he really wanted to watch his cartoon in peace. He wanted to go over to their room. When he heard Tony’s loud scream and Steve’s loud moan.
Natasha cleared her throat, while Thor let out a mighty laugh.
Both of them turned right and started to walk to the Humanities school, while sharing about how their day had gone.
“It’s okay,” Natasha sighed. “Thor, pour this and make a fresh batch.”
,” Clint explained further, grinning.
And none of them would have guessed Thor could dance so well. He got so many “perfects” in the game and Clint was having a hard time trying to keep up. They went a couple of rounds, with Clint winning some and Thor winning some. There was even one round that ended with a draw. Natasha and Bruce had free entertainment.
F.R.I.D.A.Y was more than happy to cut the call a few seconds later. The entire penthouse went silent. And as time passed by, it was getting uncomfortable.
“I hope Thor comes soon,” he muttered under his breath while pushing one of the trolleys. Neither of the girls had anything to say. They silently reached home.
Clint stood up and picked up his bag. He abandoned his coffee and dashed out of the apartment, leaving Tony to stare at the half-open door. It took Tony two seconds to snap back to reality.
“Screw my bow, Cap!” Clint said in a high-pitched voice. “Tony is falling to his death!”
“But I beat you to it,” Sam smirked.
Steve sat up. He wiped his mouth and stretched well. “Did you sleep, Tony? Or did you finish up the entire crossword puzzle book?”
“You wanted some thrill,” Tony raised an eyebrow. “So… here’s one for you.”
Tony tried to shake the emotions off. He let out a grunt, trying to register Thor’s words.
“True. But I’m not uploading any of my ideas on your godforsaken server ever again. I think I had enough,” Tony declared.
“Hi boy,” the shop vendor grinned.
“Debatable.” Clint pretended to be thinking.
“Can’t wait to see where we’re gonna sleep, actually,” Steve smiled. He picked up another strawberry crepe and sat closer to Tony.
“Then rides it shall be,” Tony smiled. He made sure everyone was wearing their wristbands.
As if on cue, a private jet roared past Iron Man. Tony launched his thrusters to full speed, and chased the jet.
The shock of seeing the kid version of his boyfriend hadn’t really settled onto Steve. He was still in a daze.
Clint sighed. He then nodded his head.
Natasha Romanoff walked to Tony. He had managed to get to her once Bruce asked for the Avengers to assemble again. Only both of them were in the jet. “Are you still nervous, Tony?” she asked him.
“They need you?” Rhodey nodded at the phone.
What they didn’t know was that Tony was actually still in the amusement park. It’s just that he wasn’t up with the public. He was down, under the boardwalk, sitting on the moist sand and was letting the sea water wash his legs. He had been crying for a long time and simply wanted to be alone.
“Damn,” Sam said.
Tony switched off his comms and flew straight up. “Where’s the jet, Friday?”
“So I just, would like to say, I hope our paths cross again. Keep working on your strengths and for now, keep avenging or defending!” Steve raised up his fist, and the rest of them did the same thing too, with a little cheer.
After that, the Avengers ran forward, ready to fight the AIM personnel.
“The stone alone can de-age or wipe a person out of existence, and if used correctly, it can even open portals to other worlds. It can only get worse if combined.” Bruce let out a sigh. “But there is a catch. The stone in its single form is weak.”
Tony, Steve and Bucky were seated at the marble table, adjacent to the swing. They were just introduced to a dog, Chippy, a medium sized mix-breed. He goes around the neighborhood. Tonight, the girls found him on their backyard. Chippy immediately became Bucky’s favorite. They were playing together, Bucky tickling his belly and Chippy yelping in joy.
“Hey. Is Tony here?”
“Lame,” Whitney chuckled, which ticked off Tony.
“Well, weird things have happened. Let’s go back,” Tony said. Both of them flew out of the store together; Spiderman back to the battle while Iron Man and Ant Man up higher to circle around again.
***There is smut/sex in this chapter***
“I’m done,” Bruce called out from the walk-in closet. He emerged from it, wearing a black tuxedo with a bowtie.
“Only for one reason,” Jarvis turned to face him. “I don’t know Master Rogers, and I don’t want him to affect you like how that Whitney Frost did.”
Sam sighed. He was excited at the prospect of joining back Steve. But he also didn’t want to leave Rhodey at the Tower. They had a fun 5 days together, having their own movie marathons with Vision at times, practicing walking, getting scared when Vision randomly walked through walls and preparing food for themselves. There was the one afternoon they nearly set the kitchen on fire while attempting to cook seafood pasta. Vision panicked while F.R.I.D.A.Y turned on the sprinklers located on the ceiling of the kitchen. They decided not to tell Tony or any of the other Avengers about this. It took a long time to convince Vision not to.
Tony donned his fake smile as he turned around. “Hey Steve. What are you doing here?”
Vision’s expression softened. He held the door for the three of them to leave.
“He was uh one of the recipients of the September Foundation Grant,” Tony said loudly. “A special recipient.”
So, when Tony said cars, the others expected a normal, minimalistic kind of family car. When they came face-to-face with two Audi A5 convertibles, they lost their shit.
She pulled him into a hug. Tony hugged back. For a brief moment, they held onto each other, tightly. Tony was fighting back the tears. Natasha knew he might breakdown at any moment. She let go of him, only to bend down to his eye level. She cupped his face with her palms.
Tony sighed, knowing he had already lost. “Fine. My dad was a dick to me. But it’s fine because that phase of my life is done. Agent Carter, I knew her as aunt Peggy. She always dropped by when I was younger and brought me out with Jarvis. She was like… my saving grace.”
I hope ya'll enjoy this chapter!
happened,” he pointed at the Helicarrier.
In front of Steve, there were two children running past him with balloons on their hands. A pregnant woman was on the phone, laughing. Two men walked past Steve and Wanda, holding hands. A few school students were brisk-walking to the nearest bus stop. Everything seemed so normal; almost peaceful actually.
“New York?” Steve blurted. “Then they’ll go there.”
It was a 50 minute journey from LAX. Clint took this opportunity to catch a quick nap. He rested his head Natasha’s shoulder. Bruce and Thor were now looking out of the window, at the things happening around the highway. Tony and Jarvis were speaking while Steve was listening to it.
While walking down the stairs, Steve pulled out his phone. He was contemplating, but was already typing a message.
I really love the Cloak!!
“Soon, Nat,” Steve sighed. “Like, we just got started. Let’s take it slow.”
Natasha and Bruce looked at each other.
“Yeah it’s unbelievable right? But I did! I was hungry and I thought of trying something new,” he let out a nervous laugh. “Oh and the Avengers took me in for the night, by the way. So, yeah I was in safe hands. And yeah, this is Steve, Captain America.”
“And you took it because?” Clint asked with his eyebrows raised.
The owner can de-age or even wipe anyone out of existence without altering the present time. He could also open portals to other worlds or dimensions.
Just as he took a generous bite off his sandwich, the office doors opened.
Rhodey turned back and smiled. “Yeah. Tony and I can deal with him, with General Ross. No worries Sam.”
Tony and his friends left the kitchen and took the stairs up. They each ran to their rooms to have a quick shower, and then lunch.
“I slept for 70 years. Not a 100.” Steve said. Tony had a very light smile on his face, which he was not aware of.
The six of them, after a filling lunch together, were standing in front of the
“Alright, the rest of you with me!” Steve said firmly. “Avengers Assemble!”
Bucky shifted himself closer to Steve. He then went on to place his head on Steve’s right shoulder. He closed his eyes and let out a soft sigh. Steve patted his best friend’s hand. After so long did Steve see a more peaceful looking Bucky. He couldn’t help but stare at him as he drifted off into a peaceful slumber.
“Like the good old days?” Natasha smirked.
“When you put it that way…” Reed sighed. “I’ll contact the Avengers and tell them about their team members, and leader.”
Tony was trying to hide the smile on his face. “Rhodey was just… venting out some frustrations. He does this regularly. Hey, wasn’t there once you nearly decked me?” he snorted.
“The match of a lifetime. The game of the century!” Clint said dramatically. “Basically, Thor and I are playing Badminton and you and Tony should watch us.”
“Kinda yes, professor,” Tony gave him a side smile. “He’s being really subtle about it.”
Thank you for all your support so far, guys!
Tony stopped the attempt at removing his tie. His eyes locked onto Steve’s. And when he realized what was up, he smirked. “Getting hungry again, are we?”
Even in the state of having his armor dismantled, Tony tossed Thor to Vision. He managed to catch Thor, who seemed to have gone unconscious. But he couldn’t catch Tony on time. Their fingers passed by one another, just by a few inches, and Vision saw the fear in Tony Stark’s eyes.
As if on cue, a Quinjet from the Helicarrier took off. It descended towards the boardwalk and it's back doors opened. Once done, multiple soldiers stepped out with guns.
“Thor, what can you tell us about the Frost Giants?” Steve asked.
“You!” Natasha snapped. “Will give me answers.”
**There's a light level of violence in this chapter**
Steve smiled at how amazed Tony looked. “No Tony… Someone else did.”
Let me know how this story is so far! :)
“General,” he sighed. “I don’t really think now’s the time-”
“Tony is missing. And we have a feeling Howard has something to do with that,” Clint bitterly said before continuing his way up the stairs.
“You’re trying to tell me that you like me, and I like you, and we have been living a lie for so long?” he asked, feeling himself smile.
“Their clothes are ready and are at the master bedroom.” Kayla said.
The rest of them nodded their heads.
Everyone else were walking back to the couch.  But Maria pulled her son to the side, to talk.
“I wish you hadn’t asked that, Clint. I just located Nightshade,” Sam spoke up. “She’s at the roof of the apartment you’re passing by. Her cybernauts are all headed towards the bank. They’re all dressed up like humans, they look like normal civilians.”
Steve turned behind, startled. “Hey to you too, sleepyhead.”
They were seated on the couch, with the others moving around them.
“Guys, why is Thor’s hammer flying towards- oh,” Clint paused.
“Wow Bruce,” Tony spoke while trying to control his laughter. “You look so sexy!” He snorted and started to laugh again.
Both him and his wife walked back to the kitchen, leaving Tony and friends to their own devices.
Tony's speech took me quite a while to write, because I had to create something 'presentable'. I even spoke it out and timed it and hit 3 minutes on the dot, which is such a fun fact!
“What did he say?” Carol asked her dryly, sounding as if she knew what her reply was going to be.
Tony was clearing his cupboard. He found a box that simply said, ‘touch it and you’ll be maimed’.
Tony turned to face Steve. “It’s fine, I’ll go back and live that boring life.”
Steve sighed. “We don’t have a proper strategy in place, Nat. We need to be prepared.”
Hence, Steve was using a shovel to bring the stone to the back. Linda was accompanying him. She was encouraging him while he took baby steps to the back door. Kayla agreed to watch
Tony eagerly clambered onto Steve’s arms. The rest of them walked away, leaving both of them alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She’s a genius, has a natural aptitude for science. By 16, she had self-taught herself genetics, physics and cybernetics. But, she also started to turn to crime,” Natasha explained.
This made Steve choke on his water and he spat some out onto his shirt.
“Thor, I’ll get into my armor. Stand by with the stone. I’ll give you juice!” Tony said.
Thor had swung an arm around Tony, telling him that everything was going to be fine. Natasha and Clint had run to the kitchen to get Jarvis, while Bruce was examining the injury. Steve was… well, very angry.
It took all of them a total of 6 minutes to calm down.
Steve, who was leaning against Thor, had a sudden realization. “Guys, while going on the roller coaster just now I think I saw a few men dressed up in suits. I even think I saw Tony’s dad among them. Do you think…?”
“But I don’t understand why you want Bucky too.” Natasha looked at him. “You were mad at him.”
He shut his room door while Natasha and Clint sauntered to their room.
*Tags will be updated as I update the story*
Ana and Jarvis exchanged a knowing look.
Steve only hoped they were at the attic. He was more than willing to run around the neighborhood, looking for them.
Here's some FYI to aid you:
When everyone was laughing after picturing Steve breaking the coffee table in their apartment, Howard Stark walked into the kitchen.
“Thanks Steve,” Kayla chuckled. “Linda tried her best too, you know.”
Happy reading! :D
Steve smiled a little. But his heart sank after hearing little Tony’s words. “I will miss you too, Tony.”
It was a very uneasy sleep. But it’s not like Steve had never experienced that before. He had had nightmares and many sleepless nights. So this, was nothing out of the ordinary.
“Hey, Pete.”
But…this was also the man who wanted Tony’s only son to risk his life for a chance at an illusion of love. Peter was obviously not in the right state of mind after his identity reveal and Wilson was clearly taking advantage.
He wanted this but…
Steve looked between the both of them with a happy smile.
Steve opened his mouth to deny it but he could not raise his voice. He could not lie to him again. Steve’s eyes flickered down to Peter’s sleeping form. He did not want to see the betrayal in Tony’s eyes.
He drifted into his dreams, slipping out of his love’s warm embrace and right back into his familiar open arms in the dream world.
From the couch, Tony called out, “
But now he was legally an adult. He could make his own choices and he chose to fight with the Avengers between his classes at NYU.
Steve laughed at the bizarre face and asked, “What are you doing?”
He and Tony froze and then simultaneously looked up. From his position, hovering over where Tony lay on the counter, he could easily see Sam standing in the living room. Steve’s friend’s cheeks were burnished red and he awkwardly held a laptop and his medkit.
The imposter ran as soon as he saw them. Steve got to him first, wanting to question his look-a-like. They scuffled and when they separated, he could tell by the looks his team was giving them, that they could not tell the difference between the two of them.
Tony blanched and stopped typing.
–!” Steve exclamation was cut off and Tony wobbled like he cut off a lifeline.
“Thank God,” Tony sighed. Upon Joe’s scared expression, Tony explained, “I am an American who was brought here against my will. I’m on your side. Okay, my countrymen! Stand down, I got this!”
“And Steve would be heartbroken if that happened!” Bruce added.
to the timeline.
“Eat, Capsicle, and return to the story!” Tony leaned forward from across the counter and waited for him to continue with an air of anticipation.
“No, Sir,” Jarvis replied over Iron Man’s speakers for all of them to hear.
“They know you have only been in contact the last few years and said that it was because Tony was respecting your parent’s wishes. We insinuated that those wishes were that you continued to believe the Parkers were your parents.”
“Did Jarvis scan the area?” Natasha asked and Tony frowned.
He looked down at her with those same wide eyes, but, as his gaze focused on her, his eyes returned to normal. He stuttered a reply, “Down the hall. There’s a cold room there. They put me in there before putting me on the machine. It weakened me and it's probably doing the same to him.”
Yet after the fall of Hydra and the discovery of his lab, Norman distanced himself from the project and pushed aside all his dreams of using the boy. He was in SHIELD and the Avengers’ hands. Norman saw no point in trying to take him back. He had gotten what he originally wanted, to crack the Super Soldier mystery, and he was satisfied.
This was real. Peter was real.
Tony threw back his head and laughed. It was, by far, the best way to stop a villain’s ranting so far.
“And we have to go over what is acceptable behavior in public and what you can and cannot do to Steve. I don’t want you to scar him for life,” Pepper stated picking up a handful of documents.
His hand shot away from his ear and tore at the thing swallowing Peter.
“What are you doing, Pete?” Steve asked before Tony could further scar his son.
“…Uh,” Steve murmured. His mind instantly went blank as he tried to think of a good deflector to the question.
Steve’s face felt like it was burning bright red as Tony slipped away from him with a wanton smile. The engineer started to walk again and Steve watched him dumbly, unable to really process his jumbled thoughts after such a dirty promise.
Tony was halfheartedly tinkering in his lab. His grief was no longer the soul-shattering thing that had debilitated him at Steve’s funeral but, a month later, it was still an omnipresent force that was weighing him down.
He touched the railing to Steve’s bed and peered down at him a moment longer. Steve continued to slumber and Tony’s heart squeezed painfully. He whispered to him, “I will be right back.”
“No…Peter…We’re not going to have this argument again…You need to stay here,” Dad sighed and Peter glanced up at him. His armor was unable to cover the cast on his arm so it was exposed and his face shield was still up revealing a pale and wearied face. His dad was in no condition to fight. If he was going then Peter should be able to too!
They had fallen into bed with the clothes they wore that day so a few layers separated him from Natasha’s flesh but he could feel the heat coming off her body and the softness of her breast. He trembled from the intimacy and felt humbled by the fact that she wanted this…wanted him.
“I think you were a little preemptive in burying me,” Steve teased and joyous tears began to fall unchecked from his eyes.
Steve’s head snapped back in shock and Natasha icily explained, “
Steve grasped Tony’s arm and whispered, “Tony, we knew the DNA would match. We thought this would happen…Please, let me go.”
Tony raised himself into the air again and used his camouflage technology to darken his suit to seem more menacing and stated, “Hydra. You are defeated. Stand down or you will deal with me.”
“Be – …is,” Jarvis’s garbled voice stated over the speakers.
Tony stared straight ahead, refusing to look at Steve as he mutely returned to changing into his uniform. Without a doubt, Tony knew Steve was thinking of the one solution he thought left to them.
Venom growled, baring sharp teeth and refusing to reply. But it stopped fighting Hulk and continued to stare back at Steve.
Needless to say, the rest of the night was spent dodging security but they had fun with it, pretending they were spies on a secret mission. Peter never had so much fun or done so many ridiculous things in one night not dressed as Spidey.
Steve did but watched the time traveler curiously. Why was Steve laying down? What did he have planned? There was no food so they weren't having a picnic. Did…Did he expect sex? Steve’s heart withered at the thought. He wanted Tony to woo him. He wanted what most other couples’ had before jumping in bed together…
“It’s okay, Peter,” Steve whispered, just barely keeping his voice from breaking. Steve stooped his head and lightly kissed Peter’s forehead. He repeated, “It’s okay…”
Tony shrugged on his jacket and eyed his fiancé uneasily. What was going through Steve’s mind? He asked, “You okay, babe? Do you want to hold off on this? All the people know is that I’m making a big announcement. I can just announce the new Iron Man model…”
And Tony cared for Steve.
Their eyes locked and Bucky’s gaze bore into his, digging deep into his soul. He felt as if everything he was, was bared for Bucky to see, including all the fantasies Steve ever had about him. All the blood left Steve’s face and he felt his mouth dry.
“Tony,” Steve murmured, flushing more from the intimate touch in front of his friend.
It took Steve a while to fall asleep. Tony could almost feel his dark thoughts as they weighed down on his husband’s shoulders. Only once his muscles relaxed and his breathing evened out, did he know Steve to have finally succumbed to his exhaustion.
“He’s too precious for this world,” Wade countered with his subconscious. “…My little Spidey- cinnamon-roll.” He smiled to himself and reminded himself, “He’s mine.”
Eddie stopped rubbing his eyes and murmured, “That sounds great…”
He didn’t even have a grave to mourn.
“So he’s on his way up right now?” Tony whispered excitedly.
But, most importantly, after getting to know him these past ten days, Tony could call him a friend and Steve did the same of him.
The city was quieter. Workweek nights were usually slower but Peter darkly wondered if it was somehow connected to the drama of his reveal?
After becoming Iron Man, and more so after the Avengers formed, Tony started getting his act together. He only drank when appropriate and made sure no one was around on August 20
The vast difference this time from all those other mornings was that he woke with his lover at his side.
“He and Mary were in SHIELD, May,” Ben explained to his wife and the older woman blanched.
So in my gratitude, I give unto you another chapter to make you cry... XD
Peter laughed but drew Wade into his arms and they were kissing again. Peter walked backwards, directing Wade in the direction of his bedroom. Wade was so distracted by Peter’s eager mouth and roving hands that he couldn’t keep track where they were going. Next thing he knew, Peter was unbuckling Wade’s belt and kicking the door behind them closed. Peter dropped the belt with a loud and heavy thunk and he observed, “That thing is heavy.”
“I did, Pep –,” Tony gasped, his voice breaking with his guilt. “I – I coulda saved him…”
He’d sometimes wake from a nightmare about the vortex and reach out to Steve, expecting him to be there. Whenever he wasn’t, Tony pathetically clutched Steve’s pillow and inhaled the scent that clung to it until he calmed down.
“My implant isn’t real,” her soulmate hissed.
“Done,” Tony said with a nod.
“Another lifetime,” Tony murmured, brushing off his old feelings. He was grateful to Wade now. The man was good for Peter.
Logan held up his phone and stated, “I just got a special invite for a special event and I can bring a plus one.”
“Cause da ice cweam is in dhere,” Peter replied and Steve laughed.
, Captain Rogers. I suggest you broaden your horizons a bit before you start calling me incompetent. And Natasha was too far from you to help. I took a risk and it worked. You’re welcome.”
“You two always told me the story growing up. It was my own personal fairy tale,” Peter murmured. “And then you two shared this secret smile at the end of the story and I always wondered what it meant. Maybe it was you remembering this moment today?”
Wade’s answering smile genuinely made Peter ponder his statement. He’d said it to get a rise out of the other intern but he didn’t even pause to see Eddie’s reaction. Wade and his smile was all he saw. Wade was actually interested in him. This wasn’t a game or some fun flirtation.
“I love you too,” Steve whispered, handing his shield to Tony. He finally voiced it aloud but it was during the worst possible situation.
“No matter what we do, they’re going to notice us coming in so we need to give the Red Skull something…a reason to let down his guard,” Clint murmured as he looked for a solution to suddenly appear in the blueprints they had all scoured clean.
Tony closed his eyes and grumbled, “Stupid space time continuum…”
“Then let us speak to her,” Tony demanded. “Where is sh-?”
As soon as he was able, Tony blasted back to Steve’s side and, for a moment, he thought something was wrong. Steve looked shaken and was staring at Point Break’s hammer with shock, fear, and, strangely enough, recollection.
Tony grumbled to the nanorobots to go away and then he pressed his flesh cheek into Steve’s gloved hand and assured him, “I’m fine, Beloved…”
?! How could he mated to a person who didn’t use technology??
Tears of frustration prickled his eyes and his entire body began to shake.
“Ok, I may have a few more questions about this once we return to Earth,” Sam sarcastically said.
Steve laughed again and warmly replied, “Sure.”
Steve smirked at the shorter man and replied, “You heard right. I’m a daddy.”
The X-Man was one of the last to arrive but Wade was happy to see him. If it weren’t for Logan and his nose, Venom might still be on Peter.
Tony shook his head and said, “You look fine, Cap. Heck, you look like the dads they use to pose with the kids in the magazines!”
“Nat, can we do this later? I need to talk to Steve right now.”
He made himself focus on the task of reaching the bridge and kept all other thoughts at bay.
Rogers smiled and said, “Imagine dying and then waking up after being frozen for several decades.
Vision’s grip slipped on the powerline as he jerked in the young woman’s direction and the current stopped flowing through Wade and Peter.
Steve perked an eyebrow and asked, “What?”
Steve actually chuckled and Tony sat up straighter. He’d never heard Cap laugh before. Steve smiled sadly at him and mumbled, “I was never…” He cleared his throat and whispered, “I… I’m…. I’ve always been attracted to men. Being with a man...this is something I’ve wanted
.” Tony reached over and ran his hand over Steve’s inner thigh, his hand coming within a hair’s width of his crotch.
Tony shuffled into the kitchen when Peter was halfway through the apple sauce.
He’d been cheated out of many things growing up. Being both of poor health and poor wealth amounted to him missing out on a lot. He took it all though and shouldered it like it was a badge of honor for him to overcome but…but this was the one thing Steve didn’t want to shoulder.
The address was for an old warehouse that looked like it hadn’t been used in over a decade. They scanned the building as they flew over it but they were unable to get any sort of reading inside.
They shared a moment, simply staring at each other. Peter was the first to break eye contact and looked away with a slight flush. Wade caught his chin, preventing him from completely looking away.
Steve and Tony quickly slipped on their black shirts as the plane landed. Steve had to do a double take on Tony when the shirt was on. The reactor shined through the fabric and he’d grown so used to helping him smother the light that it felt odd to see it through his shirt out in the open like this.
is doing to him,” Tony whispered, his voice strained from his suffocating grief, and his face was still pressed to Steve’s hand like he couldn’t meet his eyes.
“I’m serious, Tony,” Bruce stated. He said, “You are also an idiot but it can’t be helped.”
Wade smiled bashfully at Peter and Peter curled his fingers into Wade’s as if to assure him all was fine.
He told himself it was for the better because he couldn’t give Steve what he needed. Steve was straight, but, most importantly, he was the kind of man who needed a strong, stable relationship. Tony's relationships were usually short or were merely fuck buddies.
Tony shook his hand and crooked his eyebrow and said, “I haven’t heard anything about you. Having an affair with
He pulled Steve and they dove through the crowd. It took the reporters a few seconds to recover then followed them, grasping for Steve.
The man did not move, even when Tony nudged him with the tip of his toe.
It was no longer the 1940s.
Eddie was rubbing at his wrist and whispered, “Do you miss it?”
“LIAR!” She screeched and lunged toward him from her seat behind the prosecution. One of the lawyers from the prosecution grabbed her and she struggled to get to Steve. “You’ve seen me!” She hissed, her gaze was wild and she looked like she would kill him.
Steve fell to his knees, unable to absorb it all.
He fled again but this time was slower. His hunger was slowing him down.
Peter’s face happy expression fell off almost as soon as he saw them. He read them almost as well as they read him. Peter sadly whispered, “So I guess I’m not seeing her…”
Tony groaned and the sky above them became pitch black, like the blackness Steve experienced when Tony was awake…the same blackness he’d lived with for years before he met Tony. What did it mean?? Tony couldn't be -!
Tony snorted and Steve smiled with him. They kissed with their happy smiles in place and then Tony wrested himself on top of Steve, making the super solider release a squeal of unmanly giggles. They rolled around the bed kissing and laughing from the sheer fact that they were so ridiculously in love and equally happy.
“Fury assigned her to be your new handler and I thought this ‘private’ moment would a good time as any to introduce you,” Coulson explained.
“I know,” Tony moaned but snuggled closer to his soulmate to find more comfort.
Her brows pinched in confusion and she asked, “What more?.. And why are you speaking to me in English?”
“Then my confusion stems from this: Tyler claimed to be working when this happened but this is not her uniform.”
With his other hand, he tentatively ran his fingertips over Tony’s arm, starting where his hand lay at the base of Steve’s neck and making his way to his friend’s shoulder. Beneath the long-sleeved shirt, Tony’s muscles were smaller than Steve’s but were hard with untold strength. Steve paused at his shoulder, not sure where to continue, until Tony leaned his head down and put his cheek in Steve’s hand.
Who knew salt was her niche?
much deeper and her guilt worsened.
Steve found himself by a body of water, he wasn’t sure which lake it was but people were on the water in boats. He marveled at his surroundings. The park looked so much nicer and better maintained from when he last saw it in his era.
When they parked in the garage under the Tower and far away from the reporters camped out outside, Steve leaned toward him and asked, “Is everything okay?”
intimate.
As soon as the door opened, Peter exploded with questions. “Did you see her? Was it really her? What’s she like? Was she nice? Did she ask about me? Does she want to see me?”
This was different.
The rest of the way to Howard’s tent was heavy with silence and, since first meeting Steve, he regretted ever investigating the Hydra base. He should have stayed home and kept upgrading his armor.
Steve watched him for a few moments. Tony’s total concentration was in his work but his face was serene. He always loved to watch Tony work, it was a side of him very few got to see…
Tony stepped out of the elevator and Steve did not move from where he stood. He was rooted like an ancient tree with roots that dug down deep into the earth. He was swaying and if he lift a single foot, if he pulled out any of those roots, that tree would come crashing down.
“How??” Tony gasped.
Peter chuckled and turned to grab Wade’s hands. He whispered, “Please do.”
And then there was that gardenias comment.
Steve’s phone vibrated on his bedside table.
“Yes…Natasha, I guess…keep doing what you’re doing,” Sam said.
When Bucky was gone, they turned back to each other and smiled knowingly at each other.
Dum Dum was the last to arrive, adjusting his favorite bowler hat and smiling apologetically. The team was quick to move out once he was there. Steve had Tony keep close to him to make sure he really could handle the gun and to better help him understand how their team worked out on the field. He and Tony walked side-by-side whereas the rest of the team took their usual combing formation, stretching out and putting a large gap between each member but still staying within sight of one another.
!! Oh my God, how far back did Wade go?? Are you two even in the new millennium yet?? Are you even a couple????”
“Osborn needs to get his people into some courtesy classes,” Tony commented dryly.
Bruce, Scott, and Hope waited a few seconds more until they started to nervously scrabble.
Steve was gone.
Eddie let him go and looked… lost. He clutched his wrist and murmured, “…That’s why Venom liked you more…you’re stronger…”
Posting in another week! :3
Bucky hated seeing his best friend frown like that and commanded, “Don’t think like that. He’s doing great. The others still think he’s being overdramatic about his injury and he’s still able to help Panzer. He’s strong, Steve. He’s got this.”
Tony swallowed the dry lump forming in his throat as he remembered Jarvis saying those exact words when they first arrived in the past.
She wordless grabbed a glass and began to fill it. She asked, “Enjoying the party?”
“Oh, my God. You – You didn’t see me,” the man garbled, backing away from him. “I wasn’t here. I – I just thought you were in trouble – I heard this explosion, saw the smoke – so I came to help but you’re fine, so I’ll go…”
Tony gritted his teeth as he sat back up and hefted his gun back into his arms. His chest was burning and Tony ran his hand around his reactor, trying to dispel the pain that had grown from the impact. He couldn’t spare any thoughts to the feeling in his chest however, as the Hydra agents began to fire at him again making his Jeep shield shake ominously. He stayed ducked to avoid their initial fire and then jumped up and fired back in a volley of blue rays.
“Th-this-,” Bruce gasped with a flush.
Going on a hiatus again as I decide what to post next! I want to do another Soulmate AU  but I’m between doing another Stony or diving into some Spideypool....we'll see which ship prevails :D
Steve smirked and reached out to run his fingers through Peter’s hair. It made him unreasonably happy that Peter noticed how much Steve and Tony cared for each other.
playing in front of them. Tony was going to be going on soon, giving his first interview since the whole mess began. Both Peter and Steve elected to not be included in the program.
Tony took his eyes away from them for a second as he redirected himself but he returned his gaze as soon as he was able.
Tony should have done it sooner.
Tony landed and separated the distance between them in seconds. With tears forming in Tony’s eyes, he reached out to Steve and gasped, “
“The Tigarrrr!” Peter finally answered with a fake growl and bared his teeth.
“See what happens when you hang out with my ex-girlfriends,” Tony commented, trying, in his own way, to comfort her.
“Okay,
He found Tony bent over a platinum gold highchair with red cushions. He had opened the side and was fiddling with the wires on the inside. Dummy was bent over Tony’s hunched form with a fire extinguisher at the ready.
Steve absorbed all of this information and then asked gently, “What’s his name?”
On a side note: OMG that Avenger's trailer!! Every new scene they release makes me want to see it more!! And then all the stony, omg so much! I'm so excited! I can't wait for it to come out!! <3
At one point, when Peter paused in his work to get a water bottle from the fridge where everyone kept their food (safely separated from all the other fridges in the room holding scientific samples or chemicals), he noticed Wade sent him a video message, Peter glanced at Eddie, working on the other side of the lab, and then opened it with the volume low.
It was at that moment when he was resting his eyes did Jarvis inform him, “Sir, I believe I have captured Master ‘Enigma’ on camera…there is a runner matching his build running ten miles south along Highway One.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmmbrgug,” Tony gurgled.
Steve dropped his gaze and ran the tips of his fingers down the binding of his sketchbook.
Simply put…It. Looked.
Tony inhaled deeply, to steady his voice. Steve’s stipulations came to mind and Tony replied, “Remember those rules you gave me? I-I…I can’t…” Tony huffed and shook his head. He couldn’t say it.
“Oh God, we are going to do this…This is going to suck ass,” Tony groaned. “I need a fucking coffee.”
“Alright,” Harry mumbled, suddenly shy.
Tony wasted no time getting to his workshop but paused as he regarded his latest suits up and ready to go. Mark 18, 19, and 20 were all lined up along the wall but…
“What was that?? Who’s there??”
Tony frowned at him and Bruce reached out and lightly touched Peter’s shoulder. He cajoled, “Peter. Wake up, Peter.”
He stepped onto the threshold and gasped, “Wait! D-Do you want to go out sometime?”
When he opened his eyes again, he realized he’d fallen on the ground. The suit had gone dark again, but he could tell by the flickering screens that it’d be connected in a few seconds. He was too weak to sit up nor open his mouth to talk to Jarvis so he waited...
Twenty minutes ago, he had been blissfully unaware of the true state of the world.
“The merc and bugboy are really dating?” Bucky gasped. “How did
Steve scooted closer, laying his head on Tony’s shoulder, and traced out the lines as he murmured, “No, these veiny things. They weren’t there last time.”
When half of Steve’s face was covered, Schmidt hovered over to him again and whispered to him alone, “When I finally empty you, the first person I am going to have you kill is your soulmate. You will hunt him down and
Steve scrapped the last of the apple sauce out and fed the final scoop to Peter. He tossed the spoon in the sink then threw the empty container into the trash.
It was all he could do now, extort promises from his soulmate…it was so pointless. It would make no difference in the long run.
“Well, alright, let’s get right down to it then. You are no longer going to kill for Hydra. You are going to be your own person now. You’re going to be Bucky Barnes again,” Tony commanded.
What else was he to expect from a man born in an era where such things were outlawed? And Steve kept asking if he wanted to back out and Tony kept saying no…He probably just wanted Tony to back out so Steve didn’t have to hurt his feelings.
“The reactor isn’t being ‘productive’ per say…it’s more of a fun activity,” Tony retorted.
“…Do – Do you live here too?”
“Yes, you’re my best friend, Buck. If you are in trouble I am going to help you,” Steve replied, the forced kiss was already forgotten and forgiven. “And if she will try to run away but I will get Tony to put whatever room we are in in lockdown.”
Tony smirked and gently ran a finger over one of Peter’s arms.
Tony felt like he was flying into a comic book fight as he attacked his opponent. The man’s flying apparatus was crafted with wings that had turbines, BUT they were tipped with bird feathers and his mask had beady little green eyes like a bird. Because if you’re going to be a villain might as well be a “themed” villain, right?
There was no way they were done, but they needed a breather before cracking open the lube again.
Steve smirked and replied, “I need to check on Peter anyways.”
“…K-Kill?” Wade murmured in unabashed confusion.
"When he finally does join the team officially, I can see both you and Tony fretting over him as much as Bucky has been doing for you for the last hour," Natasha teased.
Tony sat up, the action fueled by fear of the unknown and the need to comfort his fiancé. He grasped Steve’s face with both of his hands and, before asking any of the thousands of questions forming on the tip of his tongue, he stated, “Then here’s my belated hourly reminder that I love you.”
“I’ll see you inside,” Steve whispered and bent down to lightly kiss Tony. Tony returned the kiss but that frown remained in place when they separated.
“Sweeeett,” Tony said, his mind already planning to make Steve something similar as soon as they got back. “Now walk ahead of me so I can watch your ass in action, my commando Commando.”
Tony’s heart skipped a beat but he played it off and teased, “Oh, are you proposing Captain Rogers?”
Tony shakily pushed himself up and worriedly gasped, “Beloved?
They both collapsed onto the bed and Steve groaned, “I have that meeting with the General first thing in the morning…”
“James and Natalia,” he whispered.
“You want us to purposely electrocute Peter??” Tony demanded.
Wade deep throated him and it immediately skyrocketed to the top five.
“No,” Steve gasped. He barely felt them digging the bullets out of him. His emotional pain was stronger than his physical pain. He felt like his heart was being torn apart. He loved them both but could only have one. Both men were great in their own right.
Happy stepped back and Steve stepped out. With heavy shoulders, he walked over to the elevator and he felt Happy watch him as he crossed the room. He stepped inside the lift without turning around so he would not have to see the older man’s melancholy expression. The metal doors sealed behind him with a light click and, without raising his head, Steve asked, “Is he still there, Jarvis?”
Tony saw Steve’s grip tighten slightly on the mug but he put up no protest and nodded to Bucky.
Was it really too much to ask for?
Bucky turned back to the ocean again. He was clearly searching for something, but it was more internal than external.
He did not know how long he lay there. It felt like a million years of agonizing waiting and slow, slow healing. A huge explosion jarred him from his focus.
and they haven’t even done the deed yet.
“Out?” Steve asked in confusion.
Tony groaned, “We are never touching that crap again! Besides…” Tony reached between them, pressing their members together with a tight grip. Steve hissed with the contact as Tony murmured, “I’m too close to wait.”
we can try.”
“Yeah…” Tony got a sad, far away look in his eyes and he smiled lightly. He murmured, “Yeah, he did…”
I will post the next chapter Thursday!
The building belonged to SHIELD. Natasha surveyed the surrounding area through her binoculars. The structure had a team patrolling the perimeter and it looked like it was at a high security level. It was well guarded.
Steve heart leapt into his throat. He needed Tony! He couldn’t let them take him away!
“Good night, Mr. Stark,” Steve replied. He caught Tony’s hand as he pulled away and squeezed it before letting go. He jogged to the elevator and Jarvis had it open and ready for him.
Tony was chattering happily as he told Steve about everything he knew to have had happened since he fell asleep. Steve listened quietly and leaned heavily into him as they walked through the hotel. When they entered their hotel room, Steve sat on the bed and Tony went into the kitchen to make coffee for both of them. He continued to tell him about Natasha being a BAMF and how she kicked it to Hydra and SHIELD by uploading SHIELD’s files onto the world wide web.
“SOLO?!” Chewie called out in alarm.
“Is the popcorn already done?” Peter asked, wiping his face.
He could feel Tyler’s eyes burning into the back of his head the entire time but he ignored her.
What Eddie said troubled him…he and Bruce seemed to get along. Maybe he could get Bruce to speak with Eddie about the incident and, if need be, look into counseling.
Steve rounded the table and cupped his jaw, making Tony look up at him. Steve’s thumb lightly brushed against his cheek and he whispered, “I love you, Tony.”
“Fury won’t like this,” Coulson stated ominously.
Peter noticed Tony's change in expression and stated, “While I’m with Wade, I’ll check to see what his schedule is like and pick a night where we can all have dinner and properly get to know each other.”
He stopped and waited for the smoke to clear. Most of the forces he’d been firing at were gone, either scattered or fallen.
“Hello Phil,” Ms. Potts sighed with exacerbation.
“I’m sure Fury will enjoy that too,” Steve observed dryly.
“Uh, hi?” Peter replied. He glanced nervously over his shoulder and asked, “Should I be concealing my identity too?”
Steve’s new uniform sat folded on the side table. He rounded the bed and checked out Steve’s new duds to distract himself. The uniform unfolded as he held it up and he was happy to see the bottom half of his uniform was going to be as tight as always on his ass. SHIELD was doing one thing right at least. Even though the fabric was armored and military grade, Tony already came up with a few spandex references to tease Steve about… that is, if everything turned out alright after Tony did his stupid confessing.
It was a bitter irony.
His mind immediately fell to those who did not have long to live. But even then, it seemed cruel to fill the last moments of their lives with such horror and pain. He walked to the hospital either way. His brain came up with other victims: the comatose, those who were dying in pain, those who had no brain activity, or those who had not heartbeat…Yet he kept making excuses and Venom was getting antsy.
He woke up with Aunt May wishing him a happy birthday and had a platter of his favorite blueberry pancakes for breakfast. He went out, saying he was meeting up with some friends, but in actuality he patrolled the city as Spider-Man. He did that until dinner. He came back home and had dinner with Aunt May, some neighbors, and a couple of childhood friends from the neighborhood.
A few agents lowered their guns a little and looked uncertainly to their commander. Looking like he just took a bite out of a lemon, Fury glared at him and his one eye was pinched into a tiny slit.
Marston’s grin widened and he said, “
“Father’s Day is next week,” Tony whispered in silent explanation.
“Tony…” Steve whispered imploringly.
The reason being became apparent as a dark tendril wound around Peter’s arm. Tony’s hand tightened on Steve and he demanded, “Pump more of the gas in there, Bruce!”
Steve released a shuddering gasp. He had held his breath waiting but, now it felt like he could only sob not
As soon as the doors reopened, Tony rushed out of the elevator and straight to the kitchen where he had left Peter and Steve.
“Natasha, you should not let him remembering me before you convince you that he did not love you. He has no control over this but he’s remembering you now. He remembers his feelings for you and I can see it!”
James smiled at her and her heart fluttered. It was the first time it was directed at her and she didn’t know it would affect her so. James didn’t seem to notice and dug the extra communicator out of his pocket. He held it out to Steve and said, “The honor is yours.”
The pressure from the gun disappeared and Natasha relaxed fractionally but did not move.
“I have to tell him, Nat. I tried to delay my guys on my end but they’ve picked up on Cap’s trail. We found footage from the 4
“Michael –?!”
Venom had melted away down the storm drain and Steve had fallen to his knees in the seconds it took for Thor to reach him.
She bit down on her lip tightly and cupped his cheek. She whispered, “You, Steve Rogers, are the strongest, most brilliant man I have ever met…and you don’t deserve this.”
“What more can I do, baby boy?” Wade whispered to the quiet house.
Howard frowned and murmured, “We should call you Snarky, not Sneaky.”
Someone just tried to kill him and his family.
Tony’s mind was scrambling to come up with a solution but, even if he had the future’s technologies, he was blanking.
“It is SHIELD’s final stance on the matter, but I find it suspicious,” Peggy retorted. She paused and then whispered, “A few years ago, the man who built the crucible, the main part to the machine that made Steve Captain America…he died in a house fire.”
. He nestled his face into his Pops’ chest and listened to his heart beat. He was alive. He was real. He was home…and Peter knew everything was going to be alright.
“Did your dad tell you stories?” Steve teased.
Frustrated tears burned his eyes and he wanted to tear out his hair. Instead, he gently grasped Tony’s hand and then Tony gripped his hand like he was about to fall off a tall cliff.
been with a man and he couldn’t help but wonder what position he’d like when they’d finally do the deed…
Tony swooped in like a guardian angel and pulled Peter and Harry back into his birthday party. Peter looked back to Bucky with concern until he saw Steve step up next to Bucky and he smiled reassuringly at his son. As Peter turned away, Steve cornered Bucky before he could escape.
Tony shrugged and said, “I can just sleep in my suit. That’s what I’ve been doing since I got here…”
Norman was a well-known figure in the science community around the world so he put forth the names of the most intelligent women he knew. Mary Parker, had not only been intelligent, but was an undercover SHIELD agent in his company. Presenting her name had been a win-win situation for Norman.
Steve tried to straighten out his clothing the best he could but between swimming in the ocean the day before and sleeping out in the elements in it, it was beginning to look worse for wear.
Peter’s relief was so powerful that his legs trembled and he slumped to the ground. Not being able to return to his family was horrible but Venom agreeing not to kill anymore was marvelous. Maybe, with time, Venom would be more willing to let him see his family. But, in the meantime…
Steve chuckled again and a small smile twitched against his lips. He bent down and cupped Tony’s face. Steve drew him into a kiss. He boldly slid his tongue in and enlisted a soft moan from Tony. His mouth tasted similarly to Steve’s but his was a stronger coffee so he tasted more bitter.
“We have to go in all the same,” Steve stated, the terrified images of Laura and the children flashed through his mind.
Without questioning Tony’s ire, Clint moved his holo-screen to the passenger seat. Brock’s scared face filled the screen. Clint had already briefed the young man on the situation. He knew his and Peter’s experiment had disobeyed Peter and would not come off.
As he entered the kitchen, he started to say, “Hey, Aunt May I’ve got…”
Uncle Thor glanced at Peter and saw that he had heard. Uncle Thor nodded then flew him to the Oscorp Tower without pause. As he dropped him off on top of the tower he asked, “Are you certain, Peter?”
This was also the first time Tony would be going to the memorial since returning to the present and he wasn’t sure how he was going to react either…
At the end of it, she was quiet for several moments until she finally whispered, “You’re so much more stronger than I thought you were…to bear this for all these years, to not tell anyone, and to still love him…”
“Cool, I'll get those and you'll go take a nice long shower,” Peter said, pushing Wade in the direction of his bathroom.
“I usually keep my gear and my cybernetic limbs in good repair, so I should be able to repair something as archaic as an arc reactor,” Cable replied.
Peter instantly slumped in his father’s hold and pouted, “Why?”
who had not been a part of his life for decades,
, Soldier.”
Steve nodded and said, “Alright, let’s get to work.”
They were quiet as the company left and the silence continued for a few more moments after they were gone. They didn’t break eye contact the entire time, but Steve did reach out to him with his other hand to hold both of his. He rubbed his thumbs over the back of Tony’s fingers and Tony let himself relax into the intimate gesture.
Steve’s new apartment was huge, including a master suite for himself and a smaller bedroom (originally a guest room) for Peter. There was an office with a small library, a kitchen, a dining room, a workout room with weights and a treadmill, and a living room which was where the elevator was to connect him to the rest of the building. All of this came with high-end furniture and a nearly 360 degree, stellar view of the Manhattan skyline.
Peter was loathe to leave Wade’s arms just yet but he pushed himself up.
He and Steve discussed how well his friend was doing on the mission and in real life but, in the back of his mind, Tony worried over the problem that was Wade Wilson and the possible solutions to getting rid of him.
He'd only just reached the station when he finally called his Aunt May to apologize.
He pictured the man in question and mentally repeated the term silently to himself as if to ingrain it into his memory.
boyfriend.
"Alright, alright, I'm coming!" Tony sighed overdramatically.
He was just accepting Steve’s death. Why did he have to start forgetting what he looked like too?
EDIT: With the comments I'm getting, I just want to assure you guys that I tag my fics appropriately! However, if you've read my other fics you'll find I am a big fan of "
“Tony, seriously, what are you doing?”
Peter was beginning to shake as his locked up emotions began to swiftly escape and overcome him. Peter locked eyes with Pops. It felt like he was still in some kind of fantasy.
Tony tried to properly kiss his lips back but he was sobbing too heavily and Steve was holding up all his weight. Steve rocked him gently and kept whispering apologies into his scalp. To Steve, it seemed like only half an hour ago he had last seen Tony but, to his husband, so much more time had passed and, in that time, he thought Steve dead. Steve’s heart went out to him and he wanted to hold and comfort his husband’s trembling form for eternity.
Steve snorted as he looked at the photo on the phone and then he turned the phone on Tony and said, “Smile.”
! But Cable said our granddaughter has to deal with the Neo-Nazi version of them?!”
“Thank you for that, Wade,” Steve stated sincerely. He looked up from the grill and said, “There was only so much my husband and I could do for Peter and I did not see him open up until he talked about you.”
Howard chuckled, and Tony was reminded of the father he knew when Howard haughtily retorted, “We’ll obviously just make a new element.”
Tony knew the scandal to be fake as soon as he heard it. Steve was his best friend. He knew the man better than himself and he
A moment later, Peter’s heart pain stopped and his dad reappeared, laying exactly where he had fallen.
Peter had pinned the man to the wall as he let the mugger’s victim escape. Peter’s stomach suddenly clenched and his claws jerked into the man’s flesh. The mugger cried out and Peter felt his mouth open and expand. He almost let Venom swallow the man until he remembered at the last minute that he was in control.
Maybe if Tony took his time, Steve would think the gesture was nothing and they could go back to pretending. Tony wouldn’t even chance a glance at Steve's magnificent ass the rest of the night.
They tortured him, cut off his goddamn arm, they broke him, and he doesn’t even remember his damn name Because. Of!
Tony glanced up to one of Jarvis’s cameras and then back to Steve.
When he entered the room, he was struck by the amount of activity around the machine and then he noted the activity mostly consisted of digging
Should he just end it now and save himself from the heartache?
“You are utterly insane,” Steve mumbled as he caught sight of the beard again. It was as well made one and probably was made by the same people who created movie props. Tony, of course, just happened to have it lying around. Tony grinned, his fake beard raised with his cheeks.
Peter’s Spidey Sense was still tingling, making Peter’s hair stand on edge, and he murmured, “Guys…I don’t think –.”
Peter narrowed his eyes in suspicion. These two were obviously concealing their identities. Peter’s Spidey-Sense was not going off so they were not an immediate danger to him but that did not mean he had to trust them.
“It’s trying to speak,” Scott gasped. “How intelligent is it??”
“You're hotter, babe.”
Uncle Thor looked to the tower, several blocks away and clear from the fighting.
Tony raised his hand and pointed his repulsor at the monster’s head. There was no way this was Steve’s friend. Steve said they were so close that they were like brothers. A brother wouldn’t do this. It was an android or a clone and Tony was going to destroy it before it destroyed Steve.
Upon the imposter’s exclamation using Steve’s name, everyone’s weapons pointed at Steve.
He tore wildly at the symbiote’s body, hoping against hope that he could stop it from taking Peter again
Steve kissed the juncture between Tony’s neck and collarbone.
,” Steve interrupted, unable to take any more of the self-hate.
“Even the awkward beginning?” Steve asked.
Tony was so shocked that he could not think for the span of a few seconds before he finally garbled, “E-Escaped?
Peter had been expecting it but he still hissed in surprise when the shield exploded from the beaker in his arms and deflected the heavy book.
Peter could do to stop Venom from accomplishing it.
He launched himself straight at his target and grabbed her by the throat again.
Tony was so thankful to be blessed with the miracle that was Steve Rogers.
“Most likely,” Steve said apologetically.
“Dad?”
Steve nodded, happy to help.
He was 27 years-old.
Peter raised an eyebrow and asked, “...But why did you get those hyia-flowers?”
Natasha smirked and said, “True. If I hear Steve sigh heavily one more time I might have to punch him.”
Eventually, they came across Bucky’s gift, the plainest out of them all, wrapped in newspaper just as he used to wrap the gifts he got for Steve in the 40s.
Peter wetly stated, “It’s no use. We are one.”
He looked to Steve with a sly grin and asked, “Help me dry off?”
Natasha and Clint were out of the building on an assignment for SHIELD and Thor was currently in Asgard with Jane. So no one should intrude on them.
Steve looked away sharply and clenched his fingernails deep into his palms.
“Sexy, ain't it?” Wade asked, winking at him.
He went to the bar and ordered Pepper's drink but then he saw his last conquest, Miss Christine Everhart of Vanity Fair, and she shoved photographs into his hands. Those pictures made Tony's focus narrow onto the images in his hands and Pepper's drink and the Enigma were forgotten.
Tony circled the suit, it still had the additional weapons upgrades from the alternative future but the moniker was gone. Tony opened several panels finding the hardware where it was supposed to be…but, upon closer inspection to the chips, he didn’t see any of the company names that were usually etched into the covers.
“You are a terrible liar,” Natasha retorted.
The future was unwritten and Steve could not wait to fill the gaps in with the man at his side whether it be more kisses or words of love.
“And I will never willingly put my son in danger,” Steve growled.
“Bucky would've blown a gasket if he saw us,” Steve observed with a small smile.
But Steve only got to admire his gaze for a few seconds as Tony cleared what little distance there was between them and pulled Steve into a tight embrace. They shared a deep kiss and then parted just slightly.
But, for the first time since waking, he felt safe enough to sleep deeply…
“I’ll get you a tub,” Steve replied with an eyeroll. “I’ll be right back.”
Her mouth was warm and soft beneath his hand and he gulped dryly which did not go unnoticed by Natasha. Her eyes flashed and her lips flexed beneath him. They had been dancing around their soulmate status for nearly a month now. They were close and held hands or leaned into each other but were never more intimate than that…and he wanted to be.
Tony gently grasped his outstretched hand, taking comfort from Steve’s touch, and whispered solemnly to Steve, “If I don’t, I’ll die within the next few minutes…I need it to survive.”
Natasha opened the first door and turned to Bruce, saying, “Follow my lead and, if you feel an inkling of the Hulk, let me know.”
Steve got to his feet and stepped past the Red Skull to Bucky and Tony. His gaze irrevocably fell on his soulmate.
“Yeah,” Peter replied, feeling bad for having worried them. “That’s fine.”
Fury dodged the blast from his repulsor and whipped out a large gun out of his trench coat and just as quickly shot Tony. The EMP he fired at Tony hit him in the gut and the Iron Man suit collapsed like a sack of potatoes.
Tony still hadn’t answered Steve and his super soldier was beginning to appear more concerned. This all happened because Tony decided to take Steve as his lover and save both Steve and Bucky’s lives.
it was going to be.
He could use it to make the new element for Tony’s reactor.
, sir.”
Wade leaned back, smiling fondly at him and repeated, “
His target was not gifting him with an easy kill but a riddle. Why would she want him to remember these things?
“My second favorite creature, right after unicorns,” Wade murmured with a nod.
“Peter!?”
“There you go,” Steve said. “Half my job is telling you guys what to do anyways…Go Tony. If whatever is happening in Florida warrants a call to the Avengers then they are going to need your help.”
Frowning at his AI, Tony commanded, “Play it.”
“…Who the hell is Tony?”
Tony smirked and drew his shirt over his head with a quick snap. Tony asked, “Did you just correct my language?”
[ASS <3!!!!]
James sat up sharply and the breath froze in his throat. Natasha looked at him with a pinched brow, not understanding.
have that time to reflect.
He felt spent but still managed to crawl next to his soulmate and let Steve put him into his chest and spoon him. Tony rested his head on Steve’s bicep and closed his eyes for just a second.
Peter’s face sunk with his mood change and then he sunk into Wade’s arms. Wade worriedly looked down at his boyfriend and wondered what was going through his mind. Peter had adamantly steered away from any conversation about last night all morning.
“You could help!” Tony whined to the other man.
“Ten minutes,” Tony countered.
Sensations from the bed beneath him and the cool breeze from the window made his skin pimple.
Steve smothered a nervous chuckle, Tony was never one to beat around the bush. Steve bent his head and kissed the shorter man. His hot mouth greedily pressed into Steve’s and Steve relaxed into his hold.
When Jarvis suggested he tell Steve, the guilt doubled. With this shame, he was going to have two reasons to drink soon.
Cable ripped the photo from his hand and squinted at the photo. He lowered the photo and, in a measured, seething voice, hissed, “What did you do?”
“Cause you are a big boy,” Steve whispered as he crossed the living room to the kitchen. “What do you want, Peter?”
It was the first time he’d verbally said it, the first time he’d actually ever meant it. In his own mind, when the thought occurred, he ignored it or denied it out of fear. However, now there was a happy, bubbly feeling growing in his chest.
And, if he paused, he would hear their whispers again. He could never make out what they were saying but he knew it was about him. It made him feel self-conscious and anxious.
Steve leaned closer to him and whispered, “Truthfully…I’ve been wanting to ask you out for a while…I just didn’t know how to broach it. So real couple…if you don’t mind?”
Tony had, had an exhausting day so he was quickly breathing softly and would soon be asleep. Steve pressed another kiss into his scalp and wordlessly mouthed the sentiment into Tony’s hair. He held him tightly to his chest and he wondered how much longer he could do this.
Steve sat up and grumbled, “That’s different. You choose your theme song
Tony sighed, “So much for morning sex…”
“Don’t make my mistake, Cap,” she stated, finally raising her gaze to his. Maybe it was thanks to the Asgardian liquor, but Steve was able to see pain in her usually stoic face.
He felt half delusional with pain but he forced himself to focus on the chip. If he didn't put it in then he, Steve, and a lot of innocent people were going to die.
Thinking it was a glitch with the hardware, Peter said, “Friday, turn on my computer for me.”
Steve wasn’t entirely convinced but he needed to speak to Peggy. He murmured, “Peggy…You should sit down…”
Tony turned to him with a stricken expression and gasped, “But we just –!?”
It took Peter a few seconds to process the symbiote’s words and, as he realized his friend’s betrayal, the treachery gripped his heart in a tight vice. Peter renewed his struggles but it was with a constant pain in his chest.
Tony sighed and said, “No…It’s like he was never there…”
Steve’s hands roamed freely over his soulmate’s body, learning the new territory he’d never touched before and also learning what made Tony’s breath hitch just right. His fingers dug deep into the muscles of his thighs but also teased the gentlest of touches just above his groin.
,” Steve sighed and Tony chuckled again.
friend were put through a traumatizing experience. The ‘perp walk’ was unnecessary and degrading. Your superiors will certainly be hearing about it.”
“The mission a success?”
Tony internally groaned – that look in his eyes – Steve was pissed. Tony fucked up. He shouldn’t have done that! Why did he do that?! The last few days had been going so good! Tony was hiding his attraction well!
“Y-You said I can save people? I can be a superhero?”
Unfortunately, the technology of Howard’s era was not advanced enough to keep up with his formulas. He started to sketch out ideas for an arc reactor, but he knew his son would be the one to actually see it built. He did what he could for Tony. He wrote out all of the formulas, sketched out mock ideas on using the reactor to create the element but…in the end, he had to wait for his son to invent it. He removed the pages from the notebook and gave them to Peggy for safekeeping. She swore they’d be safe with her and she would store them in older personal vault at SHIELD until they were needed.
Natasha nodded and held up her drink, dryly saying, “Cheers. To soulmates with baggage.”
Tony’s smirk widened into an all-encompassing grin. He sat next to Steve on the floor, pausing to lightly kiss Steve’s forehead, and then looked over the toys in their hands. He asked, “What are we playing?”
Ohhhh yes.
Tony glanced down at Steve’s boxers and realized his fiancé had worn the joke, American flag boxers Tony had bought him today.
Steve glance around the hospital room and everything came crashing back to him.
“I can see where he’s coming from,” Tony murmured.
“I refuse to believe it!” Steve hissed.
”You love me?” Tony pressed, cupping his jaw. “You’ve said it before but...” Tony’s eyes searched his and then he whispered, “This is different, isn’t it?”
At that moment, Peter decided he would do all that was in his power to make Wade feel just as prized…because that was what Wade was becoming to him, something precious.
“No,” Tony said and shook his head. “You know I don’t like to take things to help me sleep. They always make me groggy for too long.”
Tony was holding Peter again and stared blankly at the ceiling. When he comprehended Jarvis’s words, he gasped, “WHAT?”
Tony sighed and murmured, “More time travel stuff from before Thanos…don’t worry about it, Brucie.”
in this Tower!”
“Hashtag tacos,” Wade suggested.
Bucky replied by launching himself at Natasha’s torso. His head hit her in the gut and threw her to the ground. Natasha wrapped her arms around his neck then pushed both her legs beneath her and pushed them over so Bucky was the one laying on the ground not her. Natasha drew back her leg as far as she could and forcefully kneed him in the gut again.
He sat on a chair beside the bed as to not disturb him and, once Dum Dum closed the door behind him, Steve let himself slump under the mass of his emotions. Telling Peggy about his death, Tony’s flagging health, and Bucky’s own demise all weighed heavily on him. He still couldn’t believe Bucky was gone. Sometimes he half expected him to barge into the room and demand Steve take care of himself.
Steve looked over his shoulder one last time and saw Tony was being put on a stretcher. He watched his husband until he was taken away then turned back to Venom.
“Ugh, Fury’s boy band,” Tony groaned as he finally remembered where he’d heard that term before. “I actually joined them in this timeline??”
He only puzzled over the light for a few seconds because, in those few seconds, he was able to realize the warm body next to him was not Peter’s small form.
They were home.
He was in a frigidly cold room and had been stripped naked so had no protection from the icy air or floor. He curled into a ball and willed warmth into his limbs as he trembled violently.
Steve gently disentangled Bucky from his side and laid him down on the couch.
Tony happily flushed as his emotions surged up into his chest in a fluttering cloud of warmth and excitement. The old hopes and dreams he had smothered and pretended were not there resurfaced. At that moment, he knew he and Steve could do it. They could be happy and fall in love. He was no longer alone…and he’d never be alone again.
Tony blasted away before Steve could retort.
He could feel Venom in his mind, listening to his thoughts. Peter’s thoughts eventually dwindled and turned inward to focus on Venom. The symbiote was waiting for him and when he had Peter’s attention, murmured, “You wanted to save people like your sire. We can do that.”
Father Michael lived in the back of the church and he had Steve take a shower in his bathroom while he got him some clean clothes out of the donation box. The hot water felt great against Steve’s skin and for the first few minutes of his shower he just simply stood in the water absorbing the heat.
“Everything is fine now,” Steve said before Tony could annoy the director anymore. “We’ll give you a full report later…It’s been a long few weeks for me and I just really need to spend some time with my fiancé,” Steve said the last bit with so much sincerity that Tony, squeezed his hand a little tighter.
cut off his arm.
Tony completed him. He made him glad to be alive and felt encouraged to experience more from life.
“Due to his erratic behavior, Mr. Solo will most likely be placed under psychiatric observation for the next 72 hours before he is charged officially,” Jarvis stated and Rogers’ face fell.
Steve cupped his face and promised, “I’m here. I’m never going to leave you again…neither of you.”
They laughed and Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist and closed his eyes. It was going to take at least an hour to get back to Sam’s with the traffic. They had a lot of planning to do to foil Hydra’s plans but…in that one hour Tony decided he was going to take a chance to relax in the arms of the man he loved and take comfort in the fact that, for the first time in his life, he was going to be happy.
Venom slid several tendrils across Steve’s throat and smothered his voice, leaving unable to tell Peter to run himself. His head was violently jerked back and Tony’s eyes snapped back to him and opened widely with alarm.
Tony push Steve’s legs off his shoulders and Steve wrapped them around his torso, digging his heels into Tony’s ass. Still thrusting, Tony leaned over him and did as Steve asked, kissing him. His tongue speared itself into Steve’s mouth and Steve greedily sucked on it to keep it in. Tony obliged with a moan. He kept his hands on Steve’s ass, pulling him up to meet his every thrust. Tony’s tongue began to mimic his cock’s thrusts, plunging in and out of his mouth.
“I learned about your safe word in high school history class so Russian isn’t needed and did we already forget the genius card where Peter is concerned?” Tony retorted sarcastically and Steve took it as his cue to step in.
It must’ve shown in his face because Bucky rounded the counter and put the sandwich between them. He ripped it in two like they used to to way back when in Brooklyn, giving Steve the larger half.
“Then why are you staring so much at my best friend?”
Every time he closed his eyes, he imagined Tony as his
The President sat in his office, looking over documentation laid out for him by his secretary and Steve took his position behind him. He kept his eyes on the door, the only exit, and watched it as he was trained to do by SHIELD. One of the secret service agents came in with more paperwork and sat across from the President. They started going over the documents, something about a possible trade embargo. Steve droned them out after a while.
It hadn’t been a dream.
Steve didn’t take his eyes off him as he approached but started to he pull off his clothing, slowly, as if he was afraid to startle Tony. Little did Steve know, it would not be him doing the pouncing, but Tony.
Despite his high emotions, Steve’s heartbeat was steady as he stalked toward the lab. Compared to the Goblin, the Chameleon would be no match for Steve.
Steve did not reply though the man’s words did ring true. He was tempted to hide the implant from Schmidt but did not, to keep him from manipulating him any further.
But the pain never came.
“Steve is making risotto tonight and wants you to come over for dinner. Your aunt is welcome too,” Tony added, thinking of May.
!” Gibbons gasped as Sneaky stepped out of the tree line, seemingly from out of the very darkness of the shadows. He jumped to his feet and dislodged Steve’s hand from his shoulder.
“So what are you going to do with him?” Tony asked.
“How come you never told us? Told me?” Steve asked. He sat down heavily on one of the remaining barstools at the counter. His healing fractured legs could not no longer support him but he was so shocked by this new development he would not have been able to stand as it was.
“Your turn,” Tony teased.
“Too much?” Wade murmured, leaning back.
“How did you know I was here?” Steve asked, his voice so low it could have been a whisper. His eyes flicked around Tony’s body, taking in his injuries as an excuse to not have to meet his eyes. He felt guilty when their eyes stayed connected for too long.
Wade gather Peter's hands together and then brought them up to his mouth to kiss them. He revealed in an earnest whisper, “I'd rather lose my life than lose you.”
Steve’s heart convulsed slightly from the rendition. Yes, whenever that happened he did crave a person to call his own...
“Yes, sir,” he murmured and handed the phone back to Coulson.
Tony nodded to Eddie as he slipped past him and then he waited until the door closed behind the intern to he direct his gaze back to Peter.
They sat down together on a bench and leaned back into the table. Tony chuckled at Steve’s comment and took a sip of the beer. He leaned his head more heavily on one arm that just so happened to bring him closer to Steve and he discreetly looked at him as he drank.
“Son, your boyfriend is ogling my boyfriend,” Tony said on Steve’s behalf.
Peter grinned, liking that he was able to make this larger, stronger man, quake with a simple noise. He hummed noncommittedly and turned his head, recapturing Wade’s lips. And, because he liked to tease Wade, he let off a tiny moan of pleasure for victoriously reclaiming Wade’s mouth.
Her trembling stopped and then she punched Schmidt again. Steve winced but Natasha spun on her heel and left Schmidt hanging uselessly in Hulk’s arms. She returned to Thor’s side and lightly touched Barnes’ head. Tony’s fists tingled and he wanted to get a shot in but Steve squeezed his side. One look at his soulmate and Tony knew he wouldn’t leave his side or he’d fall without his aide.
Jarvis had yet to reply with an update so he questioned, “J?”
It was the first night they went to bed together…Not that they immediately went to bed. They had a lot of firsts to celebrate after all.
Steve head snapped up sharply when the mug cracked on the floor.
Past employers came forward and also testified to Tyler’s imbalances.
“How are you? Do you need any more pain meds?”
blood,
Steve’s brows pinched together and he whispered, “
“Roger, Cap,” Tony retorted and they flew down.
“Your father made this especially for you, Peter,” the dark haired woman continued. She carefully removed the cap to the cylinder and whispered, “He wanted you to reach your full potential…”
He had to admit, he loved Tony but hated how he did not take care of himself. He always put his projects or others before the morality of his body and one day, if Steve was not keeping an eye on him, he was really going to hurt himself. Steve knew he could not ask Tony to stop, it was too ingrained in his personality to do so, but he hoped he would one day he would see that Steve wanted him safe and healthy and he would make an effort to do so. Steve was already seeing changes. Tony slept with him regularly every night and always ate when he did. He no longer had bags under his eyes and looked generally healthier.
His being added to the mechanics’ division also went swimmingly. Panzer, the guy in charge of mechanics, took him in with no questions. Once he realized Tony wasn’t half bad with the more technical stuff, he got to help with more interactant machines.
DUN DUN DUN
“T-Tony?” He gasped, resurfacing in the present with a jolt. For a few seconds, he was back in the crashed plane and drowning in the cold.
“Hey! Web-head! You sightseeing or fighting!?” Tony yelled over the intercom. Below him, he suddenly saw a blur of red and blue as Spider-Man hit one of the bots they were fighting. With a well-placed punch from his son, the robot’s head exploded and he dropped the inert machinery.
“Mmm hmm,” Steve hummed in agreement, pulling Tony closer.
Tony looked down at her and gasped, “
The SHIELD facility was on private property with gates and guards to keep the public out so there were no reporters to barrage him with millions of questions when he stepped outside. He thought he was going to call a cab but he was surprised to see Happy sitting in the same Bentley he had dropped them off in yesterday.
Tony wouldn’t have been able to tell how much time had passed if it weren’t for the all the technology around them. They never dressed and when they were awake it was spent either eating or fucking…or both.
Tony was so excited that he had to bite down on his lip to keep himself from saying something about it to Panzer.
His mouth moved from Steve's and started kissing his neck while his hands ran down Steve's sides and finally landed on his pecs. Tony's thumbs brushed over his nipples and Steve hissed sharply.
“Oh Captain, my Captain!”
Steve’s mortification stooped to new heights and he felt his flush return, burning hotter than before. If they watched the video from his room…what if they saw him –
Bucky sat down heavily onto the bed and Steve and Tony positioned themselves in front of him. Steve and Bucky exchanged meaningful looks but did not reply. Tony pressed, “C’mon, I heard what you two said, I wasn’t born yesterday. In fact, technically, I haven’t been born yet.”
,” Peter half groaned, half laughed.
He sighed heavily and murmured, “You’re sounding like my wife now…” He went back to his desk and sat down heavily. He rubbed his eyes and asked, “Is it really that obvious?”
It was like a bucket of cold water rushed over him.
Wade pressed kiss after kiss on the side of his head and Peter leaned back into his boyfriend and, in a serious voice stated to the merc, “
“Pep, take a seat and drink some coffee. We’ve got quite the story to tell you,” Tony stated as he clapped her shoulder. He smiled at Steve with his eyes dancing and Steve could not help but return the smile.
Steve bit down on his lip, not knowing how to answer. He wanted to not lie to him. He wanted only to ever tell the truth to Tony but…the truth would hurt.
He was assuming it was either a neighbor, a solicitor, or a preacher at his door so, when he looked through the peephole in his door, he was slightly surprised. Outside stood two men in dark shades and baseball caps.
Peter felt like Eddie just dumped a bucket of ice water over his head and almost dropped his phone.
Tony suddenly encased Peter in a tight hug, knocking the words and breath right out of him. Peter tensed in his hold and started to shake as he became overcome by emotion.
The next instant, the familiar sound of an explosion blasted over the speaker of his phone, so loud, that if Tony screamed, Steve would not have been able to hear it.
But, Peter and Steve…
The first time Steve had uttered those words to him, Tony felt scared and had pushed Steve away. Now it made him undeniably happy and feel secure about his place in the world. Steve truly loved him. All of him. Tony and Iron Man. How could he be so lucky?
Peter landed gracefully where Natasha had been standing a moment before and Natasha fell onto the mats with a heavy thunk.
Thanks for reading! :)
Tony scrabbled back, clutching the back of his head, and saw the car two down from his was on fire. He bumped into Peggy as he stepped back and saw she had already drawn her pistol.
“My locker,” Tony breathlessly replied.
“It just happened!” Peter retorted and MJ hit him again.
His nurses left without a fuss and Tony clutched his wheelchair arms tightly, preparing himself for the worst. Bruce came up behind him and grasped his shoulder. Tony leaned into his touch, thankful for his friend’s support.
Why was this effecting him so?
“The letter is just another step, like with the flowers,” Steve murmured, ignoring Tony.
“Stark being an ass,” Clint retorted.
SHIELD considered him for their initiative but deemed him unfit. In response, Tony hacked their network and decided to be as “reckless” as they categorized him with the information he gained. The eventual outcome was Tony going to India and befriending Dr. Bruce Banner and bringing him to New York.
Steve ground his hips into Tony's and he groaned into those delicious pink lips.
“…Well, first I wouldn’t go around yelling about it,” Happy stated from the front of the car.
“Well, sorry for the surprise visit, Steve…I…I was just in the area and poked my head in. I should probably go before Pep calls the authorities. I’ll see you later. It was nice to meet you, Sam,” Tony said, his voice was noticeably neutral but he could not help it. He feared the emotions that may show if he used any inflections in his voice.
Steve glanced down at Tony’s bleeding hip. The first thing he wanted to do was get it properly taken care of.
“Aunt Peggy,” Tony said, grabbing her attention. Steve relaxed immensely at the sound of his voice. “You didn’t think the Iron Man suit was empty, did you?”
“It’s a new player,” Coulson replied. “He has advanced technology. He came in on a flyer, had bombs, and transmitted a blocker that messed with our systems. We were unable to get video of him or pinpoint his location until he blew something up.”
She continued to murmur names as their carded fingers moved and caressed one another. The strange feeling returned but he embraced it and was finally able to label what was growing in his heart: love.
“But he doesn’t, does he?” Tony countered and Steve bit his lip.
Steve sighed heavily then enfolded him in his arms. Peter did not fight the embrace and Steve placed the side of his face on top of Peter’s head as he murmured, “It is not fair, I know, and I wish I could give you the childhood I had…”
“It is! I’m sorry! I was only trying to help!” Wade squeaked franticly, misinterpreting his exclamation.
For the first time, in a long time, Steve felt safe. He was one step closer to getting home and was surrounded by his countrymen.
This experiment was going to change
Tony winked at the super solider and Steve smiled warmly at him as he stood up. Tony smirked coyly at his lover once last time before slipping away into the darkness.
Thor realized Tony was in danger. He threw his hammer at him. “Tony! Use Mjolnir!”
Steve was playing with baby Bucky and Tony. He was halfway tickling both their bellies when Bruce called him away. Now, Linda took over. She was just watching them, interfering only at times. Bucky usually became extra mischievous once Steve went out of his sight. He and Natasha were always throwing their toys around, and at each other. They whacked each other in the process, but it was light-hearted. If they got bored of that, they went to their coloring books. But even that usually ends up becoming a brawl.
I hope you guys are doing fine. Thank you for all your support so far! It's over 20 chapters; you guys came a long way! :)
Tony let out a shudder. He took in deep breath before asking, “yeah?”
It was glowing, with energy sparks flying out, and Thor could hear the sound of thunder. The next thing he knows, Mjolnir took flight, and smashed his door and flew right away.
Tony nodded his head, trying to believe that Steve had just complimented him.
“I guess so,” Tony replied.
“You still trust him?” Bruce asked, frowning.
“And then my ma died. And I was all alone, Tony,” Steve continued. “But Bucky was there and bless his soul, he made sure I wasn’t bullied again. By high school I had buffed up slightly. But… but… some wounds just can’t heal.”
“Knock them out everyone!” Steve ordered.
“You feel nothing, kid,” Ben pursed his lips.
“Now, where do you think Master Stark went to?” Jarvis asked.
Steve didn’t trust his voice. He nodded his head and smiled at Tony.
“Yeah,” Jessica nodded. “Want to join?”
He walked to where the boy was and placed both his hands on the table. He stood near Tony. “You’re a smart kid, Tony. You’ll figure this out. Also, all the best reaching here in a few more years.”
“Really? You’re not going there? I thought Tony was kidding,” Rhodey said. “Captain America not being there just feels wrong, Steve.”
“Yeah I know,” Tony said, smirking because his tactics were obviously working. “But this rainbow cake is good. I bet your pie and the other stuff here are excellent. Plus, the price is so reasonable!”
Natasha scoffed, shaking her head. Behind her, the Hulk growled while Thor’s grip on Mjolnir tightened.
“Shit goes down,” Clint muttered. “Sam?”
“Okay okay!” Tony shouted. “No, no way am I okay! Life sucks, everything sucks, I ruined everything!”
“Alright, here’s the plan,” Coulson raised his voice slightly to get all their attention. “Cap, you lead the team. Tony, Thor and the Hulk will be our reinforcements. The rest of you-”
etched on them.
Once inside the limousine, Natasha kicked out her heels. There were blisters formed on the back of her feet. Clint offered to massage her legs, and forcefully pulled them to him when she politely refused. Bruce was feeling a little tipsy; he had a tad too much of wine. He placed his head on Thor’s shoulder and rested, hiccuping at random times. Thor simply sat back, and made sure Bruce was feeling fine. He was also watching what Steve and Tony were up to. Which was nothing much. The two of them were looking out of the window, and Tony was snuggled cozily onto Steve.
With that, the others walked out of Bruce’s lab, knowing he preferred to work in private. Tony looked at his Captain one last time, and once he disappeared inside the elevator, Tony sighed. He was really going to miss his adult self's friends and Steve.
“Yeah. Those who are worthy,” Clint replied. Jessica raised an eyebrow at that.
Steve nodded. The baby let out a soft burp. Baby Tony was wide awake. He was fiddling with Steve’s shirt. Just then, Bruce’s phone rang. It was more of an alarm ringing.
He dashed back to the house. On his way up the stairs, he saw Kayla running up from the basement with Linda. Steve rushed up, his adrenaline pumping. He tripped on the stair on the way to the third level.
Wanda looked pale. She was slowly regaining her composure. “They are fine. But… but they’re all babies.”
“Fuck!” Tony screamed when the roller coaster turned.
“Alright, we’ll gather here again tomorrow morning then.” Steve was going to the basement stairs.
“Thor, you know what you’re doing right?” Steve turned to him and asked. His eyes were watery.
was?” Tony directed this question towards Kayla. Steve gasped slightly.  “He was ea-“
“The love of your life did and you were out for only fifteen minutes,” Bruce said. “What do you remember though, Tony?”
Natasha didn’t need further details. “Clint, when the first thud was heard, why do you think I walked into the closet and stayed here?”
“You could have told us about your dad’s words. And to me about Peggy!” Steve pointed out.
Rhodey and Tony talk to each other and Steve is being a protective cuddly bear! Also, there's a new wing added to the hostel!
That would be the last thing de-aged Tony would hear before being reverted back to his adult-self.
“No!” Wanda shrieked. Bruce went to console her.
“Congrats!” she laughed while taking away the empty plate and cups. “Victory feast is below.”
“Friday, lights down,” Tony ordered.
“Did we… did we come here at the wrong time?” Linda asked.
“Boss, you alright?” Happy turned behind and asked. He looked very concerned.
Tony knocked on his father’s office door, three times. He opened it slowly after he heard his dad telling him to come in.
“Ha ha so funny Nat,” Clint rolled his eyes.
The other two-thirds of it had gym equipment. There was a beam holding a punching bag. There were 3 other bags neatly lined up. Beside the extra bags was a treadmill and an exercise bike. There was also a shelf near the stairs. It had boxing gloves, a few chest expanders, ankle and wrist weights, and six pairs of hand grips. On the corner of the room, there were eight pairs of dumbbells.
“Jarvis!” Tony shouted in glee.
“How dare you!” Howard snarled. “I was trying to protect you! The media are like vultures and they need a prey to rip apart, so that they can survive. You make a very easy target, especially after that little mess you made by nearly crashing your car, drunk!”
He drew out a very sharp and thick ice weapon and without hesitating, stabbed Thor from the back. Thor woke up with a jolt, but immediately groaned in pain. The leader pushed the ice further in.
“You suck without your bow!” one of the men shouted at Clint.
Steve dropped his apple pie onto his plate and ran out of the cafe, laughing hard. Tony grinned at the cashier, before turning behind to look at Steve, who was doubled over with laughter. Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head. He was picking on his rainbow cake while giving Steve the time to recover from that laugh attack he just had.
Tony didn’t understand what Bruce had meant. Until the elevator doors opened to Steve’s level. When he saw the debris, he nearly screamed. He walked out, looking up at the ceiling, which had a massive hole. A few Damage Control employees were still lingering around. When they saw Tony, they smiled at him.
“About damn time,” Natasha remarked when she saw that. “Can’t wait to tell Pepper this worked.”
“Anyone knows a good joke?” he asked.
Tony hugged Steve, and placed his head on his chest. Steve curled his arms around Tony. They sat there in silence, living in the moment and appreciating each other’s presence. They both then closed their eyes, feeling at absolute peace.
“Alright, I’m gonna examine some stuff,” Tony said. He took the tablet and started swiping around the screens.
“You two should do a warm-up,” Bruce suggested.
Steve pulled Tony closer to him and hugged him.
The Frost Giant started to run towards Tony. He was also activating the stone. Tony started to run too.
Steve turned to look at Jarvis, with more tears gathering in his eyes. “Jarvis,” he said softly. “I promise you that I’ll take good care of Tony, that even you’ll get jealous.”
“I’m gonna fuck you so hard tonight,” Steve whispered hotly into Tony’s ear after breaking the kiss. “Do you have any idea… how hot you looked and what you were doing to me the whole night?” Steve was panting.
“I think I have an idea,” Tony piped up. “I think you need to juice it up. Like, since the stone softening helped with the portal closing, I think to close it the soft stone has to get into contact with the portal.”
Natasha wanted to giggle. She made attempts, which made milk splatter around her cheeks. Tony took away the bottle, which was a mistake because she simply spat out more milk, all over Tony. She let out a loud scream-giggle and clapped her hands.
With that, he walked off with his bowl of baked rice to join Clint and Natasha who were sitting at the couch, shaking their heads.
“Cap, Iron Man online!” Tony informed him.
“It’s Linda’s. And I’m about to watch the videos of me and the others when we were de-aged,” Tony whispered back.
“We’re gonna go racing,” Tony tossed both the car keys up and caught it. “I’m driving the black beauty. Who wants the gorgeous silver?”
They were just about to kiss when Tony felt the wind beat against him, hard. His focus went to the people who were standing around him. All of them were looking up. The sky was so blue, why was the place darkening like it was gonna rain? Tony instinctively looked up, so did Steve.
After a click, the General started to speak. The volume was loud. “So, I heard you came back from the medical in one piece? Whatever. Your friends are still here and they’re still not authori-”
“Mr. Stark!” Spiderman called excitedly. “Glad to see you here!”
“I uh, I made you an arm,” Tony said. He was smiling sheepishly.
Tony gave Clint’s shoulder a squeeze, before both of them entered the kitchen, which was suddenly filled with noise.
Tony and Steve go for a little date, and Tony decides to help a friend out. Plus, Tony starts his first acting lesson with Thor!!
“Clint, I hope you know how great of a friend you are.” He gave him a kiss and placed him on the cot.
Tony, who was still frowning at the thumbprint access pad, turned to look at Steve with his eyes wide open. If all these weren’t a prank, if Jarvis was still existing then Steve’s words made sense but...  where were they then?
Perhaps he should call her and tell her that he was a no show?
“Thanks, Scott,” Tony grinned.
“I know a short cut,” Tony smiled. He slowed down to make a U-turn, much to the frustration of Clint. He then went on the opposite lane and made a right turn. “Quit pouting Clint, we’ll be reaching there first.”
“Leave?!” Clint’s eyebrows shot up. “Leave us alone in this place which we’re so unfamiliar with?”
Tony was about to fly in, following Steve’s order, when Friday relayed a dangerous news.
Thank you for the kudos and the comment. I hope to be posting more of this!
“Don’t you touch him. Especially with us here,” Steve said, with a low growl.
Hi everyone! Sorry for my long long absence. I've been very busy with school. Sadly, I can't update the story on a weekly basis, but I will update it when I get the time to do so. I'm sorry about that, guys, I'm really busy.
“Welcome, Mr. Stark,” the receptionist smiled at him. “Here on a weekend?”
“Goodbye Mr. Stark, and everyone,” Peter grinned before skipping down the hallway to the elevator.
“Wow, I’m so tired,” Tony mumbled.
This time, some parts of the armor ripped right out of Tony’s body. The metal pieces flew back clumsily. Both his gauntlets and his helmet plus faceplate was gone. The armor was intact at his torso and leg areas. Which meant, his arc reactor was still functioning.
“I think I need the toilet!!” Thor screamed, looking around him.
Sam landed beside Steve. “We need more firepower.” Steve told him. “Do you think you can make a trip back to the Tower for more of these?” he pointed at the flamethrowers.
“It’s okay, young man.” Steve lightly pinched his soft, big cheeks. Tony cackled loudly at that.
“Okay, then in that case, I don’t think Obi is doing anything illegal,” Tony said firmly. “And my dad might just be paranoid.”
“That’s common,” little Tony shrugged, still hanging on to Natasha. “Dad dealt with the press. I always saw them outside my house, or even Stark International. Speaking of which, how’s dad’s company?”
When Tony shut the door and changed into his PJs, Steve was already asleep. And Tony let out a chuckle when he heard Steve snore.
Gosh he was such a fine man with a heart of gold. He was everything Tony thought he'd never have, yet here they were, sitting at the Brooklyn Bridge Park at 11 in the morning.
Clint let out a snort while bringing his plate to the sink.  Soon, everyone was done with their breakfast and were crowding around the sink. Tony was leaning against the kitchen counter, and was watching his friends trying to get the dishes done.
They were now hovering 270 feet above the ground, a height that would make any person dizzy but not Strucker and definitely not Tony.
He made sure people were leaving the eatery. It was all panic outside, with people running and screaming. Two mothers accidentally crashed their strollers on each other, which made the toddlers in it scream.
Will the 6 of them be okay? :(
But Tony knew he had to keep a straight face in front of the others at the gym. He could hear Sam and Wanda asking Steve to talk to him and leaving.
Johnny stopped firing. He flew back to where the others were standing.
Bruce shrugged. “He belongs here.”
“I didn’t have time, Cap!” Tony stood up, ready to argue. Well, in Tony’s defence, what he said wasn’t exactly untrue.
They had already cleared the customs. It was a bit of a challenge when they were picking up their luggage. Clint spotted his on the conveyor belt. He tried to pull it but because he was so tired, it didn’t budge. Thor ran around the conveyor belt, and managed to pull the luggage down. Tony and Natasha were laughing at the scene of a big blonde running around the belt. The other passengers were chuckling. But Thor didn’t seem to notice that. He was glad he managed to get the luggage, meaning, he emerged victorious in the battle of the luggage and himself.
“Thor I got the prize!” Tony informed him. “The leader and his assistant are in the alley. Go get them guys!”
He forgot about his surroundings for one second and ran towards his butler. He wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly. There was tears in the corner of Jarvis’ eyes. He was squeezing Tony and both of them couldn’t let go of one another.
“YIIKKES!!” Janet squealed. She lifted her foot up and held it, bouncing around in pain. She was wearing open toe flats, which revealed her skin turning red.
“Do the machines work?” Tony asked pointing at the treadmill.
“Well, it just came out of my mouth at that instant!” Steve tried to manage.
“I fought with Captain America?” Tony asked them both, still looking shocked.
“Thor needs to start to coach you,” Jane let out a chuckle. “No, in all seriousness, I’m a medical student and I know exactly what to do.”
Before the Doctor could adjust the Cloak, it enveloped itself around Clint and Tony. The Doctor sighed as he was dragged back down and nearly fell. Whatever superhero moment he had, was long gone.
Tony literally runs away from Steve, to avoid having to deal with his feelings, despite his teammates and friends telling him otherwise. While Strucker plans to make one last move from the Helicarrier. Will Tony and Steve get honest with each other before Strucker creates trouble again?
And that was how Steve found himself running after a hyperactive little Tony down the hallway. Both of them collided onto Thor, who proudly declared he had found Tony. The three of them walked to Tony’s lab together, with Thor piggybacking an excited Tony.
Happy walked in with a box full of, things, right after Tony had asked that.
“No,” Daredevil firmly said. “No, he didn’t. I still can hear his heartbeat. But it’s faint. He needs medical attention soon.”
“I uh, I felt bad about your arm. So I decided to make you one. I didn’t know if Panther was making one for you using Vibranium. I thought I could try because I felt bad. It was a mistake,” Tony said softly. He was looking at the floor. “Sorry uh, that was… I hope you like it. It was a project I created pretty quickly.”
Every person standing there could feel the sudden shift in the atmosphere.
“No!” Tony pointed at Thor. But nothing stopped him from giving Tony a tight hug.
Tony was looking around, trying to remember how he even got to this place. Once he was awake, pain took over. He moved away from Steve. “Ouch, did you bash me up?” He was glaring at Steve with a small pout.
“Is there a chance your brother Loki is joining Grand U?” Tony asked.
“There they are!” Kayla said. Happy placed the box in front of the two girls. He smiled at them and went to stand beside the couch. “Alright. This giant brown bird doll, which Clint was fond of. This little baby bear doll, which was Natasha’s favorite.”
But after a few seconds, his lips curved into a smile. He was mirroring Steve’s expression and when Steve realized this, his heart melted. Steve wasn’t aware of the tears that formed in his eyes.
It was a miracle that the 6 of them found a bench to sit on and eat their Mexican food. Clint and Thor volunteered to sit on the ground, while Natasha, Bruce, Steve and Tony shared the bench, leaving a little space in the middle so that they could place their food and eat it. Tony was enjoying the sound of the waves rolling by as it was giving him a slight amount of calm. A flock of seagulls flew by, and Thor shielded the food, much to the amusement of Natasha and Bruce.
Tony quickly wore his blazer and moved on to his pants. He managed to wiggle into them. He hopped into the elevator and was trying to button up his pants. As he was rushing, Tony couldn’t button up properly. He decided to pull his stomach in and breathed in deeply. The button managed to go through the hole and Tony groaned as he adjusted the zip.
“He used the Avengers Communicard tracker SHIELD has,” Fury shrugged, looking away.
Just then, Steve walked to where Sam was seated. He saw what Bruce was holding and was just staring at him in shock. He raised his eyebrows.
“Ah, you’re welcome,” Thor nudged at Clint, and Clint nearly choked on the bite of French toast he took. He really hadn’t expected Thor to have been the one to make the coffee.
