This of course, was bull. Dean wasn’t sexually attracted to an infant Castiel, and he certainly had never had
“Didn’t take as long as I thought.” he grinned. Gabriel walked over and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
Finally Dean pulled away to breathe. He smiled down at Cas, a little embarrassed to have done that in front of their brothers.
Andrew went over to the altar and started setting up candles. Dean retrieved the vial of blood he had collected from Casmiria and gave it to the man. Castiel was sent to retrieve a few items that Andrew couldn’t find around the cabin, and soon enough, the spell was ready. Andrew stood over the altar and said a few words in Latin.
They were both silent as they climbed into the bed, with Castiel by the wall and Dean on the other side out of habit. Castiel was right, there had been many nights after the first time they’d woken up next to each other, mostly in beds or on couches, though they had been on the floor a time or two, and once, after a memorable party at Ash’s, on a pool table.
“I did not.” Sam cut the archangel off as he stepped out of the bathroom. Gabriel grinned as Sam rolled his eyes at him. Dean cleared his throat.
Dean lost it. He let go of the chair, his hands shooting out to grip the sinful hips in front of him and his own coming up, chasing the pleasure of Jimmy’s ass. In the next moment, Jimmy was gone, out of his lap and standing in front of him, still rocking to the song. The wink the stripper sent his way told him everything.
Dean watched her make her rounds, but soon the song was over and Meg was picking up any stray bills (and her clothes) and making her way off the stage as Gabriel was coming onto it. He kissed her hand before turning to address the audience.
“I’m fine, Dean.” he said, and then suddenly the hunter’s lips were on his. The kiss was brief and chaste, more of a reminder that they were both still alive than anything. Dean broke away and wrapped his arms around him, holding him close. Castiel returned the hug with one arm, the other still propping him up.
“Looks like you’re gonna have to lay down with him, Dean-o.” Gabriel said. Dean rolled his eyes, kicked of his boots and touched Cas.
"So I'm thinking we hit up some fast food joint and go park." Dean suggested, reaching over to put a hand on Castiel's thigh. Castiel took his hand, lacing their fingers together.
“Don’t worry about it.” He shot Sam a look that said ‘if you ever mention this to anyone I’ll rip your lungs out.’ Sam just smiled. (If Dean had to guess, he would have said it was a
Before he’s aware of moving, he’s across the room and ripping Gabriel out of Casmiria’s arms and pushing her backwards into the wall. The resulting snap is almost sickening, but she slumps to the ground. Castiel heard Sam come up behind him and without a word passes the archangel over, stalking up to Casmiria to finish what he started.
“Have I told you recently that I don’t deserve you?” he asked, the words muffled by the angel’s trench coat. Cas tilted his head, smiling.
“Cassie! Dean-o! Nice of you to join us.” Gabriel said. He was in some of the clothes they had bought him yesterday. He was perched on Sam’s lap, playing absently with a string on the man’s shirt.
And better than Dean could ever deserve.  Dean sighed, out loud this time, and turned to address the others.
“Dean.” Cas called, hurrying to catch up to the man. He didn’t understand why Dean was acting this way. “Dean, is something wrong?” he asked.
“So, ladies, what’s our game plan?” He asked, and both brothers looked at him. Dean cleared his throat.
“Amanda Wilson.” she said, her eyes wide. Whether it was in wonder or fear, Dean didn’t know. Gabriel glanced over at Sam and then back to Amanda.
“I am not a nut.” The guy looked from Dean, who grinned at him, to Castiel who was still giving him a confused look. Dean stepped up and pulled Cas to him.
“I was trying to be seductive.” he said, shuffling his feet around. “I did not expect for your brother to be in the room. I should have checked.” Dean stood to his feet and walked over to the angel, still chortling. He put his arms around Cas and hugged him.
He felt…strange. The witch hadn’t hurt him, and he wasn’t lying when he had told Dean he was okay, but still. He didn’t know how describe how he was feeling. It didn’t hurt. He wasn’t…scared. Or tired. Or anything. He just felt…strange. He heard footsteps and watched Gabriel and Sam approach the car.
Dean’s heart was pounding in his ears. He hadn’t heard from Castiel in over an hour, despite several calls and messages that had gone straight to voicemail. Lisa had found out. Lisa had found out, found Castiel, and yelled at him in front of the entirety of a small bakery. Where he’d been picking out pie for Dean. Lisa had told him the entire story.
“There’s no way we can tell for sure. She may have just cursed him and never got a chance to see if it worked. Do you know how long he was a baby before you found him?” Gabriel shook his head.
“No, Dean.” Cas turned around and Dean dropped his hand. Cas’ eyes were indeed glinting with tears. “I understand you are angry with me. But I’m not going to apologize for caring about you.” Cas bit his lip, the hurt evident on his face. “And…fuck you. For trying to make me feel bad for caring about what happens to you.” Cas went to the bathroom and slammed the door, leaving Dean feeling like a piece of shit in his wake.
“What’s wrong, Cas?” Dean said, standing up immediately and going to the angel, putting his hands on his elbows. Castiel took a deep breath and looked down, biting his lip. It worried Dean, because he’d never seen the angel so nervous before. “Whatever it is, you can tell me, Cas.”
“You probably didn’t even realize you did anything wrong. At least, until you woke up like this.” Dean gestured to the little body. “I bet you’re regretting it now.” Little Cas stayed silent, probably ignoring Dean, who just sighed and shook his head.
“We’ll just have to go and figure it out for ourselves then, won’t we?” he turned around to look at Cas. “You up for a ride, Cas?” he asked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Dean’s phone rang loudly, waking him up suddenly. He rolled over and grabbed phone just as it stopped ringing. When the hunter looked at the caller ID he saw ‘Toll Free Caller’. It was 6:30 in the morning. Dean groaned and tossed the phone back onto the table and rolled back over, curling into the warm body of his boyfriend. Cas stirred and nuzzled into Dean’s chest.
thinner than usual (which, until this point, Dean would have said was impossible.) Dean stood up, unable to sit for any longer, and started to pace. Both Sam and Gabriel shot him warning glances but he ignored them, clutching tiny Cas tight to his chest. Did he really trust her to bring him back? What if she did something worse to him? The worried eyes of his two companions showed that he wasn’t alone in not trusting the spell Casmiria was putting together.
“Dean.” he moaned, breathless. Dean smirked and adjusted his hand so he had a better grip on Cas before starting to jack him slowly. The angel let his head fall forward onto Dean’s shoulder, leaving his neck open for Dean to kiss and suck at as he sped his hand up. With the hand not currently jacking his boyfriend off, Dean managed to get his own pants undone and his erection free of its confining prison. He also pushed Castiel’s pants down and with a quick adjustment, was able to take both of their erections into his hand.
Castiel hurriedly downed the coffee on his way to the bathroom. He needed a quick shower, to wash off the smell of the sex he was sure was lingering on his skin. If anything, it had probably gotten worse after all night. He brushed his teeth first, staring down at the sink to avoid looking into the mirror. He didn't need to see what was in the mirror. He didn't want to see what everyone else saw when they looked at him.
“Wait, wait!!” He half-yelled. “I can’t kill her, but I can put a binding spell on her! It’ll keep her powers sealed away.” Dean looked down at the man.
“I know, Dean. I have faith in you, as well.” he said. Dean couldn’t help but lean forward and kiss Castiel softly.
It's been a long, harrowing ride, but it's finally over. And there is a sequel, by the way, so our boys will be back. Luckily for everyone involved, I've already finished writing it. I should start posting that in a few days :) It's already on Fanfiction.net if you're not in to delayed gratification and want to know what's happening now. Thank you to everyone who's commented and left kudos and been generally amazing you are all such wonderful people :)
“Yeah, but we aren’t even sure if he’s an angel anymore, Dean!” Sam said in a harsh whisper. “Cas wasn’t!”
He pushed another finger in and Cas thrust himself down hard onto Dean’s hand. Dean bent his fingers, searching for the bundle of nerves he knew would send his boyfriend over the edge. He found the spot and pressed against it, Cas arched up and cried out his name. Dean eased his third finger in and began to scissor them, stretching Cas and opening him up carefully.
“It’s always been you.” he said, and Dean realized that his eyes were glistening. “From the moment I laid my hand on your soul in Hell I was gone. Ever since then, Dean, I’ve been yours.” He sighed, bringing Dean’s hand to his mouth and kissing it. “At first I never dreamed that you could feel the same way. But then you did.” he said. “I’ve existed for a long time, Dean.” He leaned in and kissed Dean softly. “But I don’t think that I truly lived until I met you.” Dean was the one in danger of crying now, with the way Cas was looking at him. “I love you, Dean Winchester. Thank you making me live.” Dean couldn’t help it, he pulled Cas in and kissed him with everything he had. His words failed him, so he tried to convey the message with his body. He was almost sad that he wasn’t fifteen years younger so that he could make love to Cas the way the angel had just done to him.
“Fuck!” Dean yelled, his hands finding Cas’ unruly hair and his hips canting up of their own accord. Cas’ eyes found Dean again and he couldn’t tear his eyes away as the angel sank down slowly, until his nose was brushing at Dean’s pubic hair. Then Cas started to hum and honest-to-God suck Dean down as he slowly pulled back up. Dean whimpered and threw his head back, not being able to maintain the eye contact anymore as Cas worked him over. Cas did something with his tongue that made Dean see stars and he gasped, unable to form any coherent words.
“Cas.” Dean said, a little breathlessly. “Personal Space.” Comprehension dawned in the angel’s eyes and he took a step backwards.
“Fine, but if she asks, you stole her number out of my phone.” Dean said, as he scrolled through his contacts and found Jo. He held it up and Charlie quickly put the number in her phone.
“Ah, Cas, how the hell did you get yourself into this?” Dean whispered. Cas shrugged and continued to suck down the contents of his bottle. Dean shook his head.
“Aww did you miss me, Dean-o?” Gabriel teased. Dean rolled his eyes again and shook his head. Dean heard movement in the general direction of the beds. Sam was finally awake. As soon as Cas was happily sucking on the bottle Dean turned around.
Dean smiled to himself. Castiel seemed much happier now. Honestly, though, he had never seen someone enjoy getting bossed around like his boyfriend. Cas seemed to thrive on it.
"Yeah, on the chair in your living room." Dean told him, prompting Castiel to out of the bed. A piece of Dean was here, and Castiel hadn't known about it? He kicked himself mentally for not realizing. He walked into the living room, something tight in his chest loosening at the sight of it hanging innocently on the back of the chair. He walked forward, touching the soft leather with the hand that wasn't cradling his phone.
“Yeah, Cas. Some toddler-friendly food, too. He can’t just eat what we do. He’s a growing boy.” Dean grinned at Gabriel and received a middle finger in return. “Now, that’s no way to talk to a grown up.”
“Calm down, Man.” Dean says. “My buddy just had a little too much to drink, that’s all. We are taking him home.” The man scoffs.
“You’re trying to distract me. Like you always do when you’re feeling insecure.” Dean tells him, rolling his hips so that Castiel could feel the hunter’s hardness against his stomach - Castiel’s grip tightened on Dean’s hips in response. “But since you don’t like to talk about it…” Dean leans down, capturing Castiel’s nipple in his mouth and sucking - Castiel arches his back, crying out in surprise – “I thought I’d show you instead. How much you mean to me.”
He knows that he’s family, that the Winchester’s would go through hell to get him back or help him if he needed it. He knows that he’s more than just a useful tool for the Winchester’s to use. He knows that the only reason Mick used those words was because Dean had used them just moments before.
“Got anything better to do?” he asked, shouldering his shotgun as he made his way to the front door. Sam shrugged and the others followed his lead, all filing out the door. Once outside, they split up and hid in the woods surrounding the cabin.
“No, Cas, no. Shh.” Dean soothed, moving Cas onto his shoulder and rubbing his back gently. When Cas had quieted down Dean spoke.
“I’d love to see what happened when you get jealous.” Cas hummed, still riding the high from his recent orgasm. Dean sighed.
“Don’t worry. He’ll come around. He may not apologize but…” Gabriel kissed his chest. “It’ll be alright.” Sam moved his hand to the back of Gabriel’s head, causing Gabriel to look up.
“So I assume we’re going?” Andrew asked, and Dean nodded. He sighed and turned around. “Speaking of, what did he do to Gabriel?” Sam’s jaw tightened and he nodded towards the bed where the archangel was still passed out.
“Any cold spots or lights flickering, maybe the smell of sulfur?” Dean pressed. Amanda shook her head.
It wasn't very long before Dean's mouth undid him. He fell apart with a silent cry, burying himself in Dean's mouth as he came down his throat. Dean worked him through his orgasm, the smug look already in his eyes as he pulled off.
“Yes. My bag is packed. I just had a momentary freak out. I want to make a good impression.” He said.
“About what, Gabriel?” Dean walked over and put his arm around Cas, steering him away from his brother.
“Yes, sir. Thank you for letting me gate-crash your Christmas, Bobby. I promise I’ll do my best to help with everything.”
“I know.” Castiel tells him, and even believes it. He knows that Dean would never lie to him about this.
“We were already here about the other disappearances, and we happened to hear about your daughter.” She nodded and held out her hand.
“I love you, too.” Castiel said. He smiled and kissed the hunter again. Dean sighed and responded, pressing against the angel as happiness radiated through his entire body. Dean grinned and pulled away.
“We’re going to end up here anyway and you’re cold.” Castiel said, grabbing Dean’s arm and putting it over his waist as he made himself comfortable on Dean’s chest. After another seconds hesitation, Dean tightened his hold on him and indulged himself in burying his head in Castiel’s hair to breathe him in. Castiel made a pleased noise and settled in, and within moments Dean felt his breath even out.
Sometime later, as Dean was getting dressed and Cas was brushing his teeth, there was a knock on their door. The two exchanged a glance and Dean got up, going to the door and opening it to see a man dressed in a suit standing there.
“Go to hell.” he muttered, and then looked at Amanda. “I thought you left.” he said. She smiled, looking a little nervous.
“I love you, too, Dean.” he whispered back, nuzzling into Dean’s chest happily. They laid there together, both of them too tired and blissed out to move to the bed.
“Don’t make me tie you up, Dean.” he said. Dean moaned at the thought, and Castiel paused, raising his eyebrow at Dean. “Dean?” he asked, his mouth quirking up.
“Dean…I don’t understand. It will not take us an hour to pack. Why did you say we needed an hour? If people are really dying we should get to Wisconsin as soon as…” Dean pulled Cas inside the door and shushed him with a quick peck on the lips. Cas kissed him back hesitantly. “Dean…?” he asked, sounding hopelessly confused. Dean hoped that Cas would never lose his cautious innocence. He loved being able to take the angel by surprise. He gasped slightly when Dean started to kiss his jaw.
“Yeah, Dean. I have.” And with that, he opened the door and walked out. Sam groaned and slumped against the wall against the wall.
“Eager, huh?” Dean smiled, when he pulled away for air. Cas nodded, leaning back to took Dean in the eyes.
“Dean?” Castiel said, breaking Dean out of his reverie.  He looked up at the angel, tensing immediately at the nervous look in Castiel’s eyes.
Out of all the lovers he had taken in his very long life, the one that was able to tear down his defenses and sneak into his heart was a moose of a hunter with list of family issues that could rival his own. (And that was an impressive feat)
“It doesn’t take me long to get dressed, Dean.” Cas said, and Dean could hear the smile in his voice even if he couldn’t see it.
Castiel rolled over with a grunt, grabbing for the book on his bedside table.  He turned on his lamp, and propped himself up with some pillows. He'd might as well read, since there wasn't anything else for him to do. No one was up this time of night, not that he could talk about what was bothering him with anyone anyway. Admitting to the affair in his head was one thing, but saying it out loud was an entire other. He didn't want to admit that he was a home wrecker.
“Theirs’ actually.” He jerked his head towards Sam and Gabriel. Her eyes widened in surprise and Dean continued. “I just came along to give them a break. New babies, you know.” Dean grinned at Sam as she turned to look at the two of them. The look Sam gave him was murderous. Gabriel, however, chuckled and wrapped one arm around Sam.
“I need the angel to complete the spell. I promise you, Dean Winchester, he will not be harmed.” She said, her hands still outstretched. Dean looked at Sam (who nodded), Gabriel (who shrugged), and finally down at Cas. He wasn’t going to give the angel up unless he had Cas’ say-so.
“Pity. I wanted you to beg, but your hunter’s pride just wouldn’t allow that, now would it?” She said, walking towards him. “Such defiance. I respect that, Dean Winchester, I really do.” Dean watched her approach, still breathing heavy. He had no idea how she knew who he was but that really didn’t matter. She stepped directly in front of him and leaned down to whisper in his ear. “I find your defiance rather…arousing, Dean Winchester. I like men that won’t…break.” She stood up and ran her hand along his jaw before striding across the living room and returning to her seat, leaving Dean feeling disgusted and filthy behind her. She addressed the three of them.
“Hey.” she said in a small voice. She looked nervous and kept looking over her shoulder, putting Dean on guard immediately “Can I…umm…Can I come in?” she asked. Dean opened the door just enough for her to get through and then promptly closed it. Dean caught Sam’s surprised expression for just a second before he controlled his expression.
“See? Problem solved.” Dean stood up and stretched. Sam sighed, but must have decided that he was right. He shut his laptop and stood up, keeping Gabriel close to his chest.
That’s why Dean was in the Impala, driving towards Cas’ apartment. He was most likely just ignoring Dean, upset about everything that Lisa had said to him today. Maybe he just didn’t want to talk to Dean.
“Woah.” Andrew said, stepping closer. “I never knew that she learned that spell.” Sam glanced at him.
“Nothing.” Dean growled as he climbed into the driver’s seat. Cas opened the passenger door and got inside. He opened his mouth to ask again but Dean grabbed his phone and dialed. Cas could hear Sam’s voice through the phone.
He didn't get an immediate reply, but started down there anyway. His phone buzzed while he was in the elevator.
“Easy, angel.” Dean whispered. Cas whimpered but stayed still, letting Dean tease him with his tongue and lips before he took the angel’s cock back into his mouth. He slipped his head down as far down as he could and started to work what he couldn’t fit into his mouth with his hand. Dean could feel Cas’ muscles tensing with effort as he forced himself not to thrust into Dean’s mouth with wild abandon. Dean smiled and pulled back. He rolled off of Cas and lept down from the bed, digging through his bag until his fingers closed around the bottle of lube. He quickly climbed back into the bed.
, the longer we wait, the more of a chance that she’s going to know we are here and then she’s going to bolt!” Dean gestured wildly. “We need to go look at that cabin
“Marry me.” Dean said. Cas opened his eyes and looked at Dean. “I’m serious. I love you, Cas. And I want to keep you forever. I want the entire world to know that you are mine. Let me keep you. Marry me.” Cas smiled and pulled Dean close to him, kissing him.
“There are a lot of variables. I mean, what if she takes us down before Andrew can complete his ritual?”
“Alright then, pack this son of a bitch up and lets go.” He said. Andrew scooted further away from Dean and held his hands up defensively.
Somehow, when Gabriel was normal-sized, all his jokes and teasing were funny. Adorable, even. Now that he was a toddler, it all just seemed so…childish. And yes, Sam was able to appreciate the irony.
Dean had just finished eating when he saw his jacket move. He smiled slightly, and threw away the trash before slowly making his way over to the tiny angel, at least until Cas started to scream. Dean hurried over to the side of the bed and plucked him up, and cradled him.
Sure enough, not even three minutes later, Dean was begging Castiel for more as he rolled Dean's balls in his hand. He knew the easiest ways to make Dean come apart.
“Well, that was the most pointless day in the history of pointless days.” he said, leaning his head against the seat.
“Would it hurt to hear what he has to say?” Sam asked, trying (and failing) to use a reasonable tone. Dean glared.
“Come on, Moosey, you need to get some sleep. We gotta go hunt witches tomorrow.” Sam smiled climbed into the bed beside the archangel. He opened his arms and Gabriel laid his head on Sam’s chest. Sam knew that the angel didn’t need sleep but he stayed because Sam liked to hold him while he slept. Sam kissed the top of the archangels head.
Gabriel had long since gone back to sleep, curled up on Sam’s lap. It reminded Dean of how Cas slept on him when he had been a baby, with one hand fisted in his shirt. Sam had his laptop open in front them. He looked as tired as Dean felt.
Along the left side of the cabin, Dean saw that there were several plants, all planted in neat rows. A garden. He was too far away, but he was willing to bet good money that it would contain similar plants as to the garden outside of the house they had first found Casmiria in. A witch’s garden. He turned and signaled for Sam and Gabriel to go around to far side of the house as he worked his way up to the dilapidated front porch.
Dean looked up through his lashes, just because he wanted to see the look on Castiel's face. The other man's head was thrown back, his mouth wide open, whispering praises that Dean wished he could hear. Castiel was always very free with his praise. It was one of Dean's favorite things about fucking him. That, and how beautiful Castiel looked when he was lost in pleasure.
Jimmy moved closer, but Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from the trail of hair that disappeared into the bright red G-string barely holding anything back. Dean’s mouth was dry as he tilted his head up, trying to get a look at his face now that he was closer.
“You are in a hotel room in Wisconsin. Now, what you are going to do is sit there quietly like a good little boy and answer my questions, otherwise, we are gonna tie you up and deliver you to Casmiria like a Christmas present!” Dean says, getting up into the guy’s face. Andrew balked and scrambled backwards on the bed away from Dean, holding his hands up.
“You know…” Cas said against his neck, “Orgasms have been known to help get rid of headaches.” Dean felt lips trace the side of his neck and begin to lazily suck on the spot just below his ear.
“Well, before we make any rash decisions, maybe we should go shopping. Cas is going to need a lot of crap that we don’t have.” Gabriel nodded, and suddenly they were at a baby store. The sudden movement had woke up Cas and he started to cry. Dean cooed and shushed the baby into falling asleep again.
“Because we always do.” Cas answered Dean’s unspoken question.  As much as Dean didn’t want to admit it, just hearing Cas say that made him feel better. Dean rolled his head back to look up at Cas.
After the initial shock, Cas decided he liked the water. It was warm and pliable to his touch. He slapped at it, fascinated by the ripples that were created. Dean gently splashed water onto the baby before squeezing some baby shampoo into his hand and starting to wash Cas’ head. Cas stopped playing and hummed quietly. It felt nice to have the hunter washing his hair, he found, and the knowledge surprised him. Maybe that’s why humans like to touch so much.
“I don’t think so. It was a trap, Dean! She knew we had been there, that’s why she put up the angel warding! She wanted you to go in without us.” Dean couldn’t listen to Cas’ reasoning, he was too mad at being jerked away. He was so close.
“There.” he said, apparently satisfied. He looked at Gabriel. “Just go home and sleep, and when you wake up, you’ll be back to normal.” He walked away from the altar and goes over to stand beside the pile of ashes that was once his bitterest enemy.
“Dean.” The archangel said. For two seconds Dean considered hitting him. The next two seconds Dean contemplated ignoring him. Instead of doing either of those things, Dean decided to hear him out. Gabriel shifted around, clearly uncomfortable. Seriously, it was almost worth it just to watch him squirm. Gabriel cleared his throat. “I’m sorry. I should have never said those things to you. I didn’t think before I spoke. I apologize.” The sincerity behind his words was unmistakable. Dean nodded.
“You just showered.” Came the muffled reply, seeing as Cas hadn’t felt the need to move his face from Dean’s neck. Dean frowned in confusion.
shirt to clean up.” he grumbled, grabbing Sam and pulling him up so he could kiss him. He let his hands start to wonder over Sam’s shoulders, feeling the tight muscles coiled beneath the skin. He sighed happily, pulling Sam against him as he lay on his back once again. Sam kissed his lips for a minute before he moved to continue kissing down his body. Gabriel gave up trying to talk and just watched as Sam craved a path of nips and licks down to his pants. Sam made quick work of the button on Gabe’s pants and pulled them off, leaving his underwear on. Sam rose up onto his knees and unbuttoned his jeans, letting them slide down as he moved to up to capture Gabe’s mouth. The archangel kissed him deeply, gently probing at Sam’s lips with his tongue to encourage him to open his mouth. Sam slid his tongue out to tangle with Gabriel’s as he adjusted their position and started to move their hips together. Gabriel almost grasped. The feeling of Sam moving against him, even being separated by clothes, always surprised Gabriel. He loved the intensity of the motion, the strangled little moans Sam would make, everything. Gabriel swallowed every moan that his lover made, kissing him until he had to break away to breathe. He wrapped his arm and legs around Sam and pushed his hips up to meet every thrust, until he couldn’t handle the clothed touches anymore. He needed more, dammit. He reached between their bodies and gripped Sam through his underwear, squeezing and massaging gently. Sam’s thrusts sped up and he started pressing wet, feverish kisses into Gabriel’s neck.
Dean nodded again. “It makes sense. Think about it. You don’t really worry about me as a human, because you’ve seen me fight as a human. Sam, too. But Gabriel, you’re used to seeing him as a badass archangel and now that he’s, you know, human, you want to protect him because he is vulnerable. At least, compared to how he usually is.”
“They can’t what?” Castiel prompted, pumping his hand slightly. “They can’t make you feel like I do?” he muttered, pulling Dean’s dick out.
It was ridiculous. This little human body couldn’t do anything but cry and move. Cas struggled to say something but every time he did, it would come out as a string of babble and Dean would shush him. But now he was drinking whatever was in the bottle and had finally stopped trying to speak. He heard Sam come into the kitchen.
“I’m sorry.” She said, pulling away. Cas looked relieved. “It’s just…I’m so scared. I just want my daughter back, and to forget this ever happened.” She sniffed and wiped at her eyes.
Now’s the dilemma, though. Sam’s already free, but should he untie Gabriel? As a toddler, Castiel is sure that he would be more of a hindrance than a help, but leaving him tied up just doesn’t sit well with him. Still, of the five people here, four of them are unbound and waiting. Castiel decides to leave Gabriel where he’s at, that way if shit hits the fan, Gabriel can always blame it on Castiel that he couldn’t help.
“Sam! Get in here!” Sam ran into the room, shirtless, looking at Gabriel for an explanation. His hair was still wet.
“Do you want me to put it together?” he asked, looking up at them. “I mean, I am the only actual witch in attendance.” he pointed. Sam looked at Dean, who shrugged.
“I’m glad you found someone, man. Just…be careful. You know what happened to all of your other hook-ups.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“Don’t worry.” Dean said as he unbuckled the baby. “I promise I won’t anything hurt you.” Cas ignored him and continued to stare up at the building. It had a sense of foreboding to it, even with its cheery exterior. Cas shivered slightly and clung to Dean, who turned to face the other two.
"I love you, Cas." Dean said, and Castiel closed his eyes, holding back the tears he didn't even know were there until they threatened to spill over.
“Does that mean you find me being myself funny, Dean?” Cas looked so worried Dean couldn’t help but to kiss him.
“Well, word is that Bael is on the hunt and looking for us. So I’m thinking we should skedaddle before he finds us.” Gabriel said. “Sam’s packing up our stuff.” he glanced between the two of them. “I was just making sure you two were awake.” he said, “I’ll leave you to it.” He backed out the door, skipping happily.
“Cassie! Dean-o! I don’t suppose you two could come back in an hour or so? Me and Sammy are kinda…” Dean held up his hand to silence the archangel.
“You are going to come with us, if I have to hog tie you and pull you out of here with a rope.” Dean growled. Dean was so focused on Andrew that he didn’t notice Cas walk up behind him. When Andrew opened his mouth to say something else but Cas touched his forehead and he collapsed. Dean watched him crumple to the ground without even trying to catch him. He turned to Cas.
The angle was too perfect, Dean making Cas see stars with thrust that grazed his prostate, effectively turning the angel into a whimpering, needy mess. Dean dug his nails into Cas, letting the angel know that his orgasm was close. Cas came quite suddenly, taking both of them by surprise but then Dean was coming right after, and
They were back in the bunker now. Mary had retired to her room, and Sam had gone into the library to see if he could find anything on the British chapter of the Men of Letters. He and Dean were in Dean’s room, watching some mindless documentary on Netflix. Usually, Castiel would be enraptured. He loved learning new things.
“I haven’t allowed them to heal.” he said. “I-I liked the thought of having…memories from last night.” he confessed, looking at the ground. “Although I certainly did not expect this reaction.” Dean grinned and ducked to kiss him.
“Gabe?” Sam called out, warily stepping down the aisle. His eyes swept up and down the shelves, and a part of his brain noted that they were back where they had begun, in the aisle with the strollers.
“Yours.” Cas agreed. “Only yours. No one else’s.” Dean nodded and started to thrust faster, harder into Cas. The angel moved to Dean’s back, and Dean idly thought Cas wouldn’t be the only one to have wings come morning. Dean felt Cas spasm beneath him and knew the angel was close.
Finally, Dean was able to put his head on Cas’ chest and throw a leg around his waist. Castiel turned towards him, pulling him in and placing a gentle kiss on the top of his head as he wrapped his arms around Dean. Dean was just drifting off when he heard Cas mutter something.
“I’m not ashamed, Gabe. I-I just don’t know how to tell him.” Sam pleaded. He reached out and took Gabriel’s hand. “This is all new to me. I’m just not…ready to tell him.” The archangel sighed. Sam put his hand on the other man’s face and bent down to kiss him. Gabriel responded, stretching up on his toes so Sam didn’t have to reach so far. Sam pulled away, but rested his forehead against Gabriel’s. “Please.” He whispered. Gabriel nodded slowly. Sam kissed him again, harder this time. Gabriel ran his tongue along Sam’s lower lip and Sam opened his mouth and teased Gabriel’s tongue with his own. They kissed for a few minutes, each holding the other tightly. Wordlessly they stopped, and Gabriel led Sam over to the bed. He crawled into the bed and patted the space beside him.
Dean’s slumber was interrupted by a hurried, annoying knocking on the door. He glanced at Cas, who rolled over and buried his face in the pillowed.
“Of course not.” he said, his hands tightening on Cas’ waist. The angel was moving down, nipping and kissing his way down Dean’s torso. Dean blinked as Cas got down onto his knees. “Oh, fuck.” he moaned, as Cas leaned in and undid his button with his teeth.
need to know about my brother’s sex life. Seeing Cas naked was bad enough.” Sam said, grimacing at the memory. Gabriel chuckled, knowing all about the way Cas had come out of the bathroom naked when Sam was talking to Dean. Sam’s face fell slightly and he sighed again. Gabriel hugged him, his head barely coming up to the middle of his chest.
Dean didn’t know what to think. He didn’t want to move, but he didn’t really want to go up on stage either. But maybe he should. Maybe having an attractive guy dance all over him would be the perfect thing to make him forget all about Bela. So, he stayed, as Gadreel was replaced by a twink-looking guy who called himself Samandriel. Not at all Dean’s type, but the threw the bills his way anyway. (The guy looked to be about fifteen. Dean couldn’t bring himself to touch him, not sexually anyway. And that included tucking dollar bills into his G-string.)
“Everyone ready?” Gabe asked. Cas looks at his feet, which are still barefoot. Gabriel rolled his eyes and popped away, returning in a minute with a pair of boots and socks that match Dean’s. “Here.” He winked at Dean as Cas starts to put on the shoes. Once this is done, Gabe touched them and suddenly they are in Colorado.
It shouldn’t have hurt. Dean didn’t mean anything by that comment, and Castiel knew it. So why did he suddenly want to run from the room? It took him a moment to pinpoint the exact emotion he was feeling. Embarrassment. Because Dean had told Gabriel that the archangel was his favorite. All of the sudden he wanted to hide. He was pulled out of his spiraling circle by a movement on the bed opposite of him.
She was the youngest of the victims, only 24, and the last one to go missing. She went missing just last week, from her one bedroom apartment where she lived alone. The rest of the missing people had families, dogs, mortgages. As far as he could tell, Lindsey was alone. That wasn’t the only thing different either.
again, announcing their arrival on the second floor. “Not like it matters, really. Between Gabe and Sammy, we are never going to live this down.” Dean sighed, and walked straight to the room and unlocked the door, entering to find Gabriel and Sam sitting at the table, both poring over Sam’s laptop and what he presumed to be the ‘White Thorn’ website. He ignored both of them and walked to one of the two queen beds and began the process of changing Cas’ diaper. Gabriel cleared his throat and disappeared. Before Dean had even finished changing the tiny angel, Gabriel was back with a huge bag of what appeared to be burgers. Dean quickly finished what he was doing and washed his hands before making his way towards the bag of food. Unfortunately, he had forgotten to pick Cas up and the little angel started to cry. Dean sighed, but nevertheless he walked back over to the angel and picked him up before returning to his abandoned food. Gabriel smiled.
Dean stormed down the hallway and angrily punched the button on the elevator. He was seething. The nerve that Gabriel had to say that he didn’t have Cas’ best interest in mind? Cas was quiet. He seemed scared to do anything that would upset Dean anymore, so he quietly snuggled his head into the hunter’s jacket, causing Dean look down. Emotion tightened in the man’s eyes.
“And then, you have the gall to attack my boyfriend!?” Wait, boyfriend? Who was the archangel’s boyfriend? It wasn’t Cas so did that mean…? Gabriel dodged the object she threw at him. Dean didn’t know what it was, it was moving too fast for him to be able to tell, but it made a huge noise as it shattered against the wall. There were objects flying everywhere, and Dean couldn’t see anything but the two most powerful beings in the room locked in combat. It was awe-inspiring. Suddenly, Dean heard a voice behind him.
“Castiel?” he called, making a b-line for the bedroom. Ah, there he was. Asleep. Dean crept quietly into the room.
“Dean, there is no reason for you to be jealous. I’m not interested…” Cas started, but Dean cut him off.
Dean and Cas were following along behind him. Sam could hear them talking quietly amongst themselves. They seemed content with letting Sam take the lead on this one and Sam was grateful. Besides, it was
“I’m not sure we should expose Cas like that. I mean, if the witch sees him it could force a reaction. I’m not sure what she’d do with a group of people around.”
“Okay.” he said, to his collective audience. (Honestly, he would never get used to so many people looking actually paying attention to him.) “It’s about a mile and a half in that direction.” Dean pointed. “Be quiet, keep your gun up.” He was saying this mostly for Andrew’s benefit. The others already knew what they were doing. “We aren’t entirely sure if it’s a witch or not, so just be on guard.”
was a man, but really, did it matter?) And he was pretty sure that broke at least two of the biggest rules in Christianity.
Dean sighed in relief and went to fix the baby food. He chose carrots (because if he was being honest, they didn’t really taste all that bad) and spooned a little bit onto a plate. He debated on warming them up but ultimately decided against it. He picked up a plastic spoon, along with the plate and walked over to where Cas was sitting. Gabriel adjusted the baby as Dean neared him with the food. The hunter put a little onto a spoon and offered it to the little angel. Cas eyed the spoon suspiciously, but after a few moments his hunger seemed to win. He leaned forward slightly and accepted the offered spoon.
“Yeah, about that. I owe you an apology.” Dean sat the coffee cup down. “I’m so sorry, Cas. I’ve put you through hell, and you didn’t deserve any of it.” He smiled. “You’re the best person I know, Cas. I hate the way I’ve been treating you. You’re so much better than I am.” He took his hand. “I don’t know why you felt you had to do this, Cas, but if it had anything to do with me then I’m so sorry I drove you to this. I should’ve stopped it a long time ago.”
“Shut up, Gabriel, it’s not like you can talk.” Dean smiled at his brother. Yeah, he was a little pissed Sammy had kept him in the dark, but he was honestly too happy right now to be mad at anyone. Besides he and Sam could talk later. A strangled sob broke out and all of them looked at the former witch who was on the floor. They exchanged looks and wordlessly left out of the front door. Andrew followed them.
“We go to Wisconsin, find the bitch that did this to Cas, and we make her reverse it. Simple as that.” Sam shook his head.
“You said you found something, Gabe?” Cas dropped the zipper and started to wiggle, trying to say something but-once again- all that came out was noise. Dean shushed him, and when Gabriel started to talk, Cas was quiet so he could hear.
“We are all going to go. I will not be a babysitter the entire time. I will help get Cas back.” He stated, walking back to his bag to put his toothbrush up. Then he turned around. “I don’t think she’ll be any danger to Cas if we do bring him. She could’ve found a way to kill him if she really wanted to. My guess, this was to teach him a lesson.” Gabriel looked up at Dean.
“What’d I miss?” he asked with a yawn, then he saw Andrew and Amanda. “Hey, Andy, long time no see.” he greeted, and then his eyes fell on Amanda. “And, well, I don’t think I’ve ever met you before.”
“We did stuff!” Dean said, outraged. “At least, we tried to do things. It’s not our fault there wasn’t anything to find.” Sam nodded, and then looked at his watch.
“Oh no. You two are NOT leaving me alone with him.” He turned towards Sam. “I don’t have any idea how to take care of a baby!” Dean said worriedly. Sam just looked at him.
Dean nodded frantically. If Castiel didn’t stop, this was going to be over before it could even start. He didn’t know why, but a possessive Castiel was acting was a serious turn-on.
“Never again.” The angel agreed, and kissed the hunter on the forehead. Dean swallowed nervously. He had something that he needed to tell Cas, and he needed to tell the angel tonight. He took a deep breath to try and calm his nerves.
“Alright, ladies, and the few gentlemen that remain in the audience, I want to clap your hands and welcome to the stage our very own Gadreel. A pretty man with soft brown hair made his way onto the stage to numerous cheers. He was wearing a stained wife beater and a pair of blue jeans that slung low on his hips. He had on boots and what looked like a sledgehammer was slung over his shoulder. Well. Construction worker was a new thing, but he couldn’t deny that he liked what this man was selling. When he started to dance, Dean scooted up closer to the stage, dollar bills in hand. Maybe a man had been exactly what he needed. He tucked the money into Gadreel’s G-string, flushing when the man winked at him. He leaned down close, to whisper into his ear. “You’re in for a treat, sitting there.” He said. “Jimmy is doing something special tonight.” He stood back up and winked again, going to the other side of the stage to collect the tips from the girls waving the money at him, leaving Dean a little turned on and a lot confused.
“We take turns.” he said matter-of-factly. Dean didn’t know it was possible for any person to turn as red as Sam did. He stood up quickly, crossing his arms.
He was Sam’s. Sam was his. What they looked like didn’t matter. Gabriel looked up at him, smiling, warmth and contentment filling his chest.
They moved around, fixing their ties and clothes and switching postions so that Dean was fully in the driver's seat again, and that both of them were buckled up. As Dean started back towards the office, Castiel picked up the grease-stained fast food bag.
“Cas, we’ve talked about this. Because it’s my brother and your brother and I just don’t like to think about that.” He waved his arm as he climbed into the Impala.
“I’ve seen how often you humans have to do it. I can tell I’m going to hate it.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“What plan, Sam? We don’t know how many people she’s going to have there, we may be hopelessly outnumbered, and not to mention that there is a very good chance that neither of our angels will have any powers. Yeah, we can reverse the fact that Gabriel is a toddler, but we don’t have any way to get rid of Casmiria! So tell me, Sam, what exactly is your plan?”
"Not unless you want it to be?" Dean said, trying to phrase it as a question. Castiel chuckled, squeezing Dean's hand.
Maybe he was just looking for a fight. Andrew just glanced back at him. The easiest way to describe the way he looked was defeated.
Without Dean, what did Castiel have? Co-workers? They didn’t talk to him other than to exchange pleasantries. His family wanted nothing to do with him. He didn’t have anything without Dean. So what was the point without him?
Sam really didn’t mind shopping. There was something peaceful about pushing a cart around a store. It was a mindless, rather numbing task – and something that Sam didn’t really mind doing. As long as the other shoppers minded their own business, you were free to do what you had to do and get out of there.
Castiel took Dean into his hand and pumped him lazily a few times before sliding his hand down towards Dean’s puckered hole. The hunter gasped when he felt Castiel’s long fingers tease him before the angel pulled away and squeezed some lube out onto his fingers, rubbing it around slightly to warm it. He ran his hand back down towards Dean‘s entrance, circling the ring of muscle with one lubed finger before easing it inside, causing Dean to gasp. Castiel gently worked his finger in and out before adding more lube and another finger. He started to scissor them, opening the hunter up. Dean moaned and pressed down impatiently against Cas’ fingers.
In fact, Dean has just about decided on that course of action when Gabriel opens the door and climbs in.
“Are you sure that’s the best idea, Dean? I mean, what if he could help us get rid of her? The best way to beat a witch is with another one, you know that. And Casmiria herself has told us that he’s a very powerful one. Maybe he can help us.” Sam said. Dean paused to think about it. On one hand, it was a good idea. Rid the world of the plague of that witch(bitch). On the other hand, if they went wrong, Cas would get turned back into a baby. Along with some other dire consequences, he was sure.
“Yeah, Dean only it’s not exactly easy to kill an angel.” Dean opened his mouth to remark but Sam cut him off. “What do you think, Gabriel?” Gabriel shrugged.
he is. It’s the kind of bored that use to make him whisk Sam away for untold hours of fun. Of course, he can’t exactly do that now because 1) he’s a toddler, and Sam is not a pedophile and 2) he’s without any of his powers, which means he is without his ability to whisk.
“Yesterday afternoon.  It was…” Sam swallows again. “…it was a kid, Dean. A little girl. Her name is Katie Wilson.” Dean felt his heart constrict, the way it always did when children were involved. Cas tightened his grip around Dean’s waist.
“So what’s this case?” he asked, sitting down at the small table. Sam immediately jumped into action, opening his laptop and clicking on something. He turned the computer around so Dean could see the newspaper article.
“I’m going to take my time, Dean.” Cas said. “So you may as well just lie there and take it, because no amount of pleading is going to change my mind.” The angel let go of both of their cocks and leaned down to kiss Dean’s stomach. He scooted down and kissed Dean’s happy trail and then ran his tongue along the ‘v’ of Dean’s hips. Dean groaned and tried to thrust again, to no avail. Cas moved to down and started leaving light butterfly kisses on Dean’s thighs. Dean couldn’t keep still, writhing on the bed and silently willing Cas to take his talented mouth to more interesting parts of his anatomy. He wasn’t going to ask, though. He knew when Cas made up his mind there was really no changing it.
“Almost nine.” Dean answered. He cleared his throat as Andrew stood. “Look, man…” Dean took a deep breath. “What I said yesterday…” Andrew shook his head, a soft smile playing on his lips.
“Better get cleaned up. Don’t want to be sticky in the morning.” Cas unwrapped his arms and let Dean free. The hunter got up and went into the bathroom and wet a cloth, cleaning himself off and then returning to Cas and wiping him off as well. He threw the cloth in the corner of the room and rejoined the angel on the bed. Cas crawled over to rest his head on Dean’s chest.
“So what are we gonna do about him?” he asked, jerking his head towards the bed where Andrew had been unceremoniously dumped just moments before. Dean’s smile faded.
“Uhh, Guys!” Gabe yelled at them from the front of the house. Without making a subconscious decision to do so, Dean tightened his arms around Cas. Both him and Sam took off for the front of the house, Sam in the lead.
“Shuddup. At least I’m not a moose.” He hit Sam’s arm again. “Put me down. I think I can walk.” Sam complied and gingerly sat Gabriel down, holding his arms until he took a few steps. Sam let go and Gabriel looked up at him, took a step and then he took off his little legs carrying him surprisingly fast towards the bathroom.
“Looks like someone is going to need a nappy-wappy after he eats.” Gabriel said, adopting one of the most annoying baby voices Dean had ever heard. Cas ignored  him and clung to Dean.
Dean arched, trying to get closer, but the angle was too awkward. Castiel carefully slid out from under Dean and stretched out beside him on the bed, propping himself up on his elbow. He began to trace his fingers up and down Dean’s chest.
“Dean?” Sam asked, coming around the couch. He saw the altar and cursed. “So it is a witch.” he said. Dean nodded.
No, Castiel was making love to him and it was exquisite. And exactly what he needed. Normally, going into life threatening situations wasn’t a big deal. They were the Winchester’s, they faced death every day. But this was different, because now he had Cas and he didn’t want to die and leave Cas alone.
So, Dean was in the Impala, weaving through traffic and trying to follow the ambulance. It wasn’t long before he lost them in the traffic, but they’d told Dean that which hospital they were taking him to. It took everything he had to not argue with them. Ultimately, though, Castiel getting to the hospital was more important than Dean getting there. He’d just have to suffer a few minutes of not knowing. He could do that for Castiel. He would do that for Castiel.
Kristy was amazingly helpful. Not only did she tell them everything they would need, but she personally showed them where everything was and helped them guess about how much of everything they would need. They guessed that Cas was around six months old (at least, that’s what they told her). She stayed with them the entire time, giving advice on how to change a diaper or on which brands to buy. When they were finally finished, she stood by them as they checked over the cart.
but whatever the reason, between the two of them, the carrot mush had somehow managed to get all over the little angel. As Dean stood up to throw away the spoon and plate, Cas began to play with in it.
“The perks of being an Angel, I suppose.” he said, as he opened the door to the hotel room. Andrew and Amanda were sitting at the table, talking; they both looked up when they entered.
“To the normal capacity of a three-year-old human child, I would assume.” He said. “Though I only have my own experiences to draw from.” Sam nodded and looked back down at Gabriel. The archangel stirred, yawning and blinking sleepily up at them. He yawned again and took in the three faces above him. He stretched and grinned cheekily up at them (his normal grin, which looked terribly out of place on a three-year-old.)
“You don’t have tell me how you feel, Dean. I’m well-versed in the way you use your body to speak.” he said. “You speak more clearly through actions than you ever have with words.” Dean laughed, and pulled him in for another kiss.
“We found him on a park bench cuddled with a bottle of Jack, Dean. I have no idea where he would have gone.” Dean sighed and rolled his eyes.
Now, Sam and Dean, I speak directly to you. You know that I have the girl, and you also know that I am not afraid to hurt her. Come to my cabin (I know you know where I am) on Friday and bring this woman. I will allow her to leave with the girl once you are all here. I’ve adjusted the warding to allow your angel to be able to enter. Make sure that
Dean settled between Castiel’s legs, kissing his lips once again, his hand cradling Castiel’s face. Again, this was very unlike Dean, but the difference was pleasant so he didn’t mind very much. Dean gradually moved his kisses, working his way down Castiel’s jaw to his neck, sucking lightly on his pulse point before moving down to kiss and nip at his bare chest.
“First, you turn my brother into a child because you can’t handle the fact that he didn’t want you, and then you tried to use his own grace to kill him?!” Gabriel yelled. Dean stood back, astonished. He had never seen the archangel like this. Usually, the he preferred to sit on the sidelines and let the others do the dirty work, but Casmiria had pissed him off, and therefore she now had to contend with the full power of an archangel. Gabriel advanced towards her.
“I’m always gonna need you, Cas.” Dean whispers against his collarbone. Their pants had disappeared a while ago “You’re always going to be who I need. What I need. No matter what happens.” He picks up his head, trailing careful kisses along his jaw. “I love you, Cas. You and Sam, and now Mom, you’re all I have.” He kisses him softly. “You aren’t an attack dog. You’re family, Cas. You’re mine.”  Dean rolls his hips, causing their naked cocks to slide together in agonizing pleasure.
"I'm always up for more." Castiel said. They held hands until Dean pulled though the drive-thru. It wasn't likely, but someone might know them here. It hurt Dean's soul a little that he didn't even have to pull away from Castiel. The other man just dropped his hand unceremoniously, looking out the window.
after what seemed like forever, Gabriel was back out onto the stage. The entire crowd was getting excited, so Dean was hoping that Jimmy was up next. When the waitress winked at him, he felt like he had his answer. Time to see what Jimmy had in store for him.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean almost sobbed in relief and he instinctively drove his hips up into the angel’s hand. He opened his eyes in time to see Cas’ pink tongue dart out eagerly to catch a bead of the gathered precome at the tip. Cas leaned down further and licked up Dean’s member, sucking the head into his mouth before pulling off and licking up it again. Cas started lap at the base, and then suck lightly as he made his way back to the top. Cas glanced up at him licked his lips before he ducked down and sucked him down in one go.
Sam and Gabriel slid into the backseat, Sam holding Gabriel. They had elected not to get another car seat. Cops were the least of their problems today.
“Oh…you were like that when I woke up. I guess the whole ‘changing back’ deal didn’t include clothes.” Dean said. Cas looked down and Dean almost swore. Morning wood? Really? As if it wasn’t awkward enough.  He turned around and pointed towards the bathroom.
“You want me to do your paperwork so you can go home and have wild sex with your boyfriend.” She glanced up at him with her eyebrow raised. Dean grinned sheepishly and leaned against the desk.
“I don’t think Gabriel is going to need as much as Cas did, but yeah, we are definitely going to need some supplies.”
“They left about five minutes after you two did. Haven’t seen them since.” Dean nodded and dropped down at the table.
“I seriously doubt that.” Dean said, standing up. “And who says we are going to fail?” Andrew stood up, facing Dean and spat.
“Hello! You seem a bit lost, can I help you?” Dean instantly felt jealously flare up in his chest at the way she said it.
“We walk from here. No one can enter this zone by magical means.” Gabriel said, his voice a little irritated. “Not even angels.”
“Smart Sammy…but we don’t even know if it was a witch. And if it was a witch, we don’t have any idea where to find her.” Gabriel pointed out. “and...well, Cas is still a human baby. He’s gonna do whatever human babies do.”
Castiel smiled. “If you don’t want to sleep…then perhaps we could…find another way to entertain ourselves.”
“No, actually. Just here to escort you to see an old friend.” Andrew rolled his eyes and dropped his hands.
“What the hell, man? That could have been our last chance to get her!” Dean yelled. Cas didn’t flinch.
“That would be welcome, Amanda. Thank you.” Cas said, smiling. She nodded and went into the kitchen. The moment she was out of sight, Cas turned towards Dean.
“There isn’t anything to talk about, Cas.” Dean said. He looked like he regretted giving up the bottle of beer.
“Are you sure you even want the old Cassie back?” Gabriel asked, as he was throwing Sam a shake-up salad. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Gabe…” Sam said, but the look intensified. Finally, Sam rolled his eyes. “Fine.” Gabriel grinned and grabbed Sam’s face, leaned in and gave him a chaste kiss.  Sam made a face but allowed it.
if the feeling of Dean coming inside him wasn’t one of the hottest things Cas had ever felt. Cas pulled Dean in for a kiss as they both rode out their orgasms. Dean started to pepper Cas’ collarbones with kisses as he pulled out and set the angel down. Cas’ legs refused to hold his weight and he collapsed. He tried to grab Dean to stay upright but ended up just pulling him to the floor alongside him. They both laughed and Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him against his chest and kissing his forehead.
“What am I doing wrong?” he asked. Dean stood up abruptly, ripping his hands out of Cas’ and stalking across the room. That made the second time in less than a minute Dean had pulled away from Cas. Knowing that Dean didn’t want Cas to touch him made Cas feel sick inside.
Dean inhaled sharply as Castiel’s thumbs ran gently over his nipples teasing them until they hardened underneath his touch. Castiel’s eyes turned darker and the leaned over, sucking the peaked bud into his mouth. Dean gasped and his arms twitched, but he kept them where they were.
Since I try to make my stories as believable as possible, The Black Cord Binding Spell is a legit binding spell. However, I took it and twisted it a little for my own personal usage so that it will fit better in my story. If you don’t know, binding spells are generally used to prevent people from harming others. DO NOT follow my instructions on how to execute this spell. I wouldn’t recommend trying it unless you are familiar with magic already, it literally says this is a last resort spell. If you are a Pagan or a Wiccan and you want to use this spell, here is the link: http://witchesofthecraft.com/category/book-of-spells/banishingbinding-spells/. I repeat DO NOT follow my instructions, please, if you are going to do it, then follow the official instructions. Thank you :)
Oh, Dean wasn’t going to survive this. He swallowed hard, trying to force himself to look him in the eyes.
“It’s just…that guy didn’t know what hit him. You were great, babe.” Dean nuzzled into the angel’s neck.
Andrew had spread himself out on the floor and appeared to be reading from several books at once. Every now and then he would glance up at Dean and smile, before going back to reading whatever it was that he reading.
“Would it hurt to a least hear him out, Dean-0? I’m sure the bitch –excuse me, witch- isn’t expecting us to return so early. It’s not like she gave us a time limit. We can wait for douche-nozzle to wake up and ask him.” He turned his attention back to the television watching a show. (Which Dean recognized immediately as Dr. Sexy, MD.) Dean sighed. He could sense he was losing this fight.
“I’m about to be.” he said, cheekiness evident in his tone. Gabriel decided he wasn’t going to grace that statement with an answer. He felt a second lube-coated finger at his entrance and bucked down, trying to get it in. Sam slid the second finger in, working it with the other to scissor Gabriel open. The archangel couldn’t help but throw his head back. He was glad once again (as he often was during sex) that he was an angel and therefore was prepped much quicker than any normal person. (That may also have something to do with the frequency in which they had sex, but he’s not thinking about that now.) In no time Sam is pushing a third finger in, stretching and opening Gabe up so sex wouldn’t hurt that much.
“Eager tonight, are we?”  He asked in a throaty voice, as he started to massage Dean, using the hand that was still in his hair to pull the hunter down to his mouth. Dean couldn’t help but to thrust into Cas’ hand. He nodded eagerly.
Dean had no idea, but he'd seen the two of them together before. At one of the office parties that Castiel never attended. Dean didn't know that he was there, but he'd seen her. She was beautiful, too. Tall and dark-haired, with big brown eyes and a figure most men would die for. Seeing her, with her arm slung through Dean's, showing Castiel everything that he would never be able to have with me man he was then only beginning to love.
“Well, Dean-o, I just assumed you didn’t want to walk fifteen miles.” Once Cas had quieted down, Dean turned to the other two men.
“Yes, sir, Captain.” Gabriel said, saluting him. Apparently, the archangel had decided that Dean was forgiven, at least enough to talk to. Dean went on ignoring him. Instead, he slammed the trunk and walked off, knowing the others would follow.
With tired sigh, he put the bottle back into it's hiding place and closed the drawer. He took off his shirt and tie, stripping down until he wasn't in anything save his boxers and undershirt. He crawled into the bed alone, curling up around the pillow with his arm under head. If he focused hard enough, he could still smell Castiel on his skin. The faint aroma, combined with the cheap whiskey in his system, is what finally lulled Dean into a restless sleep.
Castiel, as promised, was leaning against Dean's car. He looked up as Dean rounded the corner, a smile playing on his lips.
was going on with them, he just didn’t know what. It didn’t seem to be affecting anything, so he wasn’t that worried about it, even if it was a little annoying that he was being excluded. He could worry about that later, if they all survived.
He went slowly, allowing Gabe to get used to his (considerable) size. Gabriel was often thankful that Sam’s height wasn’t the only thing that was huge. Gabriel could feel every inch of Sam’s dick as he sunk in and he relished it. He relished being so
And just when they were starting to put the spell together, they heard a noise come from the general direction of the bed.
“Yeah, Dean-o. This symbol,” Gabriel held up a drawing, “was carved on a tree near Cas’ hiding place. I figured it may be something.” Cas looked at the drawing and started to wiggle, trying desperately to talk. Obviously, he couldn’t form sentences but he may, he just
“Shit, Cas…right there, oh fuck.” Dean whimpered, and Castiel thrust into him at the same angle. Dean itched to put his arms around the angel, but the tie was doing it’s job and keeping him in place. Castiel pulled back slightly and reached between them to grasp Dean’s cock, jerking him off in time with each thrust. Dean gave up all precedence of helping and just clung to Cas, his legs around his waist, moving his hips slightly as Castiel pounded into him at a relentless pace, nailing his prostate on every thrust. Dean knew that he wasn’t going to last long like this.
They get Andrew safely out of the door and about halfway to the exit point before someone notices that they are carrying a body.
It showed in the way he clung to Castiel as they moved together; it showed in the soft moans the angel swallowed with softer kisses; In the breathy sighs that fell across each other’s skin and in the sweet words that hovered in the air between them.
“Dean! Cas! Are you coming?” Sam was climbing into the back of the Impala. Dean sighed, both grateful and a little angry about the interruption. He turned back to his angel.
“Mostly because it would make me a hypocrite.” Dean said scathingly. “But also because…I understand.” Dean sighed. Cas reached and took Dean’s hand, lacing their fingers together.
and he couldn’t detect any deceit in the younger Winchester. And if it was something Gabriel was good at, it was reading people. Even in this form. Gabriel relaxed into Sam’s hand, and the man adjusted him until he was leaning up against him.
look at his hipbones. Dean’s gaze wondered down to his muscular thighs and then back up to his chest. Jesus, Dean had never seen someone so hot so close to him. Maybe it was the alcohol, but he suddenly wanted nothing else but to have this guy in his lap.
“Well, Dean-o, I think little Cassie’s first word was your name.” Dean glared at Gabriel for a moment but his eyes quickly turned back to Cas.
Dean knocked on the door, waited a minute, then knocked again. No answer. He knew Castiel was home. He’d seen the monstrosity he called a car in the parking deck. He knocked again, no answer.
“Food run.” Sam answered his unspoken question. “Amanda said she needed to get out of the room and everyone else decided to go with her.” He smiled. “I think Andrew’s developing a thing for her.” he said, eyes glinting with the mischief Gabriel loved so much.
The parking deck was suprisingly empty, considering the time of day it was. Castiel expected more people to be out and about, getting ready for the morning commute. Oh, well. At least he wouldn't have to deal with the traffic or the inconsiderate and bad drivers until he was out on the road. It would give him a little bit of a reprieve. He got to his car, a 1978 Lincoln Continental, was a source of contention among many of his friends and co-workers. Dean especially hated it, giving the car the unflattering nickname of 'Pimpmobile'. It amused Castiel to see how worked up Dean got about his car. To Castiel, the car was just something to get him back and forth to where he needed to be, and nothing more. Dean cared much more about his vehicles.
“I guess it’s possible.” Gabriel said.  Dean looked down at the baby, who had fallen asleep snuggled into Dean’s chest with his thumb in his mouth.
“I look forward to it.” Cas said, a little breathlessly.  Dean was leaning forward to kiss him when the door opened and Gabriel poked his head out.
“I’m sorry it’s been so…” Before the angel could finish getting the words out, Dean cut him off with a needy, desperate kiss. Castiel seemed surprised, but responded enthusiastically, wrapping his arms around the hunter and opening his mouth to receive Dean’s tongue. The hunter pulled away after a moment and sighed, burying his face in Cas’ shoulder.
Dean looked down to see that Castiel was still asleep, arms still around Dean’s torso and legs thoroughly tangled. Dean would have probably smiled at his boyfriends octopus impression if didn’t feel like someone was taking a power drill to his temples. So he carefully untangled himself from Cas and stood up, going over to his bag and pulling out a bottle of Excedrin he had for his purpose. He shook two of the small pills out into his hand and popped them in his mouth, swallowing them down without a drink. His mouth already tasted like carpet, cheap alcohol, and morning breath so there was no way it could get any worse. He gingerly turned his nose to his shoulder and sniffed.
Unlike Dean, Castiel liked to tease before he got down to the main event. He wrapped his hand around Dean's cock, stroking him slow and sure as he teased his slit with his tongue. He liked to make Dean desperate for it before he gave him what he wanted. Dean's eyes were already hooded, his hips twitching up in an aborted attempt to get more friction. It wouldn't take long before he begged.
“It’s Sam. Get up, we have a problem.” Dean grumbled and climbed out of bed, slipping on a pair of sweats as he opened the door. Sam was fully dressed, and looked unhappy.
“Shh, Cas, it’s alright. I’m here.” The little angel stopped and gazed up at Dean before burrowing into his shirt. Dean just smiled and held the angel. Although, he would never
“I…I still haven’t. At least, I’m not sure if I have or not. I followed her trail here.” He gestured around the room. “And then all those people started disappearing and I got scared that she was
“Look, Sam, we’ve been at this for hours. And we’ve got nothing. I’m not saying we should stop…but we need to form a plan and try to get to Casmiria. Without Gabriel, I’m positive it’ll be more difficult, but we can do it. I mean, we haven’t always had angels on our side.” He glances over at Cas. “Who knows, maybe she’ll change him back out of the goodness of her heart.” Sam snorted.
“I do. I do love you.” Dean says, his voice resolute. “And while we’re being honest, I have for a long time.” There’s a thumb on his cheek, moving back and forth as Dean smiles down at him.
“What do you mean? How did she get her powers back from a demon?” Sam asked, turning back towards Andrew.  Andrew smiled, looking excited now.
“It’s okay, Dean. Come on, let go for me.” the angel whispered. Dean couldn’t hold it back anymore; he threw his head back as he came with a wordless cry, coloring both of their stomachs with come. Castiel kept stroking him, swiveling his hips and working Dean through the rest of his orgasm. Just as Dean was coming down from his high, the angel on top of him stiffened, and Dean felt the angel’s warm come paint his insides. It was a strange feeling, for sure, but not unpleasant. It was actually kind of nice, knowing that Castiel was marking him, both inside and out.
“I hope this isn’t becoming a habit.” He said, his voice muffled by the pillow. Dean smiled and silently agreed. He was tired of Sam waking him up after glorious sex. Until this case, it hadn’t really been a problem.
Dean’s nervous, sure, but he’s had enough. He wasn’t doing anything wrong and he’s got to make Cas see that. He climbed out of the car and shut the door, pushing his way inside.
“Are you reading my mind again?” he teased, but there was a note of true curiosity in his voice. Cas shook his head.
Castiel broke the kiss and moved down to the hunter’s neck. The angel paused at the juncture of Dean’s neck and shoulder and bit down hard. Dean moaned and dug his nails into the soft skin of Cas’ back, causing the angel to moan in return and thrust his hips down to meet Dean’s. The hunter decided to press his luck and quickly returned the thrust. When the angel moaned a louder, Dean was sure that Cas was past the point of caring so he slid his hands down the angel’s body so he could undo his slacks. Once this was accomplished, he slipped one hand inside and started to touch his angel, pleased to find out that Castiel was not, in fact, wearing any underwear. The angel moaned and pressed himself into Dean’s hand.
But then Dean reaches out, touching his elbow to gain his attention. He looked up, right into those green eyes, and knew that he couldn’t lie, nor could he evade, the question. And honestly, he didn’t want to.
Cas woke up to the sound of the television. He stretched, and closed his eyes again, intent on getting more sleep. At least until he realized that he was alone. He hadn’t noticed it at first because of Dean’s jacket. It smelled like the man. Cas started to squirm, worried that something had happened to the hunter. He struggled to push the jacket off of him but it was too heavy. He started to cry out of frustration.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Dean said, and couldn’t help but to add “Especially since both angels are down to ride.” He reached over and took Cas’ hand. “We’ll go get packed, meet at the Impala in what…an hour?” Sam scoffed.
“I’m sure there isn’t anything you can do.” Dean said, and put his arm around Cas and walked them out of the library, leaving the very flabbergasted woman in their wake.
Cas stood calmly by his side as the rang the doorbell. He didn’t seem at all concerned with the fact that they were about to talk to the parents of a girl who had gone missing less than twelve hours ago. A pretty, middle-aged woman with red-rimmed eyes answered the door.
The next few days passed in an endless cycle. Wake up, coffee, shower, work, lunch with Dean, more work, then home. Castiel moved through it like a robot. Dean hadn't been able to come over any in that time, but he'd promised he'd be over tonight. Which is why Castiel was standing in a bakery, looking at the different pies they had on display. He wanted to suprise Dean with one of them, though he didn't know which one. Apple was always a good go-to, but nothing could beat a good cherry pie either. It was definitely a dilemma, even though Castiel knew that Dean wouldn't care. Pie was pie to him. He loved all of it.
Cas didn’t wait for Dean to get out of the car before he opened the door and got out, striding up to the room. Dean had the key, but Cas just disappeared inside.
“I’m fine, Dean.” The angel said, looking up at Dean. He looked down to the thin sheet that covered him and then back up at Dean.
Dean stood in the shower a few minutes later. He could hear Cas moving around in the next room. He had dropped a hint that Cas should join him in the shower, but the comment had apparently went right over the angel’s head. He should have known better than to try and be subtle about it. Cas needed to be hit in the face with something before he noticed it. He sighed internally. Oh well.
“And all the perks that come with it.” Dean said. So Gabriel was most likely going to have to eat and sleep and poop and they would have to put up with him. He was going to be insufferable, Dean knew that. He was already insufferable as a fully-grown angel – Dean wasn’t entirely prepared to experience him as a toddler-angel. Even if he did have ability to understand them, that didn’t mean he was going to listen to them. Dean was pulled out of his own thoughts by a loud, sad sigh from Sam. Dean put a hand on his shoulder.
Dean was in the kitchen, cleaning up after dinner when he heard a rush of wings and Gabriel appeared. Before Dean could ask any questions, the archangel spoke in a rushed voice.
“Dean?” he heard, and his heart stopped. Both he and Natalie turned around and he saw Cas standing there, two bottles of beer in his hand and what Dean knew as his ‘smite-y’ expression on his face. Dean let go of the girl in front of him like he’d been shocked.
“Let’s go, baby.” She said, taking Katie’s hand. “Momma’s gonna take you home.” Katie looked back at all of the men.
Cas apparently had the same idea. He started with Dean’s mouth, kissing him gently and then he moved on to his cheeks, his jawline and down to his neck. He spent several long minutes there, kissing and licking and sucking at all the little spots that made Dean grind up into him. From there, he moved to his chest, sucking little marks into his sternum and finding each of his nipples in turn, sucking each of them appreciatively into his mouth and rolling his tongue, making Dean whimper pathetically and rut against Cas, desperate for any type of friction. Cas was unyielding, nipping down his chest and licking over the muscles of Dean’s stomach. Dean was almost positive Cas left little marks there, too, but he was so out of his mind with want he couldn’t be sure. Cas experimentally dipped a tongue into his navel, and, seemingly pleased with Dean’s reaction, did it again. His tongue then found its way down Dean’s happy trail, pausing at the towel that he had honestly forgotten was around his waist. Cas gingerly peeled the towel off of Dean and threw it in the floor. He stared for a minute, taking in the sight of Dean’s length before he wrapped a hand around it and started to stroke the man.
It was early the next morning when Dean woke up. He was surprised at how much more entwined him and Cas had become during the night. Cas’ hand was on top of his, their fingers curled together and he was flush up against the angel, with one of his legs between Cas’.  He doesn’t want to wake the angel, and he’s incredibly comfortable, but he knows that he needs to get up. Sam would
“So…then talk to me.” Cas said, using his thumb to rub soothing circles in the back of his hand. Dean swallowed nervously.
“Dean.” Castiel whimpered, pushing his hips into Dean’s hand. Dean feels his own cock stiffen at the sight of Castiel with his blue eyes half-lidded in lust, his luscious lips shaped in a ‘O’ from the moans pouring out of his mouth. Every time Dean has seen Castiel like this, he falls in love with the angel all over again. Dean can’t help but lean down to kiss Castiel again, swallowing one of the angel’s moans.
“It was touch and go for a while, but yes, he’s stable. We gave him Naloxone, and he seems to be responding to it. He should be fine now.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief, his knees almost going weak. Castiel was going to live.
“Was it a witch?” Dean asked. Another nod. Dean was getting really excited now. Sam and Gabriel both stood back and watched him, trying not to laugh.
“I’m gonna kill him.” Dean muttered. Sam couldn’t help but grin. He could see how it was a little funny now. Sam heard a high-pitched laugh and he whipped his head around and saw Gabriel disappearing down the aisle again.
“I can feel you creeping.” Dean muttered, as he buried his face into Cas’ bare shoulder. The angel smiled.
“I guess we’d better get back. Thanks for listening, Cas.” Dean looked down at the angel, smiling slightly. “Let’s add this to the things we don’t talk about when you are back to normal, huh?” Cas nodded. He was glad that the hunter was in a better mood. Dean stood up and made his way out of the park, walking back down the street towards the hotel. Cas watched Dean. He was silent as they walked back. Even though he had just woken up, he felt sleepy again. This tiny human body required so much rest! Quite frankly, it was annoying. Cas yawned as they walked through the front doors of the hotel and was asleep by the time they got to the elevator.
It’s always been ridiculously easy to distract Dean with sex. Ever since they had admitted that this thing was real, that the casual touches and longing glances weren’t as platonic as they both had convinced themselves that they were, Dean had always, as he would say, ‘been down’ for sex.
It turns out that Cas and Gabriel weren’t hard to find. They were both leaning against the Impala. Dean huffed and ignored the pointed look Gabriel gave him. He went to get into the car but the archangel was blocking his way. Dean rolled his eyes.
“I was bored.” Cas admitted, whispering just as quietly. He moved one of his hands and grabbed Dean’s. “And I missed you.” Dean chuckled quietly.
“Yes, Cas, I’m fucking ready. Please, fuck me.” he said. Cas nodded and pulled his fingers out. Dean whined at the loss, but he could already hear the Cas opening the lube. He propped his head up and watched as Cas slicked himself up. He smiled at Dean as he positioned himself. Before he could even ask, Dean nodded and spread his legs. Cas took a deep breath and started to push in.
“You just gonna keep staring, or are you gonna…?” Gabriel broke off in a moan as Sam’s finger slid slowly inside of him. He could practically hear the smile on Sam’s face.
the angel even did. Dean heaved a sigh and settled back against the pillows. The hunter must have been far more tired than he realized because before he knew it, he had fallen asleep.
“It seems he has an….appreciation for park benches.” Dean smiled wider at the apprehension in Cas’ voice. “He’s at the park by the grocery store. I don’t think it has a name.” Dean reached over and squeezed Cas’ hand once. Cas caught his eye and smiled.
“Do you truly believe Andrew is in the wrong for wanting to drink away his feelings?” Cas asked. Dean hesitated, and then slumped in defeat.
Castiel broke away with a moan when he bottomed out. “Dean, you feel so good.” he whispered, peppering the hunter’s neck with light kisses.
“How much have you missed me, Winchester?” the angel growled, sending delicious shivers down Dean’s body. The angel knew that Dean loved it whenever Cas called him by his last name.
Dean sighed and threw the note down on the table. It was Wednesday, so that gave them what, one maybe two days to form a plan. Why was she giving them so long? It made Dean as uneasy as anything else in this situation.
“What do you think she is going to have us do?” he whispered, knowing she was still in the house. Gabriel shook his head.
“What is it?” he asked, curious.  He was a little afraid, as well, because it sounded almost like a ‘we need to talk’, but Cas is still smiling and kissing him and that’s not something that a person would do if they were gonna break it off with someone. And besides, things were going so well, why would Cas want to break it off? Was it because he’d finally thought about all the things that could go wrong or what would happen to them or what if he was just bored with Dean? Cas is an angel, he’s trillions of eons old and surely there has to be something boring about Dean and his meager existence and oh, God what if Cas it tired of him? What if…
The questions were whirling around in his head, making it ache. He wanted them to stop. He wanted to stop everything. He twisted the cap off the bottle, glancing down into its contents. There had to be about twenty pills left. Two handfuls, two swallows, and then it wouldn’t hurt anymore. Nothing would. He could just go to sleep.
They laid there until Dean’s bladder couldn’t take it anymore and he had to get up to use the bathroom. By the time he was finished, Castiel was already dressed and sitting on the edge of the bed, waiting for him.
“Yeah, but we don’t know if it’s her. Could just be some kids playing around, thinking ‘oh, cool, let’s play witches!’” He scowled.
Dean laughed quietly to himself, putting his phone back in his pocket as he turned back to his computer. As wrong as his relationship with Castiel was, he couldn't help but feel better when the other man was around. They clicked in a way he and Lisa never had. It didn't mean he wasn't a piece of shit for cheating on her, but he couldn't give up what he had with Castiel.
“All I know is that I checked on him three days ago and he was fine. I go back yesterday and he’s an infant.” Sam nodded.
“Don’t be naked, Sam! Our brothers don’t need to be scarred by your manliness!” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas deadpanned. Apparently, he didn’t understand the innuendo. Unfortunately, Gabriel did.
Not that it would hurt him anyway, but Sam always insisted that this was necessary. Sam twists his fingers and brushes Gabriel’s prostate, and that effectively stops all thoughts other than
"Nah, I got this." Dean said, leaning forward to pull Castiel into a kiss. It tasted like both of them, and if he hadn't just come, Castiel might have been getting hard again.
Jimmy worked him through it, pulling away just as the denim got to be too much on Dean’s sensitive cock. He licked his lips, hearing the music fade away. He shook his head, trying to regain his head. Holy shit. He’d just come on stage in front of God only knows how many people. He looked around quickly, seeing Jimmy collecting all the stray bills around the stage and even stopping to allow a few more to be tucked into his thong. Should Dean be tipping him? He didn’t know, but he winced a little as he reached into his pocket. Sitting down, it took him a minute to reach the money, but then a hand on his stopped him. Dean looked up to see Jimmy smiling at him.
Cas sat up suddenly and reached behind him to pull Dean’s fingers out, wincing slightly at the sudden loss. Dean gasped slightly as Cas wrapped Dean’s fingers around his length and stroked quickly, spreading the leftover lube along Dean’s shaft. Cas smiled at Dean and positioned Dean at his entrance. He lingered for a moment and then sank down onto Dean in one go. The angel gasped and stilled, his head falling forward as he took several deep breaths. Dean placed his hands on Cas’ hips and started to run his thumbs along the sharp hipbones there. Cas raised his eyes to Dean’s as he started to rock, his fingers digging into Dean’s chest for purchase. Dean moved with him, pulling Cas down at the same he drove up. All of the sudden, Cas threw his head back with a loud moan and Dean knew he had found his sweet spot. Dean bit his lip and concentrated on his angle, driving into Cas at the same angle so he could hit his prostate on every thrust. Cas groaned and started to grind down harder, his nails digging into Dean’s chest as he rode him.
“You expect me to help you, hunter? When your kind has found and killed mine for centuries?” She laughed again.
"Sorry, there's not an extra bed with both Jo and Sam home. You can have mine, though - I'm good with the air mattress." Dean said, even if he knew that it would wreck his back. He wasn’t going to make Castiel sleep in the floor.
“No problem, I hated her anyway.” He turned and started to walk away but stopped and turned back around.
He heard a noise in the general direction of the bed and glanced over to see Gabriel stretching his tiny toddler body.
“Dammit, Sammy, I was slee…” he started, but trailed off when he saw Castiel standing on the other side of the door. “Cas.” he said a little breathlessly. He wasn’t entirely sure how the angel had gotten inside the bunker but at the moment, he really didn’t care. A sudden elation had filled him at the sight of Castiel.
“This isn’t up for discussion, Cas. I said no.” he growled. Gabriel spoke up from the couch, where he was watching the confrontation. (And also eating a candy bar, but when
“I love you.” Dean whispered into the angel’s chest. Castiel’s hands stilled on Dean’s back and he looked down at the hunter, who determinedly stared straight ahead, purposefully not meeting the angel’s eyes. Dean felt a hand move from his back to his chin, forcing him to look up. The hunter did so rather hesitantly, worried about what he is going to see in Castiel’s eyes.
“Yeah, but we can’t. So get your feathery ass up and get dressed. We got shit to do today.” Dean still wasn’t looking at Cas, but he felt a
exhausted. Dean yawned. Damn he really needed to sleep. But Cas was sticking to him like flypaper. Sam looked up, sighed, and held out his arms.
“It’s alright. What’s up?” Dean asked, dropping his voice to a whisper. It wasn’t that he wasn’t happy to see Cas, but he didn’t understand the reasons behind him showing up.
“Gabriel isn’t a hook-up.” he nodded towards where Cas was standing directly behind Dean. “Glad you finally owned up to what you were feeling.” It was Dean’s turn to be sheepish.
Castiel frowned. “I’ve been here the entire time. Other than when I left to collect Andrew.” Dean got up and crossed to the angel, putting his arms around him.
"I didn't say I couldn't lie. Just that it wouldn't be convincing." Castiel retorted, downplaying the remark. He wasn't all that smart. He wouldn't be in postion if he was.
“Dean? Cas? I need you to open the door, and make sure you are decent when you do. We’ve got some….unexpected company.” Dean and Cas exchanged a look and suddenly they were both dressed, thanks to Cas’ angelic abilities. Dean moved to open the door to see Sam standing beside Gabe. Cas could make out a figure behind them but he wasn’t sure who it was until Sam reached back and pulled him into the light. Dean did a double take and reached out for Cas, who stared at the man in complete awe.
Dean knew that Castiel didn't mean it like that, but the other man's words still made his chest ache. As much as he would prefer to be with Castiel, Dean knew logically that wasn't going to happen. He didn't want Lisa to get suspicous, so he only went to Castiel's once or twice a week. He was almost positive that Lisa knew anyway, but he liked to keep up the illusion. He would cling to it until he couldn't anymore.
“I guess that’s my cue.” He stood up and made his way to the door. He nodded at Dean, then at Cas, and disappeared out the door, muttering something about brain bleach. Dean looked at Cas and started to laugh again. Cas stared down at the floor.
“There…is something else that…I wished to talk to you about.” He said. Dean leaned away and studied him intently for a moment.
Andrew was clearly uncomfortable having all of the attention on him. He cleared his throat and started to twist his hands together.
Dean was awoken roughly six hours later to a warm body snuggling into his side. He looked up and saw Gabriel and Sam standing by his bed.
“Cas?” he called, trying the doorknob. It came open under his hand, which tied Dean’s stomach in knots. Castiel never left his door unlocked.
he did it, and it isn’t your fault that you reacted. He’s your brother, Sam. He knows how to push your buttons.” Gabriel got up and walked over to Sam. “Besides, I’m pretty sure it’s Dean that gets stuck up Cas’ ass, not the other way around.” He bumped Sam with his hip. Sam rolled his eyes but Gabriel could see a smile on his face as he pushed him away.
about him. Dreams that Dean would almost rather die than admit to. Hopefully, though, tonight, those rather embarrassing dreams would stay away.
Unsurprisingly, they found him in the exact (at least according to Sam) place he had been yesterday, right down to the Jack clutched to his chest. Dean felt a pang of sadness go through him as he reached out to gently shake the man awake. Andrew awoke with a start, sitting up and staring wildly around him until he realized who had touched him. He gave them a sheepish smile.
“Up and at ‘em, kiddos! I’m baaaaacccckkkk!” Gabriel called through the doorway. Castiel waved his hand and both of them were dressed in boxers. Dean sighed, climbing out of the bed and going to open the doors.
He starts the car and revs the engine, counting on the others to take the hint. Sam is first, climbing into the back without a word. Cas glances over at him and then follows suit. That leaves Gabriel and Dean is fully prepared to leave him here.
“She turned you into a toddler, Gabe.” Sam said. The archangel’s expression didn’t change for a moment, and then he pulled away from Sam’s grasp to look at himself. He held out his hand and looked at it, stretching his fingers out and then forming a fist. He kicked off the blanket and then looked at his feet, wiggling his toes. He repeated his actions on the other side of his body and then looked up at Sam.
“Jeez, Dean, you’re such a pessimist.” Sam walked past his brother and started to load up his pistol. They were carrying all manners of weapons to the fight in order to keep Casmiria distracted while Andrew performed the ritual. According to him, it would probably take all four of the others to keep her busy. Conveniently, this also meant that no one could be there to watch Andrew and make sure he was doing the right ritual.
“He’s in a good mood.” Dean commented, as he turned towards Castiel. The angel was already dressed and packing up Dean’s duffle.
“Yeah, let’s do that.” He leaned back into his chair and felt Cas squeeze his shoulder reassuringly.  Andrew glanced around the room and heaved a sigh.
“What you call ‘creeping’ I call ‘admiring.’” Castiel said, nuzzling the side of Dean’s face. Dean turned his head and raised one eyebrow. Castiel stared back until Dean huffed and returned his face to Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek and then went to get up.
“Ladies, gents, you guys are in for a real treat tonight, my friends.” Gabriel said. “Because next up is our very on resident SuperStripper, going by the name Jimmy.” The crowd was deafening, making Gabriel chuckle. “You know, if I wasn’t super confident in the fact that you all came here to see me, I might feel a little left out!” The crowd roared again, making Dean chuckle. “That’s better. Now, seeing as it is a special occasion, Jimmy has asked me to do him a favor.” His eyes swept over the crowd, landing on Dean who couldn’t help but try and swallow the nerves building up in this throat. This was really happening. He was really going to do this. “Ken doll, why don’t you join me up on stage?” He asked, beckoning Dean forward.
“Cas…lube.” he panted, lust making his voice rough and low. Cas took one of Dean’s hand and brought it to his own mouth, taking two of Dean’s fingers and sucking on them. He rolled his tongue against them and made sure they were thoroughly coated. It was worth it by the way Dean’s eyes went wide and his breathing sped up. Cas opened his mouth and Dean withdrew his fingers, only to replace them with his tongue as he reached between them and began circling Cas’ entrance. The angel’s breath hitched as Dean pushed one finger inside him and began moving it in and out. Cas broke the kiss and threw his head back into the wall, moaning at the thought that Dean was going to be inside him soon. Dean’s mouth just moved to kiss Cas neck as carefully added a second finger and found his prostate simultaneously , making Cas whimper and push down onto his fingers.
He was in love with him. He knew that he was. He loved this broken, self-hating hunter, and it was going to kill him, simply because he knows Dean will never return the sentiment. Cas sighed, and then abruptly ran into Sam, who turned to shush him.
Dean finally forced himself out of the shower and grabbed a towel, drying himself off and then wrapping it around his waist until he could find him so clothes to put on. He brushed his teeth and opened the bathroom door, glancing at the still-sleeping figure of Castiel before turning to his duffle bag and rummaging around for clothes. He heard a muffled sound behind him and turned to see a sleepy-eyed Castiel blinking at him. He looked at the clock beside the bed. 7:01. Fucking
of calories today.” Gabriel said, appearing out of nowhere. Dean was far too used to this by now for it to affect him. The archangel winked at Sam and threw his arm around Dean.
“Oookay. Way too much information on my little brother’s sex life.” he said, putting up his hands. “Honestly, though, I thought for sure Gabe would top.” He glanced back at Cas, who looked confused, then back at his brother, who had blushed even deeper. Gabriel grinned, and produced a lollipop out of nowhere.
The first thing that registers on Andrew’s face is terror. It makes sense, I mean, who wouldn’t freak out if they woke up in an unfamiliar room with four other men all of which (with the exception of one) are considerably larger than they are. Andrew was no exception. One of those men happen to be sitting on another bed to the right, less than three feet away from him, one of them has frozen mid-bite of eating what appeared to be a hamburger, and the tallest one and the smallest one were stand beside each other, both comically seeming to make the other appear smaller/larger than they acutally are. The small one speaks first.
“Baby!” he yelled, jumping into the air and running towards his the Impala. Gabriel smiled and nudged Sam. Dean had hurriedly unlocked the car and quickly gotten into the driver’s seat. By the time Sam and Gabriel got to the car, Dean was petting the steering wheel and promising never to leave her again. Gabriel and Sam just looked at each other and then away, shaking their heads. Cas was sitting on his leg, having been deposited there when Dean got into the car. It took Dean 5 minutes to notice the addition to the backseat of his car.
“I think I crossed a line.” Gabriel said, deflating slightly. He sat back down in this abandoned chair. Sam didn’t say anything, and Gabriel took that as an affirmative. He may have to apologize to the broken hunter. Gabriel sighed.
“I’m so sorry, Cas. I know I say stupid things when I’m mad. I know the only reason you pulled me out of there was to keep me safe.” Dean tightened his arms. “I know I’m reckless. I…can’t help it. I don’t deserve you or Sam.” He took a deep breath. “I can’t promise anything…but I’ll try.” It was the least he could do after all he had put the both of them through. And he knew how he would feel if Cas died.
“I don’t know why.” he whispered. “I knew I had no room to talk, but I couldn’t keep the words from coming out. It was like…” Dean trailed off, thinking.
Hello friends! It's been a while, but here's the next couple of chapters. Things start picking up a bit here, with the plot progression and all. Enjoy!
hotel in Addison Wisconsin. The Happy Nights hotel sat just on the outskirts of the small town. The ‘H’ and the ‘T’ were peeling off – Making the ‘Happy Nights’ hotel ‘Appy Nighs’ and the middle-aged woman behind the counter gave them two rooms with the air of someone who had seen it –as well as everything else – all before.  She hands them the keys and wishes the four of them a pleasant afternoon in a bored voice. Dean immediately expected the worst.
Sam nodded. “Our old mentor found it for us. We’ve used it before.” He handed Andrew the written copy of the spell. The other man read over it quickly.
Casmiria screamed as she went up in flames, and everyone in the room was staring, flabbergasted at the figure in the doorway.
“I was doing some research, you know, looking for ways she could have gotten her powers back – because the binding spell we used was one of the strongest ones that exists and the only way that I know to undo is to untie the knots.” he said.
“I think he stayed up all night and just…crashed when Amanda woke up.” Sam shrugged, apparently not very worried. Dean shrugged and took another bite.
“It’s called a car seat, Dean. It’s what we put babies in so they can ride.” Gabriel answered sarcastically. Cas looked down at the little seat. It had all sorts of knobs and straps to it. It looked more like a torture device, if you asked him. A torture device that happened to be covered in flowers. Cas rolled his eyes. Of course Gabriel had to get one with flowers on it.
“Did you really drag us in here to see your boyfriend sleeping?” Dean scoffed. He didn’t notice how Cas had gone stiff beside him. With a frustrated sigh, Sam flipped on the light and Gabriel silhouette was thrown into full view. Only it wasn’t Gabriel. It looked a lot like Gabriel, it was true. If Gabriel been a toddler.
“We are, but they said to meet here first yesterday.” Sam said, looking at his watch. “We’re about an hour early. We should use this time to look around.” Dean nodded. Clutching Cas tightly, Dean set off to the other side of the house the others could call him back. He peeked in the windows and crouched down to shift through the flower bed. Standard garden (at least for a witch) : sage, black-seeded poppy, belladonna, foxglove,  monkshood, and mandrake.
“Is that so?” Dean asked, struggling to keep his voice light. Cas’ lips found their way to his ear and he sucked lightly on his earlobe.
“You think we are going to find her by ourselves? We don’t know anything about her! Hell, Dean, we don’t even know if it
He started to ease Dean’s shirt up, lovingly placing kisses on all of the newly exposed skin. Gentle, teasing kisses that had Dean writhing under the angel. Cas pulled Dean’s shirt up and off, tossing it to the side before moving to mouth at Dean’s collarbone. Fuck, Dean couldn’t take this. Cas was fucking
Castiel had no illusions about what was going to happen. If Castiel was lucky, it would explode violently, with harsh words and accusations, and Castiel could nurse a bit of hate in his heart to hide the hurt. But more likely, it would just...be over. No more phone calls, no more late night meet-ups, no more seedy motels that take cash in exchange for silence. It would all just be...over. After all, that was the way the world ended. Not with a bang, but with a whimper.
“I found the symbol. It’s from a coven in Wisconsin. They call themselves ‘White Thorn.’ And they supposedly have a knack for age spells.” Sam said. Gabriel raised his eyebrows.
“You already have me forever, Dean. But, yes, I’ll marry you.” Dean smiled and kissed Cas again before pulling the man into his arms, sighing happily. Dean buried his face into Cas’ hair.
The moment Gabriel shut the door, Dean is off. He wants to get this shit done. He’s never liked apologizing (even if he is wrong), and he’d like to get it over with.
Of course, that was before he walked in the door of his own home, to find his girlfriend, Bela, bent over the kitchen counter while an unknown man fucked her from behind.
It felt really good, actually.  Slyly as he could, he turned his torso so that Dean could hold him more absolutely, which he did, much to Cas’ surprise and pleasure. Dean moved his head up slightly closer to Cas’, so close Cas could feel the hunter’s breath on his neck. It made him shiver, sending delicious chills down his back. Cas moved his neck out of range because there was no way he was going to be able to sleep if Dean is breathing down his neck.  Slowly, carefully, he put his arm on Dean’s and entwined their fingers, which Dean also responded to. Feeling simultaneously sleepy, sneaky and accomplished, he closed his eyes in contentment and fell asleep.
that he could feel his dick, hard in the panties, rubbing up against his own. His hands flexed on the sides of the chair, aching to touch but Dean knew that wasn’t allowed. He couldn’t take his eyes off the man’s body as he was thoroughly worked over, his dick now fully hard and confined in his boxers and jeans. Jimmy noticed, leaning forward to whisper in his ear.
“Let me have control, tonight, Dean?” He pulled away and kissed his neck. “I want to make love to you.” he whispered. Dean’s heart was in his throat. They didn’t do slow, not normally. It was usually fast and rough, each of them desperate to get to the other’s bodies. Dean nodded and relaxed into the bed, giving Cas all semblance of control.
“Much better. Sexier, too.” he said into Cas’ chest. “Go to sleep, Cas.” He felt more than heard Castiel’s soft chuckle.
“I’ll be right back.” He whispered. Dean went to his suitcase, grabbed a pair of pajama bottoms, and went to put them on in the bathroom. Satisfied, he left the bathroom, took his jacket off and laid down beside Cas. The little angel scooted right up to him and closed his eyes, one hand fisting into Dean’s shirt. Dean smiled and put an arm around the angel.
“I suppose. Now that I think about it, Dean is probably waiting to rant to me about his brother.” He smiled fondly, causing Gabriel to roll his eyes.
“I’ve done it, but I never let anyone else. You’re the first.” he said. Tilting his head to capture the angel’s mouth.
"Why are you still awake? I figured you would be way asleep by now." Dean asked, concern coloring his tone. When Dean spoke like that, Castiel could almost pretend that Dean really wanted him. That he really cared. But if he did, then he would be next to Castiel right now. Not at home with his wife, probably sitting in his car so there wasn't anyway Lisa would overhear him.
“If it was a witch, then we would have to find the exact spell she used and reverse it.” Gabriel said, very matter-of-factly.
“Yeah, yeah. Eternal doom, I get the gist.” He strode past her and opened the door. “See ya.” He said, and walked out without looking back. He knew Sam and Gabriel would follow. He made sure he was out of earshot before looking at the angel. “You okay, Cas?” he whispered. The tiny angel just nodded. “Good.” Dean said, and opened the back door of his Impala to start strapping the little guy in.
“Let’s get this show on the road.” Dean muttered, and suddenly floored the Impala, heading back down to the road towards the motel.
Okay, they hadn’t ever done that before. And not necessarily because Dean was against it. They had just started it with Cas bottoming and then that’s what they did. Cas had never shown any interest in topping before. Sure, Dean had his reservations, but hell, Cas seemed to enjoy it and it couldn’t be that bad. Cas didn’t ask for much in this relationship, not really, and if he was being honest, Dean was curious about it.  In fact, the more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea. The intimacy, the closeness of having Cas inside him sounded exactly like what he wanted right now.
“Will…will he be able to talk?” he asked, looking at Cas as if he held all the answers. The angel simply shrugged.
“They don’t seem to care that people may be dying.” he said in a suggestive tone, smiling at the look his angel gave him. Apparently, Cas didn’t think that Dean’s statement warranted an answer. Dean reached out to the angel and pulled him closer, kissing him softly. Cas kissed him back for a minute and then pulled away.
He felt Sam’s hand on his back and he looked up, snapping out of his increasingly depressing thoughts. He had been so lost in his own head that he hadn’t noticed that everyone else had left the room.
“’Night.” he said, taking Cas’ hand and pulling him along, after the angel had said his goodnights. They don’t talk as they make their way to their room, taking comfort in other’s presence. Before too long, Dean was opening the door and letting Castiel in.
“Because that would be too easy.” Sam said, barely paying any attention to Dean. “But you’re right.” Sam closed the laptop. “All I’m finding are anti-aging spells and spells that have to deal with some type of RPG.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas beamed. He pursed his lips, seeming to think for a minute and then his brow furrows. “That was sarcasm, wasn’t it?” Dean nodded, even though the quilt was still surging through his body. Cas’ face fell slightly.
“Of course. Your… ‘friend’…” she said the word disgustingly, as if it had left a sour taste in her mouth “had the gall to turn me down before I had even propositioned him.” She laughed again. “Perhaps I acted a little rashly. I can understand why he did now.” Dean’s urge to laugh turned into confusion. The thought of Cas turning the witch down was hilarious, but why did she understand now?
“You do deserve us, Dean.” Cas murmured, leaning down to kiss Dean again. “One way or another, I’m going to make you believe that.” Dean shivered in anticipation as Cas’ teeth grazed his earlobe.
Dean broke away from Cas and let out a choked sound. He hadn’t expected Cas to already be hard, too. Cas kissed Dean as he moved his hands and unbuttoned Dean’s jeans. Dean grasped and pushed his hips into Cas’ hand before the angel even had a chance to get it inside of his pants. Cas smiled against his lips and maneuvered his hand to grip Dean’s dick. The hunter moaned and thrust up again as Cas started stroking him lightly, running his thumb over the tip to collect the pre-come gathered there. Dean let go of the sheets and grabbed Cas by the back of his head, pulling him down for a dirty, passionate kiss. Cas let go of Dean and withdrew his hand, moving back from Dean so he could pull the other man’s pants down and off. He sat back and looked at Dean, all spread out in front of him.
Dean stood there, dumbfounded, staring at Andrew. He looked at Sam and then to Gabe and finally back to Andrew. Sam’s mouth was set in a hard, unhappy line and Gabriel was frowning. Dean stood back wordlessly to let them all enter the room. He watched as Gabriel plopped himself down on the bed and started flicking through the T.V. Channels. Sam leaned against the wall and Andrew sat down at one of chairs at the table. He watched as Dean cautiously placed himself in the opposite chair. Cas moved to stand behind Dean, putting one hand on his shoulder. (Normally, Dean would object about the PDA, but he was so
“Move.” Dean grunted, rolling his hips and causing Castiel to moan again. The angel pulled out slowly and pushed back in, allowing Dean to get used to the feeling before he set a bruising pace, his fingers digging into Dean’s hipbones as he searched for the hunter’s prostate. Dean arched his back and almost yelled when Castiel found it.
“’Night, Sammy.” Dean said. Andrew didn’t say anything, just lifted his hand without looking up from his books.
“There you go, buddy.” Dean said, and moved him back so he was in one arm again. Dean went to the sink and rinsed out the bottle before carrying Cas into the living room.
As Dean took her to the ground, said tea tray went flying, the cups and saucers flew into the air, while the sugar, cream, and boiling tea spilled all over Casmiria, causing the witch to scream. Simultaneously, Andrew threw off the rope and jumped to the altar and started to light candles. Casmiria looked at Dean with wide eyes.
“I don’t know! I just…I-I went to check on him and found him like this! And-and he’s completely human! I don’t know how to take care of a human baby!” Gabriel screamed. The noise was enough to make baby Cas start crying.
“Is subpar at best.” he said. “I’m guessing whoever gave you the sigils were using outdated information.” He said, not flinching at the hate in her expression. “When you changed the sigils that would allow me to enter the house, you must have removed more than you thought.” He gestured to the candle holder on the wall. “And now, I’ve eliminated they rest of your warding that was dampening my grace.” For the first time, Casmiria looked fearful. Castiel couldn’t help his smile. “And you aren’t at full power. I’m assuming it was because Bael wanted you to hold up your end of the bargin.” He said, taking a step closer. “How does it feel to be insignificant? To be the least powerful creature in this room?”
“Exactly. We’ll show you how the Winchester’s do Christmas.” Dean slung an arm around his shoulders. “You ready to go?”
Also, there is the lingering problem of the witch that has taken and is still taking people and may or may not be hell-bent on revenge on them.
Dean was sitting in his office, attempting to finish some paperwork when his phone beeped, telling him he had a text message. Glad to have a distraction, he picked up his phone and read the message.
Dean swallowed. Of course it was. Of-freaking-course it was the same woman. She had probably been keeping an eye on Cas since she’d changed him. She had known who they were the entire time. Instinctively, Dean held Cas tighter against his chest. This did not go unnoticed by Casmiria. She seemed to find the gesture…amusing. Well, at least she smiled.
“Ho-how did he…?” he blabbered, pointing at Gabriel. “Bu-but these are…and then he…but now he’s…what?” The poor man looked so confused that Gabriel laughed at him as he handed him the clothes.
Dean wasn’t sure whether it was his own inexperience with feeding babies, or whether it was Cas’ inexperience with eating
“Oh, yeah. She must have gotten something – probably a demon, I don’t know anything else that would have the power…” he trailed off, looking at Castiel. “Maybe an angel.”
“Why not? Just pack some diapers and stuff.” Dean started to direct Sam to pack what they would need.
“Sam. Pick me up. I wanna walk.” Gabriel said, tugging at his shirt sleeve. Sam rolled his eyes and plucked Gabriel out of cart and carefully sat him down. Now that he was over the shock of seeing the archangel as a toddler, he was rather annoyed by it.
“Well, now that that’s all settled, what’s to say we go grab a beer, huh?” he said, smiling and grabbing Castiel’s hand, leading them all out the door.
“Mine.” Dean said again. He moved his hand down to unbutton the ill-fitting slacks that the angel always wore and pulled them off. Cas gripped Dean’s shoulders and pushed his hips upward in search of friction. Dean laughed breathlessly and moved his hands away only to replace them with his mouth, pressing wet, open-mouthed kisses along Cas’ cock through his boxers. The angel gasped and thrust towards Dean’s mouth as he slid his hands into Dean’s hair.
“Andrew Williams. I thought I’d never see you again.” She reached her hand out and slapped him hard across the face.
by Andrew’s sudden appearance that he allowed the small comfort his angel/boyfriend was giving him.) They all looked at Andrew expectantly, except for Gabriel. (He was still flicking through the television channels but Dean could tell he was listening.)
But ever since Castiel had told him that he’d never had a real Christmas, Dean had been trying to convince him to come to home with him for Christmas. Bobby and Ellen wouldn’t care, and Sam had heard enough about him that he was dying to meet him two. And this year he had finally succeeded in convincing him.
“It’s about time, kid! We thought you weren’t ever going to make it.” She said, throwing her arms around his neck.
Three hours, thirty two minutes and roughly 45 seconds later they were pulling in to another motel, just as seedy as the one they had left. Coincidentally, the
“Cas, it’s not even been five hours.”  Dean said, even though he echoed his sentiment. Cas gave Dean an unapologetic look and tugged him closer.
“No, Cas. It’s on backwards. You need to turn it around.” Cas looks confused and Dean takes pity on him and goes to help. “Take it off.” Cas complied, and Dean fixed the shirt. “Okay, put your arms through.” Cas does, and Dean pulled the shirt down and smoothed it into place. “There.”
Dean’s expression changed to one of disbelief. “Seriously?” he asked. They were alone and Castiel wanted to watch Doctor Sexy?
Gabriel tried to roll away from Sam, but the man wasn’t having it. He pulled him flush against his chest, as if he could sense that he was trying to leave.  Gabriel sighed and went limp, knowing it was useless to try and get away from his sasquatch-esque hunter.
“Lie back.” the angel said, and Dean obeyed, laying back on the bed and staring up at Cas. The angel gave Dean a wicked smile that sent a thrill of anticipation straight to his dick. Castiel started to rub his hands up Dean’s legs. The hunter wanted nothing more than to thrust up into his lover’s hand but he knew better. If he does Castiel will stop, and right now that was the last thing the wanted.
“My…my powers…noooo…I’m human now…” Andrew held the cord over a candle and the end caught fire. It burned quickly, having been soaked in Gasoline before they had brought it here. Finally, the last of the rope was pile of ashes on the carpet. Dean immediately ran to Cas’ side.
The first house on Dean and Cas’ list was Katie’s. Sam had seemed…reluctant to interview the parents of the missing girl, so he had given it to Dean. He wasn’t looking forward to it either.
“You’ve bested me for the last time, angel.” She held her hand out and immediately Cas started to glow slightly, he clutched at his chest and fell to his knees. Dean had pulled out his gun, but after seeing Casmiria unaffected by a shotgun shell to the heart he didn’t have much hope it would do anything. But he had to do something, she was killing Cas. He didn’t know how exactly she was doing it but his angel was in a lot of pain and Dean just knew if she didn’t stop he would die. The only thing he could think of to do was to tackle her and break her concentration. So that was exactly what he did.
“Sam.” Dean started, “This is, uh, Amanda Wilson.” Sam looked confused for another second before recognition flashed across his face.
“Come on. Let’s get this over with.” Dean said, brushing past Cas and leaving the angel looking confused behind him.
By the time Castiel bent down to pick up his phone, he had managed to get himself under control. It wasn't broken (thank God for strong cases) but when he stood up, he remembered Dean's jacket. He should leave it there, gather it in the morning, but Castiel was weak. He picked it up and returned to his bedroom, plugging his phone into the charger before curling up in the bed. Castiel knew how pathetic it was, but that didn't stop him from burying his face in Dean's jacket as he closed his eyes.
Dean winced slightly as Castiel pulled out, finding one of their discarded t-shirts and wiping both of them clean. Once this was accomplished, he stretched out beside Dean, cupping his face and pulling him in for a soft kiss.
“One more thing. How in the hell do we know we can trust you? You could just be saving your own ass!” Andrew shrank back.
“Gabe.” Sam said softly, taking the archangel’s face into his hands. Sam’s tone caused Gabriel’s face to crease into a worried frown (which was adorable, not that Dean would ever admit it). “I need you to not freak out on me, okay?” Gabriel looked confused again but he nodded slowly. Sam took a deep breath.
He sat himself on Sam’s lap, playing with a loose string on his button-up. It seemed to be what most of his time had consisted of lately. He swore that he had found every string on every single one of the button-ups Sam owned. (Which was a lot, just to be clear)
“We, well, Sammy and I, are going to take turns hunting for the witch and staying here with you, Dean-o.” Gabriel said, finishing the sentence. Dean scowled.
that was making the angel feel like that. The hunter found the abandoned bottle of lube on the bed and spread a little over his own fingers, then moved his hand to join Cas’ at the angel’s entrance.
“I’m glad we’re on the same page, then.” Dean rumbles, his voice low. He moves back in for another kiss. “I’m always gonna need you, Cas.” He reiterates, making Castiel nod. “Always. You’re part of this family now. You’re never going to get rid of us.”
Needless to say, Sam’s first reaction upon discovering that his archangel boyfriend had become a toddler was to go and tell Dean. Sam had barely had time to be thankful that he and Gabriel hadn’t done anything to warrant falling asleep naked before he was out of the door, intent on waking up his brother. It was an emergency, after all. Cas had popped in on them earlier and relayed that Dean, while upset, was perfectly fine. And after such an action-packed (or lack thereof) day, Sam and Gabriel had went to bed after sharing nothing but a long goodnight kiss.
“Do you want some baby food?” the hunter asked, placing  his half-finished burger on the table. Cas nodded eagerly and stretched towards the bag he knew was hiding his very own form of nutrition.
“You boys think I’m that foolish?” Casmiria said, turning to them from her vigil at the window. She looked at Castiel. “How are you still powered up? My warding…”
“I’m ready.” She declared. She turned to Dean and held her hands out for Cas. “May I?” Dean turned so Cas was facing away from her.
Dean was flushed and panting. He loved the way Cas was moving inside him, slowly bringing to him to the brink of utter bliss. Dean could feel his orgasm building slowly, the fire in is belly burning hotter at every thrust of Castiel’s hips.
Casmiria made a second big mistake when she tied them up. She didn’t have Lindsey search them, so Castiel’s ready-made bottle of Witch Molotov is still tucked into the waistband of his pants. And that meant that the rest of the group still had theirs.
All the worrying is completely uncalled for. For Christ’s sake, he’s still a freaking archangel, even if he is in a toddler-sized body right now, without powers, and he is still aware of what he’s doing and when he’s doing it. It’s not that big of a deal to let him carry a bottle of the Witch Molotov.
Dean sighed. He had always kind of found guys attractive…that wasn’t weird was it? He still loved women. But there was nothing wrong with being able to admire a pretty face every now and then.
“Ah! Fuck!” Dean swore at the sudden heat and tightness that surrounded him. He moved his hands to Cas’ hips and started off at a rough pace. Cas reached down towards his own dick and Dean slapped his hand away.
And now I'll take my bow. It's finished, but I don't think I'm quite done with this verse yet. We'll have to see. Anything that you think that I should write in this verse? Comment or message me. I'm on my tumblr is ivebeenpossessedbysatan, so...yeah. I hope you enjoyed it.
“Well, it’s actually a fairly simple ritual for such a powerful spell. The only thing you need is a length of black cord and generally a picture of the person you are trying to bind. Considering we are binding a powerful witch like Casmiria, I would suggest we do it in person, too.  It’ll be much more effective that way.” He was calming down gradually. “Anyway, first, you have to cast a circle, then focus on the anger and hurt Casmiria is causing to the world.  Then you say, in this case ‘Casmiria, I bind you from hurting others!’ and tie a knot in the cord. It’s standard to do it three times, but if you feel more is necessary, you can do more. Anyway, once you’ve done that you say ‘three times three, I bind you Casmiria’ and then you hide the cord so the knots can’t come undone. Actually, it’s best we burn it, that way they can’t come undone. It’s rather simple, but it’s old magic. That’s why it isn’t recommended for use unless you are desperate. I’d say you guys are desperate.” He grinned.
“NO! I don’t want to hear it, especially not from the guy who’s FUCKING MY HUSBAND!!” She screamed. The little old lady looked scandalized, looking from him to Lisa with a disgusted look on her face. “He used to talk about you all the time, you know.” Lisa said. “And when he stopped, I knew something was up. He would always avoid eye contact when I asked about you.” She was crying now, tears falling from her pretty brown eyes.
“Umm, Gabe, we have a situation. Kindly report immediately….umm…” Sam paused, “over?” Dean burst out laughing as Gabriel appeared.
“We should go to Sam and Gabriel’s room. We have a case after all.” he said with a little resentment in his voice.
Yeah, he was a bad person for thinking like that, but it didn’t change the fact that it was true. Speaking of, Castiel was giving him a strange look. Dean raised his eyebrow, and Castiel jerked his head minutely, indicating that he wanted to talk to Dean outside, alone. Dean gave him a barely there nod and then Cas disappeared, causing a violent reaction around the table.
“You really think I would put Cas in danger?” Dean growled, stepping close to the archangel. Gabriel stood his ground.
“What is it?” Sam demanded as they turned the corner. Gabriel smiled and nodded over his Sam’s shoulder. Dean turned around to see the woman from the hotel smiling serenely at him from the front porch.
“Cas…I wanna…” Dean stuttered as Cas brushed his prostate again. The hunter licked his lips and tried again. “Let me ride you.” he managed, rising up on his elbows to get closer to his lover. The angel paused, considering, then pulled out slowly and lay down beside Dean.
Eventually, Cas managed to convince Dean to go back to the hotel, seeing as they were both tired from the upheaval of the day. Dean knew that he would eventually have to apologize to Sam and Andrew alike, but for the moment all he really wanted to do was go to sleep with Cas curled up in his arms.
“Dean?” he said, his voice even rougher than normal from sleep. It made Dean’s heart clench in a fantastic way.
“Cas. You can wear what you normally wear, okay? Everyone is gonna be in flannel and blue jeans. Jo might put on lip stick if she’s feeling a little risqué.” He put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, forcing him to meet his eyes. “It’s gonna be fine, Cas. They already like you.”
“Isn’t everyone?” Dean replied sarcastically. “I still think it would be easier to just hand him over and be done with the whole thing.”
lose you. I won’t survive it.” He whispered, more to himself than to Cas.  The angel reached out tentatively to touch Dean’s back, and when the hunter didn’t pull away, Cas wrapped his arms around his waist. Dean sagged back against him. “You could do so much better, Cas. I’m just an old broken down hunter that’s living on borrowed time.” Cas pulled away and went to stand in front of Dean.
“Nooooo.” Dean said, reaching out and grabbing Castiel, hauling him back down onto the bed and throwing both his legs and his arms around the angel. “Just…stay. We can be responsible later.”
As he dug a little deeper, Dean found out that Lindsey had a record. He turned quickly to Cas to show him what he had found.
“I got them for two reasons.” Castiel had explained later, once his shirt was back on and they were passing a joint back and forth on the couch. “To cover up the scars and to symbolize me ‘spreading my wings’ when I finally left the church.”
“Come on, baby. Come for me.” Cas shuddered and suddenly Dean felt the angel’s hot, sticky release coating both of their stomachs. Cas’ hole clenched around him and suddenly Dean was coming, taking both himself and Cas by surprise. He hadn’t known he was that close. Dean pulled out slowly and collapsed on top of Cas, spreading the mess between them. Cas’ hands traced soothing circles on Dean’s back.
Castiel takes a deep breath, because he feels like an imbecile for admitting this. Because logic isn’t the primary factor. His own insecurity is. He hates admitting that he needs Dean to tell him that he is important to them. That he’s
“Katie’s in the car. I-I couldn’t just leave without knowing that you…” she paused, swallowing. “That all of you were okay.” she said. Andrew smiled at her knowingly.
“Dean. Please.” Castiel whimpers. “I need you. Now.” At night, Dean had found out Cas wanted to take his time. But morning sex was always rough and quick and passionate. Dean nodded and moved to grab his bottle of lube and a condom from his bag. He spread the lube across his fingers and rubbed it to warm it up before spreading it around Cas’ entrance. He felt Castiel take a deep breath as he pushed one finger in slowly. Cas groaned and pushed against the finger.
Once he had kicked the man (and Bela) out of his house, he’d driven to the nearest bar and started to drink. Of course, once he’d been there someone had mentioned that the strip club down the street, Hell’s Angels, was having a special on Valentine’s day. Half-off drinks. Which, to Dean’s buzzed brain, had sounded great. Get even more drunk on cheap alcohol, surrounded by scantily clad women.
A doctor came through the door and looked at him. “Are you here for Castiel Novak?” he asked, as Dean jumped up.
“It’s probably just Sam, I’ll get rid of him and then we can move to the bed.” Cas allowed Dean to untangle their limbs and rolled over, finding his own boxers on the floor and pulling them on as Dean did the same. Cas stood to move to the bed when he heard Sam’s voice through the door.
"Thanks, Cas. One of these days, you're gonna believe me when I say shit like that." Dean promised, his voice gentle.
“Mommy!” She cried, struggling against the girl holding her. Casmiria nodded at the girl and she released Katie, who immediately ran to Amanda. The woman bent down and gathered the little girl in her arms, tears running down her face.
“I’m not defending him.” Gabriel said, refusing to rise to the bait. “I’m not saying what he did was right, or anything. It was a dick move to pull and it’s probably gonna come back around and bite him on the ass. I’m explaining
It wasn’t as smooth as the first tackle. In fact, he barely managed to grab onto her and pull her with him to the ground. She screeched in rage when she felt herself going down again. Dean landed hard, on his shoulder, and rolled away, immediately onto his feet. He glanced at Cas. The poor angel was still unmoving on the ground. What if he had acted too late?
“We are the good guys, Amanda. I promise we are going to do everything we can to get you and Katie out of this safely.” She let out a sob and turned, burying her face into Cas’ shoulder. He caught Dean’s eye, his eyes wide with panic. Dean fought the urge to laugh. Sure, he didn’t like that Amanda was all over his angel, but the look on said angel’s face was priceless. Cas gingerly patted her on the shoulder, not knowing what else to do.
Dean watched Cas fight and ultimately lose the battle of sleep. As the tiny angel nodded off his hand curled around Dean’s jacket and his thumb went into his mouth. That seemed to be his preferred way to sleep. It made Dean smile. As he was waiting for the elevator he same lady from earlier approached Dean again. She smiled at him.
“Are you in there, Cas?” Dean asked, and Cas nodded vigorously, happy he that someone finally understood him.
As for the witch, well, she was powerless and last he had heard, hiding alone in the woods of Wisconsin. Her coven had dispersed after He, Sam, Gabriel, and Castiel had bound her powers, turning the witch into a human, with the help of one Andrew Wilson, a former member of her coven that had long nursed a seed of hate for the witch.
“No, actually, we did a little research on each of the victims and then interviewed their families.” Gabriel clutched at his chest dramatically.
The pills were in his hand before he could make the decision. Without Dean, there wasn’t any reason for him not to. He closed the medicine cabinet, pills in hand, and walked to his bedroom. It would be so easy. And no one would miss him. Would anyone even find him? How long would he lay there?
“He said that he would give me my powers back. All I had to do was bring him Sam and Dean Winchester.” She laughed. “The Black Cord Binding Ritual is a powerful spell.” she said, looking at Andrew. “Of course, that little bit of magic is nothing compared to the power of my new consort.”
Cas crouched immediately. Dean motioned for Cas to follow him and they scurry around the side of the house. Gabe and Sam take the other side and they meet at the back door. Dean drew his weapon as Sam quickly picked the lock. There was a click, and then Sam opened the door. The man was sitting on his couch in his boxers and a white tank top, eating ice cream and watching some sappy movie. He had dark blonde hair and dark brown eyes.
The water was wonderful. The hot water unknotted the muscles in his back and made him feel refreshed, even when it was used with the unscented, cheap motel room soap. He stayed in the shower much longer than strictly necessary, but Dean felt like he had earned it.
Dean climbed out of his car and ran up the steps. He slowed down slightly as he pulled open the door. As much as he wanted to, he knew he couldn’t run straight up the stairs to his boyfriend. No, the anticipation was almost as good as the actual sex. So he goes to the kitchen and heats up whatever Cas had for dinner and ate it quickly. (He loved it when Cas cooked for him, but at the moment, he was really rather preoccupied with the fact that said boyfriend was naked and waiting for him upstairs) When he was finished, he washed the dishes and then slowly climbed the stairs.
He knew that Dean would probably feel better if Castiel didn’t go today. But there was no way in Heaven, on Earth, or in Hell that Castiel was letting Sam and Dean go without him, even if Casmiria hadn’t made it mandatory that every member of their little group show up. He had to be there, if there was any chance that he could help them beat this witch.
