fucking embarrassing, okay, yes, I totally understand what you mean now." He was laughing, though, a grin aching in his cheeks. "But it's not something to be ashamed of, Sherlock. It was a new experience for you, you're entitled to feel confused and to be completely bamboozled by things you'd never felt before.
John cleared his throat. "Mm. Course."
The counsellor knew it. "You've never felt a connection to another person like this before?"
Shaking his head, John found himself leaning forward until he was resting his arms on his knees, raking his intent gaze over his friend as his mind began to turn, turn, turn. "No one describes the pains of wanting something as much as you clearly do without there being more to it than just the desire to be well again, Sherlock. You're trying to tell me something but you won't tell me outright. Why?"
He met the look head-on, determined not to be stared down by this man who he still kind-of-definitely wanted to punch in the face. “Why don’t we start with hello and work our way around to who belongs to whom, hm?”
Greg cast his eyes warily around the room. “I’ve always wondered if he’s somehow bugged the living room. Threatened to do it after I had sex with some girl on his armchair.”
John's mutter was meant for her ears only, but it didn't particularly matter or make any sort of difference. The words had been spoken. Sharon was already staring, open-mouthed, at her daughter, offended to the very tips of her fingers if the trembling of her hands was anything to go by. Jesus, this wasn't good. “What do you mean,
"What? Why are you
referring to your sexuality. I wasn't referring to that. I wouldn't, and I need you to understand this,
; this they had first discovered upon his reaction to the death of their family dog, alongside his foray into recreational drug-use. His more recent dabblings, extreme in their development and depth, were even more of a downfall (at least in Mycroft's opinion, though he was aware from the way that his mother now looked when referring to both Sherlock and John that she was absolutely thrilled at this show of emotional normalcy) and were certain to make for difficult times ahead. Mycroft had never, in all his twenty-six years of life, allowed sentiment to be a mitigating factor in any of his transgressions, and to see his little brother so brutally grasped within the throes of whatever it was between he and his playmate... it was concerning. More than concerning. Whether Mycroft wanted to admit it or not, he knew that – much like himself – Sherlock was a rare entity when it came to matters of intelligence and outlook, and he couldn't at all see a future whereupon this odd breed of friendship between the two students would end well.
The knock at his door was so quiet he almost didn't hear it; then again he was already half-asleep, so it was almost a miracle that he'd heard it at all. John raised his hands to his eyes, pressing his palms to them and squinting over at the door as he called out a muffled,
John's face settled into a half-hearted smile. “Yes, I guess you're right. I just need to figure some things out, timing and whatnot, have things I should probably do before I go gallivanting off to meet my new landlady... I'll let you know.”
The older man opened his eyes and met Sherlock’s hot gaze wearily. “Though I hate to use age or the natural biology of a human being as a point of explanation, it would probably be accurate to assume that were you, say, ten or twenty years older than you are now that you would not be quite so… emotional.”
surprising to me – and this is an answer to your earlier question too, if you were wondering – is that you actually found it within yourself to take the time and effort to get me where I am now. It... it's a mystery to me."
It was no surprise to Mycroft that Sherlock was well aware of his flaws, but it was still a discomforting feeling to have him be so open about it. Arrogant as he was, Sherlock's apparent introspection wasn't particularly enjoyable to hear. “Yet, from your own examination of the situation, your failure to uphold that duty is inevitable.”
"Please, don't." Sherlock interrupted with a sigh. "That is genuinely one of the last things that I want to think of."
"Yet here we are, days after his first and last high in a fair number of months and not once has he attempted to get more. Not once has he begged for something to ease his desire for the drug. My brother has no need for self-control most of the time, John, but when it comes to this habit of his... well. Self-control goes out of the metaphorical window, shall we say."
He was up off of the sofa and standing beside Sherlock's chair before he had a chance to remind himself that he didn't hug his friends.
"Look, guys, I'm sorry. I'll bugger off and -"
"Deeeniiiial," Harry sang, off-note and off-putting. "Come back to me in another month's time and tell me you haven't fallen head over heels for him. I'll give you my guitar."
important question but one that he absolutely had to get out in the open. “Wait, wait. In your story, you said that you started on the heroin when you were seventeen.”
It was almost laughable, the way William struggled, yet at the same time John could not laugh at this man who was trying so hard. He understood the struggle, even if their reasons weren't the same.
Slowly Sherlock tore his eyes from John's and fell to the pocket of his jeans. His long fingers slowly wriggled their way into the tight material to pull the plastic device from its trappings, bringing it up to his face and glaring at it in a way that instantly gave away the caller.
alcoholic."
to kiss you again."
The tips of his ears began to burn – oh, shit. That had been a quick segue. "No, not... no, I don't have a girlfriend, Mum."
"Oh, wonderful, is it time for photographic evidence?" Mycroft sighed and walked into the kitchen, coming back with a digital camera and handing it to his father. "How refreshingly different to every other year."
. "I..." He cleared his throat, frowning. "Are you sure?"
He did not kiss John. His lips lingered centimetres away, eyes focused completely on John's mouth as if he was trying to work out what had just happened and why.
...let his gaze flicker briefly to Greg, lids shifting down to narrow slightly as he acknowledged Greg's analysis. "If you really object to living here so stridently you are more than welcome to find your own place to live."
"There's a HUGE difference," she said eagerly, "and clearly you need educating."
Well. That was absurd. “I haven’t been
John flopped back down onto the bed. "Yes."
Then again, that's all a part of it, isn't it? Lack of energy, lack of motivation... your patience suffers at the hands of it too, if only because you have little to no patience to process your own opinions these days let alone the opinions of a total stranger to you.
It was a terrible thing to say. John’s parents were not perfect and, to be fair, he had never
"Oh, believe me, they don't need to know how to break people's hearts in order to do it. Sherlock has an entire harem after him from the class he lectures on Saturdays."
John couldn't help but give a short bark of laughter – god, poor Greg. Living with one Holmes brother and being under the thumb of the other probably wasn't the most pleasant experience… but, still, he lived here for free. There had to be
! Language, John's here!"
Sherlock's throat was tight. "Isn't this session supposed to be merely introductory? We've been here some time."
And so John takes a few steps into the room, stopping like he's been punched in the chest and then turning on his heel to face the wall; it won't do to let his thoughts fly from his lips now, not so suddenly, not when he hasn't quite found the words yet and behind them all is a burning rage that his friend, his best friend could not trust him
John's heart was almost uncontrollable in his chest. This was it, then. This was going to be the moment. It was too far gone to just walk away now.
It was John's turn to shoot a murderous glance, this one aimed directly at Sherlock's smug-looking housemate. "How much sambuca did you put in this, Greg? I thought I said last time that under no circumstances are you to pour my drinks for me ever again."
Bloody hell. The implication was obvious. "Well, she's helping them better their lives. People like that are always... looked up to."
"Take one more step, Sherlock," John warned, his injured hand lifting and pointing, "and I
“Of course you do.” She leaned forward, resting her elbows on knees and tilting her head to the side. “Come on, we haven't ever talked about this shit. Do it. Get it off your chest. You've been suppressing it for years, god knows what it's done for your psychological well-being and I'm pretty sure we can both say with confidence that you -”
"Yeah, well, right now I feel so out of place I'm pretty sure impressing your parents is out of the question." He looked away from the eldest Holmes brother, fingers playing with the hem of his jumper. "Should I come down?"
Clearly she
"Course it does." Harry was obviously grinning, her tone entirely changed. She was enjoying herself. At least somebody was. "My point is, she was totally obsessed and she wouldn't leave me alone for
“Escalated?” Sherlock frowned again at the use of the word. “You make it sound like a bad thing. Oh, well,” he added, his voice suddenly harsh, “I can’t blame you for that after tonight. No doubt you -”
The weekend passed with barely any contact from Sherlock; John was unsurprised and only slightly concerned. When the genius had eventually replied to one of his text messages it had been brief, insulting and still edged with the blatant suffering of a hungover man, pretty much informing him that were he ever to encourage Sherlock to drink anything other than water, wine or a single brandy again he would personally ensure that every good grade he managed to scrape from the self-proclaimed 'immense support' that Sherlock offered would be erased and changed on his record. John had known Sherlock long enough now to know that his threat would not be an empty one, talented as the man was at hacking into the school's academic system, so he replied with an equally brief and insulting affirmation that he would not ever encourage such a thing again, if only to avoid the sheer unpleasantness of the arsehole he had unleashed with such alcoholic beverages.
John's words were silenced by Sherlock instantly.
. The money
- but there was to be no encore. Sherlock Holmes would not play for this crowd again, at least not this year. He took the sheet music from the stand and instantly turned on his heel after what looked like a very small jerk of his head sent in the direction towards his family, walking past Lucas Halloway with a brief word of thanks as he jogged down the stairs and back through the crowd who parted to let him through and reached out to him in equal measures.
"Don't be so ridiculous, Tim, really!"
John swore loudly.
"I was..." He sighed, rubbing his hand over his face. "I assumed you would rather it was less... emotional."
"Not now?"
John felt that odd warmth around him again as William's voice came through the speakers in such gentle tones he could barely recognise it was the same person. "I know, John. It's all right."
He wasn't sure.
Had Sherlock so easily changed his mind?
, John! Let's go and do something, anything!"
He cut himself off from his intrusive inner-monologue and focused again on the conversation, keeping his eyes firmly fixed upon his mother. “I'm not exaggerating. I have depression, am depressed, am... struggling.” He took in a deep breath, putting down his knife and fork and moving his fingertips down, placing them against the edge of the table and pressing hard against the tablecloth. “I'm going to counselling.”
His eyes sparkled.
“I didn’t
John was not oblivious to the sheer heat of the man's gaze, nor was he impervious to it. His lungs constricted, a breath drawn from him alongside a word he had not considered relevant when considering the man standing before him.
"After that we kind of figured out that this was going to escalate and become something else."
to you..."
intense about household bills."
“I'm concerned about you, John,” the red-headed woman on the opposing side of the desk to him sighed, ruffling through the papers she held in her stubby, ringed fingers, “and I'm not the only one. All of your class tutors -”
"Yes."
He threw himself to the other side of the bed, trying not to let the persistent guilt still pummelling away at his innards affect his tone. “That fucking hurt, you absolute bitch.”
So, just to throw it out there: I'm carrying on. I'll need to stretch my writer-y legs a bit - it really has been a rather shameful amount of time since I've tried writing anything even mildly creative - but I'm gonna give it a bash. Goodness knows if the fandom has died down or not, I would be the last to know, but I'd like to give this fic a shot at actually one day being completed.
John's mouth opened slightly. "But... I mean, you don't have to, but I thought -"
"Fucking sickening," Harry mused, though her tone at least suggested that she agreed with Katie. John could feel his own cheeks burning quite as much as Sherlock's had earlier. "So I'm guessing you two are keeping this on the down low for now?"
John once again forced his closed fists to relax, dropping his arms to his sides as he delivered the last words they would say to each other in private that visit.
He felt, rather than saw, Harry's shoulders rise beneath him – a shrug, perhaps, casual to the very end, but possibly a general response to the tension which was now emanating from each member of the Watson family; he wanted to warn her, tell her not to speak, but he knew stopping her when she was determined was an absolute waste of time. “It's not exactly surprising, is it? Runs in the family.”
Sherlock’s voice came from behind John before the shorter man could argue, deeper than usual and quite obviously still exhausted:
"…Sherlock?"
within the parents who couldn't be more unlike him if they tried – it was odd to see them rounded in concern, warmth emitting from them like a hot water bottle. Sherlock had looked at him with a
As the idea settled and spread across John's awareness, a slow smile crept across his lips as realisation dawned. "You're suggesting a covert affair?"
"Don't make me cry, John, it took me forever to do my make up," she warned, though her eyes still seemed to glisten slightly, "but still, we need to get you finished up before I get too emotional. Here, let me do your tie for you."
John frowned. William had a social life? Since when?
"I don't understand," John stressed, putting his hands out in front of him as if to physically stop Sherlock's advance – then again, that might be his last hope of righting the situation, if it came to it. "I didn't say that. Are you drunk? Did you have brandy with Mycroft?"
"Considering the... breakdown of your relationships. If you were to allow yourself to play upon the idea of... of
It wasn't enough. John shifted himself slightly, breaking the kiss with a small huff of breath as he reached down to grab the duvet cover roughly between his fumbling fingers, dragging it from Sherlock's body and throwing it to the side before allowing himself a moment to take in what he had revealed of the slender man currently staring up at him with hazy eyes and slightly parted lips; the soft material of Sherlock's black pyjama top had ridden up slightly in the midst of John's seemingly welcome enthusiasm, a thin line of smooth, pale skin mocking him from his position above and dragging from him a sound that he was unsure he had ever made before – a low, raw rumble in the back of his throat that sounded so predatory and so very
"...really?"
"Oh, I just wondered if there was a reason behind the decision, an inspiration perhaps." Mycroft was clearly enjoying himself. "Nothing more than that."
Greg shrugged, helpless again. "Sorry. Just saying it like it is."
And then John forgot that he had ever had a single breath of resolve left in his body, because resolve was not important when the heat was still trapped in his chest but it had become something different entirely; he did not need to think of how or why as he grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt and wheeled him around, backing the man up until the dark, curly head hit the front door and John was leaning up to press his lips, hard and unforgiving, against the perfect bow that he had stared at more in the last few years than he was willing to admit. Resolve was a thing of the past as he pushed his solid body against the lithe, warm, unresisting form of his best friend and his lips moved fervently, desperately, heatedly in harmonising tandem to Sherlock's slower, sweeter, inexperienced rhythm; there was no real flow to his movements as his palms dragged over the detective's stomach and emitted from the taller man a deep groan in the back of a pale, white throat that he absolutely
“Hmm.” He eyed her for a moment, the creases in his forehead deepening until he decided it wasn't worth the fight. “Deal. So, essentially what I was thinking was that you – and you can't get angry at me for saying it, you wanted to hear it – you almost seemed to... to
it? - before muttering a curse and looking instead on the shelf above the shirts, rummaging through it until he found a pair of jeans and a long-sleeved black top, deciding that at least if he were to have another ridiculous display of ungainly limbs he would at least spill whatever he was drinking or eating onto items of clothing he didn't really give two damns about.
Face the elephant in the room.
Timeshare in Dubai?
John could only stare at Greg, at the open palms offered to him with this piece of scattered information upon them, a piece of information that he was now apparently supposed to accept and comprehend. The words couldn't quite click into place. The meaning was lost.
The only sounds in the room were that of the water hitting the stainless steel and the ticking of the clock on the wall.
“As it turns out, brother dear, I…” He laughed, an utterly fractured noise which had no place in the room whatsoever, “…I am just as weak. I am just as foolish. I have allowed myself the frustration and oddity of a relationship and it was not my choice, I did not openly make this decision to invite -” he spat the word, the sound of it shaping almost visibly in the air, “ –
“And when I leave tomorrow -” the sound of Sherlock’s grunt of disappointment rolled around the whorl of John’s ear, replaced quickly by a hum of contentment as John brushed his lips ever so gently against the cupids bow that so mercilessly tempted him every moment of every day, “- I want you to know that all of those things and all of the other little bits and pieces that make up who you are -” he trailed his kisses down, across Sherlock’s jaw and to the tender stretch of skin just below the genius’s ear, “- will be driving me insane from the emptiness of my bedroom.”
. Like a child.”
Sherlock’s own lips creased into a grin. “Not the best nickname I’ve ever had.”
“I can't stop myself loving boobs any more than you can stop yourself loving Sherlock.” The fact that she had used his proper name spoke volumes to how serious she was currently being; again, John found himself feeling alarmed beyond measure. “I know it upset Mum – I knew it then and I know it now – but that doesn't mean I could change it... fuck, it doesn't mean that I
"Your room. It's… nice."
"No. Take me home."
“Don't touch me with that, I don't know where it's been. And we've
"Ah." The lips that John could see twitched up into an almost insignificantly small smile. "Of course I am. And so? This is yet another part of myself that I'm seemingly unable to change and therefore something that you think to be...
Watson, J
A laugh echoed around the table, the girls in particular giggling to themselves at the potential double-meaning; Greg put his arm around the girl called Lauren, murmuring something to her that was no doubt utterly indecent and would likely lead to Sherlock spending the night downstairs. Sherlock did not miss it, rolling his pale blue-green eyes and taking a sip of his drink.
Sherlock felt the odd urge to press him. "You prefer this?"
"That's where we were when you started getting snarky. I'm a lesbian. What does that have to do with anything?"
"I wanted to be a pirate."
"Why are you talking to me?" His voice in the darkness – god, how long had he fallen asleep for this time? - was loud, too loud. He shuffled himself slightly on the bed and waited, seeing from the corner of the conversation window that the man was typing again.
John watched with curious eyes as the man named Lewis pulled out a considerably larger envelope from underneath his jacket, full of god knows what – John couldn't even hazard a guess. Sherlock took the envelope and carefully peeled the flap open, peering into its contents and giving a small, affirmative nod. "Thank you."
Sherlock looked at him as if he were stupid, his arm rubbing awkwardly against John's as he put the glass back down on the table, licking his lips. "There are a lot of people in the room, John, it's very warm in here. I was thirsty."
"...not so sure about your phrasing, but yeah."
John finally looked up, his face flushed pink from the heat rising from the simmering meat. "No, it's all right. It's a small kitchen. I know what I'm doing."
"How the hell did you get away?" John was gasping for air, wondering how the idiot was still standing after their mad dash from the observatory. "He was twice your size, he had you in a headlock -"
change it, even if it were possible. I love women, love everything about them and I wouldn't take that away from myself even if my life depended on it. It's not a choice, but even if it were, I'd still make it.” Her voice had taken on a quality John had only heard a small number of times before, mostly at times when she had been discussing his feelings for Sherlock with him –
was feeling than what my head was doing."
"Good strong name, that. Good to meet you. So you're a friend of Sherlock's, are you?" John nodded. "Glad to hear it. Looking forward to hearing him play later?"
Sherlock leaned forward, face still impassive but his eyes… warm. So warm. "As you sit here opposite me I find myself looking upon a man of immense kindness, understated empathy and a seemingly irrevocable regard for me that no human being before you has ever had the grace or courage to even attempt. Certainly I have never allowed such a person to get close enough to try. It would be fair, I think, for me to return the word you so generously allocated to me and say that, in fact, it is not me but rather
His teeth gritted together once more, an uncomfortable sensation for an uncomfortable subject matter. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but I
"John."
"Perhaps you're not suited for the straight life," Mycroft mused quietly from across the table, taking a calm sip of his wine; John felt as if the pea were still lodged in his throat. Tim passed him another napkin.
Sherlock stood. “I’m going to get you some blankets.”
"It would certainly explain why your first instinct was to assume that I had somehow snuck into your room and was hiding in wait for you, rather than reaching the more likely conclusion that I had called you through the instant messaging service and you had accidentally answered in your post-sleep stupor."
"No, I -" Sherlock's voice broke off; John felt the pressure on his chest increase, fingers stretching out until it was the palm of Sherlock's hand keeping the flannel pressed against his chest, felt his stomach leap a little too dramatically as the very tips of Sherlock's fingers brushed accidentally against his bare skin – he held his breath without even thinking about it, waiting, right hand clenching into a fist. "I need to... we need to get the shirt off now."
man who was so warm and welcoming and offered him a stability that Sherlock could not? How could John, in his right mind, find Sherlock a better choice for his confidant? He knew himself to be unfailingly unpleasant. True, he had softened somewhat in the last month or so, but that meant nothing. First impressions, as he had said the first time he met John face-to-face, were impossibly important. And he had not made a good one.
"Mm. Probably."
"Really?" Brooke's eyebrows were raised, looking quite genuinely surprised. "How delightful. You've never heard anything quite like it."
John's lips twitched at Sherlock's struggle. "It's not like it was speed-dating, Sherlock."
"Oh, of course." Sherlock's small grin was almost infectious as he snapped more photographs, barely looking at what he was taking pictures of as he seemingly focused his entire attention on the so-called conversation. "I hope you remembered to use baby powder with your nappy tonight, John, otherwise you'll be quite as uncomfortable as my dear brother there."
"Mycroft, it's Greg. Yeah, well, Sherlock might have just found out that John knows about -" He cut off, his expression changing from concerned to slightly embarrassed. "I know, but John was – yeah, I get that, but I – all right, there's no need to throw around insults, we kind of have – no, he didn't. No. Haven't got a clue. He's here, hang on -" He turned to John. "Any idea where he might go?"
His stomach gave another twist, butterflies battling discomfort. His grin twisted into a smaller, awkward smile, feeling as if William could see through the screen and knew exactly what he was doing, how he was feeling. "Is it?"
"I was teasing you, John, not actually inferring that you have a romantic interest in me. I was merely playing out the last remnants of my revenge against you, nothing more than that."
"I'm still here."
Mr. Holmes peeped from behind his newspaper, eyes sparkling. "Sorry, John."
William made a noise halfway between a groan and a sigh. "Only stupid people."
"He's not -"
the same thing, Sherlock. You can't even compare the two. Sex is... yeah, no comparison. Sex wins. Criminal activity... doesn't quite cut it."
Lauren looked between them with narrowed eyes. "What, this is about your weirdo housemate? What's he done now?"
Though Sherlock still held the paper in front of his face, his eyes were not focused as he apparently considered John's words. The older man was not oblivious to the sheer effort that seemed to go into not looking at him; Sherlock was an observer. It was probably even more uncomfortable for him to
talent."
the point of this, if you're not too distracted breaking into a listed building to answer?"
"Clearly that is not always a good thing."
you to go alone, I merely think it would be more beneficial for youemotionally were you to partake on this journey without the pressure of having me there to constantly and consistently worry about. It’s not personal -”
"Well, if she's anything like you she'll have tons of them at her doorstep." She flashed him a smile. "She'll be beating men away with a stick!"
He waited, slightly impatient, as William worked silently to find the right words; when they came, however, it was not what he had expected:
"Your counsellor." Sherlock glanced away and down at the laptop screen and the study plan he'd been going over for the last twenty minutes. "He's probably wondering what's happened to you."
Oh, god. "Yeah, great. I mean, she doesn't have to come here, I can always go and visit her and Ka-" He cut himself off mid-sentence, realising the very worst thing he could do was bring up Harry's girlfriend barely ten minutes into his visit. "I could visit her in London, she doesn't have to travel all the way here. Public transport's a nightmare."
John was struggling to keep up, breathless and dizzy and all kinds of not all right as he stumbled out onto the pavement; his hand was still tightly clutched to his heaving chest, his eyes closing and relishing the scent of clean air as he fought to keep himself upright. "Fine. I'm fine."
"Are absolutely none of your business, Mummy," Mycroft's voice cut across John as he came into view from the dining room, hands in his pockets and brow curved. John had never been so happy to see the man in his entire life. His palms were sweating. "Really, he's been here barely two days and you're already terrorising him."
In Harry's defence, she
"William," he managed to push out, voice cracking awkwardly from the tightness in his throat.
Sherlock stopped too, turning his body slightly towards him. "It was an easy deduction. Your tone upon my bringing it up was quiet, pained. You frowned, even if momentarily, and your fists clenched in your pockets despite it being a relatively innocuous question. Clearly you don't like to talk about it because the other person you've slept with most likely broke up with you, probably just before you started at university."
Her eyes, darkest brown and nothing like his own, were sparkling. "Oh, be on with you. You like her, enough to tell me about her – you must have more to say about her than that!"
He hears the light footsteps approaching before he can even realise his hope is a foolish one. He doesn’t need to look around to know there’s a hand stretching out toward him, John reaching out --
John's voice in the darkness. "I didn't say that."
He wasn't sure if Mycroft really did see or if he was just realising that John was reaching a point where he wouldn't offer anything new to the conversation. He figured it was the latter. Mycroft wasn't an idiot.
"I mean it, John." Sherlock forced his gaze up, eyes fiery. "Don't interfere."
John nodded, relieved. "Yeah. Yeah, no point keeping the charade going when there's no need to exaggerate the situation anymore."
The room came back to him in a cold rush; his body felt odd, almost as if it were not quite attached to the rest of him. "What?"
As the evening drew to a close and all of the washing up had been completed, Mycroft heading up the stairs to bed and Tim and Sherlock still at the table discussing something to do with the pros and cons of leaving a glass of brandy to 'breathe' before drinking it, John found himself standing alone in the kitchen with Mrs. Holmes as she hummed along to the radio and scrubbed at the rather dirty stove; naturally she had refused any offer of help, instead asking questions about his family and his plans for after university, seemingly genuinely interested and enthusiastic.
He smirked.
A grin spread across Greg's face, his eyes still round with incredulity as he looked at John as if trying to assess some sort of second meaning to his words. "You – John. Come on. You know what's going on here, surely. Even
this place?"
"Do you always do what Mycroft tells you to do?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John grimaced, texting back quickly.
Sherlock allowed his eyes to drift to the ceiling in impatience before flickering his gaze back down to the pack of uncooked chicken breasts in front of him. "I'll try to keep it in mind. Now, what is it I'm doing with these?"
“Well, all right, not quite the same, but that’s sort of my point. Imagine someone trying to push you into talking about that loss, but then... multiply it by about ten thousand. And then again. And again.”
"I -"
“Why would I ever want to do that?” Sherlock, despite having seemingly made the decision to leave the room, allowed his body to turn slightly further inwards to face Mycroft. “You know perfectly well that it wouldn't do either one of us any good.”
"Red wine."
"Take me home with you. You take care of it. You take care of me."
"Please, John, I'm a graduate chemist. If anyone can handle ingredients and a naked flame around here, it'll be me."
, Sherlock, and I can't do it with one hand!" John's eyes flew up to meet Sherlock's, irritation at his incapability to do such a simple task flowing freely into the room, making no effort to stop it. "You could help me, you know!"
"Kissing," Sherlock clarified.
"I know, keep drinking your water."
"I'm not so sure that would be appropriate..."
, his eyes travelling back up to Sherlock's odd expression and noting the slight sheen of sweat shining on his skin – wait, why was he sweating? It was only about six degrees Celsius outside and the man wasn't even wearing a coat, just the polo shirt and the jeans, nothing protecting him from the chilly night air. Even with the long sleeves... it was insane. John's eyes narrowed, darting back up to Sherlock's face.
“Because you being a bum-basher means you're just as much a fuck-up to them as I am, and that pleases me in a way you will
Everyone around the table quickly pointed their fingers to the ceiling, some laughter as the slightly more inebriated of the group took a little more time to realise what was going on; Sherlock's hands remained around his glass, brow furrowed, looking completely bemused.
All pairs of eyes drifted to the empty seat next to John; John tried to keep his face neutral.
"Don't be silly, you're a gue-"
"Of course," she clarified brightly, pouring gravy over her vegetables, "they'd send out a search party if we didn't! John, dear," she turned to him slightly, handing him the gravy boat, "you'll come too, won't you?"
The deep voice practically vibrated its way across the air to him.
Sherlock glanced at John, his low mutter falling into the space between them. "I'm holding you personally responsible if I end up vomiting tonight, John Watson."
It wasn't intentional, the words, he had not meant to say them but they had slipped out like embers needing air and, in this case, Sherlock was the oxygen: his words were nothing more than potential and they could only be real and true and blazing if Sherlock was willing to breathe life into them and make them more than just
"Well maybe you just want to fail all of your classes, then!" They were practically shouting now, their words echoing off of the walls and back at them. "Fine, go, that's fine! Go and wallow in your depressive little pit, go and crawl back into your hole, see if it makes any difference to me!"
“I didn’t say that you yourself were pathetic, simply your attempt to mask your actual motivation behind finally taking a well-needed step towards recovery.”
come and say goodbye before you leave, Wanda, won't you?"
John picked up the pack of mince without looking at the dark-haired man who was now staring at him with all the ice of the Arctic, holding it in both hands. "So. You cut up the peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes and I'll start cooking the meat."
The music, the sound of people and the clinking of glasses were the first things he noticed – he realised later that this was most likely a response to the sheer shock of it all, a culture shock, a lack of everything that he recognised from his own life and the addition of everything he had never sought out or pined for. There were richly-dressed couples all over the hall, talking in small groups and laughing gaily as they accepted tall flutes of champagne from straight-backed waiters, the gentle melody of a grand piano playing in the very centre of the room on a raised platform drifting in and out of their conversations as if it were of little consequence. There were at least a hundred people in there already, and the ballroom – though stunning to view and large by any standards of a room – was surely only big enough for one hundred and fifty at most. John found that he was almost latching himself onto to the back of Mycroft's tails in order to stay with the family-minus-one, feeling almost like a child in the wake of all the things he was seeing and was going to experience.
"Then you're under a misapprehension." Her words were almost stern. It was better than the warmth. "It takes strength, not weakness, to open up to someone."
A grin cracked John's pirate-y facade. "And from what I hear you've been looking for a long time."
"Look, just because I don't understand why you feel any sort of attraction towards me -"
Hands shaking, John forced himself to breathe deeply through his nose, trying to distance himself for a moment; the surge was coming on again, that rage of frustration zipping up and down his arms and through his chest as he practically attacked his keyboard with his fingers. He considered closing the conversation window, considered closing the whole damned laptop down so that he could avoid talking to this poisonous ass -
"Never in your life have you followed through with something just because someone told you to." He waited to see if Sherlock would respond to that statement alone; he didn't. "And yet here you are, playing a drinking game
"At least you know what you're doing if you give him a hand job, you know what feels good -"
He stepped out, pulling the door closed behind him. "William!"
Mind fuzzy and his head barely able to comprehend, John blinked at the brightly-lit screen in front of him. The man wasn't even there. Observant he may be,
The inflection on the ‘you’ was odd, should have made John feel uncomfortable but – almost as if proving what Sherlock had said – instead he felt a surge of warmth through his veins, a gentle tingling where there would usually be discomfort at the implied intimacy. A thought crossed his mind, a small chuckle escaping his throat; Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, body visibly tensing.
Too close to the bone. "Not up for discussion."
John stared at him, dumbfounded. "Yeah. None of this is really inspiring me with much confidence."
loudly, John. Why don't you just ask me?"
He could barely bring himself to but, from somewhere inside of himself, he raised his head and looked his mother straight in the eyes; it was terrible. It was... familiar. They'd taken on that dead-eyed glaze, the haziness of cutting off from the moment, the same look she'd had so,
"I don't want to talk about it," Sherlock replied shortly, not bothering to raise his voice despite the breeze trying to carry his words off in the opposite direction to John, "and I'd appreciate it if you left me alone."
Fifteen minutes later, John rapped his knuckles lightly on the door of 221 Well Place and waited.
"Fuck indeed." He didn't know what else to say. "So that's... that."
“Calm down first. Take a deep breath and calm yourself. You’re acting like a foolish, hormone-ridden teenager and you need to stop.” Mycroft hesitated for a moment, realising what he had said; Sherlock laughed dryly, shaking his curly head.
Good afternoon, John.
"I didn't insult you, in fact if you recall what I
Once more Sherlock looked away, the usual dance of gazes that John still wasn't used to making him feel as if he couldn't quite keep up. The man was impossible to read sometimes. "I'm not intense, just focused."
John's hands were beginning to shake; the vulnerability was back, revelations bringing about the same old reactions. "No."
"I wasn't planning on it," Sherlock responded with a tiny smile, shaking his head. "I... well. I'm still awake. So you might as well stay and... entertain me."
John stared, disbelieving, as the interior of the car. This man had opened the door for him. He called him sir. He was putting his suitcase in the boot for him. Just how rich
He sent it with a hard tap to the screen, his leg starting to bounce beneath the table as he stared intently at his screen without a single thought to the students around him or the lecturer who was still going on about something that he no doubt already knew. Two minutes. Three. Four and a half.
He could hear the grin in Harry's voice. "Yeah yeah. Seriously though, what's going on? You never want to talk to me."
"Hush," Wanda repeated, a small smile crinkling at the edges of her eyes. "You know your father and I support you regardless of what you choose or don't choose to do. To be honest, Mycroft, we don't feel that we
Sherlock shrugged, narrowing his eyes. “Then what’s the problem?”
" The taller man's lips twitched. "I didn't realise this was a date, John, I would have worn a nicer shirt if I'd known."
John frowned in the darkness. "It's not funny, Sherlock, I'm being serious."
“Wild horses couldn't stop me.”
"And pay rent?" Greg waved the idea away with a bark of laughter, reaching out and grabbing the cherry vodka and moving back towards a still-frozen John. "Bugger that. You're a
Something flickered behind Sherlock's eyes – a wall, perhaps, a quick burst of desire to protect himself from someone who now knew something he considered to be personal information – but John met it head-on; he fought it out with his naturally open, honest gaze of mottled blue-brown, not wavering as he waited for Sherlock to respond, waiting for a reaction whether it would be positive or defensive. He considered over and over the idea of reaching out, literally, but luckily Sherlock finally offered him a response before he had a chance to embarrass himself.
of a patient man, one might even go as far as to call him
It was absurd.
"You knew
knew, was that when Sherlock had stopped dead just inches from him it had been
"But my understanding of love is that it is only worth giving if you are willing to make sacrifices in the name of it."
"Fucking hell," Greg muttered, walking out of sight. "You got the JD though, right? And the sambuca?"
Triumphant, Sherlock gave a small, smug grin. “Just as I thought. Age doesn’t make any difference, John. Granted, if I were ordinary or what you consider to be normal I would probably have a larger influx of hormones than you currently do, however I’ve never been affected by them and I am exactly the same person as a self-confessed nineteen year as I would be if I were your assumed twenty-six year old. It changes nothing.”
"You ready to get this party star-"
"No, but..." He broke off, clutching at words; his head was starting to hurt and all of this made no sense whatsoever when considering Sherlock's deductions earlier. "All that stuff you said, about the... the enjoyment... pupils, fast heart-rate..."
Another grunt; Sherlock was in no mood to tease, much less be teased. His nerves we so oddly frayed and his head so ridiculously impregnated with nonsense that his patience was vastly limited, if he currently had any grasp of patience at all; that remained to be seen, and goodness knew that if anyone would gaily attempt to push it to its boundaries it would be none other than Mycroft Holmes.
"Right."
about it!"
"I have no doubt, but then I don't like you because you're easy to get on with."
Wanda's intake of breath was painfully audible.
"All this nonsense about being dull and whatever you were planning on saying before I interrupted you earlier – about not even understanding why I even want to be your friend. I know you well enough to know you don't suffer from any particular brand of low self-esteem, you're relatively well balanced and consider yourself to be a good sort of person, so this drivel about not thinking you're
He recognised the silhouette behind the frosted glass before he'd even unlocked and yanked open the door.
At that, Harry disconnected the line and John was left with a small grin, a quiet beep and the sound of silence in his ear; it was not entirely unwelcome, but at the same time he suddenly found himself wishing again that he was not alone, that he had someone with him to keep him company.
"Okay. Well. Goodnight then, William. Thanks for... y'know. Calling."
A wave of something impossibly warm yet immobilising surged through his body, freezing him in his place by the switch.
"We'd better go inside."
"I'm serious, we're going to end up getting found out and I
"Oh, it's absolutely necessary when you have reactions like that," John joked lightly, the sly hand now nudging against his leg properly, though whether it was an intentional nudge or an attempt to get closer Sherlock was unsure. "Does it really make you that uncomfortable to imagine?"
"The only clean flannel I could find was white. I'll just throw it away afterwards."
"It's as I've already explained – I had never had any desire to speak to anyone on a personal level before. The idea that you were so intriguing to me for no rhyme nor reason was intensely confusing for me and I suppose I hoped that seeing your face and seeing more than just words on a screen would take the power out of it, as they say. I was immensely frustrated. Having access to that photo was supposed to help."
The truth was that John, poetic as it was, felt almost like a ship without an anchor. Or perhaps not; perhaps it was closer to the feeling of being anchored in place rather than being cut free to sail and go wherever he wanted – yes, that was more like it. He felt limited, his liberty stolen from him as he sat rusting in the water. He hadn't capsized, he wasn't drowning, but he was stuck. Static. No way of moving forward. It was worse than if he was drowning because, at least if he was beneath the water, he wouldn't have to face the reality of the situation as it was. Sherlock's parting words – yet again accusing him of ignorance – rang deep and heavy in his ears and reminded him that the man had stated his wish to never lay eyes upon him again... and that in itself was an absurd consideration. He had spent the most fulfulling, invigorating time of his university experience with Sherlock Holmes and now he was expected to continue moving forward without him. It seemed an impossible task. Everything seemed impossible.
John did not want to be reminded of his ex-girlfriend. "I remember her, and this is totally different. The feelings are different."
"And?"
"Harry, for fuck's sake…"
John stepped out into the hallway and padded his way slowly down the stairs; to his surprise the whole Holmes family was in the kitchen, dressing gowns aplenty and each one of them seemingly busy with helping to cook breakfast. Tim, mumbling to himself, was poking at some bacon frying in the biggest frying pan John had ever seen; Wanda, humming along to the radio, was cracking eggs onto yet another frying pan; Mycroft was lingering by the toaster, flicking through something on his phone – work, no doubt; and then there was Sherlock, messy hair completely untamed, buttering the toast that was already sitting on the countertop and glancing up as John stepped from the stairs and looking as if he were the epitome of a rabbit caught in headlights.
He had to know. He had to know if there was any possibility that John would eventually come to realise, if not his own possible feelings, then at least the reality of Sherlock's.
A deep, recognisable voice. John shifted slightly, suddenly aware that he was lying down. His eyes were closed, too. Hm.
"Fine, fine! I told him that it was obvious where this was going and that needed to realise what the fuck was going to happen and do something about it."
He barely had a chance to put his phone down when the screen lit up.
The voice that interrupted sounded horribly polite. "Please forgive me for being so thoughtless. Of course I understand that your depression is not something on which silver linings can be considered. Please accept my apologies, John."
She blinked, lips opening; he saw the glistening tip of her tongue as it dried out quickly, too quickly – yes, she was most definitely not comfortable with him. Her outward actions and words said otherwise, she had been doing this a long time and knew what she had to do, but the little things were giving her away. Not that she was aware of this. Nobody ever was.
“Sherlock?”
Forcing what he hoped was a believable smile, John stopped in the middle of the path and looked into the face of his best friend, the familiar pressure of desire to avoid all things social weighing like an anchor in his stomach. "Mike, hi – you doing all right?"
John’s arms fell to his sides, standing as straight as he possibly could. “I’m sorry, is that a threat?”
Well. Unless you counted every single story about Sherlock.
"No, it sounds... great. It sounds really great. Party at Greg's, Friday." John forced another smile. "Fantastic."
A curt nod.
friends. The closest he has to a friend is that ridiculous idiot Gregory Lestrade, and even he is merely involved to be of use to me."
John swallowed hard, his mouth suddenly dry and palms beginning to sweat. He tried to match Sherlock's volume. "If the person you saw is
“Go on. You know you want to say it.”
His body was as tense as a drum; he simply could not fathom the idea that it was almost quarter to three and John was standing in his darkened bedroom commenting on the
you."
"Great. Thanks. So you just act normal and bam, he continues having all these unrequited feelings and eventually gets over it. You're sorted."
Wanda turned away from the dining room and tiptoed back into the kitchen, cheeks pink, eyes wide.
John nodded, though he found it difficult to put the two scenarios side by side. "Probably. But this isn't exactly a normal situation, for so many reasons, probably more than my head is able to string together... and I don't want to bugger it up by doing the wrong thing. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before," he admitted with a hopeless raising of his palms to the air, "not with a girl
But there
"I told him, very reasonably, that I had no idea what I was going to do and that I would rather not make any rash decisions and end up screwing up a friendship that actually means quite a lot to me – quite a lot, Sherlock – at which point he let it go and, realising it was nearly time for your performance, we walked back inside."
John's mouth dropped open. "What?! I didn't force
Sherlock shrugged, his little smile twitching as he stepped cleanly in front of John and glanced back at him. "I would hope not,
His face lowered slightly to the side, letting his eyes flicker down to meet Harry's, and found his own desperation to get the hell out of there mirrored in her own. “It was good to see you, y'know. You should come and visit me at uni sometime.”
Sherlock looked away again, back at the screen. "When I was a child I wanted to be a pirate. In my head I was Captain William The Brave with my faithful first mate... Redbeard The Hairy."
"You bumped into one of your friends already?"
Taking in an unsteady breath, John shook his head gently and closed his eyes again. His voice cracked as he spoke. "Sorry."
Sherlock looked up at him with hazy eyes, his arms wrapped tightly around himself as if he were cold; the light was still off in his bedroom (as usual) but John was almost certain that the man was shaking. When Sherlock spoke, however, his voice was incredibly soft and calm. "I'm fine, John. A touch of food poisoning, nothing more." John watched as the genius's large hands began to rub up and down his arms, ice-blue eyes starting to dart around the small room. "Your room is very bare."
There was definitely the possibility of
"Just
"It's not the same," Sherlock responded through gritted teeth, no longer looking at him but instead at the wall to the left of him. "Different circumstances, different... problems."
John's fingers fumbled awkwardly over the second button. "Sorry."
both Mycroft and Greg thought that something was going on between himself and Sherlock, and only because bloody Sherlock had been the one to start the whole charade in the first place… but John had gone along with it. He had gone along with it because he had seen how desperately Sherlock had initially needed to take Mycroft down a peg or two, his own personal feelings towards the oldest Holmes brother also being a fairly strong mitigating factor – at the time he was running so high on his anger that he'd had no issue with playing along.
A pained expression flashed across Sherlock's partly-shadowed face. "Google."
Another helpless shrug. “If I can’t avoid judging them then how can you?”
"Careful, Mummy," Mycroft drawled from his own bedroom, the sound of a belt buckle clicking as he dressed, "if you wear the same earrings as 2011 Mrs. Benbury will most
It sounded like something out of an Austen novel. Wanda was nodding enthusiastically as she cut into a potato.
There was a sense to it that he could only now understand.
"Lewis," Sherlock interrupted, not even aware he had spoken.
, I presume?"
His lips parted.
have a rather profound effect last time, but I was hardly going to just leap up on the stage and throw your violin across the crowd like a bouquet -"
Slowly he sat on the edge of his bed, resting the laptop on his knees. His eyes travelled over the conversation screen, lingering momentarily on the name.
"Try."
one. Sherlock was still utterly unsure as how to respond, his hands rising slightly as if to touch the man and hesitating mid-air as John's lips left his briefly before returning, slightly impatient, as if awaiting a reaction. Because, of course John would want Sherlock to kiss him back. Of course that was what anyone would expect. Of course John wouldn't think Sherlock so inexperienced that he'd never had the chance to learn how.
He didn't count his attempt at breaking John's resolve to maintain their friendship as his first; in his mind the ideology behind a kiss was that it was something to be shared between two people holding a similar regard for each other, something intimate that was reciprocated on both ends. The pushing of his lips against John's in Greenwich Park had not been an act of affection or romance, rather it had been a desperate act of trying to sever ties with a man who had been so very stubborn, so very determined that Sherlock had seen no other possible way of convincing him that things could not simply 'go back to normal'. Because none of it had been normal for Sherlock. None of it had been par for the course or an experience he was at all familiar with. The whole situation had been littered with 'firsts' and now, here he was, standing in the hallway of his home with John grabbing fistfuls of his shirt between his very capable fingers and dragging him down to give him his first taste of what it was like to have his feelings reciprocated.
The curly-haired man nodded stiffly. "Fine. Johnlock."
times recently. But it's just not that simple for me. Not just because he's a... man, but he's my best friend too. I could potentially fuck up something which is
And there he was. Not sitting with the students as John had expected, feverishly scribbling notes and gazing up with mild respect at the lecturer, oh no. Sherlock stood, chin tilted slightly up in his trademark show of arrogance and his body held straight and tall behind the giant wooden lectern as his eyes roved the room and lips moved with no doubt reams of relevant information, completely and utterly in control: Sherlock wasn’t
"I didn't mean to say that," John leapt in, starting to feel a little sick. "That was an accident."
been a while since I've made one... it's not as if anyone else is ever really around to eat it!" The knot came back. "Usually it's a ready meal for one... yes, all right, shepherds pie it is!" Her tone changed dramatically, brightening, the facade back in full force. "I'll even get some cream to make the mash, spoil you a bit."
John stared at him for a moment, pursing his lips; well, as far as he could tell… Sherlock wasn't lying. Thankfully. "All right. Good. So, what, my medical records?"
. Yes, it was an event. It was a defining moment. In the dark of his room it was easy to admit. "We've been friends for going on two months."
"Don't worry about me and my inability to conform to your needs," Mycroft said with a roll of his eyes, "I'm not offended at all."
"Thank you. And look, I'm sorry about earlier, I've just had a really bad day of it today. Wasn't the easiest one in the world."
Barely even a minute.
look at John than it was for John to be looked at.
"So stop giving up and just
"I'm... glad."
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before looking away and out to the sky once more, the two of them staring at the half-sun that was slowly disappearing before their very eyes. "Yes. All right. Friendship first and foremost for everyone else. And for us... lots of that."
"Mm," Sherlock hummed from behind him, the tiniest hint of amusement seeping through, "I'll have to take your word for it."
"No," John insisted, dropping his phone onto the cushion next to him and leaning forward, "tell me. What do you mean,
someone to spend his time with. You have to understand, John, any playmates or acquaintances in my brother's life have been there merely out of circumstance or necessity. This is... the first time I've ever known him to choose to interact with someone. More to the point, that particular someone has chosen to interact with him and seemingly
He patted the pocket of his jeans to make sure his keys were still there. "Yeah, all right. I'll go get showered and change my clothes. Meet you back here afterwards?"
"Ah, you don't need to do that -"
Love to all, and hope you're staying well and sane during this rather crazy time of existence; I've been thinking of you a lot, for whatever that's worth.
With the experienced stare of a woman who had been teaching young, intelligent minds for the last twenty years, Joanne's mind started to tick as she looked him over. His hair, usually at least combed, was longer, sticking up all over the place. His clothes – a rumpled pale blue shirt and faded jeans – looked as if they had been slept in, perhaps even unwashed for a few days. His eyes were half-ringed by dark circles, skin pale, and if she were a betting sort of woman she would have bet her pearl earrings that he hadn't been eating properly. It seemed she had been missing something for the last few weeks.
The man had started his slumber curled up, arms brought into his chest and knees bent – not altogether dissimilar to how John now slept; it was a protective stance, a way of shielding himself from anything that was to come his way. It was almost uncomfortable to see his friend doing the very same thing and introduced a vulnerability in Sherlock that John had not seen before now. Eventually, however, his body had uncurled and opened out, rolling over onto his back and throwing am arm out to the side so that it dangled over the carpet like a branch from a tree, head still lowered so that his chin just came short of brushing his shoulder; he breathed long, deep breaths, occasionally so slow and deep that John could not stop his body from leaning forward slightly, a frown creasing his forehead as he waited for Sherlock’s breathing to even out properly again.
of not being able to take paracetamol?" He turned and glanced at Greg; even he looked completely nonplussed about the whole thing. "Am I missing something?"
"What conversation? Am I missing something?" He felt very much as if he were. "I'm not tired, or not so tired that you can't talk to me. Something's obviously on your mind, I..." He didn't know how to finish that sentence. "Talk to me, Sherlock. You're all..."
"Not entirely."
The boy grinned at him openly, obviously completely and utterly wasted. "I get to come up with a rule that will hopefully ruin every single person around this table."
Wanda pursed her lips, looking out of the window towards the country lane. "We don't want to get lost."
said it.”
"Well what are you waiting for, you silly boy? Do you want him to leave without you?"
Sherlock somehow seemed to understand that he should keep his distance, lingering in the conservatory and keeping his eyes trained away from John in a strange gesture of acquiescence; his words, however, reached John quite clearly. "I think the word you're looking for is
"Not according to Sherlock," John muttered, wiping a little too hard at the cut and making it start bleeding again. "According to him
John sighed. "I'm sure you do."
She mastered the understanding of his state of mind instantly, his intentions. “You're leaving? Now?”
"Ooooh, what would she tell Mum and Dad?" That had perked her interest. "You
Within seconds he had taken note of John's racing heart, his enlarged pupils and, yes, the increased body heat emanating from the man's body.
The tall man standing two metres from him shifted, arms falling to his sides. "I understand that it's a difficult question." A familiar mocking thread wove its way through Sherlock's voice, though the indefinable edge was still there. "Should I rephrase it?"
Sherlock’s body poises instinctively for flight.
Oh god, it was awkward. It was
wall to speak of when so much of the room was made up of large, arched windows and doors edged with thick, dark golden curtains leading out onto a seemingly endless veranda lit with netted fairy lights and candles in fish bowls dotted around the small, glass tables cast around the wooden decking – he found himself staring at a colour so rich and vibrant, a textured burgundy like he had never seen before (had it been repainted before they'd arrived, perhaps?) with solid gold-painted, detailed borders rising in gentle waves across the entirety of the room. It should have made the atmosphere dark and dreary, such deep colours, but instead John found that it simply heightened the majesty of the room and made him feel as if he were dirty simply for standing there.
"Is that him?" Harry was practically crowing her delight, the rustling of what was no doubt the bedclothes crackling through the phone and into his ear. "Ahahaha, he's in your room, isn't he? Is he on your bed? Are you two having sex? Are you using protection?"
John's eyebrows shot up, throwing down his phone and leaping off of the bed, wrenching open his door and not caring as it slammed shut behind him and most likely woke up the other five students in his flat; how many times had he been woken up by loud sex and arguments since he moved in here? It was their turn to suffer. Hopefully not for the same reasons.
we talked about? Heroin hasn't been on my mind in weeks, John. I've been too busy feeding my
"No," Sherlock interjected quickly, leaning back as if trying to get further away from the switch, "leave it off. I would... prefer it to be dark."
"Can I ask what it said?"
"Sorry, should've realised. So, uh... what's this thing you want so badly, if it's not a person...?"
"I -" John cut himself off, looking away for a tiny moment before looking back – his smile at widened, his eyes glittering in the subtle light. "I don't know, Sherlock. You don't dress like someone of your age."
"Cheers," John said, sounding sarcastic but actually being somewhat genuine in the sentiment, "but seriously, someone like Sherlock... you'd think he'd go for someone intelligent, someone with a mind more like his. Someone like me, someone ordinary with no particular talent for anything and who is currently near the bottom of his classes – someone with chronic depression – you'd think that would be the kind of person he'd avoid like hell, don't you reckon?"
"So that you could look at me with the horrified gaze you gave me earlier and stutter your rejection to my face? No thanks, I'd rather stick with denial." Sherlock barked out a humourless laugh. "Not that
“Because you're the one who's moving in, the one she wants to meet. I would think that was fairly obvious.”
Sherlock walked and stopped beside him, holding a folder with what John assumed to be sheet music and his fingers wrapped around the handle of his violin case; a small surge of warmth shot through John's stomach at the thought that he was going to see Sherlock perform for the first time that evening, wondering if he was really as good as his mother said he was or if it was just the rose-tinted glasses of a loving matriarch.
Mycroft's eyebrow raised ever so slightly, subtle enough that his expression remained the same but impossible for Sherlock to miss. “Just like the last time, then?”
Lauren leaned across to Greg, eyes sparkling as she whispered something into his ear with blatant glee; Sherlock's housemate leaned away from her slowly afterwards, a grin spreading over his lips as he nodded, looking as if Christmas had come early.
John's eyes flickered to the phone sitting beside him, Sherlock's words washing over him alongside a sense of understanding, a knowledge that if anyone had read John correctly at that point in his life and could probably still read him better than anybody ever could – with or without his amazing observational talents – it was the man staring at him with all the intensity and determination he could possibly muster. "Try."
John tilted his chin up, his attitude the very reflection of the man currently dozing in his bedroom. “I’d say that’s none of your business, actually.”
"So essentially you do have feelings for him. Which is why you didn't like the whole 'unrequited' thing. 'Cos he cares for you too, just in a different way. But that doesn't make your version of caring any less relevant."
"It's very unfamiliar."
," Greg said, shaking his head back and forth regretfully. "Ten is the card we all love to hate."
A fierce flame of protection licked its way up John's spine. "Weirdo?"
you been to a doctor?"
"I can bring him down here and show you his arms if you'd like," Mycroft said breezily, continuing to stare at him in a way that made John feel remarkably exposed. "Yes, John, my brother has a taste for opiates. Absolutely ghastly when he needs to take any form of pain medication, he's built up such a resistance to them."
The hands that had been so steady in Sherlock’s lap curled into gentle fists. “Yes.”
John was still watching Sherlock. "Shut up."
At this, all eyes swivelled around to rest upon Mrs. Watson, who was now visibly shaken and clearly out of her comfort zone. As if she hadn't been already, with her alcoholic husband, lesbian daughter and her now self-confessed depressive son surrounding her. It hit John, then, that although he
. Ah. That made sense. Sherlock's voice, Sherlock's scent, Sherlock's hands. He suddenly wanted to open his eyes again. He tried. A flicker of movement to his left, a blurred figure. It was dark, though. That was a relief. His head was hurting. Was it possible for his hand to hurt at the same time as his head? He was sure that was impossible, you could only focus on one pain at a time – then again, maybe the figure who he remembered now was Sherlock was dealing with the pain in his hand for him. That didn't make sense. His hand still hurt. The pain wasn't going away. But his head hurt too.
The smile on her face was the closest thing to sincere he had seen so far. At least she was distracted. "How about what she looks like?" He could feel the strain of lying start to build up within his face, could feel the blood rushing to his cheeks like fire. She noticed it instantly. "Oooh, you really do like her, don't you? Look at your face!"
"There you are, you bastard. You owe me three shots of Sambuca for the clapping game."
It did not go unnoticed. "Don't worry dear, dinner will be ready in half an hour or so – you do eat meat, don't you?" It wasn't really a question, clearly she assumed he did; even if he had been a vegetarian he wouldn't have been able to tell her to her face regardless. "Roast chicken stuffed with sage, onion and rosemary and all the trimmings. I wasn't sure what to cook as Sherlock hasn't breathed a word about you -" her eyes darted to his and suddenly widened, " – not that it's surprising, of course, he doesn't talk about anyone! I'm sure he's just being secretive as always, just like their father. I'm more of an open type myself."
Wanda shook her head with a smile as she walked into the kitchen already dressed, raising her hands to deflect his words. "You didn't, John, don't worry. Tim and I always get up early in the morning and go for a walk. Did you sleep all right?"
“Oh, you
“Tell me everything,” Sherlock voice cut sharply across his ridiculous and pointless attempt at interrogating him, him of all people, taking a step forward with entirely no intention of doing so, noting the instantaneous step back that the coward was now taking from him and not caring in the slightest that he had so easily intimidated him; good.
John stared from her to the house whilst slowly shaking his head, hand already on the handle of the door in his impatience to get out and properly appreciate its majesty. "Your words... did not do it justice. It's amazing! How on earth do you
"Call it whatever you want to call it, it's not particularly important right now. Does this -" he extended a hand towards John and back to himself, " - change your desire to... know me?"
Sherlock's gaze burned, silent as he let the words settle between them. "You don't need to say that."
what I'm trying to say. You're overreacting, Sherlock."
John turned fully towards Sherlock, shoving his hands roughly in his pockets. "And what exactly
"Yeah, see? Got it all in hand. You don't need to be focusing on me, I've got it sorted." She was evidently just as stubborn as he was; he could tell from Sherlock's tiny smile that he was most likely thinking exactly the same thing. "And anyway, it's probably high time the lady and I tried to get some sleep. Got a morning shift tomorrow."
His genius friend didn't seem to know where to look. "I don't
“I am.”
John shifted awkwardly in the chair. "Tell you... why I'm here?"
important. And that wherever this place is that you have to be, it's not
, it made my blood boil and my hands tingle and this
did he take?"
"Oh, right." Mr. Holmes wandered out into the dining room, leaning down over something and clearing his throat. "Well, predictably it's labelled 'HolmesWiFi' – the passcode is -"
A look of pure Sherlockian disgust crossed the genius's pale face, allowing his eyes to meet John's so that the man opposite him could see just how ridiculous he found his question. "Don't be absurd, John. I can only take so much stupid from you at one time."
“Look, I'm sorry to do this, but I've actually got a study session to get to,” he interrupted, glancing behind him at the door as if he wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of there. “With some of my flatmates, you know.”
"I'm so relieved, it's a new bed, you're the first to sleep in it! But look at this – Tim, look at this!" Her husband was making his slow, quiet way down the stairs, offering John a small smile and nod as he wandered to stand beside his wife; he slid his arm around her waist without even hesitating. "You didn't need to do the drying up, John, you're a g-"
John's eyes flickered to the china on the sideboard with a hazy glance; Sherlock was going to explain? No, no he wouldn't. He wouldn't explain what was really going on. John wasn't idiotic enough to think that Sherlock had changed his mind overnight. He nodded, still staring at the china, wanting to be compliant and not make this anymore awkward than it had to be.
John’s lips move.
A low laugh, a rumble in the back of the white throat that was steadily getting closer. "No, John, this is
John could not miss the way Sherlock's entire body began to shake at his words, hand dangerously unsteady on the glass – he reached forward to take it before there was an accident of sorts, fingers outstretched and just brushing the glass before Sherlock's left hand shot out without warning and whacked it out of the way, taking no care to be gentle. Their flesh connected with a sharp 'slap', John's eyes widening first in surprise and then instinctual anger, Sherlock's snapping open and fixing in all their intensity on his friend's face – the expression on his face was shockingly raw, his limbs into trembling waves.
Mycroft observed his little brother for a moment, seeming to consider his words. The moment stretched on, their eye-contact prolonged to the point of discomfort, until finally he let his lips separate and he forced out the words he quite ardently did
“And by that I assume you mean
A smile flitted across her face. Smug. He wanted to psychoanalyse her until she wept. John was off-limits. "Is he the one who encouraged you to attend counselling?"
He shot her a warning look at her 'affectionate' nickname for his best friend, but didn't correct her. “I wasn't waiting for anything.”
icon flashing, rocking from side to side slightly in his determination to stay awake. After about a minute of watching the icon, it finally stopped, before:
Sherlock motioned in front of them. "He's here."
"He noticed you, then."
Another snigger. "That's fine, I have other things to be getting on with. Oi, get your hand out of there -"
"Yes you are," John called as he turned away and made a small leap onto the next rock. "Get your arse up here and stop being such a prissy snob. After all... what would Captain William the Brave do?"
Wordlessly Sherlock turned and followed his mother out into the dining room, not even giving John so much as a 'goodnight'; John didn't particularly blame him. He'd be distracted too – not to mention nervous – at her request. He had a horrible idea that he knew the exchange that was about to pass between them and he was well aware that if he stayed he would overhear a conversation that was by and large going to be awkward as all hell.
This kiss was not like the others.
"We're getting off-topic," the voice said briskly, his tone obviously irritated, "and you're forcing me to insult you when the intention of this conversation was to try and attempt the exact opposite."
you, I moved so that I would be more comfortable."
"If I told you some of the techniques some of my colleagues have employed over the years you wouldn't think this was odd at all, trust me." Jim flashed a smile. "I can't give you the particulars of course, but... let's just say this is incredibly
A voice came out of the darkness, gruff, suspicious. "Who else is wiv you?"
"Be careful, all right?" John admonished, nudging the mascarpone over to him. "Now. Just get a little bowl and mix them together until it's a nice murky mess of greeny-white and then – are you watching? Right, once you've slit the chicken you just stuff the inside of the hole you made with the pesto and mascarpone mix. When you've done that, put them on the baking tray that Greg – Greg!" John raised his eyebrow at the man who was chowing down on an apple, watching as if it were a show rather than an activity he was supposed to be a part of. "Where's the greased baking tray?"
The crowd began to applaud once more - John's own oddly numb hands were on auto-pilot, clapping fiercely together as he watched the crowd to the left of the platform part, first a small man in a white suit ascending the steps and walking calmly over to the white grand piano directly in the centre towards the back and, finally, two hours after he had last seen him, the curly-haired boy-genius taking two of the four steps at a time and gliding across the stage as if he were quite as at home up there as he was in front of his microscope; Sherlock seemed completely nonplussed as he stopped in front of the tall, metal music stand already set up, his violin in one long hand and his bow and sheet music in the other. He did not look out toward the crowd as he placed the sheets of music out in front of him, layered on top of each other; it was only as he took a few steps to his right towards the microphone than he finally looked out a the mass of people eagerly awaiting his performance, his eyes first scanning the room and then travelling over the four people standing directly at the front of the stage.
Greg took another step back, realising he really didn't want to witness this; neither of them noticed. Sherlock did not turn. "It doesn't matter now. The moment is over."
"Well then." Neil blinked a few times, his hand lifting to wipe at his mouth as if he had felt the full impact of John's disregard for him and it had left him bleeding. "I suppose I've had that coming for a while."
"To admit fear of rejection, to even admit that there is something you've offered that could be rejected…"
"Mm. Older. Seven years, to be precise."
"Fuck me, I'm not going to do
"I understand completely."
"Yeah, but Mum and Dad have been talking about grandkids since we were walking -"
As a Queen –
Greg closed his fingers to his palms slowly, his eyes becoming terribly sympathetic. "Come on, don't make me say it again."
desirous."
“Enough,” Mycroft said sharply, looking from John to Sherlock with a frown so deep it looked as it would leave a permanent mark on his forehead. “This isn’t a game, Sherlock, and you shouldn’t be here. Your… recovery…” He quickly glanced at John again. “Your recovery process isn’t over yet. You can resume your
Neil put out a hand – so obscene, so farcical that he should think a single hand could stop Sherlock at this precise moment – and shook his head, dazed,
Sherlock drummed his fingertips lightly against his knee. "Mm. You did look a little shell-shocked."
, not William anymore."
Greg nodded, eyes sympathetic again. "Well, yeah. That's why Sherlock went to see Mycroft."
His eyes swivelled and met John's. His stomach jolted. "Yes?"
Greg shot Mycroft a mutinous glare. “If you think I’m going to my lecture after tonight -”
me John, stop being so frustratingly reticent. What do you want me to be?"
"John."
that felt as if he had a blazing inferno trapped within his body,
It was William's turn to clearly be holding something back, his silence speaking volumes; John picked up on it immediately.
in my whole life..."
Sherlock’s head jerks irritably to the side, not seeing how The Woman had anything to do with the conversation. She was nothing. This was... well. Considerably
"Oh, well, you know Mycroft. He wasn't very forthcoming with any details."
Sherlock cast a narrowed glance towards his apparently fragile housemate. “Serves him right for having sex in my chair.”
," he moaned quietly, eyes flying open and looking at the typically black screen opposite him; he let himself look at it blearily for a few more moments, wondering if it was the usual weekly influx of emails from Joanne and her team of nagging tutors but not really feeling too fussed either way – the emails were getting more and more frequent, less and less gentle and far more on the side of 'come to seminars or we'll suspend you' than 'let us help you'... it was starting to weigh down on him, yet there was nothing he felt he could do. He'd managed to submit another essay, another below-par piece of work, and he was certain that this time he'd probably managed to flunk it completely. Yet another reason not to look at the emails. He didn't want to know how badly he'd messed this one up.
"Well, you do. But that doesn't mean I'm going to hit you, why would I waste valuable energy on a fight I'd probably lose?"
Okay, John might have been ignorant but he was nothing compared to his twin sister. "Because I
Sherlock was out of sight now. John felt a strange pull to hang up the phone and go after him without Mycroft's help. "We had this exact conversation well over a month ago, Mycroft. Nothing's changed since then. Actually, no," John shook his head, regardless of whether Mycroft could see it, "
Greg shrugged for the umpteenth time that evening. "Comes with living with one Holmes, being in cahoots with another and generally spending a lot of time with girls."
A guy beside John pulled out the first Jack of the evening. "Jack! Ha!
Just as he realised he needed a refill, he felt a vibration in his pocket that was both pleasant and surprising in equal measures; he struggled to get it out, eventually managing to fumble enough that he could see he had received a text:
Katie finally spoke again. "I'm taking her to a meeting next Thursday."
what Sherlock is feeling at that moment and instead can only focus on the heat within his chest and the tingling in his fingers as he takes one more step towards his lying bastard of a best friend –
Sherlock’s mind flashed back to hours earlier, the feel of John’s racing pulse underneath his fingertips and the sound of his gentle sighs carrying across the limited space between them. “We’ll see.”
A flash of ice-blue and razor-sharp cheekbones flashed before his eyes. A surge of longing flooded his entire body. "I've hardly spoken to her, Mum, I only know the basics."
“No. Yes.”
Mycroft said nothing, lifting the glass of red wine in front of him to his lips and taking a sip; Greg looked between them for a few moments before giving an emphatic nod, reaching out and taking John's half-empty glass of lager and downing it in one. "Ahh. Thanks mate, needed that." He gave his biggest shit-eating grin as John stared open-mouthed at him, clearly unimpressed. "Glad to hear it. I figured you were all right, considering... well. Considering Sherlock's text."
was ridiculous. "Okay, you must not remember the first few weeks like I do, then, because you were
It was clearly a hint. Sherlock reached into the inside-pocket of his coat and pulled out a brown envelope, extending it out. "As ever I hope that this token of my gratitude will cover any pains you went to get it, Lewis. You know I appreciate what you do for me."
"Yes yes, I'm a black pot, I know," Sherlock cut across irritably, eyes flashing. "And my hair isn't rough or frizzy, thank you very much, not that it matters."
"You leave your brother alone," Wanda lectured lightly, shaking her head as she placed her hands on her hips; it sounded very much like something she said often, a natural response. "Now, Mycroft, why don't you show John up to the guest bedroom so that he can get settled in? There's an en-suite bathroom attached, dear, so you needn't worry about your privacy."
Sherlock had already taken off his shoes and left them by the door, throwing his keys onto the kitchen counter and shrugging with all the nonchalance of his father's natural state of being. "Absolutely nothing, John. You've done nothing at all."
"Mycroft. He told you."
call him that.”
"Please, Mummy, don't bring me into this," Mycroft grumbled with a sigh, meeting John's eyes with a 'don't you dare mention this revelation to me in public' look, "I haven't played the piano for at least two years, I've practically forgotten."
Perhaps it should bother him more that Sherlock had most likely used such a device to drag the truth of John’s distance into the open, but he was distracted – as he had been the whole day. He watched Sherlock’s face closely, trying as hard as he possibly could to glean something from it so that he ascertain whether it would be a positive or negative reaction, but as usual Sherlock was stupidly difficult to read… god, would he ever get any better at reading his friend? Or would he spend the rest of their time together constantly wondering, all the while with Sherlock able to ‘observe’ John’s innermost thoughts without having to say a word?
John waited for a moment to see if there was anything more to come but, after a few seconds of quiet and tapping, he moved the cursor over the little flashing microphone icon and clicked it, ending the voice call. Slowly and carefully he moved his now rather warm laptop onto the desk chair, standing and walking lightly over to the sink and mirror, plucking his toothbrush from beside his flannel and glancing up to meet his own gaze in the mirror.
John's mouth was a little dry. "I... right. Yes. Okay, thanks."
Sherlock shot him a dark look from over the top of his screen. "Be serious."
John sighed. "It's
Oh, how wrong he was. How bloody wrong he was.
"I mean it." John's voice was strong, a little raw. "If you so much as reach for me I'll defend myself in a heartbeat."
John leaned forward with a tiny groan, launching himself up off of the sofa and looking down at his friend with raised eyebrows as the clock in the dining room chimed out 4pm. "Cup of tea?"
How many people have you said no to?
It came as a rumble in the back of a tight throat, a noise more beautiful than any music.
Sherlock had turned to face him, his hands lowering the pieces of paper he held between his fingers and looking momentarily so surprised that, had it been any other moment than this one, John would have no doubt laughed; as it happened John found that he was suddenly, without probable cause, left temporarily without enough oxygen in his lungs to even finish his sentence.
what it would do to me. You knew that I..." John broke off, shaking his head gently. "You couldn't just let me live in ignorance, could you? You had to go and make me do it."
"We?" She was blinking too fast again. "You and... a girl? A girlfriend?"
Eyes narrowing, he forced himself to sit opposite the computer once more and squinted at the too-bright screen, gaze zeroing in on the sender and feeling his brow crease. Holmes, W. It was ten o'clock on a Friday night, what the hell was this guy doing on his university email account? At least John had an excuse, he had no life at the moment to speak of, but this guy probably had a wife, kids, some sort of life outside of being a tutor!
"I -"
He took the forms meekly, nodding and turning without meeting her gaze even once. He clutched the clipboard in hands as he propelled himself forward towards the corridor she had pointed at, palms starting to sweat rather rapidly as he got closer and closer to room A2, the door with the little glass partition and the dark blue plaque announcing the room's title coming further and further into view until finally stood in front of it, heart pumping, dread weighing like a concrete boulder in his stomach as he stared at the plaque and waited for his body to unlock itself so that he could reach forward and knock.
," Sherlock reminded him quickly, his eyes darting over to look at John's face. "Don't forget that."
John stared at the clipboard. "A... friend. He encouraged me."
and now you'll get to hear him at the village ball!" Her face was practically splitting in two she looked so happy.
"Everything you described earlier – he makes your palms sweat, makes your heart go all fluttery, gives you butterflies, all that bollocks... John, love, dear brother o' mine, you are halfway there and you don't even
Have you even been to university? A third is a pass. I'm sorry it doesn't match up to your obviously sky-high expectations but a third is considered a pass at any university
?” Harry whispered, an undertone quiet enough that only John would hear – he shoved an elbow into her arm, simultaneously gritting his teeth and fighting the urge to grin. He fucking hated his sister. Hated her, loved her, wanted her to shut the hell up and equally take over with her own special brand of chaos. He became oddly aware of the growing gratitude in his stomach, strange in the face of the situation, at her presence. The fact that she was here at all was a huge gesture, and he was fully aware that it was for his sake rather than her own.
It was difficult to wrap his head around such unimportant topics when he was so unfailingly fixated on this unexpected atmosphere of normality that was so very out of place after the evening before. "I… he doesn't talk to me about these things, I haven't the faintest idea."
- waiting to take their car and park it for them, "Lady Brooke Londonderry, who owns this house, she once lived in the village before she married up and above her station -"
Sherlock's eyes flitted down to John's fists, knowing that would be the place in which the tension showed most; he couldn't suppress the tiny smile of justification as he saw both hands clenched, fingers curled tightly into his palms – wait, no, that wasn't right. John's cut would open. Before he had a chance to say anything he heard a derisive snort, saw the small, sharp genuflect of John's head to the side; he didn't need to physically see John's lips to know that they had twisted into a humourless smile. He could hear it in the man's voice.
as opposed to
By the time they'd started on a second movie, Greg very gallantly offering to do the washing up (a groan emitting from the kitchen upon his actually going out there and seeing the mess they'd left behind), John was slumped low on the sofa with his favourite grey blanket over him, eyes sleepy but a small content smile on his lips as his eyes followed the movements on the television screen; Sherlock was staring at the screen too, but his eyes were clearly unfocused, not at all into the film. They sat together alone for about ten minutes before Sherlock spoke, interrupting John's concentration of the film.
"Anyway, look at me, rambling on!" Jim picked up a pen and shuffled the clipboard towards him, flipping to the last page and writing something down. "Did you have any questions for me? About anything at all, anything that might have crossed your mind."
Sherlock waited, allowing the man a moment to change his mind; he nodded curtly, reaching out his hand to beckon John to pass him his bow. As he watched John turn and move his hands to grab not only the bow but the glass of wine that sat beside the leather case on top of the sideboard, Sherlock saw with his keen, eternally observant gaze the nearly empty glass and the tremor in John's hand as he reached for it: ah. John had already almost polished off his glass.
John's entire body seemed to tense. "No? Then why are you coming towards me?"
"Right. So that's what he told you." Greg nodded, his teeth peeking over his lower lip to nibble on it. "I can see why you... okay. Look, John -" He leaned over a little further, eyes narrowing slightly, " - that isn't what I said to him."
in your distance?"
Fuck it.
John sighed in exasperation; they'd made a deal!
"I'm just saying." John looked away from him and down at his own hands settled in his lap. "I didn't come in here to… start something. This is your space, I know that. I don't want to make you… uncomfortable in it. And if my leaving will help then I'll go. I don't mind. I can entertain myself until I fall asleep."
“What question?” Sherlock took a step back in his desperation, then forward again. “What question?”
The driveway was a blaze of torches and sweeping lawns, the darkening sky made even more dramatic in the face of the flames and broad landscape; John was so swept up in the sheer magnificence of the lead-up that he barely even noticed the house that they were driving towards.
The two of them shared a grin.
He called out before he could stop himself. "Want to do some shots, Wi...Sherlock?"
His lips separated, startled as he actually thought about it, considered the idea of whether that was where he would have taken the situation if Greg hadn't walked in; how had he not wondered before now? He had, after all, said to John that he wasn't finished with him. What had that meant? It was ludicrous that he hadn't even known as he had spoken the words, worse that he wasn't even sure now.
The car journey, in the end, was actually somewhat enjoyable. Wanda had perhaps overestimated how far a game of 'I Spy' would go, Sherlock guessing everything within seconds and complaining two minutes later that he was bored – unsurprising, of course, considering the man seemed to have the attention-span of a five year old. Tim, realising far quicker than his wife that Sherlock wasn't going to be entertained by children's games, put on the radio and turned it up whilst rolling down the windows, welcoming in a wonderfully warm breeze alongside popular hits of years gone by; Wanda and Tim were soon harmonising to 'I Got You, Babe' by Sonny and Cher whilst Sherlock shot John a tortured rolling of his eyes and sent the smaller man into such a fit of giggles that he had to smother his mouth with the heel of his hand for at least five minutes.
“Hm.”
Wanda and Tim exchanged a look. "And... your father?"
After that, he wasn't really too sure of what happened. He could vaguely recall the smile turning to a gentle chuckle, then perhaps John reaching out and pressing his palm lightly against Sherlock's chest; he remembered the other hand moving, tangling into Sherlock's mess of curls again, John's eyes creasing at the edges with warmth and some sort of emotion that Sherlock hadn't seen before from the man standing in front of him – it was a nice look, he knew that much, but the identification was impossible when John chose to increase the proximity of their bodies and leaned up to press his lips awkwardly, hesitantly just below his cheekbone. There was a moment where Sherlock's eyes closed, unintentionally breathing in the scent spiralling around him, and another moment when he felt the lips upon his skin move and was gently replaced by the hot skin of John's forehead – the scent increased and he knew that from this moment forward he would not be able to erase it from his memory, that it would linger until he could breathe nothing else in without feeling disappointed that the familiar scent was not there.
"Good." More tapping came through the speakers. "So. Not just negative, then."
John felt like a mess in comparison. "Hi… morning. What time is it?"
His older-by-a-few-minutes sister leaned her head back against the wall behind her as she lolled about at the end of the bed, long-limbed and eternally untidy. “I didn't hate you, I just didn't notice you. You were like the annoying, self-righteous little voice in the back of my head that I never bothered to listen to. No offence,” she added lazily, not seeming all too bothered if he had, in fact, taken offence, “you were always just painfully sensible.”
Greg had opened the door and was striding out of the house the minute Mycroft's car pulled up, hands raised. "I'm sorry Mycroft, I went in at eleven and he was sleeping, went in ten minutes ago and he -"
“Tired. You?”
"Well then,
"Hmm."
"Well, whaddya know? Eight! Eight, as most of us know, is
been in such close proximity, you would have been actively making the effort to move away rather than inviting physical contact. It's far less to do with 'feelings' and far more to do with the fact that we are both rather inebriated or, as Greg would so poetically put it, absolutely
Another chapter written whilst practically falling asleep - hope it's not too crappy! xD Still, I genuinely enjoy every darned second of writing this fic, so either way I'm happy! Love and hugs, thanks so much for the continuing support!
from his every pore. "I want you to tell me why I shouldn't just throw you to the sharks, boy. I want you to give me a reason to keep you here as my crewmate."
No such luck. A female voice drifted towards him, sweet but impatient. "Excuse me, are you John Watson?"
William was clearly attempting to understand. "You're implying that the smile was... generated because of me."
John knew before it happened that the blood was rising to his cheeks again. "Yes, well, of course... it was brilliant. He was brilliant."
Ah, there it was – Sherlock was now looking at him once more with a frown and narrowed eyes; John could see it out of the corner of his eye. "Pardon?"
"I wasn't smiling."
break out.”
This is the view from the top of Greenwich Park in the day, with Canary Wharf in the distance.
been since they'd been old enough to talk, that it was actually pretty damned likely that his close relationship with the matriarch of the family had seriously skewed his view of Harry. She had been his opposite, the rebel, the trouble-maker, the one who went out of her way to drive their mother to despair – late nights, weekend binges, late to or not appearing for dinners and occasions and, on her last day of being a resident of their family home, crashing through the front door raging-drunk with a girl on her arm. She had, for all intents and purposes, created
"And stop apologising. You sound like an imbecile."
"Grow up, Dad. Either be here or don't be here, but don't look to me for advice as to how to treat someone you barely know because you were too wrapped up in your own shit to deal with your kids."
She raised an eyebrow, only slightly surprised by his words. "What was I thinking?"
now.” The man refrained from touching John, simply standing just a little too close and looking down at him over his rather expansive nose. “My brother is unwell and he should be at home where he can be properly… looked after.”
thing that you're willing to discuss. I'd even go so far as to say that you
“ - and I don't know why it makes you so uncomfortable. Makes no difference whether it's Sherlcock or Sarah, it's just... doing the do.”
It was simply this, over and over; it eventually became dull, enough so that dream-John stood up from his place in the gallery and joined the line of people, no papers in his hands as he shuffled along bit by bit until finally he was standing facing the Judge, nothing to give him, just a frank and open stare as he took in the blurred non-details of the man's face.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Oh,
"Yes. Are you going back to Mum and Dad's at all this summer?"
“Then, yes.” Sherlock tilted his chin up slightly, pointedly defensive. “I am finding it difficult. I'm finding it difficult if only because he's currently attempting to reconnect with complications rooted far too deeply within his past, and I am not there to read his mood, his state of mind. Instead I'm forced to accept texts, texts which are few and far between, as my only method of reassurance that he is maintaining a hold on his exceedingly delicate sense of balance, all the while knowing that – limited as I am in person – I am now rendered completely unable to do anything of any merit or use from so many miles away. It is... frustrating.” His gaze was piercing, so honest that it took everything within Mycroft's resolve to maintain eye-contact. “And I am finding it difficult.”
Well, that wasn't what he had meant to write. At all. Unless that was code for 'goodbye', anyway.
She put down her pen. "I see. That sounds like a lot of work."
the lecture, he was bloody
John lay still for a moment. "How could you possibly know that?"
John nodded stiffly. "What did you want to say to me?"
mock me, John -"
"Nah," Greg said, waving his hand towards Sherlock and looking as if he were bestowing a gift upon Sherlock, "you go for it. It was your idea."
Ah. Damn. "Well, we haven't actually
"No, but, if we're going to have a moniker why should your name come first? Why not... Sherlohn? Or Holmson?"
John set to loading three sausages onto his plate, suddenly famished. "Oh, are we going out today?"
"John?"
"Here you are," she sang, walking with her head held high into the living room and handing him a steaming cup of tea, "it's a new brand from that new posh supermarket that opened last month. A nice treat for your homecoming!"
"If we had the money, John, you know we'd give it to you. We're in a bit of a tight spot at the moment what with your father having a bit of time off -"
John watched warily as Sherlock seemed to check himself, eyes flashing with confusion before he snapped his spine straight and took a quick step back; the rapid cycling of his thoughts were almost visible, transforming from the man who had been almost unrecognisable in his proximity, the purr of his low voice as he made promises that John was almost certain were made purely in the heat of being
