Loki’s lips turned upward in response. A menacing grin for sure. “Indeed. Do as I say and we will have all these canines soaring in the air from fright. Even this feline as well.”
“I’ll take a look around,” with a grand sight of Pepper extending her wings she took off into the air with a gush of wind. It took months to learn and the process involved injuries and exhaustion that pushed human limits, but the ability to fly and cover more land was well worth the pain.
“It’s nothing important. I just had this stupid idea in my head, that’s all.”
“Y-you left and I didn't know why and all that went through my head was that I had lost you again and it nearly broke me. You were only gone for a couple of hours but my whole world was nearly torn apart from just that.”
Tony gave his shoulder a smack. “The nerve of you to say that to a blacksmith. There’s always room for improvement. Never say it’s enough.”
Tony remained at the bottom, not seeing the point since all he was wearing were simple clothing already, and seeing as he wasn’t going to join the run there was no need for the sake of shifting easier.
He stopped short from putting his foot down when Jan grabbed his arm gently. “We aren’t leaving yet. Go ahead and finish up.”
From the kitchen Sam came out with a piece of cloth he was using to dry his hands. “What is Clint enjoying and do I need to chuck something at him for it?”
It didn’t make a difference. They all knew damn well what he was going to claim. They all grinned as his face turned red. Even Rhodey and Pepper.
"Sounds like the perfect gift for him.” It was funny, Loki thought. The child in the letter wrote to Santa, but it was Anthony that would give him the very gift he wanted.
Tony, Bruce, Jarvis and even Vision jumped an inch in the air and backed away from the figure slithering down from a nearby tree branch. A giant python that was the pure color of black, so black that it had blue streaks painting the scales at certain angles. It dangled its head down while the rest of its body circled around the thick branch.
These thoughts haunt him day and night. The flawed memories that he carried, giving him glimpses and leaving the carnage to his imagination. Steve couldn’t go on without knowing. His broken memories weren’t enough. The little bits he could recall haunting him, mocking him with what he could do.
“Steve wants a friend.”
The alpha sat beside him. He was sitting up straight and almost basking in the attention from the light the sun was giving. His visible skin glowed in soft orange and yellow and the blue of his eyes were illuminated in nearly pure gold. The tips of his hair disappeared from sight but Tony hardly paid any mind to that. Steve could go bald for all he cared, the alpha was still beautiful under the light.
“Where is he?” A new voice demanded. A voice that made Tony skid to a complete stop, nearly sending Jarvis flying without control.
“He does,” Steve chuckled, “but if Peggy were here to listen she’d truly give him a smack or two.”
“You'll love her, you really will. She's a fierce alpha with a fiery temper and pure dedication who won't stand getting talked down without a fight. She's a packmate who’s currently leading another pack at the moment. My previous third in command, actually. She and I gave Natasha the title when she was appointed leader.”
What was the reason for it?
When Bucky and Natasha reached the circle, instead of sitting down right away, they remained standing, waiting. Tony figured since they were alphas who stuck close to their pack leader and were extremely vigilant to their surroundings they were probably Steve’s second and third in command. Tony, Bruce and Steve reached the circle soon after and shared an awkward moment of pause as they each waited for the others to move. The three alphas were apparently not going to move until the two omegas did, and the two omegas weren’t going to sit until told to. As they were unfamiliar with the pack, they didn’t know if there was an arrangement of sorts with who was paired with who and if some of them were required to sit in certain spots to make keeping watch more efficient.
“On the bed then. Let’s get eating before your cycle hits. I can smell it almost here.”
“Help?” Tony tried. If they were just going to sit there and find his situation annoying and amusing the least they could do was offer assistance. Not even Jarvis, who was nesting and napping on Bruce’s shoulder, bothered to twitch.
It was a slow realization on Tony’s part, and even after three weeks with the Avengers he was still getting caught off guard by what they do and say, especially when Steve was involved. Steve still continued to surprise him every single day. To have the alpha defend him, defend his… his honor; was that what it was? Honor? Tony didn’t have any honor left, but what else was Steve defending? And what was important enough for Steve to argue against his second in command and best friend for him? Furthermore, was Bucky being disrespectful to him truly the reason why Steve had gotten angry?
? How is that possible?”
. Now, all three had to enjoy having the omega with them for as long as Bruce remained pack-less, but there was a glimmer of hope for Tony. Bruce didn’t appear to be in a hurry to find a new home, or even trying to.
Tony paused. The one thing he didn’t want to do could be the reason he wouldn’t be given the work. What blacksmith didn’t make weapons, the number one sold item that brought in the coin? No one would hire him if he were to say it, but if he didn’t he’d have no choice but to create weapons to sell… he couldn’t, not again. “I don’t build weapons.”
fucking
“Then I'll try everything I can to subdue him, or get the Avengers to help me. I'm not letting go without a fight, Brucie, and I'm not going if you're not going.”
“Oh, Tony…” she reached out to him. When he didn’t reject her touch she pulled him closer to hold. “Oh… Tony…”
He landed face forward on the ground with a loud grunt and then whined slightly when he felt his sprained wrist thumping in pain. He heard Vision roll near him and felt when the machine reached his side. He also heard Jarvis flapping his wings over him, whistling in concern.
Bruce was leaning against an elbow and was smirking at the display. Jarvis had moved over to stand on the omega’s shoulder in order to avoid getting hit accidentally by Steve and was releasing squawks and whistles of joy. Vision rolled back and forth next to them, seeming to want to join in on the fun but holding back.
The betas walked over to the cart and Sam jumped to sit on it. Hank chose to leaned against it, head back to look at the sky. Not knowing what to do Tony and Bruce joined them, Tony lifting Vision on the cart when the little machine demanded to be placed on it and together the four waited patiently for the rest of the pack.
“Sweetheart…” Steve lowered his head for a second before crawling closer, eyes watching for any negative response to his actions. “I’ll tell Hank to keep his mixture with him.”
Rogers didn’t say anything but didn’t back away either as Tony took another step closer. Then another and then another. He was standing his ground as Tony challenged it. None of them backed off. Their noses were nearly touching now.
Still, when the Avengers who were standing and sitting down and not splashing about straightened up and gave acknowledging looks towards Steve’s direction Tony gave in to his desire and took another peek only to come upon the sight of a giant, golden wolf shaking his fur and shuffling his paws, and then Tony knew the reality of what was going on.
The other omega leaned in to whisper to him. “They're using you to make the Captain jealous and protective. He's defending
Sam joined Clint’s side. “We can always spend the rest of the time doing something else.” The two betas exchanged a brief glance, silently agreeing to something Tony didn’t think he wanted to know. “Preferably alone,” Clint finished.
Not even Hammer’s home had been this big. How were the Avengers able to pay for it?
Before long Jan and Hank returned with sticks in their mouth. They went back and forth from the spot they were resting to where the rest of the wood was apparently located. A fair sized camp fire was established soon enough and all they were missing was the improvised rock pans to start cooking. Those who were in their canine and lion forms quickly split the fish among the Avengers, creating piles all around, and waited patiently. When Bucky gave them the sign to go ahead they dug into the fish ravenously.
A couple of their packmates chuckled, obviously listening in and holding no shame in showing it. “Aye, Steven,” Thor said from the back of the lineup, “how dare you offend our fine blacksmith.”
“Already?” Bruce hurried to grab his knife and rushed behind a bush. Stealth was currently required and the best he could do without Hulk was the flimsy weapon in his hand. “The other guy is about this, Tony. I don't think I can do it,” Bruce whispered in a panic to Tony hiding with him. “I need him out.”
Tony had lost count of exactly how many times Steve had knotted him. With Tony’s fogged up mind, thanks to his heat, time had blended together. He didn’t even know if Steve had gone soft once in-between their rutting. Memories blurred and he could’ve sworn he and Steve had at one point remained knotted together for hours. With the way Steve hardly paused with his thrusting and his inflated knot practically became permanent, Tony would easily believe it.
Tony eyed the inside of the building, taking in the details of the rotting wood and dead grass sprouting through the cracked floor and the light leaking in through the holes of the walls. “Almost feels like it’s meant to be.”
reassuring if Tony were honest, that only a few number of shifters were able to work with runes. A certain magical quality was required in order for a shifter to manipulate the natural magic that rested in runes, and it just so happened that Tony had this magical quality. One that he tried his hardest to keep secret.
“Did you not want any of them to know?” Steve added after a while of Tony not talking.
Thor proclaimed victory and marched off to do more Thor things and Natasha took her chance to jump over the couch, roll when she misjudged her balance and still stopped perfectly in front of Tony, hair blowing in the wind and all. Tony gave her a gentle and respectful smooch, but Natasha would have none of that. She grabbed his face and peppered him with all the kisses, making sure to leave a lipstick mark on every inch of skin she could. Tony laughed and took it as a challenge, kissing back.
Stane blinked, caught unprepared. He hadn’t expected Tony to respond at all. Tony hadn’t expected it, either. “Care to repeat that?’
Jarvis flew over to rest on Tony's back, nipping affectionately. “Nonsense, Sir. Even with your advanced age you are able to handle a fright or two.”
Now that they were mere feet away from their home, he knew what his first task was going to be. His forge, improving his packmates’ equipment, a bath and food that his stomach could hopefully keep down. Not in that particular order. A bath was the most appealing on the list while food and forging were on equal standing. Actually… now that he thought about it, some food couldn’t hurt.
“It’s not done yet. We still need to plan the room that goes around all this. Help keep the flames going and prevent any rain from touching your tools. Just so happens Sam, Thor and Ben are skilled carpenters so we’ll get that room ready for you in no time,” Steve said, but all Tony had heard was the ‘your’ part.
“No one thought I’d live to see my eleventh year, let alone reach adulthood. I was destined to be put in the ground before I learned how to talk, and yet here I am,” Steve chuckled, as if he somehow found it funny. It wasn’t funny. “I was always sick, I was always struggling and I was always fighting as a child.”
“What if we want to?” Jan countered, tilting her head to the side. “It’s no trouble at all. We can set up a little campfire here.”
“Yes.”
Only the bottle of yellow liquid remained after the minute. Tony eyed it warily. He had his suspicions of what it could be.
“I will! I will. Wait for me, Mister.” The child was positively glowing now.
One look around the room showed it late, the sun gone. They must have slept the day away after their… activities - oh, who was he kidding - after their
“I,” Tony cursed as he felt his cheeks heat up. “I promised Steve I’d… go walking… with him.” All of them giving him a knowing smirk made his face burn up even more. He swore his complexion for making it so obvious.
“Hank sells these mixtures that help prevent unwanted pregnancies when a shifter is in the middle of their cycle or rut. One unplanned or if they have a last minute change of decision. From what I’ve heard him explain the mixtures sterilizes the intaker temporarily.”
“If I hadn't left without a word, if I hadn't been rash and left town none of it would've happened.” And it was true. If only Tony had been more careful…
Rhodey shrugged and Tony wanted to hit him for how casual he looked. As if it wasn’t important if he got discharged or not. “Probably. Doesn’t matter if I did or not either way.”
The question that had boggled his mind was;
“Loki.”
His heart skipped a beat and his breath was taken away when Steve stopped next to him. All the attention of the Commandos now on him.
“I'm sorry, that was rather insensitive on my part. I had to make sure. I've known Steve long enough and never thought I'd see this moment.”
Suddenly their faces turned uncharacteristically careful. “Haven’t been this serious about considering someone since courting Sam,” Clint revealed.
Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed. No beta reader so any mistakes you find are mine.
“Thanks a lot.” The last part was said in a tone so dry Tony wondered if a wasteland was coming their way over the horizon.
“Good night, Sir.”
Perhaps too sensual. Tony squirmed when he ran those hands down his sides, holding back a laugh as it tickled. Those hands soon ran over his front. Over his belly and then up his chest and when Steve’s fingers flicked his nipples it caused his entire body to shiver.
Tony and Bruce breathed out in relief. They still ended up looking at the pack leader for approval,
“And if they’re also wearing the gold champion bandana,” Jan adjusted the red, plain bandana he currently had on.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was in his wolf form with paws that couldn’t use the rune gauntlets. If he tried running head first they’d shoot him down before he could get within biting range. Bruce, well, Tony didn’t know what Bruce was capable of, both in his two legs or four, but he figured the other omega was just as defenseless as him and they were going to have to accept whatever fate they were destined for after these raiders were done with them.
That was when he realized he was still wearing Steve’s coat. He had forgotten to return it! There was no way Tony could keep the coat. It was an elegant coat, at least compared to Tony’s old red, worn, stitched version. The silver buttons and artistic edge designs made the coat look high-priced and the blue coloring made it fresh and graceful, and... new. Things that were no longer associated with Tony.
Steve tilted his head sideways. “Was the title forced on you? Did you even want to be one?”
“Your support will mean a lot.”
odd, but really
With newfound panic to motivate him Tony quickly started tucking his own blankets and coat away. The task going slow because of his still sore wrist and even slower when a well meaning Jarvis and Vision tried helping him. The cockatoo’s constant yanking on the edges hardly did anything but the little machine, with his nonexistent hands, rolled all over trying to push the fabric but instead nailed them in place with his weight. He was apparently going too slow because without another word Bruce began folding the blankets that Tony wasn’t holding and didn’t have Jarvis biting and Vision rolling over it.
“I'm pretty sure our pack are either sleeping or they've already taken one themselves. Now that you mentioned it I could do with a bath, too. Care for some company?”
“How about we hear from Tony himself before we keep praising Steve.” Jan’s tone suggested there was no alternative and left no room to protest from anyone, including himself.
Now, this. With Steve of all people, and it stemmed because of Tony. Peggy’s sharp gaze kicked off something and Steve had not enjoyed it one bit. The alpha was willing to have a standoff against the aggressor, even if it meant against an old friend.
Bruce snorted. “You’re not that old.”
Steve stopped kissing and frowned. He seemed to understand what Tony was asking for but didn’t look to like the idea. For a moment Tony thought Steve would be opposed to it, worried about repeating their first attempt, but after giving one last kiss on his folds Steve stood up and made quick work of his drawers and had his still present erection stand proudly between his legs. The tip had a harsh red to it from the lack of attention and was lathered in precum. With the slick Steve wiped away from his chin he smeared it on his dick and held it as he kneeled in-between Tony’s legs again.
Loki considered him, tilting his head. “I found myself curious of your response. You should have witnessed our dear Captain’s devastation when he believed your absence meant no. Even the Widow’s spirit seemed down. It was a sight to see, but was their sorrow true or was it from unlucky misfortune? Lo and behold, misfortune seems to have a play in it. How lucky for them.”
“Why?” He finally said.
“Hulk hate flies,” Hulk said and looked up as if searching for the pesky insects in question.
Tony understood the dangers. Hydra was in no sense perfectly organized, but it took a certain amount of skill, or a very strong leader, in order for multiple packs to follow the same path. Mutiny was a very big possibility, but somehow many Hydra packs have managed to avoid those all together. That alone in itself was enough to garner some respect. And their numbers all the more reason to respect the war packs who took the fight to them.
Tony shrugged. “One growled at me, but I don’t know which one. The leader didn’t actually react or anything. They just stood there, in the middle of walking, and stared at me. Nothing else.”
The grip he still had over chunks of the alpha’s fur tightened. The sensation of a tongue running over his skin was so foreign that it left Tony stiff and gaping because, good lord almighty, was Steve doing what he thought he was doing? Was Steve even aware that he was doing it?
Tony fought against the blush coloring his cheeks. It was a lost cause.
If Clint was open-minded to try a bow infused with elemental runes perhaps Tony had a way to show his awe to the beta.
On the bright side I ended up going back and rewriting the draft for FP, so expect things to be a little more darker than I originally intended. It just sort of happened.
“Don’t let him hear you say that, otherwise he’ll never stop.” As if to prove their points Vision made a show of trying to roll down the bed covers he could reach in order to make a ramp for himself and crying out in outrage when Jarvis grabbed those same covers and flapped his wings to pull them back. Vision continued rolling and Jarvis continued pulling. It was a never ending game.
Bruce’s eyebrows rose up and in his eyes comprehension set in. His eyes soon turned soft and he gave Tony a grateful smile. “I appreciate the concern, Tony. Thank you, but like I told Natasha I don’t mind not running. Don’t miss this for my sake.”
a long time ago. Don’t even get me started on Thor.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I mean, if you think you can handle my shift you can go for it, but I’m telling you now the other guy doesn’t seem to be a gentle lover.”
“Say what now?” Sam said slowly. He tilted his head to the side in order to lift one ear higher. “I swear I heard you say Bruce and Hulk are one in the same.”
“He mentioned it to me,” Bucky said as he gently smacked Steve’s unresponsive face. “When he went over future plans.”
the pack. He had them while being
Steve thought about it. “What do you say, Peggy? I don’t want to overstep.”
Pride.
It was a pile. Not a completely close pile where everyone was in contact with two other pack mates, but a pile none the less. And with Bruce pressing against his back, and Jarvis and Vision pressing on his stomach and one side of his face buried in Steve’s fur Tony felt content and… and… giddy. Giddy from how
“You are a fine leader, Captain, and our pride is honored to have you take us through many victories, but are you confident you will manage a chase against I?”
“Soon you will lose your humanity and the beast will be released. Have you felt it? The sudden loss of control? The dragon takes over and you lose yourself completely.”
Hank didn’t need to continue. Tony already knew where it was leading. When it came to a female-male beta pair, the female was always expected to carry. Tony never understood why that was the case, or how long ago that tradition had started, but it kept among the older generation and passed down to the new. Tony had only been aware because his own father spoke of it, but Tony grew during the time that mentality had slowly died out. He was not sure of Hank’s own age, or Jan’s, but they must have grown up close to his time, seeing as they had no trouble agreeing to switch in order to raise their chances for a pup.
Steve put a warm hand on his Jarvis-free shoulder and appeared to be preening. “The coat looks good on you.”
And we've got new members for the pack! Hooray!
“Are you sure?”
? What kind of pack
He both doesn’t remember and remembers too much about the events. He’s both thankful for not remembering his hand at ending the many lives of their captors, and horrified of what he’s capable of with no control over his body. Of what pure rage could do.
Feral alphas have their rage command their bodies while their desperation and fear give it its prey.
“Not your assistant, Tones.”
A long moment of silence. “You can’t mean that.”
“Tony… the last thing your scent should be described as is a rotting corpse. It doesn’t
Raising a pup alone wasn’t unheard of, but it wasn’t the family Tony had imagined for himself either. He wasn’t even sure if he was ready to take on the responsibility of caring for another life.
Tony wondered how long it truly had been since the Avengers saw their home. In fact, he wondered what they had been doing prior to meeting him and Bruce. Saving a town, perhaps? Or fighting off raiders? Maybe even fighting against one of the many Hydra packs out there.
Thor hovered his hands over Tony’s body, checking for injuries. Both internal and external. When he found none too severe, he focused his hands over Tony’s belly, closing his eyes. Tony watched as Thor’s hands glowed white ever so slightly. He felt nothing on his person but he could see whatever spell Thor was using at work.
your protection, Omega. It’s a small sacrifice for safety.”
Still, Steve managed a chuckle. “I am. I'm so determined to try. So determined to earn it, if only you'd stop thinking whatever it is you're always thinking that makes you doubt me.”
The outfit itself was a masterpiece on its own, but with Tony wearing it? He couldn’t deny he looked almost noble in it, but he didn’t do it the great justice it deserved. The outfit was expertly done and if worn by someone, Steve for example or even Thor, it would’ve looked stunning, for both the shifters and the clothing. With Tony, however, it looked, well, it looked beautiful in on itself, and it made Tony look better than any outfit he’d worn before. Any of the outfits worn when he was in his father’s pack and even Hammer’s didn’t come close to this one single set. Jan really knew what she was doing.
A loud but muffled screech interrupted him and made them both part away in a jump. The screech came from the direction of the window and was accompanied by the sounds of scratching and pecking on the glass. Confused but tensed from anticipating danger, Steve slowly rose and moved quickly to grab the closest item to act as a weapon, that being a candlestick. Once armed he made his way to the window. Tony watched him go in appreciation, eyes following the alpha’s rear. He couldn’t be faulted for doing so, even if the situation didn’t call for it.
“Please. Let me finish saying what I have to say,” Jan took a long inhale. “This should never have happened. Your heat… Steve near a rage… what Hank said. It could’ve all been avoided if we did what we were supposed to, but we didn’t. You’re in heat, Steve nearly entered a rage and Hank was right on what he said. There’s nothing we can do about it now, but the blame is not yours alone to take. I was supposed to give you the suppressants, but I didn’t, and I’m partially responsible for this. I’m sorry.”
After a moment of their leader doing this, the others still missing from their circle appeared one by one. They each settled on their own spot, watching the pair and waiting for one of them to start. Tony’s ears went low when he noticed Hank lagging behind and sitting the farthest away. The beta might have been facing them, but his eyes were aimed at the ground. Hank wasn’t alone for long. Jan soon joined his side, rubbing her snout against his. Hank continued staring through her affection down but adjusted his head in order for her to go under in a hug. His snout rested over her head.
Then brightened again the next day when he heard it again.
that stare so much.
“We’ll be right behind you, I promise, but we have to get going
Brucie, who he had shared a shack with, whom he had gone through thick and thin in a timeframe of a couple of months side by side, who he entrusted to watch over his two children -
Blood and heat rushed south faster than Tony could’ve tried mentally stopping it. Not that he believed he could put a stop to it. Not with the way his body just pulsed in anticipation and memories and the pleasurable sensation he had experienced hours prior raced in his mind and through his nerves. A need grew within him. A need only his alpha could’ve filled.
The video he’s provided starts with SHIELD agents huddled together behind the Winter Soldier and War Machine on one side of a door. Black Widow, Hawkeye, Falcon and Thor on the other. The Hulk can be heard rampaging in the background with the sounds of gunfire accompanying him.
Had he been in the military he would’ve been considered a deserter. Under a war pack, he’d be an abandoner. As Tony Stark, fearing to face disappointment and consequences, he was weak. Simple as that.
That hope grew ever slightly more with her persistence. Sooner or later she’ll run him down with it until believing her was all he’d have left.
“J-Jarvis,” he whispered hoarsely, pleading.
In a surprising turn of events (though maybe not that surprising all things considering), shortly after Steve finally agreed to include Tony and Rhodey in the contract with the promise the two would listen to every order he said, from up the stairs Bruce appeared along with Pepper and Happy. The omega determined to say something while the two betas gazed curiously at the whole scene.
“I’m… sorry,” Tony didn’t know what to say. What
, should’ve been out of the Avenger’s pay rate, especially when the Avengers were widely known for completing certain contracts and not accepting the pay.
Oh, how Tony had missed it. The caress of his mate. The love and affection. A far cry from his imprisonment and its treatment. A far cry from what anyone in his past would have ever given him.
“Are you going to?” Bruce interrupted his thoughts.
“Of course. Hard not to when you’re mated to one of them.”
Tony furiously tried rubbing away any evidence but he knew it was a lost cause. The alpha had seen the tears and there was no way to deny it. Now what would Steve think? Watching the omega he was interested in cry for no reason? Showing weakness and burning any potential strength the alpha thought Tony to have to the ground?
Alone and feeling the coldest he ever had, he managed to get himself off the floor. He grimaced at the wet feeling in his pants and attributed his shivering to it. This… this was not how his night was meant to end. He had enough problems as it was. He didn’t need a fucking sexual crisis to go with it.
Who was she for Steve to have done that? Someone of importance in Steve’s life, no doubt. Someone who Tony knew nothing about and Steve had never mentioned.
That prompted many of them to quicken their steps. Pepper dug her heels in an attempt to slow them down but one of the betas eventually grew tired of her struggles and lifted her up effortlessly. This did not slow her as she began to kick wildly at anyone who got within reach of her legs. Tony held back a smile. That was his Pepper. Happy and their packmates would be so proud, if not for the fact she and he were being taken away from them all.
Steve held him long after the apology, long after the alpha’s tears dried up and long after their declaration of love. Now it was just a matter of who dared to move first and stop their loving moment together. Tony almost didn’t want either of them to give in, content with having Steve wrapped around him, protective and relaxed and filling Tony’s nose with his soothing scent. He could have stayed like that all the way until the sun descended and the moon basked the land under its light. He could have, but eventually they’d have to start their tired muscles or risk getting a cramp or two.
“He sees your true worth, Sir. Something that pathetic alpha failed to acknowledge.”
This chapter ended up being longer than I wanted, but it certainly was fun!
“I will excuse the first occurrence of your grief for the start of your healing, but I will not allow a second in my presence. And it shouldn't be a surprise that I have knowledge of your skills. I am, after all, a wielder of natural magic and am capable of sensing others,” and with that Loki turned around and walked deeper in the room without another word.
Towards the end there's a bit of a switch off to drama, so get ready for that.
omega, and I will always protect my omega. They won’t touch you again. No one will ever hurt you again.”
So, no, he didn’t want to swim and reveal the mess that was his body to the Avengers.
“I am aware of where you reside, Clinton. Slumber with a cautious eye,” Thor warned with his own wave of a fist.
Bucky nodded. “I agree. Get to eating. We’ll be leaving soon.”
He had followed after Rhodey with confidence down the stairs but as they got closer to the bottom and the first set of packmates came into view that confidence disappeared. The traitor. What would their packmates say? How would they react to the idea of bringing the rest along? To be precise, the two omegas along? What did they believe of them? Were they truly just meant to be den omegas and nothing else?
He would have continued staring at the pair if the alpha resting on him didn’t make a rumbling whine and shifted. Steve’s chest expanded as he took in a deep breath and he rotated his head so his snout was tucked behind Tony’s ear.
“I figured. You usually think ahead, but this time? Worst decision to date, and at the start of your heat? If some raiders or scavengers had gotten close enough to smell you -”
“Not so great hearing someone else put themselves down now, is it?”
“Trust me, you’re enough. All I want. If I try anymore I’ll get a heart attack.”
“Now you sound like Clint.”
up for the intrusion.
“You know,” Rhodey said, interrupting their silence, “as far as pregnancy announcements go, this was by far the most elaborate. Only you would create such a scene, Tones.”
pack knew. Jarvis and Vision knew. Steve literally had numerous betas and omegas try to get his attention when they first met us and he
I should have tagged and said this from the start, but for some reason I never got to it. This a/b/o fic has intersex/hermaphrodites as a norm here. Most of the second genders are, two of them aren’t. There’s going to be an intimate scene in the next chapter (sorry Kigichi, I lied. I changed things up after our conversation in the comments) so I felt I should’ve warned you now so you can decide to continue or not. If you continue reading get ready for some steamy action.
He couldn't see Steve's reaction, but from the corner of his eye, he could see his mate was looking at him. Eyes of condolence, Tony would imagine. That seemed in character for his alpha. Always worried for him.
“We must keep you on your toes, Sir. We are your charges. We can't allow you to rest,” Jarvis said with satisfaction. Vision whistled in agreement, following his lead.
Jan and Hank were the only ones who didn't make a grab for any of their weapons, leaving them strapped to their bodies and waiting for the moment an enemy was in their eyesight. As for Tony and Bruce, there was a little issue in that the weapons of their choice were on the loud and obvious side and they came to the conclusion that they were strong on the
Tony coughed awkwardly, rubbing the side of his flushing face. He was thankful Jarvis and Vision were not in the room with them, saving him from
Steve seemed to snap out of whatever mentality he had been. He visibly appeared surprised by his own actions, shook his head, and sheepishly ducked his head down for a second before standing tall and proud. He made a noise that sounded suspiciously like an embarrassed whine, “Who are your friends?”
Steve took a moment to lift his head and rest his chin on Tony’s chest to look at him. His eyes were sparkling again under the light of the moon. The sun long gone by now. He looked almost peaceful, relaxed, and Tony could smell the contentment radiating off of him. “Tell me about your Rhodey growling at anyone who disrespected you. Sounds like my kind of friend.”
Steve never seized to amaze Tony every day on how he handled things. It was so different to Hammer. Tony hadn't realized the significant difference between Steve and Hammer that he was going to witness before joining the Avengers, but now that it was happening before his very eyes he had to wonder, was Steve and the pack truly this kindhearted, or had Tony been purely unlucky and ended up with one of the cruelest shifters alive as his pack leader and mate?
Another apology for apologizing so much was on his lips but a different growl, one that wasn’t so soft or well meant, started behind him. Rhodey pulled away to look at the one responsible and when Tony turned to see who it was he was met with Steve’s frown. No, not him,
There was shuffling inside but the door remained closed. A careful turn of the knob revealed the door unlocked and he took a quick breath before opening it and stepping through. The sight he found made his heart break.
“Bucky can handle whatever the Captain is needed for. You’re more important to me.”
“Never said I didn’t.
Might end up just being some angst.
Tony’s breath hitched.
“Fine,” he sighed. “Fine.”
As for Steve, Tony was positive the alpha had fallen asleep on his lap. He hadn’t moved for sometime now besides the expanding and contracting of his ribs when he breathed. And while it was all fine and dandy for the alpha Tony’s back was starting to ache from having sat hunched over and he couldn’t feel his legs anymore. It was going to be torture moving them. On top of that he and Bruce needed to return back to the shacks, lest they wanted a new wandering beta or omega thinking their shack was free and claim it for their own.
Grooming. Tony’s head supplied. Jan and Clint were grooming their mates, and their mates hadn’t done anything besides roll over in order to initiate the grooming. They didn’t ask, didn’t whine, didn’t… beg - for their mates to groom them. And their mates looked happy to do so. Looked almost pleased from it, as if they enjoyed it.
He ran as fast as his legs could go, to the point of feeling an intense burn from the excessive use his muscles were suffering. He needed to see who was responsible for reminding him of the familiarity. Because if it was who he thought it was… he needed to see him
. It was almost the exact spitting image on the papers he read of them once, minus Steve wearing his armor. He almost couldn’t believe it.
They seemed to have a lot in common. Down from the acceptance of their doomed pack-lessness to their hesitation to even attempt to make themselves visible when a wandering pack made a brief stop near the shacks. What was the point, if they were truly honest with themselves? It wasn’t as if any of the other betas and omegas even gave them a chance at it. They would always crowd around the packs in an attempt to give the leader alpha a good look at their potential and would try and make small conversation with the pack members to earn points with them.
Still, watching the two beta pairs openly showing endearment, no hesitation or disgust whatsoever, made Tony envy them. He longed for it. Quietly stared at them wistfully. What he would give to have received the same treatment years ago.
Tony wanted to complain at that, to ask why he stopped and just in general beg for him to continue what he was doing. He must have showed it all on his face because Steve chuckled breathlessly and gave his inner thighs kisses as if asking for forgiveness. He latched onto his left thigh with his lips and sucked, leaving behind a bruise. Then out of nowhere he bit down and made Tony hiss from both pain and pleasure. That was certainly a first.
Tony didn’t look at the child as he said “Take care of yourself, kid,” and went after Hammer.
“Holy... shit,” Bucky was standing next to him, sharing a similar expression as him. “I want Rhodey.”
A blush appeared as Steve turned around to growl a “
Rhodey was awesome and usually offered him a glass of water upon his return followed by questioning if his wallet and keys were still on him and reminded him to eat up. He also advised him to enjoy it all while it lasted because age was catching up and erectile dysfunction was a bitch. A real fear that was brought up each time he mentioned it. The asshole.
“Can't make that promise. I'll be lying if I did.”
Get off of me!”
“Don’t you want a bath?” Steve shut the window and closed the shutters, giving them their privacy again.
“No it’s
- that was everything to him. It was more than he could have asked for.
Steve’s fingers seized their motion and splayed over his skin, palms pressed under his naval and staying still. “Tony… do you want to?”
The alpha scratched his chin. “Don’t know how or -?”
. As in plural. We have to be careful with this one or
What Tony would give to be able to sleep like them right now. He usually could. Having Jarvis and Vision so close to him always made him feel content and he’d get knocked out the moment he closed his eyes, but after all the excitement that occurred and the conversation he had with Steve, well, it was safe to say he wasn’t sleeping for a while.
In a tense moment where they waited for the hydra to make its move they were surprised and downright shocked when the beast began laughing. It had stopped growling and began laughing in a heavy and terrifying tone. Even through it's chuckles the hydra never once took its eyes off them.
The alpha leaned in and pressed a kiss on Tony’s forehead. A small act that gave Tony the world.
“Just incredible?” Sam teased. “Not life changing? The greatest cake you’ve ever tasted? It doesn’t make you want to be my mate?”
He twitched when he felt Jarvis peck  his cheek softly and whined when he did it again. The bird was relentless and showed no pity for him as he continued in a pattern. Vision decided to aid by gently rolling to bump against his side, lazily doing it over and over again until finally Tony gave in, gave a groan and got up.
, paused, “it matters not. What does matter is your phenomenal arrival. Nearly an hour late. How marvelous. Clearly you wish to become a member of the pit.”
“Of course we will, but behave. Don’t hurt Tony,” May shook her head.
No, he wasn’t. He really wasn’t, but he wanted to do this, and with Jarvis, Vision and Bruce at his side he knew he could do this. “Never and always,” Tony breathed, “Never and always.”
He held onto that small hope with all his might.
“Clearly you have to hear it if you’re still doing this. What you do behind closed doors is none of our concern, Stark, but when you advertise it so blatantly it becomes the Avengers’ business. You’re Iron Man. You’re a big face for the Avengers. How do you think it reflects on us when Iron Man behaves
Tony felt himself pale. “H-how did you -?”
Steve was jealous of him. He wished he could show off his own genius, but Tony would never willingly piggyback on him. Tony wasn’t even out cold yet either. The genius was on the other side of the room, laughing and chatting with the Colonel. Both flushed and both leaning against each other to remain standing. Miss Potts was also there, sleeping soundly on a loveseat next to them. She had stopped by to personally wish them well wishes and give gifts but made the mistake of spotting the table full of drinks and snacks and there was no going back.
This was expected, from Tony’s understanding. He was well aware of how the partners of those who had recently gone through a heat would be extra vigilant and very protective against others. They viewed most as potential threats wanting to move into his territory and stake their own claim on their mate. Steve was no different as he eyed all the town’s citizens warily. He was following a deep instinct carried by all, and with the way the citizens were eying them he was justified to do so.
, “time flies when you’re sleeping.”
“Tony!” Tony flinched and quickly stood up, almost knocking the child over. Hammer was making his way over and he looked frustrated. “Where have you been? We’ve been looking all over for you. I’m done here, it’s time to leave this town. The faster the better.”
He woke up again some time later to the same warmth and heartbeat, but the smell that was Steve got mixed in with other scents. A dazed look around and he found all the Avengers had gotten closer, still in their shifted forms. Bucky was curled up next to Steve, the fur around their hips touching. Over Tony, curled up near Bruce, was Natasha, and besides Natasha was Clint and Sam tucked in together with their limbs disappearing within each other. Jan and Hank were no better with the disappearing limbs, in-between Clint and Sam and Thor and Loki. As for the latter, the lion was stretched out on his side, showing his belly to the world and the python was sprawled over the fuzzy surface, his head tucked and hidden inside the mane.
There was no mirth, no playfulness anywhere in Rhodey’s stance. Dark, steeled eyes pierced at Steve. Tony could feel his alpha’s own muscles tighten up, something that had him worried.
Except for their entire team. Sam and Bucky decided to be jerks and left to celebrate the night with Sam’s parents. They had told Steve it was an important thing. Something about Bucky meeting the parents, but Steve still thought they were mean.
Their equipment was the first step. He trusted them with the advantages his runes could give. He knew they wouldn’t betray him and use them for vile purposes. He was now willing to start pulling his own weight in protecting those he couldn’t live without. To protect his mate. His best friend. His two unusual kids he’d raised and nurtured. The family he’d found in this mismatched pack of shifters created of canines, a feline and a serpent. To protect them all.
He apologies and apologies, asking for forgiveness and feeling so damn hollow when they give it to him. Feeling an open wound bleeding and throbbing in his heart. Bile rising in his throat each time the phantom taste of blood returns upon looking at Bucky’s arm. Looking at Sam’s throat. Of what could have happened.
Loki glared at the feline shifter. “I did no such thing.”
For good reason.
Similarly to his previous damaged shields, Steve had wanted to leave it behind and obtain a new one, but Tony wouldn’t allow him to surrender the poor thing. Instead, in the next town they had visited, Tony went directly to the blacksmith and asked for permission to use their tools, their anvil and their forge. Unsurprisingly the blacksmith, and many blacksmiths after, had laughed at the prospect of an omega using a forge, but all of the Avengers’ alphas were quick to silence the first few unlucky ones who were to learn firsthand not to mock one of their own.
“Good. Wear Iron Man with pride. I know for sure it’s going to be a name shifters will fear, and maybe even a name people will swoon over and want to take a look,” the wink the beta gave was soon accompanied by five pillows aiming for his face and a sixth thrown by Steve (that he had somehow gotten at one point during Clint’s speech) with enough force to knock him on the ground. It didn’t stop Clint from laughing. “Cap, you’re possessiveness is showing.”
Another beep.
Tony quickly scrambled his head for something to say. He had to be careful as to not accidentally insult Jan, but at the same time he couldn’t say something that made him sound vain. “I look, uh, handsome. More so than usual,” he added to put a playful spin and show he wasn’t serious.
“Really short, honestly.”
The public from all ends of the political background. His representative, Miss “You do this on purpose” Smith. Pepper. Rhodey when he’d be having a bad day and needed a reason to vent. Good ol’ one-eyed Saint Nick when Tony so much as looked at one of his agents.
Too bad his emotions didn’t agree as the familiar heavy pang of dejection filled his chest. This should be no different from Hammer, but the faces of well-known heroes attached to the jabs were not helping.
to him?”
“H-huh,” Tony managed. The Avengers? He had heard of the Avengers pack. They were a war pack mixed with a side of military that fought against wrongdoers and were led by the one and only
Tony looked at the floor and said nothing. To have what he had been doing for years be spoken out loud by someone else was a humiliation that had tears building up all over again. He couldn’t even respond back to it, and that told Loki enough.
“No, just curious. Where’s your beta mate? Where's Sharon?”
At the moment he walked alongside his tiny family through a sea of two legs and four. Peter sat comfortably on his back while Ben kept a hand on him to prevent the child from falling off. Tony was careful to not jerk the child around but the extra help from Ben was always welcomed. The last thing he wanted was to hurt his boy.
Rhodey’s eyes landed on him and Tony could see the moment he recognized him. Those eyes lit up, wide and hopeful. “Tony?”
very sensitive to - no, sensitive isn’t the right word I want to use. We have -” she shut her eyes, “memories. Bad memories. Bad experiences.”
Eventually the alpha finally went to sleep. Tony not far behind. Secured in the knowledge that he won’t get left behind just yet. That he still had some time to enjoy before it all crashed and burned around him.
“I’m sorry,” he quickly apologized. “I didn’t mean to. I didn’t know if you were male or female and went for the first option that I thought of. Please don’t claw my eyes out.”
When Steve deemed the tears gone he settle down on the ground, pawing softly in a manner suggesting he wanted to get closer. Tony looked to a spot on the ground before nodding, not having the courage to meet Steve's eye after his mind decided to unhelpfully bring up the past life he lived. He didn't want Steve to see.
“Could they be den omegas? That would explain why they’re with them.”
Then what did you mean by it? Were you to actually laugh but your body confused it with tears?” the serpent sneered.
Tony pouted, far too relieved to care he was doing so. His pack didn’t know, and if they did they didn’t care. They weren’t going to force him to do anything. “I don’t just do pots and pans.”
One look around and he spotted a separate room from the building itself. A small sign on it saying ‘open.’ The sound was coming from there.
of all shifters. What had Tony done in a previous life that even the Captain, who dedicated himself to helping people and keeping them safe, wanted to humiliate him?
“Sweetheart if we all got mad for staring at each other’s privates we would’ve killed each other a long time ago. I can’t tell you how many times I caught them looking at me and I lost count of how many times they looked at
For a moment Steve made no sound as he let the information sink in. Once he decided to speak Tony, somewhere deep in the part of him that still believed the alpha capable, feared he was going to demand weapons from him on the spot, but instead all the alpha said was “Did Ben give you the work?”
The response was immediate. Steve growled and began swiping the offending paw, but he still refused to move. When everything else Bucky said after that ended in failure he switched tactics and leaned his snout down to grab at the difficult alpha and pull him up. But instead of grabbing chunks of Steve’s fur like Tony had believed Bucky avoided anything to do with the alpha and went for Tony’s coat collar and tugged. Tony moved perhaps an inch before Steve struck and bit his second in command’s snout with a bark.
His alpha smiled as he waved him over. “Tony, come here please.”
“It didn’t work anyway.”
“That does
Thor had a sad smile. “Worry not, my friend. They are strong canines with golden hearts, but even a warrior will fall from reopened scars.”
Vision was about to release the string of sounds again but Tony turned him away to face his stomach. “No, that’s enough from you, and don’t you dare, Jarvis.”
By the time the three missing pack-mates made an appearance everyone had mostly finished their plates. Some still had a few bites left to chew, others had nothing and were just waiting for the rest to catch up. Steve, Bucky and Natasha were also wearing light armor and looked ready to order everyone to get going. Tony moved to get up, mentally giving his plate that he had yet to finish an apology and cursing himself for being a slow eater.
The two grumps mentioned shrugged.
scamp manage to win you over?” He pointed his thumb to Steve. “Certainly not his charm. Alpha wouldn’t know how to compliment if it hit him in the face.”
It was natural to be so, considering Tony and Bruce were new to the pack and still unfamiliar. There was also the added aspect of them being omegas, and from the way the Avengers behaved with respectable manners (when the moments called for it, otherwise Tony was getting the idea the Avengers were a very playful pack) it was naturally expected for newly added omegas to have space of their own, especially unmated omegas, and slowly get included into the pack pile.
But yes, a few more to go! We're almost at the end!
omega.
“Comic heroes? Like those superheroes Steve keeps reading?” Bucky wasn’t fooling any of them. They knew he loved comics just as much as Steve, especially Marvels. “Are we dealing with new superhumans?”
“What’s the matter?” Steve tilted his head in question.
The carriage lunged forward. The horses having been whipped to go faster. A trotting pace now. Further and further away they went and Tony was left to only guess the fate of his two dear friends.
“We want you on our bed.”
Steve's eyes softened. “No, if you're tired then we stop here. I won't push. How about sleeping tomorrow after eating?”
In response Vision released a long note before scoffing and turning his head.
“It’s not my fault you decided to wake up right as it was happening.”
He leaped over Clint and his couch, tripped when the room spun in place, nearly knocked the coffee table over and managed to stand before Tony in one piece. Tony snickered, cheeks pink and bright, mumbled something incoherent and leaned up to give Steve his very much wanted kiss. It was sweet and gentle and very much short and landed on the corner of Steve’s lips.
Jan cupped his face. “Tony you
“Of course we are, ma’am,” Dugan easily agreed. “It has been a long time coming. After all the stories he’s been telling about his omega that got away, it’s damn good he finally found ‘im.”
He was careful to avoid eye contact with the many shifters he passed. The buildings were slowly disappearing now. The number of citizens decreasing along with it. His instincts calmed down with every step and with every breath until eventually he could walk easily. The road was empty and the wind rustling the branches and leaves and the running water was soothing to him. Music to his ears.
“You’ve seen him go through this before?”
? He was dropped in so suddenly and unprepared. Thor probably meant well by trying to include him but what if the others didn't share the same sentiment? He was barging in on their time, disturbing their relaxation, interrupting them. He needed to excuse himself somehow without insulting them and without guilting them into staying.
Rhodey/Sam
“The day you decide to start working, yes. I’m in no hurry.”
They pushed forward, making excellent progress as one after another enemies fell. At one point it had almost appeared as if they’ve taken down all of the Hydra patrols. They had gone a whole ten or so minutes without another soul seen besides them. It felt absolutely wrong and sent them on edge. Even Clint agreed.
Tony hunched his shoulders when they all began chatting eagerly to each other and shooting him and Bruce looks. Instinctively he searched for Vision on the cart to make sure his little machine was fine. Jarvis huddled closer, signalling he was safe as well.
Tony remained quiet as he nodded.
Tony whined softly. “I - I left this morning to head to town for work.”
Perhaps one day he’d see once they meet up again, wherever they were.
“Well it's nothing important.”
Lastly, they threw a sack by his feet. The content inside rattled as it hit the floor. Years of working with the items made it easy to recognize they were runes. Hammer and Stane really wanted those gauntlets. They had everything ready and waiting for him.
It is said an alpha that goes feral is forever changed. Makes them violent. Makes them crave blood. Crave the hunt. Makes them too risky to keep in society. Brutal animals that need to be put down.
He felt himself flush. So they
By proximity, Rhodey had kept within eyesight of them while Widow, Winter, and Falcon followed the Captain to sneak to the fort and take down the pillars. The rest took post parallel to where Tony was in the forest, just on the edge of the clearing, and were prepared to do what Tony’s half was also doing. Vision stuck close while Jarvis took off, acting as their eye in the sky. Tony silently prayed for his safety.
to them instead of nothing more than an omega meant to pleasure them.
Tony nodded, feeling too emotional to give a verbal response.
“You both are no help,” Jan huffed.
“We want your pups.”
For his efforts, he received a bunch of beeps and chirps that could only be interpreted as sass coming from the machine. At least that had Bruce laughing at their interactions. It was a plus.
Tony shrugged. “Injuries love me. It’s my talent.”
“As am I,” Thor included.
The start of that realization had come from Steve. As his alpha, Steve was the main source in comparing Hammer’s previous actions. From the good to the bad. He was the first to begin helping Tony truly understand the environment he had been led to believe was normal. To reveal the true extent of it all, his Rhodey was the one to sit him down and layout the work.
Jan trotted forward. Her ears were flat with anger. “What do you mean
For hours they marched, finding the shacks the shifters from Brook had promised in little under six hours. To their luck, they found one shack available, but only that one shack. Bruce had hesitated to share a shack before but Tony was tired and falling asleep on his feet and so, without much thought, he had grabbed Bruce by his sleeve and yanked him inside the shack. He left him to do his own and stripped himself down to shift for the night.
“No, I do not. Separating the pack doesn’t guarantee safety. What if we
There was also something else he remembered from time to time. There wasn’t exactly anything incredible that occurred in it or anything good that came from it besides making Tony feel... worth something.
“You didn’t even give me a chance for bribery.”
Tony wouldn’t allow it. He wouldn’t see that pained expression again. He had to prevent it. He had to run and never look back. Even if it meant death for him. He had to run.
“You smell of home,” Steve said immediately. As if having expected the question and was ready for it. “When I first met you. My nose wasn’t the greatest but when you kneeled down close to me I smelled it. You smelled of home. Mama always said your fated mate will remind you of home. Where you’re safest and happiest and where you know your loved ones will always be.”
Confusion riddled his dark eyes, but Rhodey put his rifle down nonetheless. “What?”
Years later and Tony still hadn’t figured out how he had earned Rhodey as a friend. Perhaps that was where all his early years of luck went to. Finding the alpha. If that were the case Tony would go through years with Hanmer as his alpha all over again if it meant getting Rhodey. He managed to survive it once, what's another go at it for the sake of finding  Rhodey?
If it hadn’t been for Bucky, Sam’s end would’ve been there, attempting to rescue his two teammates but instead getting killed by one.
Rhodey arched an eyebrow, tail twitching in interest. “Really now?”
“I was just thinking of getting some bread and cheese to snack on,” he admitted. He wasn’t exactly sure what he could make without waking their entire pack up. Bread and cheese was usually the safest bet.
The abrupt tongue swipe on his nose had him snapping from his thoughts and opening his eyes in shock. He had not expected to see the Hulk and his snout so close to his own and he certainly hadn’t expected the lick and his head going low in submission from the giant.
“I won’t say a word if you don’t want me to,” Steve whined and tucked his snout again, “but our packmates are sharp. They
The beta stood with his arms crossed, trying to make himself look bigger. He appeared familiar and Tony scrambled his head trying to remember why that was. When the beta spoke Tony realized who it was.
Tony’s lips wobbled slightly as he tried to smile. “I believe you.” He closed his eyes, hoping it was enough. “I believe you.”
Acting wise Rhodey put his rifle away over his shoulder. “Uh, nice to meet you, Hulk.”
Tony smiled. “You promised to always protect those who need protecting?” It was very much like Steve to promise something along those lines. It was probably the reason for his title as The Captain.
“They’re just giving you a hard time, Steve,” Peggy said as she walked closer to them. “They’re happy for you, aren’t you, gentlemen?”
Loki lifted the staff high in the air and striked to the direction of the cart. The wood gave a creak and shuddered as the handles straightened out and remained perfectly horizontal to the ground. Watching the entire movement Tony could’ve sworn the wheels of the cart lost tension, lost the pressure the cart placed on them, as if somehow it had gotten lighter. Sam going higher along with it only confirmed his study.
“Do you want this?” she said with a careful tone. There was more to the question, hidden from those unaware.
More porn in the beginning but finally some fighting action for the rest of the chapter! Tony, Rhodey and Bruce getting ready to show them how it's done.
“I was going to say assigning you to make sure they don’t snap and destroy everything in sight. We need to make sure they don’t become a danger to the public.”
Maybe.
“Humility you say?” Clint said and inched closer to them. He took a brief pause to think it over before turning back to Sam. “Humility?”
Bruce shrugged, trying to appear mortified.
the famous explorer and adventurer Tony Stark.
(Psssst, check out my other fic with Winter Soldier!Tony. I finally finished it!
“He would've done more than that! I could've seriously hurt them.”
“Okay, open your eyes,” May said when the carriage was set perfectly for view.
Tony wondered what Rhodey would think of him now if he saw what twenty-something years with Hammer had done to him. Would Rhodey even recognize him? Probably not.
As a long-time best friend and brother who essentially grew up with Tony, he knew exactly what Tony had gone through. Spending his time with Rhodey had really opened up his eyes to his mistreatment under Hammer’s watch. When Tony was finally able to hear and speak about Hammer and Stane without trembling, his Honey Bear wasted no time in listing it all. Rhodey did not mince his words about his ex-alpha and, oddly enough, he was largely vocal about
“I’ll… try.”
Defeat heavy on his shoulders and little hope to continue he searched for a tree large enough to provide cover and safety from attacks aimed at his blindsides. He curled up by its roots. The bark of the large tree against his side gave him enough reassurance to push the dangers and threats of the forest away from his mind. The only thought running through his head was that of how royally he had botched his only chance and how he had nearly jeopardized his pack’s safety.
Bucky studied them both, as if trying to find a visible clue that contradicted what Steve had said. “Not yet at least.” He was met with two sets of pillows aimed at his head with precision.
It's feelings more than anything with porn at the end. Brief porn, but it's there.
Just like that both the cockatoo and machine stood straight as if never having posed in the first place and clawed and rolled back towards Tony. He reached his arm out in order to let Jarvis walk over and reach his shoulder and gave Vision a pat over his metal head. When they settled down he gave the beta a sheepish smile. “So that’s Jarvis and this is Vision. Stay on their good side and you have nothing to worry about. Get on their bad and you’ll have a bird attacking you from the sky and a machine rolling over your toes.”
notice me more vigilant of you and will want to know the reason why. And because I’m doing it they’ll start doing it, too. If it’s important enough for the Captain to keep watch, it’s important enough for the Avengers to do it as well.”
“Half an hour?” Tony repeated in distress. His cycle’s peak was almost among them. They didn’t have half an hour before Tony’s body caused them both to become impaired.
“So you’re the reason why Clint came back to us ready to hump the nearest tree,” Natasha said offhandedly from her spot squatting near Pepper. Her nose twitched in an obvious manner, and considering this was Natasha it was evident she wanted everyone to know what she meant by it.
With more effort than he thought he made his way backwards. He was about to turn and walk back up the stairs when he was a good distance away from the door when out of nowhere someone wrapped an arm around his shoulders, mindful of the nesting cockatoo, and began practically lifting him back towards the kitchen.
Tony looked away to face the ground, muttered a quick “Sorry” before he grabbed Vision with his uninjured arm and quickly pushed through the crowd. He made himself look as small as possible. Once through the crowd, he jogged over to Bruce and it was a deja vu all over again. Bruce took in his crumpled state and the way he held his arm and sternly ordered him to sit as he looked him over, again. Jarvis landed on his shoulder and nipped his ear. Vision made a cooing noise and leaned his head next to Tony’s right calve.
They all shook their heads. “No, I just learned about it when that bald man shouted it when we arrived,” Jan said. Many confirmed the same.
reassuring,” he deadpanned before motioning the alpha to hurry. “Just don’t aim it at our pack.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony believed the child would have forgotten, just as many do when grown out of childhood. Not only did the child remember the statement from years ago, he also grew up to be healthy and strong and a hero of the land. Renowned and beloved by many with some of the strongest shifters around ready to follow his lead to victory.
“Good morning,” Steve said and was joined by Thor at the door.
The omega huffed and shook his head, an evident growl still in his voice. “Right, right, sorry.”
It was all in vein. Something pushed against his arm, startling him to pull back from his hiding spot and coming to the sight of Steve’s worried wolf face, standing over him.
Now Tony was trying to keep up with Jarvis to start the knocking again, but there were too many trees creating zigzags in the path instead of a somewhat straight line. Tony had to slow down every few seconds in order to turn but at least the white cockatoo was easy to spy among the green leaves and shadows.
he say? From the start of joining the Avengers, he had seen the others as strong and invincible. No troubles and no worries in their lives, and yet that was all untrue. Under the layers of smiles and playful acts they carried pain, were broken in their own way, and personally knew what Tony had gone and was still going through.
At the nod Steve got up and padded over to his pack and tucked clothing and armor. As he walked his body began to shift. His fur and tail receded as did his ears and a few steps away from reaching his pack he switched from padding on four to padding on two and stood straight in all his naked glory. Tony quickly turned away and found interest in Vision’s sleeping form, petting the top of his head in an attempt to distract himself. Vision didn’t respond and Tony figured he was going to have to carry the little machine back to their shack in the foreseeable future.
Tony. The rest of the Avengers were seated at a table they had brought over to combine so they wouldn’t be left behind and were chatting energetically to each other. At least most of them were. One fellow with raven hair was lazily staring at nothing while determinedly trying to ignore another fellow with golden hair that appeared to be larger than life and had the voice to match it.
“Who are they?”
“But perhaps not today, then?” Steve finished for him. Tony could only nod and to his surprise Steve smiled. “That’s fine with me. I can wait. Perhaps have a lazy day in and go pester Clint, or even Bucky. Have Natasha and Bruce join us.”
“Nothing, really, I was just hoping… for something. Doesn’t matter. H-have a good day.”
“Oh right, those too.”
He never released them from his jaws until the faceless shadows stopped all movement.
After a year and six months I come back to this au thanks to the lovely
Everyone murmured in agreement, patting both him and Tony with good wishes and grins, congratulating them on their news. Tony positively brightened under their cheers, smiling almost to the sun and back. His fatigue, the ordeal his body had gone through, was pushed to the back of his mind. At least briefly. Eventually, his body decided now was a good time as ever to let Tony know it was in pain, tired, thirsty and very hungry.
The savage animal he could become.
If Hank and Jan’s previous pack were traditionalists, they were not going to stand by and allow them to reside in peace. They would no doubt try and integrate themselves in the decision they had no right to.
Rhodey and Pepper… Tony wondered what the two were currently doing, and what they would say about Tony joining the Avengers pack, and their opinion of the pack in general.
“Rhodey?”
He was fed and given water, but the rations were pitiful compared to the bountiful feasts he had with his pack. It was as before. “We have to make sure the betas are fed first. They
Tony still had the first fish Steve had given him in his hand and held it up dumbfounded. Then he remembered this was all just an act on Steve’s part and he quickly placed the fish with the rest and did his best to both ignore the pile and ignore Steve’s wolfish happy face. This was all a lie. Steve didn’t actually want him as a mate and Tony shouldn’t fall for it, no matter how open and earnest Steve appeared. The alpha was a very good actor.
Steve nodded at what Natasha had said and gave a smile. “We actually don’t even know how we managed it. Still can’t believe it, honestly, and we’ve been living here for a couple of years already.” Tony noticed him shift closer, standing a touch away from him. He wasn’t the only one to track the movement. Bruce, Natasha and even Jarvis, who was currently nesting on the other omega’s shoulder, had near identical sets of complacent faces.
Tony, in a panic, grabbed Steve’s head with an outraged “Steve! Put me down!”
“Tones…”
“Grab what you want,” Steve said as he pawed at the prey.
“One could say that,” Loki said intrigued, “and one would wonder how? A curse, perhaps? Or a spell gone wrong?”
And the most peculiar thing happened.
Bruce being a feline shifter, or any other kind of shifter, was firmly crossed out. There had to be another reason why he was so hesitant about revealing his wolf form. Perhaps his form was bigger, much bigger, than the average omega? Omega wolves were typically smaller than alphas or betas. Alphas were, naturally, the largest with the betas in-between, but sometimes a small alpha managed to squeeze themselves through every once in a while, and the same went for a few large betas and large omegas.
“Can we go back to this pack you ran into. Did you say anything? Did they?”
attacked and overwhelmed? Do you really think we’ll escape unfazed? Five shifters against full packs, and you’ll never know about it until you come home.”
look. It was out of pure want on his end, and it was
“Good?” Steve asked, kissing around the area he had licked and eyes never leaving Tony’s.
Then there was Steve with his shiny golden coat and looking as tall as a wolf could, and Tony would’ve stared at him longer and admired his form more had the figure sitting just behind him not attracted his attention. Inches away from Steve, sitting upright and not moving, was a red fox with a dark shaded coat. Dark enough that mixed with the red it almost appeared as if it was blood, and while blood was usually associated with unpleasantries the color actually looked beautiful on the fox.
“Death will have a hell of a time with us. I’ll fight her myself.”
His child was in danger and there was little Tony could do without the two alphas retaliating.
“Who says I’m the one getting chased?” Sam countered with a quirked eyebrow.
“I saw a couple of pheasants on our way back. Want to try those instead?”
“If you haven’t done that already nothing’s going to scare him away,” Dugan gave a big belly laugh. “It’s nice to meet you, Tony. How did
Tony gestured to his injured wrist. “Kind of can’t shift at the moment to go for a swim.”
“A discovery that hasn’t been made yet, but I get the feeling we were supposed to find it,” Tony said and looked down to find the very stone wall they had pushed creating a step that helped them land on the ground safely.
He had nothing to offer for whatever pack took pity on him. Nothing but his rune weapons, and even then he wouldn't create any for fear of them being misused. The haunting memory of Hammer and Obie using them forever burned in his mind. He had no future and figured he would spend the rest of his living days in shacks after shacks, traveling alone with a cockatoo on his back, a little machine in his bag and being the lone omega no sane pack wanted.
The sounds of pistols firing had never sounded so evil then listening to them aimed at his son. Most were blocked as Tony screamed. Screamed for them to stop. For Jarvis to fly away. For Hammer to let him go.
Surprise! Startled to see an update, ey?
With a hand and leg Tony pushed Bruce and Vision to stand behind him. “What does it matter?”
A shout of “They’re here!” had them all turning their heads. From somewhere in the distance of the common area there was a crowd gathering around in a circle. Obviously, the Avengers were truly there and none of the pack-less betas and omegas were going to move enough to let Tony and Bruce catch a glimpse without moving from their table.
“My first priority.” Steve turned back to face the pack. “Avengers. Move out.”
“Very well.” Jarvis glided from his shoulder, sank his claws on the peach and took off before Tony could even react and stop him.
Tony flinched at his name, having expected Steve to lash out and shout at him for disrespecting his pack leader. But nothing happened.
“And here you both are.”
The wolf named hesitated for a moment. He moved his head back and forth to the gathered hunting group and to where Tony stood before finally deciding to head out, but not until after he said to Natasha, “Keep them safe.”
,” he managed between pants.
“No!” Rhodey barks against his neck, surprising him. “The exact
What exactly were Tony and Bruce? Den omegas with the privilege of having the leader’s and third in command’s interests? Were they temporary until they found their true mates? Were they to remain den omegas after that happened?
So really, walking up to Bruce and getting introduced was perhaps the best event that Tony could've done. Even Jarvis and Vision seemed to enjoy the other omega’s company. Jarvis had begun to use Bruce’s shoulder in only a short span of two weeks. A shocking development. Bruce must have proven something to the cockatoo to have earned his trust since in all the years of living with Hammer not once had Jarvis ever used his shoulder. In fact, Jarvis avoided the alpha as if he was the plague itself. And Vision? Oh, Vision rolled after Bruce any chance he got and bombarded him with beeps and chirps, asking questions after questions. Of course, Bruce didn’t understand the machine’s speech patterns yet and required Tony to translate, but he did talk to Vision and treated him as a some
“Tony I need you to be honest, all right?” Steve said in a tone that was an edge away from pleading. “You have to tell me if you feel uncomfortable, even if it’s small.”
There was an idea.
“You don’t mean…” Bucky looked to be holding back from asking the obvious question in both his and Steve’s mind.
He gave another turn of the room, paused in front of the bed where Jarvis and Vision were waiting and crossed his arms self-consciously. At that moment it was all he could notice. His own presence about to be introduced to a town with the Avengers. “Are you sure?”
The alpha whined softly, concerned, no doubt taking notice of Tony’s tear-stricken face. An entirely different kind of humiliation, the kind that happened when one was caught, took over. And to be caught by none other than Steve?
It took a bit of encouraging but eventually Steve managed to dislodge his hands from Tony to unbutton his pants just enough and released his erection that stood happily and proud at being freed. Tony swallowed at the confirmation of Steve’s size and girth. Far larger than Hammer and certainly thicker as well. Hammer didn’t come close to it. If this was Steve now… Tony couldn’t begin to imagine how big his knot would be. He prayed their coupling wouldn’t cause him to bleed. He didn’t want to add to Steve’s list of unintentionally hurting him and having to apologize.
He had heard a variety of descriptions over his heat scent. All negative and all hurtful. It had required him to leave any area of the den occupied by either Hammer, Stane or any of the packmates. Required him to be locked away in a secure room that covered all possible holes to prevent the stench from leaving as he took care of his heat on his own until the month his heat stopped altogether.
call.”
“Why were you waiting?” Bruce countered, his body slowly bleeding out the tension from Loki’s appearance.
No, he had to believe they were out there besides themselves with worry and looking for him. Perhaps even on Hammer and Stane’s heels, needing time to catch up and strike.
“Appreciated,” Loki flicked his tongue at her.
Tony could’ve imagined different scenarios of how the Avengers would’ve reacted to his and Bruce’s late arrival, but all of them joking and making Steve blush was nowhere near one of them. And the alpha still wanted to recruit him and Bruce to the pack! He couldn’t believe it was happening and the Avengers, God, were these guys real?
sex.”
Tony pointed a finger at him, wagging disapprovingly. “You have no input on this. If I say he’s going to break my hip, he’s going to break my hip, and once he does you’re the one who’s going to have to take care of me.”
“Promise,” Rhodey said. “If not I’ll find you instead.”
“I’m coming with you. I have remedies that can help,” he said upon reaching them. “I’m missing ingredients but they can be easily found in the market.”
“Then let's not let Rhodey know so we don't get to that point. How about that?”
Vision rolled back and forth, his head kept in place to continuously look at him. The beeps he created were high, long and encouraging and his speech lasted for ten seconds. Tony gave him a grateful smile for it, already feeling better. “Thank you, Vision.”
Seeing as most of the pack was already sitting Tony guessed, if there was any particular order they sit in, they were already set and the available space that completed the circle was for them to sit in any arrangement they wanted. Still, since he and Bruce were strangers to the pack it was only polite to wait until one of the pack members invited them to take a seat, just in case they wanted them somewhere specific.
“Looks like we’ve got our work cut out for us,” Sam said to Clint.
. Let’s just say they’ve been known for a while. Almost 70 years, to be precise.”
That was until the workshop received a letter. A particular letter that Jarvis himself handed over to Tony personally.
Perhaps one day he’d gain the courage to ask him, but today was not the day.
No, Hammer needed to hide. Disappear. If Tony was a genius, and he most certainly was, he suspected Hammer and Stane’s plan was to vanish. Hide within unmarked land. Abandon the country altogether. Cross the vast sea.
“We ask,” he continued, “to travel with you.” He may have been an alpha, but he was still only part of the squabble in the pack. To demand would mean hurting their cause. To ask would mean showing respect. Rhodey went with the smart choice.
The omega nodded instantly and rose, excusing himself from Natasha. Tony refused to look at Steve as he said to the Avengers, “It was nice meeting you all. We’ll just let you have a moment with your, uh, admirers.”
“As if we’re going to leave Tony.”
“I, uh, actually want a bath first. That’s if no one is using it at the moment.”
“I imagine they do so to make their warriors mightier in their tales.” Thor said. “A most unique name is to be remembered easily.”
“Excuse me. Pardon me,” Tony repeated as he gently moved shifters after shifters to make his way through. He followed Vision's patch carefully until the pairs of legs got overwhelming and covered all evidence of his presence. At one point a shifter decided they didn’t enjoy being moved out of the way and pushed him back
“Something new.” For all the confidence and leadership Steve would usually show to his pack and out on the road, watching him sit and hesitate with his words was an odd sight to witness. It showed the alpha wasn’t perfect. Wasn’t this unreachable star. He was every bit as flawed as the rest of them, and Tony could reach out and touch him.
He saw the moment Bruce decided to snark even before he said anything. The omega side eyed Steve briefly, gave a smirk when he returned his gaze to Tony, and even after Tony had given a “
Tony stared wide-eyed at the building the Avengers called home appeared through some trees. It was a grand two story mansion that had additional rooms connected on both sides, looked to extend further from the back, had what could’ve only been a tower somehow connected at the end, and even had a garden on the side.
“You ever imagined yourself joining a war pack?” Tony countered.
Tony played with the wrinkle on his shirt bashfully. He guessed when Steve put it that way it was rather silly to think the alpha would turn and run after seeing his chest.
“You thank me any more and I’ll end up getting an ego. My mate will throw me a batch of her burning rolls if she realizes it.”
Bruce being a larger than life omega was Tony’s best guess, but unless Bruce finally decided he trusted enough to show him his shift Tony was never going to know.
“Who,
He didn’t have to, though, for Steve’s eyes grew fond as he reached over to grab the edge of the rumpled blanket Tony lied on and pulled it over to cover him. He then lifted Tony up, blanket wrapped around him like a cocoon and all. Tony had the briefest of moments to appreciate his alpha’s strength, able to heave him with little trouble, then the slick and seed he was trying to prevent from getting out leaked with little trouble and he made a noise of mortification.
“Saves water this way. We’ll clean the oil and the mess in one go. Two birds. One stone.”
Then again, maybe he was finally due for a stroke of luck.
“Because
Tony used his arms to row up on the bed, feeling the soft fabric of the blankets tickle his bare ass. He moved up enough to use the piled pillows and let himself slump on them. Looking down now and taking in the sight he made, still wearing a shirt while completely naked and exposed below the waist, he felt a little awkward, and his belated fear began making its appearance. What did Steve have in mind?
Steve pushed himself upwards, making Tony slide a little and leave a small trail of slick from having his slit rub along. “
Even so he knew the damage had been done. His pack was smart. They understood the obvious clues given and probably had a general idea of what could’ve happened. He just hoped they didn’t jump to the right conclusions. The use of ‘hurt’ could mean anything and it could range from something considerably small, like an insult or two, to something in the middle, like a physical altercation, or something big… like what Tony had gone through for years. He prayed more than anything they thought it to be an insult or two.
Rhodey moved in and engulfed Tony in a big hug. “I traveled a long way to find you and I’d do it again. Knowing you’re in safe hands is good enough for me, but I swear if I ever hear a rumor about the great
“I get it, I do, but I just couldn't stop thinking it. If you had left us I just… I don't think I could've recovered from it.”
At least he would if it wasn't for this other shifter who was determined to stick to his two legs and never show the rest of the shack inhabitants his wolf. If Tony had thought he was unique for how long he remained on two legs, it was nothing compared to this lone shifter that had caught his eye. Tony had taken notice of him on the first day living in the shacks. He fidgeted and twitched and preferred solitude unlike the rest of the betas and omegas who were trying to get as much of a feeling of a pack as possible and befriended who they could. This shifter, this
“Steve?”
Come to think of it, Tony should tell the alpha about his infertility already so Steve wouldn’t build himself up only to have disappointment when Tony broke the news. It was… it was the right thing to do, but Tony was selfish. It was a silent trait hardly anyone knew about, especially when he himself was barely discovering it, but after living years with little good happening in them, whenever something worthwhile occurred that made him happy he clung to it for dear life.
Out of reflex he wrapped his arms around Steve’s sides and pressed his forehead on the alpha’s shoulder. He shut his eyes and tightened his hold to compensate for the combination. His nerves tingling in ways he had never experienced before. His mate’s teeth dug in slowly, harder than what Tony had ever felt outside of first marking. It wasn’t instant and the pain remained for as long as Steve kept his hold. Tony felt his body tremble from the sting and heat melding together.
Steve had come for him.
Sam gave him a dry look. “No.”
, a place to belong. For as long as he could remember he'd always had a pack. He could never imagine how his life would've been without it.
Tony had an unshakable fear that, perhaps, possibly, just maybe, the Avengers regretted inviting him and Bruce into their pack.
Stark responsible for many weapons still around, created during his father's time. He hadn't been a Stark in years so it wasn't too difficult, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to be a Hammer. Not anymore. He refused. “Tony, mine’s Tony.”
Shame filled his gut at just the thought of it. Any sense of relaxation he felt wholly disappeared and humiliation replaced it. And even though the pack surrounding him were asleep and couldn’t see him he still covered his face with his sleeves. He couldn’t stand the idea that Bruce or Steve or any of the Avengers could somehow see his past from simply looking at him. As if somehow his face revealed all his lowest moments of life.
Natasha agreed and took another. She was an angel. Coming and celebrating with Steve. Clint was an angel, too. A questionable one. He came and went directly for the food before nabbing one of the mugs and trying his best to keep up with Natasha. Now, Clint was passed out on the couch, mug still in hand and a bowl of chips impressively balanced on his chest for Natasha.
He pulled Rhodey in for another hug. “Promise you’ll settle down somewhere close. I want to visit my Honey Bear every chance I get. Make a note of that, Jarvis. Remind me every day.”
Unable to resist, he snuggled even closer to Steve’s strong chest. Unintentionally, he ended up burying his face between his alpha’s pecks. Not his goal, but he wasn’t complaining. They were soft and perhaps a little larger than most pecks on strong alpha males. Natural on females and usually expected of omega males and large beta males, Steve’s pecks were certainly an oddity. Larger than Tony’s own in comparison. It made him think of what that said about him. If his alpha mate had larger ones than himself, did it mean his body lack when it came to rearing a pup properly?
It was all truly a joke.
“We can’t do that, Puppet. Not until we get what we won. Can’t wait to taste ye. Bet ye’ll be the sweetest omega I’ve ever had.”
“If for some reason I get the short end of the stick…” the alpha paused. “Well, we never talked about children, have we? I’d love to have a family with you, Tony, and if that’s something you want, too, then I’ll probably be the happiest person alive.” Steve gave a small smile. “I… don’t think I’d be able to keep my hands off you if you were pregnant, but I don’t
“Steve found you,” Bucky continued, “and unlike all those wolves out there that flaunted themselves at him, you were everything he was looking for. You didn’t throw yourself at him, you didn’t constantly comment about his figure, if anything each time you dared to actually see him you looked like you wanted to run the other way as if your tail was on fire.”
The growl the beta released was a downright threat now. This was reaching dangerous levels, going from a simple confrontation to an actual fight. “Look, we don’t want any trouble,” Tony tried, earning himself snapping teeth for his effort. “We just want to get to the forest and start our travels.”
. What if something happens and he strikes without thinking?”
Tony huffed and swatted his face playfully. “If anything they get it from you. I was a well behaved child, unlike you.”
“Hulk wouldn’t hurt a fly. Not unless the fly was giant and annoying him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So adorable.”
“Well if you’re so interested in them, why don’t you go and show them your potential?”
At first Tony thought nothing of it, seeing as many of the shifters around here were young and looked to be avoiding the older generation, but when he compared the shifters ignoring him to the shifters ignoring the twitchy omega he found it was a different avoidance altogether. The other shifters completely ignored the omega, as if desperately pretending he wasn’t there, but with Tony, they at least acknowledge him for a split second before they went on their merry way.
Everyone frowned, including Tony. “Yes,” Steve said with a confused shake. “Why would you even ask? Of course you are.”
Tony had never known what absolute joy and pure relief the sight of his home could bring until the Avengers mansion appeared on the horizon. A weight had lifted from his tired bones. A sigh escaped his lips at the thought of his comfortable bed. A rush of adrenaline at finally,
“You have the worst timing,” Steve said to the window. He pushed the two shutters open and revealed a white cockatoo and a red-winged falcon seated just outside the glass.
He regretted uttering those words the moment he let them out. Steve looked gutted, eyes expressing hurt from the obvious guilt. “No, she hasn’t.”
Steve nodded. He rearranged them so he remained up front while Hulk was placed to guard the back and both Tony and Hank took up the middle. Side by side with no regards to what had occurred earlier. Tony knew reaching the town to take care of his heat was more important than a disagreement between packmates, but it did nothing for his guilt. He followed behind Steve with his head and ears down. He didn’t have the courage to walk tall and risk catching Hank’s eyes. Why did the beta choose to escort him to town? Why couldn’t he have remained with the others until Tony was in a better state of mind before he scolded him?
Thor’s voice boomed with the laughter he released. “Another victory for I!”
“You know them?” It was more than just Steve then.
prison.
“Tony, the
, Steve’s eyes flutter close. At long last sedated, slumping on the ground with Winter still gripping him.
wasn’t the one trying to prove myself a well behaved child.”
But how to bring the issue up? As an omega he knew his pack’s first instinct was to keep him away from the fight. Logically that was in the den where he could be safely tucked inside its walls. Tony could throw facts their way on why he should tag along, but he got the feeling sense wasn’t going to help him. At least not alone.
“Master Rhodes, may I say how refreshing it is to see you again. Sir has already rejuvenated his tired bones from the mere sight of you. Surely a miracle.”
Sam shrugged. “Worth a try. Can’t blame me for it.”
,” Steve chided as the Commandos laughed. As if sensing the hurt and the growing insecurity Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulder and gave a squeeze of comfort. “That’s enough. All of you. I don’t need you scaring him away.”
“Your child is well,” he said to him and Steve. “Strong warriors, just as their parents.”
is your pack?”
With encouragement Tony got up and prepared for the journey ahead. When Steve finished strapping in his armor he patiently waited, eyes never trailing far from watching Tony. A smile graced his face when Tony tried taming his wild bedhead and happily took up the job of helping him, running his fingers through the dark with silver strands. Face to face they stood. He took longer than required with each movement but Tony wasn’t going to rush him. Not when the sensation felt so good.
Now then, as usual hope you enjoyed this, even if it has the nasty little element towards the end and sort of on a cliffhanger.
“Hi,” the alpha gave a small wave. “I, uh, wanted to make sure you were all right.” The alpha was fidgeting. What a strange sight on a young alpha.
With a nod, the deal was struck. Hammer finally released his hold on his neck but refused to surrender his arm. “Remember, one noise out of you and my betas will have fun with her.”
Tony blinked. “Why would he knock you to the ground?” What reason was there for Steve to fight if they managed to insult him?
Awkwardly, for Tony had never done so in years now, he released a short whine, carrying with a silent question. It was the highest of whines, hitting a whistle note, but Steve heard it loud and clear.
“Never?” Steve tilted his head sideways and began doing the most curious thing. The alpha continued preparing himself while holding a conversation with him. “You never imagined? Not even a curious trail of thought?”
Jarvis hopped forward. The plumage on his head standing slightly. “From what I was able to gather, the drop on the west of the structure is an incline. Surviving the fall is possible but the distance is grand. It will take at most half an hour to climb to the level of the structure, but a little cover is offered. The posted guards will have no trouble finding you.”
“Sir?” his ear twitched. He had forgotten Jarvis was on his shoulder and the voice sounded loud so close to his ear. It gave him a shock. “I am unfamiliar with what is found attractive to your species, but I must say
This was the special order Ben and May had requested. It was catered to Peter and only Peter for you see, his boy had taken an interest in carriage driving after watching it on television. Something about the sport caught his boy’s little eyes. The child couldn’t stop talking about it after.
Steve’s movements stopped. He looked to Tony with a smile. Small. Soft. Full of so much happiness. “And I love you.”
“O-oh,” he guessed Sam had a point. He had to take care of his heat and he could either do it out in nature as his ancestors used to do, allow the whole world to see his bare ass, or he could be selfish and ask for a heat room and have some moderate privacy.
~~~~~~~~~
All three nodded and waited patiently for the order to head out. Seeing as all the Avengers had shifted, Tony took advantage of the gathering to note down their forms again. He spotted the golden dingo Hank already lying on the ground with his tongue out and next to him was the black coyote Sam sitting upright. Loki was already curling around and hanging on the nearest branch to the ground, looking as menacing as a black python does without meaning to.
“Are you heading for the race?” Rhodey said.
Without missing a beat Steve lifted his chin. “He shouldn’t have gone and poked his nose then.”
“Mine dreams hold many fantasies, none of which you wish to hear, but should your curiosity ever need to be sated -”
“I only wish I could’ve done that to Hammer. That waste of fur deserves that and more.”
Bruce sighed, “and you pushed through the injury, worsening it,” he paused. “Why did you run back to me? Were you - you were going to hide behind the other guy, weren’t you?”
“No, we’re not doing anything for the rest of the day,” Bruce answered for him, snapping him back to reality.
Somehow, with the beta present, the walk to the town felt similar to a punishment. As if he was walking to his very chastising. His walk of shame with the town’s people as his witnesses. He wondered if this was why Hank decided to help with the escort. If so, Tony figured he deserved it for all the inconveniences he caused his pack.
His sight became obscured from the tears and the blood in his ears seemed to block any sound in the room. Numbed and foggy, but his alpha’s hand on his cheek was clear as day to his skin. “Tony, look at me.” Steve’s voice cut through. Strong, commanding. An alpha’s voice. “You look at me, Tony. Look at me.
Now, because I ship Loki/Thor on odds days and don't on others what I'm going to do for this ship is write their relationship on the thin line of platonic, very close brotherly love and sexually romantic coupling. This means that it's up to you to decide if you see this ship romantic or platonic. If them being brothers bothers you then you can see this as very close brotherly love. If you love Loki and Thor as an actual couple doing snoo snoo then you can see this as romantic.
Once upon a time Tony’s fur had looked like that. Shiny and kept and the envy of many shifters. That had been when he was still his own person and his only worry was trying to look his best and not embarrass his father, back when Howard was still alive. Then Howard had to go and dig his own grave when one of his weapons backfired and leave Stane in charge of the Stark pack because Tony had been too young and inexperienced and an
“Jarvis!” Tony’s shrieked, earning a laugh from his alpha.
A whine from Steve stopped him from taking another bite. Right, he had forgotten to thank the alpha.
been Hank. There was no avoiding it. He owed it to the beta and he was going to remain there quiet and listen and accept.
Tony did glare then. He glared at the beta and he glared at the materials left disorganized before him. Not only did they want him to create the gauntlets, but he was also responsible for setting up the
Tony always remembered walking past the shacks. It was during trips where his entire (ex)pack traveled together across the land. They would travel through territories in order to show off some new merchandise to possible clients and sign contracts to supply the packs with weapons and more. That was how Hammer’s pack (not Tony’s, never again Tony’s) gained wealth and status for being a reliable supplier of top-notch weapons. Of course, most of those weapons were created by, yours truly, Tony, but with Tony being an omega and the pack being led by Hammer it was natural for Hammer to gain all the credit. It left Tony to forever be known only as Hammer's omega. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Tony thanked the gods that alphas were the only ones who could go into a rage at that moment because otherwise this chat would’ve turned bloody within seconds, and he didn’t know if they’d survive these betas all going bloodthirsty at once.
Tony’s guilt only solidified as he watched Jan comfort her mate and receiving comfort in return. He averted his eyes from the private moment. The sensations in his abdomen serving as a reminder for why the pair carried a weight on their shoulders. How was he going to make this up for them? Where could he even start? He knew Hank was going to apologize to him for his reaction but did Tony deserve that apology? He was responsible for his body and his choice could’ve put his pack in potential danger. He chose not to take Hank’s suppressants. It had been irresponsible of him and Hank had every right to tell him as it was.
“Allow me,” there was shuffling and then a spark before light engulfed the room. “That’s better. What do you think, Omega?”
“We were happy, as you’d expect. We finally got what we wanted. Just had to be sure we’d make the months until we were safe. It was great news and we thought our pack would be excited for us, but… we didn’t expect for them to react negatively. They weren’t too keen on a male beta carrying. They were traditionalist, and we didn’t even know.”
brother to look after.
Was it someone Steve hadn’t wanted Tony to be aware of? That was not a very kind thought.
Tony had to blink several times in order to make sure he was seeing what he thought he was seeing. That in fact his eyes were not deceiving him and Jarvis was really nesting on top of the forge and Vision was circling the anvil.
“So you’re not mad?” He asked again because he just had to make
“Something that will create a PR nightmare if not handled right,” Peggy answered. “I know you both share a fondness for comic heroes and I believe you will enjoy this little assignment.”
Bruce was left staring at the spot the pair was just laying on seconds ago. Looking disoriented he adjusted to sit comfortably again, frowning, thinking about something to himself. Tony had the urge to ask what was going through the omega’s mind when a soft yip had him turning to the alpha next to him. Steve still had the smile on his face and his tail wagging. He lifted a paw and patted the ground before saying in snarls, “Do you want any fruits or berries? I can search for some.”
Then Steve slammed down with so much force Tony would have feared his hips had been shattered if his thoughts hadn’t been occupied with the mind-shattering climax he felt. White flashed in his eyes and the fog of his heat returned with full force. His mind numbed of all reason and time was lost to them. He didn’t struggle when Steve flipped him on his belly and raised his hips. He cried out when his alpha pushed his erection inside with little regard to anything. It was rough. It was a complete rut. Gentle seemed to be the last thing in Steve’s mind and Tony couldn’t bring himself to care. Not when his own mind was filled with pleasure and relief at finally receiving what his body wanted the entire time.
Buuuut, I changed it to another thing everyone's been wanting for a while.
Any guesses on who the alpha is? Eh, eh? *winkwinknudgenudge*
“You have his bite,” she pointed to her own neck in example, her bite mark - if she had one - hidden under her armor. “For as long as I've known him, Steve has never considered marking anyone.  Maybe even longer if what James says is true. Steve’s always been hesitant on the subject itself, sometimes stubborn to a fault. Seeing it on you tells me he's very serious.”
Steve, completely loyal to the Tony Stark character, continued to support the comics. Long after the plot did a complete 180 he continued to buy and collect every issue he could. Even the last infamous issue ever printed where Tony and the gang searched through the lands of Sweden in search of an artifact that was said could end humans.
Tony scrunched his face and focused on the current, easily blocking out the past his mind had wandered to from the sheer intense overstimulation he was experiencing. Focusing on the current, of his new moments, pushing back the negativity because he didn't need it anymore, he was moving forward, and because…
They all wanted weapons. Tony was going to give him their weapon. They were going to regret it.
“But Steve -”
So strong was the smell that emitted from the fight that it had Tony gagging. And the sight of Steve fighting so savagely sent fear to his heart. If Steve were to direct his rage at him, there was no possibility Tony was going to survive.
“Yes, mom,” Clint was quick to say, ready for any and all teasing fights.
“You sound a little frustrated there, Stark. Couldn’t find anyone to take you in tonight?” The smirk on Rogers’ face made Tony want to punch him.
“Ever picture yourself living the family pack life?” Tony asked, steering the conversation towards another direction.
Almost two months later but here it is! Sorry about all the very late updates.
“Lord almighty no, please don’t tell us about your fantasies. Anything but that.”
“He doesn't share,” Jan said with a cross of her arms.
Steve wasn’t exactly impressed. “Out you deranged jackal. Go catch your mate half naked or something.”
“Won’t the Captain be needed elsewhere?” Tony muffled into the golden fur.
It’s just pure brutality. Barbarity. Savagery. It’s cruel.
If Pepper didn’t settle down soon she would try Hammer’s patience and who knows how he’d react to disciplining her.
Footsteps patting, a ferocious growl, the weight of his attacker disappearing and his attacker crying in pain. Tony snapped his eyes open and cried from the pure relief he felt when he saw the giant golden wolf and the familiar smell that could’ve only been Steve biting and ripping through the attacker that had him pinned down. It wasn’t a simple fight that involved a threatening bite and growl and no blood spilling, no, Steve was outright ripping through the flesh of the shifter, breaking bone, going for his neck, showing no mercy. Wolf vs Man. There was only one obvious choice of who was going to win, and the attacker was given no chance to shift and fight back for a fair shot. Steve wasn’t giving him one. No, Steve grabbed hold of his arm and shook it uncontrollably, tearing and scarring, jumping for the man’s face the moment it was wide open and vulnerable. Steve didn’t stop. Not even when the alpha submitted.
He had a lot riding on this. He couldn’t be a burden to their pack.
“Just chatting.”
“Neither do we.”
“Come on and join us. Sit anywhere you want,” he said with a wave of his hand at the available space.
He never wanted the moment to end.
“There’s - uh, there’s not much to the story of how it happened,” Tony admitted.
“Please tell me how you really feel,” Tony scowled.
“Do you?” Tony carefully directed.
“Ladies, this is Tony,” Steve said while staring at him.
“If you believe the pit to demand that of you against your will you are a bigger fool than I thought.”
“Something is about to go terribly wrong,” Clint said in a dry tone of humor and of experience as if this very situation had occurred before. His eyes were sharp and he was just
If you're curious,
“I did,” Tony sighed. “I’m sorry for wasting your ti -”
Jarvis studied the shoulder as if considering but quickly turned away with a lift of his beak.
and probably overpowered Steve’s own stench. He whined at the humiliation.
Sam snorted. “You’re on.”
He heard Steve sigh and bury his snout in between his shoulder and neck, his fur tickling his ear. “Please, don't apologize for this. None of it is your fault.”
Steve curled himself further.
Tony held on as best as he could with paws. He never wanted to let go. He feared it could’ve all been a dream, but from the way Rhodey returned the hug and nearly crushed his ribs while doing so he knew it couldn’t be.
Tears build up against his will and soon he was mentally cursing everything that had to do with Hammer.
The end is nearly upon us!
Tony stood, wincing at the sensation of his left foot having fallen asleep and both knees aching. He was getting too old to rest on them. “Of course you can. What’s going on?”
“You’re finally awake, great,” Bruce started packing away his make-shift bed. “Any longer and I would’ve dragged you across to where the Avengers are staying.”
He remained put as Steve continued licking spots after spots on him. Even licking one spot over and over again, the one where Rhodey had given him a comforting brush. Sometimes he would catch Rhodey’s or Pepper’s questioning eye and he tried to give them his best smile to show it was all fine. Sure he couldn’t go to their side like he really wanted to. To feel their warmth and their fur and know they were still there, but just seeing them was enough it. Besides, he’d eventually get his chance to catch up with them. He had plenty of time in the future, depending on how many days they were to stay. No need to worry.
Bucky stood and walked over to Steve. “Clint, you’re coming with.”
“I disagree. The besom is the most important element. How else are we to battle against the mire and find a means to sweep Clinton from our home?”
His teammates, who are doing their duty for the people, sacrificing their lives in order to stop the rampaging beast that used to be their leader. Who used to be the public’s hero. Who used to be Captain America.
Checking the time, a quarter to 2400, Steve was surprised it had gotten that late. He always lost track of time when he read the comics. He was to be scheduled for a morning departure tomorrow/today and he knew he needed to get an early night's rest but a feeling of nostalgia decided to hit him and he had this burning urge to read the comics again. He told himself it was only going to be one but one quickly turned to two and two to three and - really, there was no way he could only read one comic. It just wasn’t the same.
“If we could we’d stay in a heartbeat, but this isn’t our place and our pack still needs to grow if we want to make it out there. We’ve overstayed our welcome.”
Bruce and Natasha were back to talking amongst themselves, or talking as much as they managed. Natasha said a word, Bruce followed it up, silence, another word, Bruce chuckled nervously and continued rubbing his hands.
Steve continued sucking on the spot, letting go to latch his lips just an inch away and begin again, expanding the bruised skin. As the alpha did it a fourth time Tony couldn’t hold back anymore and with the little strength he had he threw his weight down, hoping the action was enough to encourage the alpha to lie on his back. It was a slow process as Steve wouldn’t pause his assault on Tony’s neck long enough to do what Tony wanted, but eventually the alpha was flat on the bed and Tony was draped over him. The new position gave Tony more leeway and he eagerly made it known by grinding their hips together and making them groan.
“Never,” Rhodey wrapped an arm around him. “Just keeping you level headed and reasonable. Someone has to.”
“Talking about yourself?” Tony smirked.
Without thinking he made the mistake of turning his head to take a look. Like Jarvis had said there were five shifters walking together. Tony’s heart sank when he caught the eyes of the shifter leading the small group and earned a wink and a terrifying grin from him.
made their appearance. “What took you both so long? Did you get each other out of your systems?”
They were going to watch his every move and block every possible exit. Nothing short of an explosion would bring the fort down and open a path.
Keep in mind, this number isn't a guarantee. Knowing myself, I'll either add in one or two more after the 43, or I might lower it one or two chapters. We won't know until I get closer to the end.
He spent the rest of the night holding Tony and showing him off to everyone, especially Thor. “This is
“May I?”
The food couldn’t get to Tony fast enough but the Hulk eventually stomped his way to them with three large bucks on his shoulders. The ground rattling under his weight. Thor carried his own large buck shortly after him. Clint and Natasha struggled to drag their own prey together but it ultimately joined the pile.
He made louder sounds. Gave false charges to keep them away. The faceless shadows of this time made more noises than those of before. They were calmer noises. Communicating.
“Hello? Tony? Toony? You there?”
“Yes,” Tony said with a hint of pride. He ignored some of his packmates huffing in insult. “Honey bear, this is my pack, the Avengers. Everyone, this is my Honey bear, Rhodey. Best friend since childhood. Papa wolf at the best of times and mama bear at the worst.”
Vision whined at them from beside their feet. He didn’t seem to appreciate their horribly timed banter.
The arms that had previously held him down, Stane’s and Hammer’s, were gone now, but Tony didn’t move. He was lying across one of the cushions of the coach. His arms tucked against his chest. He felt his own heartbeat settle but it did nothing for the cold chill of loss going through him. His gaze was focused on the roof. Blankly staring as thoughts of violence coursed through his mind. Setting the coach on fire and burning both Hammer and Stane alive with him. Smashing a window and cutting Hammer’s throat with the shattered glass. Stabbing Stane’s bulging stomach with it. Ripping their flesh with his own canines. The taste of their blood over his tongue. Would it be bitter like most, or would it have a sweet flavor that only revenge could season it with?
“No, I nearly farted out my lungs the first time you did that. No love notes.”
“Here we both are, part of a pack together and still standing side by side.”
“I didn’t just hear that. I did not just hear that. My baby bird did not just remark on that.”
Clint even looked nervous after hearing that, walking closer to Sam as if trying to use him as a shield. Sam wasn’t having any of it. “Don’t even think about it. You brought this upon yourself, you’re dealing with it.”
Tony did as he was told and removed the soft shirt, exposing his chest and his scars to the crisp air. Out of reflex he bundled up the clothing over them in order to hide the marks. Steve was having none of it. He placed the armor back on the bed, gave a kiss on Tony’s forehead and gently removed the bundled up shirt and ran a soothing hand over the raised skin. “Don’t hide from me.”
“Good morning,” on Jan’s neck Tony noted was the winning ribbon of the year. “Congratulations Jan. Did you have any competition this time?”
Tony groaned, hiding his face again. “
Tony felt his injured hand shake slightly. It wasn't a joke? Could Tony truly believe that? Why would someone like Steve even bother to look his way? Stuff like this only happened in dreams, and Tony had dreamed plenty of times to know his expectations were unreachable and dreams usually ended with him waking up to a cold morning, alone and no caring mate holding him.
Only one way to find out.
Tony turned his gaze down. “I was looking around.”
He never looked back when he snuck away during the night with his gauntlets in his bag.
Tony sat stiffly on his spot near the edge, facing forward and refusing to look anywhere near the Captain. Bruce appeared to be no better, if his tense shoulders were any indication, and he, too, refused to look anywhere the Avengers were sitting. Sitting next to Bruce was the shifter named Natasha and next to her was the shifter who carried the bow and asked about plenty of food for the pack. In front of that shifter and sitting next to the Captain was a shifter with long hair and appeared to have a permanent scowl on his face. He looked grumpy, irritated and seemed to be passive-aggressively ignoring everyone around him.
That got them all moving. Bruce went to pull the rabbits away from the fire and Tony took the opportunity to sit properly on the table, turning away to not look at the Avengers’ intense gazes. He figured it was the hint necessary to get them to leave but all that happened was one of the members, a slim blonde beta that carried a bow on his back, stepped up and said, “Great! I’m starving. Got enough for a whole pack?”
In any case, crossing the sea was perhaps a last, desperate option. Unless their feet were held over hot coals, Tony didn’t think both alphas would be capable of it. Though, he’d been wrong before.
Steve tilted his head fondly. “Are you worried about size for this? Don’t be, Sweetheart. Truth is, for us male alphas it’s a little difficult to switch roles. For one thing, instincts make it nearly impossible to surrender control easily. It takes a lot of trust and talking, but I trust you and I want to try. For another, it takes a bit of work for me to take anything. I don’t lubricate naturally. I’ll need to prepare myself with a lot of oil to help ease the way. Your size is actually perfect. I don’t need big. Just you, and maybe some patience.”
The floor was there and he was already lying on it and Steve was already back from making a quick trip to the kitchen and in his mouth he carefully held a plate of cooked ham slathered with delicious juice and placed it carefully in front of him on the floor. All he had to do was reach out and bite into it and while he was doing that Steve was circling around him with his tail wagging before he curled around, tucked his front legs under Tony’s side and his head on Tony’s shoulder. Jan, bless her, brought a small bowl filled with nuts and fruits for Jarvis.
The tone shifted in an instant. “We are not, Dugan. You have something in mind?”
And for a moment he actually thought it all a dream.
Now remember, this is intersex and this chapter only has vaginal sex. If you are not okay with that skip this chapter and wait for another time where anal sex happens.
“Trust me, the only thing I’ll regret is letting you get away and losing you to some other blacksmith, like Osborn. He works the town over. Stubborn man, that one.”
Behind the putrid alpha four others appeared. Tony’s heart sank.
Tony glance at the fire in his forge. Weak and minutes away from just becoming ash. Not a large loss and it wasn’t as if he was working on anything big or important at the moment. He nodded and leaned against Steve’s side when his alpha wrapped an arm around his shoulder.
It was a deadly weapon, but Tony knew Clint would use these elements when absolutely necessary.
They had known from the start what they had in their hands, and Tony had been blind to foolishly believe otherwise. They had known all along.
Tony’s dick throbbed in that warm channel Steve provided and his cunt grew hotter from the stimulation, creating more slick and causing it to trickle down and pool on the bed. At one point Steve took as much as he could, opening up his throat and keeping still before creating a rumble in his chest that rippled up to Tony and made him moan loudly. He didn’t know how much more he could take it. The new sensations were far beyond him and he was honestly surprised how his body was still going for this long. He could feel his peak reaching, his body wanting to explode, but just as he felt the tension giving away Steve pulled back with a loud ‘pop’ and let his length swing back to his stomach.
Tony nodded, at a loss for words and gently placed Vision down on his empty seat. The little machine thanked him before he was led gently out the room, up the stairs and steered to the right through two wooden doors. The imagery resting on the other sight was beautiful and nearly took his breath away. Trees stretched across the horizon with the blue of the sky kissing their very tips. The space between the edges of the forest and the home were decorated with the garden he had seen upon arrival taking up half the space and the rest filled by grassy terrain. The fresh air was heaven sent and Tony inhaled a large amount. It was calming and released tension from his body.
Which was why it was shocking when the noise of someone clearing his throat had them turning and right there, next to his table, was the very same alpha he locked eyes with after his fall.
To his dismay, a large bucket was fitted by the corner. The final nail. Tony was really going to be locked down here. He had no reason to make a trip up the stairs now. He would be lucky to see the light of day again.
“Leave the imbecile alone,” Loki’s voice attributed. When they searched for him they saw Loki’s tail following the curve of the road and slither away behind the trees “He is not worth the effort.”
Despite his best efforts to not smile, Bruce ended up laughing at the image and covered his eyes. Tony laughed right along with him. Jarvis, with his little pile of nuts and seeds, munched away with little attention to their conversation. Vision rolled back and forth, turning his head from Tony to Bruce and back to Tony.
“Rhodey,” Bucky quickly followed.
For a brief moment, Tony actually thought about it and tried to imagine how the Hulk would go about in courting and mating with someone. The image was,
don’t want that.”
He promised to reveal the truth when the opportunity presented itself. The first moment he could. No dangers, no contracts, no Avengers business, and once Steve learned of the truth Tony swore to make it as easy as possible for him and for their pack. Whatever decision the alpha decided on. No matter if it ended with Tony in tears, with Steve or with both. Tony would accept the consequences with his head held high. He’d make Rhodey, Pepper and Happy promise to stay, to not give up the good things that have finally happened to them. He’d make Bruce promise to not worry for him. Make them promise to not look for him.
Eventually Steve caught him looking and instead of appearing offended or annoyed he smiled good naturedly. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
“We got him!”
“No, I’ve got two others with me.”
“Odd to see them near a shack. Last I heard they haven’t recruited anyone in years. Why now? There hasn’t been a reported death, has there?”
Tony internally groaned. Ty was the last centaur he wanted to think about. “The only way Ty will notice anyone is if they’re wearing a mirror.”
Steve remained by the door, uncertain. “I know we didn’t talk about this beforehand and this is very short notice, but what would you prefer I do? I can keep watch out the door if you don’t want me here with you.”
Tony’s screams will forever haunt him. The terrible, grueling, torturous screams that he never knew Tony could be capable of creating. The agonizing cries. The heartbreaking calls. His omega whimpering at the mercy of their captors. Steve knows Tony tries to be strong. He knows Tony will hold on for as long as he can, but even a supersoldier would break under their treatment.
“I would,” Clint said. “I want a Jarvis and a Vision. Sam get me two of ‘em. I want ‘em.”
Footsteps echoed as someone walked closer. Rhodey pulled away from him but in exchange Steve took his place. Tony dared look up, watching his alpha’s expression carefully. The fear, the worry, it was clear Steve didn’t want him along, but Tony didn’t want his pack to leave without him.
Gods no, please don’t tell him they suffered a parent’s worst fear.
He was sweaty, covered in grime and probably smelled, but he felt a victor. On top of the world. He couldn’t wait to finally reveal it all to them.
“Something you don’t know to do?”
It’s not a common thing to do, going feral. It’s very rare but extremely dangerous, leaving sorrow and pain behind. Changing the alpha. Changing their very being. Many fall victim to an alpha in rage. To them losing their minds and reaching a point of uncontrolled anger. To them having no say over what their bodies do.
“I do not require violence to subdue you. I shall simply sit on you.”
Rhodey coughed and released a groan. One of his paws twitched and his face scrunched up in pain. His eyes opened slowly, trying to focus, and Tony had never been so grateful from seeing the beautiful dark color of them.
“Good morning, Brucie. What are you doing standing there?”
“Nothing, I'm just… you're glowing, that's all.”
“You still have spirit.”
“They have baths here?”
He remembers thanking his best friend for stopping him. Remembers apologizing to both him and Sam for what he had done, and
“I lied.”
Tony managed to stop the blush fighting its way to his cheeks but couldn’t do anything about the fluttering that was growing in his chest. He was reaching dangerous territory now with his attraction for Steve, and if Steve continued what he was doing there was no telling how far Tony was going to sink, or how long it would take him to claw back up again after the inevitable heartbreak.
Tony reeled back as if struck at the mention of sterilizing. Betrayal in his heart at the very idea of his mate and packmate wanting to cause the very hurt he’d lived through for most of his life willingly. Daring to snuff out the little hope he had now.
The heat in his belly grew with every second and as soon as Steve reached his hand down to stroke him Tony knew it wouldn’t take much now. He was going to reach his limit and from the way Steve’s thrust became erratic he knew his alpha was reaching his, too.
This was the same pack that Steve led through numerous battles. The same pack that gave Steve his fame as a leader and his name. Tony, he admitted, was a
They continued bickering for most of the way, to the point that Tony felt his ear nearly fall off from all the talking. Getting his ear talked off, what a way to lose a body part. Thankfully, both Sam and Loki couldn’t take it anymore at a certain point and pulled their individual mate and possible mate away, grabbing the back of their necks in order to keep them walking.
“All right, hang on a second. No need to get violent with me,” Tony unhooked the strap of the bag from his shoulder and gently placed it on the ground. Vision rolled out the moment he made contact and hurriedly made turns around the open space.
Steve now understood what they meant by forever changed. It’s not gaining a ravenous taste for more blood. It’s not seeking the thrill of the hunt, having the power over the lives of others. It’s not the excitement of losing control and unleashing violence and fury, leaving behind their mark for all to see.
And that was when it clicked. Steve was using his coat as an excuse to make Tony seek him out. Of course he was. Steve wasn’t going to willingly hand over a costly item such as his coat as a gift to him. Sure the alpha had said he wanted to court him (something Tony still couldn’t believe he had heard. He must have imagined it. He should be waking up any minute now), but that didn’t mean he was going to gift Tony with expensive items.
Jarvis, still on his shoulder, nipped his ear affectionately. Tony hadn’t noticed when Steve first placed his hand over his own but that was why Jarvis was his second set of eyes. If Tony hadn’t noticed, Jarvis definitely would, and if the bird didn’t like what he was seeing and thought the alpha had ulterior motives he would have lashed out and prevented the contact from even happening. Seeing that Jarvis hadn't even bothered to move a wing it was safe to say Jarvis didn’t think anything about the contact. Now, whether he approved of Steve or not was another story entirely.
“Staaark. Tony Stark,” Janet tested her tongue on the name. Each repeat sank his heart lower. “Stark, Stark,
The beta with the bow (they really needed to introduce themselves because Tony was getting tired only calling them ‘betas with this distinction’) laughed. “You just got insulted by a bird! Isn’t that your animal? Oh, man, not much of a bird charmer, are you?”
In a surprising turn Tony's face didn't turn a bright red from the comment. His mind was racing with the same thoughts of why Steve was here giving him attention and how he was apparently lucky enough for it.
, had spoiled him, have
, we're not - she’s not my mate, Tony. You are.”
“You could have offered assistance while I worked sweat trying to move this thing,” Tony huffed, feeling his back muscles and his appendage he was still not familiar with move in agitation.
at all is fine with me.”
“Don’t throw me to the wolves,” Clint paled. “You’re supposed to love me.”
Steve listened, taking in the details and thinking of alternatives. “Are we sure about the west?”
“If it’s something that can help please don’t hesitate to ask. What is it?”
“I could be better,” he admitted. “Maybe jump in some water. Something to cool off.”
Seeing as his word was going to be overruled, no matter what Thor said, Thor surrendered and announced Tony’s permanent residence.
Rhodey’s white lie couldn’t invalidate years of negative criticism. He knew which one was true. A friend’s lie over a pack’s brutal honesty? It was easy.
In the meantime Tony was caught by surprise to see Steve… pouting. That couldn’t be. Tony blinked twice but no, that was an actual pout the leader of the Avengers was sprouting.
he was about to have another bout of distress and drench the entire room all over again. The arrival of Bucky and Clint didn’t help at all and only added to his reason to run.
With practice they could probably double it, but the point of this little scavenger hunt was to find a cure and never having to worry about it.
“Thank you,” Peter put the hat on, thankful to have it back. “What a crazy thing to do, Mister Steve. All to show off to a pretty boy,” he said in a plotting tone, or as plotting as a six-year-old could sound.
” mocked him.
Now that he was thinking of it, worry etched its way into his mind. They should probably hurry up and get moving. Steve was the pack leader after all and his responsibility didn’t end just because his mate had gone into heat. With it over, it was time to get back to his duties.
Tony imagined that very scenario. Steve stubbornly swinging at death and batting her away with all his might. His sword and shield doing just enough to keep her at bay. He gave a breathy laugh at the very thought.
“No, no, no, you’re still three. You shouldn’t know these things.”
Tony almost didn't want to move. What if the moment he did whatever spell Steve was under would break and the alpha’s irritation and anger would return?
he’s ever had and he was grateful Steve would even give him the chance to experience it. Now more than ever he wanted to return the favor and give Steve the pleasure he deserved. “Please, can we?”
Tony, Jarvis, Vision and Bruce. That was an improvised pack Tony could live off. Even after Bruce got recruited to an actual pack and leave the shacks Tony could go on with the cockatoo and the machine. Yes, that could work.
“I will hold him after Hawkeye strikes,” Thor says, taking a large step to get ahead of them, but stops when Falcon holds him back.
“Not dirty. Just a tease.” A hand trailed around to rest below his belly. Using his thumb Steve rubbed small circles around the area, right above where his seed was most likely settling. “Keep you full of me,” he remarked. His canine hindbrain making an appearance.
“Don’t mind me,” said the omega. “It’s just that you three walked up to my table without warning and looked to be having a very serious conversation. Maybe you should sit down for it.”
When Tony had the sudden urge to present in front of his alpha. To bare his neck in submission.
It took a couple of seconds but when Steve understood what he meant he didn’t look like he could stop himself from laughing if he tried. He doubled over and held himself up by his knees. Tony probably should’ve taken care of business before dressing in layers that required being unclasped one by one to be removed. How did the Avengers or war packs in general even
From the bag hanging on his side from a strap that went from his shoulder down to his waist Vision popped out and beeped at them.
“I can picture him standing over four pups and smiling proudly. ‘
“I understand.”
“I still don’t understand how you’re here. What about your military pack? You weren’t discharged, were you?”
“But I do. Look, I can go into detail about my life story but we’d end up taking the whole night and the next day by the time I get to the point where I explain I’m not a great omega.”
Tony snorted but got to work, doing his best to comb where Jarvis had mentioned, and after getting the cockatoo’s approval he quickly dug through his bag for the cleanest set of clothes he had. That was another mental note he added, shopping. He required a completely new wardrobe, seeing as everything he had were left behind when he broke away from Hammer. His bag could only carry so much so he took what he was wearing and brought with him three outfits and a set of nightclothes.
“You obviously don’t know what best friends are capable of.”
A couple of days after their stay at the small Inn Tony found himself sitting on Steve’s lap in yet another Inn that offered baths for those willing to pay extra for their turn. While Tony considered himself high tolerant when it came to traveling the roads in dirt and sweat, he’d never pass up the opportunity to bathe and wipe the grime off when given the chance, especially when copulation had been involved sometime in the middle of the journey. One of the few things he had been thankful with Hammer. His disgust to unpleasant scents and unable to mate with Tony until he was fresh and smelling of daisies.
And now for finding the Avengers? For finding Bruce? For Steve?
“Here we are,” Natasha said after leading them down the hall with multiple doors on the second floor. The door they stopped in front of was located further down from the stairs, on one corner of the place. She pushed it open to reveal exactly what Steve had described. A mostly empty room with arrows and glass potion bottles decorating the floor and few pieces of furniture. There was a bed big enough for two pushed up against the wall with the softest looking material Tony had ever seen since living in the shacks.
He quickly reached down and plucked the machine. “Sorry, Vision.”
Steve stood proud over him, nodding in approval of his work. Tony himself stood in high spirit, feeling the most fulfilled he had in years. So much so that he couldn’t hold back wanting to lick Steve’s snout, and he did so with his tail wagging. The silent ‘thank you’ included with his show of respect. The gesture both confirming Steve as his leader and as his mate. The alpha pulled him closer in an awkward attempt at a hug while shifted. The whine and tail wagging of happiness not hard to miss.
The instinct to protect his neck reared up in Tony and he was a second away from pushing and crawling a distance from the alpha when, suddenly, something slimy that could’ve only been a tongue ran over from the skin next to his ear to his hairline.
Oh, well, he didn’t need to, Tony thought. Not when he was there to do so. Steve didn’t need to know. Tony had already decided he would be in charge of his pack’s equipment. He trusted them with his work.
Tony almost flew across the table in his mad dash to grab the machine before he took the final roll over the edge. While he made it so that Vision’s body was durable against anything that hit him he still preferred that no unnecessary dents and scratches be taken.
There was no sure way to know. Tony could sit there and ponder how it occurred, but it wouldn’t change the outcome.
“I want to,” Steve confessed. “I want to so much. You don't know how hard it is to resist, but I can't do it here. I want our privacy. I want us to enjoy it alone.”
He never looked back to them. Now, however… maybe he could use them for good like he had wanted.
Tony was itching to run over there just to see the hair color of the pack members. He didn’t care if he didn’t see their faces, just looking at their hair was good enough.
“I’m sorry.” This was worse than the thought of having to share Steve. Now he felt guilty. What she must be going through.
“Can you promise me that, Omega? Promise me to give me what I want? I’m not asking for much. Just return what you took from me. Make it better. It’s only fair.” Hammer leered at him. The smile was still there. “My, my, I will admit, you may have embarrassed my name by leaving, but I have to give the Avengers credit where credit is due. You fill out
“We’ve been waiting here for almost an hour! Where is he?”
one to.
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted, “I believe Vision is attempting to roll off the table and I feel I should warn you there are stones located where he wishes to land.”
And now it'll probably be another slow update again because I got a new job! Yay. Bad thing it takes up a lot of my hours, so I'm for sure going to have less time to write for fun, but I promise to finish this! No matter how long it takes. Wait for me. <3
Tony awkwardly took another bite of his food. Thankfully none of them continued their teasing and there were no further interruptions besides Vision crying out in outrage at being forgotten on the floor. Tony quickly appeased him by picking the little machine up and resting him on his lap. Vision was tall enough to have his head over the table’s surface and watched them all with avid interest as they finished their meals.
“No! No, no, he’s a friend,” Tony had his hands up, resulting in the palms of his gauntlets to aim at his best friend. He moved them outward in fear of accidentally hurting him after he realized it. “Honey-wolf, don’t hurt the large two-legged wolf. You’ll end up hurting Bruce otherwise.”
They reached the door far too soon in Tony’s opinion, but the hope of a bed - or at least a very soft seat, or even a rug of sorts - overruled the disappointed feeling. The thought of a soft surface had his bones aching in relief. He couldn’t wait to actually experience it.
you down for him.”
“I can’t wait to see you go fishing. A wet Bruce will be a sight to see.”
“S-Steve.” It was shocking how quickly his body reacted, how his length gave a valiant twitch in interest for the third time in the same day. He was in his
“Get off us, you oaf,” Jan swiped her paws at the jackal.
“Tony?”
Vision’s long whistle interrupted his thoughts and from his shoulder Jarvis flew over to the bed, claiming it. He watched fondly as the cockatoo trotted around the mattress in three full circles before tucking himself in.
The wolfish smile that Rhodey gave him was the same smile he often gave when they were younger and Tony felt the years melt away. He was a teen all over again. “Tony!”
“That friend of yours, did you built him?”
The shift from constant to barely there wasn’t sudden, and Tony wouldn’t have noticed at first if not for his recently accustomed habit of reaching out to grasp Steve’s hand and always expecting it to be near. Instead of grabbing the alpha’s his hand closed around Bruce’s instead. After that he noticed the increasing lack of Steve, and it hurt to watch it happen. His heart had been invested. Every broken piece. If possible those pieces broke even further the more the alpha pulled away. He couldn’t even take walks around the mansion to help ease the sorrow that built. Bruce, Jan and Clint were adamant to spend their time indoors.
was on the tip of Tony’s tongue. “You… are really, really… determined, aren't you?” he tried to tease, but ultimately failed. The joking tone falling flat by his voice cracking.
ago. What have you been doing?” Bucky said.
Tony pinched himself a total of thirteen times, plus an additional four requested bites from Jarvis, but the image of Bruce sitting in front of him and the Avengers each taking up a spot at the rest of the table wouldn’t disappear, leaving him with only one explanation -
“You didn’t even give the rest of us a chance,” Sam tsked and rolled his eyes. He decided on the tree next to Clint to lean on, dropping his own pack as well.
“Let him go!” Tony charged for Bucky first. Rhodey was uncharacteristically still. No longer fighting and just limp in their jaws. A clear sign that lack of oxygen was taking its toll. Not even thinking of the consequences and only his best friend’s safety in mind Tony aimed for Bucky’s snout and bit down hard. Bucky yelped and released his hold, backing away to paw at his snout.
“I… I -” his tongue felt heavy. “I stared at him.”
The dark-skinned beta spoke up from the other side of the table, pointing at Jarvis. “More importantly, did that bird finish a complete sentence?”
Bruce nodded. “I can get started on the rod. Just need the bait.”
