‘Wait,’ John had croaked. Sherlock had stilled. ‘Just… just give me a, a minute, and I…’ He had swallowed thickly, and worked through four therapy-approved breathing cycles. Then, at last, he had exhaled, ‘
‘Doctors make the worst patients,’ she chided in a carrying voice, knowing it was one of his least favourite expressions of all time, and he smiled indulgently and prayed for patience. Or a text. Or a waiter.
‘Yes,’ Sherlock replied, distracted in more ways than usual, and watched John go, filled with a new and unfolding list of thoughts.
John’s body was shaking with the semi-conscious effort to drag this out as long as possible, to stretch his own expectations to allow Sherlock to continue sucking him off for, he hoped faintly, at least a decade; but, as Sherlock’s hand at the base of his cock drifted back to press at the skin behind, John sobbed at how close he already was.
Nearing on quarter-past the hour — John would be mere drinks and, presumably, stuffy appetisers into his ill-omened lunch with Harriet — he decided, in a lowered voice, ‘Time to scour the bins.’
‘Well… Sorry to have disturbed you, anyway. Let us know if you have anything further to report, eh?’
if two hundred visited the same public swimming pool; he had arranged for the arson of a (admittedly neo-Nazi) school in Miami; he had injected a woman (admittedly, a drug dealer and abusive wife) with a lethal dose of heroin in Belgrade; he had strangled, stabbed, or shot four people (admittedly, killers themselves) in Marseille, Caracas, and Blackpool; he had allowed himself to care about three unprotected people and had spent the next not-quite-800 days shouting and destroying and killing people. He was not a good man.
He shifted back to place his weight back on his own feet; Sherlock tilted forward with him, feeling off-kilter and light-headed, in a manner not dissimilar to being inebriated. He wanted to lean into John and fuse himself there. When John placed a hand to the small of his back, his ring-finger sliding below the fabric to rub along his skin, he shivered, and allowed John to push him towards the stairs. As he walked, John’s fingers skittered around his waist until, a pace ahead, he almost let go – Sherlock’s hand flew up of its own accord, curling his rigidised knuckles to hook his fingertips with John’s, as he crowded him on the bottom stair. He had never climbed the next thirteen steps faster, even with his toes kicking the soles of John’s shoes in their haste. On the top step, John swirled round and kissed him and began – or continued, Sherlock wasn’t sure – undressing him, while simultaneously pulling him backwards into the room. Sherlock tried to help but he could hardly keep from going to pieces so here as elsewhere, he added as a footnote to his admittedly impressionistic observations, he almost certainly just got in his own way.
to proper, expedient functioning of both mind and society, was not at all a compunction he felt bound to obey. He was, he knew, mercurial, impulsive, and domineering — all useful traits, it emerged and continued to prove in his years with Alec, with the Met, outsmarting his brother, outsmarting the drug dealers, outsmarting nearly every idiotic person who entered his sphere of notice. —
So John hopped into the shower, trying as he scrubbed not to think of every inch of skin as a place Sherlock had or had not touched, marked by the invisible imprint of the previous night. Fifteen minutes later he reported downstairs for duty.
Emerging from his inward reflection, he found John was grimacing more deeply now. ‘Would you know her again, if you saw her?’
He finally shrugged off his jacket and prepared for himself a roast beef sandwich with almost no conscious thought. He hadn’t eaten, he realised with a pang, since last night in Kent. He dreaded, with a grim sense of déjà-vu, to think how long ago Sherlock had eaten. Suddenly he felt entirely drained.
He nodded sympathetically, feeling no sympathy whatsoever for Harry’s characteristic sour attitude. He tried remember what else she had mentioned lately on the phone, but could only think of the subjects he didn’t want to bring up. He read his menu: something duck, some other sort of beef, chicken with oranges,
, you see — confessed to me freely and openly. He is… charming, sophisticated, mature, attentive. I scarcely believed such a person existed on earth who could have all the qualities I value, but… We are the world to each other. I believe him with my whole heart. And I fear that, this being the case, there will be no hope in your attempting to convince me not to marry him, whatever my dear godfather has told you.’ She tilted her head sympathetically, but her eyes were flint. ‘I
for the stairs. John wondered if she’d find a way to brush her teeth without coming back downstairs, to avoid hearing
With a sharp jolt, he awoke, disorientated and overwarm and grunting as Sherlock slipped between his thighs, his cock thrusting as John’s pressed up against his own belly, already hard and leaking.
… He filled his lungs with it. Passers-by took no notice of him, a hazy sensation he had hoped to have abandoned completely after returning to 221b. Sherlock closed his eyes.
His nose wrinkled in exactly the same way, John recognised from the single baby picture he had ever seen of his friend, he had always done. (If Sherlock ever had a child, John was certain they would inherit this same endearing facial quirk along with the curls, insufferability, and IQ.)
Shaking her head, Suze grimaced with what he diagnosed as shame. ‘Worse than that. I… I fancied him. Met him at a club one Saturday when I was out with my mates — m’thirtieth birthday do.
‘You?’ John prompted, innocuously, ‘Sorry, did you want something?’, eyes blown wide as he looked into Sherlock’s face with a maddening impersonation of patience, and
Round the corner, Sherlock hailed and – as was his possibly magical tendency – approached the immediately answering cab.
But no, there was no forgiving grace in the chill of the evening air. His brother brought the two pieces to his eye and, just as Sherlock himself had done only minutes earlier, thumbed in the back of the slightly oversized red-and-black
Neither of them said anything for… for too long. Finally Sherlock took a step forward. John manfully stood his ground.
‘I’m showering,’ he announced, trying for (and not quite achieving) his customary authoritative tone, ‘and so help me, Sherlock, if when I get out you haven’t had at least a biscuit.’
John re-emerged from the kitchen, where (for forty-two minutes before Mycroft’s unfailingly ill-timed arrival) he had been deleting every third word on his attempts at a write-up for the St Clair case and making scoffing noises at their (rather talented) temporary pet.
John ceased poking him, momentarily speechless. Then, attempting normalcy, he clambered off the sofa, shoving Sherlock’s tangle of legs to the floor with a muted
… And what? Suddenly it occurred to him: he’d texted yesterday, and she hadn’t texted back. Hadn’t texted in months. Come to think of it, Mary hadn’t phoned him in all that time either. Or come round, not even to throw something at him while shouting about being left hanging without so much as a kiss goodbye.
(It was always important to reinforce to Captain John Hamish Watson, MD, that everyone else’s names and other miscellaneous information were immaterial.)
She did not, by any tick or sign, appear to have noticed him, though, so he continued to inch closer to the cool, perfect calm of her features, feet grounded, balanced, with every resemblance to the Mary Morstan who had stood so evenly in the afternoon chill in the alley beneath the railway, warmly enveloped in her almost entirely nondescript grey peacoat, smiling now with something like
fought fair. He lied to weeping parents and pretended not to care if he had friends only to throw himself off building except that he hadn’t done that either, all in order to get ahead of the game; he’d been manipulating John’s personal life for years —
The gatekeeper could not have entered so silently – heavy-footed, dazed, several minutes behind what was going on –
Two alternatives now loomed in Sherlock’s everycolour eyes, between stalemate and outright surrender: turning back the clocks, ‘deleting’ the past few months as though they hadn’t shifted the entire course of their lives, or – by the sounds of it – ending the whole thing, tidy away the last five years like some sort of a ruined experiment.
A wall of sound toppled over him, like a blinding light invading an unlit room (mixed metaphors: irrelevant), but he pushed through and made his way — if only he were truly as tall as John made him seem in his stories — to the back corner of the establishment, where even over the roars laughter and argument and boasting and confession, the unself-conscious tones of Mike Stamford’s Welsh wife could be heard distinctly.
Standing on John’s threshold, holding his sandwich, he felt completely ridiculous. John had been swimming in endorphins (so was he), but surely he…
Careful to mind the door, John came in as silently as he could, shut the door behind him, and all but fell back against it.
John, not in the mood for either excuses or lies, and certainly not about to trade sob stories, crowded him further and kissed him deeply, tasting the mix of them and sighing into the kiss like his life depended on it. A moment later, he pulled back a fraction. ‘I won’t tell if you won’t.’
‘Well,’ she looked him over as though he hadn't spoken, then laughed. ‘do you know, I’m not entirely sure now.’
It was on my tongue to inquire whether Holmes found fault with the argument itself, or if he was sufficiently convinced that I had enjoyed nothing more tawdry or licentious than a well-turned phrase on the timeless question of beauty itself. Yet I remained mute, awaiting either a debate or an apology, uncertain just then which (if either) I inwardly saw forthcoming.
Deductions fired, sifting through the earlier barrage of data and attempted to classify, organise, and reflect upon useful data points. Sherlock stopped the cab, disembarked, and began to walk in the open air. After ten minutes of immersive retreat into his mind palace, he decided to throw himself into legwork (which was to say,
Another buzz, just as he was just locating the sunglasses that were the current fashion with heterosexual urbanite men of his general age-bracket. (Suze would no doubt approve of such sartorial trendiness.) Then he smiled. John never failed to astound him.
Eyes opening again, he sees, just for a moment, Suze bent low over him in the grey bright day, crying, mobile shaking in her hand, ‘Please hurry, there’s blood, oh God, there’s blood all over —’
be (fingertips along John’s belly, the sensitive flesh under his arms, tongue behind John’s ear) was slowly driving his pulse through the roof. He barely heard for staring at Sherlock’s lips when he said, ‘I doubt she wants it back after what it’s already been through, John.’
For another moment she stared, frozen with appalled surprise, as if he had sneezed in her drink. Then she sat back and tossed her short copper hair and grinned at him with such venom he was the one momentarily speechless.
‘I already got another of these,’ he noted with deliberate bravado, waggling the bottle in the air despite the fact that Sherlock obviously
Sherlock struggled to appear insulted while inwardly his stomach was wriggling with joy. Maybe they could train her to act as intermediary to diffuse John’s anger whenever Sherlock crossed an especially significant line –
He shifted, propping himself on one elbow, a scoot down along Sherlock’s side trying not to overthink the small fidgeting Sherlock was probably unconscious of doing. Sherlock’s ears, on the other hand, pricked up, catlike, at the
It was not entirely pleasant to recount, convoluted as it had become in his memory with the surgery and his own Mind Palace and the tumult of other information connected to his attack, but:
‘We’ll m-make him,’ Molly swore, trembling violently but carrying on, daring to speak despite the shock of finding a colleague’s former girlfriend was in fact a paedophile’s bodyguard (little did she know), ‘we believe you. Don’t throw your life away from a – a horrible, despicable –’
above all, but because she had no idea how much it meant to him for Sherlock to allow himself to be human and unguarded and keening for
A staggered exhale from John’s nostrils wrested Sherlock from the tornado of his own thoughts. He found his own mouth dry, rear molars ground into each other as though cemented. With effort, he unclamped his jaw a fraction of a pascal.
of careful, methodical detective work by which even the most petty criminals could be swiftly caught. The police were already frighteningly incompetent, without the added complication of removing all human discernment from the process). It had got him through the itching curious hours of the night.
‘And what about your own reputation?’ Sherlock attempted, now casting his eyes around in ostentatious appraisal of the majesty of the Baron’s accomplishments. (Of course he really was hedging for time: he hadn’t worked out more than that Gruener — likely — wouldn’t keep the book/collection/album/records of his conquests in the display cases (too risky for the sacred objects); nor in the black album — though no doubt he amused himself with that red herring…) ‘You are clearly a man of intelligence. Surely you would prefer to have your smooth waters remain smooth? Your fiancée’s family is one of the most powerful in England: they will make things very difficult for you, dredging up the submerged past and bringing it to the light.’
to drive them both out of their bloody minds, ‘I would have been thinking of getting you bent over the Queen’s sofa and making a mess all over it instead of having tea.’
Sherlock like any of his previous partners because this thing they had was so much more raw, so much more dangerous — but there were a few things Sherlock still had to learn from Capt. John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and one of them was that seduction was his specialist subject, that he’d been waiting his whole life to have someone so —
Well if John was going to behave like a child then Sherlock was more than adept at such tactics. Mycroft was his brother after all.
As if to reduce the extent of his poor planning, Sherlock turned and strode into the street they had just been surveilling, stepping into direct sunlight exactly as if he owned the place. Surprised, John snapped to attention and followed, deliberately scraping each sole on the pavement as he did so.
She seemed no happier with this excuse than he was, but she nodded with pursed lips, and then got into the arriving lift with a sombre wave.
‘Don’t worry, John, I’m sure there’s a course you could take that would get you beyond two-digit keypad typing.’
Again John looked to Sherlock, expression clouded with dark confusion: he wanted an explanation. Sherlock didn’t have one, yet.
‘Eventually,’ John muttered, sighing into his hair, ‘we should consider trying to have sex when no one needs to apologise.’
. And if it took him spending the next fifty years of his life telling people to mind their own fucking business, he could live with that.
Sherlock, for the first time in too many minutes, looked him directly in the eyes. He wasn’t smiling, not in any obvious way that creased his silly wonderful face or that raised the hairline he was so fond of having brushed back (by John). But even so, those every-colour eyes bored into his, a combination of such intensity of every emotion there wasn’t an English — or any — word for it, not even close, and John unabashedly drank him in, hoping his own expression could say a tenth of what he saw.
To which end: yes, I've added a final chapter count. May change but... we're nearing the end. Hold your breath.
By midnight, the place was roaring with the combination of a small town surrounded by similar small towns, a match on, and a lovely moon in the sky. The mix gave them a perfect excuse to sit otherwise-suspiciously close, budged up beside one another and leaning into each other as punters on either side made grabs for drinks that nearly knocked them on their heads. More than once John felt beer slosh onto his hands, or shoes Whatever was in the air, though, John was drunk on it as much as his drinks, and a little bit on the way Christopher (‘not Chris — never Chris,
John, conscious that his half-hard cock was, like the rest of him, entirely exposed, scooted a little up the bed and placed his hands over himself. Sherlock frowned.
‘No, but Molly might want to, and if you want to get the smell of hospital off you before you eat, now seems like the moment.’
, went about worrying the seams at the arms where the fabric was already worn. Another year of that and it would need mending. (It was not the first time he’d had that thought, though he tended to forget immediately upon John vacating the armchair; yet with an uncomfortable prickle at the base of his skull, Sherlock considered that it was precisely the kind of quiet, solid act of care that John Watson performed every day.)
John’s stomach gave a leap of victory despite this laconic reply, then felt a stab of guilt. Mrs St Clair’s face, proud and hopeful and sure of her husband’s survival, winked into his memory.
Gratitude and relief crowded his throat, he swallowed and said instead, ‘Do you want me to —’ (he couldn’t say ‘help you’ so) ‘to stay up, then? Quiz you on this stuff?’
‘Nevertheless, I highly doubt that you are here because Gruener murdered his Dutch first wife in Genoa six years ago.’
After placing orders for their mains — John jumped in first, which of course meant Harry, giving him a look, followed and stubbornly ordered some hotpot thing that would take
Sherlock tried to regulate his breathing as he realised, somewhat numbly, he was losing control of it. He could not stay here, have Bradstreet walk back in on Sherlock Holmes, the prodigal detective, having a meltdown in a stinking West-Central London overnight cell like a common drunk or prostitute. With numb fingers, he picked up his Belstaff – reclaimed from Molly’s flat after his third day back (she had, miraculously, had it dry-cleaned since he had last seen it, a gift for which he was still unspeakably grateful) – and pushed his arms into it. The buttons felt smooth and familiar but his hands trembled slightly with the fastenings. It took him approximately twenty extra seconds to secure them all properly. Had he not been on the verge of a minor nervous collapse, he would not have needed to approximate.
‘You were looking forward to that kind of life,’ Sherlock insisted darkly. ‘You wanted to marry her – “very nearly married”, you said.’
— No doubt Sherlock would find the kinkiest, weirdest (and most expensive) lube — Who was he kidding, there’d be gay sex toys from the darkest, most sordid corner of the web, stuff he wouldn’t even know how to use.
Fortunately Sherlock had never accepted such shoddy fact gathering before, and did not disappoint. ‘What damning evidence indeed. I need to speak with Horner, Inspector, and then the hotel staff. Then
And now he was offering himself – the whole ridiculous truth of him – to John. Even had the night not already been a long one for testing the mettle of his soul, this alone would have bowled him over.
‘Yes, we do,’ John rumbled mulishly, using the absence of Sherlock’s mouth to get his fingers under the elastic band of his pants and tugged down.
He grinned. He knew, with an acceptable degree of certainty, that she was capable of it. In all their years working together and being (at least John, and probably Molly herself would so-call it) friends, Sherlock had almost never seen Molly blink (figuratively or, most often, literally) at an oncoming threat. Feet secure, hair straight, bearing at times knotted but underneath that, balanced: she made, though she little knew it at times, a formidable, underestimated adversary.
Sherlock counted John’s breaths in the near-silence – the average number, it seemed, though each one felt like it was subtracting from a finite number Sherlock was allowed to overhear. Involuntarily his hand gripped nothing, and he shut his eyes.
He closed his eyes. Retraced his steps back through his mental fortress to the quiet, peaceful sanctum of this room: the carpet, the wallpaper, the clock, the slipper hanging over the mantelpiece, the tower of medical journals and old case notes stacked by the door, John’s chair across from his, the sound of his violin.
Sherlock separated the (apparently) prosthetic graft from the towel and, putting the false mask on the cot with a toss, offered the now grimy cloth to the seated man. With a hooded look, St Clair eyed Sherlock, then took it.
Violet broke into his thoughts: ‘Yes, well, you see — that is the most important thing.’ She took a sip of her tea. ‘I love my fiancé. We share everything: he knows everything about me, and I him, including these allegations, which he —
Three months from now: three rent cheques, three credit card bills. Christ, in three months’ time, they’d have to be thinking about Christmas and New Year. Maybe he’d pick up that volunteering gig he’d in gone for last year during the holidays, an hour a week at the homeless shelter offering free clinic services. Plus the annual calls for discharged soldiers to gather and get absolutely
Sherlock looked surprised. ‘A hat contains a surfeit of deductive evidence. So few people wear hats these days, which narrows the pool considerably to begin with to those with punk or goth tendencies, ceremonial positions, or no sense of style whatsoever.’
Sherlock hummed an indistinct reply, his right foot dragging for a moment behind his left. John frowned. Had he hurt his ankle? No, he was putting weight on it; and, John thought over their day so far (Kent this morning, leaving just before dawn, then a train and otherwise uneventful walk among London’s millions of early commuters and eager tourists), when could he have twisted it anyway?
Through the white noise of his breathing, the distant noise of someone drunkenly laughing in the midnight hour down on Baker Street: it would not have woken him, had he been asleep.
The sounds of his gasped air, of the foil wrapper, the plastic bottle again, of Sherlock’s suppressed panting, of the hum of gathering traffic out on the street, of Mrs. Hudson’s television downstairs, all felt blurred and dimmed as John rolled the condom briskly on and adjusted up onto his knees.
He really didn’t give a shit whether Mycroft’s scanning gaze attributed his tone to his night’s lack-of-sleep and the kink in his neck and bags under his eyes, or to the fact that he hadn’t properly heard Sherlock’s voice utter more than a muffled groan in going on thirty-six hours, which was the longest stretch since the period when he was never going to hear Sherlock’s voice in person ever again, or to the dust-up with his sister, or to the gnawing fear in his gut that said he couldn’t live like this, under
Lastly, I reiterate for the 9000th time that there are some absolutely gorgeous fics going on on this site. Sometimes I read a chapter and someone's got an idea for a character's backstory or thoughts or mannerisms that I've also written; other times, they cotton on to something brilliant, something that seems canon-friendly to me, and so I weave it into my headcanon without precisely writing it into my fics. If/when I ever fully refer to something found in one source that changes my work, I'll try to cite it. So far, it's the diffusive culture of fandom works its diffusive influence...
things was because, honestly, they had no sodding idea how things really were, and no right to know until informed otherwise. But…
Molly, and himself. He’d resisted the idea that they were at all similar for so long, uncomfortable and — if he was honest now — afraid of what such a comparison would ultimately say about him. But maybe the reason they were here, at 6:22 on a blue-and-grey Sunday morning with the lights off, eating breakfast without clinking their cutlery to avoid waking anyone in earshot, was something strangely unique to themselves. For longer than he’d known her, Molly had… the only word for it was
Yes and no: he had never stopped thinking about the case, at least during the period in which he rebuilt (far more shakily than he ever imagined possible of himself) his concentration and attention. He could pretend, though, that it was the only thing on his mind.
It wasn’t a kiss that needed to lead anywhere in particular, didn’t make demands on either of them, and when it came to a natural end, John continued to rest his forehead softly against Sherlock’s, with arms holding tight to the bespoke wool puckers at Sherlock’s elbows. He’d hated, bristled at the implication Molly made:
‘Charmed though Miss Winter was by you, John, she is, I fear, another one of those tedious people who insists upon going to work during the daytime hours.’
‘Er… well…’ Bradstreet cleared his throat. John, still stunned, saw his own sense of bewilderment splashed across the inspector’s face. ‘I… suppose we should take you in for questioning.’
He brushed that off with a ghost of a smile, because Sherlock was a genius but also very much a git.
‘No,’ she frowned, a perfect upside-down smile that made her look, again, like a character out of a children’s book. ‘I, er — I ended it, actually.’
sound of metal against porcelain. ‘There was an interesting one: man, fifty-six years old, cardiac failure, died in hospital overnight. But as I was reviewing the body before we sent it to the undertakers, I noticed patch of… of discoloured skin. Oddly discoloured, I thought. On his hip.’
, this amazing, disastrous, incredible mess of a love that included chases across the city and midnight takeaway and medical journals and violins and a future of utter, glorious madness.
Somehow, the work of art — was it art, or a devotional service? a requirement of their nocturnal ritual? (were those mutually exclusive? His religious education felt several lifetimes old, and pretty comprehensively deleted) — hastened his resolution to leave. His presence here (his presence, he though morosely, anywhere) was a danger to them, even if their isolated and famously pacifist location provided some degree of protection. A few solid meals, perhaps a few medical supplies, and a few hours to arrange his thoughts into a proper plan (including how to get word to his brother via the deceptively well-connected head of the monastery) and he would be on his way.
John felt completely lost but Baker, the innocent nutter, looked thrilled. ‘My wife will be intensely pleased! My deepest thanks for retrieving the parrot from the shop. Mr. Windigate, the usual proprietor who arranges such things, left last night just after I stopped in to acquire the first pet, before he left for his tour of – all places – Salzburg, and after spending £700 on one bird–’
For the better part of the next hour, John attempted to teach their parrot every tasteless proverb under the antique and modern sun. Sherlock was thoroughly glad that they were committed to giving Ovid away, now that John had corrupted his mind; he would never have allowed their parrot to learn such absurdities.
John managed to get an over-stuffed pillow behind himself while Sherlock, probably unhelpfully, held John’s skull tipped up towards his in kisses, entwining them, kneecaps bumping as he climbed — too many limbs, fitting awkwardly, arms and legs like crash test dummies or puppets, knocking about blindly —
Sherlock snorted. ‘I knew they were books, and therefore unlikely to merit the level of subterfuge it would require to replace them in whatever carefully-tripped trap you had set for me.’
So she was happy to cut right to direct. Fine. He could do direct. ‘You know he’s responsible for three deaths — his wife’s death.’
They never quite slept, so eventually, when Sherlock rolled, stiffly, face caked (more palpably than visibly, in the darkened room) with his own and John’s tears, John forced himself back to waking, swung his legs around to sitting, then considered the time. Very late. Too late for delivery – anything decent, anyway. Jesus, he was really getting too old for this. Well, in a couple of hours, the earliest street market vendors would begin to claim the High Street; and in the meantime, there was bound to be a food truck or 24-hour express shop somewhere. Years of practice told him they would regret indulging a post-case deep sleep without at least trying to eat something.
‘Arash,’ Molly nodded, even though he hadn’t quite asked. ‘He’s nice. He’s a hospitalist at Bart’s so, it’s, you know, easier. Lots of it, anyway. So far.’
John looked up, stowing his notepad in his inside pocket. ‘Don’t worry, we don’t charge for enigma.’
back a normal tone of voice to the flat, he was prepared (within certain parameters) to accept it. ‘I meant, while there’s a case on.’
Considering the gaggle of medical personnel, 9-to-5 enervated office workers, and their respective, even more uncomfortable or undesirably outgoing partners (to say nothing of the crowd of pub-goers that would make such a large gathering possible without a reservation!) — it was indeed a foolish move.
,’ Sherlock sang, with as much lyricism as he could, to the parrot, who did indeed appreciate the cadence of the human voice as part of its communicative power, recited his sentence properly on the first try.
Again John snorted, but this time sat up more rigidly, pursing his mouth with contempt (for what? The reference itself was somewhat lost on Sherlock, who had, if memory served [it did] read the story as a boy and fallen rapturously in love with the bewildered, powerful, misguided scientist and his similarly bewildered, powerful, and misguided Creature). ‘Well isn’t
Sherlock was watching him warily. John’s skin itched; he felt more naked now than he had in the shower under the glaring bathroom light. After a moment, he moved round to the far side of the bed, picking up his comb and sitting on the edge of the mattress. Sherlock chomped his sandwich in silence behind him. John tried to reconcile the immediate strangeness that had crept into the room with him and his barely contained giddiness that Sherlock had invited himself into John’s bed.
‘Yeah, but… I dunno.’ Hopkins closed his notebook on his knee. ‘I just… I reckoned you’d have some trick or something to… to, you know, bring it back.’
,’ Sherlock pointed out quickly, though of course he couldn’t be sure his brother hadn’t done so. ‘And you managed to go almost six months without noticing her lack of contact, after you had decidedly
‘I’ll be back in a few hours,’ he muttered, sitting and toeing off his shoes before reaching under the bed for his noiseless ones.
with each other, they still somehow tried to hold each other at arms’ length — but he didn’t want that. He couldn’t stand the thought it, of not being able to gather Sherlock up and just hold him, gangly limbs and surprising heaviness and birthmarks and scars and curls. He didn’t
For himself, Damery was balding (hair formerly dark mahogany) and clean-shaven; 5’9” though he seemed slightly shorter due to approximately five years of significant bone density loss, and for having spent the majority of his life inclining his head for one reason or another. (His wife, almost certainly minor nobility (inherited cufflinks, not Irish), was an inch taller (before heels).) Clothes: meticulous, current without being ‘edgy’ or absurd (a lavender pocket handkerchief; a charcoal silk necktie) yet assiduously well-kept (his regularly de-scuffed shoes); a man, then, who slept well at night and rose early to perform his life’s duty, to play the role he had been assigned and do so with dignity. The pin on his inner lapel spoke of his seniority within the Carlton Club, his private political leanings, his feelings about Irish Home Rule, his literary taste, and (considering the usual fat-heavy fare at such institutional meals) his cholesterol. He had worn glasses (a nondescript style that would be acceptable for another few years) for the whole of his adult life, which added to his overall impression of being reliable, likable, personally disinterested and, most important of all, discreet.
‘I agree, that there were several other items of great value on that table which would certainly have been all too easy to take, for a desperate man. But surely the Carbuncle is enough!’
For a moment, John was overwhelmed with affection for the wild, brusque genius who was unconsciously placating their exotic pet. (The bird, in spite of himself, was growing on him.) But today, while he did feel slightly, madly drawn to this more pliable Sherlock, irritation sparked between his shoulder blades and along his lower abdomen, both because Sherlock was clearly avoiding any contact with John, and because, between Yard sergeants, Mycrofts, and landladies,
‘Linda?’ John called, finally leaving of his office a while later, stretching and slipping his phone (no texts) into his pocket. ‘Going for my lunch. Back in half an hour.’
,’ Ovid suggested, head slanted in confusion. Tone, as much as content, clearly aided the bird’s comprehension, but Sherlock simply could not instruct John on his tone without entering a conversation he was not prepared to have. He allowed John to continue.
Peterson smirked again, a little too meanly for John’s taste. ‘Said she hadn’t needed it ever before. Offering a five thousand pound reward for –’
‘Intriguing,’ allows Gruener, whose sudden appearance explains the necessity of the revolver currently pointed over Sherlock’s head. ‘There appear to be two of you.’
Colonel Sir James Damery was the kind of man whom John would have met often in military training institutions and seldom on the field of battle. He was, obviously, a wealthy, high-ranking (semi-retired) bureaucrat — the eminently transposable kind that sat behind desks in government, armies, corporations, news conglomerates, and the better organised of the criminal world. (Not that the latter was at all mutually exclusive the any of the formers.) After a lifetime of service to queen and country, Damery was the intimate acquaintance of a number of peers, foreign diplomats, and evidently, private individuals of he sort that didn’t have to rent their diamonds: of great means and little actual importance to the world.
In spite of all subsequent efforts of Sherlock’s to undo this one shining act of generosity, John stood here, on two healthy feet, breathing like a bull facing off against a red flag (and the moron who was waving it), hating to the depths of his being the person who had relished, even for a moment, the opportunity to take the wind out of Sherlock’s insensitive, selfish ego.
For a moment they were all silent. Then John burst out laughing, an enormous smile across his face that utterly erased the tension of a moment ago. ‘You have
By the time the Chinese food arrived, Sherlock was immersed in four spread-open glossy art books, muttering to himself and taking scribbled, short-hand notes. John settled in for a long night of barely keeping up with his resident genius, whose study habits were known only to himself (if that).
‘You…’ Sherlock began, not raising his head. No matter if this was an anniversary offering, it seemed important to be clear that he hadn’t meant (in this instance) to make a dramatic exit. ‘You didn’t have to leave.’
) with an ear lest the reluctant groundskeeper should recover from his fractured jaw and sore testes earlier than estimated.
John was pretty sure he was in love with Sherlock, which seemed a shame as Sherlock was apparently trying to kill him.
, he moans inwardly. His knees creak as he kneels to untie her laces and begin getting her down to suitable naptime layers.
His break was up, so he wished Beth a good luck, gulped down his tea, and told her to be in touch with details of matches.
, without any sign that he knew how it tore John up to feel this way. No indication that Sherlock really heard him even when he did say it. That Sherlock did believe him. That it was enough, that it would ever be enough, to keep him from leaving again.
(The pang of fear that had stayed with him had not been that AGRA would turn up to kill either him or John, but rather that John would miss Mary Morstan — that there were things he needed or wanted from his life that Sherlock couldn’t or didn’t know how to provide. And when John hadn’t appeared to do so, Sherlock had been all too ready not to look that gift horse in the mouth.)
‘God, I’m exhausted,’ John admitted, smiling into Sherlock’s shoulder, when the laughter subsided. ‘And I definitely need to shower. And
John laughed and, well, he was smarter than he looked, even when more than slightly tipsy, so he downed a glass of water (loudly: Sherlock could visualise each mouthful of water as it glugged past his Adam’s apple) and then deposited the empty glass on the counter with a harder-than-usual
With his customary stern frown of poorly masked excitement, Sherlock stood. The towel dripped a soft tattoo into the carpet at his feet.
— his granddad’s beat-up copy) as a way to pass the time, he was certain he was going to have to smother either his father or himself by dawn.
His words rang for a second between them, lingering in the air like an accusation he hadn’t meant at all.
(In January, despite Sherlock never having told him the date, John had, with a brilliance and thoughtfulness beyond Sherlock’s reckoning, found a seedy pub down by the docks near Greenwich, at which he encouraged him to get slightly drunk as John unfolded the details of a case the Met’s team had been working on
He paused looking at his microscope to see if John was joking. Unclear. ‘Even if he’s half as inebriated as that, he wouldn’t have — oof—’
‘Right.’ Brightened (though probably not at the notion that building sites were ideal for criminal activities of several kinds), John reclaimed the parcel (movement upon elevation: several heavy, muted
done that? How many hands had he grown in the last few minutes?); his neck was wet and red and bruising where John’s mouth had been.
At the exact same moment, Sherlock turned, parrot swaying on his shoulder as if in a stiff breeze, and announced loudly, ‘We need to speak to Lady Morcar.’
‘Fair,’ John conceded. Sherlock was eyeing them both watchfully, but John pointedly ignored him. He didn’t know Molly’s views — hell, her personal history — about sexual things. It was a bit hard to imagine that a woman who spent half her life smelling of formaldehyde and was sat in their front room, thin, elegant hands on her knees, wearing in a hand-knitted electric-coloured striped jumper over a clashing primary-coloured blouse, as someone who inclined to the darker side of sex. But, then again, you never knew. She’s fancied Sherlock, who — John found he could attest now from actual experience — was not exactly a laugh-riot in the bedroom. He cleared his throat. ‘Even so, though. If you need some air, or a break or anything, just — go ahead and take it, yeah?’
Somewhat hurriedly, Sherlock went to the floor and retrieved his erratically-used box of cleaning agents from under his bed, selecting an odourless, near-industrial-strength sanitiser and an ordinary cotton cloth. His hands removed mechanically his (soiled) clothing, placing the various articles in their proper receptacles for washing or dry cleaning. His mind, offline for the better part of the last half-hour in which he had almost certainly ruined his and John’s relationship, was roaring back to life.
love to put together a good story, and Harry — for all her faults and rough edges — did, in fact, make a good audience once the case got rolling. But today, when he had left Sherlock at home, when right now he was out with a woman probably snapping secretive photos of Gruener’s numerous dens of iniquity on some gadget the size of a pen, plotting some imperfect plan to go after him in the middle of the champagne toasts, John wasn’t sure he could plausibly make this story end any way other than
Early the next morning, though, he was stopped in his departure by the sight of (now, seven) monks adorned with the most absurd looking gold and yellow hats, a bit like a golden, velvet imitation of a centurion’s plume, once again peering over the ornament. With horror, he realised they were sweeping the sand into a heap — long gentle brushstrokes with a paintbrush or similar implement, and they were reducing their meticulous handiwork to a pile of mixed multicoloured granules!
John’s mouth was warm and amused, tasting of that last beer (ah, so they had run out of the ale, then) and — the second kiss clinched it — chips (more oil and vinegar this time: out in a hurry, not long enough in the fryer, too many customers, kitchen understaffed) and John. Sherlock inhaled the entire kiss until he was sure there were no sensations left unregistered, then drew back.
, for Christ’s sake) — it had apparently set him reeling from any kind of distraction, back to the admittedly life-or-death matter of the case.
‘At which point all parties exeunt stage-left, Huggins to his no doubt enthralling DVD collection of lesbian-centric pornography, Thaw to his pet goat and choir practice, Cusack to her twice-weekly nail appointment, budding alcoholism, spiralling credit card debt, and Horner, it seems, to the Greggs off Regent Street.’
The cab lurched to a stop, bringing John back from his reverie. If Sherlock had noticed John’s mental wander, he said nothing.
bed, except for ducking to the lavatory to relieve himself and rinse his mouth) and had a head-start — possibly (probably) had woken up ‘in a state’, refused to do anything about it — had stared at Sherlock instead, wasting time, refusing to
When he got back to the room, Sherlock was lying, eyes shut, shoulders sunk into the pillows with fatigue. John shuffled the papers into a haphazard stack and put them with the rest on the bedside table. Probably they’d need to keep at least a few clippings —
For the first time in what felt like hours, Sherlock felt like he could take a complete breath. Like he was glimpsing the possibility of ceasing to be a shadow that loved John, and returning to his existence, switched back from sleep-mode.
‘Don’t pretend this is just me, Sherlock,’ he growled shortly, but guilt was now corroding his feelings about the past few days (few weeks). Yet he knew, he
mistake. They had, he thought, trying to be logical, gone almost completely the wrong way about all of this (relationships, affection, fighting, trust, death, personal lack-of-space, jealousy, love) and now were adding new components (kissing, sex, hands, mouths, cocks, skin) in one fell swoop. Sherlock was a
; closed his eyes and concentrated on what John managed to tell him without speech. Heat and wet, numbed and smarting as if shocked by jumper cables, familiar like everything about John had become familiar, even his cells.
reassurance — that it determined his ability to handle normal life, normal people’s mistakes and missteps, for an indeterminate period afterward. Historically, this had meant that both of them flapped around, getting on each other’s nerves, sometimes driving each other up the bloody wall, John struggling against the impossible urge to wrap Sherlock very tightly in a hug that might force Sherlock’s breathing to sync with John’s, steady, under control, until he really felt it.
Thick-lidded and disorientated, he woke in the middle of the night to trembling windows and the muted hiss of incessant rain outside.
His lizard brain, still one-foot in bed, was crawling with too much information, the kind of information you were supposed not to notice about your friends, but… well, it wasn’t every morning he went into his kitchen to find a good-looking woman in a long white old-fashioned nightgown, bare legs and arms, smelling of floral washing powder and mint toothpaste, very, very obviously not wearing a bra in the brisk chill of Baker Street. Because women didn’t wear bras to sleep: that in itself was not news. Nevertheless, he possibly over-compensated by staring intensely as he scrubbed the now-soaked dishes from last night to within an inch of their lives, then, that accomplished, arranging the tea, toast, cereal, and beans on the only clear space left in front of him.
‘That a woman who interested you was, in fact, remotely interesting? I admit that part was a surprise, but statistically it had to happen—’
he been thinking. It was a miracle the man was able to dress himself at times).) Scenario B required one of them — namely, himself — to impersonate an expert in 16th-century etchings (he was sure Mycroft could find a spare Bruegel or, in a pinch, a Corot, to use as bait), who then either managed to take Gruener into his confidence — a long-con; undesirable, though more likely to yield the book if they could get the fool to
‘A pointless visit, as ever, Mycroft,’ he told his brother, preparing to accompany him out with something trite and
Amidst so many variables, the most glaring were the facts of the (returned) engagement ring, and the length of time between their last (known) communication and this failed one. The most unfortunate caveat, on the other hand, was that there was a bland, rational, dispassionate lump of tea and cake who had assured Sherlock, during his first week back to Baker Street, that the assassin who had so nearly been John’s wife (
Five uninterrupted minutes in that study, he was sure, would do the trick — enough time to get a sense up-close of the locks, desk drawers, potential decoy Tang vases or Rembrandts that might be hiding a key or switch or encoded document of some kind — better still, a quick run through Gruener’s clothes to see if he had any false pockets or secret compartments in a humidor—
He cleared his throat and steeled himself. ‘Flint was fluent with the phrase, “I love you, Papagena”, which I imagine was part of Baker’s personal request.’ He felt John’s eyes on him and hoped that he didn’t seem as childish as he sounded to himself. Even with the desperation of his bone-deep
, remove his mouth from Sherlock’s skin now that he had tasted it. He panted, resting his cheek against Sherlock’s jaw, and felt his stomach flip with shame. After a minute he slowly sat back and, with conscious effort, released his grip.
— pause before Greg spoke, more than the braced tension of his voice, settled over John’s riotous blood like frost sinking in to stone.
On one particular Saturday, however, we both found ourselves installed at our rooms at Baker Street, each engrossed in the publications of some of our respective affiliated groups. I had just reached the end of one such monograph when Holmes immediately raised his voice.
, to kick something (someone) – wanted to go back in time, erase the woman at the Pret, have Sherlock unaccept this case, stop them getting in that first awful row after the last one, or the rows during the Carbuncle mess, undo Mary and the fact that John was either so stupid or had such a hard-on for danger that he’d courted, fucked, maybe
‘Utterly,’ Sherlock snapped. No one’s legs were going to be shattered in an accident, no one was going to end up drowning, and if Gruener thought Sherlock was still tempted by the siren song of the drugs — well, he could go on thinking it. Perhaps it would be a useful misdirection. (Must consider that at a later date. (John wouldn’t be pleased, even if it
‘What?’ John wondered, dazed. He wanted to sink his face into Sherlock’s middle and breathe warm, slow, healing breaths into the still-recovering skin. Run his fingers up Sherlock’s sides, maybe while sitting side-by-side on the sofa. He would force himself to stay awake for that, if nothing else.
Ever a competitor, John faced himself squarely with the parrot balancing on the crook of Sherlock’s elbow, and intoned with deliberate purpose, ‘
In the seconds between tapping his card and waiting for it to go through, as the pair of women behind him stepped up to the other register, John had time to for another realisation to percolate up to his consciousness: Sherlock
There was a poem he hadn’t known he knew — though the title, the author had become detached from it along the way somewhere. He didn’t even know when or how he’d come to absorb even this much, whether he was remembering it rightly, in the right order with all the original words — but his own thoughts drifted far away, replaced with two lines on something like an endless, toneless repeat: ‘
Stirring slightly, John had frowned into his pillow, but soon sunk back into fretful sleep. Sherlock had laid his hand solidly on John’s hip, feeling himself electrified at such a touch, but had managed to repeat, clearly, ‘
‘I cannot impress upon you both the personal value of that stone. I would, as I have told the press, reward the recoverers accordingly.’
,’ he swallowed, very glad that they had the sheet because he wasn’t going to last long enough to use the table properly and he didn’t want to think about the state of the floor.
Sherlock shrugged uncomfortably, nose wrinkled, and shook his head all at once. ‘I’m perfectly fine.’
as of a large, soaked bedsheet being shaken out, and John felt sleep washing over him again. There wasn’t much space between Sherlock’s body and his, but, closing his eyes, he indulged himself and let his toes – warm, like his stomach, like the insides of his knees, like Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s hands only inches from John’s chest – slide over to rest under the soles of Sherlock’s feet. The new contact stirred Sherlock momentarily, and he snuffled and swallowed the saliva in his mouth, and settled again. When Sherlock slept, he slept like the dead.
It wasn’t a bad idea. He’d loved playing rugby when he was at uni, and the few pick-up games he’d managed between messes in the army. Sholto had been the reigning team captain every time — and Christ, there was
cane. Not only because it was unseemly (though it did nothing to flatter the too-young man who had no sound need for it), but because John — clearly — hated it. And John had loved the run from Angelo’s after the cab, even the wrong cab; had laughed against the wall until Angelo himself had appeared and delivered the punchline to the night’s best joke.
With all the coolness of feigned (but familiar) disinterest, he blew out a puff of nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide, acetic acid, acetaldehyde, ethanol, and hundreds of other ingredients (Sobranie, by the smell (and ash) of things) that Sherlock forced himself to remember were unnecessary to his happiness.
‘We’re only been on the case since ten o’clock last night,’ Bradstreet retorted. ‘We’ll find it today. And I’ve had instructions from my chief to keep this as quiet as possible. Consolidate our people.’
, dangerously plastered, sobbing out a whole year without Sherlock into his cardigan (the one with the burn hole Sherlock had made grabbing a pathologist’s cigarette and tossing it over his shoulder) on his bedsit kitchen floor. He’d told Mary yes.
Pulse elevated with frantic confusion, Sherlock took an automatic step to follow him, before freezing with the thought that John was distressed
, Sherlock replied instantly, ‘Only the moment before I disarmed her, just after Miss Winter began to move on Gruener.’
John’s expressed the same thought in every possible variant available to the English language, a three years-younger Sherlock crowed, before Irene had gone on to say the one thing John hadn’t — very much the thing he was thinking at the moment, the thing Sherlock’s eyes were now thinking too, so John chanced it, almost certain Sherlock would follow his mental track.
He felt, with his militarily-trained internal clock, that it was probably somewhere just before five, so he doubted he would sleep much more than another hour. If he timed it right, he could wake before Sherlock… could kiss him awake.
As Sgt. Challa worked open the wire fastening of the birdcage, John murmured to him, ‘The case of the missing parrot? Really?’
What he did remember, though, was the expression he’d first heard, though not quite believed, when his mum had died:
Thank you SO much -- honestly. thank you. -- to everyone who read, liked, commented, etc. It makes me giddy and self-important and GOD knows I need more of that. As to [Part 3], it's coming along very much at its own speed. But if the length (and *rating*) of the first two chapters is any indication, I expect it will come out all right.
Which was precisely the reason they were up here, approximately 442 miles from home or anywhere with sensible mobile phone service, in boots that made their feet ache and not another human life form visible. Thankfully neither of them was, as yet, planning to kill the other, though the setting made such a scheme all too easy.
His hoodie was almost sparkingly clean: well, Billy was a dab hand at chemistry. Unquestionably this more banal, literal sort of laundering was a ‘moral’, or at least legal, improvement upon his previous endeavours. A new, positive influence, then. To which end…
‘Back to the living?’ present-John inquired. His hair was doing a sort of upward swoopy thing, and he was considering Sherlock with his cheek in his hand, fingers squishing endearing lines up around the natural ones: overall, a look that made Sherlock’s stomach flip at the same speed he lost the sharper aspects of his vocabulary.
Even lying naked from the waist up, almost flat on his back, Sherlock managed to roll his eyes dramatically at his brother’s departing back.
, he was so turned-on and they’d barely got started. He was never going to leave this bed, just wring every ounce of pleasure out of Sherlock, every low broken sound that deafened them in the roaring quiet of his room, press every part of himself, bumps and ridges and inside and outside, into every part of Sherlock he could get to, outside and inside, until they’d ruined the bed. And then they could buy a new one and start over — no! They didn’t even have to — his old bed was upstairs! He had never been so happy to have his old, separate room as now.
After a moment in which he tried to gather his thoughts, feeling a slither of something in his gut, something ugly and corrosive, he shoved it away.
he asked himself once more, standing outside the pub with his own suit jacket, less brutally warm in the heat than his Belstaff but still — for July — perhaps unnecessary.
. Alluded to here, because Sherlock is also a dick. (2) The Bert Coules/Clive Merrison/Michael Williams adaptation of 'The Illustrious Client', which is excellent btw; (3) Homer. Again via Mark -- the portion he read for the Almeida theatre's *Iliad Live* production, from (obviously) the
‘No, no, no, that’s not going to work, don’t split hairs,’ John began, shaking his head and climbing out from under his computer. He rose, and Sherlock rocked backward with the momentary impression that John was going to kiss him – but, Sherlock found with a recoil of his stomach, instead he simply went to inspect more closely their latest interlocutor. Then he looked at Sherlock, a victorious smile poorly concealed on his face. (Of course, Sherlock could tell from the angle of John’s eyebrows and the number of wrinkles on his forehead whether John was pleased about an achievement, but didn’t think it was relevant to bring this up. And in any event, the more opportunities to study the contortions of John’s mouth, the better.)
The touch at his waist caused him to jolt in surprise, releasing the tortured strings from their ordeal. He side-stepped away and faced him.
‘Many of these were difficult to acquire,’ Gruener preened. ‘These English vendors are so squeamish. Fortunately, I have friends who are helpful in these matters.’
But her visit had interrupted the half-hour bubble of thick tranquillity that had followed Mycroft’s departure. Not that his visit itself had been anything but disturbing, but it had provided John with possibly his favourite rarity of life at Baker Street:
John’s own heart is in his throat, because as stupid and helicopterish as it makes him, he hates it when anything bigger than a dachshund even crosses the street near them some days. She’s still small enough that everything lights up his danger instincts if he’s in that sort of mood, and worst of all she’s clever enough lately to have worked out how to get herself into trouble but—for reasons both developmentally and parental—she hasn’t quite learned the best self-protective reflexes.
‘Not this way,’ murmured John, nearer to Sherlock, trying to radiate tranquillity in precisely the way he had been trained, years and continents ago, to speak to someone about to self-immolate with a suicide bomb, and before (or was it after?) that, the same tone for someone else entirely on the roof of a building, looking down at a gathering crowd. (His stomach flipped at the memory: disorderly affects, crowding his body and memory in own fell swoop.) ‘This doesn’t solve things. This won’t save anyone–’
‘He must keep it on his person, somehow,’ he explained aloud. This was the conclusion he had reached since arriving back at Baker Street. ‘He’s old-fashioned — loves antiques, loves hard material evidence, loves the possessive control he has knowing there are no other copies, no leaks he wouldn’t know about instantly. But it must be
. Loose change, broken, out-of-date electronics with their wiry guts splayed apart as though they’d burst at the joints. Even half-forgotten cups whose contents (all alcoholic of course) were now just sticky pools at the bottoms of smudged glassware that somebody — namely, John — would have to clean up his fucking self if they ever wanted to sell the damned place once his father…
‘Oh! You’ve read my books: how flattering. How quick you are, Mister Holmes,’ grinned Gruener with glinting eyes.
up-side to a potential partner (platonic or otherwise). Admittedly he could answer questions with an accuracy exponentially higher than an average (i.e. mundane, and therefore largely worthless) mind; he could solve crimes and put ‘bad’ people off the streets. Granted.
at last.) Meanwhile, the bulbous silver thing, the very bulkiness of which had been the tip-off as his fingers slid amongst the otherwise streamlined contents of Gruener’s pockets, was no timepiece, but rather an odd fob watch-
‘Exactly,’ she exhaled, wearily going to the kettle that had just popped. Then, meeting his eyes again for a second as she reached to grab the box of Yorkshire sachets — ‘Oh thanks,’ she added reflexively when he ducked over and got the milk —, she went about pouring the steaming water with the look of a woman who is absolutely bursting with questions.
Bradstreet looked commandingly at the accused, his solemn anticipation of the murder case giving way to his dogged adherence to procedure. ‘I think you’d better come upstairs to the interrogation room, sir, while we get this whole affair cleared up.’
… as though no matter what room Sherlock walked into, no matter how dire or tedious or bewildering or cacophonous,
For a split-second he considered drawing back, removing the latex, coating not just his throat but his chin, his cheek, his nose, his eyelids in spunk,
who’d spilled his lunch over several strangers was now second-in-line to the till with a fresh cup. ‘Ah. Well.’ Irritated, John didn’t think it worth facing off in public with the tosser to get him to pay for him and the other people who had to scatter from the spill: an oily, sneering city boy, the kind that never gave up their seats on the tube for pregnant women or the elderly, ignoring them while texting or worse, chatting loudly to his mates. It wasn’t fine, obviously, but John was either too recently well-shagged or too tired to bother with confronting him. So he kept the napkins in a (momentarily balled) hand and instead managed to sop up the bits over his shoes. ‘You go on, then,’ he said to the woman. ‘Got to…’ He flapped a bit, and she, the ginger, laughed. He chanced a sideways glance at her, finishing up with his cleaning. Quite attractive, it turned out.
‘My wallet, darling,’ he growled, drawing on no shortage of impatience and funneling it into his character. ‘I think it might have ended up in the bin!’ People never looked twice at others doing what they considered ‘mad things’; and in any event, this was a perfect cover story, sure to elicit either sympathy or smug disapproval from passers-by. And that was if anyone even bothered to notice him, in a place so clearly intended to be used only by residents rather than passers-by, with only the pavement (or the rear windows of the next street over’s residents) exposed to traffic that might spare him any glance at all. By the time he’d had a thorough survey, the fact that they had him on CCTV in their back garden would be too little, too late to prevent him gathering all the necessary pieces to close the noose around Gruener.
Straining slightly to reach the Grey Poupon at the back of the cupboard (John preferred yellow, like a builder or football enthusiast,
The polite composure with which Sherlock enunciated this statement struck John first as hilarious, and second as staggering. Uncertain, he searched Sherlock’s face for anything like a joke. In its place he saw simple fear.
‘Suze Winter,’ John told him, in a clipped, directive tone he’d learned from being pointman on more than one op in his life. ‘You said last night on the phone that she —’
John stood up — releasing a few imprisoned inner-benchers who quickly made for the bar or the lavatories, leaving a sudden gap in the seating — and made to move past him, but instead stopped short, shoulder to shoulder, facing the rest of the room. ‘What are you drinking?’
Sherlock considered kicking him down the stairs, but didn’t fancy having to clamber over the mess on his way out.
The man was made of ice, there was no other way about it. (Sherlock had once thought himself the same. The reality, he discovered, was proof of the difference.) But if he had noticed Sherlock’s inner distress, he had elected –
John prevented his own eyebrows from going into his forehead (much), but he couldn’t speak for Sherlock. ‘With that Tim bloke?’ That was good: Molly was, in spite of all of John’s doubts right now, definitely a lovely woman, albeit one who seemed to be unsure how to do overtly social things, like dating.
‘UGH!’ His hands dug reflexively into eyesockets, a common gesture of aggravation which John exercised frequently. (John’s hands – later, when they had solved the case(s), Sherlock could easily devote at least an hour to the minutiae of John’s incredibly expressive hands.)
They hadn’t spoken all day, but still John’s frown — not even slightly fractured by a laugh — set loose a wriggling eel in his abdomen. Mycroft’s grimace, on the other hand, was satisfyingly thin.
The woman, dressed in a very sensible outfit of flattering yet flexible jeans and a similarly mobile pepper-gray coat, was regarding steadily him, an unblinking (almost amused?) gaze somewhat at odds with their current positions. She was on the earlier side of middle-aged (about his own age), dyed-blonde, perfumed (though through his partial olfactory jumble it was hard to make out), cuffs rolled up above markedly multi-purpose boots. Not remotely afraid of him. In sum: definitely not one of Gruener’s
. The broken, poorly-hidden expression on Sherlock’s face exterminated the relief that had momentarily sprung to life in John’s chest. Not even a week ago, in the safely unfamiliar space of a hospital room, Sherlock had clung to him, wrung out, seeking the comfort of John’s body just as much as John had wanted his; had offered, almost by accident, the three words no one on earth had ever been fortunate enough to hear from him (at least John suspected so; not like that). John refused to give them back.
‘Why bother even having locks on the doors!’ Sherlock wondered aloud, disappearing into the next room. ‘Are people
‘Did you honestly think she was a nurse? Are you that obtuse? “Mary Morstan” wasn’t even her real name!’
On a sudden impulse, John folded his hand gently over Sherlock’s right fist where it was seized on itself, planted beside his ear as though he was holding an old wheel-dial telephone receiver. Immediately on John laying his own hand over him, however, Sherlock unlocked his fingers, tugging on John’s to interleave with his. (Additionally, he realised, this position brought not only John’s arm but his entire body down to lie closer to Sherlock’s, wrapped over him like a fire blanket attempting to smother a flame.) He held tight, pushed a fraction back, then a little bit deeper, and tried to breathe through his nose.
It hadn’t really stopped — the aimless disorientation, the maddened fear of being rendered completely useless and incapable of happiness, of
‘You do though,’ John informed him, at last meeting his eyes, with heat. It sent a shiver down his spine as their eyes met, knowing this information that somehow Sherlock — Sherlock bloody Holmes — didn’t know about his own body. He loved that birthmark: had admired it in the golden glow of that brilliant morning not so long again, had been thinking about it even since he’d caught a glimpse of it, of all things, in sharp contrast to the fiercer pink scars below. And yet, the kind of thought he tended to have as he slipped between waking and dreaming — that, of Sherlock’s previous partners, no one had made enough (made anything) of the terrain of Sherlock’s unfairly beautiful skin.
Sherlock rounded on them both with an imitation of moronic joy. ‘As ever, Mycroft doesn’t trust his staff not to post official secrets on Twitter. Isn’t the fate of the nation in wonderful hands!’
Breathing into John’s skin, Sherlock didn’t immediately pull his mouth away, though his smooth hands that had been sculpting along John’s sides were balled tensely.
‘Okay. So then let this be the one thing you wait to pass a verdict on. This is it, us. Watch and see.’
in a way John couldn’t find a way to label otherwise. He had a lovely voice: like poetry, John thought. But that wasn’t the kind of thing they were here for, so he shook it aside.
An hour later, empty stomach cramping and left leg asleep, he was reconsidering his foliaceous allegiances.
They both went on chewing their food in companionable silence, and John thought about all of it. His parents, Harry… Molly’s life, or what he knew of it (which was, really, vanishingly little), was kind, good, neat and tidy… boring. She was possibly the most interesting member of her family. It wouldn’t surprise him. Bunched up on the bench opposite, she looked small, but sturdy, like things that flattened other people rolled off her. (She’d managed to get through hours of Sherlock’s increasingly tetchy behaviour last night without visibly taking it personally, which was more impressive than it might sound to someone who hadn’t witnessed it.)
‘Sherlock?’ he called, heading up the stairs, not especially expecting an answer. The flat remained hushed.
‘I apologise,’ because this was the heart of the problem: his own utter emotional inconsistency; an ability he simply lacked. ‘That was not intended to —’
[Content warnings for ACD/Rathbone/BBC-typical violence, mentions of past abuse, blood. As you probably already expect from case fics (and this fic in particular: see tags) but, you know, fair warning.]
‘But I need some time to adjust. We both do…’ John nearly stifled his last point, but after momentarily deliberating, he seemed to decide he could bear voicing it aloud. He shrugged and met Sherlock’s eyes head-on, a wry sad smile not quite holding on his lips, as though resigned to his fate. ‘It’s not easy for me… to want to kiss you more than you want to be kissed.’
He cleared his throat, pushing that thought aside. Even so, she was right: he’d given her the brush-off for the last three coffee dates and dinners she’d suggested since he’d moved back to Baker Street. (Not that it stopped her from texting or commenting on his blog, sounding most often like a shouty kid half her age who couldn’t spell to save her life.) But now that things were different between him and Sherlock, maybe it was a good idea to try to — well, include her, a bit. He’d already told Bill Murray, over a pint two weeks ago, which had earned him a clap on the back and a series of increasingly joking questions of the level of obscenity only a soldier could accomplish. Mrs. Hudson and Greg had both found out pretty accidentally, and been more relieved than surprised (though Greg groaned that he’d never hear the end of it from Anderson and Dimmock, who apparently called a stalemate on their bet years ago).
‘God, that sounds brilliant.’ He stepped forward and leaned over, kissing Sherlock through a smile because nothing had ever felt like this – like someone was there to catch him, not just to have his back during a fire-fight or notice when something was wrong just by looking at him (although Sherlock could and had done both). They tipped forward across the bed (well, backward, for Sherlock, flat on his back and petting those beautiful, alien fingers along John’s sides) and John knelt over him, flooded with desire and affection and relief and… hope.
‘Maybe…’ He considered the tools available, the time left, the likelihood that she would agree to cut her hair. (Surely this constituted a ‘good cause’!) ‘Perhaps if she went incognito as a man.’
Baker Street saw, not for anything like the first time, the bullish pacing of one of its two inhabitants, treading out his anger through his socks into the carpet.
) would have picked for himself. And forced was very much the extent of it, considering, as he had verified later, how much it cost: well more than he’d ever bothered on hygiene products, for any girlfriend or family member, never mind for himself. Which was, he reckoned, the none-too-subtle point:
The thickest of Sherlock’s dressing gowns — the camel-coloured one, tucked into the standing wardrobe — was much too long for him (even Sherlock had to roll up the sleeves to avoid looking like a kid in his dad’s robe), but the silkier, stupidly posh ones were easier to pass off as dishevelled and… well, his. He picked the burgundy — at least it wasn’t see-through — wrapping it tightly around himself and fought off the feeling that he was simply copying Irene, stealing Sherlock’s clothes in a blatant attempt to seduce him.
Sherlock smirked, meeting the golden-flecked cobalt of John’s eyes, reflecting the unusual amount of late sunshine. ‘I’ll leave you to your deductions.’
Sherlock cringed, uncertain if they were about to relapse into yet more destabilizing self-reflection.
John was watching him attentively now, brow drawn down over his face as he listened. The warmth from their still-tangled arms prevented a shiver that threatened to break under his skin.
I'm sure there's more but I should leave well enough alone. Thank you so much to everyone who read, liked, commented, or in any way interacted with this story — or who, in the future [from now] does so after it's no longer a WIP. This site does a lot for me, and I hope this fic has done anything for you.  An ode to broken things. x
Had he said it purely to watch the incredibly plasticity of John’s face change arrangements at the speed of lightning, he would not have been in the least disappointed; equally, had he blurted it out in order to test the fortitude of his still-recovering bowels, it would have been a compelling experiment.
He opened a black volume— no key, fingerprint ID, nor even passcode… it just… opened — upon which his hand had been resting, revealing a box container. (Useful for storing archival pages that could not be bound, and required limited exposure to light.) With his bare hands —
This was — there was something awful, enormous and terrifying, in this statement — it echoed in his ears like thunder shaking a small aircraft as it flew through a storm. Every terrible thing he’d ever seen reflected on the faces of Victor and Alec and Sally Donovan and his parents and his teachers and the shrieking little girl whom Moriarty had nearly poisoned with sweets, all of that irreconcilable, inconsolable darkness they feared in Sherlock was at the heart of John’s words: and yet, somehow, John was throwing himself into the darkness willingly.
, John knew it: they loved each other. It wasn’t bloody rocket science. They were in this for good, forever. But here again was Sherlock, essentially denying it to his face, forcing him (yet again) to blink first, to come out and
He kissed him again, leaning into him greedily, his fingertips slipping to the top of Sherlock’s trousers.
Wordlessly and without looking at each other they each dropped a handful of notes on the bar and went their way through the crowd, John not caring at the prickle on the back of his neck as people around them, probably, whispered at their departing forms (‘pansies’, ‘poofs’), didn’t care if they looked like slags or escorts or just strangers about to fuck in an alley.
He felt with dizzying certainty that Sherlock was cataloguing his every movement, hovering over and all around John to take in every ripple of gooseflesh and every aching twitch as Sherlock applied his hands broadly and with determination. As his thumb snagged John’s nipple he cried out; it felt like an electric shock to the tips of his hair.
thinking? He had wanted to apologise, to emphasise to John that he had read their situation correctly for once, and that he would endeavour in future to respect their partnership before launching into anything drastic. Except that was exactly what he had
‘I had hoped to arrive ahead of him, in order to give you some due warning…’ He cast a glance over the stack of semi-clean dishes, the rumpled afghan in a pool on the sofa, their bowed shelves stuffed with potentially useful paperwork, the very faint stench (where was that — ah, his laundry hamper: his week-old sodden socks) of proliferating mould, Sherlock’s cufflinks glinting where they had bounced on either side of the doorway last night. ‘Should you wish to prepare.’
Pitching the dirty dishes into the sink — ‘Don’t worry, we’ll get them later, just… just leave them anywhere’ — and packing the leftovers into closed containers on the worktop (Sherlock almost certainly wouldn’t eat when he woke up, even if John did leave a threatening note, but he’d do it anyway, on the off-chance), John finally threw the tap for a few seconds to run hot water over the plates and utensils.
, I think when the hospital discharged you, they didn’t imagine wrestling an armed bodyguard and knocking her out to be the same as a game of ten-pin bowling in the park.’
Paris?’ he asked instead, which was ludicrous as that was indeed the Eiffel Tower’s foot glimpsed in the corner of the shot.
He toes off his shoes and slides into bed behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him and nosing up to the nape of his neck.
Despite the substance of their quarrel so far, Sherlock’s tongue caught on the image he wasn’t supposed to have: Mary Morstan, a woman he wasn’t supposed to know existed — an assassin (a fact not even John knew (Sherlock himself was only 95% certain)).
To stave off any comments in this direction: please remember that John's views, opinions, thoughts, etc. are *separate* from mine. He's a bit of a prick sometimes, because he just is.
‘No, I know,’ John huffed. ‘The house has its own art studio, though: that’s got to be part of it, surely?’
With as much energy and dignity as he could gather, he wiped his stomach and sticky thighs with the top margin of the sheet, then curled himself onto his side, facing the door. He wanted Sherlock to admit it, here and now, while they were both exposed and debauched and prideless. (Not apologise — that was surely asking too much.) Wished he would listen when John said, in every way possible, that he wasn’t going to leave: that he didn’t think he would survive it, not a second time.
‘Hey,’ John whispered, grabbing his face with both hands and replacing the remembered midnight (hideous stucco salmon) hotel room with his real dark wide eyes. ‘We only just got the place to ourselves.’ He scanned Sherlock’s face. ‘I’ve got ideas, none of which I actually fancy having to do on my own. So just… focus.’
John chose that moment to skate his slippery fingers between the crease of Sherlock’s arse — he didn’t give a toss if the man had been the butler or the secretary or the sodding ghost of Christmas past — and Sherlock sucked in a breath so fast he nearly choked.
Every part of him was tensed, staggered, emanating from a soreness in his chest that ached like burn of a pneumonic cough. He turned his back to Sherlock for a moment in the hopes of mastering himself.
‘My beloved Violet has now a necklace of diamonds and a lover whose devotion is impervious to the slanders of devising minds. I can be quite… hypnotic, if I choose, you know, Mister Holmes.’
After a long moment staring at him, Danube eyes pouring into Sherlock’s as though speaking some otherworldly language of which Sherlock was still only a novice, John replied quietly, ‘All right. I’m gonna need a while to sort out my head on that now, but…’ He exhaled slowly, attempting resigned patience. ‘Just don’t… don’t lie to me. Okay? Please? I’ve really had enough of people — for ages —’
John’s stomach lurched at the wrongness of Sherlock lying, propped up, on his back, eyes shut: he slept at odd angles, nose and mouth squished as he drooled directly onto the mattress or pillow, knees bumping John’s in the night. Recently, anyway. From now on.
since he’d worn a disguise! — not since Norway, a beard that coincidentally had begun just around the time John had grown his deplorable moustache (it aged him ten years at least. What
John’s thighs were tacky and burning victorious as he walked out into the last dregs of night, across the three or so miles back through the town centre, by which time it was nearly sunrise. He might, he thought, manage to avoid the brunt of the hangover if he skipped to coffee and pastry now. When the bakery opened at half-five, he was the first and only customer, snagging three kinds of croissant for himself; he only just remembered to grab a large pecan danish for Anne. The first of his was gone before he was over the road.
‘He keeps… notes…’ she started, but thankfully — Jesus — John was glad she didn’t have to go through the ordeal of telling them
(He usually made an effort not to interrupt, but for some reason the image of two polar opposites, fire and ice, who could easily have bumped shoulders (or at least elbows) on the way to the loo in a nightclub without knowing it, was impossible to picture against the backdrop of Violet’s pristine, manicured, sterilised flat.)
Mycroft’s smile soured deeper than usual, his eyes narrowed. ‘Charming that you think such a story would see the light of day simply because you choose to make a spectacle of yourself.’
He smiled and shrugged. ‘Send me anyone who says otherwise, I’ll take care of ‘em.’ He stepped back to allow her room. ‘Besides,’ he added, lowering his voice, ‘I always need you to help me in case Himself solves the great parrot caper and starts climbing the walls.’
‘What do you want?’ he demanded quietly, but not – John noted – fearfully. Then again, if Sherlock’s details on the drug den Mr Ramani was apparently running from the basement were accurate, Sanjay Ramani had seen far worse than a consulting detective and his (armed) GP.
The morning had been tense, Sherlock admitted as much to himself, but once again he was not to blame. John had fallen asleep the previous night with almost insulting speed, after not one but two orgasms in the space of as many hours, which (based on what little memory space was being wasted on the subject) Sherlock understood to be exceptional. Sherlock had managed very little sleep – and how could he, with every sensory organ absolutely packed with John
— knew what they were getting up to. The front door swung open before John could crowd Sherlock against it, but he more than kept up with Sherlock’s great leopardine springs up the stairs (another usually-annoying act that was currently fuelling John’s tunnel vision).
‘Then we have’ – he checked his watch – ‘roughly ninety minutes to teach this parrot the classical languages. Sit down.’
‘Did you honestly think she was a nurse?’ he parried, because that much, unquestionably, was a blatant falsehood. ‘Are you that obtuse? “Mary Morstan” wasn’t even her real name!’
‘Shit,’ he grunted, world spinning, as his back met the brick bluntly, further jarring his shoulder, knocking his head, leaving all the parts of him shuddering like the train tracks in the wake of the train.
Evening was falling with deceptive gentleness over the city. The atmosphere in the car sobered with each passing mile.
‘Dada,’ she whimpers, and John is astounded—taken aback—to have his daughter brought home by the only other person who loves her as much as he does, in tears.
John’s head popped up to stare at the ceiling, furious, because the fake moustache, now stowed in under-the-sink drawer, had been perhaps his only contribution to the whole sodding plan and honestly, if Sherlock was going to pick him up on it now of all fucking moments, to score points in the contest of ‘who wore it better?’, John was going to need to go for a long walk away from his own temper.
‘I want to get it right,’ he murmured. He was deeply aware that it sounded like a bad cliche, a chat-up line for a girl at a uni party fifteen years ago. Didn’t stop it being true.
‘I did at one point try to follow the constantly-updated news on the women you date, but eventually I was exhausted of receiving
For someone who looked very much like she, small though she was, could deck not only another woman in a catfight but probably a fair few of John’s RAMC mates in a sparring match, all in high-heels and with only a
‘You wanted to talk,’ he breathed, smelling faintly of mustard and ham, a cord-end in each hand, ‘and sleep.’
The rest of things went more quickly than John would have liked, but as usual, they got carried away. He knew he was murmuring an endless chorus of endearments and reassurances into his skin (‘you’re incredible, you have no idea, god do that again, you’re a bloody genius, fuck, ugh, you feel amazing, you, Sherlock, god, do you have any idea, you bastard, I love you, fuck, please, Jesus,
‘Mm,’ he allowed, staring down at the outbreak of gooseflesh. His mind was whirring back online with possibilities. He couldn’t smell oranges, or tea leaves, or firewood, but his nose and mouth were still full of Sherlock and the world of flavours that meant, so maybe he could be persuaded to indulge — from time to time — in the posh stuff to use to his advantage.
John laughed, though, scrubbing his face sharply and extricated himself for good, trying and failing to surreptitiously adjust himself in his trousers.
wished no one was here so they could discuss if Sherlock needed more time to ruminate on Gruener’s crimes or if it wouldn’t be better to forget about it all right now and not-literally ‘
, it would all have been for nothing — less than nothing — a crime beyond any rational estimation, that John’s hot scratchy skin might have gone cold before Sherlock had had a chance to touch him like this —
By the time he eventually reached the Cosmopolitan, he was almost glad Sherlock wasn’t to hand either for him to clock or to snog. Fortunately he had a meeting with a supermodel so he didn’t have to decide just now.
His restrained shouts, hopefully quiet enough not to wake Mrs Hudson, nevertheless sent a shockwave through the room, binding them both to several more minutes of silence. In the corner of the mirrored image, Sherlock’s ice blue shirt, altered even as it was in this half-light, reflected the only light in the room.
‘Not particularly.’ He took off the jacket (expensive to dry clean, even if it was only for costume) and handed it to her. ‘Don’t get that dirty.’ He pushed up the bottle-green faux-wool (itchy) sleeves and threw open the first of the two 140-litre wheelies.
(At the door, he toed into his classic, familiar brogues, then reached for his jacket, only to find he was still wearing it.)
John’s mouth pressed forward onto his with almost no warning, unhesitating except with a soft sighing exhale in his nose as his hand found the back of Sherlock’s neck to tip him forward and a bit to his left, into John’s mouth. (John’s jaw, a prickle of idiomatic stubble. And he was warm — overwarm, hadn’t ever taken off his damp, humid coat.)
John’s eyes weren’t too heavy to roll, but Sherlock was steering him towards the bed, so it went mostly to waste. He sat heavily on the edge of the mattress and allowed the yawn he’d been stifling since six AM, when they’d been woken by a nurse at the hospital — god, had that been
, anyway.) He and Sherlock, though, had spent so many years loving each other quietly, imagining fantasy versions of each other, in amongst the everyday of bad tempers and absent-minded scratching, that were never interrupted by mismatched desires or poor communication or just plain awkwardness. Was it possible (he thought, in a slightly out-of-body way) they had missed the opportunity to be
‘…and several of the other ladies from the chorus line have taken ill, but it really was only for a day or two. I expect it’s going around, you know, this time of year. All this damp and people not wearing proper coats.’
Few things encouraged Sherlock to believe in a vindictive cosmos so much as the appearance, in such moments as these, of his brother on the landing.
‘The Austrian murderer?’ Fascinating: this was more promising than his brother had intimated. (Or perhaps he simply didn’t know:
. Empty bottles and molding takeaway boxes strewn across the kitchen and dining table; expired egg salad reeking in the fridge, and a once-washed load of dishes on the rack, long since dry; stacks and stacks of old post and scraps of paper mixed with family photo albums, and opened, unpaid, and overdue notices bloody
‘Brilliant,’ John concluded, insides hot and twisted with something uncharacteristically like nausea, because this wasn’t just Sherlock being a tit and pushing John’s buttons, this was clearly something else — something he’d been withholding for god knew how long. ‘Everyone… is
Cusack tilted her head sharply to the side, looking confused. ‘Pardon, the safe? Oh no, Lady Morcar had her jewels in her lacquer rosewood box – a family heirloom itself – on the dressing table. Not in the safe.’
John waited a few moments as Swandam Street vanished behind them, before finally prompting, ‘So? Got it then? What’d they do with the body?’
Christopher was drunk and gone a bit soppy, John well into his cups as well and more importantly not giving a damn — not about whether the cabbie or the people on the pavement or the angels overhead disapproved — as Christopher and he hopped happily into the back seat, partners in crime, then played up their drunkenness, giggling and finding ways to get their hands on each other not-so-surreptitiously the entire way. Pulling up only a few minutes later, the house appeared slightly less romantic or clandestine than John might have imagined: a surprisingly average and decent looking attached house (nicer than his parents’), on a street with lamps far enough apart to splash tangerine-coloured light and imperfect shadows. Even the front garden was ordinary, decked with an overgrown attempt at a garden and the one (or was it two?) blurry Council-provided bin(s). All this John had time to glance at hazily as he threw himself first from the taxi, hoping Christopher would pay (since John, even in his cups, tallied the remaining cash in his pockets as ‘insufficient funds’).
Sherlock had depressed the button and lowered his bed from sitting to lying flat to escape such foolishness. John had snorted.)
‘You do have a perfect arse,’ he commented, laying one slick and one dry hand on each cheek, respectively, relishing the shivers that radiated from the contact. ‘Fit for royalty. No wonder the Queen’s butler didn’t throw us out.’
He shut his eyes (rolling them still made the bed seem to spin vertiginously at an incline that decoupled the floor from the walls). ‘What I mean to say, Detective Hopkins, is that I have
Ignoring the way the man had not stopped talking (just got a promotion; considering moving out into a nicer house, with a proper garden; friends with John for some time and likely to read his blog; not especially calm under pressure; small bladder; ex- (or, actually, now only casual) smoker), John did not take his eyes off Sherlock until he had approached the group, feeling every inch of John’s attention like a high, racketing up his heart-rate, making the entire raucous painful planet seem suddenly full of good-will, amusement, and interest. (The rest of the world could go to hell for all he cared just now; but this buzz, around John, never entirely dissipated.)
Sherlock rose from his chair and went to stand near him (though he stood very still, lest his presence induce John to move away). The roast did smell divine.
‘And you knew him… from an investigation?’ John attempted, to prevent Sherlock having to engage more with this topic than was absolutely necessary.
John hopes his face doesn’t look as heartbroken as he feels just in that second. ‘Not possible,’ he whispers. And he kisses him, quietly but with as much calm and certainty as he can muster. Rosie is enamoured of Sherlock, gazes in awe at him when he does experiment or goes on a whirling rant—sometimes literally twirling about with her in his arms—about just about anything; tells him every single thing she sees as they walk or take the Tube or stroll through the shops, and giggles delightedly when he deduces embarrassing things she only half understands about the people around them. Only John has ever been so devoted an audience, and in return only Sherlock has the stamina for some of Rosie’s less coherent, abrupt-ending narratives.
a high-functioning sociopath,’ John declared, with sweeping, certain decisiveness. The air in the room changed, shifted like the breeze before a storm, the scented gust of fumes and heat before a tube rushed blazingly onto a platform. As though the entire conversation hinged on this and this alone…
,’ John repeated exhaustedly, and Sherlock’s focus snapped back to the tense lines of around his mouth. ‘But I don’t want to count on it every time.’
Greg, who had been out working on his own case, came by after he clocked off (or, John realised much later, possibly
minutes, which meant it might have been a whole ten minutes since the worst thing that had ever happened to him had happened
, or are you simply too emotional to take in new information? It wasn’t a premeditated deception! For god’s
see her body? You’re a clever woman, surely you find that more than a bit suspicious? Do you want to wake up, ten years from now, and realise that all along he's been lying to you? Do you really want to be one of those girls?'
There was the new artwork directly across from their bed: a gift for John’s birthday, in museum-quality framing, of a drawing (ink on (Spanish, manuscript) paper, 1899) of a sagittal section of neural tissue, one that looked as good — indeed better, Sherlock and John agreed, than most things in the Tate Modern. (The Vitriol case, as he’d come to term it in his own files, had had the surprising upside of a becoming acquainted with several high-quality, albeit ‘disreputable’ art vendors. John had not asked, and so did not know how much it had cost to acquire the original work, nor indeed did he need to.) Originally, this had been the entire present, more than sufficient — John said afterwards — even for the first proper gift exchange of their romantic relationship. But, particularly after Sherlock’s birthday, he had felt a need to go above and beyond.
With a drenched, reddened hand he deftly pushed the cell-door open, and stepped in. Almost noiselessly, he leaned over the small man who was currently curled on the cot, asleep. All four spectators shuffled in close, Bradstreet nearly blocking the view of his curious and now technically superfluous juniors. John crossed his arms and waited.
But then, Paris had been awful — too much time together in too-close quarters, and they couldn’t agree what to see or when to eat — and they’d come back on rocky footing with each other.
It seemed surreal. Empty words, from a different life. (Maybe, in his eventual write-up of these years, he could weave Mary’s story into a case. One of the rich City clients that preferred to remain anonymous.
knew his entire (slightly embarrassing) given name, but he found himself slowly, gently divested of the book and instead grasping for dear life to the biceps of John Hamish Watson, RAMC, three years in Afghanistan, a veteran of Kandahar, Helmand, and Barts Teaching Hospital, doctor, soldier, blogger, police consultant, author, brother, friend, and…
‘Holmes,’ Bradstreet nodded, before John could give Sherlock an inquiring look, ‘Dr. Watson, good to see you again. It’s not looking terribly good for
from the hospital, if that’s what you’ve been imagining. No matter what morons my brother has stationed around the exits.’
’ – he left no doubt in his voice about his generous application of this title to such a creature – ‘for aggravated trespassing –’
Like a long, stretched-out downbeat, Sherlock’s quiet, ruffled breaths sent reflexive shivers of gooseflesh where he was tucked in below John’s chin. At least, stilling, John told himself it was reflexive. He waited.
’ Sherlock demanded, flummoxed, breathing heavily and looking at John like he’d asked him if he’d like to have Mycroft round for an extended nudist Sunday roast. John could only blink at Sherlock: his mouth was entirely wet and red, including above his lip where his familiar patch of dark faint stubble had begun to appear.
‘Y’alright there?’ called a man climbing out from the ludicrously small wooden guardhouse. (No more than two on-site at a time; father, small baby, exhausted, hates employer, hates mother-in-law living with them during infant’s first few months, too much bargain sausage and mash in diet of late – reheated, even cold in leftovers during shifts. Too short to have been the man who aided in his stabbing – and, more fundamentally, only a guard: not the strong-arm type.)
that I didn’t need to know that she was last seen working in London, a fact he and I will be discussing in–’
‘You’ve been here the whole time, but,’ Sherlock croaked, eyes transfixed with looking at their entwined limbs, ‘it’s not — it is irrational to feel that —’
into the house of the man who employed a usually useless but nevertheless ruthlessly directed cohort of guards who, though you were going in costume, nevertheless cannot all be entirely relied upon not to see through the
A memory, or constellation of memories, surfaced in his mind: Sherlock pestering him for weeks, trying to catch him off-guard, hoping to deduce (‘Henry.’) or surprise (‘Humphry!’) or maybe just stumble upon (‘Higgins…?’) John’s middle name. The invasion of privacy, at the time, of coming home one afternoon to see Sherlock reviewing a birth certificate John had quite definitely not given him, had been mitigated by a sense – even then, before Irene, before the full hell of Moriarty, before what came after – of the lengths Sherlock would go to know him,
She wasn’t wearing make-up, he noticed more clearly under the fluorescent light. But her hair was in its usual iron-straight ponytail. (How she kept it so tidy, he’d never know. Harry’s hair had tended to tangle ferociously when they were kids, leading to an immensely unfortunate phase of perms and hair spray that made her look more like candy floss than a person.)
‘Bollocks. Unless your blog is a massive sham, Johnny, I’d have to say the “evidence” doesn’t agree with you. When was the last time you went out for a pint with your mates without being dragged away? And what about Mary? I mean,
The reply was instantaneous (well, as instantaneous as could be expected for John’s less-than-savvy texting speed).
‘Hah!’ I barked, for had the accusation been less absurd, it might have been insulting. As it was, I merely rose from my chair by the fire. ‘You are losing your touch, old boy, if you cannot deduce better than that.’
‘I’m sorry, John,’ Sherlock said, after so long that John wondered if his mind had drifted and he had missed something.
He hadn’t expected any of this: not just the recent stint in the recovery unit, but this — everything. It was stupid to plan, stupid to think about all the years he’d gone to bed (sometimes alone and sometimes very much
, since the beginning: since the cabbie, since the pool, at Baskerville, at Bart’s, at every other fucked-up, upside-down Russian roulette fiasco they somehow found themselves facing, Sherlock believed in John. And yet Sherlock was afraid of losing him, just as much as John was afraid of losing Sherlock again — of driving him away.
‘The report’ (from his brother, he did not deign to say) ‘referred to purely personal security. Besides, Gruener is entirely too concerned with his public image as an aesthete and a notable social personality; he’d never sink so low as to have metal detectors going off when his guests arrive with diamonds.’
‘We’re not out of the woods yet,’ concluded the attending physician in the morning, clacking closed his chart and replacing it at the foot of the bed. He smiled. It was meant to be encouraging. ‘But I’d say, once he’s awake, the worst thing you have to worry about is him pulling those stitches before he can start physical therapy.’
, and the man was groaning at his feet, clutching various now-swelling aspects of his facial (and elsewhere) physiognomy; Sherlock's own lungs were straining as though suddenly perforated with a hundred bright-hot punctures, but he sprinted because he
Some time later, after he’d been to the loo, grabbed a flannel for himself and another for Sherlock, surreptitiously (and not a little giddily, despite trying to achieve some level of professional objectivity) checking Sherlock for any signs of damage, and wiped them down. Settling down on his back beside him, his fingers moved of their own accord, drawing faint crosses over Sherlock’s ribs, enjoying what, if he were in a writerly mood, he would let himself call the
‘It suggests that, whatever Gruener’s methods, many of his staff found them competitive to the point of cruelty. Confidence, arrogance, and ruthlessness: a master of his own fortune, in every sense.’
Sherlock happened to agree, though John was correct in considering the potential health hazards if she did not properly decontaminate her skin and nailbeds. (This did, however, confirm Sherlock’s near-certainty that Sgt. Challa lived alone.)
Blinking himself into conscious, he felt, as Sherlock continued to be jolted with aftershocks, that he was in danger of declaring all sorts of things.
‘Say, “cheese”!’ John tapped the screen which emitted a faux-shutter snap. ‘Well, that’s the Christmas photo sorted for the year. Check that off my to-do list.’
with John’s name (‘John H. Watson, M.D.’) along the fronts and spines in bright, clear gold. (An excellent colour choice for his name.)
(his tolerance was lower of late, but much as he might wish to deny it, he had a lifetime of practice, to say nothing of genes, as his baseline); nor, certainly, was he insensible either to the danger or to the siren call of vengeance upon a man he assuredly deemed ‘evil’.
?’ John revelled, face now breaking into all the lines and creases of its topography in the smile the spread across his entire face, beautiful in its earnestness, in its
(He was banned from many of the local libraries for not returning books in the state they preferred. It was hardly his fault the books he took out so often held
His breath returned incrementally to normal as sound and vision also reasserted themselves. Pushing fractionally upwards he rolled to the small space between Sherlock and the back of the couch. From under the cushion, Sherlock's hand produced one of the kitchen rags they had binned (he thought) years ago. Considering its history, he wasn't sure it qualified as 'clean', but he took it anyway.
‘Ah,’ said John behind him. (Basil, peppers, coriander, garlic, fried oil, basic sugars; petrol exhaust; body odour; expensive lemon-scented antibacterial floor cleaner and furniture polish; trade paperback. Sexually excited, hopeful. Late.)
Sherlock groaned and ducked his head into his hands, tousling his hair beneath his fingers since he couldn’t flounce out of the room entirely without significant energy loss. Which perhaps affirmed John’s nannyish, but evidently not incorrect, point.
‘We don’t need an immediate confrontation,’ Sherlock went on, unsure how to allay John’s fears (or, for that matter, what precisely they were). ‘We simply need to locate the necessary proof to take to my brother.’
told Sherlock they could not keep a bird) on the bend in the heavy brass lamp. She had been conversing happily with Sherlock almost incessantly, offering her strange strand of tangential, slightly surreal commentary whenever Sherlock voiced a deductive fragment aloud. Neither of them had spoken to or come near John since Mycroft had left.
‘Hello,’ John smiled, still leaning over the bench on one knee, evidently pleased with himself for surprising Sherlock.
‘I feel like the Bride of Frankenstein,’ Molly muttered breathlessly, uncomfortably shifting her weight from one (£217.50) black patent-leather Ferragamo court to the other.
‘And what if I make a mistake?’ she worried. ‘Autopsies, I’m fine – I’m quite good at my job, at medicine and… and dead people – but this? Even Helen-Louise –’
‘C’mon,’ murmured John, and retroactively Sherlock put two and two together: the pull of John’s hands (, the loss of his jacket,) and the shuffle of their footwork across the worn carpet over several previous minutes guiding him, dazed and drained, to the settee.
beautiful – had always been staggeringly beautiful, and as strange as John felt to saying such a thing about him, about any man, he realised with sudden clarity that that Sherlock, the aloof, untouchable, untouched just-a-mate downstairs: that person no longer existed for him. Here, in John’s arms, was the man he was mad for, the one he could and desperately wanted to dance with in the sitting room, to call pet names, to kiss on his way out the door, to crawl over and make giggle and gasp beneath him, to hear laughing across a crowded room and know that before the night was over he’d have heard about not only the joke and joker that made the great Sherlock Holmes break into his genuine, stupid, lovely deep bubbling giggle, but also every unspoken secret in the room, every peculiar fact about the canapés and folded serviettes, every construction detour on every street they’d taken on the cab ride home.
Unbidden his mind recalled a jumbled series of images of Sherlock’s taut neck against the artichoke-coloured leather sofa. His pink fingers in the warm water at the police station. His pale hand bumping John’s hand around his cock… John’s toes curled, and he switched the water to cold. Whatever he wanted (beyond what his body obviously wanted) should wait until they had both slept. And possibly addressed the situation.
She nodded fondly, then stifled a small cough, which unfortunately set off the bird into a full rheumatic fit.
sentimental, and the idea of pressing his thumbnail along Sherlock’s palm in slow, delicious furrows while his knee fell sideways to brush Sherlock’s knee and Sherlock’s breathing gave him away while John licked his lips, was –
She didn’t laugh, though of course, it wasn’t really a joke. ‘Perhaps you shouldn’t say that to Dr Watson?’ Challa paused. ‘You weren’t incredibly kind to him today.’
When he’d been in trekking through Asia (well, on the run, traversing an enormous zig-zag from Serbia that landed him, bruised and shaken, awaiting orders to attend a rendez-vous in Jakarta: but same difference) he’d found refuge temporarily in a Buddhist monastery in Tibet. Nestled into the rocky mountainside, the entire building complex had a stillness that smacked his ears with a hushed, dementing quiet, like nothing so much as the rehab facility he had despised with every fibre of his being ten years before. But the pledges of privacy, safety, and anonymity were too valuable to be refused for the simple matter of his own unfortunate memories. (More recent memories had at that moment been shrieking and hissing in his ears, overwhelming the old ones, analogous to how he imagined electric shock therapy fried whole constellations of neural pathways.)
Sherlock’s hand intruded dumbly and wrapped around his own, his fingers adding pressure to John’s and suddenly John’s rhythm became a punishing erratic pull of two, three strokes and then,
(‘It would be surprisingly easy to murder someone in a hospital,’ Sherlock had mentioned to several of the staff, eyes keenly tuned to their reactions. Several were shocked (please, as if it hadn’t occurred to them); three — including the draconian Nurse Glasher — gave him variations of laughter which suggested that, yes, it
‘Right. Well then.’ He needed to change, to get this suit back in the rental pouch before he found a way to ruin it, and then — he found himself yawning.
a miserable bugger, but, for god’s sake, John, he makes me look like flipping Joan of Arc!’ She laughed.
Chest heaving, Christopher was still caught in a grimace of pleasure as John rose and, stumbling, made the (happily) correct guess as to the washroom for a spit and rinse of his mouth. He didn’t fancy the stomachache on top of what already promised to be a walloping hangover. Which reminded him —
So the Hurdle of Proximity was, and ever had been, the biggest one for Sherlock, because few people had proved the adage better than he: that familiarity bred contempt. A small cadre of exceptions – Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, even quiet, awkward, resilient, impressive Molly Hooper – understood that, despite his usual distaste for being held, Sherlock up-close was an amazing sight to behold.
‘William Sherlock Scott Holmes,’ he interrupted, because he had spent such a long time ensuring that the fewest number of people in the
‘He… I never saw it. I tried once, and. Like I said, it didn’t make one bit of difference. And now little miss dim-witted twat thinks she knows better, just because she’s sitting pretty in her million-pound druggie flat —’
‘Ah,’ Sherlock clipped, looking up from his phone, ‘good. Burglary’s already been picked up by the online press, and one of the less worthless constables informs me that the Countess has already phoned to
, and Sherlock couldn’t help himself and said, ‘yes,’ again, affecting indifference, ‘yes, yes, I fear you must,’ and John’s grin as he kissed him was absurd, illuminated as if in victory, though Sherlock couldn’t think of any reason to congratulate him.
For a fraction of a second John froze, then looked at him. The lightning flash of hurt on his face made Sherlock reel with confusion: was that crumpled look in relation to Sherlock’s question, or Harry herself? He had advised John not to go to such a hollow gesture of an occasion (— they were the inverse of proverbial siblings, whose blood-ties were thinner than water; Harriet was entirely selfish, small-minded, loud and careless, incompetent, deluded, mercurial, ordinary: everything John was not. The wonder of genetics!). But now it occurred to him that perhaps the lunch had exceeded even his own expectations for distress and residual, guilty self-questioning.
‘Nightmare,’ Sherlock diagnosed without moving. John closed his eyes and focussed on Sherlock’s voice, his real voice, pushing the echo –
Like he still half-expected John to reveal a hidden joke at his expense, at the cruellest possible moment.
‘This isn’t all there is. We could…We could go to the Yard tomorrow. You would solve a dozen cold cases, for your website, for my book. Next week we could go to the pub and I could get you plastered on two and half pints of weak bitter, because you are
Lashes flickering minutely over rolled eyes in I-knew-that-git-couldn’t-manage-a-subterfuge resignation, John licked his lips.  (A tableau of gesture: a dumb-show that even Sherlock could interpret as vexation.)
It wasn’t good, not even a little bit good, that John thought such things — not ever — not even to himself. But once, not so long ago, Sherlock would have immediately accepted it: the idea of their bones, their hair, their remaining organs putrefying and crumbling after death into a single embrace of matter was simply the logical terminus of the completeness he felt every time he was near to John. It was wrong, he was sure, to want such a thing. Fortunately, it seemed John was just as bad as himself.
A long, long pause followed this question. In the pause he felt his heart pounding, not fast but almost surreally slow, beating the long, heavy seconds in which everything they struggled to say or resolve or confront about themselves and each other seemed to whisper like the ticking of the radiator.
’S’not my area, Mr. Holmes,’ Billy sniffed, dropped consonants left and right. Sherlock had given him a tenner. Billy had insisted upon handing him the latest edition.
The only thing more wonderful than Mycroft’s pale face as he exited 221b (no doubt in the direction of his dry cleaner) was John’s irrepressible laughter as it carried on long after he had gone.
‘Nobody’s home,’ said Christopher unnecessarily — John was drunk, he wasn’t an idiot — as he fumbled with the first of two sets of doors, scraping the key in the lock and nearly face-planting on the flagstone just inside the porch in haste and inebriation. The inner door was another problem as John pressed himself up against Christopher’s back (they were more or less of a height), hands already fumbling with his belt, and Christopher whined and let them
For the first time in over a week, the encumbrances upon his mind — tangled skeins of illogical thought swamping his Mind Palace, muddling information surrounding Mary, the case, his brother, himself — fell away, leaving him an hour to follow the pleasantly linear processes of his ongoing fingerprint/textile experiment.
Now, the staff at the hospital were professional, answering his questions but stopping short of friendly with him: a professional distance they had to maintain in case things went south. They didn’t ask him to leave, though, which John chalked up to the best the British government could do by way of apology.
Often times Sherlock knew that he was terrible at reading signals, at noticing what others needed, particularly when they felt they could express it indirectly with their (entirely mixed and unhelpful) body language. But John was direct, even in the midst of emotional turmoil in the dead of night. So Sherlock had stayed.
‘Go,’ Sherlock sighed, smirking just at the corners of his mouth, but pushing him playfully, and John smiled back, chest winging with hope, as he lumbered to his feet and off to bed.
forcing them into an awkward tussle in which his left shoulder got badly wrenched — he kicked backwards —
John really could have kissed the smug look of smugness off his smug stupid face, but was spared the pleasure by the lift doors springing open.
‘You have enough energy for one or the other,’ insists Molly, both her and his eyes boring into him, not unlike a gun (he thinks, though present circumstances are forcing him to rethink that simile), ‘so how are you going to find help?’
(Intriguing, but false. How did he account for his relationship — certainly sexual — with Mary Morstan, the woman Sherlock was not supposed to know existed, and the ring John had very nearly given her during that interval? Had he made the same declarations, the same promise, to her?)
of hot blood in his ears, the grunt Sherlock made, dropping down his head to hang on his neck like he was already overcome. John counted to ten before moving again.
, so that when he finally tripped that wire it felt like it a fifty-story controlled demolition, predictable yet earth-shattering as it wrung him out completely, loosing the farthest reaches of John’s body and setting him aloft like an arrow off a bow, harder and better than he had ever climaxed in his life.
about them could be normal. But that evening after dinner and two large glasses of wine, they’d kissed quietly on the bench in the kitchen, John murmuring apologies while creeping his fingers beneath Sherlock’s clothes and suggesting ways he could make it up to him. And when the next morning he’d found breathing strips stuck all over his body, he’d laughed and invited Sherlock to help him get them off under the warm spray of the shower.
John had bowed his head to nod, attempting to hide his tears. When eventually John's breathing had achieved a stable rate, Sherlock had moved to stand.
So he mounted the stairs, uncertain if he was more angry — he was angry so often recently — with Sherlock for lying about Mary (in some as-yet undefined way), disgusted with himself for very nearly picking up a woman in his lunch break like some philandering twat who was never satisfied (and, with a swoop of fear, he prayed that
‘Nothing like trying to explain the smell in your hair to someone who isn’t used to the hospital scent following you home.’
, Sherlock wanted to say, so that John wouldn’t have to admit it. He was aware of how often he made John unhappy — how even sitting here healing was painful to John. But John continued to say ‘we’ and ‘our’ and ‘us’, and Sherlock was too selfish to tell him to stop.
One step into the lobby and Sherlock grabbed him and shoved him behind (and nearly into) a potted palm tree.
‘Even in a disguise, I believe it would end… badly.’ (Most of his disguises required full mobility and lung capacity, neither of which he had entirely regained just yet, to say nothing of what John would say about allowing Sherlock to impersonate a character fully eight inches shorter. No: a disguise was, regrettably, not currently possible.
(Mycroft, extracting him from Serbia; all his muscles on fire, his own voice grown deeper with strain and foreign speech and the iron-clad promise to himself neither to scream nor to cry for mercy…)
‘Ah well. Too bad,’ she simpered. (There was no other word for it, for the way she smirked, coddled, and haughtily disapproved all at once.) ‘Still… can’t blame her, really. No one in their right mind would hang around
Sherlock smirked like a furry black cat that had jumped onto a white sofa. John wanted to stretch him bare across the table. He picked up the weekend insert instead.
Sherlock scowled at him, and John squared his own shoulders. Either Sherlock was about to strip to the waist and make either him or Molly confirm what John was saying, or he would disappear into the loo and contort himself into a knot in an attempt to do the argumentative equivalent of licking his elbow. If Sherlock thought John was going to back down from either scenario, he was sorely mistaken.
counted as ‘simple’.) Had John not witnessed first-hand Sherlock’s extraordinary physical impersonation skills, he would have refused to go along with it. As it was, he planned to take his Sig.
She brought the rest of herself into the room and pulled up a plastic seat. ‘Everything all right? And, by the way, I’ve been meaning to say: I like the long hair.’
‘I think she likes you,’ John said pleasantly, standing back to admire the view. He began patting his pockets exaggeratedly. ‘Now if only I had my camera…’
‘I...’ Sherlock's voice seems stuck around his tongue, reverberating through his ribcage. ‘I—she disobeyed me, because she knows that I am terrible with discipline, and she wanted to stroke the stupid cow, and she’s
And suddenly the glint in her eyes, the decision to come now, in person, not to shoot him right away, made perfect sense. An eye for an eye.
As he went to the draining board for clean plates, he peeked into the front room again. ‘Where’s Sherlock? Shower?’
Where did she learn to type, honestly? And she acted like she was his best mate — when was the last time they’d had a meal that hadn’t ended in gritted teeth and muttered goodbyes and a lot of necessary time effectively not speaking? Before Sherlock had jumped —
‘You have terrible taste,’ was the only thought that made it out of his mouth, choked thought it was.
Sorry I missed Friday (for those of you in applicable timezones): and see endnote about upcoming delays...
‘Mr. Holmes, we have been tracing Baron Gruener’s movements for nearly a decade.’ (Interesting: ‘we’, the government? the security services? Evidently Damery’s role was more active than garden party host.) ‘He is, as I’m sure you know, at this moment residing in this country. But we must not treat this issue as a
With a stab in his gut he suddenly wanted everything — ‘some’ was nowhere near enough, he didn’t know where he’d been drawing his restraint from, but it was well and truly gone now. He had felt shameful and ill at Harry’s words, not just because they were so unbelievably unfair from
to send John or Sherlock on jury service. Because this is what this fandom has done to my brain: colonized it).
‘Shh,’ John murmurs, setting the revolver down by his knee and crouching low (just like he had last night, comforting and close) to put a hand to caress Sherlock’s cheek. The rest of them are gone, Molly and Anderson and Mycroft and even the shadow of Redbeard. Good riddance. This is all he needs anyway. ‘Calm, love.
the work: yes, he loved being a doctor, was good at it and did good through it, but beyond that, he needed to maintain a life outside of the Holmes & Watson Detective Agency. And yet… and yet, some mornings, he nearly caved. This was one of those mornings. How incredible, how precious, to be able to shrug off his coat, fold himself into the space between Sherlock and the edge of the sofa, and (sleep still in his eyes) slip back into a doze, this time
— slowly touching every single centimetre of him until he couldn’t bear it, he wanted Sherlock come from that alone, shouting so loud they’d both get ASBOs, and then John would chin the judge just to punctuate their triumph.
‘Fuck,’ John muttered, as Sherlock shakily all but ripped John’s boring typical wonderful chequered shirt and even more boring, more contoured, more wonderful thin white vest
Was that a genuine question? Sherlock was standing here, making an effort to convince John, not because it was necessary: but deep down, John wanted to do this, as much as Sherlock did. And Sherlock wanted him with him (how could John be so obtuse as to believe otherwise). ‘Barring complications, that is very much
She sipped her tea diplomatically, but the more-than-usual amount of blinking she was doing and the choice of words were probably as close as she got to outright knob jokes.
Original epigraph for this chapter was a long-time favourite of mine: ‘[H]e used to think that he wanted to be good, he wanted to be kind, he wanted to be brave and wise, but it was all pretty difficult. He wanted to be loved, too, if he could fit it in." —F. Scott Fitzgerald,
, thought John selfishly, as Sherlock nipped instead at John’s abdomen in a way that went straight to his cock.
The hospital blanket was a shade of faded pink a bit like calamine lotion. Sherlock had got a burning skin rash just before he died by crawling through a suspect’s hedge searching for a paintbrush. He’d found it, eventually, of course, in a swath of nettles.
John was acting strangely, though, a little more solicitous about their coital plans for this evening.
He blinked a little thickly at the first new voice to speak to him in what felt like a century. A kind smirk met his gaze, on a friendly, carefully stubbled face, honey-brown eyes smiling brightly with mirth (or mischief) echoed by that mouth upturned at such a wry angle.
He got to the fold and risked a glance at Sherlock. His grey-blue-green eyes were scanning the city slide by with an expression of faint distaste, and his fingers were thumping a vigorous beat onto the leather cushion between them. Was he allowed to rest his hand there too? Sentimental, definitely, but he
‘Have fun!’ Flint cheeped sleepily, and John marvelled again at how clearly she understood their movements. She recited for about the millionth time the riff from Sherlock’s violin, the one that reminded him faintly of Harry’s favourite musical from their childhoods, Oliver!, but he didn’t know exactly why. ‘Pax vobiscum!’
‘I’ll try,’ he murmured, feeling desperate, though whether he wanted John to hear him or hoped that he hadn’t was unclear even in his own mind.
Neville St Clair was, he told himself as he chewed, nothing new. Money, Sherlock had said, and John supposed, what with the decline in many journalism jobs, and the two St Clair children probably growing out of their clothes every other month, he had only done what he thought was best. The mistake of faking his death had probably been just that: a mistake. And, John added to himself as he rinsed his plate of crumbs, wasn’t it better, in some ways, that it had all been a mistake? That he wasn’t, after all, dead?
Sherlock affected nonchalance but John must have seen — his eyesight, minutely declining though it was, was still sharp at only a hearth’s-width distance (good: he needed to keep his sight for the subterfuge in Gruener’s house) — the tic of annoyance that quirked Sherlock’s face, and —
‘Y’know, the words are agreeing, and yet somehow when you say it, it sounds more like “yes, dear” than actual agreement.’
But John was still looking at him almost entreatingly, and Sherlock couldn’t deny that he understood, down to his smallest biological units, how desperately he would resist letting John go into that man’s house on his own.
After a few minutes, Sherlock made a familiar sound of impatience in the back of his throat, furiously typing on his laptop while scrunched — not curled, as he normally would, but evidently couldn’t without pain — into his chair before the sputtering fire.
‘— you can fuck right off, we’re not talking about her eligibility for best Princess Di impression, we’re talking about the fact that she knows a hell of a lot more than Gruener would like, and she’s lucky she isn’t dead for it!’
‘Aren’t you supposed to bring this to Bradstreet?’ John asked her bluntly. ‘You’re a police officer.’ (It was an impulsive question, no doubt sprung from his frustration at – but, Sherlock shook his head, no, he could not allow himself to be side-tracked again.)
in his ears, listening to Sherlock describe the warped, broken, inherited and utterly individual shitshow that was John Watson, addicted to adrenaline and violence, apparently — (god, the number of people he’d thought about punching just today) — a junkie waiting to break free, just like Sherlock was a junkie, deep down… what a fucking pair.
because Sherlock had been able to ignore the ghastly sounds of their bodily fluids, the cars and pedestrians on Baker Street, the blare of terrible morning chat shows bleeding up through their floorboards; but his wandering thoughts included other sexual situations they could undertake at a later date (other acts they could try, things Sherlock had tried and disliked immensely, but that he would try again without hesitation if John asked), had pictured other people with whom he had performed this act in the past, something he was given to understand was tantamount to infidelity.
John allowed the silence to drag on a bit in the hopes that Sherlock would hear himself. When this was unsuccessful, he bit back a tart reply (it wasn’t the people, including quite a few decent people, at the pub so much as gesture of drinking in
1. Virginia Woolf described one of her periods of depression and insanity as feeling like she could hear the birds singing in Greek. (She then wrote this into Septimus's PTSD in
‘I do, as a matter of fact. One of the women in our Bird Club – that is, Susan’s bird research pool – a Mrs. Oakshott, raises them and then sells them through licensed pet-store owners. I believe she lives on Brixton Street, or somewhere in that vicinity.’
‘You won’t be being me. You’ll be being yourself.’ His mouth swerved and he gave the half-smile he saved for moments he deemed he should aim for ‘reassuring’. ‘Well, yourself as a society misanthrope with a pornography addiction.’
‘All right?’ John inquired, looking at the wet asphalt beneath their feet, his voice too low to be heard by the old man smoking in a doorframe as they walked past.
‘John, I have known many people in this world, but made few friends, and I can safely say you are the bravest, and kindest, and wisest human being I have ever known.’
John had said, causing a shudder under Sherlock’s skin exactly beneath where his fingers had been tracing Sherlock’s ribs –
‘“… a book ornamented with pictures that are suitable for that, and that only, may become a work of art second to none, save a fine building duly decorated, or a fine piece of literature.
‘Fat lot of good it did anybody,’ she scoffed. ‘Knew me on sight. Said she didn’t want to hear my “slander” and shut the door in my face. Spent an hour outside shouting through the door, just in case she could hear — or maybe one of her posh neighbours — but of course when the police showed up, all they wanted was to get me the hell away from there. Didn’t seem very interested in anything I had to say.’
occasions! Because I insult your friends and have ruined your birthday dinner without even attending. Because my brain moves faster than yours and I cannot and will not pretend otherwise. Because I have black moods and destroy things and despise the entire world when that happens, even you, and I can’t just
Typical, that the maddest, most gut-wrenching part of his day came not during what anyone else might think of as an ‘emergency’: Sherlock could get up to more than enough trouble for the both of them without even leaving the flat. John was angry, yes, but Sherlock was
‘Like I say, Mr. Holmes, it’s Maureen you want. She’ll be able to help ya. This guy, though, he isn’t… well, he ain’t intelligent.’
waiter (or the Scotswoman yesterday, Christ, what was wrong with him) like he was some randy bugger, no better than the paedo Austrian bastard he was scheduled to be spying on in only a few hours’ time.
Here, he’d thought to himself, was a clear fork in the road. Black moods were par for the course when living with Sherlock Holmes; this was not news to him. But equally he had learned that at critical moments, Sherlock
That wonderful birthmark, just at the very bottom of Sherlock’s cervical/top of his thoracic vertebrae, sang in contrast to the unnatural healing miracle of Sherlock’s body: this piece of his skin had been there from the start. John kissed it next, letting his lips linger there reverently, never mind how cliché it was, or if Sherlock was itching for him to get on with it. His brow dragged down and remained there, catching his breath, soaking up the telltale scent of sweat meeting sweat. His eyelashes fluttered enough to make Sherlock shiver again.
‘Oh, lord,’ John went on, chuckling, as he rose (releasing Sherlock’s fingers at last) and marched towards the stairs, ‘if she opens a delivery of ten different flavours of condom, you’re doing your own explaining.’
So he stayed, hating Neville St Clair for wedging into what he had been working tirelessly for four months (and before that, two years, and before that, a lifetime) to build between them.
‘Who’s a lovely bird,’ the parrot squawked, ‘pretty girl! Pretty girl!’ with such a perfect West Country accent that Sherlock could almost have told what parish she was from – if she had been human. ‘PA-PA-PA-PA-PAPAGENO, PA-PA-PA-PA-PAPAGENO!’ she shrieked, in a new, confident soprano, bobbing her head and shuffling along her perch. Fascinating.
’), since they’d first sat opposite each other at Baker Street. Or at least the residual oxytocin from this morning, triggered by the reappearance of the affiliated object, made him think he had.)
He had, a little accidentally, said the big one — the three words he had said to Mary, to Hanna in Kabul and to Janet from uni (on holiday in Egypt), even to Marianne, his first — and meant it more this time, in the hazy early sunlight of a September morning, with a man who had broken his heart for almost 800 days, and who drove him mad on an hourly basis, than he had even known it was possible to do.
of plastic food bags adhering to each other, earned a groan from the living room even before he had reached the door.
It was hardly steam-wallpaper-off-the-walls suggestive, but — well, if John didn’t pick up on it, no matter; it was a legible sentence without the (intended) innuendo.
When, about half past four, he found himself jerked back to wakefulness, he became aware, with sharp clarity, of his full bladder at the same moment as realising he had fallen into a doze. He stood slowly, muscles seized, cold-stiff. His joints popped. The loo was just across the corridor.
At this John did peek one eye open. Sherlock was regarding him innocently, eyebrow raised. John closed his eyes again. ‘Wake me at seven.’
all day — thrill on it, the dangerous way the other half lives, no feather pillows or fancy cars or wigs and collars.’ She scratched at the wiry hair on her chin. ‘Not so thrilling when they’re messing with people that’s bigger and meaner than them.’
(1943). It's really actually very good -- a good case, good comedy... a good film. Much nationalism, though, because um #1943 so mind your heads there. And yes, those who've seen Series 4, that reference is as close as I'm getting to Eurus. But this chapter tried to knit together ACD, Rathbone, S4, the Bert Coules radio ep, and a few bits and bobs, so no wonder it's so hectic.
Now, though, a full REM cycle and the escalating temperature under the duvet was making him feel almost dull witted. ’Mmm.’
He nodded. And John looked at him… Sherlock felt slightly raw, as if John had only just glimpsed, in the space of this one conversation, the simple fact of Sherlock’s painfully obvious devotion.
The man turned slowly like a serpent, glaring with icy fervour. ‘Did you know the agent Le Brun, of Paris?’
thought about lots of things, largely within the realm of fantasy: how many buttons down from Sherlock’s collar he could persuade him to leave open at their next crime scene (a test of his own will-power as much as anything); and lately, about if Sherlock had ever been with a woman (if he’d been with Irene; though when John had wanked angrily to the idea, he found himself picturing one of Mary’s friends, Janine, whose dark-creamy-olive skin and dark-silken hair and amazing dark-against-light breasts would look mind-blowing while Sherlock fucked her, first with his long gorgeous fingers and then his indecently talented mouth until she came while John fucked Sherlock from behind, shoving him forward and his tongue deeper into her until he whined and came at the same moment as John, choking John’s name…).
for him. He wasn’t going to be alone. Sherlock wasn’t going to be alone. They were going to get up, every single god damned day for the rest of their lives, and the day wouldn’t begin until they’d touched, brushed hands or noses or lips or toes, or murmured, ‘
‘The world explained to me by a man,’ she levelled, turning to him again, voice and glance – reassuringly – stabilised by pique. ‘I wonder how I’ll imagine
, isn’t that just bloody sodding typical. I thought everyone was mental to say that stuff about you two but hey! Why did I expect any different? You
), the other thumbing up along the dip where Sherlock’s neck met his shoulder, the spot that now as ever made Sherlock jerk forward shudderingly as his nose dipped behind John’s left ear. John smirked and tipped him back with long draughts of kisses, losing himself in it.
‘What’s the worst that could happen?’ John asked dryly, in an undertone as he handed Molly into her coat (Helen von Furstenberg, several seasons old, gently worn – a familiar item, the sort that would suggest to Gruener, if he knew anything about it at all (unlikely) that ‘Dr Barton’ had not stumbled into money in the last few hours, but at least over the last decade).
‘No rubber duckies, I’m afraid,’ she chimed brightly, and John caught her eye in amusement. Sherlock grabbed the towel and turned to the red plastic bucket where the constable had plopped it heavily. He looked like a man on his way to an Aston Martin car wash.
even so, first step was to cleanse and remove it, and he suspected Suze was too deeply in shock to tell them what acid she had prepared, even if she’d wanted to.
— the man behind him, the beefsteak (former soldier) who’d held him breathlessly, in ordinary working clothes — scattered, not after the woman, through what was now only a lazy aperture in the gate but, heavy-footed, in the opposite direction through the alley towards the parallel street, in the same direction as —
‘The impact isn’t spread over a wide area. It’s tightly focussed, so there’s little or no energy transfer,’ Molly reasons. ‘You’re falling because you were pushed, not because of your injury.’
She laughed, a perfect gambol of notes that would have aroused no suspicion, not even merited a glimpse, despite the thrumming quiet of the deserted, midday street.
‘You frequently invoke Mrs. Hudson whenever you wish to disapprove of something I’ve contributed to the flat.’
, whatever the (un)likelihood of his having done so. ‘I’m here, and you’re here, and we are just in time to put a stop to Gruener’s… depravity! Surely those are the only facts of importance?’
to keep them separate: need to hear Miss de Merville’s logic, if one may be so loose with the word, as she states it, and at the same time to know what Gruener believes to be at stake. It’s even possible that he’ll start throwing people under the bus at the mere hint of an investigation.’
Sherlock sat in his usual wooden chair. ‘We need to ascertain if Henry Baker is involved in the theft of the carbuncle.’
, said a voice uncomfortably like Harry’s.) Either way, it was nobody’s business what they did in bed, in the kitchen, on the cases, on the bloody
was too much. There were too many obstacles, even when there was nothing and no one in between them. Sherlock brought home severed heads and noisy tropical birds and his own black moods when his trains of thought screeched and careered out of control. John didn’t want a parrot, any more than he wanted the severed head, or the melancholy – it was part of the evidence of Sherlock’s messes. Sherlock vividly remembered the malty scent of John’s sweat beneath his arms and the soft-wiry fuzz of his pubic hair, John’s smile fading from his face against his pillow in the darkness as Sherlock watched him fall asleep… but he was adrift attempting to gauge if and how much John wanted more from him.
shut downstairs, he pivoted, with more than usual carefulness, to look at John, who was, as expected, scowling.
‘Come back to mine,’ Christopher murmured, leaning close as someone behind him was forking over some notes to the barman. ‘I want to see if I can make you beg.’
had, in falling down on a knife, also fallen in his primary post. His legs felt like there were insects crawling just under the surface; his chest set aflame every time he took too deep a breath.
There it was — well, at least as much of it as he was willing to tell his blog-reading (and, maybe, soon-to-be wider) audience. He grinned.
After a moment though he turned to find Christopher, still half-inside the cab, looking up unsteadily at him, face twisted in a muddle of alcohol-impaired poor recall and embarrassment.
The sudden lurch off the kerb shocked him. The sudden heavy slosh as his socks and trouser-hems soaked by the splash of the puddle he had landed in — not so shocking, in retrospect.
‘So. Stick to the plan.’ John’s mouth was out of the frame of his reflection. Sherlock knew what it looked like, but didn’t dare turn around to see all of him again before… before they went into the house. ‘If it doesn’t go well, we storm out, we get in the car, and you drive us back. Got it?’
‘Didn’t Stamford just have his birthday? Are you entirely certain he isn’t taking advantage of your offer to treat his friends?’
A hand on his shoulder made him start. Turning around, he found the young detective sergeant – Priya Challa, first year in her current position, so not one of those at all affected by his… absence; about to get engaged; sculpted hideous abstracts in her spare time – smiling serenely at him.
Sherlock went to go fetch his thick coat (though why he bothered, in this weather, John felt sure was almost entirely down to stubbornness).
After the first few tabloid stories broke, John started sending the flowers to other rooms — the NICU, some of the long-term physical therapy patients, the oncology wing, and of course the nurses who were on their floor (an apology as much as a gift). He didn’t read the cards, just stuck them in a drawer for Sherlock to look at later.
Eventually, Sherlock re-emerged from his simultaneous contemplations of the books in the bedroom and the related matter of John’s dog mania, to find John shrugging on a light summer jacket. (Added: the cologne, now almost entirely used, that Sherlock had bought him roughly a year — Oh.)
I took some liberties, both with parrot anatomy (which I only - ahem - stretched) and with sugar content. Forgive me.
, so familiar Sherlock’s mouth filled eagerly with more saliva as his groin gave a swoop of pleasure so sudden he felt momentarily sick.
