Phil half stood from his chair, taking the folder away from him.  “No,” he said, and it came out a bit harsher than he’d intended.  He dropped back into his seat, slapping the folder down in the middle of his blotter.
Dummy’s head popped up on the other side of the workbench.  Tony leaned a hand on the top of the bench.  “What are you doing?”
Peter grinned at her.  “Yes, ma’am,” he said.  “Promise.  I’ll go straight to DJ’s room and stay there, or come right back with him.”
Steve barely got the word out before her hand came up, staving him off.  “He can answer for himself, Captain Rogers, and I think it’s best that he does.”
Steve made a sound kind of like a laugh.  “Listen, mister, I do what I need to do to get the job done.”
DJ took a long sip of his juice.  “Stark-Rogers,” he said at last.  “Technically.  But biologically?” He shrugged.  “Stark.”
“Oh, yes,” Sue said, trying not to smile.  “My kids would just hate that.  A robot.  That would be just...”  She shook her head.  “That would be horrible.”
“And I’m sure that he wanted you to think that,” she agreed.  She crouched down, her blunt fingernails tapping against a curl of copper tubing.  She made a considering sound under her breath. “I told him this would go badly.”
He exhaled, a long, drawn out sigh.  “Right.  That’s all I have to say, so-”  He stopped.  “Wait.  No.  One other thing.  Diners.” He stabbed a finger at the camera.  “Diners of New York.  If I hear one more person complaining about the cost of Chinese food in this city, or Mexican food, I’m gonna have to start beatdowns.
“Never a good idea.”  He took the book out of Rhodey’s hands, ignoring his objections.  “See if he swims.”
Steve sat.  “Your Majesty-” he started, as Shuri and T’Challa pulled up seats next to him.  Behind them, neither Bucky nor Sam moved away from their positions on either side of the door.
“You seem to have this pretty well in hand,” he said, even as he banked in a wide loop around her, firing the repulsors in short, controlled bursts.  The techno-cult that had been trying to build a bomb in the middle of Manhattan scrambled in all directions, screaming as they went.  “There.  I helped.”
"I paid for this suit, so I don't have to give anyone free advertising, thank you,” she said without missing a beat.  “I can tell you, however, that I am sporting the newest StarkWatch.”
"Oh, great, you want to talk about love lives?" Steve tossed his bag at the bench with a bit more force than was strictly necessary.  It skimmed off the top of the well-worn wood and slammed into the wall of lockers with a bang.  Steve sucked in a breath, and let it out, trying to get himself under control.  "Fantastic.  How's yours going?"
“Ready?” Sam asked Steve.  He didn't wait for Steve to reply.  “Good!  Great!”  He clapped his hands together.  “Let's go!”
"Yes, I got that.  I just don't..."  Steve shook his head.  "Right.  First thing's first."  He pulled up the camera on his phone and took a shot.  Sam would pay him good money for that one.  "Bucky, go home."
“Right.  Can we stop focusing on things we should have and could have done?” Pepper said, one hand propped on her hip.  Her gaze snapped from Tony to Rhodey and back. “And instead, start focusing on the things that we need to do?”
Jan's eyes closed.  “Wonderful.  Let's put that in the 'we're not doing that ever' column,” she said.
One of Logan's shoulders rose in a half shrug.  “Next time, don't start the party without us.”  He leaned forward.  “She okay?”
Tony studied him.  The knockoff Iron Man costume didn’t fit quite right, a little too short for his arms, leaving his wrists bare, and the fabric bunched around his knees, the plastic plates jostling against each other as he shifted in his seat.  With the coffee cup clutched against his chest and a day’s growth of beard on his jaw, he looked exhausted and more than a little hungover.
“Don’t go down beneath the hill,” she said, a faint hint of an Irish brogue curling the edges of the words.  She pushed herself upright, reaching for a bottle up on the shelf above her head.  “But if you must, carry cold iron against your breast, and hold tight, hold tight, hold tight.”
“Us?” Tony echoed.  “Peter.  There’s no ‘us,’ you’re too young to sign adoption papers, and I’m too old to think that’s at all a good idea, so there is no us, there’s just-”
Tony rolled the ring between his fingers, savoring the perfect balance and weight of it.  He wanted it.  He knew it was stupid, it was beyond stupid, but he wanted it.  His fingers closed over the ring.  “Jarvis, can you get Steve to-”
Steve looked from one invoice to another.  “It’s…  I don’t see that on any of these,” he admitted, reaching for another from the stack.  “Or maybe Praline Patisserie.”  He looked up at them.  “Is it good?”
“So we get to the kitchen, and Jarvis beat us there somehow, and none of this appeared to bother him, like intruders were force marched through the house at gunpoint all the time.”  Clint paused in the act of pouring Steve another cup of coffee.  “In retrospect, that might be the case.”
“Wouldn't that be a refreshing change?” His eyebrows arched, and she caught herself smiling. “No one ever asked me, Ellen. And I never volunteered the information. What you did? Was save me from having to make up a press release, and I understand why you're conflicted about it, but...” He nodded. “I'm grateful to you.”
The head came up, and turned, and Harris peered over the back of the couch at him.  “Deej?”  He shifted, trying to look back without craning his neck, but stopped short.  “Sorry, no.   It’s just me.”
"Oh, fuck."  It burst out of him, a little too loud, a little too sharp, and in the silence that followed, he let his head fall forward.  "Oh, my fucking God."
Tony stared after him, a faint sense of unease settling low in the pit of his stomach.  He stabbed a finger against the screen, closing the video.  Next to him, Steve shifted his weight, drawing Tony's attention.  “What was that all about?” he asked, his voice low.
Tony's head came up.  "Wait."  He surged to his feet, fast enough to knock his chair over.  It clattered across the slate of the patio, making Pepper jump.  Tony didn't seem to notice.  "Where is the child?"
“Thank you, I know it’s hard for you.  I appreciate that you try,” Mrs. Parker said, holding out a slice of apple to him.  She gave another slice to Steve.  “I bet if you ask very nicely, Officer Rogers’ll help you clean this up.”
“And in the morning, I sat Peter down, and I told him.  This is what we’d be doing.  And I was sorry.  I would make it as short as I possibly could, I would get him out as quickly as I could.  But for as long as we were there, where ever they put us, whatever they expected of us, he had one rule.”
“How long?” Steve parroted back, but Tony’s fingers cupped his jaw tipping his head up, and his mind went blank.
Tony shifted, his hand flexing under Steve’s.  Before Steve could pull away, Tony’s fingers tangled with his.  In the low light, Steve saw his smile stretch, warm and sweet.  “Too early,” he mumbled, his voice rough.  “Go back to sleep, Steve.”
“Neither was I.  That’s why I drank,” Tony said, saluting him with the coffee cup.  He reached for DJ’s Dunkies cup, and stopped halfway there.  He looked at DJ.  “Do you...  Drink coffee?”
The lights flared and he blinked hard, trying to clear his vision.  Squinting against the sudden glare, he found himself in a narrow stone stairwell that ended at a door just ahead of him.  In just a few steps, he reached the door, pushing it open with one cautious hand.
Strange winced.  “Would you?” he asked.  “Best to present their entirely unharmed child before telling the story.”
The boy thought about that.  “They both think the other one will change his mind,” he said.  His head tipped to the side, the hood shifting lower over his eyes.  He reached up, pushing it out of his eyes.  “And they don’t want to risk it.”
She smiled at him.  “That one was Tony's design,” she said, nodding towards his holster.  “I'm sure he'd be glad to know it's served you well.”
Ellen stared at nothing in particular.  “You're telling me that Captain America and Iron Man flew to a foreign country and got married.  To-”  She clutched her forehead, and wondered if this was how God was punishing her for drinking too much, for getting too wrapped up in the story she was supposed to be covering.  “To EACH OTHER.”
“If you think I’m getting between you and her right now, you’re out of your mind,” Rhodey said.  “I’m your chief designer, not your bodyguard.”
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, it-”  He swallowed, and looked up, and there were tears in his eyes.  “Yes.  This is perfect.”
DJ opened his mouth, prepared to say yes.  The word died on his tongue.  “Tired,” he said, and that was a little more honest.  Still not the right word.  Still not the truth.  But a little more honest.  His spoon scraped the bottom of his bowl and he looked down to find that it was empty.  Relieved, he let the spoon slip from his fingers.  He’d eaten it, that should count for something.
“There's a small fountain under the stairs,” Tony said, striding out of the room.  Rogers was right behind him.  Tony glanced at him.  “The main staircase, the big one in the grand hall.  There's a little fountain installed in the space underneath it.  You can't see it from the main part of the room, but there's-”
Obie stared down at his empty hand.  “Is there anything else you need?” he asked with a wry twist of his lips.  “My shoes, perhaps? Half my lunch?”
Steve let out his breath in something approaching a laugh.  “I’m not much of a fan myself, right now,” he said, his voice raw, and Tony reached back over his shoulder, cupping his cheek in one hand.  Steve turned towards his hand.  “How’re we doing?”
“Buuuuuut,” she said, drawing the word out, “my brother is a soft touch, and he puts his foot down.  We brought him here, it was nothing of the stranger’s doing, and that meant we were responsible for him.  There would be no tossing him into a boat, shoving him down the river and wishing him well.”  She looked at Steve, her teeth flashing in a smile.  “That was another plan.”
“You're going to be using some different muscles,” Jan said, patting him lightly on the chest.  “Let's go.”
“Okay,” Steve said, and it was clear neither of them was paying the least bit of attention to him. “Um, this is really-”
Shuri made a rude noise and dug her spoon into her stew.  “Horrible,” she muttered.  “These people are mad.  Everything is cooked to death, or sealed in aspic.” Her nose wrinkled up.  “Who does these things?  Why would they do all this, all this work, to make something that tastes so bad?”
“A little bit, yeah.” The agent guided him into a pew as another one started unrolling yellow caution tape.
A shoe hit the floor, and another, solid thunks against the wooden floor, and Tony was preoccupied with getting Steve’s pants off.  Steve’s hands slid up under Tony’s shirt, his fingers spread wide against his skin, and Tony caught his wrist.  “Leave it,” he mumbled against Steve’s mouth.  “Just.  Pants.”
Steve exhaled.  “I wasn’t-” he started, and Tony’s fingers paused, numbers cascading past his palms, the whole thing in freefall in an instant.  “It wasn’t deliberate.”
Tony glanced up, struggling to make his eyes focus.  “Seems prudent,” he said, trying for a smile as Obie slipped into his office, closing his door behind him.  “Did Pepper-”
DJ nodded again, slow and careful.  “Yes,” he said, rolling it back and forth on his palm.  His eyes flicked up.  “Keep it?”
Tony made a face.  “And we’re going to stop talking about this now, because he’ll know somehow and holiday breakups are just the worst.”
"Elisabeth Kubler-Ross wrote the groundbreaking book 'On Death and Dying,' where she outlines the five primary stages of grief," Steve said, because he liked being helpful, and he also got far more pleasure out of watching Tony and Sam bicker than was probably healthy.
“I don’t-” Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “I don’t know.  Why does anyone expect me to know?”  He glared at Jarvis over the screen of his fingers.  “Why do you expect me to know?  You, more than anyone else, know that I haven’t a clue what I’m doing from minute to minute, so why do you possibly expect me to have a plan?”
“Not-”  Tony's mouth worked.  “I don't think that Steve's cheating on me or-  I don't think Sam's making a play for him, it's not like that, I just-”  He stopped.  “Why does he get an invitation and I don't?”  He sounded petulant, even to his own ears, so he added, “I'm not jealous.”
Steve picked up his coffee.  “No, you don’t,” he said, pushing DJ’s hair back.  “You don’t need to buy anything, Deej.  No one expects you to do that.   You could make a macaroni necklace, and your dad would be happy.”
“Bless you.”  Tony took a cautious sip, knowing better than to trust coffee straight from the pot.  It burned his lips, his tongue, and all the way down his throat, and he exhaled, savoring the heat.  He gave the tray a suspicious look.  “You’re going to put it on my desk, aren’t you?”
Tony’s hand dropped back to his side.  “All right, it’s not fine, but what else am I supposed to say?” he asked.  And that came out sharper than he intended.  Pepper just arched an eyebrow at him, and he took a deep breath.  “It’s not fine.  But it’s…”  His mouth worked.  “I’ll handle it.”
DJ rocked a bit forward, his fingers digging into the fabric of his pants.  “Hi,” he said, the word a bare whisper of sound.  His big eyes blinked, studying Steve with his usual concentration.  “Dad?”
Steve looked over at Tony, who was doing his best to ignore them both.  But he was clearly awake, his fingers flexing against his pillow.  Steve smiled down at him.  “Come on, Sleeping Beauty,” he said, affection and love curling through him like a physical warmth.  “Duty calls.”
Tony's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling. “Steven Grant Rogers, pick up this phone,” he said, which was ridiculous, Steve couldn't hear him. Tony didn't feel like being rational, though. “Or call me when you get this. As SOON as you get this.”
Tony picked up the book on top.  “Didn't I give you an e-reader?” he asked, holding up the massive hardcover.  “They're...  More portable.”
“I feel like my talents are unappreciated here,” Happy said, his hands on his hips.  “I got talents, you all gotta know that.”
Steve’s fingers tightened, his grip almost painful for a second. He took a deep breath and let it out, careful and even.  “I know.  Phil told me.”
“Right,” Steve said. He looked at Tony. “I'll wait until Pepper and Rhodey are back, then I'll go find him.”
She stood, setting her pen down on the table, her manicured fingertips resting there for a moment.  “But there are large swaths of this country, let alone the world, where the rights and privileges of same sex couples and queer people in general are still very much in flux.  And there are still quite a few people who will seize on anything and everything that weakens the standing of a group who are still very, very vulnerable.”
“I looked Stark dead in the eye and said-” Clint straightened up, and pressed his fingers to his chest in a theatrical gesture.  “‘Oui.’”
“Of course.  The patrons are confused by the lack of food options at my curb,” Tony said.  “It's a scandal.”  Another creak as he leaned back in his chair.  “You're already dressed.  That's disappointing.”
DJ looked at Tony.  “I don’t want eggs,” Tony said with a smile. He didn’t have much of an appetite this morning.  Or any morning lately.  To Jarvis, he said,  “Just toast for me.”
“So, what do you suggest?” Steve asked, and he was proud of himself.  His voice was steady and almost calm.  “That I leave the force to them?” He laughed, and it sounded broken.  “There are people who depend on me, Tony.”
Morrison leaned forward, a finger stabbing at the air between them. "People like me are why America is the greatest nation on earth, Captain. If it were up to people like you, we'd all be sitting around, trying to make sure everyone feels good before we bother making any progress."
Tony unfastened the neck of his undersuit, and whatever he had been trying to say turned to dust in Steve’s mouth.  “I know I have a reputation, but I can only strip so fast, Cap,” Tony said, and Steve knew those words were going to haunt him for a very long time.
“I understand this isn’t ideal, based on the circumstances, but I want it known, I didn’t seduce him, he seduced me.”
“I think it’s A Christmas Carol,” Tony said, as Sam strode into the kitchen.  “Late as always, Wilson.”
Steve looked out the front window of the truck as a slight, graceful woman with a shock of platinum white hair tumbling over her forehead.  It was shaved close on the sides and teased up on top, leaving her multitude of earrings on each ear on full view.  She was wearing a short black skirt with a lopsided hem covered in glittering stars, and a loose fitting silver and gold tank top.  Half a dozen multicolored scarves were wrapped around her neck and shoulders, floating behind her like smoke as she walked.
The inn was a small, unremarkable stone and wooden building  set just off the road, clinging to the edge of the forest.  It looked like it had once been more important than it was now, but still, it was well lit and well tended, with a broad yard in front for parking vehicles and a stable for the horses.
“We could get into who tells who what,” Val agreed, folding her arms on the workbench, her eyelashes fluttering.  “Or we could just agree that everyone that keeps their mouth shut get extra dessert.”
Tony took a deep breath, and let it out, his fingers stroking Steve's hair.  “Well, aren't you lucky?” he said.  “You're going to be okay, Steve.  Just get some rest.” Steve's shoulders twitched, and Tony drew the blankets up to cover him, as best as he could manage without moving him.  “You'll feel better in the morning.”
“I suspected.  They don’t tolerate thieves.”  Tony’s head tipped to the side.  “I’m going to say something to you, that someone said to me, not that long ago.”  He stood, the wine glass cradled in his hand.  “You think you’re the only one fighting this battle?  Officer Rogers, you’ve become a part of a bigger universe.”  He saluted Steve with the glass.  “You just don’t know it yet.”
DJ smiled at him.  “Yes.  You have.”  The elevator dinged.  “But it's nice.  That you do.”  He sucked in a breath as the door opened.  “How late?”
Tony paused, his fingers just brushing up against a chess piece.  “Does it count as a spectacle if  no one actually sees it?” he asked, his tone flippant.  He scooped up the black king, tossing it back on the table before chasing down a few pawns.  “It would seem to me that I need an audience to properly make a spectacle of myself.”
DJ's eyes flicked towards Steve, and Tony decided not to take that personally.  "It was a little more than a trip," Steve said, with an easy smile.  "So he gets to choose what kind of pizza we have tonight-"
Sam rewrapped the loaf of bread.  “I’ll-” he started, but Bucky was already striding past him, snagging his water flask as he went by.  Sam watched him go, an eyebrow arched.  “Or, Bucky’ll go with you.”
“Be real, Reg, they'd be staked out in front of the new hot club in town, waiting for the newest hot mess celebrity to drown their holiday sorrows in overpriced liquor,” Tony said, eyeing the door.  “If I'm not through in five minutes, come out and tase someone, okay?”
Tony’s jaw flexed.  “He’ll be home-”  He stopped. “He’ll be back soon,” he amended.  “He had to stay behind and deal with the man who tried to hurt us.”  DJ blinked at him, his face unreadable, and Tony tried to smile.  “But he’ll be back soon.  He knows you’re here.  And he’ll worry.”
“He’s not letting this go, is he?” Drew stepped into line behind them.  Harris looked down at his tray.  Drew’s container of ‘salad’ appeared to be roughly two lettuce leaves and a cherry tomato, buried under a pile of croutons, chopped walnuts, crumbled bacon and a significant amount of blue cheese dressing.  Harris looked at Drew, who grinned, unrepentant.  “You are a truly curious specimen, Harris, and your life is one bizzare circumstance after another.  The sooner you come to terms with this, the better off you’ll be.”  He stole one of Harris’ fries. “And why are we suddenly focused on this?”
She patted him on the knee.  “You’re just fine, Steve.”  Her head tipped back.  “We all here?”  A chorus of affirmative answers echoed around the room, and she waved a hand in the air.  “Roll it, Jarvis!”
For a moment, she was silent, her face an unreadable mask.  “It wasn’t as satisfying as I had hoped,” she said, and Steve nodded again, a little slower this time.
“I wasn't even here,” Stark told her, his hands spread wide.  “And despite what you might think, Janet, things happen that have nothing at all to do with you.”
“Either way, they’ve got a horn player they want you to consider for the lineup,” Natasha said.  “But you’re not going to take their recommendation.”
Tony rubbed his forehead.  “No,” he called, but Darcy slid into sight at the end of the row, holding a box over her head.
“Buddy, you have no idea.”  Clint wandered back over, flipping a Sharpie end over end before catching it again.  He passed by Stark, one hand coming out to pat him on the chest.  “I contain multitudes.”
“Boston, maybe.  Or out west.”  Steve’s shoulders felt tight, and he shifted his weight, trying to relax.  “Once we were somewhere new, it’d be easy enough to convince people that he was my half-brother.  You tell people your parents are dead, and most of them don’t ask more questions.”  The wind kicked up, rattling the leaves in the trees, and tugging at Steve’s clothes.  “And chances are, no one would’ve missed either of us.”
Sam sucked in a breath.  “Okay, so if we don’t go back to the movie, things are just going to get worse, so we’re going back there, but we need to talk about this.”
Bucky took a deep breath, his shoulders squaring, his brow furrowing, and Steve’s head fell back.  “Don’t do this,” he said.  “James Barnes.  Don’t-”
“And none of them involve this kind of fancy footwork,” Clint said, giving him a firm shove between his shoulder blades.  “Try it again.”
“And…  They sent this via email?”  The cat was purring, and Harris rubbed its cheek.  “They…  Don’t know who you are, do they?”  DJ shook his head.  “Do they know you’re a teenager?”
Steve stared at her.  “Right,” he said.  Right.  Of course Tony had been in love with Rhodey.  They'd always been close, as long as Steve had known Tony, Rhodey and Pepper were the two people he trusted, the two who were always there, the two that knew everything, the two that protected Tony with a fierceness he'd always admired.
Tony stalked around the corner of the couch, and Clint tumbled over the back, disappearing behind it.  His voice echoed out.  “You’re the best, Pep.”  His head popped up.  “No.”  He gave Tony a pitying look.  “He’s not dying.”
Duck braced his jaw on one hand, leaning into it as if he was too tired to hold his head up.  “Ellen.”
A sigh.  “Do not be foolish.”  And something like the clearing of a throat that didn't exist.  “He needs you.”
Tony bit back a smile, rolling the ball bearing back towards DJ and adding another one.  DJ's face lit up.  "Minimize the amount of chewing we need to do," Tony told Jarvis, as DJ returned the ball bearings back to him, one after another.  "A soup perhaps.  Or something else soft."  He had four tiny balls in play now, each one bouncing against his fingertips as he rolled them.  "Perhaps something suspended in aspic?"
Shuri flopped into her lap, and laughing, Nakia flicked the tip of her nose.  Shuri grinned up at her.  “Please marry my brother.”
“Thank you,” he said, fumbling to get the book in front of him out of the way.  “What’s the atomic number of Helium?”
“No.  I should’ve fucking tossed you out, you and your ‘there’s an issue with their paperwork,” she said to Harris.
“Cool, has anyone ever given you flowers?” Jess asked, pushing her menu hat back on her forehead so it sat at a rakish angle.
He took a step to the side, trying to move around Steve, and Steve moved with him, one hand coming up to rest gently on the center of Tony’s chest.  Tony looked up at him, his face unreadable, and Steve smiled at him. “What, I can’t have a favorite side of the bed?” he asked, because everything else would be a lie, or far too obviously the truth.
There was a sudden, violent explosion of wind that sent napkins and hats flying, a flash of lightning, a clap of thunder, and a burst of flame, splashing across the floor in a flare of flickering green light.  A dark figure emerged from the flame, rising from the depths, a great, winged shadow that that towered eight, ten, twelve feet high, the black tips of its outstretched arms scraping across the ceiling.
“Colorful,” Tony said, but yes, he was definitely smiling now, the sort of a smile that crinkled the corners of his eyes and softened the sharp line of his jaw. “All right, then, officer, I'll bite.” He braced a hand on the workbench, leaning into it. “Who, exactly, do you plan on putting in those seats?”
Carol held up her hands in a pose of surrender.  "Hey, look, when I was fifteen I thought one of my brother's friends was going to be my forever-after, true love Romeo.  The fact that he was ten years older than me and a certified creep didn't sink in until about ten years after I finally wised up and broke it off."
She shook his hand, her expression stunned.  “I’m Trip.”  She looked from Tony, to Tony, and back to Tony.  “So if he’s Tony Stark, then who-”
“But you?” She tapped the armor schematic, right in the middle of the chest, and Tony resisted the urge to cover the arc reactor, his hand twitching upwards before he forced it back down to his side.  “You know enough to know what’s coming.  What waits.  What can happen.” Her eyes caught the light and Tony felt gooseflesh bloom across his arms.  “What will happen.”
Steve stared at him, and then reached for the hem of the blanket.  Tony grabbed for it, and Steve collapsed back onto the pillows, laughing out loud.  “The front desk sent up a pair of shorts from the spa,” he said, “and I think you stole my shirt.”
Steve reached up, one finger ghosting across a diagram.  It fit to his palm for an instant before falling into place.  “It’s not the same.”
The old man looked at Tony, and Tony was pretty sure he could see eternity in the depths of his eyes, in the dark shadows behind his glasses.  The world spun on its axis, and he wasn't sure if it was the exhaustion or the alcohol or the situation itself, but he heard himself say “I do,” the voice echoing as if from a great distance.
His head turned, and for an instant, he was lost, he was adrift, his weight shifting on legs that didn’t want to support him any longer.  His eyes closed.  “You’re not my ex,” he said, his voice aching.  “You’re not my mother, or my assistant, you’re not-” He forced his head up.  “You’re not ANYTHING. So get out.”
“It needs doing,” Steve said.  His fingers ran across the rim of his shield.  “Someone has to do it.  Someone…”  He looked up.  “If it’s gotta be me, then I suppose it’s gotta be me.”
Before his hand could make contact with the wood, both of the double doors flew open.  Stephen loomed out of the darkness, red cape swirling around him like it was caught by a wind that affected him and only him.  His eyes gleamed with pale, swirling light, his breath curling like smoke from parted lips.  “By the old ones, long have I waited for your arrival, long have I hungered-” He paused, his eyes narrowing as he stared down at DJ, his cape freeze-framing in mid-air.  “You’re not pizza.”
“Too blunt,” Tony agreed.  He considered that.  He knew he was an idiot, but considering Steve Rogers was fast becoming one of his favorite pastimes.  He shook off the thought.  “Maybe it’s a cover.”
“I'm the least likely to get fired if you complain to my editor,” Matteo said.  “Can we get a confirmation on-”
All of the strain went out of Steve’s shoulders.   “Yes.”  Strange threw his hands in the air, frustration written across his face and Steve repeated, “Yes.  Yes, I think that is-  That’s what he needs, Stephen.  He has to know we’re always going to come for him.”
“I don't think I'm going anywhere,” he said, but he shifted closer, his arms tightening around Steve's waist.
Jarvis frowned at him.  “Because you were already acting like one,” he said, but there was none of the sternness or disapproval that Tony had expected.  “And perhaps because you are feeling like one.”
“Want to start the potatoes?” he asked, even as Natasha tossed a fourth egg at him.  He integrated it into the pattern without a blink.
“Atlantic City,” Steve said.  He made a deliberate effort not to look back towards the strip.  “Boardwalk's nice, but the rest of it...”
The floor was looking more and more attractive.  It might be hard, but at least it could be trusted.
“Yeah, but…  I’m going to jump the gun.” Sam waved the coffee pot at Steve before filling a cup.  “Go ahead, Steve.  Open it.”
The distinction was subtle, odd.  DJ realized he was picking at the upholstery of his chair with one hand and shifted his hands into his lap. “Clint says,” he said, the words slow, “that I’m what happens, when you don’t compile your code, or run spell check.”
Steve took a deep breath. “I don't think anyone has ever forced Tony Stark to do anything he doesn't want to do,” he said. “At least, not without some serious firepower involved.” He dropped the pencil into the pile, just to hear it rattle. “If he wanted to stop you, he would've, Jan.”
“She definitely looked like she was considering taking the butt of that pistol to the back of his head, I’m not going to lie,” Clint said, giving the pan a shake.  “And Rhodes just looked resigned.  Like he’d been here before, and he knew where it was going to end, and he didn’t like it, but he was sick of fighting it.”
Steve had passed through Strange’s portals in the past, slipping seamlessly from one place to another in just a step or two.  He hadn’t thought much of them then, mostly because they were the means to an end, and the end was ‘stop the world from ending’ most of the time.  He’d used them because there had been no other choice, no other safe way, or no other expedient way.
Shuri pointed her knife at him, the tip waggling back and forth.  “I am going to have a front row seat for your coronation,” she said. “So I can savor the look of panic on your face.”
Even so, Steve caught himself watching the skies through the great glass windows of the Tower lobby, and wishing he'd brought the shield.
DJ peeked out from under the terrycloth.  “Deal,” he agreed, grabbing Clint’s hand and giving it a firm shake.
Steve could see Tony across the room, but he was heading in Steve’s direction, chatting easily with Maria Hill, stirring a cup of cocoa with a candy cane.  He was laughing at something she was saying, and Maria was smiling, her posture relaxed.
The door to the kitchen opened with a thud, and Peter stumbled through, both of his hands gripping the doorknob as if he was using it to keep himself upright.  The side of his face was already turning an unfortunate shade of muddy gray-green, his eye swollen almost shut behind the crooked frames of his glasses.  “Is it-”
“He said DJ was with you and Harris, and we were having some trouble finding a way to get him home,” Steve said.
"It's not usually this hard," Rogers said, so frustrated that Tony just ducked his head, biting his lip hard.  "Are you laughing at me?"
“No, you're not, because then you'd have to go back to talking to yourself or Jarvis, and that's pretty much like talking to yourself, no insult intended, Jarvis.”
“I’m not mad about the photo,” Phil said, and it was true, somehow.  Clint grinned at him, a little smug, and Phil went back to his forms.  “Don’t make a habit of it.”
There was something ominous about how he’d phrased that.  Tony considered him over the rim of his glass.  “And what would that be?”
“Worst case,” Tony said, and Steve laughed against his skin. “It ranked just above, or below, as the case may be, the possibility that you were married and sneaking off to see your wife and what was probably half a dozen lovely blonde children.”
“Yes,” DJ said, digging in with his fork.  It disappeared almost all the way down to his fingertips.
"As it turns out, he thinks that the trellis is easier to climb than a fire escape ladder," Tony said.  "If he's on the roof, I'm going to-"
Steve let himself smile, just a little.  “Would I do something like that?” he asked, his voice mild.
“This is as far from the ‘middle of the damn lawn’ as we can get and still be outside the house,” Tony pointed out.  His hand twisted around, catching Steve’s and bringing it up.  He brushed his lips against Steve’s knuckles, against the back of his hand, against the inside of his wrist, his breath ghosting over the skin there.  “No one can see us.  You made sure of that.”  His eyes tipped up, dark and dangerous in the pale light of the moon.  “All sorts of things I could do to you, without anyone being the wiser.”
“Oh, there absolutely are anarchists, and on most days, I find myself agreeing with them a bit more than I’d like.”  Tony caught the edge of Steve’s orders, giving the page a tug, and Steve let him take them.  “But no.  The current threat has nothing to do with them.”  He smoothed out the sheet of paper, his eyes darting over the few simple lines.  “And likely never did.”
Clint slapped a nametag on his chest, and Tony looked down at it.  “The One and Only,” he read aloud.  “Great, that’s-”
Through the glass door, Tony watched as Steve handed each of the baristas a bunch of daisies and sunflowers, his face bright with laughter.  “Oh, my God,” Tony said, ignoring the way that his chest ached.  “He is painfully perfect, isn't he?”
"It's fine, Officer Rogers. I'd like to think he's a friend of mine," Pepper said, as Billy dipped a low bow over her hand, doffing his cap with a flick of his wrist. She struggled to keep a straight face as he gave her a theatrical kiss on the knuckles. "And quite the gentleman."
Tony shifted, and the teenager glanced up, his dark eyes sharp.  His smile stretched.  “Hey, man,” he said, catching Steve's attention.  “Think your boyfriend's awake.”
Steve just stared across the lawn, his eyes trying to focus on the walls, all the way at the far edges of the property.  Whatever he wanted to say stuck in his throat, a hard, sharp pressure that he couldn’t quite swallow, and couldn’t quite verbalize.
“Clark is a science reporter,” Jesse said, propping a hand on her hip.  “He's probably less bored than you are by, you know, science.”
Steve slipped out of bed, doing his best not to wake Tony on the way.  He spent a moment searching the dark floor of the room for his clothes, and coming up with only his shirt and a sock.  Another tap on the door, and he gave up, grabbing one of the robes hanging in the open closet instead.  He shrugged it on, heading for the door at the same time.
“Her account is amazeballs,” Jesse said. “I only follow like, ten accounts and three are family members.  But I follow her.”  She paused, her cup cradled in her long fingers.  “Did you see that thing she did last month?  Where she demonstrated this year's hot hairstyles on Thor?”
Tony huffed out a sigh, and grabbed hold of the other side of the knot.  "Six," he said, ripping half of it away.
“So, you're just going to hang out here and make snide comments?” he asked, a fond smile twitching his lips.
Tony leaned an arm on the couch next to Steve, his eyes dancing.  “You rang?” he asked, his voice low and husky.  “Sorry.  I couldn’t resist.”
“Literally or figuratively?” Natasha asked, her head popping up over the edge of the dock.  She tossed a piece of a machine onto the dock.  Steve was pretty sure it used to be a submarine.  Or at least a part of a submarine.  “Deal with that, will you?”
Tony stalked into the kitchen, his phone in one hand and his head cradled in the other.  “I’m not dying.  Pep.  Pep.”  He dropped his hand, his head falling back.   His eyes squeezed shut.  “Virginia.  I’m not dying.”  His shoulders slumped.  “Yes.  Yes, I know I’ve said that before.  Yes.  I know it was a lie then, but it’s not a lie now, how many times do you think I’ll really lie about not, you know, dying?”
“What am I supposed to do with these?” Tony yelled after him, and Steve bounced around to face him, still moving towards the elevators.
“I was desperate,” Steve said.  The bag was warm in his hand, and he gave a hopeful sniff.  “Apple fritter?”
"Oh, Hammer's an idiot and the situation is an utter farce," Pepper said.  She brushed the curtains back from one of the cracked window panes, looking down at the street.  "I meant, what do you think of our escort?"
A moment later, he strode into the lobby, looking neither left nor right, heading straight for the concierge station.  The woman stationed there looked up, a polite smile on her face until she realized just who was heading in her direction.  In an instant, her posture changed, her chin coming up, her shoulders going back.  “Good evening, Mr. Stark,” she said, her voice polished.  She slid an expensive looking cream colored envelope across the counter to him.  “Your suite is prepared.  Your-” Her forehead wrinkled for just a moment.  “Assistant indicated you would not be requiring the butler or in room serving staff.  If we’d had a bit more warning, we would’ve assigned someone to-”
“And that’s why he cares.” Tony pushed himself away from the truck.  “Sure, he can put on a mean face when staring down a six term Republican senator who cut funding for school lunches three terms in a row-”
Tony waved him off.  “I made a mistake,” he said.  “And I don't get how, but it's clear I did, but-”
Tony held up a hand.  “Right, I have an answer for all three of those.”  He smiled.  “I get to win this argument.”
Tony nodded, relief making the whole thing just seem ridiculous.  “Yeah.  That’s…  That’s something I did.  And it wasn’t even the stupidest thing I did in the last few days.”  He took a deep breath.  “I should’ve talked to you about it, before I did it, and I intended to, but then, well…”  He held his hand up in front of his face and made a ‘drinky-drinky’ motion.  “I got stupid.”
This time, when he smiled, it was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen.  “Don’t ever underestimate me,” he said, and the words slid over Steve’s skin like a physical touch.  Tony reached out, his fingers cradling a discarded piece.  He tapped it against his cheek, his eyes locked on Steve’s.  “It’s your move.  Make it a good one.”
Tony considered getting up, just to spite the horrible child, but it seemed like far too much work.  “So.  Culinary school,” he said instead.  Eli nodded, his face amused by the effort at small talk.  “You going the French route?”
Luke crossed the room in two huge strides, tossing the envelope onto the bedside table.  “Hey, hey, hey,” he said, grabbing for Steve's other arm.  “Stay still.  She's fine.”  Steve stared up at him, looking for a lie in his face, and Luke smiled.  “She's two doors down, wrapped up in a blanket burrito, hissing at Jan and Jess as they try to fuss at her.”
Tony tapped a finger against his lips. “I think you need to run this plan past Hank,” he said, struggling not to laugh.
“DJ is down with Mrs. Parker, having lunch,” Jarvis said.  “Your plans are beneath the table.  Your gloves are in your back pocket.”
Jess held up her hands.  “I’m easy.”  Nebula tossed them over, and she smiled up at Okoye. “Okay, what am I reading?”
“Tony Stark,” Jesse filled in for her.  She pointed to the background of the photo. “And THAT'S a priest.”
“You shame Maaagicon with your lies, MacIntyre,” Tony said over his shoulder, and everyone looked at him.  “That was loud.  That was louder than intended.  That-”  He pointed at Darcy.  “Fix this, Lewis.”
“The symbol.  On your shield.  That was the mark of the chosen prince.” She rocked forward, her shoulders down, her chin up.  “Where did you get it, boy?”
“Otherwise know as ‘how you live your life,’ even though you do live there,” Ben grumbled, putting Johnny in a headlock.  “C’mon, hot pants, before the bouncer has you removed.”
Her face was pale and taut. “He can pass.  He can slip through the cracks, Steve.  He can hide, for his entire life.  He can pretend he's like everyone else, even if, if it comes out, if he does something someday, some manifestation of power-”
Steve blinked at them.  “You're adorable,” Jan said.  She reached up, pushing the glasses higher on his face with one finger.  “It's a good shape with your face.”  She leaned back.  “I'm going to find you some better shirts, maybe a suit jacket for a dinner somewhere-”
Sam leaned in.  “Hey,” he said, his eyes darting between them.  “Jess insisted on pausing it, and Thor and Clint are just punching each other in the shoulder now, so you guys okay, because-”
Tony sighed and reached for the coffee.  “You’re just going to have to throw that away later,” he pointed out.  “After it molds.”
She was studying the shots on the camera's display. “I'm trying to find a bad angle for you.” Her mouth went tight. “I'm starting to think it's impossible.”
He looked up, but for once, Steve was oblivious to what was happening.  Tony reached for DJ’s shoulder.  “What’s-”
“Listen, you keep cutting all your hair off, I’m only cheating on you because I’m desperate,” Jess said, smoothing Greer’s hair into soft curls.  She leaned over Greer’s shoulder, smiling at her.  “Can I do your hair before the Christmas party?”
“You should be,” Rhodey said.  “One sec, I’ve got-”  There was a muffled sound of footsteps and something rattling, and then he was back.  “Yeah, sorry about that, I was just getting out of the shower, don’t want to leave the towel in the middle of the floor.”  The coffee pot beeped in the background.  “What’s up, Steve?”
She took a step back, her head tipped up in Steve's direction.  "I'm sorry, darling," she said, and Steve felt his face heat.  She rested a hand on his chest.  "Am I making you uncomfortable?"
He leaned forward, his lips ghosting over DJ’s forehead. “I love you.  I’ll be back to see you before you know it.”
His head lolled to the side, following the flow of the light, rising and falling in waves, like music, like laughter.
“No, no,” Darcy said, balancing her tray on one hand like a carhop.  “He’s like, you know, a hurricane.  Chaos on the edges, draws a bunch of trash into his general vicinity, but here in the center?  The people who are snug right up against him?”  She fluttered her eyes in Harris’ direction.  “Peace in the eye of the storm.”
DJ’s eyes close.  “I want to go home,” he said, each word so precise and perfectly still that a shiver went up Harris’ back.  DJ’s hands flexed, fingers digging into the paper of the juicebox.  “I want.  To go.  Home.”
Bruce stopped, his eyes blinking rapidly.  He brushed the crumbs of the pastry off of his hands, and nodded.  He looked up, meeting Steve’s eyes.  “In a grave,” he said, his smile never wavering.  He nodded at Clint.  “Save me some, uh, something for lunch?  I’ve got to weed the back garden, and-”
The pandemic of 2020 hit me particularly hard, and therefore, this story may be more uneven or rough than most of my stories.  I'm going to thank you for your patience with that, I really did try to continue, despite the tough times.
“No,” Tony repeated in a faint, amused sing-song of a tone.  He rolled to his feet.  “I’m not opening my house to a bunch of thugs who’ll get in the way, cause nothing but trouble, and probably make a year’s salary selling a bunch of rumors to the muckrakers.”
He looked down at the flask in his hand, water dripping along the polished metal and wood, making it glow in the sunlight.  “Know what?” he asked, turning it from side to side, watching the light flare along the surface.  “Waking up in Wakanda might’ve been a blessing.”  He looked up to find Bucky watching him, and smiled.  “After that, coming back here feels more familiar.  Things may have changed.  I may have forgotten a road or two, and a few villages may have moved while I was sleeping-”
Tony focused on setting the chess pieces back on the board, avoiding Obie’s eyes. “I mean, there’s many things I’m not suited to be,” he said.  “Can we narrow it down?”
“And you try to comfort me when I do,” Sam said.  He patted Steve on the back.  “Don't worry.  You start whining about this regularly and I'll put you in your privileged ass place.”
Steve opened his mouth.  Closed it.  Tony held out a hand to him.  “He needs you.  We all need you.”
"Because that sounded like it hurt," she said, reaching out with one gloved hand.  Her fingertips brushed against his forehead, and he winced.  She pulled back immediately.  "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-"
“I was hoping so.”  She bumped her shoulder against his.  “You're going to need to trust us, Steve.  If this is going to work, if we're all going to get through this?”  She looked up at him, and they were so close that he could see the smattering of freckles that was scattered across the bridge of her nose.  “You're going to need to trust us sometimes.”
Steve took a breath, and then another.  He looked up.  “Because I’ll find another way back.”  He smiled, and it felt it in his teeth.  “And it might be even stupider.”
“And T’Challa is talking to him, and it’s clear to everyone involved that this is a disaster,” Shuri said.  “Because he’s getting attached.  I’m looking at the guards, and they’re going-” She made a comical shrugging gesture, and pointed both hands at Steve, then went back to shrugging.  “And I’m just waiting for the inevitable, as this one explains that he’s quite pleased with his little hut.”  She templed her fingers in front of her.  “What was it you said?”
Obie reached out, grinding his cigar out in the ashtray on Tony’s desk.  His fingers twisted the stub, and it disintegrated against the crystal.  He flicked the remains free of his fingertips.  He smiled.  “Haven’t I always?”
And my last backup was corrupted, so I lost some of my files.  I managed to recover most of it from my last backup, but I had to recreate a...  A bunch of this.  So.  Sorry.
Unable to resist, Steve reached out, his fingers just ghosting over the shining red metal of the front fender.  “How's it drive?”
“We can leave.  We can come back later.  Another time, or to a smaller theater, or I can build a theater, the screen wouldn’t be a problem and the camera would really be the only problem, if we were-”  DJ was staring up at him, his brow furrowed, and Tony pulled himself up short.  “We can go.  I won’t be mad.  No one will be mad, DJ.”
“Only a few minutes,” Pepper said.  “No one's noticed.  I promise.”  She leaned forward, the light sliding over her hair.  “It's okay.  You're okay.”
His head cleared in an instant, so fast that he was almost dizzy with it.  Steve.  Steve's.  He blinked at the walls, at the bed.  Steve's.
It was a ridiculous thing to say, and it was even more ridiculous because Steve actually meant it.  Tony took a deep breath and started talking.
Steve closed his eyes, memories of Tony, grinning down at him as he straddled Steve's hips on the office couch, his fingers sliding under Steve's clothes to find his skin washing over him.  He took a deep breath, and it shuddered through him, pleasure and need rolling heavy in his gut.  “I'll give it to you when I get back on Tuesday,” he said, and it came out throaty and low, full of an erotic sort of promise.
Steve reached into his pocket and came up with a few coins.  “But you did it anyway.  Thank you.”  He dropped them on the counter.  “This is why you can’t make rent.”
“Are we being healthy?” Harris asked her, only mildly curious.   He considered the cups of carrot sticks and yogurt parfaits.
T’Challa frowned.  “You were supposed to-”  Okoye looked at him, her eyebrows arched, and he stopped.  “Right.  Of course you could not stop her.”
Shaking his head, Tony scrubbed his face with the towel, trying to get some blood back into his head.  It wasn't particularly effective.  He considered the shower again, wondering if he could risk it.  The way this day was going, he'd be naked and in a compromising position when Steve decided to walk in.
“I’ve done it before, and I’ll probably do it again,” Steve said, but he took a bite of it anyway.  The pastry melted on his tongue, warm and buttery, the raw sugar from the top crunching between his teeth.  His eyes closed, just for a second, as he savored the flavor.
The waiter was just finishing setting out the coffee service as Steve returned to the main room of the suite, already digging through the pockets of his tuxedo jacket, looking for his wallet among the various things he'd picked up at the party the night before.  He found it in an inner pocket, between a folded piece of paper and a half dozen condoms that had been pressed into his hands yesterday.
The image of Steve down in front of him on one knee morphed into one of just Steve on his knees, and both of those were unacceptable, both of those would haunt his dreams in ways he didn't even want to contemplate.  Tony squeezed his eyes shut, struggling to breathe.  “No, that's fine, that's-”  He was not a child.  He'd been in love before, and it hadn't worked out then, either.  He could handle this.  He had been handling this, for weeks, for months, for years.
“Less judging, more speaking from experience,” Tony said, scribbling a note along the bottom of a statement.
“You should never, ever have been forced to make that choice, Peter,” Tony said, and he was so exhausted he could barely keep himself upright.  He braced a hand on the table. “Go to bed, Peter.  We’ll get him back.”
But he'd never asked.  He'd never said the words aloud, not even in the relative safety of art school, where everyone suspected and few people cared.  You suspected.  You understood.  But you never, ever said anything out loud.  Other people did, he supposed, other people found lovers somehow, and it seemed hard to do that without actually giving a name to what you were.  But Steve, small and weak and fragile, knew better.
"I'll take the room," Steve said, mostly to make the confusing wave of words stop.  He held up a hand.  "Thank you, I'll..."  He gave Jarvis a hopeless look.  "Whatever is easiest for you, Mr. Jarvis."
Steve took the screwdriver out of his hand, setting it gently on the workbench.  “Happy was driving him,” he said, his voice quiet.  “And even if he wasn’t, you don’t miss much, when it comes to that kid.”
“It’s not working,” Steve said.  “Buck-”  Bucky turned big, sad eyes in his direction, and anything Steve had been thinking of saying evaporated in an instant.  He sighed.  “Don’t cry.”
Steve gave him a look.  “Because you invited me  here,” he said, spreading his hands.  “Here.  To Congress.  To testify in front of that-” He choked the words back, locking his teeth together and taking a slow, deep breath through his nose.  He let it out.  “Everything I do here is going to reflect on you, and your organizations, and I’m trying, Isaiah, I’m really trying to keep my mouth shut.”
“Right, but-”  Pepper tapped him on the nose with the pen, and he stopped dead.  Across the room, Jan stifled a giggle, and he glared at her.  “Do not encourage her.”
A rumble of sound from Steve's shoulder brought everyone's head around.  Steve stared down, nonplussed, at Clint, who appeared to have fallen asleep standing up, his body propped up by Steve's.  His head was twisted at an odd angle, his mouth hanging open against Steve's shoulder, and in the stunned silence of the room, his next snore was obscenely loud.
Steve smiled.  “Not that big, buddy.”  He wrestled Tony's jacket off and tossed it towards the breakfast bar.  “Go get cleaned up, I'm going to make you some tea and toast, then it's straight to bed.”
“No,” Steve told him, already struggling to get buttons through wet buttonholes, cursing under his breath as the fabric fought him and Tony provided no assistance at all.
“It’s Mr. Rhodes’ favorite,” May said.  As she walked past, she ruffled Peter’s hair.  “You’ll do fine.”
“Pepper will pencil you in,” Tony said, pushing himself a little higher up on the headboard.  “Sorry, Obie.”
Tony opened his eyes, and Steve was right there, right in front of him, still smiling, bright and full of light and warmth, and Tony wanted to scream at him, wanting to shake him.  “Listen, buddy,” he said, and he was shocked at how steady his voice was.  “I'm not the kind of guy who gets married on the first goddamn date, what the hell?”
“We adding 'shut up, Iron Man' to that list?” Luke asked.  There was a thud, and Tony was pretty sure the building shifted on its foundation.  “I think we should add 'shut up and do your job, Iron Man,' to that list.”
Steve nodded.  “I’ve wanted to.  For a long time.”  He looked back at the table, where the mistletoe bells lay, almost forgotten.  “I figured this…  Might be my only chance.”  He looked back, and Tony was staring at him, his face carefully blank.  “Figured I should take it.”  His lips twitched into a pained smile.  “I-”
Tony leaned back, smoothing DJ’s hair, one shaking hand cradling his head.  “It’s not, but thank you anyway.”  He tried to smile.  “Are you hurt?”
There was a sudden, hard roar of the repulsors, and Tony’s head snapped back to DJ, who was accelerating towards the sky at full speed.  His eyes narrowed.  “What is he-”  He straightened up, his shoulders going tight.  Up.  Up.   Til he was almost out of sight, until he was barely a spark of light among the stars, so far up-
“And someday, when you’re stronger, when Dr. Essex thinks your heart's strong enough, when those... “  Obie made a face.  “Attacks of yours stop, then there will be a place at the University for you.  I’ve made sure of it.”
Pepper opened one eye, glaring out at Tony from the shelter of Rhodey's chest.  “Show some sense, and do not make eyes at the cop,” she said.
Tony grinned, his eyes falling shut again.  “I'll live for today, then,” he said.  “Read me a porny one.”
“He’s tricky,” Tony agreed.  There was a knock at the door, and he glanced at Pepper, making sure she’d put the dossier away.  “What’s the password?” he called.
“Life is tough when you have a teleconference with four different time zones,” Pepper agreed, her lips twitching.  Her head tipped towards the lobby.  “Come on.  Happy's double parked.”
"I know enough to know when someone's speaking French and when someone's making up nonsense," Steve said, his voice flat.   They crossed the hall to the main staircase, heading up to the second floor.  "So Mr. Stark does speak French, and Clint doesn't?"
Val's fingers stroked through her hair, the movement slow and idle.  And then she started to braid again.  “You don't tell because he'd feel guilty for losing you,” she said, and DJ's heart skipped a beat.  His eyes jerked up to meet hers, and Val twisted the braid around her palm.  “He doesn't know you remember, does he?”
"I could tell you that, but it would be a lie," Jan said.  She smiled at Steve.  "Want to look at the menus?"
Tony’s phone vibrated across the dashboard of the car, shaking itself into an impotent rage.  Tony ignored it, his attention focused on his coffee.  It was cold, and it hadn’t been good when it had been hot, but at this point, he didn’t care.  It was something to think about, other than the fact what, exactly, he was letting happen here.
“You’re probably going to break a lot of things,” Tony told DJ.  “There are a surprising number of breakable things in this house.”
"Officer, I'm shocked." The boy did a quick sidestep around Steve, his feet flying across the carpet in a wild sort of softshoe. "Shocked, I say. You're-"
“That seems like cheating, though,” Tony said.  He broke a crab rangoon in half and offered a piece to Steve.
“And it turns out that your ‘emergency’ is a bunch of tailors, and no one was interested in listening to me when I told them that I didn’t need a suit and didn’t want a suit and this is-” He gestured at Tony with the bacon.  “What is this?”
Steve grinned at him.  “If I give this to you, what're the chances that you'll actually manage to drink it without spilling it everywhere?”
Peter's mouth opened.  Closed.  He looked down at DJ, who gave him a nod.  Peter looked back at Tony.  "Absolutely, Mr. Stark.  We stake our reputations on it."
“I’m a Faramir girl, myself,” Darcy said.  “I refuse to be seen with a man who has better hair than me.”  She waited for Clint to walk around the SUV, one hand propped on her hip.  “Anyone waiting to murder us?”
“A sentiment shared by all sane men,” Obie said, chuckling.  He lifted the stopper on the whiskey decanter, swirling the liquor in the depths of the bottle before reaching for a tumbler and pouring it with a heavy hand.  He picked up the glass, and without setting down the bottle, he took a quick swallow, then turned his attention to his aspirin tablets.
“Yeah,” Bucky said, kicking at a tendril with one boot.  “That’s one way of putting it.”  He crouched down, lifting a leaf.  “Steve, give me your knife.”
His eyes shut.  He took a deep breath.  “You’re the only one who knows what you have to bear,” he said at last.  “No one else will ever know that.  The good ones, they’ll…  Try.  To understand.  Some people might actually get an idea.  The bad ones, they won’t bother.”
“I absolutely do not,” Tony said, smirking at him. His fingers tangled in the front of Steve's jacket. “So point us towards the nearest men's room.”
Bruce said something to Peter, one hand clasped on the boy’s shoulder, and Tony saw Peter’s chin dip in a slight nod, but he didn’t look up.  As Bruce straightened up, May set the ice pack against Peter’s cheek, cradling the wet cloth against the bruised skin.  He reached up, covering her hand with his, and Tony’s chest tightened so much it hurt.
Sam nodded.  “That’s an honest answer,” he said, his hand dropping.  “And kind of a cop-out. Do we have a plan to uncomplicate things?”
“Uh-huh.” Rhodey took his book back, flipping it back around in his hands.  “You should be used to that by now.”
“I'm here because apparently this is where the queer kids are,” Jesse said. “Like high school. We all hide in the drama club room.”
Tony forced his eyes open.  Forced himself to look at DJ, no matter how much that made his chest ache, made his throat close up.  “The best ones will just accept, that you know what you can bear and what you can’t.  That they’ll never know, but they can believe.”
“I need to know what I’ve got in terms of liquid assets,” Tony said, his voice flat.  “And what, exactly, I can liquidate.  Quickly.”
And once the stage was set, quilts spread on the ground and sheets fluttering in the breeze, they brought out the food.  Clint lead the way, making the trip across the lawn half a dozen times, massive silver trays balanced on his shoulder or his hip, filled with platters of cold fried chicken, bowls of potato salad and cole slaw, baskets of crisp potato chips and jar after jar of pickles.  There were tea sandwiches and and plates of sliced cheeses and meats, baskets of golden brown biscuits, and napkin-wrapped loaves of french bread, laid out one after another on the table.
But when Rogers held out his hand, Furbro jumped into his waiting palm, tail whipping through the air.  Rogers caught him, his fingers curling up, a protective little cradle.  “Hi,” he said to the lizard, who nibbled at his thumb.  Smiling, Rogers let it.  “Go ahead,” he said, his head still down, and that seemed to be all that DJ was waiting for.
Tony choked on a laugh.  “Fine.  Fine.” Tony stripped his shirt over his head, barely wincing as his shoulder protested the movement.  He tossed it aside.  “I’ll just have to break up with you before the blender comes out.”
“Neither of you gets to punch the other until I do,” Clint said.  “I have dibs.  And, at this rate, we’re going to need nametags to figure out who the fuck everyone is.”
Tony lifted his head, just far enough to glare at Steve with one eye.  Steve bit back a smile.  "Right.  Bed."
“Despite my best efforts, you never seem to have gotten comfortable with it,” Jarvis said.  He smiled, just a little.  “What are you going to do about DJ?”
“Yes!”  DJ dragged a big box over to the couch, pushing it between them as Phil started pouring cocoa.
Tony stopped.  Hank stared at him.  “It was broken,” he said, his voice pained, and Hank grabbed a cloth from the counter and flung it at his head.  Tony ducked.  “Look, it’s-” Another rag hit him in the shoulder, and he brushed it away with a disdainful flick of his fingers.  “That’s a gross oversimplification, and you know it.”
“Puree of organic wild Maine blueberries,” Tony said.  Steve held up the fork, and the puree was so dark it was almost red, and he could smell it from here.  “The little ones.  That actually taste of something.  Not the giant blue abominations they force on us now.  Dark chocolate ganache.  The cocoa’s ethically sourced.  The powder is salted caramel dust.”
“I mean.  You can try,” Bucky said, herding her towards the door.  He glanced over his shoulder at Steve.  “Dishes?”
“Tempting fate,” Drew said, setting his tray down and grabbing his cup.  “I’m going to go get a refill.  Shawn?  Want anything from the vending machine?”
Tony took it.  Her grip was firm and her fingers felt cool.  “Thank you.”  He looked at the bench.  “Are you staying for…  Cake?”
"Right," Tony said.  He looked down at the child, who looked back at him, looking distinctly unimpressed.  "Right."  He managed a smile.  "Welcome."
“I mean, maybe so,” Happy said.  He sipped his tea.  “Don’t think so, though.  I think he’s gettin’ paranoid about how things are going at court.  Every time I drive him to the capitol, he’s tense as a scalded cat the whole way back.  And then, next thing you know, the Acolytes are down from the church again, building up the wards.”
“When he says 'try to fuss over here,' he means 'totally succeed in fussing over her,'” Sam said, easing Steve back to the bed.  “Because she's like that cat who snarls at you when you try to pet it and then bites you when you try to stop.”
“You nearly ended up in jail,” Steve said, shaking his head.  “So...  Not sure you made the best choice there, pal.”
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “No excuse,” he said, stabbing at the workbench with his fingertip.  “And I’m not certain you’re actually correct about that.”
Steve smiled.  “Yeah,” he said, because they were both looking at him, with identical eyes in different faces, and that might have been the biggest understatement of his life.  He leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest.  “I love you.”
Time slowed down, Tony’s breath stilling in his lungs, his heart going silent in his chest. The barrel of a gun, was a hollow, a hole through the world, a black void, tiny and empty and infinite, and he had an instant to realize that it was going to swallow him. There was an instant of knowing. Of certainty. Of remembering.
DJ blinked at him, and then twisted around, looking back towards Hitomi.  She didn't look up from her peeling.  "What?" she asked, a smile hovering around her mouth.  "If you tell him, you tell him."  She rolled the pear against her palm, the blade of her knife sliding neatly under the peel.  "I think he can be trusted.  Do you?"
“I make no promises,” Tony said, snuggling down into the couch with a cough.  “I'd move fast, if I were you.”
Tony set the net next to the bed.  “I mean, he might’ve pocketed something,” he allowed.  “Or I might’ve given him his own set.  To keep the pocketing from happening.”
Steve bit back a curse.  “It's a plant,” he said, because that was boring.  Flowers were exciting, flowers were romantic, flowers were a gesture.  A plant was none of that, which was only fair, because neither was he.  He shifted the poinsettia into the crook of his elbow.  “It's...  A plant.”
“Which is everyone,” Ellen said.  She leafed through the photos.  She'd seen most of them before, but a few were unfamiliar.  She fished them out, laying them out on the desktop.  “I think Instagram just assumes that everyone who opens up an account wants to follow VanDyne.”
“Yeah, but where?”  The voice floated through the darkness, and Steve’s head snapped up.  What felt like several minutes ticked by, and then the shadows below the eaves shifted.  Clint leaned out, one hand braced on the stone next to him.  “I took first watch.”
There was a soft tap on the door, and Tony looked up just in time to see Mrs. Parker peek in.  “Jarvis?” she asked.  Her silver hair was drawn up in a loose braid, her glasses crooked on the bridge of her nose.  “Are we up for visitors?”
Steve stared at her.  She stared back, her head cocked to the side.  “You do realize that Prohibition is over, don’t you?” he asked.  “You can… Buy liquor now.”
Tony laughed, his fingers slid under Steve’s suspenders, tugging him forward.  “Relax, officer.  I’ve got you.”
Steve grinned at him.  “Yeah.  Isaiah, Eli, this is Tony.  Tony, this is Isaiah Bradley, and his grandson Eli.  Isaiah was a friend of Chef Erskine's.”
In the back of the mob, someone made a noise.  Not quite a word, just a warning sort of grunt, and the thug paused, his head swinging to the side.  Steve’s eyes darted in the same direction, trying to track what had gotten their attention.
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “I…”  He stopped.  Because that was how it was.  That was the way it had always been.   Since he’d been DJ’s age, and his father had sat at the head of the table.  And he’d learned patience, this room had taught him patience.  He’d learned self-control, listening to the clock tick, listening to his mother’s spoon slide against the side of her tea cup.  He’d learned to count his own breaths, passing time with counting the carved flowers in the ceiling and the stitches in the lace tablecloth, or slowly, carefully peeling the shell away from his soft-boiled egg.  He’d learned to control the nervous energy that poured through him, channeling it into the way his feet flexed against the rung of his chair, safely out of sight under the table.
“Inarticulate keyboard smashes and there's been a distinct uptick in photo edits,” Jarvis said.  “Your portmanteau is under serious discussion-”
Tony took a deep breath, and it came out in a cough, hard and heavy, and he buried his face in Steve's shoulder.  Steve waited for it to pass, his teeth gritted in sympathetic pain.  But when Tony finally raised his head, he looked resigned.  "Riri."
Which appeared to be a thick slice of chocolate cake, balanced precariously on top of a stack of his usual study books.
The cat arched up into his hand, then hopped off the table, walking across the living room and heading for the suite door.  DJ stood up.  He glanced at Harris.  “Should I-” he started as the cat slipped around the corner.
"And we're going to be easier to dance with than TS is," she said, patting him lightly on the arm.  "We're used to dodging big ol' feet."
“No,” Steve said.  He softened that with a tight smile.  “Thank you, ma’am.  But no.  I’m-”  He shoved a hand through his hair, pulling a bit harder than was necessary.  “I’m not interested.”
"Yeah.  But for some reason, they also don't follow Steve Rogers, so make of that what you will."  Jesse was silent for a moment.  "Are you sure we're not being sued?"
“You ask the impossible,” Franklin said, even as he crept up behind Val, his hands up above his head.  Before Val could realize he was there, he was throwing his arms around her waist, hugging her tight and lifting her bodily off of her stool.  Val let out a shriek, her legs kicking wildly, but she was grinning, too.
Steve glanced back over his shoulder just in time to see Tony fit the case back into place.  He opened it with a flick of his thumb, and closed it with a click.  He held it out to Steve.  “There we go.  Good as new.”  His eyebrows arched.  “Next time?  Keep it out of the water.”
He opened one eye, displeased by the sound.  The side of his face was plastered up against the tile of the shower.  Which was horribly undignified, but in his defense, this thing had like six showerheads and he might end up drowning, but he was going to drown happy.
“Pick your poison,” Rhodey said.  He stepped into the garage, leading the way to the car Happy had just finished with.  His cap was still sitting on the roof, and he collected it. “Put in a call.  We’ll come get you.”  Without a word, Steve opened the door and slid into car, and Rhodey got behind the wheel.  He glanced at Steve.  “Look.  You’re not the sort to leave a job half done.  So I’m going to ask a question here.”
“I’ll have coffee,” Tony said.  His stomach was painfully empty, but the thought of food made his throat close up.  “Just coffee.”
"But you clearly have such excellent taste in colors," Steve said, dusting his hands off on his hips.  "How could I possibly do this without you?"
"Not to my knowledge, but he's pulled weirder stunts for less publicity," he said, grinning.  "But if this was his fault, he should be paying for at least half of this reception."
“I'll see if I can get him on my calendar, it's pretty solid right now, it's things everywhere, you know how-”
“This is what you get for Christmas, you know that, right?  I'm returning your Christmas present and this is what you get.  My presence.  My illuminating existence in your life for one evening and-”
Steve stared at the wedding chapel.  It didn’t inspire confidence.  It could’ve used a coat of paint, at the bare minimum.  “We’re doing this,” he said, because yes.  This was absolutely what they were doing. “It’s better than a city hall wedding.”
Tony stirred, his head coming up for a second before subsiding back down to his chest.  He mumbled something under his breath, and Steve caught himself smiling at him, affection sweeping over him.  “You're going to make this as difficult as possible, aren't you?” he asked.
Tony shook his head, and Steve met Happy’s eyes as he opened the back door of the car.  “We were, ya know, hoping that maybe he was here,” Happy said, as Tony slid into the car.  “Sure, it’d be a long trip, but-” He gave Steve a lopsided smile.  “He’s a clever one.”
Tony grinned at him.  "Excuse me, that's my job."  Steve's hand fell away, and Tony caught it before he could withdraw it completely.  Gently, he wove their fingers together, giving Steve room and space to pull away, if he wanted to.  Instead, Steve hooked his fingers through Tony's, just as cautious, just as tentative.
The boy seemed to have lost interest in Tony and was now just grinning up at Sue, his fingers wrapped in the fabric of his bright blue shirt.  There was a white star in the middle of his chest, and he was wearing a pair of pink shorts with little purple arrows on both sides of the legs.  “Hi,” he said.
Natasha slipped into step beside him.  “Where would be the fun in that?” she asked.  Her eyes slid in his direction, half hidden beneath the sweep of her lashes.  “So.”
“I’ve got to be helpful, somehow,” Steve said, the words wry.  He picked up a few other cups, piling them up in the crook of his arm.  “I’ll make a couple of sandwiches.”
"I've noticed that," Tony said.  He watched DJ as the boy carefully added fruit to the blender, his tongue sticking out between his lips, one hand braced on the counter to balance himself.  Tony's lips twitched.  "He'll be more useful later.  Right now, Steve won't let us do any welding at all when he's like this.  Something about how very, very flammable he is."
"Right.  Our story."  Steve let his head fall back, looking up at the lacy pattern of the leaves above him.  "So the knight has traveled a long way.  He's met many people, people he's helped, and people who've helped him."
DJ made a face at him, and Tony rolled the chair across the room, his feet pushing comically against the floor.  “Yes, yes, your life is hard and everything's unfair.”
“Non,” Clint said.  He had a knife in his hand and a rather crazed look in his eyes.  Tony grinned at him.
He shouldn't.  He really shouldn't.  Just being here made him uncomfortable. Everywhere he looked, it was polished marble and gilt, gleaming gold paint and heavy red brocade.  Carvings of ancient patterns and smiling cherubs peeked out from every corner, delicate metalwork and incredibly intricate mosiacs of glass and stone covering surfaces from the ceiling to the floor.
“Yeah.”  Jesse pulled her phone out of the pocket of her cargo shorts.  “''Statutory Surprise in Symkaria,'” she read aloud.  She gave Ellen a look.  “Really, you had to go for the alliteration?”
“Let's not,” Tony said, even as Steve force marched him in that direction.  Giving up on moving under his own steam, he turned his focus on being nosy.
“So, uh, it seems like I’m the least troublesome company you’ve had in the last few days,” Bruce said, the words rising over Tony’s.  He looked over, the light flashing across the surface of his glasses.  For a moment, his eyes were invisible, but his dark brows were drawn up tight, his mouth twitching.  “I…”  He shook his head, gesturing at his tablet with his pen.  “Tony.  Just…  I’m just working here.  Can’t you just ignore me?”
“Because it’s more fun to drink alone?” he asked, rubbing his knuckles.  He’d split the skin there at some point, and every sweep of his thumb pushed the blood across his skin.
"Yes, you are, so fix the line of that coat or you shall never hear the end of it," she said, as DJ held his ball up to her.  She smiled down at him.  "Oh, that's lovely!  Did Thor bring you candy as well?"
Steve's dog tags shifted across his skin, the wedding ring gleaming in the cool light of the arc reactor, and Steve was suddenly so achingly aroused that he was dizzy with it.
Gyrich paused, one hand swinging down at his side.  “I'll send you a full schematic.”  And then he was gone, wandering off into the mass of human and vehicle traffic.
Steve reached around him, picking up the book of poetry, and thumbing through it.  “Crossing Brooklyn Ferry,” he read aloud, and Tony glanced back over his shoulder at him.  Steve was smiling, a slight curve of his lips, the long dark sweep of his lashes hiding his eyes, his face flushed with warmth.  Tony opened his mouth to say something, and Steve kissed his temple.  “Hush and listen,” he whispered.
“Well, I mean, sure, why not at that point,” Harris mused.  He reached up, adjusting his glasses on his nose.  “Right.  I mean.  Right.”  He cleared his throat.  “I don’t want to, uh, it’s never a good idea to talk about money, but where did you get twenty thousand dollars?”
“Yeah, I got that, I'm sitting on that because otherwise I think I'm going to have a stroke,” Rhodey said.  He was pacing back and forth across the living room, clutching his head.  Just watching him made Tony feel tired.  “I'm focusing on other things.”
Dummy rolled sideways, and Tony walked around the bench.  There was a stack of boxes piled up around Dummy’s base.  Tony scrubbed a hand over his face.  “And did you finish the calculations I needed you to do yesterday?”
Greer smiled, wide and bright.  “They’re for you, actually.”  She held the flowers out to him, and his face went slack.  Before he could muster a response, she kept going.  “I rather like you.  A lot.  And I was wondering if you were free next week for dinner?  I managed to get a reservation at that Indian restaurant you were talking about, and thought you might want to join me?”
“He's at the curb,” Tony said, flapping a hand in the general direction of the front of the restaurant.  “Maybe if I added some basil smoke to this, it'd be a stronger impression on the palate, there's just so few ways to make that effective without adding the sulfurous elements and-”
“We trust you.”  Pepper pulled his hand away from his hair.  “Stop it, you’re making a mess.  We do trust you.  And I find-”  She exhaled.  “I want to trust him.  More than I feel I should.  Hill’s never steered us wrong, but she’s never kept us in the dark this long, either.”
“No,” Tony said, catching Jan’s hands and squeezing them as he took a step back.  “Don’t mind her.  She already has a fiance.  What she doesn’t have, much to our dismay, is any sense of boundaries.”
“Last Christmas I spent alone and drunk and this may not be an improvement,” he stated as the pitter- patter of quick feet brought his head around.  DJ carefully lowered a tray to the ground, then took a seat on the carpet next to Steve, folding his legs under him.  “Speaking of people who are here to bankrupt me,” Tony said, grinning at him.  “Did you bring me coffee?”
“Yes, and yes,” Tony said.  “I do.  We do.”  He reached out, one finger brushing against the tip of DJ’s nose.  “More than you know.”
There was a beat of silence, and Steve’s rough jaw brushed against Tony’s temple “I missed you, too,” he whispered back.  Tony shifted in his arms, reveling in the contact and the friction, and the way that Steve’s arms tightened, trying to keep him still.  Steve’s lips brushed against his ear.  “Behave.”
For a moment, he didn’t know where he was, or how he’d got there.  Threads of memories and dreams tangled together, and his sleep-dull mind struggled to separate them.  He shifted in his bed, half expecting his back to ache or his legs to seize up, the way they had when he’d been young.But his body moved without a hint of protest, his skin sliding easily against linens as soft as silk.
“Yeah, because Steve's got so much to keep tabs on,” Carol said.  She paused in the act of stacking boxes to tighten the bandanna that was tied around her head.  “Cap, you finish with the art stuff yet?”
Instead, he picked his way to the middle of the design, and crouched down, the box braced on one knee.  He took a breath, and another, and tried to ignore the way the light seemed to match it.  He reached out, his fingers spread, and pressed his palm against the stone.
He didn't know where his feet were, what they were doing, but it was okay, because he hadn't stepped on Tony's toes, he hadn't kicked him in the shins or yanked him off balance.  It wasn't perfect, he knew that, but it was smooth.  It wasn't easy, but it was worth the effort.  Because Tony was relaxed in his arms, his eyes locked on Steve's, a slight smile on his face.
Startled, Steve looked up to find Miss Potts and a lovely, statuesque redheaded woman waiting for him at the base of the stairs.  “It was nothing, ma'am,” he said.  He shifted his weight, his cap clasped in front of him in both hands.  “I'm glad we found him.”
Steve gestured at the window frame.  “The lock on the window’s broken, the trellis outside’s got a few broken rungs.  Easy enough to assume our kidnapper came up that way, and forced his way in.”
“You can have one after you’ve had some real food.”  Clint moved so fast at the cutting board that the blade of his knife was just a blur.  “Sit.”
Tony let himself be tumbled back into bed, curling into Steve's pillow.  “Sorry,” he mumbled.  “Sorry.”
Ellen reconsidered the kicking.  “Of course it is,” she said, rolling over.  “Considering we got here six hours after King Stefan signed the damn bill with absolutely no warning.” She punched a fist into her pillow.  “No.  Warning.”
"Just Natasha is fine," she said with a faint smile.  “Come along.  The stairs to the kitchen are this way.”
But as Steve drew closer, the head came up, and a boy stared at him, dark eyes wide over the broad width of his freckled nose.  His hair had been dyed a sharp, almost electric blue, and cropped close to his head.  As Steve approached, he straightened up.  “You're Steve Rogers?” he asked.  His backpack slipped down his shoulder, and one hand came up, grabbing for the strap.  His nails were covered in chipped turquoise polish just a shade lighter than his hair.
Billy swiped his wrist across his nose.  “If you say so,” he said, in a voice that made it clear that he didn’t agree with that decision.  “Answer’s no.  Like I said.  He has his plots and schemes, but he’s also smart enough to know that if he ain’t here if someone from the Board comes knocking on the door, there’ll be hell to pay.
Tony studied empty space in front of him, his stomach churning.   “Yeah.  Your math sucks.”  With a flick of his fingers, he expanded the holographic file structure, cycling rapidly through the dozens of useless attempts.  His jaw ached, and he made an effort to unclench his teeth.
Steve thought about that.  “This is good,” he said.  “And when you're ready to talk, will you talk to me?”
“I hate you,” Harris announced from the front entryway, slamming the door behind him.  “I-  I want to make that clear, I hate you.”
Steve took a moment cast a beseeching look upwards.  “I’m sure I don’t know,” he said, even as Pepper took his arm and tried to coax him into a spin.  “Can we just agree that I won’t get it?  And give up?”
Steve wasn’t sure if Tony was even taking to him anymore.  “I-” His chest felt tight, even the act of breathing required a monumental effort.  “What are you talking about?”
Tony froze, his hands on the waistband of his pants.  “Why?” he repeated, blinking at Steve.  “What do you mean, why?”
“You made a pot, there was zero chance that I wasn't going to get a cup,” Tony pointed out.  He sat up and made grabby motions in Steve's general direction.  “So let's stop pretending here.”
“At least he tries,” he said, giving Ty a stern look.  “You, meanwhile…”  He let his voice trail away in a meaningful manner, and Ty looked away.
"The Asian woman, in the left side of the press corral, orange jacket," Tony said.  He gave the crowd a smile.  "Do we know who that is?"
Tony stared at him.  “Why.”  Steve didn’t say anything, and Tony lunged for him, his hands grabbing for the front of Steve’s shirt, dragging him down.  “Why are you so determined to get yourself killed, you damned idiot?  Why won’t you just GO?”  The final word was a barely contained howl.
“You TATTOOED ME,” Tony said, and Nebula looked up, her dark eyes glacial beneath the hard line of her brows.  Tony glared at her.  “While I was blackout drunk, Neb.  What the hell?”
Steve took it and let himself be dragged up against the pillows.  “Fine, but I get to choose the movie.”
“But if there aren’t any Fairies in America, then how would they hear us?” Steve asked.  His mother gave him a look, and he straightened up in his chair.  “Can they hear us, all the way from Ireland, then?”
“And this time, I figured I’d be ready.”  He met Tony’s eyes, his chin up.  “Staying in New York would’ve been too risky.  But I have some savings.  Enough to get us started somewhere else.”
“My parents were getting...  Threatening phone calls,” Callie said.  She paused, picking her way around a piece of concrete.  “'Cause of me.”  Clint looked back at her, and she stared at him, her face helpless.  “Because I'm a mutant.”
“Never, it’s StarkIndustries policy not to give into the demands of terrorists,” Tony started, and Steve hit him with the pillow.  This time, Tony was ready, and he grabbed hold of it, wrenching it free of Steve’s grip and swinging back in his direction.  Laughing, Steve ducked out of reach, sliding off the edge of the bed.  Tony flopped onto his side.  “You’re lucky,” he said, his voice muffled by the sheets, “that I’m naked.”
DJ peered at Steve's book, and Steve tipped it so he could see.  “You can read with me,” he offered, “but my book's not a good one.”
He looked down at her.  There was a scrape on her forehead, blood in her hair and on her temple, and her lip was split.  Her eyes were red and wet, but steady.  He gave her a grin.  “Enough room to stand up and enough room to move, if stuff starts coming down.  Nothing's on fire.  Water's not pouring down on us.  There's no...”  He paused.  “Ooze.  Or curds.  I've had worse.”  He shifted.  “You hurt?”
"How would you know?" Mackenzie said, leaning against the counter again, claiming the space.  Her long braids slid over her shoulder, heavy and dark and gleaming against the crisp blue of her apron.
Steve gave him a withering look. “He’s surprisingly slippery when he’s wet,” he said.  Steve was damp, too, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the knees of his pants soaked through.  His face was flushed, his hair wet, dripping over his forehead.  It should not have been attractive, but on him, it worked.
“I told him he should keep them.  Pawn them.  Make a mint,” Darcy said, scanning her phone to pay for her meal.
"Right," Steve said, his lips twitching.  He took a deep breath.  "I just wanted one nice dinner, Tony.  One.  Nice meal.  Alone.  Just..."  His voice trailed away, his shoulders slumping.  "Merry Christmas."
Obie leaned forward, his elbows braced on his knees.  Tony decided to ignore the way his cigar dripped ashes across the carpet.  “Anthony.  Have you considered what you’re going to do when his parents show up to collect him?”
“Not by a long shot.”  Pepper  pulled out a fifty dollar bill and held it out to Peter.  He stared at it, an expression of fear rolling over his face.  Pepper shook it.  “Take it.”
“I love you, I love you, I love you,” Tony said, repeating it until DJ cut the connection.  He let the tablet fall into his lap.  “Thanks a lot, Doctor Doolittle.”
He could see them now, Bucky’s big black horse a few lengths ahead of the others, but with T’Challa, Nakia and Sam forming a tight grouping behind him.  Steve stepped into the road, raising a hand in a wave.  It wasn’t as if Bucky could miss them, not with the way the road ran, but as soon as Steve stepped out of the shade, Bucky’s pace slowed, letting the others pass.  Steve watched, amused, as Bucky checked behind them for pursuers.
DJ looked at Clea, who was ripping pages out of a book.  They hovered in midair, reforming themselves into what might have been a completely different book.  “Will…  Will he be okay?” DJ asked.
“Cool.  Own it.” He reached for the remote.  “Jarvis, can you keep a small amount of forbidden media a secret?”
“My crush on Whitman is, sadly, going to go unrequited,” Steve said, amusement running through the words.  His fingers smoothed over Tony's hair, and Tony leaned into the contact.  “But if I end up with a time machine, you might have something to worry about, mister.”
Tony sighed.  “Not you, Charlie, you know who’s paying your bills.  And you’re not a coward.  I’ll warn you before she hits the lobby.”
She nodded.  “They’re safe,” she said.  “And as soon as we can, we will.”  Her hand fell back to her side, and the armor fell with it, clattering back to the floor.  “I swear it.”
Val's mouth went thin.  “And you were afraid of water,” she said, her knees coming up again.  The braid, abandoned, slid over her shoulder, the ends unraveling with the small movement.  Val buried her face behind her knees, her eyes peeking out over the top of them.
Stark studied him, his eyes narrowed.  Finally, he nodded, his chin dropping in a sharp nod.  "Fine," he said.  He ducked his head, pulling his gloves back on.  "Never let it be said that I didn't humor Miss Potts' horrible ideas."  He turned back to the billiard table, staring up at the damaged light fixture.  "Jarvis, find him a room."
DJ stared down at his water bottle.  “It’s my fault we’re here,” he said, and out of the corner of his eye, he saw Harris nod.
“We both know it wasn’t any of your doing,” she said, with a slight smile.  She was a matronly woman, tall and broad, with snow white hair swept up in a precise twist at the crown of her head, and tiny round spectacles perched on the end of her nose.  She had a stern stare, when she wanted to put someone in their place, but she was quick with praise and warm smiles.
"Hey!" Peter said, making a grab for the kite.  Stark sidestepped him and gave the thing a toss.  It floated across the grass, wobbling on its rapid downward path towards the ground.  Peter frowned at it, then at Stark.  "I did my best."
Miss Potts smiled at him.  "I think we all are," she said.  She stepped onto the stairs.  "Come on, it's warm down in the kitchen, and Clint always leaves a pot on."
“It may be,” she said. Hank was yelling upstairs, and Tony turned to look up the stairs.   Jan grabbed his elbow.  “I need your help.  I need fabric, Tony.”
Shaking his head, Steve headed down the stairs as the boys collected themselves and tumbled back towards the buckets, splashing water in all directions as they set themselves up for another run at the floor.
Sam stood next to him, also facing the elevator doors.  He leaned towards Steve.  “You’re thinking of how to ditch me right now, aren’t you?” he asked, sounding amused.
“Thank you.  I appreciate your discretion,” Jarvis said, placing a gentle hand on Peter’s back and nudging him towards the hall.  “Please tell your aunt that we will be down promptly at seven.”
“I mean, yeah, that’s true,” Rhodey said, wobbling a hand through the air.  “But I think every one of us that gets a new hair cut or tries a new way of dressing or, you know, gets a piercing or a tattoo, we all do want approval on that, don’t we?  We want someone to tell us we made a good choice, that we’ve got good taste, that we’re smart and classy and stylish, right?”
“Bruce, did you have a chance to look at the-”  Tony stopped short, peering over the top of his tablet.  “You’re not Bruce.”
She took a step forward, her head tipping towards his, and kissed him.  And judging by Sam’s reaction, he was kissing her right back.
He headed for the door, slipping the piece into his vest pocket.  “Now.  What were we talking about?”
“You just try.  Every day.  You try to be a bit better than you were the day before.  You might not manage it every single day, but we become better by striving for it.  You can.  And you will.”  Jarvis stood.  “I do know one thing.”
“You got something to say, Sam 'Made of Eggshells' Wilson?  Cause if I were you, I'd keep my mouth shut.”  With a wave, Luke ducked out of the room and was gone.
"I'm fine."  The words were forced out from pale, cracked lips, the sounds slurring into each other.  "I'm-" His head lolled forward, just for a second, but long enough.  Steve gave him a tiny shake, just jostling his arm, and Tony's head snapped back up.  "I'm fine," he repeated, and it was stronger this time.  But no more sure.
"There we go," Tony said, smiling at him.  "Much better.  You look-"  He waved a hand through the air, trying to find the right words.
Tony wrapped an arm around Steve's waist, waiting just long enough for Steve to throw an arm around his shoulders.  “Coulson?”
“That’s rich, coming from the fella who helped himself to the contents of my pockets,” Steve pointed out..
“Gotta put the car away, and then I’ve got watch,” Happy said.  His smile was tight.  “You aren’t the only one who doesn’t like strangers in our space.”
She nodded.  “There are secrets here,” she said.  “Some of which I still may not be aware of.  Perhaps that should bother me.”
"A fella came by here, an' we all knew he weren't right, we could tell.  If you saw him on the street, you'd cross t' get away from him, quick as you could, but ol' Hammer, he didn't listen t' us.  An' this fella, he was going to take little Mick, an' he's only six.  He's just a baby, Miss, an' none of us liked it.
“I want to go home,” Tony said.  “I want to be able to take us home.  Now.  Right this minute.  Ten minutes ago.  I want to be back in where I belong and I want to find some way to staple the kid’s feet to the floor so this doesn’t happen again, that’s what I want, and I’m not going to get it.”  Exhausted, he rubbed the back of his neck.  “I’m not going to get any of it, so let’s just…”  He tried to smile at Steve, and judging by the way Steve looked up at him, it wasn’t very successful.  “Can we just-”
Tony grinned back at him, feeling happier than he had in a long time.  He was pretty sure at least part of that was the drink he'd picked up at one of the stands lining the main square.  He wasn't sure what was in it, but it was definitely alcoholic.  Like a hot toddy, but stronger, and full of spices he wasn't used to.  But it was definitely very, very alcoholic.
Steve would take offense to that, but Tony hadn’t moved, hadn’t even tried to pull away.  Steve kissed the nape of his neck, the back of his shoulder, loving the way he could feel Tony’s muscles flex beneath the skin.  “Pretty sure this IS my side of the bed we’re both on.”
“Or more,” Natasha agreed.  She looked up as Clint wandered up behind her.  “Hello.  Want the rest of my potatoes?”
Tony's head came up, and his eyes met Steve's across the length of the studio. He was smiling, that familiar, perfect half smile. Steve's phone buzzed again, and he glanced down at it.
“You enjoy that a lot,” Tony said, and it was okay, because he was smiling, his face relaxed, and his eyes bright.  “I know.  I can tell that, there's certain signs that-”
“It worked,” Jess said, “and then you ran away.  You didn’t even fly.  You just-” She waved a hand through the air.  “It was a long way to the edge of the field, too, it was like 90 seconds of watching you flee from me.”
“I set all your meetings, so I can be fairly confident in saying no, you don’t,” Pepper said with a sugary sweet smile.  “Eleven. Be ready, or I’ll have Happy toss you in, suit and all.”
But Stark just grinned, his face alight with amusement.  “Want me to come over there?” he offered.  He leaned against the banister of the main staircase, his posture easy and relaxed.
Steve cupped a hand over his face.  “Fine.  Reset the board, and we’ll play.  Just-”  He peeked out from between his fingers.  “Stop talking.”
"It already HAS multiple meanings," Tony shot back.  One eyebrow arched.  "Most of them only borderline legal or moral."
“You’ve very observant,” Greer said, tugging him around the corner into the main room, where two long benches facing each other with floor to ceiling open lockers behind them.  It was a mirrored version of the men’s locker room, but less cluttered, and lacking that unfortunate stain on the ceiling.  Steve still didn’t know if Clint or Thor was responsible for that.
Tony's lips curled up.  “Mmm.” He shifted, his head burrowing a little deeper into his arms.  “Right.  Bed.”
"Because we're teaching Steve to dance," Natasha said, boosting herself onto the top of the pommel horse.
The stone steps seemed ominous somehow, looming in front of him, drawing him forward.  He put one foot on the bottom step and froze, suddenly aware of being watched.  He twisted around, glancing at the path behind him, and then up at the windows of the house.  Nothing moved.
“Yeah, but if you've gotta choose someone to be your first, Tony's a pretty good one to go with.”  He pushed Steve's hand down before he could make a worse mess of his hair.  “Right?”
"Yeah, but they took all the points with them," Ellen said, wiggling her fingers at him as she headed for the elevator. "Gonna take your money."
“Mr. Stane,” Steve said.  His eyes darted from Tony to Obie and back, but he followed May out of the room.
She looked at him, her eyes narrowed.  She looked at Steve.  “I don't want to know,” she said, grabbing a couple of boxes and heading for the door.  Resigned, Steve picked up a box of sketchbooks and followed her.
Tony pushed himself up on one elbow.  “Kid?”  DJ looked at him.  “I love you.  And when we get home, you’re grounded for the rest of your natural and robotic life.”
“You got it,” Tony said.   He pushed himself to his feet and dusted off the seat of his pants.  “Do you want to go watch the movie now?”  He held out a hand, and DJ took it, his grip surprisingly strong.
She stopped, her mouth going tight, and it was Natasha who continued.  “Who knew you’d stumble into a completely different trap on the way to ours?” she asked, her voice bright.
Steve let his hands drop to his sides. “Please,” he said, his head falling forward “Please help me.”
“I’m going to say words no one has ever said in this bar, and which no one ever expected to hear from me,” Clint said, leaning back on his chair.  “Do you get CSpan?  And can we watch it?”
And scattered between the books were toys.  Big metal tops, painted in bright colors.   Boxes of wooden blocks.  Tin soldiers, arranged in neat lines, complete with figures on horseback and tiny wheeled canons.  Toy cars and trains, their metallic wheels gleaming even under a layer of dust.  Wooden boats with ornate cloth sails and string rigging.  A huge glass jar filled with marbles in a hundred different colors and patterns.
“I plan on ignoring them,” Tony said.  “Which takes some work, with Barton, and a lot of work with Thor, but-”  He nodded.  “Just you and me and a lot of background noise.”
“It's only 'not a reception' when Tony is listening, I see no point in pretending otherwise,” Jan told her.  To Steve, she said, “You don't HAVE to dance, I'm not going to force you into a first dance or anything like that, not unless you want to, honey.”
“No,” Tony said, without missing a beat, and Steve laughed.  It was true, though.  He wanted to stay here.  Right here.  In this room.  With Steve.  “Want to order pizza?”  He shifted his weight, his hands going to his hips.  “We can watch a movie or something?”
Tony reached out, gripping Bruce’s shoulder.  “Go get some sleep, Bruce.  I’ll see you in a few days.”
Benito looked at Harris.  “What?” Harris asked.  Benito gestured at Darcy with his knife.  Harris shrugged.  “Don’t look at me, man, I’m not de-graping her fruit salad either.”
"Stop flexing, Thor," Jane said.  He grinned at her, and she flipped the end of a strip of silk at him.  "Or I'll tell them you should be in puce."
Tony was smiling and he didn't know why.  He folded his arms on the railing in front of him.  “What if I say no?”
“I know.”  The words were soft.  Gentle.  Tony opened his eyes, and Jarvis was standing in front of him, a steaming bowl cradled in one hand.
“Yeah, well, don’t say I’ve never done anything for you,” Steve said, heading for the closet.  A moment later, he was heading for the door, shrugging the sweatshirt into place.  He pushed the front door open and came to screeching halt.
“You were asleep under the greenhouse tables,” Natasha said.  “You're lucky I didn't turn on the sprinkler system.
Greer’s big, golden eyes blinked. “And I’d like to kiss you, but I’d understand if that’s not-” Her nose wrinkled.  “If that puts pressure on you.  So a kiss on the cheek if you’d like to let me down easy, and a kiss on the lips if you’d like to join me for dinner?”
The fountain was running, as well as it ever had, water spilling from the mouths of the ornate carvings of the fish into the shell-shaped basin below.  The water burbled, soft and gentle, swirling against the marble, catching the rays of the early morning sunshine.   In front of the fountain, sheltered from the light and the noise of the great hall, there was a large, plush red velvet loveseat, piled high with pillows, that still smelled, ever so faintly of his mother's magnolia perfume.
Steve looked at Natasha, not sure what to say.  “Maybe make him some fried eggs and bacon?” she said to Clint.  She gave Steve a once over, her eyes sliding over him.  “And some potatoes?”
“No, she's giving me such a disapproving look right now,” Tony said.  More murmurs.  “She says that you don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with, and I'm an ass for pressuring you.”
Stane’s teeth flashed.  “And kill him.  I know where your little pet cop has gone.  If there’s any justice to the world, Hammer’ll take care of him, too.”
At the front door, Steve was talking in hushed tones with an older black man.  The old man leaned heavily on a cane, his broad shoulders hunched a bit with age.  His head was bare, showing off his close cropped, bright white hair, but a red, white and blue scarf was tied in a jaunty knot at his throat.  Behind him, a young man, probably barely out of his teens, was leaning up against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest, a faint smile creasing his wide, handsome face.  He was wearing a matching scarf, but his was just thrown over his shoulders, the ends trailing down over his chest.
“No matter what you do right now,” Marcy said, “it's not going to play well with someone.  The question you have to ask yourself is what side you're going to come down on, Tony.  The bigots are going to vilify you and boycott you if you stay married, if you legitimize this-”
DJ’s mouth worked, but he couldn’t seem to manage a word.  Instead, he just nodded, his face exhausted.  Tony considered him.  “What happened?”
“Shut up and drink your beer, Rogers,” he said.  He reached for one of the pizza boxes.  God, he hadn't realized how hungry he was until he'd smelled it.  Steve handed him a plate, and Tony helped himself to a slice, over flowing with chunks of sausage and thinly sliced onions and peppers.  “So, what are we doing here?  You picked a movie yet?”
He arched away from the wall, his hips grinding against Steve's.  “Let's go back to your place,” he said, his voice throaty and low.
“In general, or because of this specific mess?” Clint asked.  He raised his arm so the medic could finish patching him up.  “Because I've always known that I'm going to end up in jail eventually, Commander.  So really, the fact that I'd be facing a federal judge telling 'em that the reason that I was there was because I kept a government asset from killing a teenager?”
Bracing his back against the wall, he dug his phone out of his pocket.  There were half a dozen text notifications, and he ignored every one of them without so much as a second thought.  He’s pay for that later, he just knew it, but at the moment, he really didn’t care.
“A proper string of pearls is knotted between each one,” Tony pointed out, “but knowing you, you’d find a way.”  The wool that lined Steve’s jacket was soft and warm, and it held his scent.  “Fine.  Silk then, bolts of it, or lace in patterns so intricate you could stare at it for hours and not see everything in it.  In colors you’ve never dreamed of.”
Mrs. Parker smiled down at the apple in her hand.  “Oh, yes.  I’ve heard it.  Several times.”  She paused.  “Before I believed it.” She set another peeled apple onto the pile.  “Well?”
“He’s already signed for our Food Truck Fridays segment,” Allison said.  She held the phone in Tony’s direction.  “Do you have a statement?”
Ty flicked another pea at his brother, and this one pinged off of the top of Justin’s head.  He didn’t respond, but his shoulders twitched, a silent flinch.  “Give it up, he’s hopeless,” he said, and Obie snatched the spoon out of his hand.
Obie’s booming voice made DJ flinch, and brought Tony’s head around.  Obie ducked around the corner of the staircase, squinting at them. “I’d forgotten that this little nook existed,” he said, with a broad grin.  “Could not figure out where your voice was coming from.”
"I'm ALMOST ten," Val said.  Her foot thumped into the side of the workbench, and DJ measured the swing of her leg, anticipating the next impact, trying to fit it into the pattern of their breathing and their work.  Sometimes that was easy.  Today, it wouldn't quite fit.  He frowned down at his work, trying to figure out what was missing.
His knee bumped Tony’s, Tony’s elbow bounced off of his shoulder, and Steve let himself fall backwards, Tony going right along with him.  Lying flat on his back, Tony on top of him, he struggled to breathe.  “Three steps,” he managed.  “Three steps to go around the end, and you had to jump it?”
“The last thing I need is someone else grumbling at me.”  Tony flipped through the pages  of the small notebook, the book braced on one knee, and Steve’s eyes narrowed.
DJ scrambled down from his chair, bouncing across the patio.  Mrs. Parker knelt down next to him, collecting the marbles that rolled out of his reach.  “Thank you, dear.”
The photographer grinned around the matchstick in his mouth.  “Don't ya want to be in the papers, kid?” He leaned an arm over his camera and tripod.  “C'mon.  Everyone wants to be in the papers.”
“Think I can handle that,” he said, spreading his arms.  She wrapped her arms around his waist, burying her face in his shoulder.  Steve patted her gently on the back.  “We'll do everything we can to protect him, you know that, right?  To protect all of them.”
“See that you do,” Aunt May called after him, because he was already scrambling past Jarvis, taking the stairs two at a time.  The wooden steps, worn smooth by all those who had gone before him, were cold against his bare feet.  Behind him, he could hear Jarvis and Aunt May still talking, their voices echoing down the staircase, mingling with the sound of his footsteps.
“Pizza,” Tony said, just to make him laugh.  “And an order of garlic knots.”  He stopped.  “Or two.”
“Still very bad,” Tony agreed.  “But he’s back now, safe and sound.”  His eyes slid in Steve’s direction, his face unreadable.  “But time to ring for-”
“He was brilliant,” Obie said.  “And unlike many brilliant, technical men, he never let anyone take advantage of him.  He made money for himself.  For his family.  For his legacy.  He raised this family from next to nothing to a powerhouse in a single generation.  He was-”
“Of course!” Jan said, as DJ nodded.  “She’s very nice and she loves me and she loves you, Tony!  She loves you and wants you to be happy!”
Peter’s head swung back towards DJ’s room, visible now as the door swung drunkenly on its hinges.  A glance, that’s all he allowed himself, but that was all he needed.  The bed had been upended, the blankets and sheets trailing across the floor, the doors to the wardrobe thrown open, the closet emptied out onto the floor.
The cottage was a small stone building with a heavy thatch roof, with clouded glass windows and a rather off-kilter chimney.  It had a certain charm, with walls covered in ivy and the overgrown garden behind the tumbledown stone walls.  The wooden gate to they yard had only one working set of hinges, and Steve had to give it a firm shove to get it open.
"It was ONE TIME," Rogers said, with a perfectly straight face, but there was a pronounced twinkle in his eye, and his feet were moving faster now, a little looser, a little more natural.  As if he was relaxing into his own body, into the music.
Clint moved so fast that Tony could barely track it.  One second, he was propped up against the doorframe of the bedroom, the next, Tony’s hand was empty, and Clint was dropping into a chair, his face buried in the cup.  He drained it in two long swallows, and then his head fell back with a sigh.
The office was so quiet that Tony could hear the slow, steady click of the clock on the wall.  He glanced at it.  “That’s possible.  Anything is, after all.”  He set his coffee cup down.  “However, it’s far more likely that if they are even less able to take care of him than they were when the left him behind.  Which, by my calculations, was years before the stock market crash.  Years before the world went straight to hell.
“I’m not-” The door crashed open behind him, and Harris jerked around, the broom coming up to ward off the newest threat.
Tony made a disapproving sound under his breath.  He rolled over, onto his uninjured side, but he kept hold of Steve’s hand, dragging him along with him.  Startled, Steve allowed himself to be tugged into place, and when the settled, he found himself tucked up against Tony’s back, his arm resting on Tony’s waist, just below his bandages.
“No,” Steve bit out.  The locker room was empty, and he was grateful for that small mercy.  Sam ducked around him, and Steve jerked to a stop.  He took a deep breath, and let it out from between clenched teeth.  “Sam.  I'm about to go hit something, as hard as I possibly can, and if you don't want it to be you, I'd suggest you back the hell off.”
“Like I said, we’re going for the good stuff,” Bobbi said, the words echoing through the Great Hall.  She looked over at him, one eyebrow cocked.  “That’s what ‘asked you to join him for a drink’ means.  It means, meet him at the still, because, well, that’s where we hide it.”
“No matter how fast I go, can’t seem to get away, or catch up,” Steve said.  He glanced at Sam.  “Stuck.  Somewhere in the middle, I guess.”
He leaned forward. "You can focus on looking back, if you insist. But I'm looking at what is yet to come, and the things we have to leave behind, if we want to move forward. All of us." He smiled. "Together."
“I dislike your secrets,” Tony said, the words muffled in the side of Steve’s throat, and he shuddered.
Tony shook him off.  “Excuse me, this is not your kitchen, Rogers, you-” He waved a hand in Steve’s direction.  “Stay there.  Look pretty.”
“Shouldn’t have put on the music,” Pepper said, her voice breezy.  “It reminded me I needed a break.”
The world shifted around him, and he could hear Steve’s voice, the words a blur of sound, and he blinked hard.  Steve’s face came into focus in front of him, and Tony tried to smile.  “I think I need…  To eat something,” he said.
“I can do it,” Peter said.  She looked at him, her mouth a thin line, and he rushed on before she could stop him.  “His room’s on the other side of the house, he’s probably still asleep, right?” He looked at Jarvis.  “You can go down and, and talk to Mr. Stark, and Aunt May, you can call Miss Potts, she and Mr. Rhodes know who to call at the factories, don’t they?  And then when you’ve talked to her, you can come get DJ, but if DJ’s asleep, I can just stay with him, make sure that if he DOES wake up, he won’t be scared, but if he’s still asleep, why not let him sleep, and-”
Rhodes looked up, his face puzzled.  “What?” He glanced over, and his expression relaxed into a smile.  “Oh, hello there.  Where did you come from?”
“Please get the FUCK out of my kitchen,” he said, and this time, people started stumbling, zombielike and awkward, towards the door.  Tony leaned up against his station, his water bottle clutched in a hand that he told himself absolutely wasn’t shaking, waiting for them to empty out of the kitchen.
"Yes, Chef."  And just like that, she was working, her hands flying over the station, so fast that they were almost a blur.
Steve nodded.  "Is there much of a market for that right now?" he asked, curiosity overwhelming him.
“Candid.  Someone snapped a picture of him at the flower market, it's all over the place now.  Amateur, but someone either got lucky, or has a natural sense of composition, cause it's pretty good.”
