“Peter,” Tony said. “Hey.”
have been insulted by the prospect that he
It's a Madriporean edition of a western newspaper, and doesn't tell Steve much that he didn't already know, but it gives him a means of looking busy and avoiding conversation with any of his fellow diners. He doesn't bother asking anyone about Tony or anything else he's after, on his way out.
Steve felt suddenly naked even through the multiple layers of clothing he wore; embarrassment warred with purpose as Steve fought not to let his discomfort show.
“Then count me in,” Thor said. He was now Steve’s new favorite.
"You know I have to be different, Steve." Tony tosses the repulsor aside and reaches up to grab Steve by his collar. "Now come here and kiss me before I pass out."
She laughed, short, sharp, and obviously startled. Stared at his hand for a second, like it might bite, before she put hers in his and shook it. Her fingers were cold but her handshake was firm. “Natasha Stark. A pleasure to meet you.”
"Thanks," he said.
showed up in
The Infinity Formula did far more than banish Zemo from Tony's mind; it healed his entire body, with the exception of the metal and glass that covers Tony's heart, where the flesh and bone have long since been stripped away.
“No, no, it’s ...” Tony shakes his head and holds his hand out for the comic again. “Have you read it, yet?”
"Stop here," Steve says. "I'll walk the rest of the way."
As they pulled out of the driveway, Steve was jostled from his thoughts, and he turned his attention to the street. As he had grown accustomed to, it was quiet and mostly empty. But there, on the opposite side of Tony's house from last time, was that same dark sedan. This time the engine didn't seem to be running, and Steve couldn't see anyone inside, but he knew it was the same car.
to sound sassy. “
"Why did you call me here?" Namor asks immediately, cutting directly to the chase.
Which was why he found himself standing on a rooftop at four in the morning, muttering to himself about what a stupid idea this was, about how Steve wasn’t even going to show, when there came the sound of boots softly thudding onto the roof behind him.
That, Steve thought, felt even worse, taking the time to build an acquaintanceship, even a friendship, with someone, while knowing you were doing so under false pretenses. Thinking he would never see the other person again did not ease his conscience in the doing.
anyone?” he asked patiently.
"Come on, punk," he says. "Let's go see if there's any coffee. If I've got to drink another cup of tea, I'm gonna skip it and go straight to whiskey."
Steve smiled back over his shoulder. “With all this blocking the way? You can guard the entrance. The room is just over there, and it looks empty from here.”
“It’s not gold, either,” Tony sniffs.
Agent Barton shifted in his chair. "Why would a rich kid like that go into hiding in the middle of nowhere?"
Steve is beginning to believe that smart alec scientists are to be the bane of his existence. "You didn't tell anyone where you were going, sir. There are people who are worried about you."
Steve stood up and followed him, though he was conscious to stay back a couple of steps, out of Tony's personal space. "So," he said awkwardly. "Why teaching?"
Steve shrugged. "I'm pretty sure we're the only ones awake."
Iron Man went after Stark Industries ever so often, to throw SHIELD and the Squadron Supreme off the scent, and it helped Tony’s cover that to date, his civilian persona had been victim to various other villains. Black Widow stole some pieces he had on loan to a museum, Hawkeye had driven off in one of Tony’s cars, and Tony’s own personal bank accounts lost tens of thousands of dollars some months ago to the hacker, Falcon. Thor probably didn’t know it, but Tony also owned stock in the oil company with which Thor had recently taken up such a beef.
“If all my working sessions were like this, my company would go bankrupt,” Tony joked.
Steve shrugs. "This place is centrally located, and it's a hotbed of terrorist activity. I'm surprised you managed to keep yourself out of trouble as long as you did."
"Truth serum," Tony lies. "He was trying to get information from me. I suppose I had a bad reaction."
"That it is." Pepper gives him an arch look. "You know, a lot of men and women alike would hate to think that they didn't get credit for their many accomplishments."
“Sergeant Barnes, I’m truly touched by your concern,” Tony says, at the same time Steve says, “Bucky!”
Steve returns five minutes - or maybe even fewer - after Tony, but he stubbornly declines to comment on his reasons for lingering behind.
"Hmm?"
"Does it feel a little better now?" Steve asked.
Tony Stark ... it’s a lot.”
Steve bites down on his reflexive reaction to Namor's derision of Pepper; the two of them locked horns repeatedly during their service together in the war over the very subject. Namor was an old sailor, who thought women had no place on a ship, much less carrying on with the sort of adventures that Pepper embarked on as part of the
"I can convince them you went down with a fight," she answers.
Steve shivered, but gave up the struggle, mostly because his vision was sliding slowly toward the left, the more effort he put into moving. He spent a moment staring upward, over the woman’s shoulder; the sky was dark, he thought at first, but he soon realized the shade was coming from the canopy of trees stretched overhead.
Tony smirks. "I'm sorry to disappoint, Commander."
"I don't know how to thank you for such a well-written piece," Steve says.
"You bet you would," Tony answered, grinning back. He swung himself out of the bed, and padded toward the en suite. "I need a shower. You gonna join me?"
“Well, I
Natasha Stark received a phone call from General Nicholas J. Fury, asking her to serve her country.
Of course, among other things about Tony, he was a genius, and he caught on after a few seconds that Steve's mind had wandered ... again.
nervous, but he did feel strangely light, a mixture of what was probably anticipation and the thrill of the events of the night prior catching up to him. Delayed adrenaline rush, if there was such a thing; Steve wasn't intent on dwelling, either. He kissed Tony again, and was heartened to feel Tony beginning to touch him again. Tony ran his hands over Steve's chest, down his abdomen, and stopped at the waistband of his jeans only briefly before Tony thumbed open the fly and pulled down the zipper.
Steve finds the house number he's looking for, and spends a little time skulking around the street before he simply walks up to the front door and knocks. Peggy would probably have a heart attack if she could see Steve's straightforward approach to spy work.
"It was --" Iron Man grunted. "-- for a good cause!" He'd only donated a cow in someone's name, eesh. How was that naughty?
Steve's flush darkened, and he looked away, clearly self-conscious.
Steve takes a deep breath, fighting with his own gut instinct between trusting her and doubting everything she has to say. But it seems an awfully elaborate ruse, and every second he teeters on the decision is another second Tony has to spend in the hands of the enemy.
"Clint," Steve said. "Is something going on?"
Steve ducked his head. "I understand," he said. "I'll just ... get out of your hair, then."
Whoever was inside the armor really was a genius.
"Besides." Natasha smiled. "It's Christmas Eve, and I'm going to cook dinner, and then we're all going to eat dinner and be happy."
," Clint answered. "Seen it?"
The sleeping Thor, Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, and
"I'm not saying you should have sex with him," she went on. "Just that if he flirts, you should be prepared to flirt back. Coulson probably knew that Stark has a type, and - well, you're it. Probably we're both it."
Steve wants to look to Agent Drew for some signal or cue, but he knows better than to give up her cover. He can do this alone, if he needs to; he allowed himself to be captured by the Red Skull, back in the war; he can sure as hell fight his way past some two-bit Hydra leftovers.
Steve swallows hard. "He wouldn't talk to you."
They were quiet as they got dressed upon waking, and Steve paused at the ramp of the jet to give Tony a kiss for luck before the faceplate closed and they boarded the plane. They went over the plan one more time for good measure, then Steve hid himself away in the back of the cabin for dramatic effect.
Steve was a little startled by the invitation, but took it as a good sign. Tony seemed friendly, and Steve had just presented himself as a future co-worker.
"Believe me," Steve said, feeling some of the color receding from his face again, "I wouldn't mind trading places."
They'd not had time, just then, to take advantage of Steve's admitted interest. But when Tony got back from his round of meetings that afternoon, Steve had convinced him to keep on the suit, at least for a little while longer than usual.
“Ice cream in bed?” Tony asked. He sat up, ruffling a hand through his hair.
“I saw something,” Tony said, his eyebrows twitching together. “Today, with the Squadron.”
Tony could have changed that any time he liked, Steve thought to himself; he could have called or come to visit or even sent a message. Instead, Tony’s solution to missing Steve - and any of the other Avengers - had been patently
“It’s a shame,” Bucky adds. “I was looking forward to meeting your pirate friend.”
He was careful in trudging his way back to the house, through the snow blanketing the ground that had hardened and become icy since the sun went down. Steve got back inside and found many of the kids - and their parents - were packing up to leave. By the time they had all filed out, the remaining party was adults, and someone cheerfully declared the beginning of "after hours!" before the music cranked up.
The house came furnished, though he and Natasha had spent some time the day before making it look more personal. Steve had a few photos sitting around, though they were all modern, nothing that would give him away, along with one manipulated shot of himself in modern Army uniform, against a desert backdrop with several soldiers he didn't actually recognize. He supposed, if anyone ever saw it and questioned him about it, he would have to make something up.
Steve was a wonderful kisser, a little bit shy at first but always confident and sure once he found his bearings. He seemed to know instinctively when to break for air, and where to put his hands, or how to tilt his head for the best angle, and Tony always felt dazed in the best of ways when it was over. He knew, objectively, that it was the endorphins, the dopamine and oxytocin leaving him happy and pliant, but he didn’t care about the why of it, exactly.
"Thanks." Tony headed toward his car. "You aren't half bad yourself, Steve. I have to admit, out of everyone I could've asked to go with me tonight, you're by far the best looking."
Through their multiversal adventures, the other iterations of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark they have seen or heard about have not always been on good terms with each other. Then again, in their
When Steve emerged into the living room, Clint and Natasha were passed out on the sofa, leaning against each other, bathed in the flickering glow of the television set where the movie queue was inexplicably still going. Steve glanced at the TV - the current feature seemed to involve a family having a really disastrous holiday - then draped a blanket over the two of them.
“Of course not.” Tony waved a hand dismissively. “It’ll have a fancier name for a useless prop ... and a reputation of being the only weapon strong enough to take out Hyperion, which should be good enough to attract Thor or the Hulk - or, if we’re lucky, both.”
Tony cringes away from the light like it burns. He looks bleary and hungover, with dark circles under his eyes and his hair tousled. "Inhumane," he declares.
"Think we're looking at Asgardian trickery, Cap?"
Tony had only been casting about for another topic of conversation, and her reaction put him a little on edge. "Is this about to lead into a shovel talk?" he asked warily. "Because I'm not really -"
"Former military," Tony went on. "Suspiciously uninformed on pop culture knowledge. I had you pegged for SHIELD from about the second time I saw you, but -
Steve glanced around to see if recognition dawned on the faces of the other agents, but Natasha and Clint were blank. There was something familiar about the man in the photo, with his dark hair and eyes, and neatly trimmed goatee, but Steve couldn't quite put his finger on it.
Tony sits, and another pair of the soldiers drag his hands behind his back, tying them behind the chair.
And yet, even while telling Steve not to blame himself, Tony can't help but wonder if things might have been different if the Iron Man and War Machine were not preoccupied with von Strucker.
"Yes," Tony answers.
"Exactly," Coulson said. "I haven't been able to do much more than keep an eye on him. He evidently isn't the type to warm up to an authority figure, so my hope is that a fellow teacher might do the trick."
Steve plummeted from the tower with no time to think about the landing that awaited him, then a pair of strong, red-and-gold-armored, hands caught him.
Across the way, things were starting to get a little rowdy, as the teachers all started to get a bit
Steve resolutely turned away, trying not to eavesdrop. The rest of the team didn’t seem to be paying attention, but it was hard for Steve not to
Steve takes a deep breath and summons a smile. "It'll be fine. You know you can trust me to get the job done."
Steve sits up and rubs his hands over his face, stifling the sigh that comes bubbling up his throat. He isn't so naive as to have assumed all their problems would be solved after spending the night together, but he can't help feeling a bit betrayed that Tony left before they even had the chance to speak to each other.
Steve smiled, pleased beyond words that Tony was willing to open himself up to such vulnerability. “I love you, too, Tony.”
Steve tossed the condom and grabbed tissues (which Tony never seemed to have on hand!) to clean them both up as best he could, then put the lube away before turning to address the problem of getting his very boneless boyfriend (could he use that word now?) under the covers.
“Tell me about him?” Steve asked. “I don’t mind listening.”
If sex between them typically ended in something like an explosion, then this was a sweet release in comparison, and all the more intense for that fact. Steve was relaxed and boneless as he rode out his orgasm, murmuring soft encouragements to Tony to keep moving.
"We still have the house, right?" Steve asked. "No one will look for him there."
"Anthony," Jarvis said, his tone quiet but insistent enough to compel Tony to look up. "I believe you'll do great things. You'll find a way of helping people with your robotics and your ideas; you needn't build weapons to leave a mark on the world."
Steve couldn't blame him; Steve himself had been
"But why didn't you tell me?" Steve asks again.
," Tony says around a gasp, taking a moment to adjust.
Steve found his way into a quieter corner, sat down, and - after a moment's consideration - pulled out his phone to resume his game of Tiny Robots.
"I'm sorry. I think we've had a misunderstanding," Steve said. He didn't mean it to sound like a question, but he couldn't keep his confusion from showing. He stepped closer to Tony, and tentatively placed his hands on Tony's shoulders. "The point I was trying to make in the elevator is that I know you're Iron Man, just like I'm Captain America ... but when we're together, like this, we can just be Steve and Tony.
"Early," Steve answers. "Go back to sleep if you want."
Steve laughed softly at Tony’s dubious look. “I looked into the Hulk, as well. For someone of his size and power, he seems to be oddly careful about not hurting anyone.”
“But now you don’t have to be.” Steve removed his glove and held out his right hand. “Partners?”
The broad smile on Steve's face draws Tony’s attention away from his work, and Tony takes a step back from the armor, pushing his goggles up to his head.
, either, beyond a vague mention that made it sound as if Tony had been injured on an adventure.
and left it in a shoebox in my closet.”
"We depart at 0500," Namor announces, his tone dismissive. "Don't be late, or I'll leave without you."
," he said.
Peggy's expression shifts, and Steve's heart sinks.
"Not in so many words," said Tony. "He knew I didn't trust him ... spook got spooked from the beginning."
He expected Steve to be on the defensive, but the shield remained strapped to the Captain’s back.
Steve reached between them and, one-handed, unfastened his pants; Tony would have been jealous of the dexterity, if he wasn’t distracted looking at Steve’s cock. Tony wanted to move, wanted to speed things up, maybe get his mouth on Steve, but Steve kept his grip on Tony’s hip and held him in place, apparently intent on taking his time and guiding their progress, and … well, Tony
Steve sat up on his knees and tugged his sweater over his head; he was still sporting some heavy bandages from the hospital, but he felt only a little sore as he stretched out his arms.
Steve leaned over and kissed Tony softly on the corner of the mouth. “Makes it a little less embarrassing that Iron Man is mine, I suppose.”
"... no?"
," Tony admitted, laughing softly.
"I'd be happy to show Anthony over there," Steve says, smiling. "It's a nice day, we could even walk."
Peggy walks over to the table and rests her hand on Steve's shoulder. "We haven't ruled out the possibility that he may be working
After a little while, the door quietly creaked open behind Tony and Jarvis walked in. He always seemed to know just when Tony had had enough of his own company, when to show up and say or do exactly the right thing.
"No." Steve shook his head, looking up to smile at Tony. "I mean, it sort of did before a few minutes ago," he admitted.
Tony’s hand worked its way up from Steve’s hip, rucking up the hem of Steve’s t-shirt as he went. Steve tensed with anticipation as Tony’s fingertips skimmed over his stomach and back down, barely past the waistband of Steve’s pants. This was the slowest he could recall them ever taking things when Steve wasn’t the one holding the reins; Tony usually let impatience get the better of him, driven by the need for release. Maybe a good night’s sleep, or a near death experience, was enough to change that.
Steve felt like he had just come in mid-conversation and missed part of what was going on. "You built this when you were a teenager?"
Tony shrugged. "Then I got into robots. No offense."
"Is it a good idea for me to be seen in public here?" Anthony wonders.
“On the condition that they’re actually Halloween costumes,” Steve said. They stepped from the training room and headed down the hallway to the lift, and he pressed the button for the penthouse. “Not that I don’t trust you, but when Hawkeye wore my uniform, it took me hours to get the coffee stains out of my pants.”
"Your identity here hasn't been compromised," Steve said carefully.
Steve strips out of his bloodied clothes and gets into the shower, letting the hot water rinse away the rest of the blood. He hangs his head under the shower spray once he's clean, and thinks about the encounter again.
"God, Steve," he said. "Always prepared. Such a boy scout."
"Sure," Tony agreed, and nearly knocked over his coffee in surprise when Steve moved in and braced his hands on either side of the counter so that his arms were bracketing Tony.
Fury gave Tony the standard rundown, a lecture about Stane that involved mostly things of which Tony was already aware, and he concluded by noting arrangements would be made for their transport as soon as the weather broke. SHIELD would secure accommodations for Tony in the city, and alert those of their operatives who had been working inside Stark Industries as an insurance policy.
They make Tony get out of the armor, of course, and there isn't much argument he can make at gunpoint. The soldiers load up the armor, divvying up pieces of Tony's beloved, if broken, Iron Man to carry as they march him inside. Tony's ankle protests the walk, and he's freezing outside of the armor, but he refuses to allow his discomfort to show.
"Good." Tony gets to his feet. He looks neither worried nor relieved. "Extradition is something that simply isn't done in Madripoor, you see. You might have had to sling me over your shoulder and carry me back."
"Mm ... yeah, Cap?" Tony called, making an effort to sound more awake, and probably failing miserably.
"No spoilers," Steve said, grinning back. "I know you developed it, but did you write it, too?"
Clint plunked a mug of coffee down in front of Steve, and leaned against the counter to nurse one of his own. "Find out anything new?"
"Wanna get some air?" Tony asked. His expression suggested he might have a little more in mind than air, maybe some things that didn't actively involve a lot of breathing.
“Who ...” he began, then paused, worry for his partner surfacing to the forefront of his addled mind. “Iron Man?”
“I took a lot of things personally,” he said, “these last few days.”
"Good morning," she said around a yawn.
Tony snorted softly. "Clearly he does. He tried to have me
Director Fury swept out of the room, evidently having made an appearance just to impress the importance of the situation upon those in attendance. Steve had seen the behavior before in his superiors during the war, but found himself at a bit of a loss. He wasn't cut out for undercover work.
Tony reminded himself that that was probably just a coincidence.
Tony glanced around the space until he spotted Rhodey and Pepper speaking to one another with a board member on the opposite end. He shrugged before grabbing a glass of water off a nearby server’s tray. As he made his way over to Pepper and Rhodey, Tony turned around again to make sure Steve wasn’t around, feeling himself relax a bit more.
Once out in the corridor, Tony vigorously began scrolling through his contacts.
Peter giggled as he struggled to put the mask on Tony right side up. Tony took over and donned the mask himself, making a face at Steve who was still laughing uncontrollably from the scene.
Tony questioned, thinking back to his conversation with Sam at the event as he rocked back and forth on his heels.
“So,” Loki began with a shrug, “can I safely assume that I could receive some sort of immunity for helping you all? I’m putting my life on the line here.”
Steve nodded, sticking one finger into Tony as he looked down at him. Tony was looking up at him, moaning quietly. Steve pushed into him further, feeling around before easing up. He felt himself getting hard from just touching Tony like this.
Tony sighed as he hung his head. “I should have called you, Steve…I’m so sorry…” he then slowly lifted his head to look at Steve whose expression looked heartfelt.
Steve followed in suit, fumbling as he dressed. He followed Tony down the hallway at a ways away until Tony knocked on Peter’s bedroom door.
“Would you like anything to drink?” Steve asked; his expression was soft.
“Something’s not right…” He said so quietly that Steve almost didn’t hear him.
Tony smiled wearily as he rubbed his chest. “Thanks, but I haven’t asked yet, so there’s a high probability that he’ll tell me to fuck off.”
Steve looked at the chip before looking back up at Tony. “Are you sure? Why not Dr. Banner?”
Steve took his time before responding. “I’ll only do the promotional tour if Tony comes along. He and I are a team.”
Steve walked over to rest near Natasha. “I’m good.”
Tony was in the process of tucking Peter into his bed, still feeling woozy from finally having Steve over to meet his son. He couldn’t believe how well the dinner went and he even managed not to have a panic attack.
Tony closed his eyes as he told himself to breathe deeply.
Tony reached for Obadiah’s hand, shoving it off his shoulder. “Don’t you ever fucking touch me, Obie.”
Steve sat rigid on the bed, too paralyzed to answer back. He tried to remind himself that J.A.R.V.I.S. was just a computer, but as the thought bounced around in his head, it brought him to the realization that he was in Tony’s bedroom.
“No,” Thanos started, grinning widely which accentuated the scar on his chin, “I have a better job for you.”
“Okay…” Steve started, “please talk to me when you’re ready, okay?”
Obadiah nodded at Steve as he began to close his door. Steve barely responded verbally as he turned around to head down the corridor, noting so himself, again, to be on the lookout for similar behavior from Obadiah in the future.
Loki used the empty service corridors to get to Steve and Tony’s lab. However, he was amazed that the few people he did run into didn’t seem to recognize him, annoying him greatly.
“Oh, and this is Sharon.” Steve motioned behind himself to a nicely dressed woman that was standing behind them.
Once the elevator arrived, Tony walked aimlessly back to the kitchen, slumping back down on the same stool. He turned the envelope over once more before tossing it across the top of the island.
Tony shuffled so that he was lying directly on top of Steve again. He looked downward at him sweetly, stroking the back of his neck.
Bruce’s expression quickly changed. “Shit, Tony…I’m so sorry…”
“We have way too many people on the board who would also resign if we pushed him out. We can’t risk that, especially after having started this new project.”
“Turn it up.” Rhodey sang once more.
The obvious positive outcome of the implosion resulted in the destruction of the mysterious explosive, which perished under the weight of the Synergy device. However, one of the negative outcomes resulted in the Stark Industries board—in a last-minute, rushed memo sent to the team after they cleaned up the mess—deciding to postpone the Synergy program until Tony and Bruce figured out how to rebuild the device with new safety measures.
Steve smiled to himself, looking back at the bed, still thinking about Tony.
Tony moved the hand on Steve’s ass to the front of Steve’s body, finding his semi-hard cock before stroking it gently. Steve nodded again, letting a moan escape as Tony took his time.
Tony used the towel on his shoulders to run through his hair a few times before throwing it back toward the bathroom door.
Tony looked away again before facing Pepper. Her expression was soft, and he could feel that she was doing her best to sympathize with his worries. He breathed deeply before peeking at his phone to see if he had received any messages from Steve. And of course, there was nothing.
Tony nodded as he swallowed a lump that had formed in his throat from his emotions wreaking havoc on his psyche.
Bruce shook his head. “He didn’t call you? He’s hanging out at home today.”
Tony groaned as he rolled his eyes dramatically. “Would you like to, uh, have dinner with me and Peter next week? Like Wednesday night?” He laughed quietly to himself, “I just realized you haven’t met him yet.” He tried, shrugging a little with his arms stretched out.
“Let’s try to go about this as quietly as possible, okay? We don’t want to draw any more attention to ourselves than we have to.”
Tony shook his head, recoiling as Steve continued toward him. “I couldn’t even keep my hands to myself now…I was trying to be careful in the beginning, to let you know it wasn’t just about sex, but I can’t even do that right…”
“What? Just tell me what he said.” Tony asked again, trying to sound as playful as possible.
Tony groaned out loud as he heard Obadiah's voice in his head once more.
Clint laughed warmly. “There you go!”
“Uh,” Tony’s voice sounded choked, “I’m really exhausted, Steve. You know with broken childhood memories and what not—‘Cat’s in the Cradle’ bullshit, you get it.”
“I’m sorry, Rogers, but
“Okay, we got the codes and the building plans. I’m sending the equations now, Stark.” Natasha called, handing the tablet back to Clint who slid it into the inside pocket of his suit.
Tony groaned loudly, quickly looking behind himself to make sure Steve hadn’t heard him.
Fury turned to point to the blond colossus. “This is Dr. Blak—”
Tony laughed. “Great. Looking forward.”
Steve rubbed the back of his head. “Let me check with Sam about the specifics and I’ll text you. Is that okay? He’s coming over tomorrow.”
Steve laughed quietly again, glancing quickly at Tony before looking away again.
Tony stood off to the side to let everyone greet Steve. He scanned the loft, realizing that the board had invited every single one of Stark Industries’ investors and some potential investors. As his eyes wandered, he spotted Obadiah making his way over to the group, grinning eagerly.
he made me feel like shit and that he could have been a better father?”
Part Three (multi-chapter story):
Shuri smiled before rounded the table again to pack up her things. Bruce looked over at Tony, nodding vigorously in Shuri’s direction.
“Steve what? Also, Steve what?” Tony finally remembered how to speak as he nearly grabbed Sam.
Tony blinked a few times as he reoriented himself, trying not to look past Rhodey to see where Steve had gone.
“Okay, let’s get some sleep.” He turned his head to kiss Tony on the cheek before Tony sat up to finish undressing.
“…that’s great to hear, Rogers.” He cleared his throat, resting his hands on his hips.
Steve and Tony looked at each other before staring at Strange who looked incredibly dumbfounded by the mysterious specs.
Steve took in another deep breath as he began to read the entry:
“Is this including me or that ‘guy in college’?” He teased.
“…the first time we had Steve over for dinner…you told me that you like him…do you…still feel the same way?” Tony asked quietly.
Tony chuckled as he cupped Steve’s backside. “Good…” Steve then felt Tony kiss the top of his head.
“So, what have…
“I messed up. You were right. I should have taken my time.” Tony slapped his hands against his forehead as he sank even lower into his chair; he was basically lying down in it with the upper half of his body in the seat.
Rhodey shook Steve’s hand. “Nice to meet you, Steve. Tony’s been telling me that you’re quite the teammate.”
“Steve…” Tony waited a moment as he thought about Steve writing him that letter, “I should apologize for what I said to you…I wish I could take it back…” he paused, “…I do trust you, Steve. You’re my lab partner.” He managed to joke which prompted a restrained laugh from Steve.
Steve nodded back as he rested his hands on Tony’s hips. Tony smiled before tugging on the waistband of Steve’s briefs, prompting Steve to awkwardly finish the job for him. Tony squeezed a significant amount of lube onto the palm of his hand; he leaned forward as he repositioned himself, reaching the hand covered with lube behind himself as he straddled Steve.
Tony gasped as he used both hands to hug Steve’s neck, drawing him close to his chest. He could now feel Steve’s hand near his crotch, fumbling a bit with the zipper on his pants. Tony chuckled as he unzipped himself for Steve before tugging on the hem of Steve’s shirt.
Both Tony and Peter were lying on their backs underneath a medium-sized robot in Tony and Steve’s lab one mid-morning on a Saturday. Steve was on the other side of the lab, watching them work. He had an enormous grin on his face; he could feel himself becoming more comfortable with spending so much time with Tony and Peter, and he enjoyed watching them interact with each other.
Bruce groaned as he watched Tony calmly walk over to the other side of the room to retrieve his phone.
Tony mentally grappled before composing a message to Steve.
Steve stayed completely silent, trying to process what he had asked for, but he couldn’t help himself as he rubbed Tony’s backside.
“Tony?”
“We got it?” Tony stared at Steve who nodded back again.
“Uh, thanks, Rogers…” Tony finally answered. A little grin crept up onto his face, but then he attempted to look less exposed.
Obadiah scoffed again but remained silent.
Steve’s widening eyes watched his usually reserved and stoic assistant bounce with joy, but Steve was too shocked to say anything intelligent.
“I’m so happy for you, Tony.” She whispered as she held Tony tighter to kiss him on the cheek.
again.”
As soon as the elevator doors opened into the penthouse, Tony threw his jacket on top of a statue. He groaned to himself as he retrieved his phone, looking at Steve’s contact profile while walking to the kitchen. He groaned once more as he reached the space, placing his phone on the island in the middle before stepping away, looking intently at it.
Steve laughed quietly. “No, there’s going to be food…I just thought maybe we could have some alone time…”
Steve nodded as he kissed Tony’s neck. “I love you, too, Tony.” He rubbed Tony’s body as he moved his head to kiss Tony on the lips.
“Talk. Or you’ll have to deal with me instead.” Her voice never rose above her normal speaking tone, but it was still very intimidating.
“Uh, could the couple on the right scoot more to the left, please?”
Steve scrunched up his face. “Are you serious? This isn’t upsetting to you?” He couldn’t believe he was the only one who thought the idea of the two of them sleeping together looked scandalous.
Tony waited as he ruminated on Steve’s encouragement, which the latter was definitely good at. However, it equally perplexed Tony to hear Steve persist relentlessly about continuing Synergy when it seemed like Steve, based on the argument over the failsafe, was more concerned about safety.
“Yeah, I can be pleasant sometimes, Rogers.” He turned his head somewhat to address Steve with a grin before Steve caught up with him.
“Then, if all goes as plan, Dr. Blake and Dr. Banner will receive the specs to create the material. And today…” Fury looked down at some notes on a tablet he was holding, “…we’re trying for something simple. Let’s try a television remote.”
Steve continued to wait. Tony could tell that Steve had sensed that something was wrong, but Tony wasn’t sure if Steve had caught on that he was about to break up with him.
interesting. No Superhero Registration Act. No ‘Secret Avengers’. No civil war. No powers.”
Steve smiled wearily. “I, uh…told him I would only do it, if you and I did it together…since we’re a team.” Suddenly, Steve felt weirdly nervous discussing this bit of information with Tony; he hoped he didn’t sound desperate.
Obadiah huffed as he spun around on his heels to exit the office. “Right, expect a report back soon.”
Steve sat up in the bed before answering. “I meant to tell you this in the car, but one of the board members at the event thought Bucky and I were dating.” He continued to laugh.
“Bucky.” Tony answered, still seated.
“…Tony?”
“Okay, everyone ready?” Fury looked side to side at the pairs. Everyone nodded, except Tony.
“Wait, stop right there.”
“Tony!” Steve jumped up immediately, crouching down near him, trying to keep calm.
"Tony, I'm okay." Steve frowned but let Tony hold onto him anyway until he was standing upright.
“Steve…” Tony hung his head as Steve joined him at the railing, but stayed at a distance, “…I’m not really sure what we’re both trying to get out of this…”
Steve looked to be considering it, but before their shameless flirty could go any further, Tony heard Bucky call for Steve.
“Right now, we only have one workable device. If we can successfully prove to the government that Synergy works and that it won’t deplete the source of virbanium anytime soon, they’ll send Stark Industries a contract to build the rest.”
“Sam, please. I don’t really want—”
Back in the lab, it seemed as if they were getting along nicely, but Tony was sure it only had something to do with Steve’s solid professionalism. He wondered what it would be like to see Steve let loose once in a while.
You would think that of all the things Tony could possibly own, it would be a portable charger. But then again, he wouldn't be passed out in Steve's bed right now... :p
Steve nearly turned a fair shade of pink from how confident Tony appeared to be in him. Also, that was maybe the seventh or eighth time Tony had either touched him on purpose or by accident. But Steve wasn’t really counting.
Steve nodded as he turned around to face Bucky. “Yeah, I know, Buck. She told me.”
Bucky huffed. “Okay, so the fact that someone said that makes me believe they
Bruce cringed. “Jeez, Tony. I was just trying to make conversation.”
“Ready whenever you are, Tony.” Bruce’s voice filtered in through both Steve and Tony’s earpieces. Bruce was sitting in a van with Thor and Shuri outside of the mansion, watching the rest of the team’s movements inside via a live stream.
Tony watched Steve stop unpacking his workbag. “Uh—”
Steve’s eyes widened as he backed away from Bucky, bumping into the elevator wall. He shook his head.
Clint chuckled. “Must not be that great because I’ve never heard of it.” He then yelped dramatically as Natasha reached over to pinch him on the shoulder.
Trying not to make a bigger deal out of the moment then needed, Steve followed Tony to the middle of the balcony designated for dancing. There were other people present so it didn’t feel completely odd to dance with Tony. Besides they were just friends. It really wasn’t a big deal.
Steve chuckled before reaching out to squeeze Tony’s arm. “Are we okay?”
“No longer will the average citizen have to wait to see change. We can do all that with the Synergy device.” Tony pointed behind himself again as the pieces of the device continued to swirl around the auditorium. Steve immediately clammed up as soon as he realized he was about to go on.
Although he had felt hopeful post-interview, Steve couldn’t help but be a little annoyed by the tech genius’ infamous eccentric personality. Something about the man seemed wholly arrogant and a little standoffish. The others in the interview, Nick Fury, Pepper Potts, and Obadiah Stane appeared to be quite interested in Steve’s background and continuing education. Yet, Tony acted like he couldn’t be bothered to be there. Steve remembered trying not to make a face when it was clear that Tony didn’t even know which university he was attending.
“Yep.” Was all Tony responded with to Bruce’s insistent energy.
“Only if you’re misbehaving, Captain Rogers.”
“Unity? Harmony? Symbiosis, perhaps?” Bruce interjected with a smile.
Steve blinked a few times as his eyes adjusted to the darkness. “Tony? What’s going on? Are you okay?”
“Uh, thanks for coming over…” Tony started. He uncrossed his arms before placing his hands on his hips.
find Steve attractive. But besides tolling in the fallout from his last relationship, the thought of even thinking about pursing one with Steve seemed like a bad idea to begin with. He didn’t even know him. He would probably barely see him. He was probably already seeing someone else.
"I have to say, Cap, Iron Man helmet and gauntlet? Good look for you," Tony said, as he set down on the armor's landing pad, while above them Thor guided the Avengejet down to something approaching its usual position in the tower.
Tony pushes the covers back from his face with his free hand, and squints into the darkened room. "What time is it?"
Steve carried everything but the tree into his bedroom, where he shucked off his coat and sorted through his purchases, leaving the gifts on the bed. They were already wrapped, courtesy of some charitable organization offering gift wrap for donations; Steve had only to add the appropriate tags, and he remembered easily which was which.
living there would just use the laundry service like a normal person - after Steve inquired about the absence, but Steve politely declined, leaving Tony to wonder how in the hell the guy was going to get clean laundry.
“Steve,” she said. There was an odd note in her voice, something straddling a fine line between caution and encouragement. “I’m not some damsel you get to romance now because you know I’m a woman.”
"-- VERY, VERY NAUGHTY," the Krampus concluded, as they collided. The thing barely moved, catching Iron Man in its grasp. It definitely wasn't a living, flesh and blood creature, the armor's scanners registered at this range. As if the grip that was causing the sound of buckling metal beneath it wasn't enough indication of that.
Steve had known, for a while, that his feelings of camaraderie toward Iron Man differed considerably from what he felt toward Bucky, or Jim, or any of the others he trusted with his life on a regular basis. That he believed Iron Man to be, well, a
Steve's pause was a heavy one, though, and he broke the silence a moment later with, "You saved my life back there, with Hammer."
"So. What's it like working with Captain America, anyway?"
Steve was silent for a long moment, even his hands stilling at their work. When he moved again, it was to shift away from Tony, and Tony worried he had said the wrong thing, that Steve really was about to leave, but Steve settled beside Tony instead.
"KRAMPUS SHALL VISIT YULETIDE DOOM UPON YOU!"
At SHIELD's Manhattan headquarters, many of the offices stood empty, much of the lower ranking support personnel having already taken off for the holidays. Steve and Natasha filtered into the conference room, where they found Phil Coulson waiting with another agent, Clint Barton.
And somehow, even though they lost more and more clothes each time they met for a tryst, Tony managed to keep his shirt on and he never happened to find Steve’s wallet hanging out in the back pocket of his sinfully tight uniform (or in the inexplicable belt pouches, either), waiting to shed light on the guy’s identity.
"Yes," she answers. "I've been here watching Tony Stark, trying to get close to him. On orders from both SHIELD
Tony tilted his head back and Steve leaned forward, and they were kissing right in the middle of … well, an empty laundromat, so Tony wasn’t inclined to care. He did give a little yelp when Steve lifted him up and set him on top of the washing machine, and wasn’t
“Come here,” he urged, until their bodies were in alignment enough that Tony could get his hand around both their cocks. Well, almost - but Steve was clearly adaptable, reaching between them to pick up Tony’s slack in a firm grasp.
. "An evil genius."
Tony released a soft sigh, his shoulders sagging beneath the touch.
Tony snorts. “For now. I’m surprised he would send any cargo our way.”
Tony had certainly set out to make Steve feel welcome in the twenty-first century, and had always hoped, somewhere deep down, that their little band of superheroic misfits would stick this time. Sure, Black Widow might come and go as she pleased, Thor might sometimes get called to Asgard, and the Hulk might have an entire life on the side that none of them knew about until today, but the important thing was that they all managed to be a unit when it counted. It was not just their edge over the Cabal, but, Tony suspected, good for all of them. Himself included. So maybe his motivations weren’t entirely philanthropic, not when he had so much to gain, but it was hard to argue when Steve was looking at him with so much pride shining in his eyes.
Tony smiles faintly, glad to hear Steve is still able to quip even at a time like this, even though he can tell that it is half-hearted, and probably more for Tony's benefit than Steve's own. Steve is far too invested in putting on a strong, brave face, in not wanting to be a burden to anyone. He doesn't understand that no matter what happened down in that castle, Tony can be the strong one right now, that he can do that for Steve.
Steve came first, with a muffled little noise as he spilled over their hands, and dear lord but Tony loved bringing Steve off, he was definitely the kind of guy who got off from his lover getting off, so it was a matter of seconds before Tony joined him, burying his face against Steve’s shoulder to keep from being too loud.
Iron Man looked up at Cap, the particular tilt of his helmet suggesting sheepishness. "Uh, I might need a hand."
have, if the situation had called for it.
“I won’t,” Steve promised as he turned to leave.
“It always is,” Steve said, just assuming that whatever Tony was thinking of saying on the matter, it was going to be positive. He straightened up, and began setting their clothes back to rights, at least enough for them to make it to one of their bedrooms (and, in Steve’s case, a shower).
Helplessly, Steve looked to Natasha for backup, but she just seemed thoughtful.
Director Fury wanted to come speak to Tony in person, which would have delayed the progression of things even further, given even a shady government organization's inability - or unwillingness - to slog through this sort of weather for a meeting, but Agent Coulson reached a compromise with his superior by teleconferencing him in.
“Tony,” Steve said.
It took years for Zemo to finally take hold of Howard, though; enough time for him to come home from the war, to settle in and conceive of a civilian life. Everyone thought, when he had trouble sleeping, when he had the paranoid attacks, that it was simply shellshock.
The whine of the repulsor charging in Iron Man’s gauntlet was Steve’s cue: as Tony began to fire at Falcon, Steve threw his shield through the doorway to deflect the blast. Black Widow dove out of the way as Steve emerged from the back of the jet, catching the shield.
Steve groaned, the loss of blood starting to get to even him at this rate. He slumped to his knees, and Tony went down with him, frantically seeking out and pressing his hands over the bullet wound.
Steve wants to ask if Tony missed him, too; if Tony ever thought about this, but Tony is moving over him, making his way down Steve's body, and for a moment all Steve can think about is reaching out and stopping him.
"Are you really after privacy," Tony asks, "or is this just an excuse to go back to mine?"
Steve laughed quietly, his chest vibrating beneath Tony's touch. "I suppose so."
Cap glanced around and, satisfied that no further threats were about to arise, nodded. "Alright. Call us if you need anything else. Iron Man?"
"Good morning," Fury said. "Thank you all for being here today."
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but the only sound was someone else's scream. The door that they'd come outside through burst out from the house in a spray of shattering glass as a man flew through it, sending up another puff of snow where he landed. Instinctively, Steve folded himself around Tony and pressed him up against the side of the house.
"SHIELD would be happy to cover the cost of a hotel," Natasha said.
"Come out, Commander," the woman says again, her voice more urgent this time. "I've bought us a few minutes, but it won't take long before that wears off."
"Oh. Old college friend who was supposed to hang out with me today," Tony answered. "My canceled plans?"
“Hey,” he said. “I brought you something.”
"Yeah," Steve answered, sliding his arms around Tony again. "Something like that."
"That would be part of the problem," Steve countered.
"I don't know," he says, as honest as he can get. "I haven't had time to assess the situation properly, and - I don't want to risk your safety, if they really are watching you."
Tony frowned. "You were here to
Shots ring out, and bullets ping against the backplate of the armor while Tony is turned. He whirls back around and comes face to face with a group of Hydra soldiers; half a dozen of them, most armed with rifles, with the exception of one, who has something on his shoulder that looks rather worryingly like a bazooka, which could be a problem for Tony, even in the armor.
Steve rolls his eyes, swatting Tony's hand away. "I forgot how insatiable you are."
had problems, even before the serum - when he got dressed, and chugged down the rest of the hot cocoa. He deposited the empty mug in the kitchen sink, poured himself a big bowl of cereal, and headed out into the living room. It was a comfortable space, with a big squashy couch, and the streaming television subscription seemed just the thing to use to wind down at the moment.
“No,” Steve said. “But I’d like to kiss you.”
"Dr. Bruce Banner," the man introduces himself.
“Not helping with the teenage fantasies, Cap,” Tony couldn’t help but heckle.
Tony made the best noises when Steve touched him, from soft gasps to needy moans, all perfectly timed to let Steve know just how much Tony was enjoying himself. It was all rather well orchestrated, and felt more than slightly false to Steve. Even though by this point he and Tony had graduated to actual bedmates who often slept in the same bed, Tony was still guarded with his sincerity. Steve hadn't been able to figure out yet whether it was difficulty in showing feelings, or fear of them being rejected. Tony was a guy who lived much of his life in the public eye; maybe he had a hard time with intimacy, no matter how many notches he had on his bedpost.
They have been through this before, more times than Steve can now count, and still they are no closer to reaching a conclusion about why Tony Stark one day left his Manhattan penthouse and was never heard from again. No one has reliably seen or heard from Tony since that day, though numerous sightings have been reported in the quest for the sizable reward Stark International is offering for locating him.
," he said slowly.
But Steve sidesteps Tony’s attempt at a kiss, even on the cheek - adhering to his own strict policy of not cavorting on base - before thrusting something he's been holding into Tony’s hands.
"You must still run on military time," Tony announced as he emerged from elsewhere in the house. "Right on time."
"It's stupid," Steve said.
"Pepper would love that," Tony says. "I know she has to be running out of material."
The Parkers had been on their way home late after working on a project deadline before a semitruck slammed into their car on the freeway. Tony wasn’t sure if he could take care of
“Tony, don’t do this,” Steve interrupted him, “you
“…how did you get it to finally stop shaking?” He asked as the scientists on the other side of the glass reflection gave him and Thanos the signal that it was safe to remove their glasses.
Thanks for reading! Stay tuned for the next installment to this series, the much-anticipated sequel to the first installment:
“Guess who’s here…” Tony whispered to Peter.
Tony nodded as he listened, feeling his body ease a bit. However, it was still too difficult to talk about his relationship with his dad. Tony mentally cycled through his memories of his dad, eventually landing on the last time they spoke to one another: the evening both his parents died.
Tony shrugged. “I ran a test through the computer and nine times out of ten it works just fine.”
Bruce leaned up against the side of the console to look at Tony and Shuri “…the most we know about Thanos’s weapon is that it’s emitting gamma radiation of some kind…”
Tony nodded slowly as he sat down in a chair next to the bed. Steve had been in the hospital for a couple days since the explosion and this was the first time anyone had seen him since his surgery.
“You should eat, Rogers. We have
Peter tapped a few times on a tablet. The robot emitted a humming noise before straightening up after a few seconds. Peter flashed a smile over at Steve who looked concerned based on past experiences. Tony clapped his hands as he stepped toward the robot.
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat, but he knew, based on dealing with this in the past, it was best for his sanity to let go. He could feel that Pepper still cared about him and wanted to be in his life, but as he thought back on their relationship, he realized maybe he didn’t love her the way she loved him. His actions certainly suggested so.
Bucky eyed Tony, clearly assessing whether he was serious. Tony knew he would have to play along; being close with Steve meant having some sort of relationship with his friends and making sure he was on their good side, especially with Steve’s best friend.
Tony smiled, thinking back to the first time they had Steve over for dinner. “Okay, but I’m hanging out in the kitchen to supervise tasting.”
Tony moaned even louder from before as Steve bucked up into his body. He leaned forward again to kiss Steve, now touching and rubbing himself. Steve could feel himself giving in, but he didn’t want to come so quickly; he was afraid it would turn off Tony.
The arena transformed into a two-story suburban house. Natasha and Clint appeared near the front door, while Steve could see Thor and Bruce standing in the kitchen. He looked around him to see that he and Tony were standing in the living room.
He began picking up the dishes left in the living room. “You know, it’s not really lost on me that I may never get this close to another celebrity again.”
Tony’s mouth fell open from the accusation, but then he served his friend a sly grin.
Tony was still smiling back at Steve but now he was sure he had a stupid grin on his face. Okay, maybe Bruce was right after all.
Tony had dropped Peter off at school in the morning before visiting Steve before work, but he still wasn’t allowed to see him until the team visited him that late afternoon. May was more than fine with picking up Peter after school so Tony could stay with Steve for a few hours after work before going home to have dinner with Peter. It helped developing some sort of routine but seeing Steve for the first time since the explosion was becoming too much for Tony to bear.
“How much trouble am I in?” He whispered.
“Yeah, okay, Rogers. I get that you’re cute and sweet even when inebriated.” Tony smirked, running a hand through Steve’s hair. The move had been initially innocent on Tony’s part, yet a grab at Tony’s wrist by Steve made it more suggestive.
As he tried to find the best way to start a conversation, Steve mentally replayed Tony’s past behavior: his outburst from the first simulation run through and subsequent situations; his consistent self-deprecating humor; how uncomfortable he appeared whenever his father was mentioned…
“Oh yeah sure. But we need Tony to negotiate with the blond wizard first.” Bruce added, now glaring at Tony who was still not paying attention to the conversation.
Steve’s expression remained the same as he only nodded. Tony wagged a finger in his direction.
“What?” He answered, a little stunned.
“This isn’t funny, Tony. I’m worried about you…” Steve’s voice stayed the same level of quiet, never taking his eyes off Tony.
like. He could sense that Sam was watching him study the letter.
“No.” Steve suddenly interrupted, somewhat surprising himself. And the room grew quiet as Tony took his time acknowledging Steve, yet he refrained from reacting right away.
But just as Tony’s body began to feel at ease, the string quartet began playing a version of “Mishima”. Only a few seconds in and Tony spotted Steve descending the staircase. Tony’s body seized almost immediately; for some reason he couldn’t move or really speak. He kept watching Steve, completely paralyzed.
The board member complimented both Steve and Bucky again before announcing that she needed to mingle with some potential investors. Steve turned to face Bucky with a goofy grin just as the board member walked away.
“Steve?” May’s voice sounded weary on the other end, “is everything all right?”
Tony hadn’t seen Steve since leaving the reception early. He had also been working mostly at Stark Industries after work hours to avoid seeing Steve at Stark Enterprises as the team finished up the last round of safeguards on the Synergy device.
solely responsible for any further shenanigans.”
Steve sighed, trying to move underneath Tony so he could look at him directly.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Answer the fucking question, Thanos.”
“Fuck, Steve…you feel so amazing…” Tony let out as he leaned forward some more. Steve watched Tony’s ass pop up and down as he continued to push forward.
“That’s not funny, Tony!” Steve lightly shoved Tony before sitting back onto his heels. He meant to scold Tony further, but he couldn’t help but stare as he watched his fellow novice spy partner’s face change.
“I…uh…can drive you back home tonight…if you want…” Tony offered quietly.
Tony recoiled as he walked behind Steve back toward the elevator, watching Steve turn around to face him.
Steve shrugged. He wouldn’t necessarily call himself an “artist”, although he sketched frequently and recently got into painting.
“That is…the most sappiest shit I have
Steve’s eyes widened as his face immediately reddened. He stuck out an arm to walk around Bucky, but Bucky stopped him.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, Steve…that’s cold…”
After the first failed simulation, Steve wanted nothing more than to make sure the team worked together, and not against each other. They would be up against a lot in the future when they take the Synergy device out into the field and they couldn’t afford any bickering.
“…you know somethings about me that my closest friends don’t know either, Tony…” Steve offered.
Tony’s grin painfully widened as he approached the table. Pepper got up from her chair to hug him.
“…well the way you two were that time we had him over for dinner…you know…and you were
“He thinks I’m sleeping with Tony…”
As soon as Tony entered the room, he saw Steve standing off to the side close to Thor and Shuri. Tony avoided eye contact with him as he walked to the front of the room to stand next to Fury and Pepper. Bruce was sitting at the conference table with Clint, and Natasha was standing on the other side of the room.
Fury pressed a button on his clicker to continue the epic slide show.
Tony rolled his eyes as he waved Steve off. “Yeah, okay. Relax, Cap.”
“Until he gets better.”
Instead of responding verbally, Obadiah eyed Fury as if he were suspicious of his answer, but Fury held firm in his position. After a moment of intense staring between the two men, Obadiah threw his hands up as he walked back to the front of the room.
Tony nodded at Steve to which Steve nodded back; they hadn’t seen each other since that morning. Tony gulped as he quickly turned away from Steve; he knew he would have to talk to Steve soon, but he was dealing with too many emotions to articulate himself without getting upset again.
Tony thought about the proposal before nodding. “I think that’s a great idea. I’ll ask him about it.”
Tony turned slowly to face Steve again, but he didn’t respond. Steve sighed as he searched for better way to explain himself.
“This is such a fucking mess, Rogers…” Tony sighed deeply before turning to face Steve.
“We just had a dinner that’s all, Buck…” Sam answered softly, already looking embarrassed.
Tony listened to the boys gush over Mr. Beck before turning his back to face Steve. “That teacher is a little strange don’t you think?” He whispered so that the boys wouldn’t overhear him.
“It says I’m supposed to report at the end of the month.” Steve glanced at the letter again. His hand was shaking so he placed the letter gently on top of the countertop. Sam noticed, but only gave his friend a reassuring rub on the shoulder.
To Steve, Tony sounded hurt, but then he told himself he must have imagined it. He wasn’t sure what else he could or should say to his lab partner; he felt super uncomfortable for getting so worked up and figured it was probably best to just let it go. And Tony was right, he was a capable team member and people like to stir up drama all the time.
“I’m getting everyone outside away from the building before this thing blows. How much time do we have?” Steve answered coldly, never looking back at Tony.
“Hey,” Steve met Tony halfway before he could get to the door, “what’s going on?” He repeated.
Tony walked over to his desk, drinking his cup of coffee. He turned around to lean up against the desk, musing about using Peter’s robot as a testing ground for the iron man suit.
“Hopefully this won’t mess with your move-in plans with Bucky.” Tony said as Steve slowed down next to him. He had meant for the comment to sound like a joke, but his tone came off deeply sarcastic instead.
Gamora motioned with her silencer for Obadiah to sit. “Mr. Stane, please sit down.”
Tony slapped his friend on the back hard as they entered the elevator.
“Fury, can we have a vote about this at least?” Bruce turned to look directly at Fury to avoid acknowledging Steve and Tony.
“The law student, right?” Tony dropped a file on the desk before leaning into his shoulder resting on the armchair. He watched Rhodey closely investigate the file.
bad. I thought you wanted to play spy with me?” He grinned slyly, arms resting on either side of him.
“Tony…fuck…” Steve whispered, earning a smile from Tony who gripped his body even tighter.
Steve let out a ragged sigh as he finished up making breakfast for himself and hopefully Tony.
The three of them stared at the projection for some time before Tony walked up to the console. He swiped away the image of the core to display Thanos’s weapon and the list of sequences.
Steve glanced at Bucky with an apprehensive expression before hanging his head low. “I’m so bad at dating…”
Pepper smiled meekly before shaking her head. “Tony. This is super serious. What if he had caught me? I shouldn’t have done that.”
Tony appreciated the reminder, but it still bothered him that there was a possibility.
Tony was so thankful that the conversation easily lent toward Bruce and his relationship problems instead of his own. He thought about texting Steve as he continued to tease Bruce. He should try for a laid-back, yet professional tone. Steve seemed like the type who would appreciate that.
“Do you know anything about the night a Synergy team member was attacked?” She asked quietly.
Tony looked away from Steve before looking back up at him again. Steve looked at him intently until he leaned inward, with Tony doing the same. Tony then kissed Steve as he kissed him back with Tony’s hands traveling up Steve’s backside as Steve pulled him close to his body.
“…I don’t know how to bring it up because he’ll just get all weird and sentimental. I just want him to know that he can split his time between his friends and Tony…that’s all…when they were fighting, that was the most I had seen Steve in a while…”
“Tony?” Tony turned around at the sound of Steve’s voice, watching him carefully enter the lab.
Steve smiled, nodding. “Okay, great. I’ll talk to you soon, okay?”
After some more internal debating, Tony removed the pillow to look at his phone. This was the most he had ever been confused about a relationship with someone he genuinely cared about: Steve kept telling him that he just wanted to be friends, but he was spending more time with him and Peter when Tony thought he would have been using that time to get to know Sharon more since they had just started seeing each other.
“How many planets are in the solar system?” Peter looked at Tony as he carefully finished his question.
Tony laughed. “Why would I turn down the possibility of sex from someone like you, Rogers?” The statement sounded incredibly awkward, but for some reason the entire situation felt just as, if not more painfully awkward.
“We won’t let that happen, Tony.” Bruce looked Tony squarely in the eye. “We already have a failsafe in place.”
“Hey, Sam.” Tony nodded at Sam who was talking to one of his future in-laws toward the front of the cabin, “hey, Bucky,” then he waved at Bucky who was reclining in his seat, already enjoying the food that had been prepared for their short trip to the resort.
Steve nodded as he sipped out of his glass. “Oh, that’s nice. You really do have a great group of friends helping you out, Tony.”
“Okay, maybe you were a little, right.” Tony teased as he looked downward at Peter who was smiling back up at him.
The robot dipped upward then downward before rolling toward Tony and Peter. It shifted from side to side before stopping suddenly. Peter tapped once more on the device he was holding, which caused the robot to spin around a few times before ramming backward into the table behind it. Steve, quite horrified, ran up to Tony and Peter to instantly protect anyone from a stray robot, however Peter and Tony appeared unfazed by their creation’s behavior; both were laughing with glee.
Tony scowled. “What? Is this the 1800s?”
“I want to be friends with you, Tony. I miss you.” Pepper looked up at him, still smiling.
Tony groaned loudly without verbally responding to Bruce, but the conversation wasn’t lost on Steve who stood up swiftly to glare at Tony.
“This is obviously top secret and doesn’t leave this room…,” Tony paused, “…but I’ve got Banner and Shuri building a new device.”
Steve pulled out his phone and tapped on Tony’s contact profile from his favorites list. “…Hey, Tony. We have Loki…” Steve looked at Thor who was fuming, “…okay, we’ll meet you at the Tower.”
Tony glanced at Steve; his expression looked serious but then he started laughing to himself again.
Tony grinned. “You once told me that you like old romantic Hollywood movies like
Tony and Peter were standing in the middle of Tony’s lab, standing over a robot they had been working on for the past month.
“Tony, you can’t not go. We need our team leader.”
Loki stared at Thor before laughing loudly again. “Oh, come on, Thor. You cannot be
Bucky’s eyes became equally as wide as Steve’s before he suddenly burst into a fit of hysterical laughter. Steve rolled his eyes as he watched his friend double over, laughing for what seemed like several long minutes, before straightening up and letting out a satisfied, “whooo!”.
Tony smiled back and waved as he watched Steve walk toward the elevator bank.
sorry. I thought you all wanted me to be happy. Well, I fucking knew things with Steve weren’t going to work out.”
Tony frowned. “I don’t know and I’m really not in the mood to find out.”
Steve moaned, using one hand to rub Tony’s backside. He let Tony grind up against him for a while before turning him over onto his back.
“Oh, hey!” Steve greeted his friend who he hadn’t seen all night. Bucky was visiting once more before finally relocating to New York to accept his new assignment. Both friends hugged each other before facing the board member.
“Tony, that’s not funny…” Tony knew Steve knew he was referring to his recurring nightmare about the night his parents died, “…but I know you’re just trying to make light of the situation…”
Fury changing the teams so suddenly was something Steve had wondered about but didn’t give much consideration until Natasha mentioned it. Maybe Fury had figured that their opposing personalities would work better together? It was either that or they would end up killing each other.
“Tony,” Steve stopped a couple feet away from Tony, “I’ll do it.”
“Then come, baby.” He whispered back, “…I’m close, too.”
“—Tony, you could have gotten people killed!” Steve ultimately blurted out.
Steve pulled himself away more to look directly at Tony. “What?”
Steve smiled back at Tony as he walked with him side by side down the corridor. Both looked at each other before looking away, and Steve noticed that Tony’s face had also turned a shade of red from the attention.
But then Tony would know that Steve had held onto the diary. Steve sighed out loud as he racked himself with guilt. He looked around the room, trying to think quickly. He finally decided that he would hold onto the diary and maybe bring it up with Tony sometime in the future, but not right after the weekend.
Tony huff with an amused laugh as he pointed to himself. “
He groaned again as he grabbed the phone to see what time it was.
“…I’ve already had J.A.R.V.I.S. itemize whatever was salvageable, so we need to look through this mess and figure out what to keep and what to toss.”
with Shuri, who know, T’Challa’s sister.”
Tony nodded back as he let Steve hold onto him. Steve held him tight before relaxing, staying awake until he was sure Tony was asleep.
Tony rolled his eyes. “So now you work for Mr. Rogers?” He quipped.
“We’re going to the hospital first; we’ll contact Barton and Romanov on the way!” Tony shouted over the rush of wind as the helicopter lifted from the pad.
“…well,” Steve started, trying to figure out the best thing to say in order not to upset Tony more, “…it’s different with me and Bucky…” He tried cautiously.
Tony smiled wearily at them before shuffling around. “Peter, what if you sleep on top of me that way Steve can squeeze in? It’ll be tight, but we can make it work.”
to do with Synergy being compromised, I will fucking destroy you.”
He took half a second before turning over to nestled himself on top of Steve’s chest, feeling his body before lifting his head to kiss Steve again. They kissed for some time, too amazed with what just happened between them to do anything else. From time to time they would pause for a break, but the emotional and sensual pull was too great and they resumed kissing the other softly and deeply for what seemed like ages.
“They’re in, but…” Tony looked behind himself before turning more into Steve’s embrace, “…I think you might have been right.”
“Steve!” Bruce shouted, “you can’t go down there. You’ll get yourself killed!”
…Tony groaned to himself. After a few seconds, he felt a hand squeeze his shoulder. Tony sighed, fighting back a stream of tears brought on by the impending collapse of Synergy and his relationship with Steve.
Tony was in his work office, packing his work bag to get ready to see Steve at Mount Liberty. As he packed away a few folders containing some documents he needed to review, there was a hard knock at his door.
Tony shook his head. He was struggling with whether he should be honest.
did Mr. Barnes say?” He teased, yet to Steve, Tony didn’t sound as good-humored as he was apt to be.
Steve sat down awkwardly at the table, wondering if he should ask how Tony was doing since that morning. Tony sat down across from him, serving himself, appearing absolutely fine.
“I just wanted to say…that…”
“Mr. Stane? You wanted to see me?” Steve was standing in the threshold of the door to Obadiah’s office.
As soon as they arrived back to their suite, Tony walked toward the bedroom. “I think I’m going to take a nap then do some work.”
Steve watched his friend turn his sketch around a few times as Sam read each notation. Steve smiled as he thought back to the lab and the rest of the tour of Stark Industries.
“Welcome this evening to Metropolis News! We have
“Steve, seriously? Please don’t do that weird thing you do.”
Before reaching his lab, however, a shadowy thin figure moving around in one of the labs with frosted glass captured his peripheral vision. Steve stopped for a second to see what was going on; something about the figure made him feel uneasy. He stood still for a second or two longer before deciding that whatever the figure was up to wasn’t any of his concern, so he continued onward toward his lab.
“Tony?”
(December 2021)
“Uh, thanks, Mr. Stark!” Trying her hardest not to sound overly excited, but the appreciation was evident.
“Right away, Sir.”
Steve laughed again as he kissed Tony back. “I don’t know why everyone thinks I’ll fall apart at any moment. I’m fine.”
Bruce nodded with a sigh, rubbing Tony’s shoulder. “It was an accident, Tony…”
would have been nice, Rogers. Especially when you’re coming over to
Tony slowly swiveled in his chair, letting his hands dropped to his sides. “I think I’ll be ready to go back there soon. But that’s if I don’t plunge into a downward spiral again.”
“…the last time I saw my parents, I got into a huge fight with my dad…” Tony breathed out; he could feel Steve nodding against his neck.
Steve took his time following Tony, attempting to take both bags, but Tony wouldn’t let him carry his.
Hearing the jovial tone in Steve’s voice eased Tony about the meeting. He slid a hand around Steve's neck to caress him.
“You and your husband are very cute.” Tony’s billiard escort observed as they walked out of the main space.
near Stark Enterprises. Especially with Thanos still on the loose.”
Steve nodded as he rubbed Tony’s back although Tony couldn’t see him. “I can call May for you…” He looked behind himself at a clock on of the tables next to the bed; it was four in the morning.
“Just tell me, Pep.” But Tony knew he would never be able to fully brace himself for whatever shit was about to hit the fan.
Tony settled next to him before rubbing his shoulder; he was still smiling at Steve.
“Sam.” Tony smiled as much as he could without looking like a dork.
Tony rolled his eyes as he continued eating. “Okay, send it to my inbox.”
Tony shook his head. “I’m fine.”
The office door popped open slightly before Bruce’s head appeared.
“…Steve…oh my god…” Tony could barely process what was happening as he sat back helplessly paralyzed.
“I…uh…” Steve pointed behind himself, “we have to rehearse a bit for the ceremony tomorrow…and also in the morning…so, I think I might hang out in Bucky and Sam’s suite tonight…”
insisted that he drive us to the house…we had a driver, of course, but he never had him drive us out here, even though it made perfect sense to do so…”
Steve grabbed both of Tony’s hands with his own. Tony watched Steve convey his sincerest apologies with his eyes.
“What?” Tony frowned at Bruce, “did you call him?” He asked as the elevator stopped at their destination. Clint was infamous for his sometimes-careless behavior, but he never dropped the ball quite like this before.
“Rogers!” Tony exclaimed as if that were the first time he had seen him all night.
Tony waved a hand around “Not too long. But if I had to give you a concrete answer, it depends on what’s being replicated.” He answered with ease.
Sam’s expression changed as he nodded. “Yeah…Buck told me about your guys’ fight…”
The hand Steve had underneath Tony was now rubbing the inside of his hip as the other free hand slowly traced its way up Tony’s side to meet his shoulder. Steve started out rubbing Tony lightly then firmly, which elicited a quiet moan from Tony who kept pushing backward into Steve’s body.
Tony laughed. “Yeah, I’m going to make that suit someday. Peter’s comic has given me some ideas.”
Steve nodded as he waited; it sounded as if Tony wasn’t finish with his thought. Tony sighed before scooting closer toward Steve. He rubbed Steve’s leg before placing one hand on the other side of his body.
Steve turned his head to the side to address Tony who kept kissing his neck. “Tony…,” he exhaled deeply, “…do you think we could…” he began before stopping himself.
Tony leaned backward, pretending to be tucking Peter in as he tried to process what his kid had just laid on him.
“Stark Industries,” Tony started, but was immediately interrupted by more cheering and clapping. Images of various types of catastrophes slid around the walls of the auditorium.
“It looks like something’s eating you up, Cap.” Tony observed, still grinning with his arms crossed as Steve finally joined him at the elevator.
“Tony! I’m glad you made it.” Sam clapped Tony on the back as he approached. He then pointed to the man standing next to him. Tony turned to greet him, yet instantly, he felt uneasy about meeting whomever this was.
“Okay.” Was all Steve could muster.
Thor coughed a few times which caused both Steve and Tony to twist around and visibly direct their wrath toward him.
Steve nodded wordlessly. He was still holding the covers up to his neck.
Tony shook his head. He wanted Steve and here was the object of his affection practically confirming his feelings.
He glanced at the bedroom door to make sure Peter didn’t come barreling back into the room. After one last moment, Tony breathed deeply as he unfolded the letter:
misunderstanding.”
He held out a tablet, tapping on it a few times. “J.A.R.V.I.S., scan this area. See if there’s anything I can salvage.”
Tony looked directly at Steve who was still waiting patiently for him to respond. His expression was stern, but it softened as Tony hesitated.
Ever since Peter had created his comics that featured everyone they knew as various superheroes, Tony had been secretly working on the Iron Man suit. The idea had been intriguing; an armored suit that any person could use that had blasters and whatnot attached to it was something he could not pass up.
Instead of taking his hand, the officer gave him the once over. “Yeah, I know who you are, but like I told your boss—”
Tony nodded as he ran up the bleachers while Peter ran to the stage. Tony waited a second before jumping on top of the robot, straddling it as he opened the top of its head.
The device was now shuttering, but not to the point of shaking violently. Tony knew they had to do something soon before the vibranium core failed to keep the device stable.
As he began cleaning up his work area, Tony thought back, again, to what Bruce had said about Steve “liking” him. He was now obsessed with the thought; he knew that if he didn’t remind himself to play it cool, it would consume him, and he would never get anything done.
Nebula slapped Obadiah on the back of his head, causing him to yelp loudly.
Steve kissed Tony on the neck as he pulled his fingers out. He used both hands to pull Tony’s body toward him at the waist before feeling his chest. He leaned forward to lick both of Tony’s nipples, taking his time at each one, making small noises as he licked Tony. Tony moaned some more as he rubbed his hands through Steve’s hair, losing himself from the sensation.
Tony pursed his lips together before laughing. “Now? I guess it’s late…you’re not hungry or anything?”
Steve nodded, keeping his hand on Tony’s shoulder before letting go.
“We gotta call Bucky. Once he gets into town this weekend, we’re celebrating. That means going out, Steve.” Sam poked his flabbergasted friend a few times in the chest before shoving past Steve to get to the fridge. He rummaged around a bit before pulling out a bottle of champagne. Steve stared dumbfounded at his friend as Sam produced two plastic champagne glasses from a grocery bag shoved in a corner on the countertop.
Tony reached out a hand to do the same to Steve, but Steve could tell that he was still upset from their conversation. Steve swallowed; he held still before leaning downward toward Tony’s face, but stopped short not entirely sure what he wanted to do next. He felt Tony physically reacting to him, but before he could get closer, he felt a hand on his chest.
“Uh, yeah,” he took a moment before continuing, “we used to date, but now we’re just good friends.”
Tony watched as Bruce took the tablet to review the uniforms. “What do you think?” Tony asked.
“So, what’s the plan? When do we start?” Thor clapped his hands before rubbing them together. To Steve, he looked the most excited.
Shuri and Bruce looked at each other, both appearing anxious and exhausted, before answering. “Maybe another few more weeks…” Bruce sighed, “…possibly a month at the latest…”
Tony watched Strange leave before facing Steve again. “Uh, do you have your phone, Steve? I want to call Peter to let him know I’m okay.”
Loki had installed a special encryption program on his tablet to receive emails before the agents at S.H.I.E.L.D. could geotag his communication. He deleted the message and wiped its traces from his server. Loki had been cooperating with S.H.I.E.L.D. only to distract the Synergy team from tracking Obadiah so he could deliver the Synergy device to Thanos, but Loki didn’t think Obadiah would resort to trying to blow it up again.
The voice pauses and then says, slightly apologetic,
Confusion.
Steve grits his teeth and sits on the ratty couch, watches how Tony turns away from him and fiddles with something. He’s not even working, just busying his hands to avoid looking at Steve.
Over expressive eyes.
the voice says.
Steve sighs. ”How much have you had during the past 24 hours?”
He misses the way Tasha’s eyes flicker to the sketchbook beside him, open on a page that shows expressive eyes and a strange device he has no memory of seeing before.
”No.”
”I’m sorry,” he offers to Tasha.
He’s quite sure he’s not imagining the warmth in Jarvis’s voice.
Dr. Cho tilts her head. ”If there’s nothing else, I’ll be going. If you need me, ask Jarvis to relay a message and I’ll get back to you.”
Jarvis says.
He holds his hand against the dome a long time after she’s gone.
”SHIELD?” Steve interjects.
”So, Helen said you could be out of the Cradle tomorrow,” she says as she’s getting ready to leave. ”You’ll still need to stay in medical for any complications but it’s a start.” She smiles wryly. ”Perhaps she’ll even let you eat something solid for a change.”
Agent Coulson doesn’t bother pretending he doesn’t understand what Steve is asking. ”Mostly by sheer stubbornness,” he says dryly while tracking the team through the screens displaying the site. ”And SHIELD has pretty good therapists.”
”—sleeping enough, you look like shit—”
”How are you feeling, Captain?” A woman asks.
Agent Coulson lets out a non-committal sound. ”The first time Clint broke his arm as a SHIELD operative, he completed the mission and went on two new missions before someone realized something was wrong. He had no idea he had the right for sick leave.” Agent Coulson’s voice is mild as he starts cleaning up the mission logs and gathers up their coffee mugs. ”When he went against orders and brought Tasha in instead of eliminating her, he went on his knees in front of me in the SHIELD hangar, fully expecting to be terminated for insubordination. And when he—” Agent Coulson pauses to take a deep breath. ”When he was under Loki’s command…after the Battle was over… If it hadn’t been for Tasha, who stayed with him day and night, he would’ve killed himself.”
”I know you’re awake, Steve,” an amused woman says.
”These are all the get well-letters for Captain America,” she says. ”Your accident was broadcasted on live television and your rehab has been the talk of the medical field for weeks now.”
”Morning, Jarvis,” Steve replies. Talking seems easier today even though the tube in his throat tugs uncomfortably. And now that he thinks of it, he feels similar, uncomfortable tugs in his downstairs as well. Ah. Urinary catheter. ”What do you have in store for me today?” He asks to distract his mind from wondering what other contraptions are holding on to his body.
”No promises.”
”Good. That’s good,” Steve says. He can feel throbbing in the base of his skull, slowly expanding along his jawline and up toward the top of his head. ”I think I need to take a nap,” he says. ”Thank you for the information, Jarvis.”
”These are all pre-screened and we already weeded out the ones that could do with our general thank you-card. These are the kinds you always want to reply to yourself.”
Agent Coulson closes the door behind him with a soft click, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts and the screen displaying the ruined harbor and above it, a blue, blue sky.
”No, he doesn’t,” comes a reply with a familiar voice that sends shivers down Steve’s back. ”He doesn’t know me. Trust me, it’s better this way.”
”Thank you,” Steve whispers back and kisses the top of his head. It leaves an oily residue on his lips and he really, truly, couldn’t care less. ”Can we now go back to sleep?” He asks a moment later.
Or perhaps a sentient toaster.
Jarvis says.
who he’s been drawing all these weeks.
Tasha laughs. It’s a throaty sound that rises from somewhere deep in her tiny frame and Steve grins.
There’s a stack of sketchbooks on the coffee table, some full, some empty. He leafs through them and takes in the landscapes, the small studies he’s drawn of empty coffee cups, of fallen leaves on the ground, of his teammates, of random people he’s clearly observed in a coffee shop or sitting on a park bench. There’s a clear evolution in the sketchbooks; they start as an outsider looking in, politely cataloging things around them, and then they slowly turn friendlier, more intimate. The landscapes give way to a study of what’s clearly Tasha’s smile or Agent Coulson holding Hawkeye’s hand in medical. They tell a tale of someone who had nothing and now has a family.
these days?) Near the end of the battle, Hawkeye had taken a literal leap of faith and Iron Man had caught him, barely. Steve hadn’t missed the way Agent Coulson’s shoulders had tightened when he’d watched his partner plunge down from the sky.
”I’m sure I’m going to be a brilliant conversationalist,” Steve says dryly.
”Oh, god, yes,” Steve breathes. It’s not that he’s ungrateful but having the feeding tube down his nose (not to mention other tubes in his person) isn’t great and he can’t wait to be rid of it.
Tony keeps grumbling but drinks the chocolate. There’s a certain sluggishness in his movements, the kind that could easily be confused with drunkenness by a stranger. Downing all chocolate takes him some time and when the mug is empty, he’s barely able to keep his eyes open.
you.” He cups Tony’s cheek and brushes his skin with his thumb. ”I don’t want perfect. I don’t need safe. I want you, explosions, stupid self-sacrificing stunts, coffee overdose, sleep deprivation—all of it!”
As if on cue, the woman taps her fingers on the device she’s holding and then lowers it, looks straight at Steve. ”My name is Dr. Helen Cho. I’m the one in charge of your care. Like Jarvis has already told you, you’ve been held in the Cradle, an invention of mine. It’s a…well, let’s just say it’s a place that allows us to deal with and treat grave injuries with astonishingly promising results.”
”No, it isn’t!” Steve insists. ”Tony, I—”
He’s blowing into his hot chocolate in the communal kitchen when Tony stumbles in. At 5:45 am, it’s an early morning for him and clearly a late night for Tony. He has the familiar, slightly manic look in his eyes that means he’s been up for at least 21 hours powered mostly by caffeine and the glee of figuring something out. Perhaps something that will further revolutionize renewable technology.
The picture of the archer comes up.
If possible, Tony tenses even more.
”Oh,” he says.
Tony yelps and whirls around with wide eyes. ”Wha—sneaky!”
The next time he wakes up, the dome is clear. He stares at the white ceiling above him and wonders if he’s going to spend this day in the cocoon or if he’ll be let out. Or if he’s not let out, could the dome be opened at least? He wouldn’t say no to a breath of fresh air.
The picture changes once more, showing him an unassuming man in a well-cut suit. He has the look of someone people ignore only to later realize he’s the most dangerous thing in the room.
Steve feels slightly taken aback by the deep emotion in the seemingly unflappable Agent Coulson’s eyes but he nods. ”Thank you, Agent Coulson. I will.”
Tony shook his head as he also remembered what that Columbia undergraduate student—
An audible sigh of relief permeated throughout the room before Strange further described Steve’s recovery. After some more discussion, everyone filtered out the room until only Bruce and Tony were left alone with Steve.
“The original device theorized by Howard Stark had some hardware issues. Synergy 2.0, if you will, has been rebuilt learning from those mistakes. You won’t see something like that again.”
“I have no idea…” Tony answered slowly.
Tony was sitting in a chair at a desk in his lab, hunched over a tablet. He figured he could try to get in a few more minutes of work before turning in for the evening to eat dinner with Peter.
Maybe Bruce was on to something. Tony ran a replay of the last couple weeks. Steve had been reacting positively toward him, so it was good to see that the first botched simulation hadn’t ruined their working relationship at least. But was there really a strong enough connection for Tony to ask Steve out? Like “out” out, not a random lunch between work colleagues. He still wasn’t sure.
Clint sighed. “I’m a mercenary.” He casually answered as if that wasn’t the most bizarre thing Steve had ever heard anyone utter.
Sam scrunched up his face, but Steve could tell he was super impressed by the tech.
A rumbling cloud from the island erupted, rocking the helicopter as plumes of smoke and flames shot out from the campus.
“The 30
Tony rolled his eyes again as he tapped on a section of the suit. “Whatever.” He sighed as he swiped the image away before pulling out his phone from his pajama pants.
“I’m programmed to work for the family, if you remember, Sir.”
Usually more perceptive, Sam missed the entire exchange between Tony and Bucky as he whipped out the graduation program to study.
Tony followed, removing his shoes before laying down next to Steve. Steve waited before laying down, making sure to stay near the edge, wondering to himself if this was the right moment to talk to Tony about their relationship.
“Thanks…that means a lot, Steve…”
Peter motioned toward Ned to complete his turn. “Steve’s Tony’s boyfriend.” He explained without missing a beat.
Obadiah rolled his eyes as he listened to Pepper a bit longer before gruffly saying goodbye and hanging up.
“Uh, it was nice.” Tony tried.
“Not to belabor the point, but
Also, Tony felt like he really couldn’t be his most vulgar self with anyone else besides Rhodey. It felt good being this vulnerable. Now if only he could sort out his dating life, he would be living in paradise.
Tony laughed lightly. “I guess so. Thanks anyway.”
Shuri nodded wearingly. “It’s almost ready, Tony. We just need to make sure we have the appropriate safeguards set in place.”
“Yeah, but you looked like you were enjoying yourself…” Steve offered back.
Tony was talking to himself as he paced back and forth in front of the bed, eyes focused on the ceiling. He eventually stopped with his back facing Steve who was a hot mess on the bed.
Steve took his time straightening up as he watched the boys play their game. “Ned, do you have any allergies?” Steve asked as he limped to the kitchen sink to fill a water glass, “I’m planning to start dinner soon, but I wanted to make sure we didn’t make anything you’re allergic to.”
As it happens, he can, which comes as a massive relief that leaves him somewhat dizzy.
Tony drops his gaze. ”You should go,” he says, rolling to his back, away from Steve.
The Cradle’s dome shimmers briefly and then he sees pictures of his team. They look strange. A red-and-gold robot, a green, muscular giant, a petite woman with red hair and a very tight suit, a man with bow and arrows, and a man in a cape who looks like he stepped out from some storybook. In fact, the whole group looks like it stepped out from the pages of a storybook.
She snorts. ”Well, that sounds like you. So. What do you want to do? Helen said you’re still very fragile but since you can keep up a coherent conversation, we figured it would be nice to just do that. Talk.”
The nurse then walked briskly out of the room as Tony and Steve stared after him.
Steve sighed as he placed his hands on his hips.
Rhodey nodded slowly, making it clear that he wanted to give Tony a moment. However, Tony ignored Rhodey before switching the conversation back to Synergy as best as he could, but now all he could think about was seeing his family’s house out in the Hamptons for the first time in the longest time.
Tony sensed that his lab mate wasn’t planning to let up on him, considering how terribly obvious it had been during the simulation that something was bothering him.
Riri nodded enthusiastically as she jogged over to join Tony at the console.
Tony grinned as he pointed at Thor. “Couldn’t have said it better myself, Thor, son of Odin.”
Strange pointed to the beds. “We’ve been receiving so many new cases that we can’t fit everyone in the clinic, that’s why this entire area has been cordoned off.” He explained further.
“Nice to meet you, Riri.” Tony began scribbling down a message in her notebook, “what do you study?”
Tony pulled over so he could try to process what just happened, too upset to drive any further. He closed his eyes and counted to himself, reminding himself that he was doing the right thing by letting Steve go.
Tony inhaled then exhaled, finally realizing the gravity of his decision. Was it weird to ask your ex to watch your kid so you could ogle someone you’re not even sure is into you? Tony considered it, but he really wanted to spend more time with Steve.
Tony’s eyes went wide with surprise. He had come to terms with never getting Steve back or even being friends again, but the argument with Steve confused him.
Tony finally turned to face Steve. Steve could tell from his facial expression that he was internally struggling with something.
“Sorry, Tony.” Steve murmured, still leaning up against the wall.
Steve’s body wrenched him away from his sleep. He sat up in bed, struggling to sense his surroundings as his eyes adjusted to the darkness, finally remembering that he was in a hotel room on the west coast. He shook his head before looking over toward the bed next to him, noticing right away that it was empty. He glanced upward to see that the curtains to the balcony had been drawn open, revealing a figure sitting on one of the chaise lounges near the railing. Steve ran a hand through his hair a few times before pulling the sheets off his body. He took his time swinging his legs off the bed before rising to walk over to the balcony.
As each word left Steve’s lips, Tony’s body froze, so much so that he thought he had imagined it. Steve smiled at him, patiently waiting for him to respond, but Tony couldn’t. He thought by this point he would be able to say “I love you” out loud and here was Steve confirming their feelings for each other, but he couldn’t bring himself to say it.
“Well, this is fascinating.”
Steve felt Tony grip his hand tightly. “I’m so sorry…” He whispered.
Shuri smiled at Sam as she said her vows. “…and I want to promise you that I’ll always be a good partner and that we’re in this together, Sam, until the very end…”
“Yeah, so what if he’s not interested?” Bucky shrugged before continuing.
Bruce sighed before answering. “I’m not sure what to make of it, Tony. But it doesn’t look like the equations from the precinct explosion.”
Loki panicked, gaping at Thor who only shook his head. Natasha nodded at Tony sternly before taking a firm hold of Loki’s arm.
“Fuck, Steve…” Tony started grinding his body against Steve’s, “I miss you so much…”
Tony sighed as he looked at Steve from a distance. “I’m sorry, Rogers…this whole fucking thing is my fault…”
Steve shook his head, but he managed to smile although it was painful. “No, I know what I need to do. Let’s enjoy today.” He reached over to rub Sam’s arm before Bucky launched into which resort activities they should check out before getting ready for the wedding.
…” Was all he offered in a creepy, hushed voice that almost verged on the comical side.
“Caught in the lab?” Pepper wasn’t cruel about the possibility, she sounded genuinely curious.
“Honestly, Steve…what do you have to lose?”
Peter stopped mid conversation as he recognized that he was being called. He spotted Steve and smiled.
Usually Tony appreciated flattery, but he knew Fury was only using it to get him to train Steve on the tech.
“…everyone’s
He remembered the conversation he had with Bruce a while back after the first failed simulation, now thinking that he might have antagonized Tony more than he realized over the failsafe. Steve wanted the team to proceed with caution, but he had also let his emotions overtake his common sense; he should have taken his time and worked to have a calm and clear conversation with Tony.
“No, Sir…” J.A.R.V.I.S. then reminded Tony of the current year.
As soon as they reached the main space where it appeared most people were gathered, they found groups of people dressed similarly to the woman they had met at the front. There was a huge bar counter off to the side and a small band playing in an opposite corner.
The elevator door opened to reveal the penthouse; they stepped out of the elevator car into the space, looking around aimlessly, amazed at the grandeur of it.
“Riri. Riri Williams.” The student answered quickly before straightening up as Tony continued smiling at her.
Bruce attempted to interrupt again, but Tony stopped him as he rounded the conference table to confront Steve who stood his ground as he approached.
“…he just made a joke about…using protection…” He answered, feeling his face flush.
Steve laughed quietly. He turned to place a hand on Tony’s shoulder, looking downward before looking up.
Steve nodded. “Okay…that means a lot…” his expression changed, “uh, I’m sorry…but what did you want to talk to me about?”
Shuri patted Tony on the shoulder before walking over to her table. Tony watched her before turning to the console, now thinking about how to resolve things with Steve before the latter arrived at Stark Enterprises later that day. He thought maybe he should tell Steve that he wanted to be friends, but he wasn’t sure how to convey that without sounding desperate. Tony mulled over possible entry points of conversation as he went back to work.
“Remember that diplomat that almost died a few months back?” Tony carefully unveiled part of the device to show the officer, “this is the same device that saved him.”
serious,” Clint started, “but I have to admit that I’m kind of turned on right now.”
Next to Fury was a larger, muscular man with blond hair. He was smiling, but not in a creepy way. More so in an overly welcoming way that Steve didn’t really feel from the first two. Next to the blond giant was another man lounging in a chair at the table. He was dressed more casually and seemed to be bored already.
Steve approached the shower, knocking on the glass sliding door. The humming stopped as Tony turned to slide open the door. He was smiling widely at Steve with soap already in his hair.
Steve nodded a few times, trying to force down a lump in his throat as he attempted to read through Bruce’s notes on his tablet.
Steve cringed, trying to hold the bag behind his back as he turned to face Bucky who had the widest grin on his face.
Tony shook his head, but he stayed on the couch. “No, Steve. I mean, I do know you…this whole situation is so fucked up…I just really miss you—”
Steve spotted Tony out of the corner of his eye, excusing himself from his conversation to greet Tony with a smile.
“I’m just going to grab a few things and I’ll meet you at the front, okay?”
Tony hugged Steve close to his body as he placed a hand at the base of his spine. He took Steve’s hand before they started swirling around with the other couples. After a few moves with Tony leading, Steve immediately picked up on the dance which then transferred into him taking the lead.
Tony marched up to Loki, tapping a few times on the tablet he was holding until he found the cleaned-up footage of Dr. Selvig damaging the Synergy device and Loki attacking Clint.
Steve smiled with relief as he joined them, kissing Tony before rubbing Peter on the shoulders. To Steve, Peter looked fine from having been so upset the night before.
Both Steve and Tony looked at each other simultaneously, prompting a mutual smile. Steve’s face reddened as he looked away from Tony.
“…I think I did something stupid after the party…” Steve let out quietly.
The memory made Steve laugh again, louder than he had expected. “Uh, yes, of course. Besides that incident, that was such a good day…” He then grew quiet as he found himself wanting to also add that he missed those days.
Ever since that day, Tony had either worked from home or in Bruce’s space at Stark Enterprises. He was too shocked by Steve’s reaction to face him.
Both of the scientists nodded quickly as they followed Thanos behind a shielded area. As soon as they were at a safe distance, Thanos aimed the device from his pocket at the object. The object began to glow, shuddering violently...
“Oh my god! Tony!” Steve quickly turned over onto his back, nearly shoving Tony to the side of the bed.
“Remember my last birthday party?” She asked quietly, leaning on the table with both elbows.
Bruce and Steve were standing in the former’s lab one afternoon. Earlier that morning, Bruce had sent Steve an email to meet with him to discuss picking up his tasks with Thor and Shuri as Bruce would be out of town that weekend. Steve also hadn’t seen Tony at all that morning, but he had figured that Tony was busy with administrative-related tasks.
“First of all, we want to know why now? Why tell us you want to change the Sokovia accords now?” President Matthew Ellis questioned. Tony pondered his response.
“Night, kid. Love you too.” Tony left the room before he could see Peter’s mixture of confusion, embarrassment and happiness.
Thanks for reading <3
“Poor kid’s lost everything...” The super soldier remarked.
“Pete... It’s not true. You’re not owned by anyone. Ross is sick in the head. You’re not a freak, either. You got these powers and you chose to use them for good. You’re a hero.” The older hero told Peter, sincerely. The teen had given a small smile and shuffled over to embrace Scott.
“No point in waiting 5 minutes, Ross. I’m not telling you anything.”
It was a relatively small room. The walls were covered in cabinets full of art supplies. A high table with backless bar stools was in the centre of the room. There were many sketches around the room of some of the avengers and paintings of NYC amongst other things. They all had one thing in common, they were amazingly detailed.
“You’re not okay, Tones, you need to rest.”
“If you are referring to Peter Parker, Mr Stark, he was arrested for vigilantism and failure to sign the accords...” Thaddeus Ross stepped forward.
Peter’s eyes flew open, pulling his hand away from Tony’s. He relaxed slightly as he recognised his surroundings but was clearly still clearly on high alert.
“I..I just m-miss her so m-much” He bawled.
“C’mon lets go find your kid.” Steve said to Tony.
The blistering metal was brought down hard on his right pec.
“We?” Steve cocked his head.
“Why? Is he okay?”
Steve, Wanda and Clint would not be able to come to the trial, but Sam was permitted so he could make a statement.
“I’d like that.”
Clint was the first person to talk.
“Yes, Mr Stark here knows the full extent.” Dr Steward stepped aside and Tony moved in.
“What’s going on? Where’s Peter?” Clint asked, eyes darting around the room and landing on the empty bed.
"Boss, Quinjet 23 is approaching the roof now. Mr Rogers is requesting permission to land." FRIDAY’s voice pulled them from their thoughts.
The Stony we’ve all been waiting for.
“I get bad dreams too, Pete.” The super soldier said, moving to hold Peter’s other hand.
“I found him, guys, someone call Helen Cho.”
At that moment, Bean strolled in the room, searching for Peter. When the kitten spotted the familiar face he ran up and rubbed his body against Peter’s legs. The young mutant scooped up his bundle of joy and kissed his head. A look of realisation dawned on his face.
"What do you think!? The kid's in the fucking Raft and it's my fault. I should have been more careful." He choked back a sob and turned away from the red-haired woman. She put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“Ah, you know, just checking in. Peter’s been asking your pal Clint Barton if he thinks your coming to save him.” Tony’s eyes turned watery for a split second before his facade of strength returned.
Peter nodded, “Please, Mr Stark?” The kid had unleashed his greatest weapon. His puppy dog eyes. How could Tony say no to that face.
“Thank you.”
After a few moments of content silence, Tony blurted out, “I’m going to adopt Peter.” Steve turned so he was facing him completely.
“Yes, of course. So the investigation on the raft begins tonight. We’ll go at the same time and hopefully, we’ll get Peter and catch Ross doing something he shouldn’t be so we can back up killing him as soon as we see him.”
“You can come talk to me whenever you need, alright, spider-baby?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not my fault.” Peter mumbled . “I just love- loved her so much, y’know. She was there for me when my parents died and then when my uncle Ben got shot. And now what?! I have no family left and...” Peter’s breath became irratic, “I... I can’t go into foster care b-but I have no family left and god...I’m so scared Mr Stark. What’s gonna happen to me?” Peter looked at Tony with all the trust in the world in his eyes.
Natasha nodded. “Short answer is yes and soon. Long answer is, the government are trying to cover all this up. For pretty obvious reasons, they don’t want people knowing they put a child in prison. We’ll tell the school, you were on a stark industries retreat and they have been told about your aunt so they’ll figure that’s why you have been gone so long. The UN haven’t released your identity to the public for the same reasons but have said that if the media finds out there’s nothing they can do.”
"No."
Peter felt his senses return to their normal state.
Clint looked over and caught Peter’s wandering eyes, “What’s going on in that big brain of yours, kid?” Peter just shrugged. The brown-haired boy rested his head on Clint’s shoulder, his eyelids drooping. “Oh, kiddo, you gotta talk to us, y’know. You can’t keep all this shit bottled up. We’re all here for you.”
“It’s...Spider...Spider-Man.” Peter managed to give a response.
Peter smiled, “You too, Colonel Rhodes.”
Clint nodded before pulling himself up into the inlet. The archer navigated his way towards Peter. He knew the way since jumping out at Steve was always fun as, unlike Natasha, he never saw it coming. One time, Clint had  decided to scare Steve as he was walking to his canvas with a bucket of green paint. Barton chuckled to himself as he remembered the sight of Steve covered from head to toe.
Owie + Scottie.
Wanda was sitting in her room watching old Disney movies when Peter’s shaking form appeared in her doorway.
The test results came in and Helen was pleased to see it was just a more severe case of Pulmonary Edema and a fractured sternum, not something she hadn’t dealt with before. Peter’s body was getting some of the nutrients it so desperately needed and as soon as his healing factor kicked back in, he would probably not need the oxygen support anymore and his sternum would heal itself.
Tony cut in, “Is he allowed to join us for pizza and a movie, tonight?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, can you help me with my tie?” Peter asked, sheepishly.
His 4 fellow inmates could see he was getting weaker and weaker as the hours passed.
“I don’t know if I can do this, Mr Stark.”
“Oh, nothing, really. It’s not like he needs fingernails, anyway.” Tony stiffened. Ross continued, “I think he enjoyed his birthday gift.” The grin that spread across the mans face made Tony unsure of whether he wanted to inquire further or not.
“Can I wear a hoodie and some jeans, please?” Peter asked, politely.
10 minutes later, everyone was on the jet and flying home. Peter was still knocked out and his shoulder was being tended to. Tony watched from the background, not noticing Sam come up behind him.
Please comment, it really makes my day and gives me the energy to write the next chapter <3 as always point out mistakes <3
“Yeah. Um, so we’re all back together again and I just want to discuss on what terms that is being allowed to happen. So, Sam and Wanda, since you live here already, the UN wants you to be on house arrest here for two years. Steve, you’re here for 3 years. Clint and Scott, you can either stay here or at your homes for 2 years. If or when Barnes comes back, he will have a fair trial. I thinks that’s all you need to know. If you have questions ask me, Nat or F.R.I.D.A.Y later.” Tony eyed the Black Widow. “Anything you’d like to add?” Natasha shook her head. “Okay then. Play the movie, Fri.”
“Really?” Peter seemed unconvinced.
"He okay?" He queried.
"Peter." The spider-teen said, looking around at them. Sam Wilson smiled at him.
"You are no help, Happy." Tony hung up. "Friday, pull up Parker's stark watch location, please."
Clint rushed in the door, a half-eaten sandwich in hand.
“Hey!” Peter laughed and pulled his new webshooters out of his pocket and fired them at Wanda, sticking her right hand to her bed’s headboard. The teen ran from the room. Wanda ripped the webs away with her other hand and chased him. They ran all over the floor before they collapsed, giggling, on the couch. Sam shook his head at the pair, but a smile graced his features. Peter’s eyes were still red and puffy, but they didn’t hold the pained expression that they had just 20 minutes earlier. Wanda put her arm round his shoulders, and he beamed up at her.
“O-okay. Call me if you need me.” Steve said, blushing.
They were in a room that looked a lot like the one Peter had first woken up in, but the lights were dimmed and there were speakers in the top corners of the room. Peter was cuffed to a metal chair with a tray attached to one of the armrests. He tried to tug his arms free but the metal didn’t even creak.
“Yes, boss, preparing the movie now.” F.R.I.D.A.Y voiced.
———————————————————
Peter groaned as he made sense of his surroundings, the previous nights events coming back to him.
“Look, Parker, I don’t have much time left. So neither do you.”
The elevator dinged. 4 men stepped out holding trays of food. They walked towards Wanda, Scott, Sam and Clint and the glass lifted a few centimetres for the tray to be pushed through. One of the 4 men walked towards Peter’s cell, holding just a cup of water. It was passed to Peter, who looked at Wanda’s tray of mysterious meat and soup, and wondered why he wasn’t getting what all the rest seemed to have.
“З Днем Народження, павук!”
“We need to get his blood sugars up. I think the lack of food has inhibited his healing factor. A quick chest radiograph will tell us if he has fluid in his lungs and the extent, but it does seem to be the case.”
---------------------------------------------
FRIDAY's voice filled the lab for the fifteenth time that evening, sounding almost human in her annoyed tone of voice.
Wanda stood up, lowered herself to be level with the teenage superhero, took his head in her hands and said, “Будь сильним, дитячий павук”
Peter was getting sick. Really sick. He could feel his lungs giving out. The lack of food had inhibited his healing factor. Bruises that would have healed in minutes before were still littering his body days later. The, now regular, water-boarding was making him feel like he had before he was bitten by that damned spider. Back when he was just a sickly, asthmatic orphan. No matter how bad it got, he was determined to not let his struggle show. Peter had realised that the facade of strength wasn’t to convince others, it was to convince himself. To convince himself he wasn’t tearing at the seams. To convince himself he could get through this. His body was giving up but the super powered teens spirit wouldn’t break. The pain, the helplessness, the fear; it would not make him answer Ross’ questions.
“You’re not okay, Tones, you need to rest.”
“Uh uh uh. You can, and you will.” The older man pressed the phone into Peter’s palm.
“It appears he may hurt himself if you do not. Wake him up gently.” F.R.I.D.A.Y instructed. Tony moved forward, taking the boys hand, and put a hand on Peter’s shoulder.
The noise became deafening. The smell made his head ache. The lights burned his  progressively sensitive eyes. The feel of the chair on his skin was more and more unendurable. The clothes on his back felt rough and uncomfortable. It was all too much. He shut his eyes tight and wished he could lift his hands to cover his ears. The teen felt a warm liquid trickle down from his ears and nose. Blood and tears stained his face.
There was one goal. Save their family.
“I just told the truth, kiddo.” Scott grinned down at the sleepy child, “Hey, we can be bug bros!”
"You are being arrested for vigilantism and failure to sign the accords." Someone said calmly, driving their knee into the small of his back.
As always, correct my mistakes <3
Tony, Steve, Natasha and Rhodes all stepped off the quinjet.
"C-Can you c-call an amb-ambulance for h-her?" He stammered out. They responded by getting behind him and pushing him down on the floor, cuffing his wrists behind his back. He groaned loudly.
“Atta girl.”
Tony could see Peter was spiralling and tried to snap him out of it.
“And is May okay? When I got arrested, they hurt her. She got to a hospital, right?”  Peter saw the way Tony and Steve’s faces fell, “Right?” Tears were suddenly welling up in the kids eyes.
Comment mistakes!
“That sounds fun. Can we have pasta and watch one of the Star Wars movies?” Peter asked.
—————————————————————————
Ross stalked towards Peter, who tried to put on a mask of courage, and said in a voice one would use when speaking to a small child, "Welcome to your new home." Peter's straight face faltered but he managed to maintain his pretence of indifference. Only the highly-trained spy in the room caught it.
With his questions answered, Peter was able to enjoy his dinner with his mind at peace.
Tony answered this time, “As soon as your back to full health and Helen gives us the all clear.”
"Business to run. What do you want?" Tony asked, heatedly.
Leave me a comment, they make my day!
Peter could tell Ross was getting increasingly exasperated. The Secretary of State had taken to just pounding Peter with his fists and yelling his frustrations away. Today was no different. When the branding had failed to pry answers out of the youth, Ross had stormed over to a metal table and grabbed a meat cleaver. Peter had yelped in fear as the furious man charged towards him. The cleaver was stabbed into Peter’s exposed thigh, cracking his femur in the process. Peter’s screaming had turned to weeping as his blood quickly covered the chair and himself.
“Would you care to explain why on Earth there is currently a newly-turned 15 year old, who has never hurt a soul, in your prison?!”
“No, you’re fine, don’t worry about it.” The supersoldier took the push handles of Peter’s wheelchair and wheeled him the rest of the way into the avengers common room.
Steve leaned closer as he left Tony wrap a hand around his waist. Steve thought back to the strange encounter the day they found out about Clint’s assault when he witnessed Dr. Selvig marching out of Loki’s lab. Steve felt compelled to mention something to Tony, but figured he should wait until Natasha found something with the tapes.
“Tony, it’s late. We can call Peter in the morning…”
“…you’ve…been thinking about it for a while?” Steve asked, his voice was still very quiet.
“Okay, I’m heading home, Cap.” Sam drained his beer before getting up to retrieve his jacket. Steve made a move to join him.
Steve moved from side to side before turning his back to look at himself from behind in the mirror. He was wearing one of the new safety uniforms Tony had created.
Steve groaned loudly. “Why does everyone think I’m this giant prude?”
Tony laughed as he turned to face Steve. “You know, Rogers. You’re better in bed than you think, trust me.”
Tony nodded with a smile before he went quiet. “So…you…want to adopt Peter after we get married?”
Tony smiled at Steve before shuffling to slide off the bed. “Peter made you something and I was supposed to give you the thing
“How’s your first day?” Steve sensed Natasha standing next to him. She leaned up against the table beside him.
Steve turned around to join them at the table. “I’m not that bad.” He sat down in a chair which was facing the table backward, his arms crossed on top. Tony had to keep his eyes trained on Sam not to stare, but he was struggling.
And it was true: after the working with Tony to help save the visiting diplomat, Steve could tell that their working relationship had been more than repaired; it seemed like they could work perfectly together in the future if they just communicated openly. Also, Steve found himself enjoying spending more time with Tony which eased a good deal of the friction between the two of them.
Tony unlocked the mailbox with the fingerprint scanner, noticing as soon as it opened a lone small white envelope in the middle of the box. Tony looked around as if he were searching for the carrier who had left it. He then saw a security guard sitting at the front desk playing solitaire with a deck of cards.
Steve leaned up against a counter. “Tony, we don’t have to do this now…you’ve been driving for a while…why don’t you take a break?”
Tony grimaced before crouching downward to be at eye level with Loki. “Then fucking enlighten me.”
Natasha huffed with a reserved laugh. “I know. That’s why I think he’s great, too.” She added with a meek smile.
Bruce looked around nervously as he hung back with Tony behind the group before walking to the elevator.
Peter, Tony, and Steve were awkwardly parked in front of a restaurant where they planned to have dinner to celebrate Steve and Tony’s anniversary. Peter was in the driver’s seat of one of Tony’s least nice cars, practicing for his upcoming driver’s test with Tony in the passenger seat and Steve sitting in the backseat, leaning forward.
“Hey, Rogers, did I tell you that Shuri’s starting here soon?” Tony called as he and Peter went back to working on the robot after the sequence concluded.
“I think it’s a great idea. We could simulate a few scenarios in the lab before going out into the field.” Tony nearly let out a sigh of relief. He was sure Bruce was going to give him shit about Steve.
Steve managed to cut Thor off before he could march away. “Thor, stop. You have to think rationally.” He held out a hand to keep Thor in place.
Steve groaned as he could feel himself nearing the edge, looking down at Tony who was now rubbing himself. Steve leaned forward to kiss Tony, before straightening up to hump his body as fast as possible, the feeling overtaking him as Steve could feel that he was about to come.
Steve never verbally responded; all Tony could hear behind him was Steve wrestling around possibly putting his shoes on, the door open, then shut close, followed by footsteps down the hallway. Tony waited a second as he groaned to himself. He turned around to sit down on the edge of the bed, now fighting back a sob that had formed in the middle of his throat.
Steve rolled his eyes as Sam and Bucky remained silent. “All right,” he sat back into his chair, “just say it.”
The group then huddled in front of the projection on the wall as the call connected. Soon after, Fury appeared on the screen, flanked on both sides by Bruce, Clint, Natasha, and Thor.
“Every single person I meet who knew my dad always tells me how much of a father figure he was to them. I used to lie when I was younger…reminiscing about my time with him as if we
Steve nodded as he laughed. Tony was also laughing as he pretended to struggle with Peter bouncing around.
Something about the conversation slowly relieved Tony. He decided not to read too much into it; Steve seemed willing to take him as he was, an overworked parent, but that didn’t necessarily mean that he was interested in him. He would only say something if something came up. Otherwise he would just leave it alone. If Steve were interested, he would have said so by now, right?
“…yeah,” Steve stared intently at Tony, “I think that too, Tony…”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., lights.” Tony called as they entered the room.
Natasha and Clint busied themselves, finding the broken remote they needed to replicate. On a tablet, Natasha punched in some numbers to create a code to send to Tony. To Steve, it felt like both a long and short while; he felt a little uneasy as he crouched down near the Synergy device.
Steve barely nodded as he grabbed the tablet before handing it to Tony. He watched his lab mate scroll through some more equations on the console, before holding the tablet an inch or so above it for a few seconds. Tony then handed him the tablet.
He waited with intense anticipation as Steve took his time answering. “On the phone or in person?”
Steve smiled through the pain as he tilted his chin upward to kiss Tony. “Thank you for taking care of me…”
“Okay, I wasn’t paying attention.” Tony groaned before inhaling then exhaling sharply, “I’m sorry. I’m really distracted right now because I’m planning to ask Steve over for dinner with Peter and I.”
“Okay, since this is our first international presentation, make sure your questions are top-notch.” Tony joked, addressing the press pool.
“Ah, Mr. Rogers. Thank you for meeting with me with such short notice.” He motioned for Steve to take a seat in front of his desk.
Steve kissed Tony on the lips before moving his head to kiss him on his neck. He rubbed his hands along Tony’s chest, taking his time feeling him everywhere before pulling back to look down at him.
“Cap!” Bucky ran up to Steve and Tony as they approached one of the main areas, “there you are. Sam wants us to meet a few people before the rehearsal dinner.” He tugged on Steve’s arm.
“You and I both know this isn’t true. Others know this isn’t true. So, one jerk thinks they know everything. Who the fuck cares?” He was now leaning up against the table and staring intensely at Steve. Steve felt uncomfortable which caused him to shrug a little. He was beginning to feel silly for getting so upset.
Steve.
“Morning, Tony.” Tony stopped scrolling through his thoughts as Steve’s cool voice interrupted. Tony turned his head to some degree to acknowledge his lab mate who had walked directly toward a console upon entering the lab.
Mr. Beck nodded before expressing thoughtfulness. “I’ve noticed in Peter’s mannerisms that he’s under an unusual high level of stress. I know some of this has something to do with your celebrity, Mr. Stark,” Mr. Beck motioned toward Tony before he continued, “but most of this could be from pressure at home,” Mr. Beck looked directly at Tony, “you would understand that, Mr. Stark.”
Steve stopped touching Tony as he propped himself up. He sighed, removing his hand on Tony to rub through his hair.
Steve had told himself that he needed to remain as calm as possible for Tony during the entire trip; although he was aware that Tony had some lingering issues that related to his relationship with his father, Steve wasn’t sure what he would find or possibly encounter while staying with Tony at house.
The two shuffled around, waiting for the sequence to run its course. Steve hung back again, watching them work.
Steve nodded slowly again, trying not to stare at Tony. “Uh, yeah…”
escort Loki to S.H.I.E.L.D.’s headquarters. Fury will know what to do with him in the interim.” He ended with his tone sounding especially irritated.
“There’s been a call about a possible bomb threat at police precinct 16. I’ve been in contact with Romanov and Barton and am in the process of locating Dr. Blake and Dr. Banner, but I need the two of you to head over there immediately…”
“That’s no substitution for caution, Tony. It bothers me that you don’t even care about your own safety. You are
Tony took a bit longer to hand Steve his, smiling in such a way that evoked that arresting magnetism.
After a meeting at S.H.I.E.L.D., Tony was in the lab with Steve working on some sequences to run on the device before locking it down for the time being unless there was an urgent emergency.
They walked with Steve inside the restaurant, sitting down at their table before ordering. They chatted for a bit about their family summer plans before Peter made a show of getting everyone’s attention.
hot.” Cluelessly unaware of how his statement could be taken out of context.
“Hey!” Clint exclaimed as he nearly ran into Steve. “We’re getting drinks!”
Steve shrugged as he sat up straight in his chair. “I appreciate the apology, Tony. But like I said, we worked well after…we were just getting used to each other…”
Steve agonized internally over Tony’s proposal.
Tony patted Pepper on the shoulder as she handed him the microphone. Tony took a moment before flashing a smile at the crowd as a projection showing a series of a diverse set of faces filled the space.
As he took his time reacting, Steve’s expression began to change slightly, now expressing concern that Tony hadn’t reciprocated.
Loki grinned as he then tapped on the access panel of the lab, using the codes Tony was forced to give to executive committee after learning more about Thanos. As the lab door clicked open Loki slipped in, relieved that no one noticed him.
Bruce walked up to Steve and shook his hand before stepping to the side to let Shuri hug him, even though she had seen Steve once or twice when Bucky and Sam came to visit him.
“Fuck…” Tony let out.
Tony shook his head. “I’m fine, but I don’t think we’re dealing with run-of-the-mill buyers. Let’s get out of here.”
Okay, I’ll take your word for it, Rogers.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to start calling me ‘Cap’ now too, Tony.” Steve glanced meekly over at Tony.
“Excuse me?” The scientist turned around to face one of his colleagues who was helping the other with their damaged tablet, “
Tony nodded, but he stayed put. “Okay…” he took a moment, “let’s input the functions we need to generate a detonator and then we’ll deploy it once we get off this island…”
Nicholas J. Fury
“Tony!” Peter ran to his dad, “are you okay?”
“Tony, you’re awake.” Steve smiled down at Tony, feeling relief rush over him as he carefully grasped Tony’s hand while the other gently rubbed his shoulder.
Tony brooded.
“I didn’t sneak out. And no…he seemed fine. He asked me to stay for breakfast…and volunteered to drive me home, but I needed to get out of there…”
“I can get you what you need. I have to pick up Peter from May’s anyway.” He said as he reached out a hand to help Steve into the chair.
After much delay, the first event of the Synergy promotional tour had arrived the following week. For the first event, Steve and Tony were due to give a debut presentation at a design expo at the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum on Pier 86. Steve had trouble falling asleep the night before, and now, as he prepped with Tony in a room reserved for them backstage, Steve could feel himself hanging on the brink of his nerves possibly crippling his performance. However, as he ran through his lines repeatedly, Steve was ultimately thankful that he could do the presentation with Tony; they had figured out a good back and forth and a solid narrative that Steve was more or less comfortable with.
Peter giggled. “No! 1957!”
“Maybe you’re right…” Tony uncrossed his arms to rest his hands on his hips. He then took a moment before walking toward another console across the lab.
Bruce tapped on the tracker a few times, but his facial expression hardened as he worked through the controls.
“Or, we’re using the vibranium to stabilize the core of the Synergy device, but yes.” Tony corrected as pedantically as possible.
Suddenly, as everyone else waited anxiously for him to respond, Loki began to laugh. The laughter started out quiet, but then rose to a high maniacal register.
Steve glared angrily at Tony before marching past him and up the stairs to exit the basement.
Tony waited before motioning for Bruce to continue. “But, what, Banner?”
Tony tapped on his phone a few times, reworking the message until he finally settled on one that wasn’t impersonal but conveyed professionalism. Well, he thought so anyway.
Thanos stopped in his tracks causing Obadiah to almost run into him from behind. “If I don’t go further, I won’t achieve my goals which is what this entire process has been about.”
“Indeed. Now in other related news. Former CFO of Stark Industries, Obadiah Stane, in connection with the explosion, has been indicted on multiple charges of fraud, bribery, manslaughter, assault—”
Steve nodded slowly as he leaned forward in his chair. “Of course, Tony. I would have done that for you even if…we…weren’t dating…”
“My father is dangerous and desperate…” Gamora started, taking a moment, “…I tried to stop him, but he’s too far gone.”
Steve turned to Tony with a nod before accessing another elevator to get to their suite floor. They rode the elevator to their floor before it opened into a gigantic foyer.
Steve curiously tipped his chin upward. Stark Industries had thousands of employees, so he knew he would never meet every single one, but he thought he would have at least met Thor’s brother before now.
Steve turned around with a kind smile which made Ned turn even more red. “I think Tony said your mom said something about nuts, right?”
“Japan!” Peter responded joyfully.
Steve felt an aching drop in the pit of his stomach. “Th-that was…real? I thought that was a dream...”
They met each other near the middle of the office. Tony let Steve rub his arm as Tony leaned inward toward Steve’s body, making a move to hug him. Steve reciprocated the hug, practically holding Tony.
Steve smiled as he accepted the tablet. “Thank you for that mountain of confidence, Dr. Banner.”
Suddenly, the live band’s singer paused before singing a rendition of Billie Holiday’s “I’ll Be Seeing You.” Tony gulped as he quickly looked over in Steve’s direction, remembering that that had been the song playing while he and Steve kissed for the second time after their argument over the failsafe.
Tony sighed before he took his time straightening up in his chair. “Steve told me that someone at the board event thought they were dating…”
Tony stared at Pepper before slowly nodding. “Okay…I’ll call him when I get home tonight…”
the one who didn’t about know this?”
Bucky perked up at the comment. “Well, it doesn’t sound like the letter was
Although he wasn’t in the mood to hear it, Tony appreciated Rhodey’s sentiment. He hung his head, fiddling around with the cutlery.
Looking forward to lunch tomorrow!
“Do you know where they made the first robot?” Peter read carefully before looking up at Tony again.
delicate.”
“Tony, wait,” Bruce placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder, “what about Obadiah?”
He took a moment before slowly rising from the bed, walking to the corner of the room where there was a chair. He picked up the chair to carry back over to Steve’s bed. He looked at Steve, smiling a little as he reminded himself that Steve was getting better. He positioned the chair next to the bed, sitting down as he grabbed his snacks and some documents he needed to review.
“Make sure…my funeral isn’t tacky, Parker, because your dad is going to kill me.” Tony breathed deeply as he groaned from the aches and pains caused by the fall.
Steve managed to whine to himself as he exited the kitchen to head to the master bedroom.
of his presents.” Everyone collectively groaned at Tony’s comment, causing Tony to laugh as he held his hands up.
“The ninth.” Thor answered swiftly, yet harshly.
Tony waved him off. “Yeah, I’ll see you at the simulation thing.”
Nevertheless, Loki grinned to himself as he came up with the plan in his head, walking back to the kitchen to finish his sandwich before binge watching one of his favorite TV shows.
Tony lingered near the car, now ruminating over the possibility of Steve moving in with them.
“Tell Steve about your task for today.”
We have the pleasure to inform you that you have been accepted into Project Synergy. This is a unique opportunity to bring a diverse pool of professionals together to change the course of human interaction, technology, and global community. You will be joined with others who have made notable strides in their careers. You will be challenged and supported by your future teammates. The world needs your collaboration in order to bring about peace and sustainability.
Gamora felt her father brush past her as he rushed out of the safety room. She them turned her body to prevent her sister from following him.
“Just trying to be open and honest.” Tony heard Steve behind him, but he pressed forward, trying to change the subject as they walked.
Steve tried to process Obadiah’s warning as he furrowed his brow. He looked around for Tony who was across the way talking to Sam.
to make this into a bigger deal than it already is, Rhodes.” He wagged a finger at Rhodey before settling, taking his time to look directly at him.
Tony’s heart sank. He needed more time to get over Pepper, so it wasn’t helpful whenever she suggested meeting up. Tony had always found a way to get out of it, but ever since launching the Synergy program, Pepper had increased her efforts to get him to talk to her.
“I need to check on Peter.” Tony said to Steve as he walked past him.
Steve nodded wearingly, but before he could respond, Strange appeared in the room.
Pepper reached out a hand which Tony accepted after taking a moment. “Steve’s allowed to be close to other people. You’re close with your friends. You’re close with me and we used to date. Is Steve weird about that?”
,” he first corrected with a wink, “they have an age restriction at Peter’s school for this competition, but this thing the boys managed to put together is better than what I’ve seen the older kids do.”
Obadiah shot Tony the widest, unnerving grin. “Of course, Anthony. It’s good to hear that your team is doing
“Okay, keep searching. But we have to keep this on the low, okay?”
Tony grimaced. “What do you mean?” He answered sharply.
Steve let out a weird giggle before looking away from Tony. He found himself blushing at Tony’s arresting smile, feeling a hand on his shoulder. Steve told himself to play it cool as he turned to face Tony.
Immediately, Tony felt deflated. He knew this was a sign that Steve wasn’t interested in him.
“Really? What’s
“Tony?”
“Okay, great. You know, they say it’s difficult, but it sounds like you’re getting the hang of it, despite this little snafu.” Tony knew Rhodey was alluding to his anxiety over parenting Peter beyond the failed scheduled pickup.
“…can’t we use the device for the missing pieces? It’ll probably be a better fit than anything Selvig could come up with…”
Tony grinned back, finishing his message before he fished a business card out of his pants pocket.
But Tony had thought Pepper had been the right person, and the people he had been with before that and so on and so on. He remembered once telling a past boyfriend that he knew they were in love one month into their relationship only to break up the month after. Once he told another ex-girlfriend one evening that they were going to adopt at least three kids, but then they broke up at the end of the following week after a stupid fight over meeting up somewhere for her birthday.
“Too bad you’re not spending the night…” Tony murmured, tilting his head upward to kiss Steve.
Steve hung his head; he figured it was better to get it over with.
However, suddenly, as he attempted to refocus on his work, Tony felt a dull pain in his chest, halting for a moment to calm himself down.
“So, I just wanted to say that I feel dumb that I didn’t know who you were the first time we met…” The comment earned laughter from the guests.
ritual involved that includes literal and figurative prep, if you know what I mean.” He winked at Steve as he waved his hand about.
Tony sighed internally.
“Could you be here around 6:30?”
Steve shuffled around as Tony made a move to join him on the opposite side of the bed by practically climbing over him. As he felt Tony settle next to him, Steve let out an uncomfortable-sounding sigh.
Tony groaned as he placed his hands on his hips. “I told Happy I was picking up Peter today and I totally forgot because I’m too damned stressed about this fucking project. I can’t leave this sequencing unattended though.”
Tony nodded before he hung his head. Steve watched him, struggling to keep his anger in check.
Peter kept giggling as he looked up Steve with a huge smile, and Steve laughed loudly at Tony’s expense.
Tony nodded before wagging a finger at Steve. “Yet, something about the tone in your voice and the way you’re looking at me right now suggest otherwise.” He proceeded to walk to the bathroom.
it’s saucy.”
“…that…I think…”
Steve sighed as he watched Tony and Peter comment on his ad. But as he watched, he began to laugh with them; something about the moment felt warm and familial.
Tony and Bruce were riding the employee express elevator to the Research and Development floor in Stark Tower after one of their weekly breakfast dates.
Tony gasped loudly. Steve thought it sounded like someone had hit him from behind. “You’re not use to smartphones or tablets and
Steve narrows his eyes. ”Stark…is he related to Howard Stark?”
”Traitor,” Tony mutters.
With a hum, Steve tucks the blanket over them and holds on to Tony as almost imperceptible tremors run along his frame.
For a moment, Steve does nothing but watch. He lets his eyes track Tony from head to toe, takes in the way he sways slightly and catches himself on the kitchen counter, the way his hands fly as he keeps on the continuous commentary to Jarvis on things Steve has no hope of truly understanding, the way his lips purse and his brows move as he contradicts himself twenty times over and ends up on yet another tangent as he tries to locate the coffee pot from the fridge. And two things hit Steve as clear as a day and as sure as the sun.
Tony stares at him with wide eyes.
”Why are
A shrill alarm drowns out his words.
He pauses and then continues,
Then, one day, he throws an absent-minded glance at his sketchbook and freezes. It shows yet another page filled with studies of those eyes and over one pair of eyes is Steve’s Ray-Ban, haphazardly tossed on the coffee table as he came home earlier that morning.
A wave of familiar amusement rolls through him and Steve huffs a laugh. The movement spikes a jolt of intense pain along his spine and into his head and he hisses through his teeth, clenches his hands into fists as he tries to weather through it. Somewhere in the background, shrill alarms go off and the sound only adds to the pain ricocheting in his head, inducing a mass of madly swirling colors that make him nauseous.
Pain.
”Tired,” he says.
”Tony—”
”Sleep tight, Steve,” she says and presses her hand on the side of the dome. ”I’ll be back tomorrow.”
”No, it wasn’t,” Agent Coulson agrees. ”But that’s what he still believes because it aligns with what he still thinks of himself. And that’s the man I love. I choose him, every day. And every day I remind him that he isn’t allowed to dictate my feelings. Despite what he thinks about himself, I have the right to love him for what and who he is.”
”Thanks, Jarvis,” he half-whispers.
Jarvis says.
Steve nods slowly, unsure of what to say.
”But you’re asking me to accept the existence of a Norse god,” Steve snaps.
Tony feels light in his arms and the way he curls close to Steve’s chest makes his heart ache. He likes this, the way Tony just
”Your limbs move and you can talk and swallow which is promising. Even with the Cradle, you’ll need extensive physical and occupational therapy and possibly speech therapy as well. Lucky for you, you’ll have the best minds of the world at your disposal.”
”Not everything but enough,” Steve says. ”Why?”
Tony tenses and starts pushing himself up but Steve refuses to let him go. ”Wait,” he says, catching Tony’s hand in his own. ”I’m sorry,” he says.
He closes his eyes and thinks for a moment. ”The Valkyrie,” he says. ”Ocean. Ice.”
Jarvis says. When Steve doesn’t comment, he asks,
He swallows, closes his eyes, and presses his forehead against Tony’s.
When Steve doesn’t comment, the picture changes from Agent Barton to the red-haired woman.
That’s the first thing Steve realizes when he slowly pries his eyes open. He’s expecting pain and getting the stiff discomfort that tells about too much time spent on his back, unmoving.
Steve sighs and opens his eyes. He’s getting tired of being out of the loop even though he also knows he should just be grateful he isn’t dead.
”Why do I have hot chocolate?” Tony asks but takes another sip anyway. It brings a bit of color to his cheeks, Steve is glad to notice.
”Right,” Steve says.
Steve hums a non-committal sound. ”Are they—Agents Coulson and Barton—openly together or is it something only I or the team is privy to?”
If the pain from before was uncomfortable, Steve doesn’t want to know what the…doctor? This has to be the doctor Jarvis mentioned. Anyway, he doesn’t want to know what the doctor would define as pain.
Jarvis says softly,
There’s a moment of silence and then the voice says,
Jarvis asks, sounding amused.
”What happened?” Steve asks.
”It was mine but you need it more,” he says. ”Drink up.”
The doors ding softly as he arrives and Steve realizes right away that perhaps this was a mistake.
In mere moments, he’s asleep.
”You were buried under a collapsing building. While your shield protected your internal organs, it didn’t fully cover your head. Your skull was crushed and your brain suffered massive damage. We managed to evacuate you in time to avoid complete loss of limb and life but it was touch-and-go for quite a while.” She pauses and raises a brow. ”Obviously you suffered massive trauma on your extremities but as you probably know, that is and has been something your body can deal with when given enough time.”
Tony lets out an ugly laugh. ”On my own?” He echoes. ”That’s rich coming from you.” He turns to finally look at Steve and the raw look in his eyes feels like a punch in the gut. ”You told me you can’t do this anymore. Do you remember that, huh? You said and I quote: ’I can’t keep on watching you destroy yourself and do nothing. You won’t let me help you and you don’t want to change. What other choice do I have?’ That’s what you said Steve.” He raises a brow and sneers. ”So tell me, who decided and what on their own,
”Fucking hell,” he mutters.
Jarvis says.
”You know, when I woke up this time, I knew I was in the future. The Cradle was way too fantastical to be anything from way back then,” he says conversationally. ”I knew who I was but I didn’t know where I was, and when I finally learned, I felt like there was something missing. There’s been something missing all the time.” He cocks his head and gives Tony a long look.
”I’m in the future,” Steve says. It’s not a question.
”You must be kidding,” Steve says flatly.
Dr. Banner flits in and out at times, almost unnoticeable. He checks in on Steve’s charts and leans against the doorframe, nibbling the cuticle of his thumb. Later, when Steve can return to his quarters, Dr. Banner visits him and they spend a lovely, silent afternoon playing mahjong. It’s quiet and relaxing and if Dr. Banner—Bruce—uses the game for testing and rehabilitation purposes, it’s completely fine by him.
”It’s better this way,” Tony says, not quite meeting his eyes.
Now that the voice mentions it, Steve can feel a thin tube in the back of his throat. He swallows and tries (and fails) to decipher the strange feeling the tube transmits. He ends up blinking instead as he tries to take in his surroundings. The cocoon he’s in is as comfortable as something like this can be, he supposes. The light is dim and soft and the dome over his body is opaque, preventing him from seeing what’s outside the closed space he’s in.
”Yeah, sure,” Steve says and a moment later, he’s alone.
And then, he’s gone and Steve is left standing in the empty workshop, frustrated and tired to the bone.
The fleeting memory stings and then it’s gone, covered in soft clouds that cover his consciousness and make him float.
”Just one?” Steve says.
Tony snorts. ”Yeah, sure,” he says in a rough voice and makes no attempt to move away from Steve’s arms.
”Okay,” Steve whispers. He feels tired.
Jarvis says.
”Who came up with the name?” Steve can’t help but ask. ”And what are they—we—supposed to avenge?”
”—team dynamics can go fuck themselves—”
When Jarvis turns the volume down, Tony freezes at his workstation before he slowly turns around.
Jarvis concluded.
Jarvis’s voice trails away before he lets out a sound, not unlike a sigh—which is pretty amazing, considering he’s an AI—and unlocks the door. The music hits him like a physical sensation and he grimaces against the sound.
Pain. So much pain.
”Okay,” Steve says, feeling slightly lost. But he fishes out a handful of letters and starts reading and in no time, he’s sucked in.
”Programmed…by whom?”
Something about Anthony Stark’s smirk rubs him wrong. It’s artificial and fake and Steve has a feeling it’s another suit of armor, just different from Iron Man.
For a moment, everything is silent. Then the elevator hums to life and starts rising. Steve isn’t sure what the feeling fluttering under his sternum is but it might be anticipation. Or dread. They feel pretty similar.
the voice says.
Jarvis lets out a hum.
”Don’t be,” she says. ”This has been a long time coming.” She turns and gives him a tight smile, walks to him, and guides him back to the elevator. ”Jarvis, look after him, won’t you?”
The first time Steve wakes up achingly hard, he’s mostly relieved. He is a man in his prime and while impotence wouldn’t be the end of the world (especially after the massive injuries he recovered from), he was worried. Of course he was. He makes his way into the bathroom, takes himself into hand, and jerks off, and doesn’t really wonder why he’s thinking about brown eyes and a glowing blue light as he comes.
there, the perfect size to tuck his face against Steve’s throat. Tony puffs soft, warm breaths against Steve’s skin, and his hair is flecked with some suspicious, glittery particles, and Steve doesn’t want to let go of him.
Jarvis greets him.
Jarvis corrects him.
Jarvis says calmly.
”Uh,” he says.
the voice continues.
He’s in some kind of cocoon, wearing nothing but an undershirt and a pair of soft pants. Carefully, he tries wiggling his toes and is relieved when they move. His fingers also move and he raises a hand to touch his face.
”—I don’t care. I’ll cover everything, no matter—”
He walks them into the elevator and barely suppresses a snort as Tony leans his forehead against the door and promptly falls asleep. With a small smile, Steve picks him up, and then the door slides open to reveal the dimly lit penthouse, brighter lights leading the way to Tony’s bedroom.
