Sherlock gave a start.
“Listen, are you quite sure it’s finished with Trevor?” John asked roughly against his mouth when they finally broke apart. “I couldn’t bear to think of you with him.”
: Shit. I’m phoning. Pick up.
Sherlock fervently hoped it would be so, but he heard the note of doubt in his brother’s voice.
"We'd all enjoy that, yes," Sherlock replied absently. He'd dropped to his knees and was gazing at the creature's abdomen with rapt attention.
Sherlock started. The creature had echoed his own thoughts. "What? What do you mean?"
: But recently new information has come to light and it seems that I may have been mistaken in several assumptions I have made.
Luring me with the promise of power,
Mycroft had called her in to consult on this special case--the most exhilarating of her career--on the sole condition that she not involve his brother. And here he was, planted in the middle of her lab and looking unlikely to shift.
John murmured a soft reply: "Who'd have thought.... First time I saw you I thought, ‘I want him.' Just like that... ‘Wouldn’t we be something, together.’ And it is so."
Sherlock noted that his voice was significantly lower and quieter than it had been the day before.
: HAHAHAHAHAHA U call urself a detective
"But -- 'trying.' You said they were 'trying' to make incisions. It didn't work?"
"I want a row and I'll have it. Surely you owe me that much." He came in his oldest manner and thrust a hand into Victor's hair. "Sit down. Now why did you write me that letter?"
At the stroke of the hour, the familiar, piercing bright light returned, flooding the parking lot and all but blinding the men in attendance.
Molly was entirely focused on her display panel, from which she was to monitor both instrument readings and Sherlock's verbal instructions for adjustments during the length of the search--however long it might take. Sherlock, meanwhile, was making final checks on his controls, ensuring perfect calibration.
he's not going to fire the best xenobiologist in the country. You're far too valuable, especially now. But no matter! I've been tipped off by other sources, so your conscience is perfectly clear. You didn't tell me. You don't know who did. All you need to do is put your files on your desk for a few hours and leave me alone."
And if it wasn't still raining! Wet morning after yesterday's downpour, wet on the roofs and the Museum, at home and on the greenwood. Controlling himself and choosing his words very carefully, Sherlock said, "This is just what I want to talk about. Why don't we arrange so as we do meet again?"
“Why?”
“John, are you going to be anxious until you know what the answer is?” ‘Lock asked, as he steepled his fingers and rested his chin.
had cut it off him and thrown the pieces into a fire. He ran his fingers over the scar that used to be his soul mark.
John stared at the phone in disbelief and tucked it into his pocket with a note of finality before he went back to the funeral parlor. He cleared his throat, and said loudly, “Sorry, folks. It’s time to go…” John’s family looked at him in shock, but his expression remained emotionless. “Rosie and I need-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course,” ‘Lock kissed the top of John’s head before he reached behind his Omega to restart the elevator. “I don’t want to get the boot before we even start to terrorize anyone.”  John chuckled, not wanting to pull away from his Alpha.
Rosie flopped down on her father, and tried to make herself as big as possible. Her small 5’2’’ frame barely covered any of her Papa’s looming 6’ frame. “You said you’d do this with me,” Rosie whined a bit. “Don’t make me tell Nanny Hudders that you-”
Sherlock’s mind was racing with thoughts of John. John’s mind was full of thoughts of Sherlock. Neither had the audacity to suggest so to the other.
“How did you know? Tony just told me this morning.”
John buried his face in ‘Lock’s neck and kissed it. “Because I love you.”
“Right, of course you’re,” ‘Lock slurred, suddenly feeling tired.
“I want to.”
“Piss off, Lock. you’re extra cheerful and it’s downright annoying,” John grumbled.
“Yes, of course! You’re-” John started, then cut himself off. “Is this how it went with your ex?”
‘Lock placed his hands on John’s, “John, is this-”
“Sherlock,” John agreed, stepping past him. His eyes roamed the filthy room, and he carefully started walking through it.
The doors opened to the elevator, and ‘Lock led the way to the hotel room. He unlocked the door, and led his tired Omega in the bathroom. John pulled away and practically ran to the tub. He stripped quickly, and drew himself a bath.  He sunk down in the hot water and sighed happily. He glanced out to his left and saw the entirety of NYC spread out before him.
“Do you expect a ring?” Sherlock asked, noting the lack of a tan line from his previous marriage.
“Can we go wait for her?”
“Go on, now. I love you. Stay safe. Text me from Auntie Molly’s phone.”
Mycroft eased his phone back onto the stand. “Sherlock says hello.”
“I can’t, Sherl. I put him in danger. I put the pups in danger. I should have fought harder-”
A loud throat clearing caused the two merrymakers to freeze instantly. In a loud authoritative voice, the disciplinarian of the house said, “Enough. I’m working and you two are interrupting me.”
“I’ll call Dr. Zin in the morning and see if he’ll-”
“I’m sorry, baby,” John said, pulling her into his arms. She groaned, and returned the hug. John clung to her, and gently kissed the top of her head.
“Hello, Mr. Holmes.”
John turned towards Sherlock, cocked his head and grinned. “What else am I thinking, big boy?”
is so important that I can’t even mourn my own wife?” John snarled, hot tears welling up in his eyes.
“Sherlock’s dead, Mrs. Hudson!” John called, as she slammed her door.
“I’ve got eyes, brother mine. I can see how handsome he is.” Greg smiled. “You better marry him before someone else does--”
John rubbed his face and rolled over into the warm body next to him. He turned his face away to stifle a sob in his pillow.
The office door flung open with a bang. Rosie came running into the room waving a lolly. “Papa, why are you kissing Daddy? Are you coming to Canterbury with me?”
“I can’t, but Grandmother could have, and would in a heartbeat,” Mycroft mused.
“I know sarcasm!” Mycroft said, indignantly.  “I just didn’t-”
Greg slammed his hand on the glass, and shouted, “Call your boss. Tell him you have Mycroft Holmes’ pregnant husband here. Tell him now.” Greg continued to stare down the Alpha until he saw him pick up a phone and press a few buttons.
“Sleep.”
As he walked past his trainers, John snagged them on his way to his chair. John sat down, and started putting his socks on.
The little girl giggled, and hugged her Dad around his neck. John held her close to his chest, and whispered, “Daddy loves you, acushla.” In response, she grabbed a fistful of his jacket and tugged.
“Are you truly apathetic or just tired?” ‘Lock asked, with a rub on the back.
“Again?” Mycroft asked, with a slight growl. A delicate sniff revealed nothing but the underlying fetus smell.  “Who fucked my husband?”
“What do you mean?” John asked, with a sly glance. Sherlock was looking down at his hands and wringing his hands together.
“You’re dead cheerful at a party, aren’t you, mate?” Moran said, as he slid into a seat.
John’s job interview
“We’re getting married!” ‘Lock said, hastily. “I just-”
John considered what Sherlock had said, before he blurted out, “You’re not my first Alpha.”
It wasn’t hours later, or even days later, that John and Sherlock were reunited. It was three weeks, five days, seven hours later, but John was there. He fought to free Sherlock, and as soon as they were to safety, John reacted the way you think he would. He tended to Sherlock’s wounds, then gave him a proper chewing out that ended with the two of them making out while professing their affections and apologizing at the same time.
“Thank you, Papa. Now, let’s go wait for Aunt Molly.”
“Are you two ladies done gabbing? Let’s get tea!” Moran called down the hall to them disappearing into the cafeteria.
“Wish I could say the same, sir. These agents are right bastards.” Greg cast them a filthy glance, then turned back to the ambassador. “Regardless, I need to get home. I’ve been away for far too long.”
A loud text tone woke John Watson up hours later. He fumbled with his phone in his pocket to get it to his eye level. Blurry eyed he looked at the screen, but couldn’t make it out. ‘Lock twitched in his sleep knocking the phone out of John’s hand. “You arse,” he huffed, as he fumbled for it.
many stitches?”
I wanted to keep the chapters at 3K, but it's at 4.5K and my Beta's only half way done.
“Jeffery.”
John waved nicely, and the punk just rolled her eyes.  “Do you have bags?”
He walked out of the room, and carefully shut the door behind himself. He peeked through the window, as Dr. John Watson worked on his brother. He saw the smile on Greg’s face and the deft movements of John’s hands. Sherlock only managed to duck out of the window before John came out of the room.
“So, what’s important?” Ella asked in her calm reassuring manner.
“Oh, did he?” John asked, curiously. “Does Papa have the authority to say ‘yes’?”
“Why are you allowed to cry about his lack of a spouse, but I can’t plot for him to get married?”
“You were amazing. I’m really glad that your…”
Nothing felt like home like this did. Before John could overthink or second guess, he stood up on his tippy toes. John took a deep breath, and pulled Sherlock down to him. Their lips met and John groaned into the kiss. Sherlock tightened his arms around John, and sighed into the kiss.
Sherlock squeezed his brother’s hand. “Well, go get your man. What are you waiting for?” Sherlock asked.
“No, love. I can’t sleep anymore. I’ll hold you.” John offered, gathering up the container and spoon. John went out to the kitchen and got waters out of the fridge. He carried three of them to the living room before he carefully maneuvered around ‘Lock’s legs to sit. John handed him a water bottle, and sipped his own cautiously. He then reached for the food. Mindlessly he tuned into the ‘Blue Planet’ episode on BBC.
“He’s practically showing off!” John agreed, sarcastically, grabbing his phone up.
Thank you so much for sticking with me so far if you have. Thank you for all the love and support.
“Well, what you’re proposing is pure American. You know Tex would be proud.”
After the babies were free, John glanced at the resident to his left and smiled. “Dr. Rami, would you please start work on the hysterectomy while I talk to our patient?”
“Gregory-”
“I wish there was, Mr. Holmes. We’ve already reviewed palette colors and his height, but I need to measure his feet and his sleeve-”
John held his free hand out to Sherlock, before shaking it. “You’re no better. Your brother said, “danger” and you’re here.”
“How do you feel?” John asked, as he gently rubbed his Alpha’s hand.
“Of course, I am!” John shouted, then glanced over to him. “Sherlock,” He sighed. “I am sick of not having a job. I am bored of being at home all the time. I am exhausted of playing maid.”
John smiled at Sherlock gratefully, then down at his plate, but didn’t respond.
“I didn’t know MI-6 was in the country.”
“Five minutes of a Google search isn’t research.”
“No identible marks, my Alpha.” Greg said before he leaned in and gently kissed his husband. “I missed you so much, Myc.”
“Your brother really is a good man.”
“Too long ago-” Rosie interrupted her Papa. “That happened in 2005 and Daddy said the girl died three years ago.”
“Fucked more like it,” John said, placing his tea cup down. “No, Nan, it wasn’t James.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock cut in, realizing he
John elbowed him, then turned back to Greg. “Please excuse us. So Greg, this is my surgical nurse, Patrick Moran. He and I used to work together back in Germany and then again in Afghanistan.”
“The day you and Myc got married, I opened a trust fund account for them. I don’t know what all it’s doing, but there’s thousands of pounds in there and they’ll be able to buy a nice home or build a university. I did put a clause in there that they have to admit Uncle Sherlock is better than Dad, but.” Sherlock shrugged. “I’m the young brother. I get to be petty.”
“I reckon,” Moran shot back, with a smirk. “Watson--”
“Of course I do! Why do you think I was hell-bent and determined to make it work with Mary?”
“It’s been brewing for years. This thing you’ve finally let yourself feel-”
“Go away,” Sherlock Holmes said, trying to hide a smile as he pulled the blanket over his head.
Sherlock waved his hand. “That’s unimportant. I asked for a Watson story.”
“Would you like me to hold you?”
“Mycroft Holmes! You wouldn’t do that to your favorite human. Forcing him to get married to a stranger-”
“‘Lock is currently struggling with that himself,” John supplied helpfully.
“John, may I have those biscuits?”
“That’s not my problem.”
John exhaled loudly, and reached down to ruffle her hair. “Hi, Honey Bee. Did your Papa bring you?”
‘Lock stalked around the suite, and found it to his satisfaction. The rooms were cleaner than clean, and it was decorated in a modern way. ‘Lock opened the door out to the balcony before he pulled his suit jacket off. He slung it on the back of the nearest chair and pulled his shoes and socks off. He placed them by the door like he did at home.
Sherlock studied him, then said in a flat voice, “You wish I’d stayed behind with my brothers.”
John nodded his head, and quickly kissed Sherlock’s cheek before he sat down at his desk. The smile on John’s face didn’t fade all night.  John burned through his charting and made it downstairs just as Rosie, Molly, and Greg were pulling away. Sherlock turned around and saw John exiting the building. His entire face softened, and happiness twinkled in Sherlock’s eyes.
“They brought my ex up. They asked why I left him.” Sherlock said, not turning to look at his brother.
“She’s mine?” Greg asked, looking up tearfully.
“It could have been you.”
“Alright brother, let’s get you boys home.” She took the sign and slid it into the recycling as she led them to her car. She held the door open, while the boys climbed in. She settled in herself, and took off.
“Yes, my Omega,” ‘Lock murmured gently stroking the back of his Omega’s head.
John leaned forward to turn the stove on, and took a deep breath as he relaxed back into position.
“You really don’t know me. You claim you do, but we don’t talk about what matters. We talked about Mary and my nightmares, but we never talk about what’s important,” John said, angrily. He flexed his fist and unflexed it. He picked up his cold tea and took a sip trying to calm himself.
“Or Coli?”
‘Lock glanced down at the hand in his, and smiled widely. “I’m the luckiest human in the whole world.”
Take care of your Omega. Congratulations on the engagement, brother mine. GH
John shut the door securely behind himself, and exhaled loudly. He went to the sink, and talked himself through washing his hands.
“Anything could happen, Papa-”
Another disappointed noise. “You are my Omega.. You were then, you are now, and you will be again.”
“Have you ever scent-bonded?” John asked, sleepily.
Rosie stomped her foot, and looked at John. “Papa is also the boss.”
Read the label on the biscuit tin. John has a dinner with Sherlock and his stalker appears.
“Hey, I missed you also my Omega-”
“Papa, did you know about Canterbury?”
First kiss anyone?
‘Lock pulled his Omega to the baggage claim area to find their driver. Waiting for them was a petite punk with vibrant tattoos holding a sign that said, “Dr and Mr. Holmes.”
John took another gulp of wine. “If you want to be a detective so badly, why not join the force? Surely that’s a better place for an amatuer-”
“Because Dr. Hannah Callahan is going to be there!”
“Is this sarcasm?” Sherlock asked, with a glance at John, then his brother.
‘Lock shifted himself closer to his Omega. “Runs in families. Always on the left hand. Not both partners get it. In fact, there’s only been two documented cases of spouses having Soul Marks that have defined shapes… Mostly, they’re just shapeless blobs.”
“Sorry, Daddy,” Rosie said, kissing John on his cheek. She wiped most of the flour off his face before turning back to go into the kitchen. Rosie must have nudged Sherlock or made a “apologize!” face at her Papa.
“You’re nervous for your brother in law.” John comforted him, voice soothing. “Completely normal. He’ll do great.”
John sniffed, “I’m an adept liar.”
“So what equipment failed?” Rosie asked, brushing her long bangs out of her face.
“What the fuck?” John laughed, then reached for ‘Lock’s hand. ‘Lock took the older man’s hand.
“Is now a good time?” John asked, curiously.
“You really want to go away with me?”
“Mmm?”
“Mary’s dead.. And I’m
Less than twenty minutes. I’ll be in touch.  MH
Sherlock studied John, and finally shook his head. “Next time we go for a walk, I’ll point out all the queer folx.”
“I’ll wait for you, ‘Lock. Moran, if you want, you can go ahead. He’ll need an I.V. started. I’ll be doing my own anesthesia.”
“Did it work?”
Sherlock looked him over, then shyly asked “Would you like to be a Holmes?”
Greg grinned at Sherlock, and glanced over his shoulder at Mycroft. “I don’t need luck. I’ve got a skilled surgeon.”
John hummed non-committedly as he watched the resident work. He was doing great and nearly had the uterus detached.
“Is real?”
John couldn’t stop the smile that was budding on his lips. “No, darling, Daddy is just greeting Papa properly.”
A joyful shout of “Thank you! Thank you!” came just before the other man shed more tears. “You have no idea what this means to me!”
“Court appointed or not, Doctor. We’ve been together long enough that I know you are trying to get better-”
John laughed, “American? Oh, that arsehole! He hates my American procedures and my British attitude of “get out of my way”.”
“Oh, Mother-” Bethany started to complain, but a stern look from John quieted her. “Johnny Watson, I’ll never know what goes on in that head of yours. You are a dreadful child.”
“Speaking of Papa, you better go apologize before he removes his headsets and we have to listen to his awful violin screeching.”
Quietly John spoke to her, “Acushla, I’m going to take care of you any way I have to. Is breá liom tú. I love you, my darling.”
John laughed. “Icy.”
“Well, now, I’m grumpy and need a snuggle.” Greg sighed, easing back into bed. Mycroft wrapped his arms around his husband, and held him tightly. Greg placed his hands on Mycroft’s arms, and scooted back into the older man’s arms. “You are a horrible husband sometimes.”
“No, I rarely sleep. I do play my violin for hours at a time, and some days I don’t talk at all.”
. He entered the operating room, and stopped thinking about Sherlock as he saw his patient’s worried face.
When Sherlock arrived home from his dinner with Mycroft, there was a telegram waiting on his tray. His heart gave a great leap in his chest and he seized it with no little trepidation, almost trembling as he opened it.
For though when our bodies rise from pain
"No, I thought I'd come along with you instead."
: I say that becyuae the whole time he was fuciking me he was thinking of u
Every time you think of it?
"True." Sherlock looked askance.
: Maybe we’ll see you around, yeah? I’d like that.
Sherlock regarded him carefully. Third-years barely bothered to speak to him, usually.
It had been an ordinary talk, he told himself, entirely ordinary. They’d been caught out just in time. He must cultivate a breeziness against their next meeting, lest he frighten Trevor away; lest he expose himself. He must not allow himself to feel too strongly. He must not begin to care.
Hear me, ambitious souls,
"The March out of the Pathetique—"
HEADCANON: Sally and Tom become a devoted crime-fighting duo in their own right, and everyone lives happily every after.
"What about that? How does that feel?"
"Victor's out," said the young hostess artlessly when they met. "He sends you his love or something, and will be in to dinner. Archie will valet for you if you wish? But I don't believe you want looking after."
For thought of his conquest over me
: Things have been a bit of a mess for me for a long time, but I think they’re finally starting to make sense again. I’m really –
At that instant, a peal of thunder rang out near-simultaneously with a sudden flash of lightning. Watson’s hands tightened on his arms; it was as if an electric current passed through the chain of insignificant events, illuminated them with unbearable brightness, and smashed immediately back into darkness, leaving them dazed.
He swallowed, awed. “John,” he said. His voice was rough. “That was—”
When Sherlock arrived home from his dinner with Mycroft, there was a telegram waiting on his tray. His heart gave a great leap in his chest and he seized it with no little trepidation, almost trembling as he opened it.
Victor shook his head, and smiling said, “This has been perfect, this whole night. We must not ask for more than our share of happiness.” They parted, having established perfection in their lives, at all events for a time.
And died from lock—jaw, an ironical death.
Wherefore, O soul, whose wings are grown,
The creature sat down beside him and put his hand to the glass. “You have one.”
What is this I hear of sorrow and weariness,
* * * * *
"Oh yes, didn't something jam?" He yawned and walked down to the machine. "No, I can't, Sherlock, can you?"
"No. There'll be enough money to keep us while we have a look round. I'm not a fool, nor are you. We won't be starving. I've thought out that much, while I was awake in the night and you weren't."
All will be well; he fights for us;
I took employment in my field.
"Sort of thing you would do."
John growled. "I don't
John shook his head, eyes still locked shut. "I want to believe you, Sherlock, I do, but..."
And careful models of the human form.
"Well, Sherlock, expecting a scolding, are you?" Mycroft asked as they began to walk.
It was the falling asunder of halves,
Never having had a friend before, Sherlock had an overwhelming desire to impress Trevor. He wanted to show his friend that he had something to offer, and where formerly he would have kept silent he began to talk, talk. Always observant, he made wilder and wilder deductions about their fellows, running off strings of logic astonishing in their virtuosity. Very often Trevor made no reply and Sherlock would be terrified lest he was losing him and redouble his efforts. He had heard it said, "Trevor's all right as long as you amuse him, then he drops you," and feared lest by exhibiting what he thought of as his true, abhorrent nature he was bringing on what he tried to avoid. But he could not stop. The craving for notice grew overwhelming, so he talked, talked.
"Oh. Yes, all right. Tell me all your plans."
: Don’t be ridiculous. I talk to him constantly. I talk to him when he's not even in the same room as me.
: Sorry, Molly. Truly, I am sorry. I was – not in my right mind.
: Hang on, “such moments”?
"...almost did, the one time," John was saying.
Do you know why?
Dr. Molly Hooper blushed crimson, but said nothing.
: Your deductive prowess, while substantially inferior to my own, is better developed than most, and you have known John in a friendly capacity for several years. You are the logical person to ask.
"Christ! Did I hurt you?" Victor asked, horror-struck.
Sherlock stared at her, aghast. "Surely not. Not
"There you are. See? Right as rain."
"We love each other, and know it. Then what else—"
Sherlock flinched. "Oh, go to Hell." He staggered to his feet and rushed out into the court. Once more he heard the bang of the outer door. Furious, he stood on the bridge in a night that resembled the first, drizzly with faint stars. He made no allowance for three weeks of torture unlike his own or for the poison which, secreted by one man, acts differently on another. He was enraged not to find his friend as he had left him. Twelve o'clock struck, one, two. He took the last of the cocaine Trevor had given him. He was planning what to say when there is nothing to say and the resources of speech are ended.
That saps the spinning world.
Sherlock, helpless, complied.
“One thing you need to know about me, Sherlock, if we’re to be friends.”
He didn’t respond.
"It rather depends upon some other plans. ... I might have to...”
: What do you mean?
. To keep himself from going mad, he set up various combinations of switching devices connected to electrical timers, and spent hours trying, with all his marvelous quickness of muscular control, to cut shorter and ever shorter the time between the opening and the closing of the switch. At last he had worked it down to an open period of one one-hundredth of a second. Only then was he satisfied.
: GAVIN!
The man seemed interested. "Well, I don’t know. I’ve always taken fancies to both. Haven’t you, really?”
"John, wake up."
"How ever did you know I didn't read it?"
Sherlock flinched, then wheeled around on his heel so that his face was in the shadow.
“Won’t?” Sherlock raised a brow. “
"Oh, Fiddler! Oh, Sherlock Holmes!"
"Less so now. When they're cutting, it's... not pleasant."
: Marvelous. Come by at 16:00 and I’ll see what we can do for you.
Sherlock wasn't gone when she returned, of course. She hadn't really imagined that he would be -- not with a case like this on offer. He pounced on her the instant she set foot through the door.
Sherlock choked on his cigarette.
Lest discipline should suffer, the outings invariably took place just before the end of term, when leniency does no harm. Mycroft usually arranged to take Sherlock out to a tea place, behaving in as hospitable and fatherly a manner as his years could manage. Mycroft, though barely an adult himself, was old-fashioned sort. He cared neither for emotions nor the games of youth, but only for the intellectual development of his rather exceptional brother. The rest he left to Sherlock himself, and did not speculate as to whether or not a boy could reasonably be left to see to his own emotional and moral development. Indeed, it was at public school that Sherlock received upon undefended flesh the first blows of social indifference and cruelty. Still, there is much to be said for apathy in education, and if Mycroft’s pedagogy left something to be desired, perhaps he did not do badly in the long run.
“You’ll write to me?” he’d asked playfully on their last evening together.
"I may do, but I feel like an M.A."
And that is why I fled from you.
"When I was your age, father told me something that proved useful and helped me a good deal." This was untrue: his father had never told him anything. But he needed a prelude to what he was going to say.
"That isn’t quite what I meant," he interrupted, seeing that Sherlock had finished. “You live in college with other boys.”
Strengthening its wings on what has been gathered,
Without continual clashes.
"Oh, of course. Listen, I—”
"Thanks so much," he said obsequiously, and grimaced as soon as he was alone. “Care of Trevor.” God help him, he must pull himself together. In the drawing-room he greeted Victor without a tremor. They shook hands warmly, Victor saying, "You look awfully fit. Do you know whom you are going to take in to dinner?" and introducing him to some girl or other. Victor had become quite the squire. All his grievances against society had passed since his marriage. They found they had nothing at all to talk about.
"That’s very kind."
"What does it matter if they do?"
It was absolutely quiet now, and absolutely dark. Sherlock walked to and fro on the hallowed grass, himself noiseless, mind in disarray. He walked all night, only going up to his rooms to escape the dawn. Unbeknownst to him, his heart had lit for the first time, and one thing in him at last was real.
"Perhaps you have amnesia," he suggested suddenly. "How did you come here? Where did you come
Sherlock nearly jumped out of his skin. He had known the specimen -- the creature, he supposed -- could speak, of course. He'd read the reports in Molly’s files. But somehow knowing that fact and actually hearing it speak – speak
: so why wd he
: MENTION Tom?
On spring days I tramped through the country
The creature growled, slammed his fist once more into the glass, and retreated to the back of his chamber where it hunched down, hiding as much of itself as it could from view. He refused to speak to Sherlock again for the rest of that night.
There was a long interval: they picked at their food and discussed the motor bicycle, which had never been heard of again, until the coffee had been served and the ladies retired. As early as they could, they made their excuses and retired to Victor’s study where they could resume their conversation more freely.
"Yes, but you didn't write, so I didn't."
: Boring, don’t care.
“Not like that. Really, Sherlock. Just—just once.”
"We can't allow things to go wrong and hurt us again the way they did down at Penge."
: Did you want me to come over, then, or...?
"Hush," cried Victor, with a glance at darkness. Reassured, he said stiffly, "What a grotesque announcement."
"What are you -- what are you feeling? John! Please concentrate. I need to understand what's happening. What are you feeling?"
"Brain problems. I was in a spin, you see; didn’t know what to think, at all. Couldn’t deduce a thing about you. I detest such blindness. I didn't come or write because I wanted to get away from you without wanting you. You won't understand. You kept dragging me back and I got awfully frightened. I felt you every time I tried to sleep. You came hard at me. I knew something was wrong but couldn't tell what, so kept pretending it was you. Kept telling myself you meant me harm. It wasn’t you, though, was it?"
But each distinct, feebly soldered together.
"College blazer with them, sir?"
"What do you mean?"
It was not mine, it was not his;
: I didn’t turn him down.
"Leave 'em too."
“I’m a stubborn man. Well – a stubborn something, anyway. I’m sorry about the silent treatment. It wasn’t ... it wasn’t good of me. But you have to understand – it’s all I have left. To speak or not, that’s the only power I hold, and I” – he took a shuddering breath – “I was very angry at what you said. My life has been destroyed, and you made it sound exciting.”
Then I reeled through a gate and into a yard
He sees it in you, and you in him.
Sherlock shuddered. He clenched his teeth, and a great mass of sorrow that had overwhelmed him by rising to the surface began to sink. He could feel it going down into his heart until he was conscious of it no longer.
"Are you too busy to talk a little?"
A familiar clatter in the hall made the maintenance men pause their conversation. Sherlock Holmes, self-proclaimed "consulting xenophysicist," rushed past them without a glance. He had a reputation for ill temper, and they knew better than to get in his way. As soon as he'd disappeared around the corner, they relaxed against the wall, relighting their cigarettes.
Resting in a little corner of life,
Mycroft sighed and reached for the Times. Perhaps next week he’d insist upon the Criterion.
And loathe the smell of whiskey and onions,
But my soul was soaring miles away
Trevor became thoughtful. Instead of laughing and adding a clever retort, as was his usual way, he lapsed into silence, and merely patted Sherlock’s arm as they went in to dinner.
: You have hangover.
On this occasion, Mycroft had come down to Winchester with the express desire to have a "good talk" with Sherlock. The headmaster had requested this as a special favour, following several subtle yet concerning reports about some of the the boy’s stranger and more misanthropic tendencies. Knowing that Holmes
"Have you been there yourself, then?"
"Oh, now. Like really to know?" asked Victor, sounding surprised.
While others go about from morning till night
"I—. No, I can’t. I’m sorry." Sherlock could not bear to think of such a meeting.
They laughed softly together, dreamily. Sherlock touched Victor’s face; Victor kissed his fingers.
"But hadn't we understood each other for months? Since that first night at Seb Wilkes’, in fact?"
: sorry
"Work? No, no. Of course it won't work. You've neglected to consider the Castalor principle. However--" He raced to the large cabinet on the far side of the room and yanked it open, pulling out a dusty box.
“We'll take five visiplates and cover the sphere,” Sherlock directed. “Two for me, one each for Molly, George, and Anderson. If any of you get a reading, it will be him. Be sure to mark the exact spot and outline on the glass."
: Molly lovres U/
"No, but listen—I tried to keep right. After this mess with Victor, I swore it off entirely, just as you advised. Yes, yes, no need to look so smug."
Stifled by their fear of it.
GREGORY LESTRADE
Sherlock, laughing, cried, "I say, I must bathe properly." He stripped off and did so, while Victor carried his clothes. The light grew radiant. Presently they came to a farm. The farmer's wife was inhospitable and ungracious, but they barely noticed anything aside from each other. She did in the end give them tea and allow Trevor to dry near her kitchen fire. She "left payment to them," and, when they overpaid her, grumbled. Nothing checked their spirits. They transmuted everything to pleasure. Sherlock felt most unlike his usual self; it was a vast relief.
John stood brooding for a moment. "Tomorrow's Thursday, isn't it? Friday's the packing, Saturday the Normannia sails from Southampton."
: John loves U
"I'm fine, Sherlock," the creature said. His voice was milder than Sherlock had ever heard it. "Doesn't hurt. Just tired. It isn't so bad, lying down."
"Well." The creature’s scales rippled. "You wouldn't say that if you'd heard me then."
I did not have the brains.
"Good night," he croaked; his voice was going out of gear, and startling them both.
Sherlock, however, felt a stab of sudden panic. "John?" he cried abruptly, rising swiftly and scanning the cluster of prone bodies now stirring on the ground where they fell. "John?"
"Alright," she said finally. "You know I'm not supposed to leave you alone in the lab, but I'm exhausted and I want a coffee. I'm putting my files down here, and I'll return in 45 minutes. That's all I can do, Sherlock. You'd best not be here when I get back."
I know they tell that I snared souls
To seek and gain great power, and I was not.
He allowed Sherlock to ask questions virtually unchecked, answering each with an understated but stolid intelligence that Sherlock found charming. He remembered a former life in vivid detail -- that of John Watson, late of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and recently discharged and seeking civilian work in London. Nothing about his story seemed at all unusual -- nothing, that is, until he woke up one day, changed.
He felt bewildered. What could he say? What should he say? To speak risked terrible consequences. But silence was equally untenable. Deeper sighs broke from him. They rattled in his throat, the sound of unspeakable words. His head fell back, and he forgot the pressure of Trevor against his knee, forgot that Trevor was watching his turbid agony. He stared at the ceiling with wrinkled mouth and eyes, understanding nothing except that man has been created to feel pain and loneliness without help from heaven.
"Like me? You are me. Do you remember—”
While I was born the whole of such hostile halves,
Molly snapped her fingers. "I was reading up on the latest from MI-6--they've got a new radar scanner built of dagal, which is good stuff, but it isn't as good as your purple metal, inoson, Sherlock. When you developed that, I was sure you'd sell it for millions! Inoson should theoretically detect any energy patterns out of sync with its surroundings--at least, any material possessing molecular structure."
"Have you come into college, Holmes?"
: Why are you drunk at 2 in the afternoon?
As for Sherlock, after this explosion he turned to his career with renewed—indeed with single-minded and almost frenzied zeal. At first he was proud of his self-control: did not he hold Victor's precious reputation in the hollow of his hand? Was he not magnanimous in the extreme? But he grew more bitter, he wished that he had shouted while he had the strength and smashed down this front of lies. What if he too were involved? His family, his position in society—they had been nothing to him for years. He was an outlaw in disguise. Perhaps among those men who left their families and cities and took to the greenwood in old time there had been two men like himself—two. At times he entertained the dream. Two men can defy the world. Yes: the heart of his agony was loneliness. He took time to realize this, being slow to understand his own emotions. The incandescent jealousy, the mortification, the rage at his past obtuseness—these might pass, and having done much harm they did pass. Memories of Victor might pass. But the loneliness remained. He would wake gasping, retching. Victor took to visiting him in dreams. He knew there was no one, but Victor, smiling in his sweet way, said "I'm genuine this time," to torture him. Once he had a dream about the dream of the face and the voice, a dream about it, no nearer. Also old dreams of the other sort, that tried to disintegrate him. Days followed nights. He drugged when his agony grew unbearable. He drugged often—too often—and although this lessened his immediate pain, he sickened with it.
Know that my mother was kind,
: I don’t know how to do this.
From me, a mustard seed.
And I found love with one
Mycroft sighed and pressed a buzzer on his phone.
The body of John Watson reclined in a massive armchair, the fingers of his right hand lightly touching those of his left, his head cocked as if listening attentively to something within himself. It was a strange, unnatural posture, Sherlock thought -- more unnatural even than the sound of John's voice emanating from the body of an alien creature. Sherlock Holmes strode up and down the room, trying – as he had been for the last several hours – to convince the recalcitrant creature to accede to his request. His unruly curls standing on end, he spoke savagely around the burning end of yet another reeking cigarette.
– sounded more tired than angry, Sherlock thought. "You all say you won't hurt me. You all promise to help me. You all –. Well. You know what you do to me."
: it implies only a lack of will.”
is different than
The creature’s scales rippled. “Am. Was. I don’t know. But I know you don’t mean to harm me. And you’re the only person who talks to me like a man. I—I missed it. I missed you.”
"And have done for most of your life."
"I am no lawyer," came the wavering voice. "On this matter you should consult your solicitor."
Sherlock cleared his throat. "You mentioned that your vision is different, now?" he asked, returning to more familiar territory.
"You drunken worthless fucker," he said.
*****
To love is to find your own soul
Sherlock looked down at his hands, avoiding John’s strange eyes. “I suppose there’s something you should know about me, as well.” He slid down to the ground beside the glass partition, unconsciously resuming the position he’d been in during their last conversation. “I’m not good at this, John.” He gestured vaguely between them. “I have been reliably and repeatedly informed that I am robotic in my emotions and freakish in the way I express them. I say the wrong things. I hurt people. Always. And most of the time I don’t even know
With books, thought, suffering,
: I am
"We'll meet in your boathouse yet," Sherlock said.
"You perfected all these things since in just a few days, Sherlock! You
“Human,” a booming voice said. It was in his ears, but also inside his head. Still, he could feel no directional indications that would allow him to pinpoint its origin.
Sherlock sighed. How could Victor understand so little of himself—of his own motivations and desires? "It's a queer business," he said finally.
As he wandered about, Watson came up, touched his cap, and inquired whether he would shoot tomorrow. Obviously he would, since it seemed to be the required activity, but the question had been asked in order to pave the way for a conversation.
"Not America, although I considered it. India."
"I’m not listening at all, you know," said Sherlock, amused. He was looking at Victor’s pretty mouth.
Sherlock was quiet, and pressed his face into Victor’s sleeve.
It was John who ventured them. "Stop with me."
“No, no. Calm yourself,” Mycroft said, taking his arm and pulling him into an alcove between two bustling storehouses. “I am only here to speak a little with you, if you’ll listen. To be frank, I have been far from easy about you, brother. I have always tried to do my best for you: to guide and protect you, to nurture your mind, to instill healthy habits, and to allow you room to develop into your own kind of man. It is a difficult task to balance, and I fear—” here Sherlock snorted, but Mycroft continued, undisturbed, “I fear I have misjudged certain pieces of advice. Children are more impressionable than the outsider supposes. For good and for evil, they absorb their elders’ words uncritically, and those words become their own. Sherlock, I have lately been considering whether some of my words to you, spoken in earnest desire of aiding you, might in fact have had the opposite effect."
"Oh, poor chap!" His voice was bitter and unlike himself. “Have you been unhappy? Have you been upset? You don’t understand what my father would do to me, Sherlock. I cannot—”
: Everyone loves you. Everyone. And u cant see it
"Mine too," said Trevor, meeting his eye. As a rule Sherlock shifted, but he held firm on this occasion. They eyed each other for long seconds. Trevor licked his lip, and Sherlock felt something twist deep in his gut. It surprised him profoundly.
: Yes, right.
"Now kiss me, and I'll go."
Some of you saw me as kind,
"A hundredth is enough to give us a look around, due to persistence of vision; and it is short enough so that the aliens won't see it unless they have a recording observer set on us. Even if they still have rays on us, they can't possibly neutralize our screens in that short an exposure.”
"Was and is the truth."
Throwing caution to the wind, he replied,
Then I took morphine and sat down to read
Just to assert and prove my superior strength,
Victor flinched. "It’s late, Sherlock. Why are you here? I asked you not to come," he said, averting his eyes.
Then I, the strange one, the girl,
They left the enormous and overheated building, they passed the library, supposed catholic, seeking darkness and rain.
"Hmmmm," Molly nodded, distracted. "But Sherlock, won't the magnetic field arising from the inoson reactions heat the apparatus to an unusable degree?"
"Aren't you thankful it's ended properly?"
"What are they, though?"
"You wrote you were."
: Look, I have no right, but can I ask why?
He smiled slightly in return.
Trevor slipped in without speaking.
"No."
He held it, but its struggles
"Alpha team, prep the creature for procedure 7.3," he said quietly.
"That’s well for me. Excuse the question but is that door locked?"
Meanwhile, in his warm study with a large drink in hand, Victor too suffered and exclaimed, "What an ending!" but he was determined that the love of women would rise in him as certainly as the sun. He would not marry his nurse—she had been but the catalyst for his change—but he would find some goddess of the new universe that had opened to him in London. Someone utterly unlike Sherlock Holmes.
John swallowed. Sherlock observed that his eyes were on his mouth, and then he stopped observing anything at all, because John Watson was kissing him. And Sherlock was kissing back.
But the creature again shook its head in a strangely human gesture.  "I don't know why you would believe me, but by God you're the only person to really listen to me since this whole nightmare began. I must try to make you understand," the strange creature whispered. "I think I must be mad. My name is John Watson, and a Martian has stolen my body."
And tasting, on the way to the hive
His mood, however, took a radical turn when he regained his room.
I used to lose myself, as if in sleep,
"No." Sherlock shrugged and did not rise.
May, 1908
"Cleared him out quickest, didn’t it? I assume we don’t want to be caught out.” Trevor looked chagrined. “Meet me at the garage in twenty minutes. I must dress. Bring some of that cocaine, too, would you?” Sherlock was feeling reckless, almost dizzy. He’d never experienced anything quite like it. In the grip of the drug, he was powerful and unconcerned with consequences. “Where do you find it, anyway?"
My wife hated me, my son went to the dogs.
Whose father just deceased left him a fortune.
"That's all, I think. Here, take this. Get married quickly and forget."
biology."
"If you say so." John let out a tired-sounding chuckle.
: Fine.
Then savage, reckless, drenched with the rain, he saw in the first glimmer of dawn the window of Trevor's room, and his heart leapt alive and shook him to pieces. It cried, "You love and are loved." He looked round the court. It cried, "You are strong, he weak and alone." It won over his will. Terrified at what he must do, he caught hold of the mullion and sprang.
(I thought it was his house and he would show me the way home.)
Sherlock nodded uncertainly. Something about Mycroft’s advice stirred a pang of sorrow in him. Must he dissemble, then, to ever have a friend?
John’s apparent pleasure heightened Sherlock’s own. His breath caught in his throat, each note he played pulling new reactions out of John, and cascading back onto him, sounds running like fingers over his body.
John leaned forward suddenly, banging his head sharply against the glass partition. Sherlock jumped.
: Yes, excellent. excellent. my deepes
The genius of divination and prophecy;
I was a hunk of sculptor's clay,
But the next encounter took place too soon for Sherlock to have properly jettisoned his emotions. With half a dozen others he was starting for the chamber concert after hall when Trevor came up beside him.
"John!" he said, his voice cracking.
Molly began to count backwards from ten. “Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one—”
And passed to a sweet repose.
"I care for men, in the real sense, Sherlock, and always shall."
"No, we won't." He pushed him away, then heaved, pulled him close, put forth violence, and embraced as if the world was ending. "You'll remember that anyway." He got out and looked down out of the grayness, his arms hanging empty. It was as if he wished to be remembered thus.
"Who's that? Oh, good night, Holmes. Taking a stroll before bed?"
I wed Count Navigato, native of Genoa.
: And I would very much like to rectify any misapprehensions I may have been acting under.
With earnestness, and all my wanderings
: Work it out u bastard
John spun round, naked and half terrified.
Dear Molly Hooper!
* * * * *
"Hum. How about August? Not September, that's almost certainly the by-election. But come in August and see us through that awful Park v. Village cricket match."
: Pffffffffffffft
Across the blackness that came over my eyes
"I'm... No. I can't. I can't look, after all."
No thread or needle can pace decay,
Several days passed. Sherlock turned his mind to his work, striving to drown out his chaotic emotions with the strict logic and discipline of deductive reasoning. He solved two criminal cases, a theft and a serious assault, with a single-minded rapidity that astonished even Lestrade, who had come to know him well. The next morning, a letter came. It arrived at breakfast and he read it under his landlady’s sharp eyes. It was phrased as follows.
are. It's something of a miracle, to be quite honest. The fact is that you, John Watson -- your consciousness, and all your memories -- have been implanted, somehow, into an alien, silicone-based corporation the likes of which our world has never seen."
All sound in the lab ceased as the laboratory team began to prepare in earnest.
*****
Musicians, poets, dandies, artists, nobles,
: Oh, go eat a cake.
"Pretty well everything. At least, you’d think so."
With a splendor like the sun's.
Sherlock blinked. He did not understand the swift change of subject matter.
"Not the least." Trevor giggled behind him.
Killed while making an experiment,
, at that, in a perfectly human male, ordinary, British sort of voice – was profoundly shocking.  The evidence of his eyes told him one thing: told him that this was something foreign – something incomprehensibly other. But the evidence of his ears said something quite different, and the experience of such dissonance made him unsettled, almost dizzy. He shook his head. He'd been declaiming the possibility of similar phenomena for years -- since he was sent down by the idiots in Oxford, in fact -- but only theoretically, as a thought experiment more than anything else.  The instant he’d heard of the creature's discovery, and of his brother's execrable treatment of it, he'd been desperate to see it.
: I keep thinking about
When Sherlock next entered the creature's lab, it was 48 hours later and he hadn't slept a wink nor had he consumed more than a cupful of milky tea and a couple of biscuits (on Molly's insistence). His entire existence, mind and body, were focused, laser-like, on the vital work he had to perform if he had a chance of saving John Watson. For all his confident words to Molly, he knew that the likelihood of success was vanishingly small. He'd never admit it in front of Anderson, but he knew his theories were untested and his equipment a Frankensteinian amalgamation of parts scavenged from various contacts and Mycroft's rubbish bins.
"No." His heart was racing.
Sherlock sat upon the floor beyond Trevor’s reach. It was late afternoon. The sounds of the May term, the scents of the Oxford year in flower, floated in through the window and said to Sherlock, "You are unworthy of us." He knew that he was three parts dead, an alien, a yokel in Athens. He had no business here, nor with such a friend. Nor with a friend at all.
: Right. Well. If you change your mind, you know where to find me.
SALLY DONOVAN
: How I’ve learned to dread your chime.
The boy shrugged. “I shall never wish to. No more than you do, yourself, I think.”
: Stranger than usual? Is that possible?
Doctor Nerdington
: Yes.
“The Blue Room, mama."
Thus a tree sprang
By marrying this cold man.
: Fuck.
? You're going mad. You've lost all sense of—May I ask whether you intend—"
"I can't see a way to get you out of here," Sherlock admitted, tugging his hair in frustration. "I'm sorry. I don't think it's possible. Even if I could open your cell, we'd still have a dozen hallways on two very populated floors to make it through, and you're not exactly inconspicuous in your current form."
"I can't hear."
Their reasons for death, reasons with me for life;
"Only to prove to you the sort of thing."
By that secretive agency
Sherlock looked at him, aghast. “Friends? You know what the boys are like, Mycroft. Slow as slugs and dull to boot.” He did not add “cruel” and “violent” to his list of complaints, taking that as read. “Why on earth would I wish to spend a single second more than I must in their company?”
He thought they were amorous tears and smiled
Trevor came nearer. Sherlock stretched out a tentative hand and felt a grasp in return. He forgot what he was going to say. Trevor’s hand was warm in his. Very gently he stroked the hand and ran his fingers down in a caress.
"You cannot keep him confined like this, Mycroft! It's not--it's not right."
Once I saw a stone in the sunshine
ANTHEA
: Just, go to bed, Sherlock.
It was all over with me, anyway,
Sherlock Holmes swept into the experimental xenophysics wing of Diogenes Laboratories and crushed the cigarette he'd been smoking furiously under his heel.
"I am going to talk to you for a few moments as if I were father, Sherlock." Then, very plainly, he approached the mystery of sex. He spoke of male and female, evolved in nature in order that the earth might be populated, and of the period when the male and female receive their powers. "You are just becoming a man now, Sherlock; that is why I am telling you about this. It is not a thing that your masters can tell you, and you should not learn it from your fellows. If school boys mention it to you, just shut them up; tell them you know. Have you heard about sex before?"
"Any requests?" he asked, tucking the instrument into his chin and flexing his hand. It had been too long since he'd last played.
Not a week later, Sherlock was called to the telephone by his landlady. He raised the instrument it to his ear, and, after a year of silence, heard the voice of his only friend.
"It's better," Sherlock said warmly, though noting that Victor had ignored his first question entirely.
Sherlock wasn't able to see the creature again for almost 24 hours. His brother had pulled Lestrade off of his official guard duties and replaced him with a contracted security service: all brawn and little brain. Sherlock snorted when he saw the man stationed at the door to Mycroft's lab. It would be nothing to distract him for the instant it would take Sherlock to slip inside.
* * * * *
Than nature's need in the hive;
: Don’t be upset with him. Be upset with me. I shouldn’t have mentioned Tom. I understand that it’s… not the done thing.
"You did. And you knew I would, anyway, didn’t you? Let’s have a drink."
The next twelve hours dragged with terrible slowness. Sleep was impossible and eating was difficult, even for Molly and Lestrade, though all knew that they would have need of the full measure of their strength. Sherlock Holmes took tea with a little sugar, but otherwise only paced furiously and without cease. He would not visit John, his mind shying away from the image of what he might find.
"All right."
Greg sighed. He knew it was true. He was conflicted about going behind Mycroft's back like this, but the man was being recklessly, dangerously stubborn. More than that, he was being uncharacteristically cruel, and Lestrade had reached the end of his tolerance. "Come on then," he said at last. "Mr. Holmes is out for the rest of the night. I can't let you in myself, but here, you can pickpocket me. It's a marvel you didn't in the first place. There. You'll have a few hours alone with it. But listen -- don't hurt it, will you? It needs --
"Silicon? How obscure. Yes, I think I've heard of it," she grumbled, rolling her eyes.
"My thoughts exactly. Silicone-based chemicals would be more stable than equivalent hydrocarbons in a sulfuric-acid-rich environment, as is found in some extraterrestrial locations. Silicon compounds may possibly be biologically useful under temperatures or pressures different from the surface of a terrestrial planet, either in conjunction with or in a role less directly analogous to carbon. I've argued for some time -- in several top-tier journals, mind you -- that since polysilanols are soluble in liquid nitrogen, they could play a role in very low temperature alien biochemistry."
"My... what?" Sherlock blinked rapidly. "No, you don't understand. He's not my mate."
And the only way law and morality
Besides, there was a butler to open the door.
Nor thought of me, nor wrote me letters
Sherlock paused. "No." Why on earth hadn’t he?
: Fine.
: Honestly, Sherlock, I have no idea. I’ve not asked him, either way.
"It’s just John."
Victor batted at him, but Sherlock grabbed and held his hand, and looked at him seriously. "Tell me now. Why did you make us both so unhappy?"
Like lambent lightning on snowy clouds
Sherlock bore down on him. He pushed back: they dodged round the big chair, arguing in whispers.
Sherlock wanted the same, what's pleasanter, but the oncoming future distracted him, the gathering light made cosiness unreal. Something had to be said and settled. O, for the night that was ending, for the sleep and the wakefulness, the toughness and tenderness mixed, the sweet temper, the safety in darkness. Would such a night ever return?
The creature’s flesh had so far proved impervious to all his attempts to pierce it, to learn from it, but he was certain his latest tool—a blade made of experimental wurtzite boron nitride—would be more than adequate to the task.
Following the flag,
: No, no. No case.
: Where are you?
Men hate to be fussed, she knew, so she only replied, "I'm frightfully sorry, I'll send some ice to your room."
When he saw Sherlock, his entire body sagged back into the wall, all the tightness in his strange body seeming to disperse.
Victor did not reply. He was looking with growing dismay into the face he had once loved. He felt only horror, and he wondered what would happen if Sherlock tried to embrace him.
"When you brought yourself to kiss me," added Sherlock, with deliberate bitterness.
"Oh, why should the spirit of mortal be proud?"
Mycroft’s left eyebrow twitched. "I can scarcely advise you on such a point."
My life was wretched.
Sherlock stayed a carefully-measured half-step behind Mycroft, and made no response.
From this to the boys, the halls crammed with their noise and smells, and Sherlock standing aloof, quite alone. "Sir, are you here for Holmes...? Sir, take me along! Sir, take me! Oh sir, did you hear that? Rush says the Headmaster’s on his way! ... I didn't! Green eye! Green eye! When you have quite finished—! Sir! Take us, sir! We haven’t had our tea yet! Oh please, sir!”
"Be calm," the alien voice hummed. "We will not allow further harm to befall your mate."
Repeating bits of that common thing;
And had to live, and so, to live
: You know what   Fuck you.
"Not in our biology. In
: What?
He moved to put his hands on Victor, but the other pulled away convulsively. "It's not the least good—I've changed."
And has not yet ceased.
Mycroft nodded slowly. "How old are you, now?"
"None of your ideas have worked," Mycroft Holmes continued. "
He refused to beg.
"You have two days to prepare. And Sherlock, please remember: you’ve brought this on yourself. We depart on Saturday."
"Hullo," Victor began, "hullo, you will have heard my news, Sherlock."
"Well, Sherlock,” he said with bland geniality as Sherlock sat himself down in Mycroft’s snug little study. “How goes the career? Not quite as you expected, eh?"
Made a speech in Bindle's Opera House.
"What work?"
"What's wrong?"
She was still smiling faintly when she left the lab.
“I—thank you.” Sherlock knew he shouldn’t trust this declaration from a creature who was so entirely in his power, but he did all the same. “I shall strive to be worthy.”
Of guarding and saving.
"I don't know. I can't explain anything. Why did you saddle me with that Plato? I was all in a muddle. A lot of things hadn't joined up in me that since have."
May, 1910
“Bliss,” John interjected. “It was bliss.”
Sherlock was silent.
The secret of woman—the soil.
"Quite so."
Sherlock did not reply, but first put the note with the letters he had received during the vac and afterwards burnt them all. He supposed the climax of agony had come. But he was fresh to real suffering as to reality of any kind. They had yet to meet. On the second afternoon they found themselves working in the same laboratory and the pain grew excruciating. He could scarcely stand or see, let alone concentrate on his work. Then they were made to be bench-mates; once they jostled, Trevor winced, but managed to laugh in the old fashion. Moreover, it proved convenient that he should come back to college in Sherlock’s sidecar. He got in without demur. Sherlock, who had not slept or eaten for days, went light-headed, turned the machine into a by-lane, and travelled top speed. There was a wagon in front, full of women. He drove straight at them, but when they screamed stuck on his brakes, and just avoided disaster. Trevor made no comment. As he indicated in his note, he only spoke when others were present. All other intercourse was to end. That evening Sherlock went to bed, exhausted. But as he laid his head on the pillows a flood of tears oozed from it. He was horrified. Weeping!
And you are filled with disgust
"Nothing. Nothing at all. I keep telling you! Just like I told them. You have to believe me!" His voice was rising in panic once more, and Sherlock raised a soothing hand.
Swallowing his astonishment, Mycroft allowed himself a small sigh and his face softened, slightly. He must not permit an attachment to form. "Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock."
“Good morning!” young Mrs. Trevor trilled as he approached the breakfast room. Then she saw his face, which was greenwhite, and cried, "Oh, but you're not well."
Mr Cornwallis motioned him out.
* * * * *
"Yes. I don’t sleep much."
And rose in rank,
Finally, Sherlock blinked. To Mycroft's surprise, he looked down at his hands, which were shaking. When he spoke, his voice was low. "Your experiments – they cause him pain. Agony. Have you observed? Have you--have you spoken to him, afterward? His name is John, you know. John Watson. A British citizen. And you're torturing him. It must not go on. There are other ways to learn."
: Tom from last week.
"Pluck be damned," said Sherlock, tugging John into a corner. He bent down and kissed him. For long minutes, they were insensible to their surroundings, knowing only the imperative of their bodies to be together, close as possible and closer, even, than that.
: Oh, for Christ’s sake. Don’t get maudlin on me now. I can keep my mouth shut. Now who are you?
"What?
"How the thing could be done, I can't imagine. And yet –"
But their undigested remains bred in me a deadly nephritis,
: Oh my god, Molly.
"What's wrong?"
: NO, THAT’S NOT THE DONE THING!!!!!!
"Once you demonstrate any kind of competence in the running of your life, you can expect to have a say—not before. You can’t imagine I came up for a pleasant chat, surely? I’m far to busy a man for that. I’m here to fetch you back with me."
"What about my books?"
?" Mycroft raised a skeptical eyebrow as his brother paced manically before him. "And suddenly you are the arbiter of what is and is not ethical in the realm of scientific investigation, are you? All of your own work, for example, is strictly above board? Shall I have Brantherton conduct a facility review? He can do an ethics compliance sweep--starting with your lab, and ending with mine--and then we'll see your true attitude towards research ethics. Or perhaps it's time for another one of Lestrade's little searches, hmm?"
"I play," he said rapidly, removing a violin from the case and placing it carefully under his chin. As he tuned the instrument, he babbled. "I know it's not the same as experiencing the outside world, but perhaps it will be better than nothing. I haven't played for an audience in -- in many years. You'll excuse me, I know, if I overstep or play too shabbily."
Letting it devour him, uncomplainingly.
MYCROFT HOLMES
I owe whatever I was in life
Trevor was not well over vac, and came up a few days late. When his face, paler than usual, peered round the door, Sherlock had a spasm of despair, and tried to recollect where they stood last term, and to gather up the threads of the campaign. He felt himself slack, and afraid of action. The terrified part of himself rose to the surface, and urged him to solitude. “Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock,” he heard Mycroft’s voice say. And yet—
"All that presently."
Every time his mind slowed down enough to reflect upon their situation, fear lanced through his veins. They would be very, very lucky if his plan worked out as promised.
But John made no reply. It wasn't the opening he wanted. He pretended not to understand the allusion, and sneezed again. The roar echoed down vestibules, and his face, convulsed and distorted, took a sudden appearance of hunger.
"I've read your articles," Molly said, cocking her head. "Your theoretical framing is sound, but your methodologies leave something to be desired."
They touched with hostility; Sherlock fell to the floor.
"All right. Can you mend the bloody bike?"
: Greg.
"I know. And how do you explain the –"
"May I ask your name?" he said awkwardly.
: I apologize.
In his night shirt, waving a stick of wood
And could not live in this world of men
: Talk to him properly, Sherlock.
“We will not waste our time, human. If you do not return this creature to us within one of your Earth hours, we shall be forced to take him.”
! My -- my body is a nightmare. I'm tortured, daily. I'm trapped in a bloody glass prison, Sherlock, and I've turned into a monster! How
Like love itself!
"Visual inspection," he chided himself under his breath. He was no green junior tech, he was Sherlock Holmes – the greatest consulting xenophysicist in the world! (Admittedly also the only one, but he knew himself to be extraordinarily brilliant, regardless.) He turned the full power of his observational faculties on the creature before him, taking careful notes all the while.
"Remember your promise."
Against his better judgment, Sherlock resolved to go. His restlessness of spirit was growing intolerable; he sometimes felt quite mad with it. He had instances of shaking, times when he could not catch his breath; he couldn’t sleep or eat—and Mycroft had begun to notice. The idea of taking himself off for a time held great appeal, and so he overruled his brother’s objections and began to make his preparations.
A grating, angry sound filled the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
My soul had entered in the clay,
: We’re really happy. And Sherlock tells me that it’s down to you. I’m not sure what you did, but thank you. You’re a good man. Better than we deserve.
: You don’t want to know.
“There’s nothing to be done about it.”
"Yes, anything. Anything. There. Listen, I—I mistook your ordinary friendliness, Vic. When you were so good to me, above all the night I came up to Magdalen—I thought it was something else. I am more sorry than I can ever say. I had no right to move out of my books and my laboratory, which was what I did when I met you. You won't want my apology any more than anything else I could give, but I do make it most sincerely. It is a lasting grief to have insulted you." His voice was feeble but clear, and his face like a sword.
The truth was this:
But suppose you are really a lady, and have delicate tastes,
"Have you?"
There was a hazy sky, a few stars
As the term went on he decided to speak to Trevor. He valued words highly, having so lately discovered their power. Why should he suffer and cause his friend suffering, when words might put all right? He heard himself saying, "I don’t know what I was thinking, I was out of my mind," and Trevor replying, "Is that so? Then I forgive you," and to the ardour of youth such a conversation seemed possible, though somehow he did not conceive it as leading to joy. He made several attempts, but partly through his own reticence, partly through Trevor's, they failed. If he went round, the door was sported, or else there were people inside; should he enter, Trevor left when the other guests did. He invited him to meals—he could never come; he offered to lift him again to their laboratory, but an excuse was made. Even if they met in the court, Trevor would affect to have forgotten something and run past him or away. He was surprised their friends did not notice the change, but few undergraduates are observant—they have too much to discover within themselves and it was a don who remarked that Trevor had stopped honeymooning with that strange Holmes person.
"Are you ragging?" asked Sherlock shyly.
Permit you to have the marital relation
I went to Bath. There I met a lush,
: Why tom
And there was the deadly water,
"Can the leopard change his spots? Victor, you're in a muddle. It's part of your general health. I'm not anxious now, because you're well otherwise, you even look happy, and the rest must follow. I see you were afraid to tell me, lest it gave me pain, but we've got past sparing each other. You ought to have told me. What else am I here for? You can't trust anyone else. You and I are outlaws. All this"—he pointed to the middle-class comfort of the room—"would be taken from us if people knew."
"Yes, yes. It’s all right." He heard the door shut and he was alone. He waited for the beloved to return. Inevitable that wait. Then his eyes began to smart, and he knew from experience what was coming. Presently he could control himself. He got up and went out, did some telephoning and explanations, placated the Yarders, apologized to his host, got himself shaved and trimmed up, and went off to find Lestrade. Work would console him. Nothing had changed in his life. Nothing remained in it. He was back with his loneliness as it had been before Victor, as it was after Victor, and would now be for ever. He had failed, and that wasn't the saddest: he had seen John fail. In a way they were one person. Love had failed.
Unable to part yet ignorant of what could next come, they strode raging through the last glimmering of the sordid day; night, ever one in her quality, came finally, and Sherlock recovered his self-control and could look at the new material that passion had gained for him. In a deserted square, against railings that encircled some trees, they came to a halt, and Sherlock cursed the cold drizzle.
Or men and men will interact
"Is anyone injured?" Mycroft asked. His normally commanding voice sounded puny -- almost comically so -- in the wake of the powerful alien barrage.
: Unless, of course, you could assist me with one or two small matters? Nothing very interesting, I’m afraid, but the legwork involved – well.
Silence. He had miscalculated.
"Come to the glass," he said, watching closely. He opened the compact and held it up for the creature to see. "I've got a mirror. See for yourself."
"I don't... I don't know. They give me water and food, but I don't think I need it. I don't want it. I tried, once or twice, but..." He broke off helplessly.
The secret of man—the sower.
He called again.
"It's hard to say. Hard to remember, almost. I can't..." his scales rustled in apparent agitation. "I don't know what I feel like when I'm well."
Then he followed Archie to the Russet Room, thinking "Victor might have ... for the sake of the past he might have been here to greet me. He ought to have known how wretched I should feel." He might not love Victor anymore, he thought, but he could still suffer from him. The rain poured out of a leaden sky on to the park, the woods were silent. As twilight fell, he entered a new circle of torment.
You also, after years of life
: Immediately.
JOHN WATSON AND SHERLOCK HOLMES
"Early to bed's the rule here, as you know, Mr Holmes," said young Mrs. Trevor. Then she wished the three servants good night and led the way upstairs. Sherlock lingered to choose a book.
: Tom?
And how shall the soul of a man
: And the various avenues that are open to us in our future association.
It recalled to both of them the situation of a year back, but it was Victor who winced at the example now. "I hardly matters, now. John Watson is in point of fact no longer in my service or even in England. He sailed for India this very day. Go on though. I'm reconciled to reopening the subject if I can be of the least help."
A mechanical grating noise came from the creature. Sherlock didn't know how to interpret it.
“Well—are you?” Sherlock’s vertiginous feeling of bewilderment returned. Victor’s behaviour was inconsistent; he could make neither heads nor tails of it.
No punishment was inflicted on Trevor. He had been let off all lectures in view of his examination, and even if he had been remiss the Dean would not have worried him; the best scholar of his year, he had won special treatment. A good thing he would no longer be distracted by Holmes. Mr Cornwallis always suspected such friendships. It was not natural that men of different characters and tastes should be intimate, and although undergraduates, unlike schoolboys, are generally adults, the dons exercised a certain amount of watchfulness. They felt it right to spoil a love affair when they could.
"Hullo, old man," he said awkwardly.
That gave us medicine, while we shudder
But then I came of age
Sherlock shuddered.
Everyone nodded solemnly. They knew this was likely to be their only chance.
As he alighted his name had been called out of dreams. The violence went out of his heart, and a purity that he had never imagined dwelt there instead. His friend had called him. He stood for a moment entranced, then the new emotion found him words, and laying his hand very gently upon the pillows he answered, "Victor!"
VICKY
Sherlock smiled. "Trust the evidence of your senses. You're back. You're here. You're safe with me. Open your eyes."
"I’d give the edge to the picture, I must say," said Sherlock, having glanced at the Michelangelo. "Victor, you're very foolish. But since you've brought it up I think you're beautiful, the only beautiful person I've ever seen. I love your voice and everything to do with you, down to your clothes or the room you are sitting in. I… I adore you."
*****
"We've discussed the whole evening." He poured another drink.
* * * * *
In vain, Sherlock waited. In vain he paced and in vain he sighed. A week passed in vague feelings of hurt and neglect. Then a second in anger, and a third in fear. What could have happened? Why would Victor not write? He considered writing to Pippa, if only to assure himself of Victor’s health, but he immediately discarded the idea. Victor would certainly not approve of him showing his hand so blatantly. Sherlock turned, instead, to the faithful companionship of the cocaine vial.
"That's right."
Sherlock bristled at the implication of his naivete. "I know many people. Ladies. Women. Mother keeps the three maids—and Alice, too! And Yvette in France, but of course you know that."
*****
"No."
Then, one unusually sweltering day in June, Mycroft arrived from London. Sherlock was given no warning of his coming, and so was unable to avoid the audience that Mycroft immediately requested.
But John Watson had a temper, and it took more than a string of pretty words to assuage it. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, “You speak well. You speak like a gentleman. Your behaviour is something else entirely, as I have reason to know."
: Just am. Exoeriment.  So spinny. Why do ppl like this?
: I really don’t think that’s a good idea.
To your hope that would not give me up
Without a word, he spun on his heel and left the room. Within two minutes, he had returned with Molly's silver compact.
Lived unwedded.
EURUS HOLMES
"The eighth?"
They looked at one another for a moment.
: John
"We mustn't fall asleep! Awkward if anyone came in," he continued, with a pleasant blurred laugh. Sherlock was ever more astonished. The man seemed to feel no regret at what they had done: no flush of shame marred his cheek; no fear shuttered his eyes. He wasn’t eager to depart; indeed, he seemed relaxed and—even happy!
"Please don't reopen this. It's over. It's over." He went into the other room, still speaking from behind the half-closed door. "Forgive this discourtesy, but I simply can't—my nerves are all nohow after three weeks of this."
that parts of Mars might be up to 90% silica: reminiscent of the effect of hot spring water or steam coming into contact with volcanic rocks. Is this not an environment that is favorable to life? The silica may have been produced by the interaction of soil with acid vapors produced by volcanic activity in the presence of water. Based on Earth analogs, hydrothermal systems on Mars would be highly attractive for their potential for supporting the development and evolution of biological organisms."
Sherlock forbore to answer such an obvious statement. He was curious as to the point Mycroft was coming to.
"Well, and why not?" Phil Anderson piped up, wandering past with a large coffee in his hand. "That course seems eminently prudent to me. In fact, at the present time, thumb-twiddling is distinctly indicated. Mr. Holmes told us not to interfere. I say we listen to the very powerful man who pays our salaries."
"Who wants to fight?” John was still dozy, giddy with love.
Sherlock listened carefully to the music. He rather liked it.
"I know I'm dying," it said after a time. "And he's dying. We can't sustain the energy expenditures required to keep us in these bodies. But I haven't figured out how quickly our cell energy is extinguishing. It must be pretty slow."
: More than.
The Dean sent Sherlock down. Mr Cornwallis was not a severe official, and the boy was clearly brilliant when he chose to apply himself, but he could not overlook so gross a breach of discipline. "And why did you not stop when I called you, Holmes?" Sherlock made no answer, did not even look sorry. He had a smouldering eye, and Mr Cornwallis, though much annoyed, realized that he was confronted with a man. In a dead, bloodless way, he even guessed what had happened.
"How bad is the pain?" Sherlock asked softly.
"No. About an hour, sir."
And I saw how a god, if brought to earth,
: Call John, have him put you to bed.
: You’re not here now.
: Tom who?
Seated between Victor on his right and Pippa on his left, Sherlock was cheerily ignored by the larger party of diners and left free to converse with his friend. He could feel Victor’s long leg pressed warmly against his own.
Suddenly, the light was gone, and Mycroft was standing alone in a dark parking lot.
"Fascinating?
The creature inside of John growled and clutched at his head. "If my head wasn't made of this hideous mush I'd have had a way out of this thing figured out before now, but I can't. I'm so slow in this body that I can't figure out how to use it intelligently—can barely use it at all, for that matter. It must be opaque to our energy rays. I can't use it at all! It drives me frantic!”
And then he spoke no more.
: I dont no why he loves U sucyh a waste
“It’s going to work,” he said. It wasn’t clear who he was addressing, but no one within earshot – Molly, Anderson, Donovan, Lestrade – had any doubt as to how serious he was. It was going to work or Sherlock would fall into oblivion: one of the two outcomes was assured.
He rubbed his eyes. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept. He’d need to soon, he knew, but it could wait a little longer. God knew, the creature wouldn’t live much longer regardless of his interventions. It was a kindness, perhaps.
Mycroft smiled grimly. "Good. Then there should be no issue. Make sure you keep it that way."
And a promise of marriage from a rich man—
Sherlock smiled and began to play. Thinking to provide a comforting soundscape for the agitated creature, he began with Chopin. Insipid, he'd always thought, but the effect the music had on the creature was immediate and profound. The strange movements of his scales stilled, and their colour began to level out into an opaque blue, shot through with a thread of deep purple so rich it almost appeared to glow. He played through several nocturnes, Massenet's "Meditation" from Thaïs, and some unfashionably early Debussy. Quite unexpectedly, Sherlock found himself enjoying this performance in a way he never had before: it felt as if the notes left his hands, his instrument, and landed on John almost like a touch, gentle and soothing. Watching John’s response, he adapted his own playing, tempo and tone. Gradually, there coalesced a tenuous feedback loop between them: music, colour, sound, and even – sensation.
John Watson rejected his first attempts at conversation, remaining slumped at the back of his chamber when Sherlock entered the room. Nor did he respond to Sherlock’s stuttering attempts to apologize for his insensitivity. But on the third night, he was standing at the glass when Sherlock slipped in – and it was he who spoke first.
There was a sound like metal rubbing against stone from the creature. Sherlock had no idea what it meant. It was infuriating to be so entirely clueless. It was
The crash came on a Sunday in spring—exquisite weather. Mycroft had appeared unexpectedly at Montague Street and ordered in a large breakfast—one of his periodical attempts to entice his brother’s reluctant appetite. Sherlock sat in resentful silence, drinking strong coffee and smoking in his dressing gown. He would not touch the excellent kidneys, nor the fruit in syrup, nor even the exquisite French pastries that Mycroft had troubled himself to procure from Bardet’s.
Sherlock, riveted, carried on. He felt that he wanted -- something. He wanted something desperately, felt filled to the brim with objectless desire. He didn't know what to do about it. He wanted -- first of all, he wanted to hear more. Those sounds! A field of crickets, but -- more velvet. The beating wings of a flock of birds, but -- more focused. Insistent. A rumble like distant thunder, but gentle, promising needed rain.
“Yeah, I’m good, Sherlock,” John said, as he looked Sherlock over. “You’ve gained some weight.” Sherlock looked John over, and smirked.
“Dada!” Rosie cried, excitedly slapping his chest.
“Can we go there? I love London at night.”
If you want to have sex, do it. If you want rough sex, you can afford to buy a new bed. MH
John’s eyes followed Sherlock, then turned back to Greg. His cheeks were tinged red. “Sherlock’s a nice guy. A little backwards, but I think he’d make for a very interesting par--” John cut himself off, then said, “Friend.”
Sherlock’s eyes smiled as he sipped his tea. “I did, my girl.”
She doesn’t deserve this. She is trying to help you. A part of John reminded himself.
John laughed again, then pulled her into his arms. “I guess that decides it, then. Let’s do this.”
“Johnny Watson, just give her the damned biscuit.”
“Gregory!” Mycroft said, primly.
“I love you, Mycroft Holmes.” Gregory said, before he placed the phone back on the base unit.
“Uh, no. We don’t.” John muttered, politely before his Alpha could get snarky.
“Trouble is relative.” Sherlock said, resting his chin on his hand.
the scarred face.
“It’s not your fault,” Mycroft said firmly. “Your delayed actions prevented the death of hundreds.”
“Any further questions, Greg?”  Greg shook his head in. “And did you sign the consent forms already?”
he figures it out, he’ll resent you.”
Sherlock blinked momentarily surprised. “I didn’t know that, but we can handle it.”
Mycroft wrapped his arms around his hurting Omega, his husband, the man he loved most in the world and pressed him tight to his chest. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there, my Gregory. I’m so sorry.” Mycroft kissed his husband-his Omega- his soul in another’s body, and settled into his thoughts as Greg cried. “My darling Gregory, I’m so sorry.” Mycroft apologized again, whispering it in his ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is it my language that you don’t understand? Omegas usually receive the penis-”
John thought longingly, before he turned and walked out.
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
He opened his eyes and focused on the counter in front of him. It had a desk and bullet proof glass that was all scuffed up.
“Oh, this is going to be fun,” Sherlock agreed.
“Please let me cook for you.”
“HQ,” came the terse reply.
“What surgery would an OB perform that needed
Abby shuffled off with the toddler in her arms and made idle conversation. John watched them go, before he opened the smartphone.
John paused for a moment, and got up to brew himself tea. He went over to the electric kettle and pressed the one button. John stood by the kettle and mused on his next patient, doggedly ignoring his own visit.
‘Lock pressed the emergency button on the elevator halting it as they went up. ‘Lock very calmly turned his Omega to face him, and ran his hands from the shoulders to the wrists. “I know you hate traveling… Why don’t we lay in the bed and practice some skin to skin before we start our vacation?”
“I’m going to go look at a place on Saturday, you should join me. The landlady owes me a favor, so I know I’ll get a good rate.”
“So you’d ask one thousand questions until you were blue in the face?”
“So, this bloke’s called Sherlock Holmes.”
John felt the glass slip from his hand, and he gasped loudly.
“It’s not weird. Just let me think about it, before we do anything,” ‘Lock said, thinking hard about it.
"Mama! Why is that Omega in public without his husband?" Greg heard a little boy whisper to his mom.
“No wonder the Americans and I get along so well. We’re both easy.”
“Robert Miller.”
“You need to practice, Johnny.”  Abby said before she walked out of the funeral home.
“What’s the client’s name?” Rosie asked, scrolling through her phone.
“Daddy and I are teammates, Bee,” came the voice of Rosie’s Papa, Sherlock Holmes.
“I don’t snore.” John retorted, with a snort. He struggled to climb over his Alpha’s long legs.
“You don’t have to make me breakfast. Mrs. H loves to feed me. Something about I’m too thin.”
“So no more of this ‘I’m broken’ nonsense. You’re healing. You’re fighting for your future. You’re working to make a future with me,” John shook his head, then added, “And before you start on the ‘my Omega is going to leave me because I won’t fuck him.’  Stop. I know you’re mine. You’re my Alpha, and if that means we don’t have sex for the first ten years of us, I’m ok with that. I don’t expect you to fuck me because you think it’s time.” John brushed curls off ‘Lock’s forehead, before he leaned in and rested his own against his Alpha’s. “I expect you to fuck me when it feels good for you. When you’re ready.”
“Hi, My name is Gregory Holmes. I need to get home to England, but I’ve lost my passport.”
“Oh, Watson’s so fucking far from perfect. Fantastic OB, but he’s so bossy. He doesn’t let anything go. If you forget to count the sutures once--”
A sharpish knock roused John Watson from his nap. He slipped out of ‘Lock’s grasp, pulled on pj pants, and answered the door. A tall man with dark hair and a delivery bag stood there.  “John Holmes?”
John pulled away, and held his chest in jest. “This is it! The myocardial infarction that’ll end me-”
“You saved him from death?”
“Twenty nine,” Sherlock replied, idly. He was looking out the windows to see what was behind John.
and listen, you fuck.
“We’re going to find out.” ‘Lock smiled, before placing a chaste kiss on John’s lips. “Go pack, Omega. I’m going to shower, and then you can. We’ll be in America tonight.”
“Oh, thank
Sherlock made eye contact with John, trying to read his expression. “I’m not a very good Alpha. I don’t have very many instincts that guide me. So I use my brain, but-” Sherlock sighed, throwing a few more things into a box. “I have blind spots about humans-”
John laughed, and shrugged his shoulders. “Leave the choice up to him.”
Mycroft sighed, “You already know he doesn’t let anyone tell him what to do.”
Sherlock sighed, as he snapped his violin case close. Sherlock whirled around and pointed his bow at John accusingly. “Watson, my boy, you owe me a debt!”
The beta set to work while the two men snuggled. She quickly took her measurements. She nodded at the Alpha before she slipped out of the suite.
“Greg Holmes, nice to meet you.” Greg struggled to hold out his hand to shake the nurse’s. Moran walked over to Greg, and stood off to the side. He had a firm, confident handshake.
“Thanks, doc. They are so beautiful aren’t they?” Greg agreed, greedily glancing over his babies. John nodded, which Greg ignored. John snapped a quick picture of Greg with his third daughter.
John nodded his head, and ran his thumb along the edge of his tea cup. “Thank you, Sid. Can you handle those prescriptions for me?”
“I don’t care about the fun. Just the noise.” John stalked back into his bedroom, and slammed the door. He sighed loudly and picked up the phone. “I apologize for the interruption.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted themselves together,as he took a few cautious steps towards John. “While I understand that the work is important, our daughter is growing older and will soon have no need for us-”
“I just wanted to let you know Mr. Holmes is coming up with your daughter.”
Sherlock sputtered a response. “Graham! Stop!”
There was also a missed call that said,
“I-” John sighed loudly as he squeezed his eyes shut in thought.
‘Lock wrinkled his nose, “You want to get filled?”
“Tell him that the March sisters are happy to meet him.” Greg smiled. “He’ll understand it.”
“John,” Sherlock whined, as Rosie slid off him. She grabbed his wrist and started pulling it. “Your daughter is a beastie.”
Rosie giggled. “What are you and Papa going to do without your Rosie?”
“I think you see the best of him, and are trying to get everyone else to see him that way too.”  John’s voice was kind. “Regardless, he loves you and wants the best for you. He doesn’t trust me, but he respects me.”
“Johnny,” the voice expressed in a disappointed tone. “I made it so we could be together, and yet, you still thwart me. When are you going to be the good Omega I know you are?”
“What a sweet way to go…” ‘Lock murmured, looking up at John through his eyelashes.
Also, thank you to both G and Meg. You guys are fucking rockstars
“Since when could you dictate any bit of his life?”
Greg felt for his ring to fiddle with, but remembered that
John scrolled through his email on the phone, but didn’t click into them. Most of them were concerning his other job and those could wait.
Sadly, John placed the framed photo back on the dresser, and glanced at his daughter who was sleeping peacefully. John went back downstairs, and ducked into the living room. “Nan? I’m heading out.” Abby nodded, and turned the page in her magazine. “Ro’s sleeping.”  no response from his grandmother. “I can’t believe you kept all those old pictures of James and I.” John watched his grandmother not respond to him. “Well, I love you Nan.”
“A field nurse with years of experience can make or break any surgery just as well as I can. You proved yourself, so you earned my respect.”
John took his daughter out of his now husband’s arms. “Dada is going to take care of you.”  Mycroft appeared out of nowhere.
“I didn’t know I was allowed to call you Three Continents.”
“Oi!” John said, with a mouthful of food. “Sherlock was talking, Moran. Don’t be a little bitch. Wait your turn.”
“‘Course I am. You think I’m “amazing” and “incredible.” It’s much better than the typical “freak”comments I--”
Enjoy yourself! Be safe. Let me know when you land. Ignore my idiot husband. GH
This man picked up his umbrella and pointed it to the brunet man on the couch. He made a motion with his umbrella showing him where he could go.
“Starving.”
“Of course, acushla. We shouldn’t have stayed as long as we have,” Abby said, catching on that
“Caring is not an advantage, Greg,” Sherlock said, cooly. “Oh, wipe your eyes. Your husband will murder me if I help you out of the car and you’re crying.”
John excused himself to use the restroom. ‘Lock waited patiently outside and turned his phone back on.  He had several instructional texts from his brothers.
“Yes,” ‘Lock said, but didn’t elaborate.
“Because of you, of course.”
tá tú suite orm  = you’re lying to me!
John paused a moment, taking a sip of wine. “She was a bitch of a woman.”
“Lestrade!” Sherlock cried out in surprise. “You’re married and he’s your junior.”
“Why don’t you take Sherlock with you lads? I’ve got to discuss some things with Myc.”  Greg asked.
“I am BORED!” Sherlock shouted, “and this case will entertain me for a few minutes!”
Rosie hugged her Daddy again, and ran out of the room gleefully. The door shut loudly as she disappeared. Sherlock’s eyes were still on John. Quietly Sherlock said, “Not a good session?”
“I absolutely didn’t look you up in MI-6’s files. I observed you,” Sherlock said, reaching over to take a chip off John’s plate.
John tucked his head into ‘Lock’s chest and murmured, “it’s my pleasure.”
John took a deep breath, and fumbled for his phone. He blearily logged in, trying to even his breathing out. There were two text messages.
“Never, my love,”  John promised.
John glanced up, with a sad smile. “I’m the worst traveler. That’s why I don’t anywhere.”
“I can’t wait.” Sherlock stood behind Greg, and began to push his chair out of the room.
Rosie let John go, and went over to Sherlock’s face. She pressed her two hands on either side of Sherlock’s cheeks.  “What about Syph!?” she asked, urgently.
John did these steps as he washed his hands. The door to the bathroom squeaked open, but John didn’t glance up. He continued to stare at his hands counting in his head.
“Oh, Johnny. You didn’t tell me you two dated.”
“Please, Dr. Watson, please can you find my daughter?”
“Ta, love,” John said, forcing a smile. “You are no slouch either.”
“I know what I signed up for joining MI6, then I met you and everything in my world shifted. The danger became less fun. The physical aspect of it reminded me of taking your knot. The mental part started to bore me. It was nothing-
The two medical men stood with gloves on, and a pair prepped for John. John helped Greg out of the wheelchair, onto the bed, and washed his hands quickly in the small sink hidden in the corner. John slipped his gloves on and reached for the vial that Moran was holding out for him. The other doctor and the nurse were just visible to John if he’d look up from the medication he was drawing up.
“Are you pinching the bridge of your nose? Knock it off. My wife is dead.” John asked, wiping the tears off his cheek.
“The Science of Deduction, John. It’s my website. You should look it up.” Sherlock smirked, as he followed Moran down the hall.
I am struggling so hard with Chapter 3. It's coming, I swear it. It's still with my Beta (because I hate it. Hate hate hate it)
“Will you look at me?” ‘Lock asked. John looked up meeting his Alpha’s eyes. “Thank you so much for coming away with me.”
Mycroft cleared his throat, and said evenly, “It has come to my attention that Major James Sholto wants to marry you… His last three spouses have all died mysteriously-”
Sherlock laughed. “Exactly. I can tell so many things just by looking. Like you. Soldier, screwed up family, mourning.”
“I’m ready whenever Dr. Watson is.” Mycroft smiled, like a wolf trying to reassure a sheep he wasn’t hungry.
“Oh, John!” Mrs. Hudson said, scoldingly. She was rushing down the stairs, waving a tea towel. “He’s such a hateful man. When is Sherlock coming back?”
“John… You know the marriage laws, correct?”
“Your Uncle Mycie said that,” Sherlock pointed out. “I said that Canterbury is far too long for you to walk.”
“Do you smoke, by any chance?” John shook his head no. “I thought not. I could smell tobacco everywhere last night, now not so much.”
“John, haven’t you been listening? It’s rare. Mine will just look like dirt.”
“You don’t have too.”
“Mycroft has been good to me.”
“Sap,”  John managed to murmur, rolling over to face his Alpha.
“Your daughter?” John asked, with a pointed look.
“Ah, yes, we should return to him.” John smiled kindly at Sherlock. “Sorry to interrupt you, love, but I’ve eaten something now. I say it’s time to deliver some babies.”
“Can you please just focus on us?” Greg asked, before he rolled away from Mycroft. He got off the bed, and shuffled off to the bathroom.
“He’ll be home soon, you should just be ready.” Mycroft stood up, and purposely left his umbrella behind as he walked down the steps.
“I can understand that-”
“We’ll see.”
“This is modest.”
John reached over to feel if it really was a dream. There was a warm, hard body near him. The heat they were throwing off was stifling.
“Are you stroking your engagement band?”
Sherlock smiled, and picked Rosie up to talk to her. “Would you like to be a Holmes, also, little one?”
John kissed the offered palm, and grinned, “I wish it would hurry up and take shape. I’m excited to see what it becomes.”
“Relax, my Alpha. I’m teasing you.”
John stood up on his tip-toes and kissed the man’s cheek. “Next time I’m in Central City, I’ll look you up, Flash.”
“Papa, I’m having so much fun with you. I missed you when I was in America,” Rosie’s voice floated into the bedroom to him.
“I love you too, Nan.” John placed a little kiss on her cheek. “Bí curamach.”
“You prick.” John bit the base of ‘Lock’s neck.
“Am I darling?” Mycroft sounding mildly interested.
Slowly they made their way into the lobby of the private surgical facility. They were greeted by a pretty young aide in pale blue scrubs pushing a wheelchair. She chatted animatedly with them, and walked them to a patient room, leaving them there.
He pulled his phone out again, and snapped a picture of baby number two. Again, he tucked his phone away. He scooped up the third baby, and looked at her lovingly.
He commanded himself, with a deep breath.
“Of course I am. I thought you were dead-”
“So you’re saying that it may not happen?” John asked, trying to joke.
“Nan, you’re the first person I’ll call. I swear to you. Please go home.”  John leaned into the warm hand and closed his eyes momentarily. “Thank you, Nan. I’m so glad you could come.”
“Kiss my ass, ‘Lock. You’re a giant softie wrapped up--”
The whistling kettle brought John back to his task.  He flipped the stove off, and poured two cups. He put the kettle on the tray. He added one of Rosie’s cups and a few biscuits to the tray. John picked it up and carried it into the sitting room where his two best girls were. Rosie was sliding off the plastic covered chair, and laughing about it. Then she’d stand up and do it again.
“Do I have to explain it to you? Whenever I explain my line of reasoning to you, you tell me how easily I get there.”
“I thought you were sleeping,” ‘Lock admitted, hastily wiping his eyes.
John’s ears tinged pink, as he muttered, “it was more than a crush, Nan.”
about him so much.”
“Yes, I am,” John agreed with a chuckle. “Fancy a cuppa?”
John laughed a dangerous chuckle. “Where I go, she goes.”
“Are you not human?”  John asked, almost with a laugh.
“She had just delivered again when I left the base last time. She ended up married to one of the guys.”
“Come on, John!”
John forced his voice to sound normal. “No, I’m fine.”
“Do you want him to be your husband?”
John’s smiled slid from genuine to polite. “Major Sholto and I were never engaged. In fact, he was married the entire time we were together. Thank fuck, I was never stupid enough to get pregnant, but you’d have known that if you had kept in touch.”
“I’d like to forget your Uncle Mycie-”
“John,” Sherlock said, softly, then shook his head. “You’re in London. Everyone is gay.”
This chapter contains some backstory and some violin playing.
Moran was waiting with another man.
“My husband doesn’t shake hands either. He’s a germaphobe.”
“You’ll get a text when the car’s there.” Mycroft said, before he disconnected the call.
“Why didn’t you call me from-”
John smiled at that, and fussed with the collar on his shirt.  “Rosie, why don’t you go see if Mr. Sid will give you some sweets?”
“I mean, I know that.”
John chuckled, then glanced over his shoulder as the door squeaked open. “Moran!” John looked delighted, widely enveloping his friend in his arms. “Holy, fuck, man. Where have you been?”
Thank you so much for being patient! This chapter took a village! Holdt, Gareth, Meg :) thank you guys so fucking much. I love you all. Enjoy!  Comment and Kudos and alllllll that jazz!!
“Nan-”John tried to explain.
A hushed conversation, and less than a 2 minute wait, and the British ambassador, himself, was walking over to Greg. “Mr. Holmes, it’s an esteemed honor to meet the man who finally snagged Mycroft.”
“Why?”
John’s brain processed the blur. Grey eyes -
John cleared his own throat, and wiped at his leaking eyes. “Email me whatever you got.”
“I hardly think it’s an obsession-”
“Yes, and my husband. They are always loud-”
“To hell with your umbrella, let’s go get Sherlock!”
“Ta, Nan.”
John stared at Sherlock a moment more before giving a slightly mystified shrug. His eyes glinted with sudden mischief.
“Ah,” the tall brunet started, but stopped when there was a sharp knock on the door. It squeaked open and soon a man dressed in a sharp suit entered the room.
“Mmm?”
“Alpha, place your second finger of the left hand on the lighted panel,” a cool electronic voice said. Sherlock placed his finger where appropriate. Sherlock focused on Rosie, and ignored the marriage podium.
“Of course I was. It’s a great mental exercise.” Sherlock said, with a shrug. “The security here is a bit of a joke.”
John settled back into his seat and got buckled himself. He reached over to take Rosie’s hand while they rode to MI-6 headquarters.
“Might not,” Sherlock said noncommittally.
“What price would you charge for my death?”
John opened his eyes, and made eye contact with Sherlock. “I met my wife through my Nan,” he stated, ignoring the questioning and worrying eyes coming his way. “We were at an anniversary party for my mom’s best friends and she-” John glanced down at his feet, realizing his glass was shattered under his feet. He threw his cloth napkin down.
Let’s have some babies!
John came out of the bathroom, and leaned against his Alpha. ‘Lock tucked the phone away, and took John’s hand. “John.” He nudged his Omega with a grin. “We’re in America.”
John exhaled loudly, rolling his eyes. “Your brother failed to mention how conceited you were.”
“I want your knot.” Greg panted, breaking the kiss, leaning back so he could see his Alpha’s eyes. “Please, Myc, claim me again-”
“Bingo,” John said, just as softly. John stepped into Sherlock’s space, and just wrapped his arms around the other man. Sherlock pulled John as close as he could, and John laid his head on Sherlock’s chest.
“Figure out my address and pick me up at 10 a.m.,” John said, before he ducked around Sherlock and went back to his surgery.
“Rosie would have to be one too.”
“Mary,” John answered quickly, strumming his fingers against his own desk.
“Be good, my acushla. Dada’s about to start a new adventure,” John whispered to her, and kissed the top of her head.
“I’ll get you something nice, John. Do you want to go back to MI-6, well now that you’re married again?”
“Congratulations on your third pregnancy.” Sherlock said, finally pulling his eyes away from Moran.
John laughed to himself, as he disappeared back into his bedroom where he was working. He shut the door, and flopped down at the desk. He flipped his notebook open and stared at the telephone number.
“Was it really an investigation? I’m just saying you seemed to know more than you were telling.”
James Sholto?” Sherlock asked, stuffing his ginger snap wrapper into his empty tea cup. “He’s a serial cheater. I met him when I was 12, twice. I asked him why he had a Beta with him when last time I met him he had an Omega.” Sherlock grinned widely, with a glance at John. “He screamed at me in front of the entire party. I’ve never seen my Avia throw anyone out of our house quicker.”
,” Sherlock said, insistent. Peevishly, he crossed his legs.
“I live with a ghost, a robot, and my daughter who is the only reason I wake up.”
“British Consulate in Dhaka, Bangladesh.”  Greg said, wiping his face. “Hurry, please?”
“No, it isn’t. Anyone with eyes could see you were devastated that your brother got to ride with Dr. Watson. Can you imagine that ride over? Myc all stiff and proper and the young handsome-”
John flipped his cell phone over, and there was a text message from Sherlock’s phone.
“You know, I would if I could get internet access at my place. It’s a right shitehole.”
“Mycroft, you are crazy,” Greg laughed.
“You came
John shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t care.”
Sherlock’s eyes met with John’s eyes and the pair had a silent conversation. “If Papa goes downstairs with you, you can wait for Aunt Molly outside.”
the boys will return in other amazing fanfics like Happiness and Crazy Little Thing Called Love.
“Hello, John. Any mate of Sherlock’s is one of mine. Welcome to- I’m going to get a candle. It’s more romantic!”
“I don’t know. Tell me everything you know about Soul Marks.”
“I wasn’t done speaking, my
“The audacity!” Mycroft tried to sound affronted, but his eyes were too busy scanning the sky for his husband.
“Sherlock,” John said with a sharp warning in his voice.
Greg sighed, then cleared his throat. “Please, call my husband, Mycroft Holmes.” Greg looked at the Alpha, but didn’t see any sort of recognition at the mention of his husband’s name. “Get a phone. You need to dial internationally.”
“Will you make me tea?”
“I love you too,” Myc repeated, hand tight on the armrest of the wheelchair. “My darling.”
“John! You would never deny me a kiss.”
Sherlock turned John’s words over in his mind, before he said softly. “It sounds like a compliment.”
“What the
“Me too,” John said, sniffing slightly. “It was Julia’s father. I regret it.”
John scoffed. “We both know I’m only here so I don’t lose custody of Rosie.”
Greg sighed, “Ask me anything. I can tell you my mother’s maiden name. I can tell you my-”
“Was that your daughter?” Robert asked, sounding teary.
Sitting in front of the funeral home was a black SUV idling. John approached the car, and forced a smile and wave. The driver exited the SUV excitedly, and helped John get his daughter in the car before he helped John in himself.
For just a moment, he held the jumper to his chest, and breathed deeply. Under the wool, he could almost smell him. John shook his head, and pulled the jumper over his head. He grabbed a pair of socks from the drawer, and headed out to the living room.
Sherlock glanced over at his brother as they rode in a sleek town car to the private hospital, and made a childish face. Sherlock was feeling a bit stroppy about being left behind with his pregnant brother when there were things he could help Dr. Watson achieve.
“Implant?” Sherlock asked, as he followed John to the bins.
“Yea, yea, yea!” she said, excitedly bouncing in his arms.
John squeezed her hand, and just studied her sweet innocent face. John’s phone vibrated again. John pulled it out of his pocket, and glanced at the screen.
, before he wiped his eyes and continued his way to Greg’s room.
Bréagadóir   = liar!
“I invented it.”
“Myc,” Greg groaned. “Stop trying to run your brother’s life. He’s going to resent you if- No this is ‘Lock.
“Yes, my relative is trouble.” Mycroft said, primly.
“Well, sometimes when you get sick I can still hear you wheeze.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, “I’m not giving up my name. Sherlock Holmes is a strong name and I like it.”
“Dada. Mama. lala,” Rosie babbled, happily.
The man stood up, and took John’s hand. John walked him past Mycroft and down the seventeen steps to the street level. “I’m sorry about him. He’s my roommate’s brother. He loves to ruin lives.”
“I’m so sorry about your daughter.” Sherlock said in a low, urgent voice.
John Watson ran his fingers over his suit, in an attempt to smooth out the wrinkles. His eyes roamed over to the 13-month-old toddler that was being passed from his Nan to his sister then back to the closed casket where his wife lay. He squeezed his eyes close, trying to stave off the incoming tears. He sniffed loudly, as a squeaky little voice called, “Dada!” John quickly wiped his eyes before he swung around to his little girl. He held his arms out for her, and she snuggled into his arms.
“Goodnight, husband mine.”
“I simply asked Mrs. Hudson for tea.”
“Before you, the deductions were too fast, and I felt overwhelmed with them. Ever since that day you came to my brother’s house and bossed him around like you did.” ‘Lock chuckled. “When you limped out of the recovery room after delivering the babies, I knew I was screwed. You made the drugs useless, and the tobacco was good, but nothing like what it used to be.”
“A shaman. He was a very knowledgeable man, but he cut too far and too deep.”
John pasted a bright smile on his face, and watched the man walk away. The further the man walked, the more his smile drooped. Finally after a solid five minutes of watching him leave, John turned to go back into the house.
know that.”
“No one dies at an amusement park-”
“You texted me?” John asked hopefully, the previous sadness gone.
John turned the faucet on, and rinsed his hands ignoring how his heart hammered in his chest. “I’m not your Omega. I nev-”
John  stood next to his fiancee as he listened to the hotel clerk speak. The tall dark haired man next to him nodded. “Yes. My brother is completely difficult. I know that personally from living him for the first twenty years of my life.” John smiled, and laid his head on the taller man’s shoulder. “My Omega seems to be a bit sleepy,” the man laughed, and the clerk joined him.
EEEEEEEE A SOUL MARK!
“What do you mean?”
“Our client is e-mailing us information. Rosie, if you want to check the laptop and left us know when the e-mail comes.”
“You’re a minx,”  John accused, placing a kiss on ‘Lock’s cheek.
your fault that Victor bloody Trevor drugged and raped you. It is
“Maybe it’s just a blob?” ‘Lock asked.
“I’m sorry to hear that, but you have it now so appreciate it.”
Time passed in leaps and bounds. ‘Lock slept more, and John was just watching telly mindlessly.
Ella Johnson finished pulling her dreads back into a ponytail. She turned on her professional but caring face. “Good afternoon, John. Thank you for taking this time to invest in yourself.”
“You’re fighting a losing battle with that boy,” Greg said, resting his hands on his stretched abdomen.
“She’s at Nan’s house.”
“Did you buy Indian?”
“That’s done. Let’s get you back into bed, my Omega. Then I’ll join you.”  ‘Lock helped John into bed, before he disappeared into the bathroom himself. Quickly, he showered and padded back to the bedroom where his semi-sleeping Omega was.
“There will be a fee involved, and as England is on total lockdown we can’t leave the country-”
Rosie laughed, and started to poke at her father’s side. “Come on, Papa. It’s time to go-”
“I love you so much, Rosie-Ro,” John said, before he pulled her into his arms.
“What’s on the docket?”
“There’s no way you’re an Omega. You don’t smell like one.”
“Thanks, Watson. We have Dr. Rami joining us for the surgery. He’s a third year resident. He’s fantastic.”
“You did not just say that!” John said, with a laugh. “You’re going to point out gay people?”
“You don’t have to do it. It’s weird now.”
“Yes, Dr. Rami. Fine with me.” Greg said, as he handed John his third daughter. John placed her gently in with her sisters, before he patted Greg’s arm in comfort.  “Dr. Watson, can you tell Papa Myc one thing for me?”
A visit to the hospital.   Short, but sweet. More will come!
“Do you snore, John?”
Mycroft’s eyes scanned the outside of the plane to see if he could see Greg. He threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck, kissed him on the forehead, and ran over to the steps that were lowering.
Sherlock smirked, before he headed out the door. “See you Saturday at 10 a.m., John.”
“Thank you, Nan. I appreciate you. Bí curamach.”
“Why don’t you give me a mo’ and I’ll walk you to your hotel?”
A loud whooshing sound interrupted whatever else Mycroft was going to say, as his eyes followed the plane that was landing. “He’s home.” He said, grabbing his brother’s hand. “He’s home.”
“Pardon me,” John sighed as he placed the phone down on his desk. He sighed loudly before he appeared at the door frame. “Stop it. Now,” John said sharply. “Oi! I’m on an important phone call and you lot are so noisy.”
“I do love a feisty Omega and I can’t wait to break you.”
“What about your sexual orientation?”
“Not by me, though.”
Rosie rolled her eyes, and turned back to her phone. “According to Google, Fantasticland was a privately owned, very successful amusement park. Ritchie Fresno put a lot of money into it and paid the employees well.”
“Later darling, after the pups are born.”
John glanced up at the driver, and then back to Sherlock who was laughing quietly. John shook his head, and tried not to laugh. “Thank you for your lovely input,” John said politely, but then glanced at Sherlock who was laughing hard silently.
“Yes, of course you will,” John agreed soothingly. “Now, won’t you join me in our chairs-” Sherlock closed the gap between them, and flopped down in John’s lap. John laughed with pure glee as his husband wiggled into a comfortable position. Rosie appeared with the tea for her fathers, and her own iced coffee. She placed the two steaming mugs down on the table next to her Daddy’s chair. She flopped into her Papa’s armchair.
“Well, John, I’d like to agree with you… But you’ve been showing me more anger than any other emotion lately.”
John tilted his head in a way that meant, “Me either, but here we are.”
“Of course.” John said, blandly. Internally he thought,
“They are everywhere-”
“Because I made a promise,” Sherlock said, simply. “I am dedicated to making our marriage a peaceful one, if nothing else.”
Automatically, their arms wrapped around him, and he felt hot breath on his neck.
“Wer ist das? Er sieht sehr gut aus.”  =  “Who is this? He looks very good.”
Sherlock blinked at John, and burst out with a laugh. “No one’s ever been brave enough to ask me to my face.”
John nodded, and leaned his face against Sherlock’s chest. His Alpha wrapped his arms around John, and held him for a while. “Yes,” John finally whispered. “I want more children.”
“There’s no charge for this one-” John started. Sherlock’s jaw fell and he glared at John. “Yes, your time is valuable, but you are so-”
John sighed, “That’s not true-”
“Oh!” John exclaimed, as his brain caught up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She used to be my Nanny. I helped her during some trouble with her husband a few years ago. He was sentenced to be put to death.”
“Parties?” Sherlock frowned. “No, parties aren’t my area.”
John exited the bedroom, and wandered into the kitchen. Rosie glared at him and Sherlock cut his laughter off. “I, uh, apologize-”
“Race you!” he shouted, as he took off. Sherlock ran after him and only managed to overtake him when John stumbled. Sherlock grabbed his hand and tugged him along.
“I had the perfect life. I had a home, a wife, a fulfilling job, and a gorgeous darling princess.”
“Shit,” John muttered, as he read the message. “Poop’s hit the fan, acushla!”
“So, you do want to marry him?”
- compared to your mind.” Greg couldn’t stop the words, or tears, flowing out of him. “I wanted to prove to myself I could still handle it, but I fucked up so badly Myc-”
John sniffled, and wiped the tear out of his eye before he scooped up baby number two. He placed her in Greg’s other arm, and took the first baby back. John smiled at her and cooed, then placed her gently in her cot.
Mycroft clucked his tongue in disappointment. “And “Three Continents” Watson, you are overdue for STI testing. I’d make that happen sooner rather than later. It wouldn’t do to have my brother come home from three years of hell to find out that his boyfriend is disease infested.”
Finally an Alpha called him to counter. “Can I help you?”
Sherlock studied his new Omega and quite liked what he saw. The man was obviously intelligent enough to keep up with him, and for a moment-a very tiny one- he was grateful his big brother knew him so well.   “Dinner?” He asked, crisply.
. They’ll look at me differently.”
“That’s fine. Please, whatever fee you deem necessary. I’m a rich lawyer. I-”
“Strep?”
"OI!" John shouted, startling both the resident and the nurse cleaning behind them. “Can we get back to work?”
(See the end of the chapter for
wasn’t ready to talk about Victor Trevor with anyone, let alone the man who held himself responsible. “You know why I don’t tell
“Boring!” Sherlock said, as he jumped from the couch. “Fine, beastie. Let us go bake some bread.”
The man grinned, and made a grab for his shirt. “You’re right, yeah. I should probably get back to the hotel. My team will be looking for me.”
Rosie giggled, and nodded her head. “Oh, no, Papa! What about my Syphilis?”
“Well, we’ve been a bit friendly the last few months, and he’s really been there for me with Mary,” John tried, knowing his words were hollow to her ears. Rosie ran over to her father, and hugged his knee. John placed his hand on her back.
John loved this part. The part where he placed healthy infants in the parent’s arms. That first moment all the pain washed away and was replaced by pure relief, pure love. This was the moment he loved best about being a doctor.
Mycroft took it, and sipped it. “His name is Gregory.”
“Tá tú suite orm, Acushla!”  Abby shouted, startling Rosie into tears. John put his teacup down, and scooped her up. He held out her cup to her and she hid her face in his shoulder.
“Why does Myc do that?”
“Acushla, you act like I wouldn’t!”
“I do want to work.”
we're nearing the end friends... More to come tomorrow or Monday, I hope anyways.
Greg nodded against Mycroft’s neck. “Together?”
“Pees, Da!” Rosie said, making a grabbing motion with her outstretched hand. John laughed, placing the biscuit in her hand.
John dumped the trash into the bin, and flashed a grin at Sherlock. “
The cab stopped outside of the 221 Baker Street. John pulled his wallet out, and tapped the payment screen with his card. He tucked it away, as he walked up to the building. He knocked on the door, and waited.
“Excuse me, I’m an invited guest. Who are you?”
“No, I came here to tell you that you have twenty-four to forty-eight hours until he’s home and returned to his precious Baker Street.”
“Fine,” John said, his nostrils flaring. “You call Mr. Miller back and tell him that you’re going to charge him actual money to investigate the death of his daughter.” John pulled his phone out of his pocket, and tossed it gently to Sherlock. Rosie caught it and laid it on Sherlock’s lap. “Go on, call him back. Tell him the price of his daughter’s life is-”
“Goodbye, Mr. Miller. Please get the information to me as soon as possible,” John said politely before he hung up his cellphone. John placed it on the charger, and stood up. He stretched his body out, and sighed.
“Thank you for coming into Sherlock’s life. He needs a steadying force in his life.”
“Sherlock!” A loud rotund man with a bright red face shouted in greeting. Sherlock smiled politely.
“You should move.”
“Mmm?” John asked, lazily.
“Hello, Johnny. I’m in the kitchen.”
Every night since
“I realize that now,” John managed to say in a thick voice. “Ta.”
‘Lock finds out about John’s Soulmark. Myc’s an idiot. Date night for Johnlock!
“Get out of here.”
John glanced up over Sherlock’s shoulder, and for just a second a blur of
“We need to talk,” John said, elbowing his way out of Sherlock’s arms. He pulled a couple paper towels free and dried his hands.
“It is what it is.” John looked at him, and reached his hands into his pockets. He fumbled with his phone, before he handed it to Sherlock. “There’s pictures on here of your nieces. Send them to yourself, and I’ll pick my phone up on Saturday.”
“She said, “Watch out for my boy. He thinks with his cock, that one.” I was-”
“You’re a right git,” ‘Lock said, before he stood up. ‘Lock wrapped the afgan around himself better and stomped off to the bathroom.
“Are you sure? I can wait to pee-”
“Oh, Johnny!” Abby smiled at her grandson, and clapped her hands in glee.  “I knew Jimmy would find you! He’s always had such a crush on you.”
you to help me remember.”
“Let me know when you’re ready, and I’ll have the nurse escort them to your room.”
“Have you lived in London for your whole life?” Sherlock asked, stealing another chip.
He could see Greg standing behind the flight attendant. He looked him over, then smiled in glee at his husband. “Gregory Holmes, what kind of hour do you call this?”
“Das ist mein Ehemann.” = “this is my husband.”
“Why? why do this?”
‘Lock grinned, “He also owns a BDSM club entitled “Adder’s Den” and of course his club “The Dicyones.” Myc’s a businessman, too.”
Sherlock laughed heartily, and bounced the baby in his arms. “Oh, he’s amazing Mycroft. This ‘marriage’ might actually be fun.”
John nodded his head, and left the kitchen to stand in the doorway between the kitchen and living room. John quietly watched his husband sway and play around the room. His bow moving in precise movements, and the cord from his large headsets to his instrument swinging in his wake. John slightly cleared his voice, and Sherlock turned to make eye contact with him.
“Mmm? Oh, no, my darling. I’ll see you soon enough.” Greg leaned forward and kissed his husband. “Love you, darling.”
John sighed, and took a large swallow of his cold tea. “Again, I ask what do I have to hide?”
“Gemma was my world, and I just-” A sob cut his words off.
“Go,” John said, giving a gentle nudge with his shoulder. The man unwrapped himself from John, and seemed to hesitate a moment. “I’m a big boy, really. I’m ok.”  A light kiss was placed on John’s head, and then he was alone.
John nodded, and wiped his tears from his own eyes. “That’s a good compromise.”
John gasped as his eyes flew open. In the dim light of the room, his eyes struggled to adjust. In a moment, he could see the ceiling tiles well enough to count them.
“Robert Miller. Speaking,” A pause which John heard muffled, “Yeah, thanks. As soon as I’m finished with this phone call I’m all yours.”
The Alpha looked him over with a steely look focusing on the slight bulge at his abdomen. “Your passport, right.” He rolled his eyes. “You just want your child to be born in Britain.”
just a short and sweet ending.
Mycroft Holmes paced on the tarmac as if that would bring his beloved Gregory home sooner. His brother stood with him, bundled up to the nose in his wool Belstaff and blue scarf. “Myc, stay still.” Sherlock said, dryly, watching his brother pace.
“You’re pregnant.”
“Well, you are the one she will have no need for. As her Papa, I will always be needed-”
“It’s not! You’re getting your Soul Mark.”
“John,” Sherlock said, drawing John’s attention back to him. “Did you cut yourself?”
“Papa said I could go.”
“Give me my granddaughter and get out, acushla. I’m furious with you. Go, bréagadóir. I need time, and you need to meet your Alpha.”
“Why?”
“Is there anywhere to get tea?” Sherlock asked, before the two service men could continue their conversation. “John’s hungry, but won’t admit it.”
“That’s what happens when your four year old realizes you eat terribly.”
“I was waiting for you to fall asleep,” John admitted, with a yawn. “You weren't paying attention or else you’d have known I was slow breathing.”
“You’re- My Dad wasn’t a milkman. He owned-”
“How long have you two been together?”
Rosie laughed, and sipped her coffee. “Daddy, tell us about this case. Papa and I will decide if we can take it.”
“Yes, please.” Greg nodded. “You brought them in safely, you’ll make sure they get to Papa Myc and Uncle ‘Lock safely.”
“‘Lock, do you have to be so cheerful?”
“You don’t even know what the case is!” John interrupted, then reached over for his tea. “Put your bow down, I’d like to drink my tea.” Sherlock made a face, but tucked his bow under his thigh. “This case is about a deceased teenager. She died about three years ago-”
thank you!
“This is cleaned up,” Sherlock said, blandly, glancing around. He picked up a few books, and shoved them in the nearest box.  “There’s an attic upstairs and I thought we could split it in half for you and her.”
John kissed ‘Lock’s neck again, and settled in. Slowly he felt his Alpha drift off underneath him. John shifted his body to still be snuggling, but allowing ‘Lock’s body to move.
“Rosie, baby,” John said, stepping towards her. “You know how Papa gets when he doesn’t have a case on-” Sherlock kissed the top of his daughter’s head, then John’s, before he disappeared into the living room.
Greg laughed softly as he lay on the hospital bed. “What a great adventure! Homeless with triplets.”
“You know I don’t make decisions without discussing it with Papa.”
Also, I reference the Speckled Band case twisted a bit for the A/B/O 'verse.
John picked up his trainer, and threw it at Mycroft’s immaculate suit. Mycroft squeaked in surprise. “That was uncivil.”
John nodded, beaming, as the door to the room was flung open. Mycroft entered dragging Sherlock by his ear. “I told you, this is a high security facility. Any and all attempts to break in are ended before they can truly begin.” Tossing his gangly brother into a nearby chair, Mycroft walked over to his husband. “Hello, husband mine.”
John made it to the top of the stairs, and knocked.
“Yes, Brother Mine.”
“You’re such a big girl!” John cooed at her, smiling. He glanced at the funeral director and shook his head. “I had half with me tonight like we agreed.”
“Johnny!”
“They won’t. They stopped looking years ago. Well,” Robert exhaled loudly. “They never looked, truthfully. They just assumed.”
black beret -
“Oh, John! Of course I’ll hold my acushla.” Abby Watson held her arms out for Rosie, who John easily transferred into her arms.
was wrong, but hopefully nothing to do with him.
John glanced up as he redressed in sterile gear, “We just met today.”
“Is breá liom tú, Johnny.”
“Who handled it?”  John asked, with a loud exhale.
Rosie laughed, and kissed the tip of his nose. “I’ll email Mr. Miller and let him know we are taking the case. As for the fee, I’ll say whatever he feels comfortable with sending us is acceptable.”
John stopped at the window, and glanced out. “This is a disaster. Rosie could die forty-”
“I didn’t ask for your help. You feel guilty about killing your brother.”
“I thought you handled this,” Sherlock demanded of his brother as he bounced the little girl on his hip.
John placed the tray down and sat down in his favorite armchair. “Rosie, you are being a silly girl right now.”
“Oh, why would you want to be with a sourpuss like me?”
“Daddy!” she laughed. “I’m not a baby! Blood and gore don’t bother me!”
The man laughed, and joined John on the bed. “You are gorgeous.”
“Obviously,” ‘Lock said, suppressing a smile.
“Did you eat, John Watson?”  Sherlock asked, as he opened the second water bottle.
John sighed, and mentally counted his fingers. “You are not so good at your job, and I am amazing at mine.”
John leaned over and pulled ‘Lock’s chin up. “You’re a good man.”
He could feel breathe on his neck, and the slight pressure of someone standing behind him.
“What do you want to do right now?”
“The very brother of my boss.”
“Congratulations on your impending babies.” Moran said, then glanced towards John. “Just like old times eh?”
“And our huge, comfortable bed where I shall never wear pants again.” Greg yawned, wiping his eyes.
‘Lock groaned, and rolled away. “No.”
“So you’re not fucking yet. Got it. You always had a type, Watson. Tall, dark, handsome.” Moran laughed, as he set the intact uterus aside for proper disposal. “You prefer the loud blokes. You know the ones - so flamboyant it hurts. Of course they all worship Dr. Watson and his giant cock—
“Not enough for my Omega,” Lock murmured, kissing the top of John’s hand, before he began fiddling with the older man’s engagement band. “Did you really mean to propose to me?”
John Watson clicked off the video visit in front of him and sighed. He had a few minutes until it was time for his therapist to call and do a video consultation.
I love you guys. Chapter 7 is at my beta (who's having computer issues) and I have most of nine done, but none of 8. Because my ADHD kicked in and now the BOYS MUST DO THIS OR I'M NEVER GOING TO BE ABLE TO FOCUS ON ANYTHING ELSE.....
“I don’t know, Ro-”
“How did this happen?”
“Did you miss me, Johnny?” a deep voice asked him. Grey eyes met his own.
“That’s my job, Sherlock.” John smiled a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. He ducked his head, and tried to go, but Sherlock stepped in front of him.
“Is it that time?” John asked, pretending to be surprised.
. “Children, Myc. I’m having children. I am not a
“Go away Hudders!” Sherlock shouted, as a loud crash happened.
“Dear girl, your Daddy feels it is too personal for you to investigate it with us. I, however, disagree because-”
John glanced at Sherlock and nodded. “Thanks for your assistance, Sherlock.” He waited for Mycroft to gather himself and let go of the wheelchair, then led the way to the operating room, opening the door for the two men.
John tried not to laugh, struggling to smooth his face out. “I agree that I do owe you many debts-”
Sherlock stalked out of the bedroom angrily. “John, do not charge a fee! Rosie is priceless!”
As if on cue, ‘Lock’s phone beeped. ‘Lock pulled it out of his pocket and glanced at the message from Myc. “Found you and John a flight that leaves in three hours. I’ll send you more details when I get them. Myc Holmes.”
“You-”  John’s nostrils flared and his fist clenched tightly. He held it squeezed tight for a moment, then opened it. “This is my flat, and I want you to leave.”
“Oh, hell yeah. Let’s have some babies.”  Greg huffed, his eyes bright, then glanced up at the door.
“Hey, hey.” Mycroft said, trying to break into his thoughts. “Can I hold you tonight? Tomorrow we’ll worry about fixing it.”
“I have every right to be angry. My wife died.”
“Get out of here, you only mentioned it about seventeen times.”
“Not this kind of shit. The self-hate and lack of safety.”
John pressed the ‘join conference’ button and put on a large smile. “Good afternoon, Ella.”
John laughed heartily as Sherlock shook his head. “You know Papa hates when you do that!”
John turned his plate so the chips were closer for easier access. John took a sip of wine. “Are you going to co-parent with me or are you going to be like the father from
“You get my last name, my money, a safe place to raise our- your daughter.” Sherlock paused a moment before he added,  “Most of all, protection from Sholto.” Sherlock bounced Rosie on his hip while he talked. “Would you like to be a Holmes, little girl?
“No!” Rosie said, sobbing again.
Greg laughed, and placed a calming hand on his husband’s arm, “Don’t panic, love. He’s being sarcastic.”
John shut the door, and brought it into the living room. The aromas from the bag were enticing, and smelt like ‘Lock’s favorite Indian take out. John grinned, then pulled the bag open. He pulled out the soup that ‘Lock loved.
John nods his head to show agreement. “I really enjoyed my evening with you. It had been a long time since I bottomed-”
