“You were taken, by HYDRA, we think,” Tony starts, “you were taken from a training exercise, which I guess you remember. We don’t how, or exactly when, or even where you were taken. We barely know what you’ve been doing, we have an idea, but we were hoping in time you’d tell us yourself. Bucky has already been doing the treatment, but I wanted you to have some time.”
“Can’t she just let me sleep? What press conference?” Tony sighs, cracking open one eye, feeling cold from where Steve has left his side.
Peter shrugs but he’s smiling, looking up at Bucky like he hung the stars, “yeah, I’m tired,” he yawns and shifts about a bit.
“Yeah! I actually looked it up to see if it still existed, but I didn't know about the name change, so all the google results came out with the definition of what a beefburger was,” Bucky is smiling so wide that Tony’s heart melts a little.
“Of course, Sergeant,” JARVIS says mildly, “try entering the numbers 1,2,1,6,1,9,9,1.” Tony freezes, he has an agent by the neck, the man is quivering with the flow of air to his brain being restricted.
“Certainly, sir,” JARVIS responds, as Tony goes back to staring at his newest success.
“It hurts, like fuck,” Bucky’s voice is weak, but there’s his familiar dry sense of humour bleeding into his words. “Think I got shot by some gun but there ain’t no bullets, not so much blood too, gun must’ve cauterised the wound,” he takes an awful shuddering breath, “it hurts so bad, Stevie, please,” another breath, Bucky’s voice is getting weaker and weaker; Steve can barely hear it, “hurry up.”
Don’t screw this up, Tony, please.
“Like you can talk,” Bucky mutters but he’s laughing too, blue eyes brighter than Steve has seen them in a while. “You eat twice as much as me, the amount of pasta you eat could’a fed us for a week back in the day.” Steve smiles wider as Bucky’s old Brooklyn accent makes an appearance, he’s missed it in the past few days.
“Tony-“ Bucky starts, but Tony finally gets the arm disconnected, which causes him to wince.
This is just a cute thing until shit really starts to hit the fan.
“No, Sir, there are no signs of life anywhere near your current position. Captain Rogers does wish to inform you that the rest of the team is moving into the building.” JARVIS says, “he also wishes you to turn on your comm, Sir.”
“Are you going to be okay with this, Doc?” Steve asks, looking up at Bruce, who just nod resignedly and kneels next to Tony.
There’s quiet in the room as each of them just sit and absorb the words, Steve and Bucky remembering events that brought them to that moment. Tony’s eyes are far away, he’s preoccupied with something else like Bucky and Steve had triggered some forgotten memory. Steve can see a single tear running down the side of Tony’s cheek; he stops himself from wiping it away by gripping is mug tighter than before. Tony doesn't seem to notice he’s crying until tears are making a steady stream down his face.
Tony finishes the letter with tears in his eyes, he remembers Mary, he remembers her breaking up with him; he doesn't remember much else though. For the first time, he properly looks at Peter, and he sees so much of her in him that it makes him choke up a little. He isn't even mad at Pepper for providing his DNA without asking him. Reality is slowly setting in on him and he’s pretty sure he has no idea what to do.
“No, no, I don’t wanna,” Peter shakes his head, he looks completely lost, “what’s going to happen to me now?”
“I’m okay, just,” Peter takes a deep breath, Tony knows they need to move quickly, “just hurry up, there’s not enough room in here to breathe.”
“Sure, Tony,” Steve smiles encouragingly but there’s something in his eyes which isn't quite a judgement but isn't exactly friendly either. Tony knows that Steve and Clint will be talking about him the whole he’s with Peter.
Tony’s gaze is sharp, calculating as he looks at Bucky, “what do you mean?” he asks, brown eyes focussed intently.
“With a little bit of cinnamon and marshmallows, in the pan on the stove?” Steve murmurs his eyes going slightly glassy and unfocused at the memory. “You used to spend ages trying to make it over the shitty little stove in our apartment.”
Singing, that’s muffled by the wall, echoes through the room from the kitchen; there’s no backing track playing, so someone must be singing. Steve listens hard to the music, trying to hear the lyrics and guess the person singing. They’re singing a song Steve doesn't recognise, not that that is unusual; he still hasn't really gotten up to date with music, seventy years worth of great songs is hard to process. Whoever it is has a beautiful voice, low and slightly croaky, but gorgeous nonetheless. The sounds of the tap being turned on, and water filling the sink shakes Steve out of his reverie, he nudges Bucky with his hip and raises an eyebrow in silent question.
“Uh, well, I feel like I needed a connection to the addition to the foundation; this is a personal thing for me. Being bisexual myself,” The room erupts into a cacophony of noise, the press go crazy when Tony speaks, he just smiles and continues to talk above the sound. “I felt like I needed to do something for kids like me, for kids who experience the same kind of issues that I have also experienced. I wanted to give back to a community I feel that I have been separated from my whole life, so this is me giving back.” He nods and looks around the room, “any other questions?”
“There’s a small hatch in the roof, Sir, it should be big enough for you to fit through, there are two agents on the roof to your left,” JARVIS answers, sounding like he was proud of himself.
“You’ve been here for four days, Steve,” Tony says moving so that he sat beside Steve, he’s looking at Bucky; one of his hands comes to rest on Bucky’s wrist just above Steve’s own. “You’ve been sitting here without eating or sleeping. I know you can go for longer than average without either, but I also know that you need a break. At least a shower and some food.” Tony turns to face him, his other hand stroking across Steve’s face and into his hair. He pulls Steve’s head down and rests it against his shoulder in a kind of hug. “Please, go and take care of yourself; if there’s any change, I’ll have JARVIS notify you.”
He walks out the door, part of him not caring, but another part wishing he’d been better. He’s not quite sure what better means but he still wishes he had been. The elevator whirrs to a stop just as he leans up against the opposite wall. Thoughts speed around his head at a thousand miles an hour, he hopes this Peter kid is cool; he wants them to get along but he’s also thinking about what Clint said. Honestly, it would be shitty of whoever it was to send a kid after him, he hopes that's not true, and that Clint is just his usual paranoid self. The doors to the elevator open with a slight hiss. Peter Parker is small, just like Tony had been at his age, the more Tony looks at the kid, the more he can see himself. They have the same shaggy brown hair and deep brown eyes, though Peter is a lot paler than he is.
>>@helen_c
Bucky raises his eyebrow, willing himself to hide his feelings deep down, “and what way would that be?” He laughs, trying to play it off for cool and collected, but it comes out as nervous and unsure instead. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Who even says rapscallion, anymore?” Peter mumbles, Tony high-fives him with a proud smile plastered across his face.
“We can talk about that,” Bucky mumbles, “I know exactly what you mean. I’m already seeing a therapist for it, so maybe if your dad says yes, you could sit in on one of my sessions and see if you think it’ll help for you to go too.”
“Please, Mr Stark, call me America. America Chavez,” she walks out the room, white lab coat swaying behind her.
“Yeah, Tony,” Steve sighs, still ignoring the way the rest of the team is most definitely staring at them.
“Here, chug this then go speak to Tony and Steve, they’re probably wearing a hole in the carpet downstairs at this rate.” She smiles before calling a team meeting and jumping out the second story window.
“Gross,” Tony jerks back when he hears Peter’s voice, his son is grinning even though he’s trying to make a disgusted face. Tony steps back, letting Steve pass him, as he reaches for Peter who flings himself into Tony’s arm without further ado. Tony finds himself being bowled into the couch, which is crammed into a corner of the room and not built for a fourteen-year-old who is almost taller than Tony. Tony, who isn't tiny himself thank you very much.
“Tony, I-“ He’s interrupted though by a cry.
“It was, um, good? I mean, the plot was weird? Why would you remake dinosaurs, that sounds like the opposite of clever, but yeah I mean it was good… the dinosaurs looked so real, Stevie, the things they can do nowadays, it blows my mind every time. And the main guy was pretty cool too, yeah it was a good flick,” Bucky grins and sits next to Tony, “so where’re we goin’ for burgers tonight then?”
“It’s okay, Bucky, I got you,” Tony says carefully moving around Strange as he takes Bucky’s hand not the side opposite to the wizard. “Thank you, Doctor Strange. JARVIS let Steve know that Bucky’s awake.”
“He can also speak for himself, I am here because I support this project, I support Tony and the rest of the LGBT community. All of the Avengers do. I am here because when I grew up, we didn’t even talk about LGBT issues. It was illegal, a taboo to be hidden and swept aside. People were being killed for who they wanted to love, and it still happens today, maybe not to the same extent, but I couldn't live with myself if I didn't do something to help.” Bucky sighs, he’s shaking; Tony can feel it through the table, he can see in the way Bucky is sitting. “I couldn't live with myself because, as a gay man, it would be wrong of me to do nothing.”
“I got it Tones,” Bucky grins pecking Steve and pulling back only to be drawn in again for a deeper, longer kiss. “I gotta go before I’m physically made unable to move for the next couple’ hours.” He winks as he stands up and walks out the door.
“Yeah,” Peter smiles up at him, he looks so grown up that Tony’s heart squeezes, “what’s for dinner?”
“You eat like a college student,” Tony groans, resting his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, “there’s some more of Natasha’s borscht left over, maybe you could eat a vegetable for once in your life.”
“Bruce was here?” Tony asks, cocking his eyebrow at Clint, who dares to smirk as he fletches his last arrow.
“I don’t think I do,” Tony shakes his head, his eyes. “God. What the fuck would my dad say- actually don’t answer that, please.” Tony holds up his hand. “What the fuck am I gonna do?”
“They wanted to let me tell you, but I’ve been… a little busy the past few days, so you’ve had to wait. Sorry, kiddo- well you’re not a kid, now, still, I reserve the right to call you kiddo, kiddo.” Tony tries to smile, he almost kind of manages it, but it turns out to be just a weird jerk of his mouth.
“Sir, I have located Mr Parker’s aunt and uncle,” JARVIS says, the mood in the kitchen shifts, Tony looks at Peter who has a hopeful expression on his face. “They are being held in a Hydra facility just outside of Düsseldorf, I should warn you, Sir, that I cannot tell whether they are alive,” JARVIS says.
“Yeah, Buck, sure,” Steve sighs and walks with him, his stomach a boiling pit of confusion and nerves; it feels like a whole company of dancers are tapping in his insides, there’s nothing he can do to get them to stop as his mind dwells on what just happened.
“Just roll with it, it’s good to have a place where you can announce stuff and to put your opinions. Also, it’s nice when people share little things with you like there’s this kid in Alabama, she wants to be an engineer, she sends me pictures of her robots all the time. She doesn’t have a lot, she bastardizes bits of stuff she pulls out the dump; she doesn’t know she has a full scholarship waiting for her at whatever school she wants to go to. It’s kinda cool to have somewhere where people can do that, you know?” Tony smiles, the corners of his mouth tilting up as the girl from Alabama tweets him, saying she just built a robot that opens and closes whatever door, curtain, or cupboard people need it to. She’s painted it rainbow and called it Tony.
>>@tonystark just came out to my parents because of you, cap, and bucky #gayvengers<<
picture attached. <<
They take their seats in front of the ravenous crowd of press, flashes go off as the paparazzi take pictures; Tony squints, it is still far too early for this, he has totally not had enough caffeine to deal with what’s about to happen. He watches as Pepper sits down behind the cameras, she smiles as he flicks through the cards she handed to him. They tell him precisely what to say, he mind flashes back to one particular press conference, one where he’s put down the cards that had been handed to him, it feels like his life began for him at that moment. Still, he decides that this time, he’s going to stick to the cards that are in his hands, he looks downs at them and then looks at Pepper. A small nod from her and he begins to speak.
“What should I do?” Steve asks, looking slightly lost as he clambers down, when he’s on the floor he starts picking at the sleeves of his shirt, a nervous gesture Bucky knows well. His eyes are wide and worried.
Sorry about leaving this for like ages, but I've had A Lot to deal with for the past few weeks and honestly this wasn't my biggest priority. It should be back now with small updates every now and then, I can't promise anything but I am getting back into the swing of this slowly, there should be a bigger update in the next few days!
There is a child sitting bolt upright in bed in the guest room, tears and snot dripping down his chin. Bucky can see even in the low light that the kid looks just like Tony; this child must be the reason for the Avengers’ latest impromptu trip to Düsseldorf, the one he’d been prevented from going on. This must have been the kid that Pepper had ushered out from the main tower before Bucky had had the chance to see him. Stark is already in the room, pulling the kid into his arms, making soft hushing noises.
“Certainly, Mr Barnes,” Tony’s AI said, another thing that Bucky wasn't entirely comfortable with.
Clint has never seen Tony so still, not even when he’s hurt; he’s always in motion, whether its thoughts visibly racing through him or actual movement. Clint knows that when Tony Stark is still, something very, very wrong. Clint rubs the bandage that covers his forearm as he touches Tony’s shoulder lightly. He moves quietly, and if Tony isn’t in his right mind, then Clint doubts he was heard; he didn't want to scare Tony. Clint knows he looks a sight, he always does after a mission like the one he’s just returned from; he doesn’t know what to say, there are no words that could help Tony. Clint just sits next to him, knowing that Tony may shut himself up in his lab but that he also craves being around people.
“Fuck,” he groans as he fumbles, half blind, for the towel he’d laid out by the shower. He’s back in his rooms at the tower, if Tony had been there, he’d be in Tony’s suite with the shower that shoots water in every direction. Instead, he’s in the rooms he’d furnished himself when everything was terrifying and new, and he didn't know what a jet tub was.
“A sticky situation?” Tony’s eyebrow works its way further up his forehead, Clint doesn’t know how that’s even possible. “Do I want to know?”
The scene of the murder looks exactly like every other murder scene Clint has ever seen, and he’s seen more than his fair share. The guy was killed by a bullet to the back of the head, that’s pretty clear to see. He was obviously kneeling, facing away from his killer, he’d been tied up with something, there are still grooves in his wrists and on his arms from the stuff, but there is no trace of it left. Clint’s inspected the vents and even those are clear from any trace evidence; the cops have fingerprint swept the scene and nothing has turned up. Even Natasha looks baffled; she’s talking to Agent Coulson in hushed voices. Clint sits on the desk that’s in the corner of the room, it was clearly an office of sorts, but there are no papers or books left. He’s running his fingers over the wood, feeling the grain of it when he notices the mark.
The quinjet is silent on their way back, Steve is talking in a hushed voice to Fury, though they're arguing he has no wish for Tony to hear what Fury is saying. The SHEILD director is spouting some nonsense about Tony being a liability, that Tony now can’t be an Avenger because he has the added responsibility of a child. Fury wants him to bench Iron Man for the foreseeable future; Steve knows that doing anything of the kind would break Tony. He tries to hold in his anger. He really does. But Fury is spouting all sorts of nonsense, and Steve really can’t reign it in any longer, he sees red and then he’s shouting.
“He’s going to be okay though?” Peter pales, visible even in the dark, Tony can see his face drain of what little colour it had. “He’s not gonna die is he?”
Bucky laughs as he opens the picture and sees Steve’s face with Tony’s poking out from just behind his shoulder. He saves it to his personal file and reminds JARVIS to print it out and frame it for their bedside table. It has nearly a million retweets already, and it’s not been up more than an hour and a half yet.
>>the gays now own the tech business sorry straights its ours now #gayvengers #tonystarkisgay<<
“JARVIS?” He whispers, praying that the AI will realise Peter is asleep.
“Not long, the matte black is really just a hyper-durable vinyl wrapping, and the star is just some grey paint so like four hours I reckon? J?” Tony sticks the wrench behind his ear and takes out the screwdriver.
“I will never be angry with you for something that wasn’t your fault, Peter. You didn’t ask to be kidnapped, alright, you did nothing wrong. Now can you get down here, so we can check you over, please,” Tony gestures down to the ground. He looks at the building watching as Steve comes out of the doorway, a slightly disgruntled Sam in tow.
“Hey JARVIS, how many re-tweets are we on at the moment?” Steve asks; he still looks at the ceiling when he talks to JARVIS, it makes Tony grin every time. Like JARVIS is living in their ceiling, which now that Tony thinks about it, he may as well be. Which is creepy, so he shelves that thought.
“Maybe something less,” he takes a breath, “eye-catching you know, this arm ain’t exactly subtle, Tony, it gives me away when I’m trying not to be noticed.”
“Okay, we gotta go, sir,” Natasha stands in front of Steve. “I will report to you at HQ tomorrow morning at 0900.”  As Fury hangs up with a huff, she turns around. There’s a huge smile on her face. “Don’t worry; I’ll save your ass.” She shrugs, “I do it for Stark on the regular anyway. Besides sometimes, when Fury gets really annoying, Clint will take out his hearing aids, and I’ll pretend to have forgotten English.” She grins, “Stark needs you to be with him in this, the kid practically worships the ground you walk on, and I think Stark really does need help. So, I’ll cover for you with Fury, and you get Iron Man back up to where he was.” She walks away and goes to sit with Clint, signing to him, her hands a rapid blur.
“Tony, love, c’mon, you’re having a panic attack. That’s okay, we can get through this, just remember to breathe” Steve is saying, his voice is low and he’s moved a reasonable distance away. The lights have been turned on but only just so that the room is visible. “Hey, it’s good to see your eyes.” Steve sounds genuinely proud of Tony, so he keeps looking at him. “We can leave if you want,” Tony shakes his head, he doesn't think that he can stand. “That’s fine, we can just sit here and breathe for a bit. Uh, I was going to ask how’s the building going with Clint’s new hearing aids? He’s even been bugging me about them, don’t know how I’d know anything about it but you know how he gets.”
“Of course, your highness, would you like cream and marshmallows too?” Bucky stands, bowing at Tony, who grins and nods at him. “What ‘bout you, Stevie? You want cocoa?” Steve smiles, the blush still hasn't faded from his cheeks; Bucky falls in love with him a little more, though the look he gives his friend gives nothing away. “I’ll make it like I used to, yeah?”
“Sir,” JARVIS’s voice echoed through the dome, “There is something on the police scanners-“
“Sir,” JARVIS says at four thirty in the morning, a whole eight days after Peter’s kidnapping, “I have Mister Parker’s location.”
“Talk to me, Buck,” Steve says through the comms, switching to a private channel so as not to distract the team.
“You think they ever would?” Bucky turns to him and raises an eyebrow.
“There’s nothing wrong with it, is there?” Tony asks, worry in his eyes. It touches Bucky that Tony is concerned about him; there’s nothing wrong with the arm, it’s functioning better than ever, but Peter needed a distraction.
“Yeah I have no idea,” Peter grins, “um a knife could work, I guess, or I could try and pull it apart. I have no clue what this stuff is to tell ya the truth.”
“I can’t believe we’re going to Beefburger,” Bucky grins, hopping off his stool, “and I get a slick freshly painted arm as well, could this day get any better?”
“Steve doesn't want to come out just yet, he wants to settle into this century a little more, which I think is healthy for him. You know for him the war was only a few years ago, he’s still recovering, I don’t want to push him into something he’s not ready for,” Tony smiles, “though he is going to lend his support to the charity, and make a public statement on the fact that the Avengers support everyone no matter their gender identity or sexual orientation. I just wanted to ask if you wanted to come out with me? It would be nice to have some company.”
Steve, for not the first time this mission, thanks Tony silently for the night vision he’d installed into Steve’s helmet. He can see the basement perfectly; there’s even a map of it in the top left-hand corner of the goggles; there’s also a tiny red dot that’s flashing rapidly, all Steve needs to do is get there, and he’ll save Bucky. The thought of his best friend dying again is too much; it spikes anger through Steve like he’s felt only one time before. There are still some lingering agents in the basement, and Steve stops trying so hard not to kill them as he works his way through; Wanda is on his tail, but she can’t keep up with him now.
“The press conference where you are to announce the charitable foundation, and your sexuality, Sir.” JARVIS sounds vaguely amused. “Ms. Potts has called you several choice insults now, Sir, you are advised to answer the phone.”
Tony, for once in his life actually does what Steve says; he gives into the call of sleep and drifts off, letting the darkness take him. He remains asleep until JARVIS buzzes, he groans and considers telling the AI to ignore the call. Beside him, Bucky moans and puts a pillow over his head; Steve chuckles. Tony can feel the bed dip from where Steve has sat up, the pressure increases as Steve actually gets up.
“Third floor clear, there’s no one here,” Natasha sounds every bit like she’s just done two gruelling missions within a day of each other. “I am unhurt, Clint has a nasty cut on his forehead but he’s using the nanobot stitches as we speak; are we clear to take another floor?”
“Only one of the greatest bands of all time,” Tony murmurs, he’s looking at Steve with an odd expression on his face, “Bruce made curry, there’s some leftover in the fridge, we left enough for both of you. Uh, Steve, you okay?” Bucky hops off the stool and busies himself with the curry.
“Perhaps you’ve not seen it, but it’s possible,” Natasha looked at him sharply. “I’ve seen it, they’re happy. You deserve that happiness, котенок, let yourself be happy. ”
“I want to go back to school!” Peter almost yells, his voice is raised above a reasonable volume, and he looks panicked.
“What are the details, J?” Tony looks up, out of reflex perhaps, the sudden noise startles Clint our his daydream.
“Guys,” he says, his brain not quite computing what he’s just seen, “this isn't HYDRA, this is AIM; fuck, Peter, if they’ve done anything to him, if they’ve hurt a hair on his head I swear I’ll-“
“Yeah, thanks, J.” Tony nods.
“She said that your ankle is broken and that they did a shoddy surgery job on your wrists but the web-shooters aren’t infected or anything,” Tony says, he’s completely resolved to telling Peter the whole truth. “She said that she doesn’t know what’s making you heal yourself so fast, so they’re going to do a blood test or two.”
“Your instagram post has a million likes, Master Stark,” JARVIS answers.
“Yeah,” Clint nods a small grin on his face, “he’s on his way. He uh, got himself stuck in a bit of a sticky situation; he shouldn’t be too long.”
“You okay in there, Petey?” He asks, placing a hand on the glass, “we won’t be too much longer, just checking out that ankle.”
Bucky’s eyes open about a second after. There’s a horrible choking sound as he tries to breathe through the tubes, but Strange is there carefully removing them. Tony knows the feeling, of something choking you, making it so no air can get to your lungs, the sense of fire spreading through his chest. He shakes his head and says Bucky’s name, softly, just loud enough for the super soldier to hear. Bucky turns to see Tony standing there, then he melts, he goes limp and relaxes.
“I love you too, kiddo,” Tony looks over to Bucky, who hasn't let Steve go since he let Tony go. Tony smiles over at him, and mouths love you to the both of them; Bucky smiles back a little tired, a little broken but there and alive. Steve runs his hand through Bucky’s hair and mouths the words back to Tony. It has been a long, long time, but Tony finally feels at home again.
“Sir, I would advise against that, your caffeine intake has reached almost dangerous levels,” JARVIS says if Tony didn't know that the AI had no emotions he’d almost think he could hear worry coming from the robot.
Don't forget that I have a marvel tumblr if you want to come and yell at me on there: wxntxr-sxldxxr
Bucky is standing in front of the door to Tony’s workshop; he’s been there for the past fifteen minutes, debating whether or not to go in. His arm is twinging, he thinks he did something to it on the last mission. Guilt is bubbling through him, as he thinks back to last night, he hates the idea of lying to Tony, of telling him that everything is fine; that he and Steve totally did not have a moment, that he hasn't thought of kissing Steve in the last few days. Music is blasting through the walls, Bucky can hear it, and feel the vibrations of the bass; Tony must be working on something, he thinks about asking JARVIS if Tony is too busy to see him, but that would just make his making a decision inevitable. Hovering outside the workshop seems like the best plan for the time being, he worries his lip between his teeth, wringing his hands until his arm gives another twinge. He definitely did something to it on the last mission, this twinge was enough to make him draw in a breath and for his knees to go weak.
“I should inform you, sir, that there is a twelve-year-old boy who calls himself ‘Peter Parker’ on your doorstep.” JARVIS says, “Should I let him in? Is he expected?”
“You are currently on three million re-tweets; the majority of the comments are overwhelmingly positive,” JARVIS says, and Tony swears there’s a little bit of love in his voice.
“Go to the little flashing green light,” Bucky gasps for air, “there’s a panel there with a keypad, enter the code, 1,2,1,6,1,9,9,1.”
omg you’re getting married! that’s so cute im screaming!<<
“Who’d have thought that Tony Stark would be so good with PTSD, huh?” Sam says the other two look at him with raised eyebrows. “Okay, I’m missing something, aren’t I? This is what I get for joining the team two years late.”
The jet lands and is folded into the hangar in the tower with its usual ease, Clint and Natasha disappear somewhere, probably to find Bruce and Bucky to update them on the mission. Usually, they would have gone together to update the rest of the team, but this time, Steve and Tony head for the twentieth floor, where SI have their office and labs. The elevator ride there is quiet and tense, Tony looks more tired than he ever has done and there is nothing that Steve can do apart from being there for him.
“Steve?” Tony asks, looking up and raising an eyebrow. “Is he okay?”
Alaska is as cold and icy as Bucky remembers it from the last time he’d been there. The building is just a little ways out of the centre of Anchorage. Most of its windows have been blown out in some way shape or form, and broken glass litters the forecourt. The corrugated iron door is rusting; there are large holes in it where water has been dripping down and corroding the metal through. Bucky is glad his night vision is almost perfect because Alaska is dark, he’s almost sure that if he looked up at the sky a myriad of stars would be visible. The darkness does mean that the HYDRA agents think they have cover, they don’t. The gun is one of Stark’s best, it handles beautifully, and it built for Bucky himself; it’s so intuitive he barely has to twitch the trigger. He and Clint have taken out about fifteen before the forecourt is cleared enough for the others to go in, Clint hopping down from the roof to follow Natasha. Bucky stays outside, hoping that everyone makes it out alright.
“I know, you’re with Tones, I know, Stevie. It’s okay, you’re my brother, you know. You’re my brother, that’s never going to change,” Bucky nods, his voice sounds strangled like something is lodged in his throat. The words sound like they’re causing him pain to say, and Steve really doesn't know what to do. “We don’t need’a talk about it, Stevie, I get it, don’t worry ‘bout me.” Bucky swallows, “can we go to the kitchen now, I’m absolutely starved.” Bucky squeezes Steve shoulder and starts moving off to the kitchen.
Steve looks at Bucky with a raised eyebrow and a smirk dancing across his face; Bucky at least has the decency to blush and mutter something along the lines of that not being what he meant. Tony, instead of feeling left out, like the two had shared a private moment, feels like he is incredibly privileged to see two people so completely in tune with each other. When they turn and face him, Steve looking like he’s the cat that got the cream; Bucky looking mildly horrified, all he does is smile and walk out the room. He valiantly tries not to skip, but if he hops a little, then no one’s going to stop him.
“There’s a lot of hate on there too, Buck, are you sure you want in?” Tony raises an eyebrow, even as he types out a response to the veteran's son.
“East or West of here, Captain,” he asks. He doesn’t want to make any decisions at the moment. A part of him has shut down, the part that would be cracking jokes and forcing humour through what they're doing. What is left is a burning pit of fury, it boils up inside him, swirling and hissing through his mind. He knows that any decisions he makes from now on will be clouded by the fury; so he surrenders himself fully to Steve, trusting him implicitly with everything. “Steve, please.” He chokes on the words.
Thank you for the response, honestly I can't believe that this is real so yeah thank you!!
From where he’s standing he can hear the breath in Tony’s throat catch in horror; they all know how traumatised Peter is, two sets of parental figures dying in his short life has left the kid a wreck. Tony is doing all he can; he and Peter talk over shared dinner every day, it’s more talking than Tony has ever done. He also has spoken to Peter about therapy; they’ve been looking for the right person for the last few weeks.
“What do you want, Tony?” Bucky turns to him, sliding his arm around Tony’s back, he’s got a glint in his eye, but he keeps a respectful distance. Tony pretends not to notice the way Bucky’s eyes slide to his lips.
my dads are better than yours
“Thank you, Evan,” Tony smiles takes the proffered menu, Evan leaves them, and Tony clears his throat. “We should start I guess, no time like the present. I was going to say, before this evening, that I didn't think I could do the whole three people relationship. I was going to say that if you two wanted to date then, that’d be fine like we could share Steve.” He notices how Bucky shrinks back from him, so Tony squashes the bubbling anxiety down, he thrives on the nervous energy that is pulsing through his veins. It feels like the moment Steve first kissed him, and he loves the electricity that is coursing through him. “I was going to say all of that, but then I guess something changed. I don’t want what I thought I did.”
>>@tonystark
Steve takes a breath; Tony is staring at him from the driver’s seat, the quinjet is on autopilot zooming over the water. It’s the first time that Tony has ever looked thoroughly and utterly lost, his big brown eyes are full of emotion, so much so that they almost look like they’re going to spill at any time. He walks over to him, dumping the shield in a corner of the ship on his way; there’s another chair next to the driver’s seat, meant for a navigator if the quinjet is ever forced offline. Steve drops into the seat, his hand on Tony’s shoulder, it twitches beneath his touch; it's almost enough to make Steve pull away, but Tony’s hand covers his.
“Don’t forget who volunteered to look after your spawn tonight, Stark,” Clint sneers, but there’s no real venom behind it.
Inside the building its a mess of dripping walls, with mould and damp streaking down them. Tony is flying; he doesn't want to make a sound, in case he alerts the guards; at least, he thinks there’re guards. He feels Clint land behind him, he hears the soft rush of air and the thump of boots; and he knows he has backup inside the building now, he enjoys the sense of confidence it gives him. Clint slips past him, darting down the corridor to the right, he moves entirely soundlessly; like a ghost. Tony watches him go, letting out a puff of air before he flies off down the opposite corridor.
“Tony,” Steve says, “thank you, this means a lot, the fact you went to all of that trouble for this, it means so much.”
They work through the night, Tony’s been flying around in Iron Man longer than he ever really has before. He works for two days straight, not stopping; not sleeping until he lands on the roof of his tower with a thud, he’s empty handed of course. There’s no trace of them, only a single thread of Peter’s webbing remains on the roof the tracker last placed them on. Nothing beyond that; not on the roofs or on the ground, Steve has been searching the city from street level while Tony flies above him. Now he’s exhausted, only the suit, which JARVIS has taken control of is keeping him upright.
“Avengers, assemble,” Steve says, though he doesn't really need to because everyone is moving in the directions of their uniforms anyway. Even Bucky and Natasha who only just returned from their latest mission three hours ago. “Buck, Nat, you don’t-“
“You don’t know do you?” Steve sighs scrubbing a hand through his hair shaking his head, trying to stop himself laughing.
“Why just LGBT youth? Why not all homeless youth?” The question comes from the guy with Fox News round his neck. Tony feels Bucky stiffen beside him, “why would you discriminate?”
“Captain America! Mr. Rogers!” Steve tries not to stop. He really does. But he does stop. He turns to look at the person who called his name. “Do you support having Avengers who are gay? Is this the message you want our children to see?”
“Yes, Captain,” JARVIS’s volume is low enough that Steve is pretty sure he only heard thanks to his super soldier hearing. He thanks God for the AI’s intelligence, before realising that JARVIS was built by Tony so of course, JARVIS is going to have some sense.
“A blood test,” Peter’s face screws up, if Tony didn't know better he would say that Peter is pouting, trying to get out of it. “Do I have to?” He knows though that Peter is actually terrified.
“They were supposed to be back,” Tony says, his voice a little hoarse, his arms coming up to circle his knees which have moved to his chest. “This wasn’t supposed to happen again.”
“I’m not stopping you,” Rhodey smiles a little, “Steve’s waiting for you, they’re being kept in room 103, he’s not seen them either; he refused to see them before you. Go to them. Go on.” Rhodey pushes him gently in the direction of the door, his hands on Tony’s shoulders, guiding him like a small child.
“Also JARVIS, these agents don’t seem like normal HYDRA operatives. I’ve never seen this symbol before,” Steve say his voice slightly crackly through the comms, even though Tony can see his vitals it’s a relief to hear his voice, “can you tell us who’s running this joint?”
“Probably Peter, honestly,” Steve sighs. “We all know that wasn’t really about Clint and his questionable eating habits though, was it? We’ll talk about that while we’re out, but before that, Buck; what was the movie like?”
“It’s called Burger Heaven, it opened as-“
“They never stopped looking,” he whispers, his finger tracing the words, slowly as he reads the rest of the article; it is a desperate plea to whoever took him and Bucky, begging them to come home.
He glances between the two of them; they both show their happiness in different ways. Tony can pick out the signs of it in Steve, and he uses them to guess at what’s going on in Bucky’s head. There’s a moment where everything seems to still, where Tony’s breath catches in his throat. Steve gives Bucky a look, words are passing silently between them; Tony thinks he knows what’s being said. Bucky is suddenly pressed just a little closer to Tony, he’s looking at him more intently. Tony doesn't want to pull back, and this time he knows that he doesn't have to, that now it’s all out in the open. Just before Bucky closes the gap, Tony looks at Steve; he’s glad he did, Steve’s eyes are focussed on Bucky’s hand, where it rests on Tony’s arm. Red is prickling its way across Steve’s cheeks, and his blue eyes are completely obscured by black; any concern that Steve could be thinking that they were doing something wrong is dashed. Tony feels no guilt as he leans forward and brings his lips to Bucky’s.
They’re still sitting in the same positions on the couch an hour and a half later, Tony leaning into Bucky’s chest, his breathing is slow, and he’s not shifting around like he usually does. Bucky smiles, Tony’s half asleep, if not entirely and utterly dead to the world; as far as Bucky is concerned, he could stay like that until morning. Steve is looking at them from eyes that seem to be shutting on their own accord; he has Tony’s feet in his lap, one arm resting on Tony’s legs. Bucky knows that if they all fall asleep there, not only are questions going to be asked in the morning, but they’ll all wake up with horrible aches and pains. He doesn't want to make them all move, he’s enjoying the warmth and quiet contentment in the room far too much for that, but he knows that they need to go back to bed.
“Alright, Sergeant, we need back up on the lower ground floor, can you come in,” Steve sounds a little out of breath, but Tony tunes it out as more agents pour up from the staircase.
“I hear you,” Peter mumbles, and he falls into Steve, throwing his arms around Steve’s waist. “I was so scared. I thought no one would find me. And look, they turned me into a monster. They made me into a monster, and I can’t do anything about it. No one can fix me, dad and Bruce tried for the first few days, and they can’t fix me so no one can, and SHIELD is saying that I can’t go to school. I just want to see Ned and MJ, it’s not fair.”
Yell at me on my marvel tumblr - @wxntxr-sxldxxr!
Bucky grins and huffs out a slight laugh, it’s all he can manage with Stark’s hands literally in his shoulder. The arm comes off quickly, more easily than it ever did, since Stark last got his hands on it, and Bucky is sure that when he gets back, there will be two or three new things for him to learn about. Stark is smiling as he talks about Peter, it’s such a soft look, his face has gone from genius scientist to proud dad in a matter of minutes.
“Tony,” Bucky looks at him, a dawning realisation creeping up on him, “are you nervous about tonight? Is that why you’ve started this?”
“Why won’t they tell me what happened, Dad?” Peter looks up at him, his eyes wide and confused, big and brown and just like Tony’s. “No one will tell me what I was doing for a year; it’s so weird like I feel as though I was just here yesterday, but then I look at the date on that calendar, and it’s messing with my brain.”
“Permission to advance in through the room on my own, Captain?” He hadn't noticed Wanda entering the room, but he looks up an sees her standing there; there’s something soft in her eyes. “I don’t think it would be good to leave Sergeant Barnes on his own at the moment.”
“Okay, what about guards? Are there any guards nearby that I need to worry about?” Tony looks around the space.
“What about me?” Bucky melts out of the shadows, his new arm has a bright red A on it, but the rest of his uniform is the same as it had been when he’d worked for Hydra. Minus the face mask and racoon make-up.
Tony’s office isn't huge; he explains that Pepper has the biggest office since she’s CEO and he took a smaller one, which he only uses for meeting business partners and the like. There’s a sofa with two small armchairs at one of the room; Tony sits Peter down on the couch with a glass of water in front of him. Peter is pale, and his face looks pinched and worried, but Tony sits down next to him; the boy seems to calm with Tony’s presence. Tony reaches behind him and pulls the cushion out from beneath his back; he offers it to Peter, the kid takes it and holds it to his chest with both arms cross in front of him.
“In fifteen minutes,” JARVIS informs him happily. “Should I patch Ms. Potts through?” He asks. The cheeky sod, Tony swears colorfully.
“If this is what you want, then you have my support, one hundred percent.” Steve sighs.
holy shit, I called it! I freaking called!<<
“I just thought it was because you didn't want me to hide away in there on my birthday,” Peter shrugs.
“Shit-“ Peter crawls off the ceiling, dropping down easily, as if he’d been hanging out on ceilings all his life, and lands next to Steve. “Steve! Where’s Tony? Where’s the rest of the team? Oh hi, Clint! Sam!! Wanda, you’re all here! Where’s Bucky? Where’s Natasha? And Thor? Are they okay? Are they hurt, I hope none of you got hurt trying to rescue me.”
“Hmm,” Bucky smirks, “you know your ears always go red when you’re lying?” He laughs out loud when Steve blushes hard. “Don’t worry, Stevie, you’ve always been a last minute shopper. The others are getting here a little later, Clint refused to get over here before ten am, cause he sucks. Bruce said he’d be here earlier to help me and Tony cook. Go get a shower or you’ll miss them arriving.” He runs his hand across Steve’s shoulder.
“I eat plenty of vegetables; honestly, Stark I don’t even live here you don’t know my life,” Clint sticks his tongue out and puts the pizza rolls on a baking tray and sticks them in the oven.
“Stark,” Bucky starts, “what the fu-“
Mary.
“Tony-“ Bucky is panicking, thoughts are going through his head at three million miles an hour, he wants to assure Tony that he’s not going to do anything, but Tony just pats him on the back shaking his head.
“You don’t have to do this for me, you know,” Tony says quietly, fiddling with a cufflink; it’s shaped like a tiny version of Steve’s shield, though to the untrained eye it would be easily noticeable. “I don’t want you to feel like you need to do this, not just for this charity or me.”
Tony is standing outside the building, he’s taken the suit off; though Clint can still see Bucky’s blood that had wormed its way through the suit, he shudders slightly, hoping no one else notices it. Peter rushes forward when he sees his dad, Tony smiles and hugs him close, until Peter pushes away with a small grumble of ‘not cool Tony’; but Tony knows that Peter really does want a hug, and he draws him in again. He presses a kiss to the top of Peter’s head, and Peter makes no noise of complaint, even though it’s only been a week.
“Yeah, I figured you guys would have heard about it, even if you’d not gone there,” Tony smiles back, “I know a guy and hired out the whole restaurant for tonight, didn't want any lurkers taking pictures and making assumptions.” He mumbles the last part, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I know you guys aren’t too hype about the press and stuff so I tried to make sure that no one would be taking pictures of this.”
“Yeah,” Peter says handing it to him, “didn’t read all of it, just the first few pages, but they seemed so…” He gestures a little, his fingers shaking; he gives Tony a slight grin.
honestly thank you all so much for the 500 kudos im fucking dead... and let me know how you all enjoyed the talk, i know they haven't even ordered their burgers yet but they're impatient and honestly so am i.
“Thanks, Bruce, but I gotta go see Pete, seen Tones already,” Steve grins and places the bowl in the sink; there’s no point cleaning it, he knows that the whole kitchen is going to be wrecked by the time Bruce and Bucky are finished. “JARVIS, where’s Peter and is he going back to school tomorrow?”
“What?” Rhodey looks at him incredulously, raising an eyebrow. “Steve permitted us to work on James. Tony you can’t hide this from him, this is too big, he needs to know; he won't just let a year of his life go without fighting to know what happened to him during it.”
“Peter is in his room, he is not asleep despite Sir telling him to go to bed an hour ago, Captain,” JARVIS’s voice sounds affectionate and amused. “He is waiting for you to get home so that he can show you his history report on WWII.”
“Really, on my kid’s fucking birthday?” Tony sighs, before offering out an arm to Steve, “that reminds me, Cap, there’s a handhold on the bicep and a foothold on my calf; you can clip yourself in as well if you want but the signal is only coming from Bowery, so it’s not too far.”
“Yes, Steve, they made signs. There are always going to be people with signs, but I love you, and you love me. That is all that matters. That I love you and you love me and that you, Bucky, Peter and I are a family. I don’t care about the people with signs, I care about my family, so if I’m happy and I’m not hurting anyone then fuck the people who don’t like it.” Tony pecks Steve on the lips then drags him over to the table where a plate of scrambled eggs lies steaming in front of his place.
“Always took care’a you, Stevie,” Bucky looks at him, still leaning into his side, and Steve is struck by the realisation that maybe his feelings aren't as unrequited as he thought they were, because they are definitely having a moment. He tenses up, almost imperceptibly, because Tony is somewhere in this tower, Tony his boyfriend, Tony who trusts him. “Always going to take care’a you, Punk.” Bucky looks away and the moment is shattered, scattered to the wind, but Steve knows that he can’t ignore the fact that it happened.
“Look, Peter,” Tony begins, “Bucky got hit, it’s pretty bad. Bruce is with him. He’s a fighter though, too stubborn to die you know, like a grumpy cat, he’s got a few lives left I think, ‘kay? I sent Rhodey, Tasha, and Thor back into the building to do a more thorough sweep of the top floors, to see if we could get a bit more info as to what was really going on in there.”
“I see,” Steve smiles a little, “let him know I am on my way so that he can quickly fake being asleep.”
“Not without me, I hope,” Bucky presses a kiss to Steve’s cheek, “you were up n’ gone pretty early this morning. Long run was it?” Steve kisses him back, before he ruffles his hair.
“No you won’t if you lose them then you won’t be able to shoot arrows at things,” Bucky grabs Clint and pulls him into the room; the others all came pouring back in.
>>@sgtjbarnesofficial
“You can stop pretending to be asleep, Pete, JARVIS already told me you were awake buddy,” Steve smiles as he walks in the room, there’s a light on by Peter’s bed; he’s huddled under the covers with only a small tuft of hair visible.
Bucky is handsome, even when he’s as badly hurt as he is now, he’s handsome; Tony can see why he was popular with the ladies at the camps. There have been many a story about Bucky and the ‘dames’ from Steve, and even a few straight from the horses’ mouth. He’s started coming to Bucky and Steve’s weekly poker nights; there hasn't been a word of complaint from either of them, only a kiss on the cheek from Steve and small welcoming smile from Bucky. They sit, they drink even if two of them can’t get drunk and the other is only drinking apple juice; they talk about the war, the battle of New York, Afghanistan, and they play poker as a way of distracting themselves from the memories the words pull from their minds.
“Hey, you said you liked my arm, right?” Bucky glances back at Peter, who is safely cuddled up in Stark’s arms; Peter nods. “Maybe, in the morning you can watch Tony do some upgrades on it if you want?” Peter whips round to look at Tony with pleading eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony and the rest of the team burst into the room. The face place and helmet of the Iron Man suit are nowhere to be seen; Steve has never been so grateful to see Tony’s face. Bruce has been brought in to assist Tony with the medical care Bucky desperately needs. Though he can see that Natasha has a tight grip on Bruce’s hand. Clint and Sam split from the group to follow Wanda as soon as Steve tells them that she went to find Peter alone. Tony grits his teeth, it looks like it’s physically painful for him to not follow them; but when he kneels next to Bucky and looks at his wounds, he’s wholly focussed.
“Ma’am, it would be awfully hypocritical for me to be against gay Avengers,” Steve smiles, he’s still trying to be polite, he’s keeping his Captain America persona firmly wrapped around himself, like some sort of safety blanket. He nods at the rest of the people, ignoring their screams and yells, and ducks into the building. His head is spinning, he’d told Tony that he wasn’t ready, that he couldn't come out, not yet. Though he’d heard what the woman had said and the words had come out; he’s in the elevator now, wringing his hands together as the numbers showing the floors grow higher and higher.
A big update is coming! So get ready, this is just a warm-up.
“Ye-yeah,” Peter’s voice breaks a bit; it just about rips Bucky’s heart out. But the kid is still gazing up at Bucky with nothing short of wonder in his eyes and Tony is also looking at Bucky like he’s a godsend, and who is Bucky to deny two sets of beautiful brown eyes.
“Alright, bud, but if I catch you slaking I’ll send you to the backline,” Steve looks at Bucky with his Captain America face on, until a wobble at the corner of his mouth breaks into a full-on Steve Rogers smile. He claps Bucky on the shoulder, “really though you get tired or feel anything but one hundred percent, you let me know.” His gaze flicks to Natasha, but she’s already walking out the door, following behind Clint fiddling with her gun.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” Tony nods, “okay. I will.” He is dimly aware that he’s crying, the tears streaking down his cheeks and dripping off his chin. “I’ll take care of him.”
“Um, yeah,” he scratches the back of his head with the arm that’s not currently being detached from his body. “He got really nervous and ended up buying nearly the whole of that Barnes & Noble parenting section. The cashier thought he was real cute though he wouldn't give her the time of day, you know, not now he’s with you. She turned her attention me so fast I got whiplash, but uh…” Bucky freezes, Tony’s humming some nameless tune, but he’s looking mildly interested in what Bucky’s saying.
“No, you nearly burned down our apartment, we had to get the fire crew in and everything,” Steve snorts, Bruce turns a little pale. “It was fine though, and it’d be nothin’ that JARVIS couldn’t handle. Don’t worry Doctor Banner, Bucky can control himself.”
It takes three long months, but Tony Stark is about to walk out of court the sole guardian and custodian parent of Peter Parker. All it is going to take is his signature on Peter’s birth certificate and a signed acknowledgement of paternity which he’s just about to hand over to the judge. His hand isn't shaking as he touches it to the paper. A couple of strokes of black ink and Peter is his; officially, Peter is his son. His son, who is turning thirteen today.
“I saw you,” Tony smiles a little, he’s handing over the arm to JARVIS, so the AI can paint it. “I saw you with Steve, I see the way you look at him,” Tony looks Bucky in the eye, there’s none of the sadness or disappointment or disgust that Bucky expected to see here. Instead Tony looks understanding and kind, he even looks at Bucky with curiosity in his eyes. “Okay, look, I’m going to wait for JARVIS to finish off your arm; you’re going to take Petey out for ice cream, Steve has SHEILD shit all day, then we’re going to go get burgers and have a proper talk about this shit. Honestly, it’s like neither of you guys knows how to speak, and if there’s one thing my therapist loves to shove down my throat, it’s that using your words is important. So we’re going to do that, yeah, we’re going to get burgers and talk about our feelings like adults. I can give Peter to Clint this evening.”
“What d’ya mean?” Bucky asks, looking up at the ceiling the way he’d seen Tony do a thousand times. “What does that mean, JARVIS?”
“He’s like some sorta cat, ain’t he?” Bucky comes back into the room, three mugs of cocoa balanced perfectly on a tray. “Wouldn’t surprise me if he started purring.” To Tony’s credit he does nothing but sits up with a slight glare at Bucky, but he takes the mug with a thanks before moving so he can lean into Steve.
“I remember,” Steve nods, “we talked about how we’d use our army pay to go there when we got back to New York. It was like the biggest thing around town, this fancy Manhattan burger place that served the best burgers in the whole city. Most of the food I ate was boiled, and then there was this diner that served fried things, I was so mad that it opened when I was in France.” He laughs, running a hand through his hair.
“What kind of family am I, though?” Tony stops crying; the tears are drying up leaving streaks of salt water that shine in the low light of the room. He sounds more broken than Bucky has ever seen a person be.
“You have an AI?” Peter asks, which throws Tony because, damn, even Coulson had taken longer to work JARVIS out than that.
fellow gay veteran here thank you for having the courage to come out. got dishonorably discharged because of don’t ask don’t tell, we need more people in the army to share their stories. and welcome to twitter @sgtjbarnesofficial<<
“Stark! Your child is truly made of honour, a wonderful continuation of your prodigy,” Thor shouts from the kitchen.
“Feels a little stiff, Stark,” Bucky teases lightly, “maybe your engineering ain’t as good as you think it is.” This brings out a slightly offended noise from Tony and a small squeak from Peter. “I think you need to let Peter take a look at it. I think he could do a bang-up job of it.” Bucky grins a little when Peter laughs.
“Pepper told me that you once did heart surgery on yourself,” he says, now he definitely is pouting.
“But, I love ‘im,” Bucky sighs, he feels so empty like he’s lost in the middle of the ocean without a compass to guide him. “I spent so long denying that part of me, the part that-“ he takes another deep breath, holding a pillow to his chest, “the part that was attracted to fellas, you know? I spent so long talking myself into silence about it, maybe I just, left it too long.”
“Where are the bodies?” Tony blurts out because really, that’s the only thing that could make Rhodey look like that. “Can I see them?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, like he wasn’t picking up their presents, “I didn’t want to miss anything, I thought I’d get the run out the way so I could come home for breakfast.”
“Warm,” he says, “your skin, it feels warm, not the way I remember, Stevie. Don’t have a fever heat to you now do you? You’re warmer than him though, he’s cool, like water; don’t mind though, ‘ts nice,” Bucky’s smiling, so wide in a way that Tony can only describe as completely happy. “Both of you have ridiculously smooth skin, that ain’t fair. I wanna touch everything now, this is the coolest thing ever, how am I going to be able to repay you?”
“Sure thing, Captain, on my way,” Bucky says, his voice all business; Tony can hear him clipping his gun to the holster on his back as the metal arm whirrs next to the mic on his comms.
“I am going to stop you right there, before I end up having to kill you,” Natasha deadpans, looking at Steve with something fierce in her eye.
“So you’re not angry with me?” Peter asks from the top of the quinjet.
“But you don't need to?” Steve guesses he’s pressing on a pressure point between his eyebrows, Clint only then notices how pale he is.
“Right, kiddo, now it’s time for my gift to you,” Tony stands, Peter looks at him, his brows are furrowed; he’s confused. “Come on; you gotta be wondering why you weren’t allowed in your room after you got up this morning.”
“Incorrect, on both counts,” Strange mutters, looking down at Bucky, “I am a doctor and the Sorcerer Supreme, not a wizard. And there is something that magic can do to help him that medicine cannot do, trust me, I would know. If I may,” he raises his eyebrow toward Bucky.
Thank you for all the kudos so far, it really means a lot! Maybe consider leaving a comment? Tell me what your favourite part of the chapter was or something idk lmao!! Thanks for reading!
“Yup,” Tony nods, “you can talk to him too, you know, he’ll answer to just about anyone. Now, that folder, have you got it?” He notices for the first time the patched up backpack that has somehow ended up at Peter’s feet.
Ten days ago.
Tony nods at this; he seems satisfied with Bucky’s answer, they spend the rest of the elevator ride down to the press room in silence. Their hands are brushing as the doors open on into the green room, Pepper rushes at them as they step out the elevator. Tony is bubbling with that nervous kind of energy, the one he always gets before he steps in front of the cameras, it’s the kind of energy that will leave him drained once it’s gone. Pepper’s talking about something that sounds like it could be significant, but Tony is too busy watching Bucky get put through the pre-conference ritual.
>>@tonystark a gay legend<<
“I do,” Steve nods, “Bucky was always the one who knew more about comics than me, he always found the best ones. It's very important to have friends like that.”
“'Have you been living under a rock the past 50 years?” Tony blurts out, an incredulous look on his face.
“Hey Petey, you’re okay, we’ve got you,” he says slowly, as though Peter is a frightened wild animal. “You’re gonna be okay. Do you mind if I help you into the chair?” His frantically beating heart is soothed when Peter shakes his head and holds an arm.
“Sir, Mr Parker is one floor away,” JARVIS’s voice echoes through the silent kitchen, “you may wish to go out and meet him.”
“You need to get him out there as soon as possible,” Tony mutters to the doctor, “he has PTSD, he doesn’t like enclosed spaces, just get him out of there before he has another panic attack.”
“Don’t- please-“ Tony pauses and seems to struggle for the right words, “I can’t do this alone.” The words come out rushed and quiet like Tony has been keeping them deep down for a long time. “I can’t tell him alone; I can’t.” He runs a hand through his dishevelled hair; Steve notices that it shakes a little.
“Yeah, it’s definitely six,” Tony’s starting to get little worried, “they were supposed to be back in an hour, right? We decided that Peter wasn't going to wear himself out before school, right?”
“Yeah, move upwards, we’re on the sixth floor so we’ll meet on the fifth. Cap and co’, work down then start moving upwards. We’ll all meet on the second floor.” Tony says, “Sixth floor is about two minutes from clear.”
Tony doesn't know what to say, he’d never even thought of allowing himself to have kids and now his son is standing in front of him. There’s no room in his mind for doubt that this kid is really his son, they have the same nose, the same straight line in the jaw, the same shape to their eyes. There’s an uprising of emotion inside him as he realises that this might his chance to have what he never thought he could.
“JARVIS is a traitor,” Peter mumbles but he sits up and grins at Steve anyway, “is Bucky okay? You spent ages at the hospital, I hope he didn't get hurt cause of me. Really, I’m not that important, you didn't need to all come after me.”
The workshop is a chaotic mess of tools and various different holograms; Tony is buried under hologram of the suit. He’s humming along with the music, something by AC/DC, Bucky assumes, judging by the guitars and the voice. Bucky can’t see Tony’s face, his back is to the door, and he’s pretty sure that Tony hasn't heard him come in. There’s a moment when he considers walking out, but his arm is now starting to hurt constantly, small sparks of pain flying up and down it and into his chest.
“Tony, you’re doing great, the kid’s happy and knows he’s well-loved, and that’s all you can ask for. He’s got a family of superheroes to looks after him, and he’s well fed. Really, Tony, you’re fine. Can’t believe you’re going to me for fathering advice, honestly,” Bucky rolls his eyes, “I am the least suitable person to go to this sort of thing for. Maybe you should ask Steve, he bought about twenty books on looking after kids when Peter looked like he was here to stay.”
>> wait. there are THREE gay avengers at least? nice #gayvengers #pride #fuckyeah<<
Tony looks down at his menu; he takes a deep breath, his heart swoops like it does when he takes a risky dive in the suit. When he looks up both Steve and Bucky are looking at him, not like he owes them something, more so with patience and indulgence. His heart is telling him to go for it, to take the leap but his brain has blocked the words from coming out; he knows that his face is colouring with effort. The corner of the menu is bent and dog-eared from where he’s worrying it between his fingers. There’s a churning feeling ricocheting through his gut, his stomach is twisting and turning; he knows that he should just take the leap, that he’ll regret it if he doesn’t, but it’s still taking him everything to actually do it.
I wanted to add a little bit to Peter and Tony's relationship, but I didn't want to make the last chapter so long.
“And my instagram post?” Peter looks at Tony, he walks over to where Tony’s standing; he’s just at the age where getting hugs off your Dad is becoming uncool, but Tony pulls him in for a hug anyway.
“I know, Cap, I get it.” Tony shakes his head, “Tony Stark shouldn't be a father. Peter’s mom thought so too. Well, maybe I don’t find myself hating the idea, maybe I want to be a dad to this kid. Maybe, I could be.” Tony is muttering like Steve isn’t there, he is completely in his head. He looks up at Steve with pure determination in his eyes. “I’ll take him, if we don’t find his aunt and uncle, I’ll take him.”
“Steve, we’ve been through so much over the past few years,” Tony begins, his voice is surprisingly steady. “And without you, I don’t think I could possibly have survived it all. I know we’re already a family, the four of us. But I wanted to make it official, I wanted to show you that I’m committing. You’ve helped us all so, so much and I want to keep you forever, if you’ll allow it. This is it. So, Steve Rogers, will you do me the honour of being my husband?”
“It’s okay,” Bucky smiles, “we talked, and I have a ring as well.” He shows Steve his ring, red and gold wind through a thick band in a plait. “And Tasha is actually ordained, so she’s gonna marry us all. Stuff the rules, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m fine, just,” he pauses and takes a breath, moving towards, Tony and holding him in a tight hug. “It’s good to be back, it’s good to be home.” He says into Tony’s hair, a private moment between the two of them. He presses a soft kiss on the top of Tony’s head, sliding his hand down Tony’s arm. They stand like that for a while breathing each other in, holding each other, until Bucky coughs quietly from the breakfast bar.
“Actually, I was thinking,” Tony says, “I wanna come out like properly, I know the press haven't exactly kept things a secret; they’ve been snooping into my business for years, but I’ve never confirmed what they’ve all been thinking. So I thought, if I can do some kid good by telling the world who I am, then why not? But it’s me right, so I gotta do it in some big way, so I thought I could set up a charity that provides safe houses to LGBT kids that get kicked out. Safe houses that allow them to stay in school do their work, have lives.”
“One of the HYDRA or AIM agents whatever they were shot it with those things they were using, the doctors at the hospital wanted to have a look at it, I remember Stevie telling them not to touch it but I’m not sure what the hell they did,” Bucky shrugs, pretending that he’s not enjoying feeling Tony’s hands running over his arm. “The sensation has almost gone as well like they fried the artificial nerves.”
It has been six long, long months since Peter and Bucky were last seen and a year since they disappeared; even Tony and Steve are slowly losing hope. Four months ago they retired from public life, preferring to let the others manage Avengers’ press stuff. They still fight, every day against HYDRA and AIM and every other person or people who would take peace from the Earth. But, none of them can put the loss of two of their own from their minds. Steve often finds Tony sitting alone in Peter’s room, silently crying for the boy he had only had a short amount of time with, mourning memories they never got to make. In a way, knowing that they were still out there somewhere is even worse. It gives them hope, which seems unfair to Tony because he knows that even if they do get them back, they won’t be the same lover and son as they were.
“Okay, kid, that’s more than enough excitement for one night,” Tony says, getting off Peter’s bed slowly. “Time to go back to sleep. Don’t worry about waking me up or anything if you need me; JARVIS will always be able to help if you can’t find me.” Tony looks down at Peter before he pulls the covers up over the kid’s shoulders.
“What? No! No, I am most certainly not nervous! How dare you suggest that I am nervous, seriously Barnes I thought we were cool,” Tony sputters as both Steve and Clint turn to face him, a bright red blush is spreading across his cheeks.
Tony’s sitting on the roof when Clint sits next to him. It’s three am. The wind is howling around them, but the roof is safe; Tony has installed an invisible exo-dome around it. It’s raining too, but the dome allows them to sit there, dry. Tony has been sitting on the roof since eleven pm. Since eleven pm eight days ago; he’s not moved a single muscle, he’s just been staring out at the city spread below him a map of glowing gold light. Everyone has tried to get him off the roof, none of them have succeeded; JARVIS has done everything an AI can do. He hasn’t even noticed the dark abyss above him, the thing that has stopped him from going to the roof at night since 2012. Clint worries more about that than anything else, Tony has this way of deflecting everything away from his anxieties, but Clint has always seen the way he never looks up when the sky is dark. Now though, Tony is just sitting, staring; he’s not moving off the roof to go back inside, he’s not glancing worriedly up at the dark; he’s not acting like Tony Stark has always done. Tony’s just sitting there, not talking, not moving, barely breathing, his eyes scanning every part of New York that’s lit up like he can see all the way to Washington Heights and through the hole in the light that’s Central Park.
“Yeah,” Steve nods.
“So, you’ll never guess where we’re going tonight,” Tony turns to Steve, a smirk painting his face. “Actually, you might, because I hunted out somewhere that actually existed in the 40s.”
“Peter,” Tony retracts the hand of his suit and buries it into Peter’s hair. He takes a breath, thinking about what to say. “Pete, I’m sorry you felt that way, buddy. I will do everything in my power to make it home every time.” He picks Peter up, and spins him in a circle, setting him down watching him run back inside; he turns to Steve with a small smile on his face and a quirk to his eyebrow that tells Steve they are going to continue whatever it was they’d been doing. “Steve, are you coming? Gotta make sure my boy has the whole family for lunch on his special day, right?”
“Aw, Natasha, no,” Clint mumbles as he drinks the energy shot. “Right then, why I always have to do the shitty tasks I don’t know but here we go. I don’t want to do this I just want a nap and my dog.”
“Tony,” Steve says over comms from where he’s taking down about six agents at once. “Be careful, Hawkeye can you get up on to the roof and provide back up for Iron Man. Tony’s turned his comms off.”
“Yes,” JARVIS confirms, “Sir’s breathing is at two times the normal speed.”
“What?” Steve mumbles into Tony’s hair, his muscles flexing one by one beneath Tony. “No one’s come or gone, Tony, are you sure it's six?” Tony can see them by the light of his arc reactor that Steve’s eyes aren't open; that he’s wearing a frown that speaks of him just waking up.
“Think I’ll stick to the ranged attack, if it’s all the same to you,” Bucky nods, but he’s chucking a lizard into the path of Steve’s shield as it returns to him. Bucky picks up the shield and chucks it to Steve with a grin on his face, “hey, Shell-head, feel like makin’ yourself useful and giving me a ride?” He yells, reaching up with his metal arm. “Stevie, wait till ya see this, it’s so cool!” Tony is flying towards them, one hand outstretched, there’s a buzz of metal, and then Bucky is being lifted away with a whoop.
“It’s okay, just something that you need to know; they didn't want me to tell you straight away, because you were still having that, you know… thing. So, that’s why I’m here now because you’re ready to know.” Rhodey is fiddling with the cuff of his jacket, not looking at Tony.
>>saving the world is gay culture #gayvengers<<
“He sounds, like a good friend, with good taste in comics.” Bucky nods seriously, “you know, I used ta show Stevie loads of the best comics too.” Bucky perches on the bed, smiling when he sees Peter’s face lose some of the sadness. “We used t’ save for weeks to get them, then we’d read ‘em in bed, where it was warm.” He can practically feel Steve’s smile from where he sits; he looks up to see it, it blinds him. “Remember, Steve?”
Peter takes a breath, he pulls away from Tony, moving back a few feet before he jumps and lands on the side of the quinjet. Tony shakes his head, making sure that he isn't hallucinating; that his son is really hanging from the front, the vertical side, of a quinjet. Peter watches his dad carefully before he turns and crawls up the side of the quinjet, Tony can’t stop his mouth from dropping open in shock, his son is crawling up a wall like it is an entirely reasonable thing for a thirteen-year-old boy to do. There is no way for him to react, none of the many parenting books he’s bought has prepared him for his son sticking to walls.
Translations for the Russian:
Steve is still, his hand's rest by his sides, swinging there uselessly; he doesn’t know what to do. It takes him a minute before he realises that Tony’s finished. With his hand trembling he reaches down and lifts Tony’s chin so that he’s looking and him in the eyes. He moves the hand that under Tony’s chin so that it cups his jaw, Steve strokes his thumb across Tony’s cheekbone. Tony is entirely too aware of Steve’s leg that is slowly but surely making its way between his own.
“Thank you, Tony,” Clint smiles, and pointedly takes out his hearing aids. He turns back to fletching his arrows, letting Steve and Tony that he’s not listening or watching them. He signs to Steve, ‘it’s okay you can carry on.’
“We combine to make the ultimate dad,” Tony laughs, his face breaking into a huge smile, “it’s perfect Petey. On the count of three, let’s break the internet. One. Two. Three.” They press post. “JARVIS. Turn all notifications off for every device on the Stark Network in this building. Put out the statement that we prepared last week and send it to the New York Times.”
“Sir, I have completed a scan of the building, using data from the Avenger’s night vision goggles, there is a reinforced room with a significant electromagnetic signature on the lower ground floor; it seems that Sergeant Barnes is the closest to it,” JARVIS says.
As the others slowly start to filter back into the living room, Steve grabs Tony’s wrist. Tony looks at him with a slightly shocked expression, but he leans into Steve’s touch. He gives Tony a few seconds to pull away; he keeps his grip on Tony’s wrist light, so he doesn't feel trapped. Tony doesn't pull away. Instead, he raises his eyebrow at Steve and nods his head in the direction of Steve’s room.
“Parker?” Tony remembers something about that name, it brings back memories of dark hair and bright blue eyes, “show me the video feed, J.” The AI does as bid and Tony can see the kid. He looks terrified, his clothes are worn and they look like they need a good wash. Tony is shocked by how much the boy looks like him.
“No, I was cryogenically frozen for 70. I don’t appreciate your tone young man.” Bucky deadpans, raising an eyebrow.
“What did he do?” Tony asks, perking up, and standing to move into the kitchen but not before he casts Steve a grateful look. “Thank you, Steve.”  Steve stands and follows Tony into the kitchen.
“Is Peter alright?” Steve asks.
“I guess, I don’t want to remember if I did something horrible,” Peter sighs, he shivers a little, “But I do want to know some things, I feel like there’s a gap in my head. I know time has passed, but I can’t see myself as part of it.”
“Can’t, Buck and I have already started cooking; Pepper and Rhodey are going to be here in a minute and Peter’s alarm is about to go off,” Tony laughed, tapping Steve on his ass, “go on, the sooner you get a shower the sooner you can join in the festivities.”
“That’s the thing, we can get all the answers we need from Bucky,” Steve starts, looking at Tony, “we don’t need you to remember. Peter, the memories from your time away from us will likely be horrible; your dad doesn't want to put you through getting those memories back, not unless it is completely your choice.”
“Fuck,” Tony says standing up, “J let him in.” He’s freaking out, trying to remember what the hell happened back then, but the memories are too frayed and patchy to be clear. “Tony,” Steve breathes, “did you know?” Steve is looking at him with his wide blue eyes; there is no judgement in them; mainly curiosity.
The get to the living room and Peter looks around with wide eyes, Clint and Steve are just about visible in the kitchen, which is just off to one side. Peter freezes at the sight of the other Avengers, but instead of fear on his face, he looks almost awestruck. Tony wants to laugh but he knows that this would be exactly the wrong thing to do in front of his son that he only just met.
“Steve,” Tony says, but he knows that Steve is already moving as fast as he can. He can see Bucky’s vitals dropping even as the seconds go by; all he can do is kick through the agents swarming the stairs, trying to get to Bucky as soon as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr Stark!” Peter yells as he runs to Tony, “Ms Potts showed me the newest Stark Phone, it’s awesome! That holographic camera is so cool! Is it true you designed it all yourself?” Peter takes a deep breath. “Wait, no don’t answer that just yet, did you find my aunt and uncle? Are they okay? Can I see them? Where are they? Are they waiting for me at home? Are they hurt? Can I go home?” Tony doesn't say anything he puts his hands on Peter's shoulder to still him a bit.
“Oh it was a bad time to walk in here,” Bucky is standing in the doorway, Peter is right behind him, craning his neck around Bucky’s arm. “Are you guys seriously fighting over pizza rolls?”
“Hey, Steve,” Clint asks walking into the room, he stops when he notices them all on the massive sofa “oh, on second thoughts, its good, I got this.” He pulls a hot pocket from his jeans and stuffs it in his mouth. “Um.” He swallows quickly, “Peter’s waiting for someone to train him, he’s looking forward to jumping off some buildings.” He looks like he wants to be anywhere else than in the same room as the three of them. “Can you hang like a sock on your door later, so I can take out my hearing aids? I have heard many gross things but like, you guys uh going at it would make it to the top of my gross things list. Also, I may or may not have accidentally adopted a teenage girl? And a dog? They’re at my apartment, but I’m gonna bring them here, so okay bye.” He finishes the sentence and the hot pocket before anyone can actually answer him.
“Yeah, I heard Fury in the kitchen with Dad,” Peter nods, “he said that I was too strong to go to school, he called me dangerous.”
hey look, kids! a fossil! @sgtjbarnesofficial<<
“Pete,” Bucky croaks, “I think we’ve been gone a little longer than we thought.” He points to a missing poster that was stuck up on the side of a wall. Both of their faces are staring back at them from the photo on the poster. They were about seven blocks from the Avengers Tower, right where the two of them had gone to get churros, what they thought was only thirty minutes into their training exercise “That says we’ve been gone a year. Do you have anything with the date on it?”
It’s not until later, once they’re all sitting at the table in the kitchen that Steve is hit by the freight trains that are his feeling for Tony. Bucky notices him tense; their legs are pressed together under the table; he turns to Steve with a questioning eye. Steve just shakes his head, and turns to laugh at something Natasha said; Bucky grabs his wrist under the table and tugs three times.
“I wanted to talk to you, котенок,” Natasha gives him an easy smile, dropping into the armchair he salvaged from a purge of living room furniture Tony had a week ago. “I see the way you look at them; I know that look.”
“Yes!” Tony shouts as he jumps up and runs to the tree.
“You’re not allowed to die, James Buchanan Barnes,” he pokes lightly at Bucky’s arm, “you’re not allowed to die because, if you do then I will have spent all that time working on that arm, for nothing. You’re not allowed to die, because I was going to let you take Peter to that Adventureland thing when he got back, and now he’s back, so you’re going to take him. You can’t break a promise you made to a thirteen-year-old. You’re not allowed to die because,” he takes a deep breath, “because Steve loves you and he’d break without you. You only just got each other back properly. Don’t leave him so soon. Plus, I think I'd miss you quite a bit myself, who else is going to sit in the workshop and listen to me ramble?”
The burgers had been just what Steve had imagined as he’d read Bucky’s sister’s letter all those years ago in France; now though Steve is being dragged into the penthouse by his wrist, out of the corner of his eye, he can see New York glistening below him. Years have passed, but the city still has the same soul; he feels Tony move behind him, Tony’s arms encircling his waist and Tony’s lips against his neck. Bucky is there in front of him, broken and remade, the same but different all at once; but he still has the same core, the same soul, much like New York. Steve draws Bucky to him, their lips touch, and Steve is home. He sighs into the kiss, smiling as he feels Bucky’s lips turn up at the corners; Tony is running a hand down his back.
He moves off without a second word, sprinting after the others, it takes him less than five minutes to catch up with them. It seems like the hidden room is more of a corridor with several different rooms branch off it; the empty rooms are set up in ways that look like they were used as labs. Steve shudders, thinking of Peter being kept down here on his own, in the dark and damp. They move slowly, methodically searching each of the rooms for Tony’s son, but there’s no sign of him, not until they get to the last room. It’s a cell really; there’s a steel door with a tiny food flap and a window cut into it. Peter is crouching in one corner, the rest of the room is empty of everything, there’s not even a bed. The kid looks perfectly healthy and normal, or he would do if the corner he’s crouching in had been on the ground.
“Yeah,” Peter’s voice is quiet, tension leaks through the words as he says them, “there was one other thing, after that, they knocked me about a bit, but nothing really hurt that much. They made me run up the walls and stick to the ceiling, then they pulled me down again; I think I sprained my ankle when that happened. Not sure.” Tony can see him getting antsy, there’s a tight set nature to his shoulders, and his hands are starting to fiddle with the hospital gown.
The only noise in the room is the rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor and the whoosh of air from the ventilator. Bucky is surrounded by tubes and machines as they carefully monitor his recovery. Steve is sitting beside him, in the same position as he’s been since four days ago; when Bucky was put in the coma. The blast has ripped through both his stomach, intestine, and liver just about tearing his abdomen up. Even with the serum HYDRA had given him, there is a high chance that Bucky naturally will not wake. Steve clasps Bucky’s limp hand and prays for the first time in a long time. He prays for Bucky’s health and happiness, he prays for Peter, that he won’t lose another person so soon after May and Ben. He prays for Tony, knowing that Bucky’s death would tear the other man apart; lastly, he prays for himself, it’s more of an afterthought really.
ps: it’s a spring wedding guys.
“The folder?” Tony asks, “wait before then, do you have a picture of  Aunt May and Uncle Ben? I can use that to help us find them.” Tony explains as Peter reaches for his phone. The kid hands over the phone, on the screen, is a picture of three people all at Disney World together. “Great, thanks, Peter.” Tony air drops the picture on to JARVIS’s server. “You got that, J?”
“Right, so what about the new suit you were making me, the one that had vibranium threaded through it? You said that sewing was never your forte, but you were trying to find a way to combine the original material and vibranium?” Steve maybe isn't as gifted with science as Tony, he’s never really taken the time to study it, but the serum has given him a brain that could handle things better than he’s ever been able to. He’s trying to take advantage of it, he’s never had the opportunities he has now and he owes it to everyone to use his brain; he knows he does.
They meet in the living room, just out of earshot of the kitchen, where Thor and Jane have just dropped in. Peter is staring at the god in awe while talking to Jane about his latest science project; Steve figure the boy would be smart but he’s surprised to hear that Peter is already in high school. Tony sits carefully on a chair facing Steve’s, he’s looking at him a little warily, but there’s no distrust. Now and then, Tony steals glances into the kitchen and every time he sees Peter smile or he hears him laugh, there’s just a little more love painted on his features than there was before.
“Go home Steve,” Tony says, pressing a kiss to Steve’s hair, “I’ve got him. Don’t worry, I’ll be here; I won’t leave him.”
@stephup tony says to tell you to dm me?<<
“I do have an apartment in Bed-Stuy, but Simone lost the electrics, and hot water in her’s so I said she could have mine while I bunk over here. She has two kids in school so she can’t deal without electric and hot water.” Clint smiles looking at the slightly shocked expression on Tony’s face. “Yeah, Stark, I’m actually a nice person. Do miss my dog though.”
“We should do that post,” Tony laughs, pulling out his phone. “Come on Steve, Bucky, Petey. Are you ready to break the internet?”
Steve is panting as he gets back from his run, he means to go around the back of Stark Tower, the entrance that looks like the back door of the restaurant next door, the way he knows that no one will bother him. There’s a crowd that spills out from the main lobby and on to the street though, a mass of people with placards and huge signs; they’re yelling and glaring at the building. Steve knows he’s been out a while, and that Tony and Bucky have likely already finished the press conference. He’s not stupid, he puts two and two together. The crowd must be a protest. They must be angry at Tony and Bucky. Anger bubbles up inside him, burning hatred. He’s been fighting all his life, not just in wars to keep these people safe but in battles against his own mind. Steve has only just come to accept himself being the way he is. These people, they come to his home and want to make him feel like he used to. Like he’s sick. He pushes down the rage, and squares his shoulders, he turns to the front entrance and starts to make his way to the crowd of angry people.
“Yeah, yeah, make sure he’s safe, get him to Tones; then go and sweep the building with Falcon and Widow. See if you can recover any information about what they did to him, I’m sure Tony will want to know as much as possible. Then, Hawkeye, tell the whole team to get some rest, good food and sleep are what we all need right now. Contact Fury, tell him the team is out of commission until a week from now; tell him that he shouldn't contact us for anything short of the end of the world.” Steve is wearing a tired smile, he’s looking at Peter, “Pete, it’s going to be okay, you’re going to go and see everyone, then you and your Dad are going straight to the doctors; they’re going to help you, then you’re going to get some burgers and go to bed.”
Warnings for this chapter: graphic wound description, mentions of PTSD and a panic attack (that's not in detail and not POV but it's there).
“Barnes, if you complete that sentence,” Tony stops himself from saying something that would have been equally rude. “Not in front of Peter.”
“On it!” Clint disappears with a shout, his bow disappearing into the building. Steve can hear Tony and Clint land with a soft thump; he turns his attention back to the swarm of agents that he, Natasha, and Sam are currently trying to clear. He wishes that they had a few more people, he decides that in the morning they’d send a memo to Scott Lang.
“Yeah, I think I’m just going to stay up here a bit,” Tony says, yawning, the suit doesn’t come off though; Tony raises an eyebrow. “JARVIS, you can take the suit off me now.”
“Yeah, she ain’t my type,” Bucky tries for casual, but he fails, “you know, she’s missing certain things and has some things that I ain’t really in to. Honestly, if Stevie weren’t with you, she’d have more luck with ‘im.”
“Where?” Tony’s voice is shaking; he’s on his ninth coffee, the black bags under his eyes look almost purple. The rest of the team, including Thor, have woken up now, all of them blinking sleep out of their eyes; Steve is by Tony’s side in less than a heartbeat, his hand on Tony’s shoulder, thumb rubbing circles into the skin.
“Sometimes, things that happen to me trigger memories,” Bucky explains, ignoring Tony’s impatient huff and hand gesture. “Tonight, watchin’ you comfort Peter, it reminded me of when Steve’s mom-“
“Stop picking at the presents,” Tony comes up behind him and wraps his arms around Steve. “Or I’ll have JARVIS make this area out of bounds for you.” Tony pecks him on the cheek, Steve spins around and draws him in. Then they’re kissing properly, Tony’s lips are soft and warm against his and it feels like Steve is home, wonderfully; truly; deeply, at home. “Alright, now it really is Christmas,” Tony laughs. He looks so happy, it’s infectious. “Why don’t you go get a shower and then we can definitely find some mistletoe to get lost under for, I don’t know, like an hour?”
yell at me on tumblr: @trans-hawkguy
“Murderous alien lizard things,” came the distinctly unimpressed reply from Clint. “Can’t seem to find a source, am going to need a lift to a higher position. I’d prefer it if the Hulk didn't give me a lift this time, I was picking bits of building out my hair for weeks.”
Eight fried wires later, and a slightly singed off eyebrow, and he’s slamming his head into the surface; his fingers are itching towards the bottle of whiskey that’s sitting on the counter opposite him. The smell of burning hair is going to linger in the room for quite some time, and honestly Tony does not want to deal with it, but the generator comes to life beneath his hands, and everything seems worth it. It takes everything in his willpower to not go running about the tower letting the whole team know how god damn good he is. Though, he’d promised to let them all sleep after they had got back from a particularly nasty mission (which he’d not be needed for) so he decided to let them sleep.
“I have been dealing with hatred since I was ten years old and I figured the ladies weren’t the ones doing things for me, I can deal with some faceless people on the internet; it sure beats being beaten up,” Bucky grins as he moves to sit next to Tony; it only takes them ten minutes to set up a profile for him.
“Please, take him, he’s been crawling all over the ceiling, Clint the fucker showed him the air vents that he can now get into. I swear I’m going to kill that man,” Tony rolls his eyes, finding the catch where the arm meets Bucky’s shoulder. “The whole spider-kid thing is going to take some getting used to, I mean, of course, I obtain a child, and then he gets turned into a web-spinning-ceiling-dwelling-kid. Just my life, right? I already lived with two WWII soldiers, two ex-assassins, an ex-carney, and a scientist that got a little too friendly with gamma rays, as well as the Norse god of thunder; why not add a spider-kid to the mix?”
They sit down, all of them, all together, and open their presents. Tony can’t remember a better Christmas. The last three years had been hard, so hard, but now Tony has his family and his friends and he can’t quite believe how happy he is.
“Oh my god. You are such a dad,” Bucky laughs, as Tony shows him a blurry video of a rainbow robot opening a kitchen cupboard. “That is pretty cool though. Oh, look! The president just followed me!” JARVIS had been filtering the notifications Bucky had been receiving. “Holy shit, the president just followed me…” Bucky laughs again eye shining, “this is too much power for one gay to have. What should I say?”
“So, kid, are you okay?” Tony asks, “Cause whether you’re really my son or not, showing up here in the state you’re in is tellin’ me that things aren’t exactly peaches.”
“He talked to me, you know?” Steve whispers, “he told me about SHIELD, do you think I could punch Fury?”
“Yeah, yes,” Steve nods and smiles. He watches as Tony stands, he can visibly see him pulling himself together; the things that make up Tony Stark slowly knitting together again.
“Steve, can we talk?” Tony says as soon as Steve enters the common area, he stiffens up, almost imperceptibly. Tony realises what he’s said and corrects himself, “not a bad talk, I promise.” Steve relaxes and walks forward towards him, Tony meets him, pulling him into a little hug; kissing his cheek, he says, “just wanted to tell you that Bucky, you, and I are going to get burgers and talk about our feelings and grown-up shit tonight. Clint’s watching Peter, he’s out with Buck right now, but they should be back soon.”
“Don’t have to do anything, nothing, I don’t want anything,” Tony shakes his head, he’s acutely aware of how close Bucky is to him. They’re only a few centimetres apart, and Steve is a substantial barrier at his back; Tony can’t move anywhere, not with his workbench pressed up against his left hip and Steve’s arm wrapped around his right. He’s not panicking, JARVIS would have warned him if he were, but his brain can’t catch the train of his thoughts, and his breathing is fast. Tony knows that his heart is pumping out a quick staccato rhythm, but he’s too caught up in the electric grey-blue of Bucky’s eyes.
“Fine,” Peter sighs, “it was worth a try, Doctor Chavez, don’t want to bother Bruce.” He yawns, it’s a whole body thing, as though he’s lost what little energy he’d gained by sleeping on the ‘jet.
Sam steps up with a knife holding it out to Steve who bends and starts picking at the webbing. Peter is sniggering from where he’s moved to stand with Clint, who produces a flashlight from his belt and points it at Peter. A quick field examination is not going to be good enough to figure out what AIM did to him, but it’s enough to point out the obvious. Clint runs his hands over Peter’s wrists feeling the web shooters that are apparently embedded under his skin; there are ugly red, raised scars that run from his wrist joint all the way down to halfway to his elbow. Peter flinches and makes a small sound as Clint touches them, he takes his hand back and continues the examination just by looking. Bruises are littering Peter’s face, his lip is split, a nasty lump of clotted blood sits on it; that must have bee the cause of the lisp Peter has developed. Clint can tell just by the way that Peter is standing that he must have hurt his ankle, probably from landing on the floor awkwardly; that would have to wait, and it seems like Peter can walk fine. All Clint wants to do is get the boy out of there, he knows that he and everyone else in the team would take a bullet for the kid, he rests a cautious hand on Peter’s shoulder, giving him time to pull away from the touch. There’s a tiny sound from Peter’s mouth, and then he’s leaning into the touch, his big brown eyes that are so much like his father’s, widening and misting over.
“Tony,” Steve is smiling so wide his jaw is aching, “I can’t believe you beat me to it,” he laughs even as tears start to pour down his cheeks. “Yes. I will be your husband. Buck-“
“That’s cool too I guess,” Peter shrugs again, he’s turned from excited and full of energy into the quiet and vaguely scared boy Steve had seen that morning, which is honestly heartbreaking. “Is he gonna be our bodyguard or something?” It’s a childish question, but Steve knows that it isn't uncommon for children to regress a little when scared or nervous.
“Damn right,” Bucky nods, stealing another quick kiss before he reaches over Steve’s shoulder to Tony, lifting his head. “What about you, Stark? Are you okay?”
>>@Beyonce
Kudos and comments keep me writing so please, do that, I need validation. Aha.
“You know, I caught him stuck to the window, trying to climb out and on to the roof? He said he could stick to almost anything now, so I threatened to put him in a huge bathtub if he did it again. The look on his face was priceless, Bucky, I’m telling you, you should have been there. He turned pale and promised not to do it again, made sure he knew I was joking though, I’d never do that to him. His therapist told me to try and normalize his powers a little, you know but it’s hard.” Tony scrubs at his face, getting oil on to his forehead. “We’re going to try and get him back to school for September, I don’t want him to grow up like me. I want him to feel normal, he’s going over to Ned’s in a week which I think-“
It takes three months for Peter to get kidnapped, he’s on his way to school when the bus is stopped, and the bad guys call his name. Peter steps forward. From there it takes them a whole week to find him; Bucky is ninety percent sure that Steve and Tony don’t sleep, in fact, the whole team doesn't sleep. Not properly anyway, they all drop off from exhaustion at some point; the entire team is camping in the common room; mattresses, blankets and pillows move in there, migrating from bedrooms. The room is littered with files and paper, all their research on where Peter is, and who took him; there’s a board where bits of red string links different suspects and areas of the world, it’s mainly for Steve’s benefit, holograms never suited him. There’re take-out cartons on every other available surface, various bits of other detritus clutter the space, the team has basically been living in one room since the first few days that Peter was missing. Thor even came back from Asgard to help look; he’d been going back there semi-regularly to visit his family.
“No,” Ben shakes his head, “no, that’s not going to happen.” He’s obviously having trouble breathing, and his speech is becoming more and more slurred. “You take care of our boy, you make him good, Tony Stark. You tell him that I love him, that his Aunt May loves him, that his mom loves him.”
“I will enter that into my protocols,” JARVIS acknowledges, “it seems that Sir is starting to stir, his heart rate is elevated.”
“No, no it’s not,” Tony shakes his head, breaking the hug and pushing the box towards Bucky, “I made it new for you, I know you didn't ask me to; I didn't get rid of the old one, I actually did the same colour scheme for that one too. In case you wanted that one. But uh, this is new, all of it. It’s almost all vibranium, like the one you’re wearing at the moment, but this one allows you to feel sensation. Touch, pressure, rough, smooth, hot, and cold, everything; you’ll be able to use it just like your flesh arm. Um, so, yeah… I was actually thinking about making a titanium-gold alloy version, one that’s less expensive to produce and pumping them into the VA.” Tony looks away as Bucky’s eyes grow ominously wet.
The bed slowly comes out of the machine, Peter’s eyes are wide, he’s terrified; Tony knows he has about a minute to calm him down before there’s another panic attack today. Peter’s hair is still matted with blood, sweat, and grime; he looks like he’s about nine, not thirteen, Tony’s heart breaks there and then. Even he couldn't protect Peter, even he with his eyes all around New York City, he’s supposed to be a hero; what kind of hero lets his own son get kidnapped? He shakes his head, now is not the time to break down, he has to be there for his son.
The world passes them by as the moment seems to drag on for far longer than it should, Steve looks at Tony, noticing the lines on his face from where he smiles. Tony’s hand on top of his is lightly calloused from his time in the shop; Steve can see the web of thin white scars from too many hours in the workshop. There’s dust, dirt, and not a small amount of blood covering Steve; any other time he would feel slightly embarrassed by it, but Tony looks the same. His face is layered with smudges of red and brown, without even thinking about Steve raises his other hand to cup Tony’s cheek. It never even crosses his mind that the rest of the team can see them, because, honestly he doesn't care. Tony leans into the touch, even though it’s slightly awkward, Steve’s breath catches in his throat. Time passes, it feels like hours but must be no more than a few seconds before JARVIS’s voice echoes through the quinjet and the moment is shattered.
“Can you do it?” Peter asks, looking up at Tony, and yeah, Tony will never get used to seeing his eyes looking back at him.
“Yeah,” Tony nods, “yeah I can do this.” He’s shaking when he stands; his knees can’t find a way to keep him upright. He half collapses before Steve’s arm works its way around his waist, holding Tony against his body.
“You’re not that you anymore.” Steve is shaking his head again, Bucky feels like he’s intruding on a private conversation, but he doesn't want to leave Tony, he doesn’t want to leave either of them. “Sure, you might have been that person once, but you ain’t him anymore,” Bucky smiles as Steve’s Brooklyn accent slips out as it always does when he gets frustrated. “Who is the one that makes sure Wanda gets out of her room to eat? Who is the one that can get Bruce to calm down the fastest? Cause it sure as hell ain’t me. Who was the one that sat up with Bucky that first night he was in the tower? Who was the one that kept me sane when I was out of commission for a month? Who is the one that keeps makes sure every new member of the team never feels left out? Who gave over his goddamn tower for us? Who makes sure there’s always food? You, Tony, not me, not Fury or Phil, you. That doesn’t sound like someone who would make a bad father to me.”
“We’re just gonna go grab something,” Bucky grins and ruffles Peter’s hair on his way past. “No peaking kid. We’ve tried real hard to keep this secret, don’t you go ruinin’ it at the last second, you little rapscallion.”
“How dare you,” Tony nearly shouts, “you threw yourself into that with no warning, no plan, and you call me reckless. You could have been killed, would have been if we aren’t all freakishly in tune with each other. This was too much, too much risk-taking; I was only there in time because Barnes yelled for me.” He pushes Steve into the window; they haven't even made it into the tower. “You’re supposed to be the leader of this team, do you have any idea what I would- what they would do if you died?” Steve shakes his head; he’s in shock, the way Tony is speaking to him is something he’s not heard before. “We’d crumble,” Tony rests his head on Steve’s chest. “I’d crumble.”
“Try the East. Then move on to the West.” Steve must notice something in his voice because he doesn't even ask Tony, why the usually disobedient component of their team has given in to being a proper soldier. “Don’t stay quiet on the comms, let us know what you're doing, Iron Man.” He’s all business, his voice is hard, and Tony knows that this is the soldier that helped win the war for America.
“Like a whirlwind,” Bucky snorts, “we ain’t in Kansas no more, Stevie.” Bucky bumps his shoulder against Steve, its a move that used to make Steve stumble, or at least break his pace, but now it barely even moves him.
“Bucky,” Peter tugs on his sleeve, “Bucky, everyone is staring at us, why are they staring? We didn't crash into something again, and I don’t think I’m bleeding. Unless I have churro dust all around my mouth, wait where’s my phone? It was in my pocket, I swear if I dropped it Dad is gonna-“
“You. You read about polyamory?” Tony asks, raising an eyebrow, his brown eyes glittering with something akin to amusement. “You read about a relationship like what we could have?”
“Nobody calls them ‘flicks’ now, Barnes, the kid’s in Bruce's lab, I think they’re going over advanced cell biology. Rate the kid’s learning he’s going to be in and out of MIT by the time he’s eighteen.” Clint is digging through the fridge in the kitchen, “Oooooh hot pockets!”
“Ms Romanov is currently in her room,” JARVIS answers, “she is not asleep, would you like me to inform her of the situation.”
“He is, Sir,” JARVIS confirms, “should I send him through to you?”
A night. A press conference. A family.
Bucky’s arm is a thing of beauty; Tony is almost in love with it, he’s certainly proud of it. Instead of just retouching the paint job on it, he might have replaced the whole thing. He may have wanted it to be a gift for Bucky, all he had done for the arm when Bucky had arrived was replace a few bits of the internal workings; to try and make it less painful for Bucky. The new arm is made out of vibranium, he’d been begging King T’Chaka of Wakanda for the metal to make the arm for weeks. T’Chaka had pulled through, and the shipment had arrived that morning.
“It is Wednesday, the 16th of April. And the year is 2014,” JARVIS says.
“Yeah, I’ll comm the others, make sure they’re okay,” Steve nods, a flush rising and spreading across his cheeks. Tony actually winks at him before he ducks inside, laughing at the silly little dance Peter is doing on the coffee table.
“Yeah, I got it,” Steve kicks the man in front of him in the face, taking him down with a groan. He kneels on the floor, shield above his head as Hawkeye runs towards him, there’s a sudden weight, and then he’s pushing up watching as Clint flies through the air with a leap and a flip. Clint lands on the roof, skidding on a patch of moss, in just enough time to see Tony jump into the warehouse through the hatch. “Hawkeye!” Cap calls, but Clint is already sliding through the hatch with a quick grin.
>>@stephup
“It wasn't any trouble, honestly,” Tony shakes his head, he looks tired and a little worn out, but his face is warm and open as he gives Steve a smile. “We should probably head out pretty soon though. Not before I’ve given Bucky his new arm; I wanna see his face when he sees the paint job.”
“Is tomorrow at eight good?” he asks, somehow, despite the kissing, he still feels nervous asking Tony on a date.
“No,” Tony shakes his head.
“I am already scanning the local area, sir,” JARVIS answers. “Would you like me to expand the search citywide?”
“Alright J,” Tony looks at Steve with panic in his eyes, “can you guys stay here; I’m going to bring him to the living room but, can you please?”
“I wonder who has a higher mental age, Clint Barton or the actual teenager?” Tony mumbles as he slips into a stool, he places his head on the counter and starts laughing, or crying, he can’t really tell.
“Yes,” Steve knows now, that this child, Peter, is worth his life. “Of course. But Tony, we aren’t the most normal family are we?”
Peter and Bucky had disappeared from their training session. No one has any idea who had taken them, where they had been taken from, when exactly they were taken; even the collective might of the Avengers hadn't been enough to find them. Clint sits on the roof next to Tony, as Steve falls apart downstairs. The only thing Clint can think to do is pull out a packet of goldfish and pass them to Tony. Tony takes them; Clint knows that he’s reliving the past ten days, he’s seen that look in Agents who’ve lost someone, he knows that he once wore that look about two years ago.
“He says he is your son, sir, should I let him in?” JARVIS sounds almost amused; there is a small of tiny of worry in that usually impassive voice. JARVIS zooms in on the picture the boy is holding something to the camera. A crumpled piece of paper with the tower’s address hastily scribbled on it, there’s a name there too and a photo of a girl, Mary Parker, looks about twenty-five; she’s smiling at the camera. Tony feels like ice has been poured down his back; he knows her, they had about two dates back when Tony was trying to fit in with what his father wanted him to be.
“Four hours will be ample time, Sir,” JARVIS responds, “we should have you up and running in less than a day, Sergeant.”
“So,” Bucky rocks back and forth on his feet, he thinks for a moment, Peter hasn't stopped crying, but his eyes also haven’t moved from Bucky’s arm. “Hey, Peter,” He says, “I’m Bucky-“
Tony stops talking as Steve kisses him quiet, he usually would be annoyed, but right in that moment he can’t bring himself to care; he’s too busy focussing on the way Steve’s hand runs through his hair. There’s heat in the kiss, and desire flows through Steve’s touches, but something there’s something different in the emotions that are pouring through Steve to Tony. He can feel how grateful and loving Steve is in the way his hand winds its way through the hair on the back of Tony’s neck, in the way his fingers play with the short curls of hair that rest there.
“I cannot, Sir, sorry,” JARVIS sounds almost sad as he answers.
“He was diagnosed with PTSD two weeks or so ago,” Steve shrugs, he was going to debrief the team about it the day Peter was taken. “He’s had one to two before, things have been hard on him, and I don’t think he got the right kind of support after his mom and dad died, I don’t know, but Tony’s good with it.” Steve is telling the truth, Tony knows exactly how to coax Peter out of his panic attacks, he’s seen it before.
“It’s alright, kiddo, we got you now,” Clint murmurs, “Cap, I’m going to get him out of here while you de-web yourself, alright? Sam, you stay with Cap, and Wanda, you’re with me.”
Bucky smiles back and walks forward; he knows that Steve is standing in the doorway, he can hear his breathing. He knows the man behind him so well, to know that Steve is watching him very carefully, it hasn’t been too long since Bucky threw the Winter Soldier off. “That’s right; me ’n’ Stevie have been best friends for a long time. Is Ned your best friend, then?” Bucky asks, noticing that the sniffling has stopped, though the tears keep falling.
“Fuck,” Tony says, squeezing just a little tighter, “Bucky, are you okay?” All he gets is a quick grunt of yes in confirmation before he turns his attention to the man in his grasp. “Right, party time is over shithead, who do you work for?” He slams the agent into the closest wall, making sure that the rough concrete shreds the clothes and skin from the man’s back. “Come on, it’s not like they're going to be able to save you, you fucks took my son; if there’s something you should know about me is that I don’t like it when people take my shit. So come on, who do you work for?” Tony holds the man a solid two feet off the ground; there's sweat and blood trickling down the man’s face as he gasps for any air he can take in.
“And I broke the internet,” Tony laughs as he hugs her back, his closest friend, “I would never have been able to do all of this without you, Pep,” they stay there hugging for a long time, until Tony feels a tap on his shoulder.
“Must have been hard in the forties, what with you know the whole like dick and die thing,” Tony grunts, he’s got the screwdriver in his teeth, his hands buried in the wiring of Bucky’s arm.
“Um,” Steve says, looking up at Peter through the flap in the steel door, “right. Okay.” He says before ripping the door off its hinges. He realises then that Peter didn't know who was outside the room. Steve works it out as Peter shoots something at him which sticks him to the spot. “Pete! It’s me!” He shouts his hands up, “it’s Steve, we’re here to rescue you.”
“Hey guys,” Clint walks into the room, “you checked that your spawn is still alive? I wouldn't trust Barnes with my cactus, let alone my child.”  He jumps up on the counter, swinging his legs as he begins to re-fletch his arrows.
“Yeah, sure, Steve,” Peter mumbles, the surprise of being rescued and the adrenaline that brought is starting to wear off; Clint knows that if they don’t start moving now, he’s going to end up carrying Peter to the quinjet.
“Something like that,” Steve says, after getting a small nod from Tony, “I’m here to make sure that everything’s okay.” Peter seems satisfied with that, so he nods and carries on following Tony to the offices.
“Right on to your uncle, but what made you come over here?” Tony asks, looking at the kid over his glasses, with what he hopes is a kind encouraging smile on his face.
“We should get back,” he breathes, but he doesn’t move, “Peter, I need to talk to Peter, I promised to take him to Coney Island.”
“I am a functioning adult, Steve; I can take care of myself,” Tony grimaces and tried to dodge around Steve to get back to the safety of his lab.
“That ain’t my old arm,” Bucky whispers in his ear, “that ain’t the HYDRA arm is it?” His voice is shaky and filled with a hidden depth of emotion, something that Tony has never heard from Bucky before.
It’s Christmas in New York, the morning has only just dawned but Tony and Bucky are in the kitchen already bickering over the turkey. Steve’s just got back from his run; he can hear them even as he steps out the elevator. Peter isn’t up yet, he probably won’t be for another couple of hours or so. Today is the day that they’d decided to announce to the world their little family. Steve is honestly quite looking forward to breaking the internet. Things over the past year haven’t been easy, and he’s anticipating the joy and happiness they’ll feel when they can finally no longer hide. Getting Buck and Peter back had been hard. The hardest thing they’ve each ever gone through, but Steve knows that it’s made them stronger. As a unit they’ve never been better. And they’re happy, really happy. He looks at his face in a panel of reflective glass, his cheeks are rosy and the end of his nose is bright red from the cold. It had started snowing not an hour into his run and he’d got pretty cold out there.
