Sherlock’s was packing his suitcase which he had delayed until the very last minute. Mycroft would be here in fifteen minutes. He hated Christmas but he knew that it was no use to try to stay behind in college. His older brother would drag him home if need be. Everyone was excited to go home for a few weeks, people were running around in the corridors shouting to each other.
After John has fallen into a frozen ditch and is all wet and cold Mrs Holmes decides it is best that he stays in the guestroom. While John is sleeping, his sister Harry is making a drunken scene downstairs which makes his mother decide John can stay the entire holiday at the Holmes'.
‘My parents should think we have stayed here for one more week before we left for college’ Sherlock said emptying the bin and putting it outside. ‘Not that they get suspicious’
‘John’
Sherlock had to give up fighting back. He felt the blade against his throat. But worst of all he saw the same happening to John.
‘Of course, not mother, I wouldn’t dream of it. Speaking of nagging, where is Mycroft?’
‘Well better is a word but not one I’d use’
‘Hm, fine, no more?’
‘It’s okay Sherlock, you don’t have to do it all on your own anymore, I’m here’ John said ‘Stop feeling guilty, I have. She did what she felt she needed to do. It’s not on you, it’s not on me, that’s how she was’
‘And here I thought sparks were flying off between us already’ John laughed.
‘Or have pictures of me tide up naked in the trunk of my car smeared all over the gossip columns, no’
John sat down in the other chair ‘I don’t know where to start really’ he said ‘but first I’d like to thank you for giving Rosie and me a home again’
“John” Sherlock’s voice was more a warning than a start of a conversation.
A folded piece of handwritten paper came out and when John opened it some dried flowers fell out. Mrs H. sighed. John looked at her and she quickly closed her mouth.
John’s phone beeped several times while he was in the shop to buy some groceries. His arms were full and he couldn’t reach his phone but he knew if he didn’t answer and it was Sherlock he’d hear it all evening. He sighed, put some of his groceries back in the basket, pulled away from the queue apologising to everyone in it and picked up his phone when it rang again. It was Mycroft to his surprise, not Sherlock.
‘I have never done this either’ he said ‘yes I have had a girlfriend before but to be honest, I never felt like this with her like I do with you, this feeling of… utter excitement! I feel butterflies in my stomach every time I look at you, let alone if I just touch your hand or brush by you, oh hell the sparks are even flying between us!’
“Sherlock, how are you?”
‘Oh, if I ring Mrs H, she will be delighted to show it to us’
‘Sherlock, I’ve come for you. Come on let’s go home’
‘You’re welcome, mother’, Mycroft said smiling.
Mycroft walked in with a big smile on his face. The man next to him was sweating heavily and wiped his brow with a handkerchief.
They sat there next to each other on the sofa for a while when suddenly there was a knock on the door.
Sherlock rose slowly from his chair. ‘You don’t have to say anything if you don’t want to, John’ he said softly ‘If I misread the situation…’
Mycroft nodded and looked at John; ‘The things I’ve gone through for my little brother, Dr Watson…’ tears welled up in his eyes.
‘What are you trying to do?’ John took a step back and looked Sherlock in the eyes ‘are you trying to scare me away? Because I can tell you now you won’t be able to. I love you, Sherlock Holmes and I will be here whenever I can, I will learn to be a better doctor in the army and I come right back to be here with you. I know you are waiting for me and I have something no, someone to come back to. You won’t get rid of me that easily’
‘I am just concerned’ Sherlock shrugged.
‘Story of my life’, he mumbled.
“Must go, laters” SH
‘Mycroft, Greg, your parents’
‘John’ John said.
When his mother left, Sherlock quickly took a shower and dressed in a suit and tie, knowing his mother would want him to be immaculately dressed for the occasion. With his curls still damp from the shower he walked downstairs and saw his brother already sitting at the breakfast table.
“Why?”
“I’m so sorry” John said in tears.
‘Oh brother mine’ John suddenly heard next to him and turned around to see Mycroft had come in.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes ‘Are you sure now John, I mean really sure?’
‘Excuse me?’
‘It will, just give him some time. He is a complicated man, he just needs some adjusting. It will be alright’
“The pain will be less soon” she said. “Are you up for some visitors?”
‘Wow!’ John exclaimed.
“I do, now if you will excuse me, I have to go. I am late as it is.”
John looked at Sherlock with a grin. ‘What you’re really asking is; ‘Did Rosie mind being left behind at my mother’s?’ and no she didn’t, she waved goodbye whilst sitting in her tiny pool in mum’s garden under the parasol and everything. No, there wasn’t too much water in it and yes my mum was watching her like a hawk. Don’t worry, Sherlock, my mother is going to spoil her rotten’
“Sexting Sherlock?”
‘You go and sleep, god knows you need it’ John whispered. Sherlock was a very poor sleeper, going to bed at the same time as John but getting up in the middle of the night to pace around in the living room.
Sherlock pushed John out the door where Mary was already waiting with a grin ‘If she doesn’t and I’m at a loss I’ll call you’
“You seem like a decent fellow, like one who was straight but now has been lost your way, faggot. So see what we do to your boy here so you won’t forget how we treat fags like you, got it?” John couldn’t let them do that to Sherlock and tried to struggle free but finally they pinned him down and kicked him in his stomach and his crouch.
‘I have of course and he hasn’t been home for over two weeks’
‘Oh Sherlock’ she smiled ‘It will be so lovely to have you here, and you, Dr Watson is it?’
“Good grief, don’t try to smile, it makes you look even more horrible” Mycroft blurted out.
Mrs. Hudson left and Sherlock appeared in his pyjamas and robe.
‘Call her’ Sherlock said.
When John was warmed up inside the cottage and had put some of Sherlock’s clothes on, even though they were too big, they all sat down for dinner. John still shaking and shivering.
He slowly walked downstairs and went into the living room where Sherlock sat in his chair reading the paper.
‘Yes and annoyed and bored and what’s with the twenty questions’
‘Don’t go Mycroft’ Sherlock suddenly said grabbing on to Mycroft’s hand ‘I don’t know what came over me. You are right; I am not like that usually’
He walked into the living room where Mrs. H. handed Rosie over to him; “I’m so sorry to be here so early dear, but I have an appointment”
“That’s your fault” Sherlock said, he turned and bent his head so he could kiss John.
‘Mycroft, if all you do is complain…’
‘Tea?’
‘Three o’clock in the morning’, John supressed a yawn.
‘John, are you studying to be a psychologist? If not do not pretend you do’ Sherlock snapped.
I saw tears well up in Sherlock’s eyes.
With great difficulty Sherlock picked himself up from the floor and waved as if he was going to fall down. He held his hand out to stop John from supporting him when he tried. He waited a minute to stand absolutely still and looked them both in the eyes. He was definitely under the influence of something but lucid enough to talk straight at them.
‘No I haven’t I’m sorry to say. We’ve been very busy with buying baby stuff and all’ John tried to explain.
Sherlock nodded which hurt and he flinched.
‘Mycroft, what can I do for you?’ John asked.
‘Thank you Mycroft, have you left any cake?’
‘I’ll take a cab home’ Mary said ‘I will leave her here so you can talk to Sherlock in the morning and explain things’ She carefully kissed Amelia’s head without waking her ‘You’ll need all the support you can get’
Quietly he walked to the guestroom and knocked; ‘John’ he whispered, ‘are you alright?’
‘Harriet!’ Mr Watson warned her.
“You can stand there saying we are going until you’re blue in the face, I said no” Sherlock said with a sigh closing his eyes.
The door opened, and a middle-aged lady stood in the door ‘Sherlock!’ she smiled with wide open arms ‘it’s been ages, come here you!’
‘That Sherlock feels guilty when I start talking about mum, that mum saved Sherlock and ended up dead somehow’ Rosie looked at her dad and Sherlock ‘did I make a good deduction?’
‘I do what because it is what?’ Sherlock stammered.
‘I might as well’ John yawned.
‘I don’t know what to say’
John sighed ‘Yes I’m afraid you’re right’
John sat there with tears in his eyes and Sherlock just looked shocked.
Sherlock rubbed his face. He was still confused.
Sherlock opened his eyes blinking to all the light suddenly pouring into his room. John, who was in his room now and had switched on the lights, was standing over him with a concerned look on his face.
‘Okay, so you need more proof then’ John grinned ‘You are greedy, aren’t you?’
‘I do yes’ Sherlock nodded.
“Why are you interrogating me, Mycroft?” Sherlock sighed.
‘Good morning’, Sherlock answered in general as his father just walked in.
‘You don’t sound fine to me’
Sebastian laughed. ‘It’s true though and he couldn’t have known that! Go on, Sherlock’
She looked at him, her eyes filled with tears; “Don’t you think I miss him too? Don’t you think I cry at night too? Don’t you think I would love to have him back with us too? Because I do! He was my dad and I really miss him! But if you are behaving like this it’s like… like you are gone as well! Like both my dads are gone.” Rosie started to cry softly.
‘That’s nice dear, be sure to take some sandwiches with you. Oh, and John, don’t fall into any frozen ditches this time’
Mycroft nodded to John.
“What do you want for dinner, Sherlock? Shall I call in for some Chinese food?”
‘I’m back’ John said and when Sherlock didn’t react ‘I’ll make tea’
Sherlock looked at him pensively ‘Isn’t that a bit drastically? I mean, there are other ways to deal with family problems you know’
‘Dr Watson’ Mycroft Holmes voice sounded cool as a cucumber as usual over the phone John thought.
‘Oh John, this letter was accidentally delivered at my address but it has your address on it. It is strange though, there’s only an address not a name on the envelope’
‘You think that was it nothing more?’
‘Doing what?’
‘He’s been nothing but wonderful with her ever since she’s been born. You just don’t want to leave her alone’
John woke up startled and in a daze. ‘What, where am I?’
‘Thank you, Mrs H,’ Sherlock said and kissed her cheek.
‘God no Sherlock stop!’ he yelled out.
“I’m sorry too” Rosie snivelled. “If you’re not ready, you’re not ready”
‘None of your business Mycroft’, Sherlock mumbled.
All of a sudden it was like all lights were switched off in Sherlock’s eyes. He started staring and stopped rambling. He reached in his pants pocket and handed Mycroft a list softly saying ‘Not fair’
‘Is Molly walking him home from the morgue today?’
‘Sherlock, you are too old for these silly games, no walking away this time please’, Mycroft said as if he could read Sherlock’s mind.
‘Perhaps you should lie down again while I tell this’ Sherlock said and started telling him about Harry.
‘Sherlock, it’s me Mycroft’
‘We all did’ Sherlock whispered.
“So she gets a present?” John pretended to pout.
She smiled through her tears and he whipped them away as if she still was a little girl “Soldiers” he said.
‘Elaborate’
Mycroft poured the tea and they walked over to the couch.
They walked for a while quietly side by side. It was a clear sky, but it was still very chilly. The snow lay frozen on the ground still and there was no sign that it would snow again. The sun was shining even, although it remained cold. But walking kept them warm.
“Right, I’ll come back later then” Greg said and left.
‘John, I got here at the right time I see’
John quickly walked back to Sherlock to see he really was sobbing and knelt down to hold him.
John put his hand on Sherlock’s.
‘Don’t you touch me!’
‘That was so lovely, dear’ Mrs Hudson finally said.
‘Yes, she is’ John smiled. He put some pillows on the floor next to the couch and decided that he wanted to sleep as close by as he could to the people he loved. Lying on the floor he looked up to Sherlock and Amelia and smiled. He closed his eyes but opened them when he heard Sherlock’s voice softly saying; ‘Good night John’
Rosie walked over to Sherlock hugged him and said ‘because I think you are pretty amazing and so did mum’
‘Not so loud John’ Sherlock put a pillow over his head.
‘That’s what she said’
‘Mycroft, how good of you to come’ Sherlock said still giggly.
John tried to crawl to Sherlock “Sherlock, talk to me”
‘You don’t have to dad, I heard already’ a voice came from behind them.
We walked up to where Sherlock was sitting, in his own chair by a window staring outside. He didn’t react to our voices or us talking to him. He just sat there. His shoulders hung, his face had no expression whatsoever. A nurse came over and saw us sitting there with him.
‘I’m sorry’
‘What?’ Sherlock asked turning around.
“Ta, much appreciated”
‘Mycroft mother, it’s not that difficult, you’re the one who came up with the name’.
‘Mycroft!’
When Mrs Hudson was gone John stood up and walked to Sherlock.
The head belonging to the filthy person looked up with bloodshot eyes ‘Go away’ he said in an eerie voice which didn’t seem to belong to him.
“I should have protected him better. I’ve been a soldier for god sake! I know how to defend myself and others”
‘Yes’
John looked at Sherlock who was shaking his head at Mycroft.
Had he really misread the signs? Could he be this wrong? He had been wrong before, but he was so sure this time. He was such an idiot!
‘And that doesn’t have anything to do with what day it is today?’
‘Good’ John said ‘send them over’
The voices became louder; ‘Oy faggots!’
‘Good night John and yes’
‘In the kitchen’ she whispered her eyes all red from crying.
They took some sandwiches and a container with some water and John put it in a rucksack. ‘Well, I’m ready, show me the best spots in the countryside. I can’t wait to see all the spots where you were going when you lived here, when you were growing up here’
‘You don’t even care for her like I do!’ Sebastian yelled back.
‘At work in the office I think, why?’
‘Guys I need you’ Greg said followed by ‘oh hello Rosie’
John looked up and smiled ‘I love you too Sherlock’
‘It’s alright John, you can stay here as long as you want’
‘Oh, of course’ she winked at Sherlock ‘Hello John’ she hugged John as well ‘come in, come in, tea?’
John looked into Sherlock’s eyes. He could be mistaken but it wasn’t the first time he saw this. Was there something more there, something more in his concern, in his friendship, in his feelings?
‘I’m just worried that’s all’
‘Mother just informed me that they will leave this morning for their annual skiing trip’ Sherlock said.
‘I heard that!’ Mrs Holmes’ voice came from the other room.
“Quick, get up, it’s Mrs. H.” John hissed.
‘Who is this? This isn’t me, it can’t be me. That man is old. I’m not old, John, I’m not…’
‘No I haven’t’
“Sherlock?” he tried.
Suddenly John started talking ‘I told you I was done with it all earlier’ he said ‘I’m done taking care of that broken family, pretending that everything is okay. That my dad isn’t cheating on my mum whenever he is away for work or that Harry isn’t drinking all the time. So, after college I am going into the army, to be an army doctor’
‘I haven’t figured that one out just yet. Have you talked to Sherlock about it?’
John fell silent for a moment, not knowing where those words came from or what to say next.
John walked off with Greg to give his statement while Mycroft stayed and waited.
‘You sleep it off Sherlock, I’ll be here, I will always be here’ and started reading.
That is where John and Mary found the both of them when they returned. John stood there watching emotion welling up inside him. Mary smiled and took out her small camera and started taking pictures.
‘John, John, are you alright?’ Mary had to call his name several times before he heard her.
‘I am asking Greg’
Mycroft’s car pulled in the driveway and Sherlock put his suitcase in the trunk before he got in.
Despite everything John had to smile ‘You’re so like her sometimes. Yes that sums it up but I’ll tell you the whole story but first I’ll call you in sick, just this once’
They arrived in London early in the afternoon and walked to 221B Baker street.
‘Yes what?’
I took out my phone and started calling Mycroft.
‘What’s in it for me?’, Sherlock asked.
‘I’ll leave you here to watch that’ Sherlock said ‘I have had enough for one day. Or you must need me?’
He heard a sound and when he looked to his right, he saw John had slipped on an icy patch and fallen down a steep path into a frozen ditch.
‘Don’t say anything’ John said ‘just feel’
“Yes that was to be expected, he never is around this time of year.”
‘Thank you mother’
“And to think all I have for you is a book”
‘I’ll make tea’ Sherlock said unfolding his long legs from the bed. He hugged John and stood up ‘I love you John’ he said with his deep voice.
‘Hm love too’ Sherlock smiled.
After a few beers they were laughing together and enjoying themselves more than Sherlock thought he would before they left.
‘What? Can’t I feel sorry for my little brother?’ Harry sarcastically said. ‘John is always the better one, oh Sherlock you should know, you have a brother like that as well! Always the better part, always getting comments like; “Why aren’t you more like your brother?” Am I right or not?’
Sherlock was up later than usual and when he got downstairs, he found John in the kitchen just finishing his breakfast.
Sherlock just sat there staring at him. John never felt this uneasy.
‘Mycroft, what kind of mood are you in today?’
Sherlock felt pain, he tried to mouth the word but couldn’t. His mouth wouldn’t comply.
John looked at him while he did that.
Sebastian laughed even harder; ‘You hear that fellows? Mr. Holmes is deducing!’
‘No, perhaps you are correct to say that’ Sherlock said ‘maybe I am not facing my family problems as well, but it is something else to go in the army to escape them’
‘Good!’ Sherlock said ‘I am eating something, you can ask John if you do not believe me’
Sherlock pulled John’s arm toward the sofa and pushed him on it.
‘List’ John said again.
“Ah, l’amore” Angelo took out his lighter and light the candles “Here is the menu, I’ll be right back”
‘Fine, I will act ‘surprised’
‘Right, no you are absolutely right of course’ John nodded ‘but what if they ring you here?’
In his room there was another surprise, his brother Mycroft. Great, he thought as he tried to quietly turn around and leave again without being seen.
‘That’s the bun I ate at breakfast’ Sherlock whispered.
‘What are you talking about?’, Sebastian’s friend yelled angrily.
‘We have a case, Mycroft will come over tomorrow’
‘Well, not sure really. He always disliked them. Ever since he was a child, nothing specific happened I think it’s just well, Sherlock’
For some reason Sebastian was in awe of his deduction skills and every weekend Sherlock had to ‘perform’ in front of Sebastian’s friends. At least, that was how it felt, a performance. But Sebastian was rather stupid and a gambling man, betting every time on the wrong deductions which gave Sherlock some more money for buying more books or other things, he didn’t want to bother Mycroft about. Of course, he could have asked his mother but since she always sent Mycroft to deal with things, this was much easier.
‘Wait a minute, Sebastian’, Sherlock said and pulled a long blonde hair from Sebastian’s shoulder. He sniffed Sebastian’s sweater and Sebastian’s friend.
“Greg… help please, Sherlock, beaten St. James’ Park, ambulance too, please” he hang up, he just couldn’t talk. The pain in his own body was nothing compared to the pain he felt when he saw Sherlock lying there…
‘Of course I did!’
‘Thank you for the party I guess’
Sherlock sighed; he carefully turned his head and pointed to his glass of water.
‘I am too’ Sherlock smiled.
‘I don’t want to get rid of you’ Sherlock softly said ‘I want you to stay. But that is unfair, you need to go and be the best doctor you can be’
‘Ah, yes but not any door’ Sherlock smiled, and he knocked with the door knocker.
‘I’ve only been in this new job for two months but I swear there’s nothing better than the States. I mean even the sidewalks here are uneven, I nearly fell when I had to jump on it. These idiots drive on the wrong side of the road!’
“Sherlock, I really don’t know what to say”
‘Good night John’
John smiled when he thought of his little girl. ‘You’re probably right’ he said ‘Let’s order’
They’d just finished a case and were walking home when John thought to quickly go into the store to buy some groceries. Rosie was with Mrs. H. all evening because they’d not known how long the case would take. She would be asleep by now. Sherlock blew on his frozen gloved fingers. Darn it was so cold today. There was a fierce wind blowing, coming from the north-east.
“That wasn’t fair,” Sherlock answers knowing he lost.
“Sherlock,” I start. He looks up with his dark ocean eyes and at the instant all the words in my mouth disintegrate. Leaving us in some awkward eye contact. Sherlock partly opens his perfect his bow shaped lips to say something and…
“Wow, none,” Sherlock said, referring to the hatters.
“I always hear ‘Let's go outside and get lost’ but it’s usually subtext,” I respond with sarcasm. Sherlock raises an eyebrow, then smiles and says, “Come on! We still got two hours to spear.”
“Because….” He sighs, “I NEED YOU” Sherlock half shouts to the bed. His hand starches to my body, landing on my biceps. He gives my arm a nice squeeze, feeling my biceps.
“John! We must get in that jacuzzi….naked… now!!” Sherlock excitingly says, jumping up and down, with the most delightful smile, dropping his bags in the middle of his excitement. I can’t contain my laugh this time, his ways of expressing his needs are hilarious.
“Ready?” He asks.
“Ready then?” He asked, with one bag on each hand racing to the door. I grab his wrist softly and pull him back.
“I love you too, Sherlock Watson,” I say, looking down at the ring, then at the love of my life in front of me. I notice Sherlock does have a ring on his finger, even though I got him one, “If you let me, Sherlock.” I start, referring to the last time I asked this. I pull the leather box out of my jacket and open it, revealing the golden ring I had for him, “Sherlock Watson, would you marry me?”  Sherlock smiled sweetly and nodded softly.
“HA, HA, Oh John, if the Olympics were you, I have indeed won.” Sherlock says fast and low.
“Love, I really need my wallet.” Sherlock insists.
“Sure.” He responds.
“John, I need you to come with me,” Sherlock says, with his face planted on the bed. I didn’t really understand what he said, but I know what he means.
“Gorgeous.” I let my mouth run free from all the words I've been keeping inside for a long time. Sherlock smiles and chuckles then rub his cheekbones on my cheek. I kind of wished he had kissed me, but if this was just a show… It wouldn’t be allowed. I hope we could forget about that and start from zero.
“Love, I'm not even a foot away from you” I laugh picking up his purple shirt and mine from the floor and go back. “What a nice view I had when you picked up my shirt,” Sherlock smirks and laughs. “Only for you,” I respond kissing his lips fast and soft. It took us a couple of minutes to get dressed and decent to go back outside. We opened the door, ready to fight anyone that starts to discriminate us. Even though we were used to that one or two people to discriminate us, we like to avoid them. I stepped out the door, looked side to side, taking note that the girls were asleep and several other people were too. Sherlock and I came out and tiptoed to our seat.
“It looks perfect,” Sherlock comments with a smile, looking down at it.
“Yes. Except for his age.” He says with a sad end to it.
“Yes, it will,” I respond, with the same answer he gave me before. “Go take a bath,” I say, pointing out the dirt on his curls and jacket. Sherlock gets up without a fuss and walks to the bathroom. The next and only sound bouncing off the walls of our room is the sound of the water dripping from inside the bathroom. I’m clean, so I don’t need to take a bath. I take this opportunity to decide what to wear tonight. Opening my wardrobe, I see a couple of shirts and jackets, then I see the one, and the only, suit I  brought with me. It’s the one I bought, the third year I lived with Sherlock, I was going to ask him out to a real dinner date, but due to the series of events that happened that year, the was no way I could go out with a ghost. I took the hanger out of the closet with the suit and laid it down on the bed. Looking down at it I notice how untouched it is; I made a vow to never put this suit on unless its for a date with Sherlock. This would be the second time I put on. The first time I asked Sherlock out was unforgettable, the courage and the nervousness I was experiencing was unbearable, I could’ve fainted, but the response from Sherlock brought me back to life. The “yes” and his smile and his eyes and his lips and his hands and his… everything. It was simply spectacular. Coming back to the present world, I remember that our reserved seats are currently waiting for us. I start to unbutton my shirt and pulling down my pants, placing them in the bed, next to the suit. I take out the hanger from the jacket and separate the shirt from inside it. It’s white, the original, but I don’t really care, as long as it’s Sherlock is the one seeing it. The pants go next, they still fit perfectly and it’s iron, which makes it look stunning. The shoes were the only thing I hadn’t brought with me. But I thank Sherlock for encouraging me to buy something new the first day we arrived. He got himself the expensive suit and I got some shoes that seemed classy but diligent. I seat on the bed, and the water inside the bathroom stops dripping, then the sound of the bathroom curtains sliding open. I continue to put on my shoes; they are the kind one had to slide their foot inside. Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, just as I finish putting on the last shoe. He walks towards the bed and frizzes the second he looks at me. I stare at his right back, wanting to see the expression he puts.
“I love you, John.” Sherlock turns his face towards me, dropping his phone on his lap.
“Wow this place has the best churros I have ever tried!” Sherlock comments while walking out the store, “It’s always filled with costumers.”
I love kudos and comments
“You know what, I’m just going to take a bath. But when I come back…we’ll talk.” My voice betrays me, making me sound shaky. I entered the bathroom in a heartbeat, I can hear Sherlock laugh outside. The bathroom is amazing, large, clean and fancy. ‘wow,’ I whisper, looking around to every detail. Closing the door behind me, leaving unlock. ‘just in case’ I think. Knowing Sherlock may be timing my shower, I take my clothes off and enter the bath under ten seconds. The warm water relaxes my muscles and lets my brain relax from the nervousness of proposing. I take no longer than seven minutes, getting a white towel from the hanging bar. I step out of the bathroom, wrapping the towel around my waist. Sherlock is in the balcony staring outside, with his hands in his mind palace position staring into the busy street. Walking towards him at a slow pace, wanting to know what is going on inside that brilliant mind of his. I open the glass doors of the balcony, without him noticing I direct my lips to his cheek, landing a soft, sweet kiss. Sherlock’s hand's brakes form his normal position, moving to wrap them around my face, holding my face in place. Small kisses everywhere along with uncontrollable smiles here and there.
“Want something?” Sherlock asks, sensually taking his towel off. But still covering himself.
“I don’t know… something like ‘the two handsome, astonishing, British Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.’ But noooooo We are the British crime solvers.” Sherlock answers with his mocking voice. The one Mycroft and he use to bother one another.
“I don’t know, maybe somewhere near a river or a body of water,” Sherlock said casually.
“What do you think about the lecture. Any comments?” I ask. I know he doesn’t talk a lot, but that is what I want for him to break. He has an amazing brain and he is not using it. Sometimes it bothers me, so because I sort of have the upper hand here, I make him participate. He doesn’t answer for a couple seconds then opens his mouth, as if he was going to say something.
“Yes, quite.” Sherlock confirmed. “A wooden box from Figmaleery’s distillery. Identical, in fact, to the ones delivered to your shop, Mr. Antonelli.”
John nodded encouragingly, and when Sherlock didn’t elaborate he prompted: “And?”
Fuck you, Mycroft. Fuck you and stick your bloody umbrella somewhere really bloody uncomfortable. Fuck you and your smug, patronising little smile. The sheer
This was a game of brothers, then. One could safely conclude that Bruno was Jacob Trenet’s younger sibling. Narek and Schneider were representatives, sent almost certainly by Harman’s brother. Sherlock had been dimly aware of a wider family, but had discarded the information when it became clear that they had no immediate connection to Harman’s arms dealings.
He watched Sherlock walk quickly away across the chequered tiles towards the library. He didn’t look back.
“Sherlock, love- I’m sorry, I know this must have been important but how is all this helping you right now?”
why Katy had had the rabbits.
“Well, strangely enough; Philip did not come back from Dublin. Gráinne waited, and she waited some more. She got another beating after she took a bus to Dublin herself, and desperately tried to find him. They had never heard of the man at the National Library; but he had a complicated surname and she wasn’t sure if she pronounced it properly. She couldn’t write it down either, you see; she couldn’t write more than her own name. It must have been terrifying for her, having to go round a big city like that on her own. She’d never been anywhere larger than a market town.
“Yes, indeed.” Petty confirmed, nodding as Sherlock paced over to the shelves of bottles. He stepped through the gap in the counter, swinging the heavy wooden hatch open as he went. He stared at the gap left between the bottles of ginger wine and rose cordial and hummed to himself thoughtfully.
“Bloody good idea.” Violet agreed, before John could complain about being made wait on Sherlock yet again. “Let’s break out the last of the Frapin, shall we?”
Sherlock shrugged. “It helps.” he said simply, evidently believing that further elaboration was unnecessary. “But anyway, I didn’t actually mean it this time. I only said that I was going to think because I thought it was an efficient way to get you out of this infernal kitchen and into our room. You never like it when I ask you to come to bed in front of other people; it makes your ears go all red and your face all grumpy.”
Mycroft’s voice again.
“Trousers.” Sherlock whispered in his ear, in between gentle bites that were doing nothing to quell the shaking in John’s hands. “Take them off next.”
“Alright. Ready, John?”
would she do it, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock didn’t reply, but his expression clearly communicated his boredom with the subject. Violet contemplated giving the lock she was working on a sharp yank, but managed to resist.
“Er. Well, you remember how you asked me to feed Benjy earlier today?”
John continued to stroke the back of Sherlock’s neck, which was hot and beginning to bead with sweat. The hair at his nape was damp. He could feel Sherlock’s heart, which was beating wildly. He had a horrible feeling that he knew what was coming next, but forced himself to whisper: “Shh. Not possible.”
“Can I do anything to help?” John asked, looking around at the mess of the kitchen.
As if on queue, they heard the distant sound of the doorbell below.
“Menzies took George away with him last night, then?” asked John, after a minute or two.
in his hands [but not in John’s hand].
Sherlock studied her silently, and to John’s astonishment proceeded to start setting the table. He dug noisily around in the dresser drawers, extracting a variety of silverware and placing it around three spaces at the formica kitchen table. John stared at him speechlessly; it just seemed
“She’s a small woman. Around a size four or five at the most, do you think?” John queried, taking out his phone and using it as a torch to get a closer look at the prints on the ground.
“He’s got some very interesting scars on his lower back and-“
“Yes, Miss Argyle. I’m Sherlock, and this is my colleague Dr. Watson.” Sherlock said, clearly deciding to omit his surname in case it was connected with the Hilderbogie Estate.
It took nearly half an hour to reach the base of the slope. Anthea raised an arm to call a halt, and checked the thermal read. They crowded round the camera in the darkness, all torches extinguished. It was too dangerous to risk any more light. The strange reading was still there, perhaps a few shades lighter. John’s heart sank when he realised there were definitely no human shapes around it. Sherlock couldn’t be there.
John remained silent for a moment. Murdy was no fool, and she knew Mrs. Duncan much better than any of the rest of them did. “Her husband seemed to think that she has a bit of a problem with alcohol. Don’t spread it around, though.”
“Atrocious game. Goes on forever. And the rules make no sense at all!” Violet said disapprovingly, coming back to the table with the large steel bowl of ice cream she had extracted from the fridge. “Except for the gin, strawberries and cream, and dashing young chaps in cricket sweaters. I entirely approve of those aspects of cricket matches.”
“I loved Sandra, you know.” Phyllis said, after a moment’s uncomfortable silence. “I really did. And I knew it would never come to anything. I did know that. She didn’t like girls that way. And she wasn’t even nice to me all that often. But there was just something about her that made everyone else.... just fade away. When she came into the room.”
warm, just here.” Sherlock whispered, leaning in to kiss him again and licking slowly into his willing mouth. “You’re hot and a bit damp, beginning to sweat.”
“Sherlock, really. I can make the tea. Or you can bloody well make the tea, I’ve seen you do it at least once.
Greg frowned, nodding his thanks at Violet. “Why Yemen though?”
“But-“ John exclaimed. “But Sherlock told me, it belonged to his grandparents-“
After leaving a gaping and increasingly furious Mr. Antonelli at the shop on the village square, Sherlock and John made their way towards the churchyard where Mr. Mackie worked and lived alongside. Sherlock seemed to have cheered up slightly, and John suspected that it had something to do with the lifting of the mornings’ hangover.
John thought he saw Violet hitting her head slowly and repeatedly against the edge of her easel as they left. He took a quick glance at Hilary as she followed them down the corridor; her beautiful face was carefully blank.
For a minute it almost looked as if Mrs. Duncan was going to make it back to the river bank and the path without mishap. John edged as far out as he felt he could risk, stretching out his arm until it ached horribly; but he was still several feet away from her when a sudden flurry of crows erupted from around the bend, coming to roost in the branches of the oak tree. Their harsh cries startled everyone, and Mrs. Duncan looked around, wide eyed; her fingers scrabbling ineffectually at the bark.
“Hmm?” he said quietly, after their shared gaze stretched on silently for more than a few seconds.
of it. Would you, sweetie?” she looked meaningfully at Sherlock, who seemed to choke slightly at being called ‘sweetie’.
“He does.” John said steadily, leaning forward in his chair. “It doesn’t matter that he’s got me, and Violet and the others. You’re his brother. You’re the only one who can think on his level, and although he’ll never say it, he appreciates that. You’ve got that bond, which no one else can touch. Violet is incredibly clever, but she doesn’t think the same way you two do. She’s not a Holmes. Nobody else
of an overture. Understood?”
occurred.” Sherlock shuddered. “Oh, god. It was shortly after Violet had married Sherry, and I spent as much time up there as I could manage. And of course, Mycroft used to pay his little visits to keep an eye on me. But during this time, he met Mr. Brodie, who worked on the estate. Mr. Brodie, unfortunately, was just Mycroft’s type. And he was from the Borders, so he even had the accent. And even more unfortunately, Mycroft was Mr. Brodie’s type.”
The sound of John’s voice in his head again made Sherlock almost weak with relief, his heart heaving. It helped him enormously as he reached gingerly for the loosely knotted laces on the heavy suede desert boots, tugging them free from the stiff feet.
Inhaling snow was rather difficult, and after a moment he forced himself to turn his face to one side; taking a long shallow breath before opening his eyes. The damn light was still there, blinking through the gently waving branches of a pine thicket.
“Mmm…” Violet pondered for a moment, then shrugged. “Don’t think so. The cupboards are fairly well stocked at the mo, and I can always pop over to Antonelli’s if necessary.”
. The mouthful of warm, smooth cock tasted a little salty. When John sucked harder in an attempt to savour more of it, Sherlock let out a deep rumbling groan that thrilled him, his sharp hips bucking helplessly.
“Oh?” Violet asked vaguely, watching the coils of damp hair slip through her fingers. Sherlock’s posture was strange, shifting minutely as she touched his scalp and smoothed the strands. On one level he seemed defensive and shut off, in the characteristic way when he felt out of his depth or wanted to avoid a tricky subject. “So… say if I got some scissors and took a few inches off, nothing too drastic… that would be alright with you?”
“Patrick. Calm down. I promise I’m going to take care of you.”
“Oh, I doubt she’d mind.” John said distractedly, shifting his heavy basket to his other hand before inwardly wincing.
He became aware of Sherlock, who had turned to look at him intently. Violet was fiddling with a heavy gold lighter, and John realised that he had been staring at her without taking in much of what she had been saying. “...a bit of a git towards Mr. McCreedy, I suspect. They would have run in to each other in the garden quite a lot, what with Garcia sleeping in the annexe. As for Margaret, I don’t really know why she would have a particular reason to suggest him. He really did seem to leave long before the trap was set, and nothing to suggest that he returned. The police are no doubt tracking him down if they haven’t done so already.”
She nodded her thanks at the minister. “I’ll bring the Tzu back tomorrow, Reverend. I think Rab is still taking a few notes from it.”
“What do you think happened, then?” John asked, a little taken aback at her vehemence.
It grew darker still as John scrunched through the fresh snowfall that was coating the ground, and he weaved between ancient gravestones that listed tiredly in the drifts. Scanning the expanse of snow with little success, he was about to retrace his path when he heard a low voice call his name.
“I always knew she was a bit of a battlexe, but I always thought wee Linda was exaggerating!” John heard one woman say to another. “Do you think it’s true?”
Sherlock frowned at him. “Why would you think that?”
“Why?” John asked absently, staring at the photo of a teenage Sherlock sitting under a tree. He was wearing scruffy jeans and a frayed sweater, his face set in concentration as he read a large volume. He was surrounded by sheets of paper and writing implements, obviously deep in thought as he worried one of his ragged cuffs between his teeth. John couldn't help staring at the boy that Sherlock had once been.
“Good, then there’s less chance that I’ll bump into him and flay him alive.” Katy said crisply, looking around for a clean apron and pushing her round glasses up the bridge of her nose. “Violet said she would entrust me with finishing dinner preparations. She also told me to ask you to give her an hour to herself, and then to bring her an enormous drink before dinner.”
“Goodbye, Violet.” Sherlock had said, and with a small smile added: “Ghastly wench.”
“North.” Mary whispered, her words faint. “There’s a plane waiting for them at Invergordon.”
long time to have house guests, even if they do have their own wing. I’d have given them the push ages ago, if it wasn’t for the extortionate fees I’ve managed to extract from them. Look, it’s probably best if you just meet them and draw your own conclusions; I’m personally sick of the sight of them and I’m unlikely to give you a fair idea of their characters. Besides, we’re nearly there now.”
Oh god. He had watched the man making his way towards the back of the house, towards the French doors that led to the kitchen. He had thought nothing of it. What the hell was the man doing? He ran after Sherlock as fast as he could, Phyllis panting after him.
“With great pleasure, Miss Argyle.” Sherlock bowed slightly and swept from the room with his arm around John’s shoulders. They made it several feet down the gloomy corridor before John sagged against a nearby wall. Helplessly, he gave in to the faintly hysterical laughter that had been threatening to overwhelm him since Sherlock had cast off his sympathetic mask. Sherlock stared at him for a moment or two, looking amused and a little curious. He leant against the wall next to John and looked down at him with a fond grin.
“Look, I know that they weren’t mine to give away, Mycroft. But I did it with the full approval of your grandfather. I promised him I’d do it, and I like to think that he left this world a bit happier because he knew they’d be going back to where they belonged. And, I suppose, in a way I felt like it was some kind of… oh, I suppose you’d call it atonement, of sorts.” She swallowed hard. “I’m not
Sherlock didn’t reply for several seconds, blinking and staring at the ceiling as he seemed to be searching for words. “Not just that.” he said, eventually. “Part of that, I suppose.”
“Sherlock, it’s me. John. I’ve, um… I’ve come to rescue you, I suppose.” The words were so ridiculous when he heard himself say them he half laughed, terror and relief bubbling out of him. He half collapsed, pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s. “Oh god, Sherlock. Please. Just tell me you’re alright?”
“I don’t. But I could find out easily enough, I’m quite sure. If you want me to.”
[It’s possible that I am slightly… preoccupied at the moment.] Mycroft’s tone was flat. Carefully calm.
“You could promise to take your mum and dad to see
“Well she was a lot younger than him and it seemed a bit silly to refer to her as Aunt Violet. She’s only two years older than I am. And after Uncle Sherrinford died, it seemed even more nonsensical.”
Miss Argyle looked triumphant. “It’s obvious, isn’t it? Deadly Nightshade. It’s also known as
“You have the other one.” Griz instructed him. “It’ll help.”
“No, the child must be here somewhere! The message was so clear…” Mrs. Duncan said shakily. “I just haven’t found them yet. Oh, if only I’m in time…”
John tried not to look abashed.
to the victims. They would have called in lawyers immediately and would never have sent anything that would suggest any kind of apology or culpability. The flowers were a PR exercise, not an apology. I’ve looked them up; they’re a tiny family company outside Lerwick, only five staff and all of them hold shares in the company. Although it’s not impossible, it’s unlikely that a suspicious member of staff would go unnoticed.
“And you know that no matter how charming Violet is, I would
“A little eager, are we?” John grinned, pulling back and opening the bottle with a snap. Sherlock stared at him from beneath the tangle of his dark hair, his pupils visibly dilating.
John widened his eyes and looked at Sherlock questioningly, attempting to look honestly and innocently curious. His pulse quickened considerably, and he felt his palms begin to sweat slightly.
Afterwards, he could never quite remember how this had come about.
“Sherlock! That rotten twerp! How
“What are you two doing here?” John asked, surprised.
“We hadn’t heard of you before we met you.” Pruny interjected, pushing her way through the curtain and into the shop. “But that bigjob-“
Luckily, Sherlock only seemed to need a few more minutes examining the caravan. John waited outside, sitting on the steps of the next caravan along. The adrenaline and hilarity of their earlier chase had disappeared entirely, and he felt vaguely sick and empty. Garcia’s corpse was certainly ghastly, and the smell still seemed to linger in John’s lungs; but it was the attitude of the body that disturbed him the most. He couldn’t stop imagining it, the man forcibly wrenched back and acid poured over his face and down his throat. It couldn’t have taken him long to die, but it must have been an agonising way to go. He had obviously scrabbled at his mouth and torn it, an instinctive reaction to the burning.
“Miss Boorman!” Sherlock cried, turning to Katy. She looked affronted and stared up at him.
Mary.”
(I’ll bet you do…)
“Alright, much better. Keep it up.” Sherlock continued to breathe in an exaggerated fashion. “Your pulse is getting steadier now, splendid.”
“Go, John….” he swallowed hard, the agony making him gasp several times. “You can’t… don’t waste time here.”
John wasn’t used to his hands shaking. Not any more. And certainly not in situations like this. As he raised them to the top button of Sherlock’s tightly fitted white shirt, slipping the tips of his middle and index fingers behind the small pearlescent disc he took a deep breath.
“I think he’s having a pretty good holiday for himself at the moment,” John laughed. “Violet practically pushed us out of the door!”
“And you know that you’re safe. There’s no reason for your lungs not to work properly. I will not let anything happen to you, you know that.”
“What a ghastly prospect.” Sherlock muttered into the depths of a cup of black coffee.
“Entirely likely.” Violet said darkly. “They couldn’t stand each other. I think Sandra didn’t like me painting Hilary;
There was a long, uncomfortable silence. Murdy glared at the ground, before abruptly kicking the upturned wheelbarrow. It clanged loudly, making John jump. He glanced nervously at the dimly lit house for signs of life, but there were none.
“Ah, I see. Another lecture on exercise, diet and sleep is on the cards; is it? Taking up
PC MacAllan pursed his lips fretfully. “We’re hoping that you’re going to be helpful. And who are you anyway, Miss? I thought it was only Miss Vernet who lived here.”
For now, George seemed unwilling to move from where he was slumped against the Aga, and he stared at Violet with wild eyes.
“Alright, alright-“
“We can determine the timeframe in which the box was sitting in this alley, Miss Antonelli,” he explained. “We can do that by comparing the number of times it has snowed against the number of layers of brick dust.”
(He’s
His knees felt oddly watery, and he clutched at the sharp, burnt wheel arch as he sagged.
“How… how long?” Patrick murmured, the hoarse whisper startling John out of his horrified stupor. His chest was hitching shallowly, sweat beading his creased forehead.
“It wasn’t that bad when we left.” John said slowly, turning and meeting Sherlock’s gaze. Sherlock frowned at him curiously and he mouthed
that the doctors are doing their best. Deadly Nightshade, if you can credit it.”
[Could you just hurry up and find me, please?]
Sherlock nodded. “Quite, John. There were no signs of forced entry anywhere in the studio.”
“Perhaps once we are both back in London, you might care to find out.” Patrick murmured, raising his eyes to meet Mycrofts. He bit his lower lip gently as they exchanged a long look.
snorklepie.tumblr.com
Thankfully, neither Anthea or Mycroft wasted time questioning whether Murdy was the best source of information on the local area. The steely glint in her eye and her quiet insistence as she pulled out the maps on the kitchen table spoke volumes. After the briefest of pauses and a glance at Violet, Mycroft bent over the topographical surveys across the table from Murdy, giving the girl his full attention.
“Funny, isn’t it? Pulling hair seems like such a stupid, petty way to hurt someone. And it is. It’s usually not that painful. But when you maintain the grip for any length of time, it begins to ache, doesn’t it? The human scalp is such a tender thing. So many points of pressure, so many nerve endings. This spot right
Marmaduke did not remove his hand, and looked expectantly at John.
And as the music started, John suddenly thought of that awkward afternoon behind closed curtains, years before. Sherlock leading him through the steps of the waltz in a distant, nonchalant fashion. Pretending that it was just another task he had taken on for planning the wedding. John had been grumpy and embarrassed about the whole thing, and had even snapped at Sherlock once or twice when he repeatedly got the steps wrong. He suddenly wondered what had really been going through the mans mind at the time. They were still aching a little from Sherlock’s sudden return; even before John had consciously started
Violet seemed to relax slightly, and leapt from the cab with a theatrical swirl of her beautiful blue coat. After paying the cabbie and tipping him outrageously, she pushed the unlocked door open and led them inside.
“I suppose you’re wondering why I’m here.”
Hector sighed heavily. “I still do. She’s never lived in a big city, never mind without her family nearby. I know you wanted to go, pet. But there’ll be plenty of time for that when you go to university.”
“Let’s not call it tuition, old thing.” Violet said grimly, without turning around. “I’ve had enough of teaching painting for a good while, after all that business in Edinburgh. Let’s just call it a couple of friends doing a spot of aimless daubing over the holidays.” She threw a brief, kind smile over her shoulder at Patrick.
John kicked him under the table. “Thanks for coming, mate. I mean it.”
“Well done, John. You got there in the end.” Sherlock sighed extravagantly. “Now take a look at the angle. What could he possibly be looking at, from that corner of the square?”
“Me?” John frowned. “I mean, I may not get him to eat his vegetables but I hardly think-“
And for a brief moment, Sherlock had wondered whether to just… let things go another way. He could stop looking for a way out. He could just… stop. He was just so
“What motive is that?” asked Violet sternly.
John only realised that he had stopped moving altogether and was simply just
‘Oh, if you’re going to be like that’ John grumbled
John sat there on the sofa looking at Sherlock ‘Oh my’ he exclaimed suddenly.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s. ‘It’s alright, I know how you must feel’
‘I love everything you said’ John whispered ‘I understand everything you said, about being careful and such. We will take it easy, alright?’
‘Yes, I live over there, or rather, my parents do’, Sherlock said pointing towards the cottage where the lights were lit in the distance.
‘You need a place to stay, John’
“Have you been arguing with Dr Watson?”
“Oh nothing much just something I need you with” SH
“She always wants you”, John smiled with no sign of jealousy whatsoever.
He knocked and walked in to find his brother sitting in his chair in his thinking pose.
“The elephant in the room” John whispered and smiled.
‘Okay’ John felt a bit uncomfortable. Ever since Sherlock went away only to come back after 10 minutes they had hardly spoken about any of it. John felt it was his fault a bit. He was very busy with making sure the nursery was ready for when the baby would arrive.
After dinner he asked his mother if she needed help cleaning up, but she told him to show John the guestroom and to take him there. ‘The poor boy is shivering all over, I really hope he isn’t getting a cold’
‘Yes, you do but you are afraid to say it’ John said disappointed.
He didn’t know to be honest; he sat upright in his bed and rubbed his face which was wet? He looked at his hands and back to John.
“Not a chance, big brother”
‘We are going for a long walk today’ Sherlock said to his mother.
John was sitting on the sofa with a book and a cup of tea when Sherlock walked into the room smiling. John looked up from his book and asked; ‘What are you smiling about?’
‘That’s fine dear, just be home in time for tea’ his mother said.
“You haven’t seen Sherlock yet have you?” John looked up his eyes filled with tears “I’m so sorry Mycroft”
‘Cologne’ Mrs Hudson smiled ‘isn’t it romantic?’
“And you haven’t even seen what I’ve planned for desert yet” Sherlock grinned with a naughty look on his face.
‘Mycroft will most likely have eaten all the cake anyway’
‘Sherlock?’ he started but got interrupted by a knock on the door followed by the head of Greg Lestrade peeping around the door.
John looked up; ‘Oh but I do’ he said ‘It’s just, it’s Sherlock and kids in general’
‘I understand’ Sherlock softly said and put his hand on John’s arm for a moment ‘If I can help… ‘
“Oh god no John!”
‘Of course, I still need someone to share it with, I got her to drop some of the price and between the two of us we can afford it’
Sherlock glanced over at his older brother, sometimes he really didn’t get him.
‘Sherlock I think I’m going to enjoy this very much’ John said with a grin.
Sherlock flung his long legs of the sofa, adjusted his robe and said; ‘You heard me the first time, John’
‘You really are that stupid?’
They walked in silence next to each other for a while in the snow. Some spots were slippery indeed and they had to be careful where to put their feet.
‘John, you were ill’ Sherlock calmly said.
John brought him some tea. “So much for getting you to go out” John said grim.
‘Ah I see what you mean but I hardly think that is the way your dad looks at you’
‘Yes, I make it a habit to check up on him at least once a month to make sure he is alright. You know how he can be’
‘Why do you think he was using this time?’
‘Right. I saw it then. I should have stopped our wedding plans. But I just couldn’t John, not then. But I can now, we don’t belong together! We never did! You and Sherlock do!’ Mary smiled a wry smile before she put her hand on his and said ‘It’s the best thing for all of us and Amelia won’t notice a thing of it let alone remember it when she’s older. It’s just the way it’s supposed to be’
John pulled Sherlock’s head a bit lower so that he could kiss him. It was a little kiss, soft and tender.
“If you feel up to it, I need a statement from you too” Greg said.
‘Oh thank you Sherlock’
Sherlock was still on the couch, his head under the pillow.
‘Neither have I’ Mycroft looked at John ‘I thought maybe you would have seen him, worked on a case with him’
“What?” Sherlock asked.
‘List’ John said.
‘Why don’t you move back in here then, into your old room?’
‘How is he doing?’ I asked Mycroft when we both arrived at the nursing home together.
When Sherlock’s plane landed he was completely wasted, all drugged up. It had been a shock to see him like that. Even more so to learn that he had such a history of it without him knowing about it, he had lived in the same apartment for years! Or that Mycroft had been through it before with Sherlock. Why hadn’t anyone told him about it? To be perfectly honest, he had felt left out. It was one of the reasons he hadn’t contacted anyone, either Sherlock or Mycroft after Sherlock got back. His pride was affected so to speak. He was sure Mycroft would keep an eye on his younger brother but if Mycroft even didn’t know about the whereabouts of Sherlock?
I know you love me, brother, but the one person who truly matters… well…
‘Sure, dear, it’s up the stairs. Go have a look for yourself, I’ll bring the tea up in a minute, just this once, you know I’m not your housekeeper!’
‘Oh Mike, that would be wonderful!’
“Don’t you start”, Sherlock looked up, his eyes darkened. “I have always given into you, couldn’t resist those eyes, his eyes. But I can see now that I perhaps have given in too many times. Don’t whine with me young lady! Not now, not ever! They all can call you ‘Dr Watson’ but you have to prove to be worth the title!”
He walked around the room bewildered ‘It can’t be John it’s all lies. Moriarty is doing this right? I’m sure of it. He has plotted against me before. We must call Lestrade immediately’ he turned around and looked at me ‘Why aren’t you doing something about it? I’m going to change and we’re off’ and before I could do anything he stormed off to the bedroom.
“I really need you Sherlock”
“Anyway, I need you Sherlock. The guys at the station can’t figure it out. You know the murder on Paddington station which I told you about”
‘Come on or we’re losing our table’ Mary said yanking his arm.
‘No Sherlock, I’m married remember? I don’t live here anymore’
‘I don’t have to tell you what phones are for other than for calling someone do I?’
‘No, you are not dreaming, why? Have you dreamt of me? Oh, come on, tell me!’
It's Christmas day and the house is filling up with guests. When John arrives he and Sherlock slip out to take a walk.
‘That is strange’ he mumbled. He sniffed at the envelope.
‘Yeah well, aren’t we all?’
John was sitting in his bed shaking his head ‘Unbelievable’
Sherlock grinned ‘You know, when we’re back, I will ring Mrs Hudson, so we can meet her in London soon’
“She has?” John asked.
Sherlock who was reading the morning paper at the kitchen table while Rosie was eating her breakfast lowered his paper to look at her.
‘Monthly appointment’ John couldn’t help himself saying.
‘I said leave me alone!’ he shouted.
But around his lunch break he got a text.
“Of course.”, Mycroft nodded and looked as Dr Watson walked away and hailed a taxi. He shook his head to chase the circle of thoughts of old away that made cobwebs inside his head again and made his way inside and up the stairs to Sherlock.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile.
‘We know soon enough’ Sherlock said ‘There’s an old VCR in the bedroom’
‘Come on boys, cough up your money’, Sebastian grinned, and the table was covered with pounds in no time.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but smiled. They went to the bedroom and when Sherlock closed the door John said ‘Not before you call me a handsome devil again’ and giggled.
‘You know what, I’ll fill the tub for you with nice cool water and then I’ll join you’
‘Two?’ John was shocked to hear that really.
‘Come here you fool don’t you dare walk away from me now!’
‘Sherlock? Now you mention it, I have seen him look at two people like that’
‘It is the American ambassador…’ Mycroft paused for effect.
Angelo’s smile was from ear to ear when they walked in “Sherlock! How wonderful to see you and your date! It’s been too long my friend, sit down, it’s all on me”
John looked confused still but started to feel his neck and cheeks ‘I think I’m okay’ he smiled. ‘How was the rest of the Christmas party? Anything happen?’
‘Even when you have a baby to take care of once in a while?’
John looked at Sherlock and started to grin ‘That sounds like a plan’
‘Good morning, little brother’, Mycroft said putting away the morning paper. ‘I’m glad you decided to come’.
‘Can I ask you something?’ John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s.
‘Tea?’ Sherlock grinned.
“It’s our anniversary, Mrs. H” Sherlock grinned.
John was shivering and could hardly speak from the cold, but he managed to say; ‘We’ve only mm met yesterday and you already ww want to take my clothes off?’
He looked up when he heard the front door slam.
‘No idea’ John said turning over the brown paper bag ‘it has no return address and it’s addressed to the both of us’
‘Kitchen’ was all he heard.
John smiled ‘I’m here for you Sherlock, I won’t let go, I promise’
‘But I am difficult and…’ Sherlock hesitated
‘Sherlock, come with me for a minute’
“They even put a knife to your throat, so there was nothing you could have done”
Sherlock stopped and looked around “it’s so pretty here don’t you think so John?”
Sherlock woke up completely disoriented. He opened his eyes and looked at John with surprise “John?”
‘I’m so very sorry for my daughter’s behaviour’ she said to Mrs Holmes.
The swelling in Sherlock’s eye was gone and it left no permanent damage thankfully. He only had some minor bruises left and had to do exercises for his knee which was banged up pretty hard. He walked out with a cane.
‘Good, you’d better get to sleep again John, I’m so sorry for waking you’
‘Sherlock, she died years ago, come sit down’
‘As a matter of fact, I am looking for a flatmate’, Sherlock said ‘You know to split the rent and all. But since you’re off to god knows where…’
“John Watson I think I should stop now, you’re purposely getting me drunk” Sherlock started to talk funny.
‘Hello, am I in time for the fun?’
‘Sherlock, you always have one’
John put Sherlock’s head against his chest to rest. He knew it would take some time for Sherlock to let it all go, the cases, the parenting, well he would never let that go of course but Sherlock would need time to get relaxed. They never took time for just the two of them and they really should do that more often.
The man helped him up and Sherlock brushed the snow off his coat.
He took a shower and changed his suit. He took out his purple shirt and put it on.
‘Yes, yes, see you tomorrow, Mr Holmes’
‘Don’t tell me I didn’t warn you’
“Oh bloody hell Sherlock” John said as he opened the package and saw a watch inside. “That’s just… I mean I can’t even… You’ve got to…”
‘What?’ Sherlock and John said at the same time.
All giggly they walked home.
When John was gone Mycroft opened the list and read;
‘We take it Mrs H, but we both have six more months of college to complete as you know’
‘What do you mean you don’t see the point? It’s a surprise party of course’
‘Sorry, good night Sherlock’
I had neither the time nor the patience to deal with her today. I walked into the kitchen and there he was sitting at his side of the table which was weird of me to think of it like that still as I didn’t live here anymore and hadn’t for a long time. I sat across the table from him and looked at what he was doing. He was fiddling with some microscope glasses and had broken one. It had cut his finger and he was bleeding. He didn’t seem to notice it.
“John, hurry up will you?” Sherlock was shivering in his coat. It was freezing outside and even though Sherlock’s coat was quite thick he could still feel the cold creeping up.
John paused and carefully observed Sherlock’s face.
Yes, go on’
‘What? Whatever for?’
‘Mycroft, what can I do for you?’ John answered.
“Okay…” John followed Sherlock. “This is going to be a delightful evening”
He didn’t hear an answer, but he softly opened the door.
‘Mrs Hudson but no more I think’
Sherlock drew the curtains and John slid into bed. He felt very warm and cold at the same time. He knew it must have been from falling into the frozen ditch but still, he hoped it wasn’t a fever or something.
“I should have fought harder” John explained “I should have defended you”
“Morning gorgeous” John smiled.
‘So, what is it to you?’
“Right” John grinned. He picked Rosie up and took her to the kitchen to make breakfast.
“No we have just finished playing”
John blushed; ‘I won’t Mrs Holmes’
‘You really love him don’t you?’ she simply said.
Dear brother,
Sherlock stood outside John’s room not knowing if he should go back down to the Christmas party or to his own room. He looked at the time; it was just nine and the guests were having coffee. He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep for a while and went back down.
‘I’m very pleased you will move back into 221B again’
“She always does”, Sherlock smiled while Rosie hugged him. “John… I know I don’t say it as much as I probably should, but I hope you know anyway. I mean, I love you”
‘Oh gosh, I’m so sorry’, the runner stammered ‘I really didn’t see you walking there. You’re all dressed in black so I really didn’t notice you’.
“Of course dear, have you got big plans for tonight?”
‘I do actually. The fever is gone, and I feel like my old self again’ John grinned ‘So, that means that we can go for that long walk today if you are up for it’
‘I love you John Watson’
‘How are you feeling?’
John could see how difficult it must have been for him to come forward like this. Mrs Hudson must have been in on it, he thought.
‘Kids, eh?’ Mr Watson said, and the Watsons walked in the room to greet the rest of the guests.
Sherlock started to giggle ‘You’re tickling me’
‘Ah, well I think we have a problem then’ Mycroft’s face had turned to a slight shade of grey.
‘Sherlock’, Mr Holmes said ‘These are the Watsons and their daughter Harriet and son John. Isn’t John graduating next year either?’ he asked turning to Mr Watson.
“Yes I know Greg, I will”
‘Oh come on, of course you are. This is all you’ve ever wanted’ John said while squeezing him.
“You can do it here if you want” Greg said “No need to come all the way to the police station”
the voice of Mary came.
‘I’m sure of it’ John said hesitatingly. He had seen with his own eyes how Sherlock reacted when Amelia was around. He didn’t like children much but somehow he didn’t mind her pulling his curly hair when she was on his lap or getting spit all over his favourite dressing gown. He could see him sitting at the kitchen table now, reading his newspaper while Amelia was playing with her food again and spat on the paper. He would look up, smile at her, wipe the paper clean and read on. He didn’t know why he had been so worried earlier. Sherlock was so patient with her, he would calm her down every time she got upset just by being there. In return she seemed to calm him down. He wondered why he’d never seen that before until now.
‘I need the rent’ Sherlock said ‘who can afford anything these days in London of all places and we are just starting out. Come on John, I really do not know what you mean’
‘For what?’
Sherlock was lying on the sofa with his hands folded under his chin when John walked in from putting Rosie to bed. John had worked all day in the doctor’s office and was feeling tired. Seeing Sherlock in his thinking pose he knew there was something bothering Sherlock and he was really not in the mood today. He went to his chair to read the paper. Sherlock sighed. John looked up but tried to ignore it. He had a busy day with lots of patients behind him and just wanted a quiet evening. Sherlock sighed again, longer this time.
Then they left as suddenly as they had come.
John looked at Sherlock ‘Puppy eye look?’
‘Thank you John, I love you too’
“Busy?” SH
“Sherlock come on, I’m bored out of my skull. Rosie is asleep, Mrs Hudson can watch her and we can grab a pint or two”
‘Yes she is. Talking ‘shop’ won’t make him suspicious we hope’
‘Mycroft’, his mother said hugging her oldest son ‘I’m so happy you convinced him to come, thank you’
‘Good!’ John smiled ‘as long as it is not in a frozen ditch’
Sherlock walked to the kitchen where he put the kettle on. It really was getting out of hand. Mary was gone for over 6 months now and he was still having that dream. He must have screamed really hard for John to hear him in his room. John’s room was right above his but still. He poured the tea in the cups and walked back to his bedroom where he found John stretched out on the other side of his bed fast asleep. Sherlock smiled. He put the teacups on the nightstand and put the covers over John careful not to wake him then switched the baby monitor on so he could hear Rosie.
‘I… I don’t know what to say’ John stammered.
‘Not being dead’ John whispered.
‘Ah that’ John was blushing, Sherlock had heard them talking after all. ‘Sherlock…’
John stopped and looked at Sherlock ‘Are you asking me to move in with you after college?’
‘Tea?’ John asked.
‘Sherlock Holmes, nice to meet you’
‘Bah, humbug’, Sherlock sighed and plumped down on his bed.
Bright, the light was too bright. Sherlock tried to blink and open his eyes but could only open one eye. Pain, panic, John. He started to breathe heavily and all kinds of machines started beeping. A nurse came in and saw he was awake.
“I understand, but the sooner we get them, the better”
“Yes we can go, but may I remind you that you wanted to walk home?” John smiled at Sherlock.
‘So now they want me to stay here for the rest of the holiday? I bet they do, they are sending Harry away and they are going their separate ways again. So, my mother is bringing my things today?’
“Oh god” John said.
‘At least I have friends, Holmes’, Sebastian snarled ‘happy holidays and many deductions to you’ Sebastian walked off and his laugh was heard throughout the corridor.
Sherlock looked at her, at her blonde curly hair, like her mum’s, at her blue/greyish eyes, like her dad’s. She was grown up now and a real doctor herself for some time now. She had gone with them on cases early on from when she was in her teens already; she knew the tricks of the trade. She was good at it too. Sherlock felt proud even now looking at her but also sad because he missed John. It was the second year of his passing, when on one of their cases some thug had suddenly shot John. At first it didn’t seem too bad, but then there were complications and he died. He just died! He hadn’t been coping very well, but there was Rosie who never left him, who helped him through the difficult times, who comforted him and he her. They had each other.
‘And you thought we were a troubled family’ Mycroft said while standing behind Sherlock watching.
“I don’t care one way or the other”, Sherlock said and when he saw John’s face “Oh all right, fine, Chinese”
Mycroft walked to the door; ‘Behave’ he said before he left.
‘Poor John’ Mrs Holmes said ‘perhaps it’s best if you stay here tonight and go right to bed after dinner’ When she saw John wanting to protest she added; ‘I thought you were a doctor? Don’t you think you should take every precaution not to get ill? Your own clothes are still being washed and need to dry so I don’t want to hear no for an answer’
I looked at her, Molly who always had a huge crush on Sherlock but Sherlock never saw her in that way. After Mrs Hudson died she moved into her apartment and took over the care of Sherlock. We all did really because even though he always said he could take care of himself we all knew he really couldn’t. Mycroft, Molly, Lestrade and Mary and I took on the role of taking care of the great Sherlock Holmes. It was not long after Molly moved in that we all noticed the first signs of Sherlock’s forgetfulness. Because I’m a doctor I noticed the early signs of dementia but it took a while before we all wanted to admit it; Sherlock is having Alzheimer’s. Before now with a lot of care from all of us he could still live on his own but it looks like that time had passed. We needed to look for a good home where he got the best care. We couldn’t do it on our own anymore.
“And I give you a present?”
‘Oh no, it is good! Really good!’ John stood up and walked over to Sherlock.
“You’ll see. Sorry I missed you and Rosie this morning” SH
‘Sherlock’ he called out when he got in.
‘Yes, yes I told you’.
Sherlock stirred and opened one eye.
‘Mrs H?’
John’s mouth opened and closed a few times and Sherlock could see his blue eyes getting darker.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he only looked disgruntled; his first reaction was to walk away, go as far away from here as he could.
‘What?’ Greg turned.
Sherlock walked back into the room and looked at John.
“I am not going to tell you anything that you can’t see for yourself. You’re his brother after all. Perhaps he needs you now more than he needs me.”
The next morning John woke up and looked next to him where Sherlock was still sleeping. He smiled, he knew last night had a rough start but how it ended was fantastic. He couldn’t resist putting a kiss on Sherlock’s curls.
‘Of course Mary knew’ John couldn’t help but smile a little.
“Do you need one?” Mycroft sounded worried.
‘Congratulations son’
He felt the tension in Sherlock’s body slip away the longer he held him close to his own body; his right hand circling over Sherlock’s back and his other hand behind his head in the beautiful bundle of curls.
‘I think you both are really stupid’ Rosie stood up.
‘Ah, he doesn’t, well dear boy, you do know he doesn’t like birthdays do you?’
Sherlock stood there baffled and suddenly burst out into laughter. His baritone voice was filling the cold air and John almost felt like that voice alone could melt his ice-cold body.
Sherlock was standing by the open window looking down onto the street. He saw few passers-by on foot battling the scorching heat that rose up from the asphalt. He really should close the window but a tiny breeze came through the flat right after he had opened the kitchen window as well. He rolled up his sleeves and unbuttoned the first two buttons of his shirt. It was the summer of hell, he thought. The stifling heat today was unbearable. 37°C was not his idea of an ideal temperature. He walked to the kitchen to put the kettle on, yes tea was a hot beverage but one could always drink tea, in hot or cold weather.
‘Sorry we’re a bit late, old chap’, Mr Watson laughed shaking his father’s hand, ‘the roads are terribly slippery’
‘Poor little brother’ he mouthed. ‘I will take care of you, I promise’
‘Never mind, it is not your fault’, Sherlock answered.
‘He had to go back to London. He will send the car for you when you are going back to college’
‘Then you’ she pointed at her dad ‘blamed Sherlock and beat him up’
‘I know’ John quietly said.
“Not necessarily suspicious, though, is it? He might be gambling, or visiting dodgy saunas or have a married lover or something potentially embarrassing like that.”
“But what are you going to do?” John asked, as he was bodily pushed out of the door of the library.
John swallowed several times, finding his mouth unaccountably dry. Finally, he managed to say: “Alright. Tell me.”
Sherlock gritted his teeth and hauled himself into a half-sitting position on the edge of the car window frame, and grabbed hold of Trenet’s shoulders. He heaved, panting, the strain in his back and shoulders forcing a pained gasp from between his teeth. Trenet’s body collapsed like a macabre puppet on top of him, his bloody face pressed messily against Sherlock’s heaving stomach. He gave himself two seconds to brace himself, then roughly heaved the man to his left and side. Trenet rolled into the snow, staining the deep whiteness instantly with the slow persistent trickle of his blood. Sherlock ignored this and returned his attention to the back of the land rover, which was a confusion of destroyed upholstery, broken glass and tortured metal. Three more crows squawked loudly, taking off from the twisted undercarriage that now faced the sky.
, John.” Sherlock said reprovingly, wiping the remains of the sauce from John’s plate using the last of the bread rolls before licking his fingers with relish.
“Oh me, of course. I’d had a lot more practice than him.” Violet said cheerfully. “Although I helped Sherlock refine his technique considerably. I got eleven purses and wallets before midnight; and he only got seven. We didn’t
“Sherlock, I’m sorry you even told
John nudged Patrick, who wore a small but genuine smile at the way Violet was elbowing him into a more comfortable position. “I’ve had enough of dancing for one evening.” he lied, ignoring the small soppy part of him that that had vaguely hoped for a kiss from Sherlock at midnight.
Sherlock leaned forward in his chair and touched John’s knee gingerly, as if slightly worried that he would be shaken off. “John. You do know that I would never want you to be... anything other than you are. Don’t you?”
“Oh, please. The naked hurt in her eyes when she described the encounter in the garden. Her utterly transparent pleasure at the fact that she got to go to the cinema with Sandra, just the two of them. Also, the way she unconsciously rubbed her thumb and forefinger together when she spoke of her. Classic tell. Speaks of unfulfilled sexual desire.”
Mycroft was shaking his head when John was close enough to see him clearly. “No, he’s not here. Look, John-“
It was significantly later than the time he had risen the previous mornings, and when John found Violet in the kitchen she was fully dressed and industriously sketching on a large pad of cartridge paper on the sofa. She waved idly at him without looking up, and he decided that it was probably best to leave her in peace as he made coffee. The red enamel pot on the table was lukewarm, and he poured the cold dregs down the sink as quietly as possible before starting to make a new batch.
He hadn’t even managed to buy him a Christmas present in the end. They’d gotten caught up with the Brighton kidnapping case and it had all gone out the window. Sherlock had given him the Walther, which was now weighing down his pocket. Sherlock’s carefully indifferent expression when he’d handed over the box. His transparent pleasure when he was sure John liked it. Sherlock warm and tousled, laughing in his arms and telling him it was loaded.
Unfortunately, it didn’t look like there was going to be a second time.
“Oh! Goodness, Doctor Watson. Hello!” she made a brave attempt at a smile, although it was obvious that she had been recently crying. She was bundled in an unflattering mauve coat and a thick black scarf and she was fiddling in a faintly agitated way with a mobile phone.
He could tell that Violet was doing her best to put Patrick at his ease, no doubt wanting to make him feel at home. But there was just something a little off about Singh, the same way it had struck him when they met at Fortnum and Mason. When they had first met him, back in Edinburgh, the rather beautiful young man seemed confident to the point of arrogance. He had never, not even once to John’s recollection, seemed awkward or at a loss. It was one of the things that had annoyed him the most about Patrick; the fact that he was so bloody
“Oh, it’s Vernet, but sod that,” she said cheerfully. “Violet is fine. I'm planning on calling you John. And thank you for picking up my bag, I was a bit overexcited to see this foul blot after so long.” She elbowed Sherlock in a friendly manner. Sherlock nudged her back in a fond sort of way. He was still smiling down at her. John tried his best not to stare. “Let’s go, we can get a cab over here. My house isn’t too far.”
That every frenzied or slow or clumsy or playful or ecstatic session they spent on Sherlock’s wide low bed was infused with the kind of love that he had never known before. He hadn’t really known that it existed.
Murdy. She wore a knee-length coffee coloured lace dress that couldn’t possibly have belonged to Violet, but the biggest difference by far was her shaggy dark hair, most of which had vanished. He frowned as she made her way across the hall towards the fire, shrugging on her old green coat. The long dark locks had been shorn, and now lay in shining, elegantly arranged flicks that barely reached her ears. Her eyes suddenly seemed huge, no longer hidden by a heavy fringe. Murdy was blushing furiously as she buttoned up her coat.
“C2, as well… I’m really quite attached to it too…”
“You always forget gloves.” Sherlock said disapprovingly, pulling down the window of the door and turning the outside handle beneath. “Although, frostbite is a fascinating injury. I’ve always wanted to study it on a living specimen.”
He and Greg had always enjoyed each others company; had fairly regularly met up for drinks and a good moan about the latest nonsense Sherlock got himself tied up with. But the fact that Greg had dropped everything, taken off to Scotland at a moments notice, had pulled in favours to get himself here just on the off-chance they needed his help… John was touched by it. Even if he couldn’t put it into words without embarrassing them both horribly.
“Sherlock, you’ve got to remember to breathe. I’m not going to keep doing this if you’re not going to breathe.” he said, rather breathless himself. Sherlock let out a long rasping breath, and sagged a little onto the sheets. He gasped quietly into the crook of his arm, and John reached out to rub his back soothingly.
At this, Sherlock finally looked up. His eyes were wide, shining with unmistakeable tears. John slowly reached out and touched his cheek, an ache in his chest. “Sherlock, I just wish there was a way to make you understand that you’re not alone. That you never have to be, not if you don’t want. I’ve always been yours. There’s something connecting us, you and me. I don’t really understand it but it’s always been there. Ever since that first day at Barts.”
John dipped his hand into Sherlock’s coat pocket, and tangled their fingers together as they moved more slowly in Violet and Patrick’s wake. Sherlock glanced down at him and smiled faintly, a slightly questioning look in his eyes.
Sherlock sat up slowly, rubbing at his eye with one hand. “Don’t be ridiculous, there are no aspidistras in this bit. They’re over-” He stopped, momentarily perplexed at the shawl he had dislodged with his movement.
glower at me every time I stayed here. I put up with more than enough of that when she lived at Hilderbogie.”
Back in the drawing room a couple of hours later, Sherlock eventually agreed to play for Violet. He grudgingly left to fetch his worn violin case from upstairs while Patrick settled himself on one end of the blue silk brocade sofa.
“It’s alright. It’s just a doll,” he said quickly. (Of course it’s just a bloody doll. You didn’t need to tell anyone that. Anyone can see it’s a bloody doll. It’s shiny plastic. If it was a real baby it wouldn’t still be pink- oh, god. Fucks sake,
was the one who was meant to make Sherlock smile.
He and John had stumbled home, drunk and reeling with adrenaline; wide eyed and exhausted and sleepless. They kept catching each others eyes and dissolving into faintly hysterical giggles. They had sat up till dawn, John making tea that neither of them drank and Sherlock playing Sarasate until the neighbours swore and thumped on the wall.
“Fae fucks sake man, tak’ a recce at ma greenhoose!” a new, loud voice roared from down the street. “Right, ah’m calling the polis. What the fuck ha’ you scunners bin playin’ at?”
[His skin cells are clinging to every fibre, rubbing against mine.]
(What. The. Fuck. I will kill him. I will really, honestly kill him if he took photos of my arse to show Violet! I mean…
Around twenty feet below him, on the chequered black and white tiles Basil Montague was standing almost nose to nose with George Marmaduke. Basil’s usually good natured, blandly handsome face was flushed and his fists were clenched. Marmaduke was grinning at him in an inane fashion, clearly finding Basil’s ire highly amusing.
that he didn’t have an eye for the ladies. It was obvious that we were getting married for our own reasons.”
it?!) It was clear from a shared glance with Violet that they shared this sentiment; but after all, they both knew that Patrick was a bit eccentric.
“Generally, I don’t.” Sherlock murmured, without looking up. “And that can be… inconvenient at times. Things like shaking hands or passing a dish at dinner are fine. I don’t exactly enjoy kissing Grandmother hello, but I’m used to it by now. I’ve managed to avoid most games at school, because rugby was… a bit difficult at times. Boxing and fencing though, they’re all right. I don’t mind it when Mummy or Father touch me. But I suppose they don’t do it much. Because like you, they’ve noticed that I don’t much like most people touching me.”
“I know you do.” John said, after a moment. “But I like hearing you say it. And I hope you know that you mean... you mean the world to me.” he finished a little awkwardly.
Violet rolled her eyes and got to her feet after slipping on a pair of gleaming black satin pumps. She took a final glance in the mirror and nodded approvingly at her appearance. “Fuck it. If I looked any more awesome I'd start a riot. Once more unto the breach, you craven worms.”
like this.) that it broke John’s heart a little.
That should
Sherlock nodded, and looked expectantly at her. “Extrapolate, then.” he said, with a faint air of challenge.
John stared at her, feeling abruptly nauseous. Sherlock’s fingers tightened on his knee. He couldn’t begin to make sense of the rush of emotion that this news provoked in him. In the adrenaline-fuelled rage of the previous day he knew he would have killed her himself; had come too close to it in his panic to get Sherlock back. Now that his blood had cooled though…
“Scurvy blighter?”
a little late for an official visit, isn’t it?” she asked in a genial tone, with a glint of steel.
“Not on your life.” John muttered, managing to relax a little as he felt Sherlock’s body pressed against the length of his.
The clarity and composition of the images was perfect, almost elegant. Violet had taken pictures of Sandra’s body from various angles, with several close ups of her torso and the hilt of the knife protruding from underneath the bench. He tried to imagine Violet taking the photographs, maintaining her composure and recording the moment. She was obviously shocked and upset at the death; and yet she had thought to take out a camera. He stole another look at her, and saw how absorbed she and Sherlock were in the images.
“Christ. Tell me that you two didn’t make all this mess?” he asked, taking in the disarray. The room was overflowing with books and papers, every surface covered with notebooks and volumes. The desk drawers that Murdy was systematically pulling open were stuffed with detritus; old biros, packets of tissues, dog-eared dictionaries, paperknives and chipped paperweights.
He knew that missing Moriarty was more than a Bit Not Good. He knew it would be a very bad idea indeed to mention this to John, who had eventually slept and then woke up mild mannered and yawning and complained about the unpaid gas bill. The loss of the John of the night before made Sherlock ache, just a bit.
It certainly wasn’t a hideous or ugly face but it was disconcerting. It brought you up short. Broad scars stretched from Violet’s right temple and down across her cheekbone. There was another, smaller scar to the left of her pointed chin, almost like an afterthought. John suspected that there had also been trauma to her right eye although it appeared unscathed – her left eye was bright blue, but the right was a sleepy brown.
Another few people arrived, some women among the newcomers. They did not hesitate in launching themselves into the melee. They were followed by several more figures, as well as three large dogs who barked excitedly. It was sheer mayhem; figures jostled and fought over nearly every inch of ground and circling around the ruined church. Some had crude weapons or knives, which flashed and caught the dim light of the lanterns. The air was filled with screams and shouts, snarls of abuse and furious insults.
when Sherlock cleared his throat meaningfully and raised an eyebrow at him.
“New Delhi, to be precise. Patrick told me that you got to know the director of the National Museum quite well, when you worked there in the late nineties.” Mycroft studied her thoughtfully. “You are remembered very fondly there. And also in Nepal, where you spent nearly a year working at the national records office.”
Mr. Brodie nodded gloomily at the mention of the name. “Might be best not to mention that you’re staying with Violet to Miss Argyle. She might refuse to talk to you at all.”
“Mmm, yes. A few. But it’s here too.” John sighed and rubbed his forehead. “Crap. I suppose you’d better go ahead and file a report. I’m not sure what they would have been after though. We didn’t leave anything valuable lying round. Or at least
The many church bells of Edinburgh began to strike midnight, almost lazily. They sat there in silence for several minutes, listening to the breeze stirring the long grass of the hillside.
Menzies sounded like he was in a pub and was not particularly enthusiastic to be contacted outside of office hours, until John told him about successfully tracking Garcia. The Inspector obviously ducked outside at this point, as the cheerful background noise and music abruptly disappeared.
“Because she probably has liver damage from drinking. She couldn’t handle the poison like the others.” Murdy offered slowly, then held up a hand as Sherlock opened his mouth to reprimand her. “Oh, shut up. I mean, sorry, hang on. He lied about Mrs. Duncan. She’s not a drunk. He wanted people to
John’s own erection had waned as he had spent so long concentrating on Sherlock. But as he gently slipped the tip of his index finger inside the tight hole he felt the blood rushing forcefully back to his groin, so fast that he felt almost dizzy. The sight of his finger slipping gently inside Sherlock was filthy, erotic, beautiful and he moaned silently at how tightly the muscle clenched around him.
“Then tell me exactly what you do know about this fiasco.” Mycroft said, his tone flat and cold. “You know very well that after you shot Sherlock, I only permitted you to remain in this country on the condition that you lived quietly and strictly within the bounds of the law. I only agreed to that, because he misguidedly pleaded on your behalf. That arrangement is at an end. Your only choice now is between detention in a nice, secure facility here in the United Kingdom where you will be afforded every comfort available. Or, as Anthea mentioned, a rather more
Griz sized him up wordlessly, her strong jaw clenching a little as she regarded him. After a moment, she merely nodded and turned to her horse. At first, John felt relief when he thought she was going to continue on her way; but she didn’t mount the piebald. She opened one of the stained canvas saddlebags and tucked the rabbits inside carefully, before turning back to him.
Their first Christmas together.
“Very well.” Mycroft handed the sheets of the map to John. “Take these, just in case. Shall we say twenty minutes in either direction? We will meet back at this point.”
He watched the line of Sherlock’s cheek round slightly in the dim light as he smiled. “How inventive, exactly?”
at the Palladium last month.”
“He feels all nice in it.” Sherlock declared. “It’s much better than his other ones, and he looks all… nithe, I mean
“But there’s no
He thought for a split second of attempting a comforting pat on the shoulder, then hurriedly thought better of it. Margaret seemed to relax slightly, and stashed her dustpan and brush into a nearby cleaning cupboard.
Patrick raised an eyebrow at this. “Interest. I see.”
“PC Dalziell. Former criminal.” Sherlock said brightly.
“Oh, my god.” he said blankly, staring at the gleaming steel barrel, the matt black grip. “Oh, Sherlock.
“That milk is fine!” Petty snapped at him.
The meeting with Inspector Menzies started badly, and got steadily worse.
“On Tuesday evening, Mr. Holmes. I wasn’t there for the drama with Hilary in the studio or his departure. Garcia and I sat for a while in the studio and smoked. We chatted a bit. Eventually I left him, around half eleven, I should think.”
The sight of the blood stained footprints had shaken him to his core. His yells echoed through the darkness, faintly repeating through the mountain passes. The only reply was the whisper of the breeze, streaming through pine branches and gullies. He suddenly felt colder than ever, standing staring into the darkness.
“Completely mental,” Violet added with a grin. “But I agree. Brilliant. It sounds like Mrs Duncan owes you her life, you daft besom.”
“But they certainly came this way,” Mycroft observed, pointing out a few broken branches perhaps ten feet down the slope. “And swiftly, too.”
“Violet
Sherlock wasn’t aware of when the tears had started slipping down his face. He had managed to stop himself thinking of Patrick until now. He had kept the young man behind a locked door; it had stayed tightly shut until Mycroft had slipped in, uninvited. Patrick Singh, twenty seven years old. The way he’d run towards Sherlock’s attackers, single-minded and furious made him think of John. Only doing what was right; never mind if it was foolhardy in the extreme. He couldn’t help but think of what effect Patrick had had on Mycroft. He’d barely seen his brother in the last few months.
his) daughters arrival, looking forward to meeting her and seeing her grow up. It suddenly seemed miraculous, the idea of creating a whole new person (silly, for a doctor - he knew how these things worked). He had hoped that she would get Mary’s nose instead of his. He wanted her to have Mary’s intellect and maybe a bit more of his empathy. He had wanted to teach her how to read, had already gone hunting for all his old Enid Blyton books in the loft of his mother’s house. He had envisioned Sherlock helping her with her science homework when she was older (and oh, what a brilliant disaster that would have been). He smiled faintly at this last image. Children often seemed to adore Sherlock, despite his obvious awkwardness and inability to say appropriate things to them.
“Please, Sherlock. Do show me someone who isn’t self-interested. Go and find me one among the hordes downstairs. And bring me a drink while you’re at it.” Violet snapped.
As so often happened, the next morning John woke alone. It really didn’t bother him, or at least it didn’t bother him very much anymore. At first, some small part of him had vainly hoped that Sherlock would come around to long lie-ins, the slow intimacy of drifting in and out of sleep together, of shared warmth. But more often than not, if Sherlock was still in bed when John awoke, the detective was usually at least partially dressed and working busily on his laptop or phone. It was much more usual for John to wake alone, in cool sheets that bore little evidence of Sherlock’s presence during the night at all.
“-not to mention the scorch marks all the way up the wall…”
[No. NO. He couldn’t have. He couldn’t have survived; he was too-]
Sherlock rolled his eyes theatrically, as if John were being tedious and overbearing in the extreme. He picked up a narrow book of paper that had been in the desk drawer, and tore off a red strip of what John immediately recognised as Litmus paper.
“Oh, I’m sure that’s what she told all of the young men whom she had wrapped around her little finger! Or, at least”, he added blandly but with a hint of venom, “…until she became slightly less alluring-“
He knew Sherlock was watching him intently, and he met his eye with an attempt at bravado. “Just… don’t expect me to match what you just did, alright?” He smiled bravely, turning and slipping down the bed.
of them on each cuff?” John muttered, slipping them free. He slowly inched the sleeve down on one side and watched as Sherlock carelessly shook the shirt from his other arm, letting it fall into a heap on the Persian carpet.
Basil gaped at him. “Do you honestly think that it’s acceptable behaviour to lay a hand on another man’s fiancée?”
Lestrade stared at the unusually and utterly sincere expression on Sherlock’s face, and watched the two girls shuffle out the kitchen door into the snowy drive. “Not that this is a new experience for me, but I reckon I’ve missed something fairly epic.” he observed.
objectionable?” Patrick asked curiously.
(No. Not fucking remotely.)
“Vi, you terrible harpy. Listen to me,” Sherlock murmured quietly. He still had one hand around the back of her neck and he cupped the scarred side of her face with the other. “No, listen, you rotten baggage. John and I really will sort this out. We can’t undo it, but we can make sure that it doesn’t happen again. We’ll ensure that whoever did this terrible thing is caught, that they’re put away.” Violet seemed to be struggling against tears now, blinking furiously and her chin was trembling. She grasped Sherlock’s wrists tightly. “You do know, we’re really quite good at this sort of thing, don’t you?” he asked, with a dash of bravado. “At least, I am. John sort of hangs around and asks obvious questions and blogs in a mediocre fashion about the scrapes we get into. He does make excellent tea, though.” Sherlock’s mouth quirked into a small smile. His eyes never left Violet’s, but John knew better than to take offence at the jibe. Violet managed a gasping sort of laugh.
“That makes two of us.” Sherlock muttered darkly, glaring ahead. “But I rather think we haven’t seen the last of him. He won’t be happy until he’s dragged me out of here by the scruff of my neck. Overbearing arse.”
John was more than a little relieved to hear that Violet was cancelling dinner with the students in favour of continuing with her painting in the conservatory. While he was fairly confident that she wouldn’t be unreasonably angry about the plate; he still didn’t relish the idea of having to tell her about it just yet.
“Fuck!” Violet hooted, her face screwed up and she slopped champagne into her lap as she shook with laughter. “Oh god. That explains an
He unearthed a handful of crumpled notes, perhaps €300 in total. He didn’t count, merely holding out the wad of cash at arm’s length until she grabbed it with a swift nod of thanks and stuffed it into her pocket. He shrugged off his heavy waterproof jacket and held it out towards the shivering boy without looking at him; ignoring the heavy rain that immediately soaked his cheap shirt and cardigan.
John continued to card his fingers gently through Sherlock’s hair, reluctant to say anything that might stop him from recounting the tale. Sherlock’s voice had remained level and distant up until this point, and it was almost as if he was talking about things that had happened to someone else. He paused for breath, and continued tonelessly.
Hi there, just to let you know I am taking part in the Fandom Trumps Hate auction and I'm offering Sherlock, Harry Potter and Check Please! fics to support some amazing charities. Bidding finishes tomorrow, 19 Jan 2017. If you're not interested, I'd still really appreciate it if you could spread the word on Tumblr - details on my blog :)
. ” John said drily.
“I think it’s about time I started working on my own painting a bit more seriously.” Violet said pensively. “I haven’t exhibited my work in years, but I used to do quite well out of it. Katy was wonderful, I must say. She pretended to be me, attended the opening and appeared in all of the press photographs. I didn’t want to risk appearing in the papers, you see.” She explained, at John’s quizzical look. “As a result, however, I do have something of an unusual reputation of being a business savvy and mercilessly efficient artist in certain London galleries.”
Violet rolled her eyes at him and took John’s arm companionably. “Too bloody right. Students are far more trouble that they’re worth. Brandy in the library, chaps?”
Best wishes
“Do you?” John murmured, almost to himself. Sherlock didn’t reply, merely watching him through half-closed eyes.
“Hmm. Don’t think so. The balance of weight seems to suggest several loose items, loosely padded in some way.”
Obligingly, John lowered his head and ran his tongue slowly across the soft damp skin again, tasting the salt and musk, exploring the texture of the fine coarse hair. With each pass of his tongue the skin tightened more, Sherlock’s balls nestling closer to the base of his cock. His thighs were trembling, and Sherlock seemed to be having a hard time keeping still, his back arching helplessly and his long legs falling wide open. Surprising even himself, John slipped a little lower on the bed and let his tongue slip down behind Sherlock’s sac, pausing to lap messily at his perineum.
http://fandomtrumpshateofferings.tumblr.com/tagged/snorklepie
She looked straight through him for a moment or two, then nodded slowly. “Alright.” she said, a little hoarsely. “If you like.”
Sherlock coughed loudly and pointedly.
“Mr. Mackie said that the box didn’t contain anything when he found it in here.” John informed Murdy, who was scanning the space with interest. “He reckoned it was just chucked in with the rest of the stuff at the end of the summer.”
John stared at the tense line of Sherlock’s shoulders, the way his fingers were clenched on the edge of the table.
“Mr. Shoe?” John queried, nonplussed.
“Ah.” John nodded, feeling on slightly more familiar territory.
Sherlock continued to stare at the painting, mesmerised by the broad streaks of red paint. John wandered around the room, and then knelt and idly flicked through the pile of shoddy canvases against the wall. Certainly Marmaduke’s lurid still life was dire, as were some of Basil’s wobbly looking sketches of Sandra sitting on a wooden box. As he turned away from the stack of canvases, something long and white caught his eye under the bed where Violet still sat, smoking furiously.
“Yess….Sherlock, like that…” I moan loudly.
I absolutely loved this place. We continued walking around the plaza, which we later found out it wasn’t called a ‘plaza’ and was actually called ’la puerta.” (the door). After learning what meant every monument in the plaza meant, we walked to ‘Presiados Street’ in every block, there was around seven stores, with fashionable clothes displayed. Sherlock brought himself an William Westmancott Ultimate Bespoke, which according to him it was now, one of the most expensive suits in our wardrobe. I let him buy it, because I didn’t understand mush about suits, Sherlock was the only to wear them. Along the walking and shopping and making fun of Sherlock’s fake accent, we encountered our new favorite place to get churros. It was this store called “Chocolateria de San Gines” I recall Sherlock joking, “John, sorry but I’m going to date this churro now.” I took his joke to deliver my second official hint. While Sherlock was looking for a table for two, I told the barista to add a circular churro inside the hot chocolate.
“God! Sherlock, that was amazing. So fucking gorgeous.” I finally whisper, being the last sound to echo in the bathroom. I look at my breathless reflection in the mirror but get distracted to my gorgeous boyfriend, panting, hugging tightly on me. His perfect round arse and his legs wrapped around me. His deep, black curls resting on my shoulder. This is how we were, most of the time. He clinging on me, like a vulnerable baby, ‘My Baby’ I think. I look down at my watch, we’ve been here for 20 minutes. Delicious, magnificent 20 minutes.
“Oh, well…” Sherlock stands up and he looks like his thoughts are lost in the air.
“Oh sorry dear, I was calling to ask if you could bring me some muffins and some postcards from there.” Her voice bringing me back to 221B. A smile blooms to the though. My brain process the fact that she wants me to bring muffins, making me laugh.
"You have a class outside waiting," Sherlock finally said after what felt like a lifetime in heaven. I wish he could stay. I rather loved the way he was kissing me, even though it is not in my lips, but just the felling of him all for me is satisfied get enough.
I live for your kudos and comments
Sherlock was breathing quite fast and so was I. It was the perfect background music and the perfect coloration of the night with the orange lights of the house. Makes me want to kiss him…… I catch myself in the thought and stop to look at his eyes, his perfect green, blue eyes. And to my surprise. They are looking at mine.
“You are talking like a kid.” I say with a small laugh. “And I love it!” We share the laugh for a good two minutes, completely forgetting about the wine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“fineeeee” I whine back. Dragging my feet to the other side of the hall, rolling my bag. When we finally made it to the elevator, we pressed the to floor 5. It was only me and Sherlock now. Sherlock said, out of the blue, “You still have it, love.” with a small smile growing in his face. I know he is referring to the guy that hit on both of us, in front of each other. I respond, “What a shame the rest of the world can’t get a taste of me.” I comment sarcastically, making Sherlock laugh. In the middle of his laugh, I look at him and say, in my most joyful way, “Your laugh is beautiful.” Sherlock, turns his whole body towards me and lay his hands on my shoulders, and simply plants a sweet, loving kiss on my forehead. The rest of the ride to the fifth floor was silent. But my favorite type of silence.
“Enjoy the view then,” Sherlock says, looking out his window. But I need no trees or beautiful colorations of the sky when I have Sherlock to admire and enjoy. Of course, Sherlock notices my concept of ‘enjoy the view’; he turns around to me and says, “By 'view', I meant the outside.” I laugh with a small shake on my shoulders, “I don’t need no outside, when I have you, love.” I respond with my most romantic voice I can pull with now. Sherlock, obviously, flattered by my compliment, smiles and stretches his body next to me to land a loving kiss on my lips, with the most perfect pressure and passion I could ask for.
“Special how?” I ask, really wanting to know.
As if I was thinking out loud, Sherlock finishes off saying, "Don't worry about it."
“You look like you just won the Olympic Games.” I say while walking towards the table to serve the wine.
“Love, we have the room the whole weekend. I promise you we’ll have time to do that.” I say walking towards him, calming him down.
“Ahh..” He moans, pushing his head back, but pulling me closer. His delicious moans made my erection grow by the second.
“Let's go outside and get lost, didn’t you hear me?” Sherlock’s sassy voice raises.
“What were you typing?” Sherlock asks.
“Alright well, the bath is ready.” Sherlock makes his way past me and leaves the bathroom. Going directly to the bed, looking at his clothes, I had chosen out for him. My stare follows his movements and the amount of skin he is exposing without shame. Sherlock, without a doubt, felt my drooling state.
“Yes,” I answered after two seconds of starting at the door. I drop all my fears at the entrance of the plane and pretend its all good. Like I’ve been doing the past years.
“Yes, thank you,” I respond. In my table behind me, there is a pile of papers. Homework.
“Ready?” Sherlock asks from behind, both looking at each other through the mirror.
“Alright then, lets hurry to the airport then, the faster we arrive, the faster I can make you lose your mind” He loudly announced, racing to the bedroom to close my and his bag.
“I love you, John Watson Holmes.” Sherlock closes his eyes and lets out a small sob, “What is it, love?” I ask, wondering what is bothering Sherlock.
“Calma guapo! Yo te llevo las maletas a tu cuarto.” The guy said. The beautiful accent bounced in my ears. Sherlock and I exchanged a confused look at the fast, fluent Spanish attack. An awkward air hovers us for what felt like an eternity. I wanted to laugh, but Sherlock was reading the guy’s life story from his face. The staff member, finally! noticed we didn’t understand a bloody thing he just said. His straight-face pushed me off the edge and the next thing that bounced our ears was my laugh. I can hear Sherlock also laughing, and the staff member followed next.
“John.” I heard a voice from being me. The same voice who left me on one knee, holding our future in our hands. I leave the keys on my pocket, everything has disconnected from my body. All that is able to function is my ears and somewhat of my feet. I slowly turn around, one step at the time, ready to face the man I love but the man who killed me. I am half way to face him, I really need to see his but to I also need to kiss him. I stop just inches from meeting his galaxy eyes, My hand senses the touch of the cold metal in my pocket, the keys.
“Thank you, John!” She paused, “Oh dear, I have to go. Have fun you two.” She quickly says.
“I swear, I will make you moan my name so loud, the neighbors will know my name.” Sherlock groans. Just with his words, a loud groan is forced out my lips. “Sherlock..” My mouth drops open to his name, my hands grabbing on the expensive bed sheets on the sides, arching my body up and pushing my hips up in the air, in frustration and desperation of the need of Sherlock braking myself down.
“I want to touch what I see.” My lips had taken control of what words to let slip out. I myself was a little bit shocked when I said this. But Sherlock’s answer and reaction brought me back to earth.
“Ready?” He asked, squeezing my hand to show me that I can fall on him and cry and have a mental breakdown anytime I felt like needed. I swallow, gathering myself.
Luckily, it's open. The stars are out, it every dark and the lights outside the door are welcoming me in. I find parking after the third round around the block. Almost in a hurry, I take out the keys, open the door and close it forcefully, making the side of my jacket get stuck.
“Wha…what…” I all I could murmur.
Stay tune! May post the other half later this week. <3
“Who is daddy? Watson.” His voice stronger than before. ‘That's my line in bed’ I thought. I scoff a soft laugh and pull some inches away to say, “Well I’m usually daddy, but now due to my fright of planes…” I say pulling him in to the right spot, I know Sherlock will ultimately shiver out loud, and respond with the same determination in his voice, “You’re daddy.” With that, Sherlock drops me and runs to the bathroom in a heartbeat. I take a moment to pick myself up, ‘If you wanna make it to him, you have to pull yourself together’ I take a deep breath and stand up, looking directly to the bathroom. I try to skip the girls who were checking me out before looking, and finally make it into the bathroom.
“You sure? You seem like you wanted to say something else.” I point out the obvious. His cheeks seem to turn to an even darker shade of red.
“John, your sleeping patterns have changed, why can’t you sleep?” Sherlock asks. My nose catchers the woody and deep ocean smell from his curls. The smell relaxes me a bit more.
“John,” Sherlock has enough time to wispher before I brush my lips to his. Morning kisses are always the best, soft but hungry, desperate but sweet.
“Wine?” Another.
“sher... wait… wait.” I said, trying to catch my breath, but instead, he starts kissing down my collarbone.
“Oh, well I said ‘chill handsome. I'm here to take your bags up to your room’ “ He said, and winked at MY Sherlock. The funny scent my air dramatically changed to pure jealousy. He clearly hasn’t noticed us holding hands, which made me even angrier. Before Sherlock could answer, I punch-in and say, “Look kiddo! Maybe you are blind, but he is forever taken!” My tone deeper and commanding. Sherlock’s face staring deeply at me, then to the floor on the word ‘forever’. On the other hand, the guy leans back and now stares at me, checking me out from head to toe.
Once Sherlock finished with his second churro, he stated to drink his hot chocolate. I was getting impatient for him to reach the bottom of his chocolate. My hands were actually sweating. ‘what if his reaction is unacceptable? what if he gets mad? or insensitive?’ My mind spinning over this thoughts. Without noticing, Sherlock stops walking and looks at the bottom of his carton cup. My eyes search for any disapproval, or anything negative. But all I find is a genuine smile and shining galaxies-looking eyes.
“The stars are out,” I say holding Sherlock in my hands, against my chest. Looking at the gigantic window above us.
“Two times? How could you possibly know that?!” The leader asks.
“Hell yea. I'm going to try and shag that tonight.” He responded. Taking me by surprise and I shag my body backward. Something happened to my body, everything tightened and my heart beat skyrocket, and some sort of jealousy or anger speeded around my body. I wonder why. My fist, in a millisecond, tightens and brakes the glass of whiskey I had on my hand shattering into the ground. I only notice it when the pain in my hand resembles around my body. But there is still some anger in me. The next thing I know, I was grabbing the man from his shirt and throwing him to the floor. He started to curse at me and I cursed back.
“Notifications of my eyes I have walking around this earth,” Sherlock answers casually. I collect myself and decide to just go with the flow.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you still up for a lap dance?” Sherlock brought it back, I, indeed was, One hundred percent, but I would love it in the bed...while he is riding me.
“Well, I wanted to make this our own trip, without any help from the queen of Britain” His sarcasm makes me laugh out loud. I can feel his laugh from my shaking shoulders. Some minutes pass and a lady with a navy blue suit came, “Mr. Holmes” she looked at Sherlock, “Mr. Watson,” turned her shoulders to me, “Your seat is ready, please follow me.” She ordered.
“Sherlock, love?” I call him, finishing typing my last sentence then I look up to him. He is sitting on the bed, with the golden phone of the hotel on his ear and the hotel phone guide on his lap.
“Shut up. I am ordering a wine for us. Can you believe it only costs 20 dollars?!” Sherlock says.
Its such a little chapter. Sorry for the lateness, but Ive been having like three mental breakdowns a day. So u can't imagine the agility I have to fake a smile and type. Anyway, moving past my weird self....I love ya'll. I hope you like it.
“No…no yet.” Sherlock’s voice was now shaking, I didn't know whit what, but I hope it's with desire. Sherlock’s hands were at the bottom of my jumper, his fingers now ready to grab and pull up. Without hesitation and quite fast, my jumper was pulled out of my body and thrown in the floor.
“Ahh..” I moaned and served me as a way to catch new air. Because there wasn’t much air between Sherlock and me, I looked up to refill my lungs. When I do, he instantly took action and started to kiss my neck again.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Take care, we’ll see you in three days.” I respond, making my way to the door. I turn around to wink her with a secure look and shake my pocket, which contained the box, her smile extends from ear to ear and claps her hands together in the middle of her chest. When I get to the street I find Sherlock already hailed a cab and opening the door for me.
“Shall we?” I ask winking at him.
“Oh, well then how about we go back to the hotel and enjoy the pool?” Sherlock asks with a smirk on his lips, while grabbing my hand and pulling me towards him. I chuckle and pull him in for a quick kiss.
“Yes. Alright thank you,” He hanged up and looked at me.
“Yess,” I hissed as he pushed my whole body towards the wall. The impact was so possessive and delicious… how could anyone say no to this?!
“How bloody well you know me,” I mange to say somewhere along a heated kiss.
“Erm… no, Im just looking for the…” Sherlocks looks up to the ceiling, loosing his train of thought, “pair of socks that is messing up my sock index,” Sherlock finally finishes his sentences. We share a confused look for at least some seconds.
“Watson.”
“You left early that night.” I know what he is talking about, so I agree with a small nod, “I’ll show you what I would've done the rest of that night, ok?” He asked as he was fixing something on his phone.
“Yes, it is. You remember.” I point out.
“John..ahh” Sherlock moans when my hand wraps around his harden erection.
“Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson,” I said. The leader told the man to take the weapon to inspection, then turn to us. “Yes. Thank you… umm, how long are you two staying here in Spain?” He asks. I had to answer, so I look to Sherlock for support, “Not long. We are leaving tomorrow.” Sherlock responds and quickly adds, “John shall we?” Pointing towards the cab we left in the middle of traffic. I nod, but before I leave, I stretch my arm to the leader and he shakes it, with the other he waves a small goodbye with his hand. Then moves it towards Sherlock, he reciprocates the action and quickly turns around walking to the road where our cab is still stuck in traffic. While we walk Sherlock comments, “Wow, Anderson must’ve been around here, for these guys not solving the case.” I laugh at his comment because I know how much he loves making fun of people, “Anywho… moving past this… we need to get to the hotel to get you clean up.” I say, pointing out the big mud stain on his left shoulder.
“Finish.” I stop to look at him in the eyes. He has small tears running down his cheeks. I cup my hands on his jawline and pull him in, leaning our foreheads together in the middle. My silence gives him permission to continue and finish.
“Mr. Watson?” I head a whispering from Sherlock's delicate lips.
But before he closes the door to my classroom, he turns back and ask, "what's your favorite color?"
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, detective.” Sherlock continues where he left off. Taking out a wallet out of his pocket and shows a detective badge to the man. The first thought that goes through my mind is that I'm going to call Lestrade, telling him I found his badge and wallet.
“John! please, I know how to talk five fluent languages.” Sherlock answered showing off.
“Ohh….” I moan, letting my head trow back. I notice that Sherlock is been in control for too long. Not that I didn’t like it, but I want to make him lose his mind. So I attempt to pull myself together and push him into the nearest wall, with the same strength as him. Tilting my face to deepen the kiss. Licking his lips. My hands go  form his shoulder, lower and lower. Moving my hips against him and pushing him closer to the wall. My hand goes to his shaking thigh and pull it higher, up to my hips, locking ourselves better.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you mean love?” I ask. I want to know what is bothering him to see if I can help in any way. If it’s bothering Sherlock then it’s also bothering me. Sherlock opens his mouth to answer my question, but Dante swings to our table with a notepad and a pen. Sherlock instantly closes his mouth and goes leans back in the chair.
This is the other half of the second chapter. I hope you enjoy it!
“Ermm… Yes, it was in the bathroom.” He responded. But I was in the bathroom before him and there wasn’t any sock in there.
“What?” I ask, making sure that Sherlock wants to go outside to humanity and just walk along until we get lost.
“Sherlock?…. You looking for something?” I ask curiously skipping through the clothes laying on the floor, getting closer to him. Sherlock turns around to look at me and stops trowing clothes to the air.
I don’t hesitate to answer, “Of course you’ve won me.” But my mind is still trying to make sense of what Sherlock said.
“John Watson, would you do me the honor to turn me into Sherlock Watson?” Sherlock’s sweet voice hangs on the air as I wipe down my tears of happiness. I can feel all my problems fading away, focusing all at the moment. Sherlock just asked me to marry him. This is unbelievable! God, I love him so damn much. I move one hand to rub his cheek and he responds by leaning on to my touch.
“Special by…erm… doing it in Spain.” Sherlock answers, with a small pause in between; like was looking for a special word.
“Sherlock you haven’t spoken a word. Are you ok?” I ask, pointing out the obvious. My eyes waiting to meet his, they are planted on the menu.
“Yes. That was the same reaction I had.” I responded, also laughing.
“It’s nice,” I exclaim. It really is, we don’t get to see this in London, and the fact that I am proposing here makes it ten times better.
“John… please.” Sherlock gasps. My mouth parts from his neck, and raises to his ear murmuring, “Giving you a warning love,” kissing him deeply in his ear; I can almost feel his hairs on his nape standing up, and his skin sending shiver across his arm and the rest of his delicious body, “I am going to tease you out.” Sherlock lets out a growl followed by a deep moan. My fingertips keep exploring in between his thighs, making his leg shake, just like I want. Sherlock lets out a growl as his thick, beautiful cock gets hard by my touch. I let out the monster hiding in my throat, making my voice gravelly and unmistakeable aroused as I say, “I want to see your pretty face fall apart,” Sherlock’s head takes an instant move to look at me properly, I know I have his attention and I mean to make the best of it. I move closer to him and whisper deeply, “inch by inch,” He doesn’t respond, but my need of being inside him takes over me and leads me to strata going lower and lower on his body. I kiss his neck, down into his collar bone, lower to his chest and arriving at my first destination.
“Alright. This time, don’t run please. Enough we have with racing the criminals we chase down.” Sherlock says sarcastically. Again laughter escapes my lips.
“No…wait..” Sherlock pants, pushing my hand away. I'm surprised at this, but excited to do what he wants. This has happened before, but it always leads to something even better. Sherlock, breathless, arches away from the wall, to stretch I suppose. He kneels down just a single bit, then jumps up and locks himself in my hips. I instantly grab him. Both of his thighs around me, locking me in. I can hold him for eternity like this. ‘God I love you’ I repeat in my mind. But my body is pushed back, so I turn around landing him in the spotless sink. Still kissing deeply, still lock-in, still in love, but the climax is increasing.
“No,” Sherlock responds, finally. I let out the breath I didn’t even notice I was holding, “…in fact, I have never been touched like this before.” He adds. This is all I needed for my brain to let loose. The fact that Sherlock had not been touched like this before, makes me his first. Thus, I will make this memorial, but it also means, I can’t give it to him all the way.
There were multiple expectants around the circular stage waiting for the gorgeous stranger to dance for them. It won’t take a while, because the stripper must've seen how required he was. I take a sip from my drink and OH MY GOD it was exactly what I needed. Before I take another sip, I turn around to look for any member of the school or my arms base that could report me. I find no one. The bar is filled with flirting men and a couple of them making out in the corner. I turn around and I find the lights going around and around, letting everyone know the show was about to start. Before it starts, I take the large sip out of my whiskey. Mostly necessary. I sit back into my chair, which wasn’t quite in the front but had a good view. The doors on the back of the stage opened and a fucking amazing body came out. He was thin, but muscular and had some fucking fantastic curls. His cheekbones were sexy as fuck.
“I was thinking the same thing,” Sherlock assures.
“Hola? Oh, Hello! Yes, I would like to order the Rioja Red wine, please,” Sherlock says to the other end of the call.
“How did you know this was happening?” I ask, to at least subtract one question out of the many my mind is rushing with.
“Hm. Your eye bags are bigger than usual and that coffee is your third this morning.” Sherlock deduces in a heartbeat. ‘GOD does he even breathe?!!!?!?!?!’ I don’t know where to look. But I know what and how he knows. I give him a sharp nod and ask, “How did you reach that conclusion?” It's always enlightening to listen to his thought process.
“You feel amazing,” I say, surprisingly without pauses. I start to move my hand up and down. Starting with a semi-slow pace, mostly teasing, keeping in mind we were in a plane’s bathroom. One of Sherlock’s hand hangs from my shoulder, and the other on my waist, pulling me closer. The hand hanging on my shoulder, goes slowly through my chest once again, stopping to play with my nipples.
“Hello, my —“ Sherlock gets interrupted by the first police protecting the scene, “No paparazzi” The American police shake his hand towards Sherlock, telling him to go away.
“What,” I said as I landed on the side of his neck biting, and kissing.
“Are you ready to go?” I ask, wanting to leave this place and prepose. Ha, I love that, ‘… and propose..’
"ASAP" I answer quickly with the truth.
“…I’m going to devour you.”
“That sounds like a Sherlock idea,” I say, braking apart and walking down the road. Sherlock looks down at me with the funniest face his made this whole trip.
I push him back towards the mirror once I’m fully inside him. I start a faster pace as I kiss and kiss him everywhere again until Sherlock is the one rocking back. I smile into the kiss, forgetting about time or location, all that matter was to make Sherlock lose his mind. He loves the feeling of me sliding in and out of him. Clear as water when he begs and moans, “I love… you….John….more… please…”.
A voice behind me sensually whispers, “That was a delicious sound you made there,” his trail of kisses working up my neck, up to the most sensible spot on my ear, sending shivers down my spine. Throwing my head back on his shoulder, absorbing all his kisses. His arms around my waist tightens and a small murmur on my ear says, “Forget the pool…. lay down John,” Sherlock’s commanding voice grows out of his throat and pushes me down on my back. Sherlock takes quick control over me and starts to takes play with my lips, biting and sucking, seeking for entrance and without hesitation, I welcome him in. By now he has placed himself on top of me, but lips never breaking contact. Our tongues are having a battle for dominance, I give in and let Sherlock brake me down. He practically throws his shirt out of his body, exposing his muscles; igniting the fire that is burning out of control in my chest and lips.
“You and your team’s IQ is somewhat the same as the victim’s right now,” Sherlock coldly said. I somehow saw it coming.
“Champagne?” I ask taking one step closer.
“But Jawn, please.” His voice shaking with desire.
“How far is it?” I ask, making sure we can make it back to THE dinner.
“You look magnificent!” I say loudly in excitement.
My goal right now is to make Dante go away as fast as possible. For that, instead of insulting him, I immediately answer, “Penne a la Vodka.” My eyes still looking at Sherlock. But his face is hidden behind the menu. Dante looks at Sherlock waiting for an answer. After some seconds, which felt like an eternity to me, Sherlock finally points something in the menu. I guess it’s a long dish name. Dante nods and writes it down. Just when I thought he was about to finish and already leave, he asks, “And for drinks?” I look sharply at him and take a deep breath through my nose. Sherlock immediately notices this and he answers, “A jar of sangria, thank you.” Dante looks at Sherlock, nod, and leaves, almost running. My attention goes entirely back to Sherlock.
“I love you so much John,” Sherlock says making me blush.
"He lied." I lied. As I look up Sherlock appeared to have moved closer to me. The heat in my face has gotten deeper and I run the risk of Sherlock finding out the truth.
“I’m going to take a shower be out in a couple of minutes,” Sherlock says, walking towards the bathroom. Leaving me in between his mess on the floor. I look around at the multiple clothes, mostly suits, thrown on the floor. ‘He’ll fix it when he comes out’ I think. I walk to wards my drawer of clothes to get the clothes Sherlock has advised. I open the drawer and raise a couple of shirts and pants to find the small, red leather box that I would open today. Sherlock finishes his bath by the time I am already changed. I’m in my computer, updating the pictures we took yesterday and upgrading my personal blog.
“Why is everyone smiling?” I ask out loud to anyone who hears me.
SHERLOCK DOES IT..... after John turns a little ermm like me: An emotional mess.
Sherlock is the one that brakes the silence, “Love, where are going today?”
“Did you find your sock?” I ask him, sitting on the bed looking at his perfect arse through the towel.
“There wasn’t any socks in the bathroom when I entered.” I speak my mind. ‘This is interesting, what is he hiding?’
“We can handle two bags anyway.” Sherlock looks at our bags and starts walking to the front desk. I follow his pull in my wrist. We quickly got our keys at the main desk, not wanting to talk to anybody other than my boyfriend. It took us about 5 minutes to find the elevator.
“So, that's why she kept coming upstairs.” He realized I'm shocked that Sherlock didn’t figure it out. So I ask him, “How on earth could you not deduced that?!” But he just smiles at me and answers, “Of course I knew, but you said it so proudly. I didn’t want to ruin  it for you.” Puppy eyes glowing on his face. I smile and roll my eyes at him. A white taxi with a red stripe in the middle of the door arrives a couple seconds after. A men came out of the car as soon as he parked in front of us. Sherlock probably already deduced him from the second he took our bags and placed them in the back of the car. Taking us both by surprise, we stood there a bit confused at this gesture.
“Who gave you permission to be here?” The American police ask, already raising the yellow tape, signaling for him to come in.
“This won’t always work,” Sherlock repeats what I told him back at the crime scene when he did this to me.
This time, Sherlock sat in the window and I next to him. I moved my hand between him and his elbow, resting my head on his shoulder. But still uncomfortable, still the rest arm between us. Like I’ve been talking out loud, Sherlock took out his phone said calmly said, “Don’t worry, I'm texting Mycroft so we can get into the first class seats.”
“Talk dirty,” I say, when Sherlock is back to his position, on top of me. A hand on my chest and the other one teasing around my, already, harden cock. His smile grows into a predator’s ready to attack its prey. With this smile, I know this is going to be both fun and deliciously painfully time.
“Watch it, dude,” The driver screamed and drove away. So I’m standing in the middle of the street, shocked. If I keep thinking about Sherlock like that, I’m not going to be alive to see him again. Coming back to earth, I start to walk again, but now I’m more alert of my surroundings. Its only 30 minutes from the program to my house. The sky is the most beautiful at this time. It has the right colors of pink and orange, giving a warm feeling to the air. I’m a block away from my house now, my mind is still with the bright picture of Sherlock in front of me. But I'm walking slower to enjoy it and to not get hit by another car.
“Yes, right.” Sherlock looks at his dirty shirt and makes a face of disgust. We reached the road and in between the massive mess of cars turning and honking, we found the cab and we were still in one piece. We knock on the window and the driver looks back at us; with a smile, he unlocked the door and let us in.
JOHN DOES IT GUYS!!!!
“Unos… 45 minutos, por el traffico.” The driver responded. (45 minutes, because of the traffic.) I turn to Sherlock and give him a small smile.
“Oh, but John!!” Sherlock whines, dropping his shoulders down, making those puppy eyes I can easily be a victim of.
“Yes. Yes. YES, of course, my blogger!!!” Sherlock shouted, cupping my face and bringing it up to his.
Jesus Christ! UGH, how I hate him. The meeting started off ok, but as time went on, he started to passively insult me, and not just insult me, us. I and my commander have a little background story. But it's not important. He actually threatens me that he will take my teaching job and my house if I don’t fix what happened last night with the weaponry room. It wasn’t even my fault! It was my partner. He was the idiot who thought that smoking in that goddamed room is ok. My anger spread across my body and out of the sudden everything is hot. I know it is not good to drive angry, but I need to get this anger out somehow. I press in the petal hard and the car leaves wheels mark in the concrete floor. The air from my window blast in my face, which is actually helpful to the heat in me. Where should I go? OH! Where do I normally go to get drinks and pass down this discussion. My favorite bar/ stripper club. “Leopards” My hands' muscles take control and takes me directly to the bar I have been millions of time before. I'm getting closer and from the distance, I can see the light are off and the door is closed.
“Yes, we couldn’t agree,” I comment on the loving memory. Like we were stuck in the moment, our eyes stare at each other in the most comfortable manner. I absolutely love moments like this, when we forget about everything around us, focusing on each other only.
"Later, sexy." Sherlock walks away from me, towards the door.
“Sherlock that was really a brilliant observation you did there. You should express your ideas more often.” I say, surprised to the interesting comment my brain formulated in just seconds. Sherlock looks at me with his blue eyes and I could really melt right now. I mentally thank my military years for not letting me grow up to be a fragile bisexual man.
“Do you really want to know?” I ask, stretching my hand to meet his in the middle; warning him the long explication.
