"Cardiac arrest," Anderson supplies. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at the look of surprise on her face.
At the tail end of his shift, he and practically the whole rest of the ward gets an earful from a woman screaming at her financially incompetent husband about how she's not going to take care of him if he gets another heart attack. The senile inpatient in the bunk next to them tells her that in the grand scheme of things she ought to be kinder to her husband, even if he is a useless, and inane and all the things aforementioned. John finds himself staring dumbfounded at the elderly man who voiced this opinion for no apparent reason, then introspectively pondering over it the whole drive home.
"That doesn't mean she hasn't committed the crime, just that she hasn't been caught, which is a result of your forensics personnel being idiots. Clearly she's been exploiting the fact."
Sherlock makes no comment, retreating into thunderous, oppressive silence. The atmosphere feels heavier like it does before a lightening storm, and John finds it impossible to breathe with all the pressure and static.
“It’s not about,” he continues unfluently, searching for words like he’s speaking a different language with an unfamiliar and perplexing grammar structure, "Being
Undoing his gloves, Sherlock stalks back over to the yellow tape where Lestrade is barking orders, the bottom edges of his clothes stained with red-tinged mystery liquids. John plods over to convene with them, in part avoid the unsettling locker-room talk, which is, getting worse by the minute. "You know that song it's raining men-?" Anderson asks with a smirk. "Oh God- now you're just being morbid," Sally grimaces.
After a few days, John starts aching to see him again, even if he's still and motionless in death. Going to Ministry of Defense Cryogenics Laboratory is, as always, painful reminder of what happened, yet he finds he can't stop himself from going, as painful as it is. When he returns to that frost-laden room, he stays by Sherlock's side for a stretch of time, when eventually Mycroft joins him.
“I see that there is some major confusion about this that we will have to address later,” he says standing and pushing in his chair, “But right now I have to get to work, okay?” he says tersely, giving her a kiss on the head. He then grabs his keys and bag, making his exit out the door shortly after.
"Like this," John takes a step forward, putting his arms around his neck, "you mean." John’s hands slide into place against his collar, running against the feel of posh Italian cotton, and suddenly they’re back in year eleven.
“Fine. Let me show you how it’s done,” he says at last, coattails twirling and shoes clicking as he turns on his heel.
“Is this your girlfriend?” she asks, putting a hand on the shoulder of the brunette standing across from him and pointing to her.
," he says with such adamance he imagines it must faze him- that Sherlock can't not feel an unexpected thrum of pleasure seeing John kneeling like that in front of him and telling him he's God. "That is exactly
John sighs and stands from where he's knelt on the chaotic carpet, approaching to check his injuries, but in the heat of the moment, Sherlock grabs the mail opener next to the upended coffee table and John stills.
"What, now?" John asks, seeing that it's well past midnight and there's a small hurricane happening outside, slapping trees against window panes and the like, your usual saturnine weather.
"John if you want, you can visit again,” he says, taking John by the shoulder as he guides him back out, “We'll give you the appropriate clearance and security briefing."
Nigel happens by them and Sherlock and Mary part ways, bride leaving to dance with the groom. Something inextricably subtle flashes across Sherlock’s face as their hands fall apart— just a fraction of a wince.
I'm ransoming the next chap (which is the beginning) for 10 kudos. Or a comment- 2 comments and it's yours. It's more case-ficy but at least explains why Irene goes around killing and raping ppl and how he catches her (or how she catches him?). Also since people were curious, I might be able to fit in the night of the incident, but that might need to be it's own chapter. will see...
“He’s… sleep talking,” Sherlock frowns. He gets the feeling he’s had this conversation before. He probably had left Mary alone with a gun at some point during her infancy, but now she’s a better shot than John (not that John is aware) so it ended up being a plus.
“Sherlock—” His voice sounds squeezed. He’s breathing rapid again, vexed, shallow, short, little breaths.
"Sherlock…" John growls warningly, this time his voice unnervingly frightful and much less forgiving.
Sherlock is leaning in the doorway, flashing a lean smile. His shirt collar is unbuttoned one button more than usual, and his shirt is too tight, as usual. His head is buried into the threshold, he looks like a playgirl model with the long stretches of neck muscle and collar bone. The way he holds himself, he’s begging to be torn out of that trim and proper button-down shirt that he’s abusing, despite it’s something in the hundreds price tag.
In the midst of the excruciating pain that’s overcome him, John doesn’t understand what happened either, but then he does, he knows it was an self-inflicted wound.
John follows the sound of the violin through the long glass halls with only the occasional skylight or window to guide him in the low light, spilling sliver reflections onto the bulletproof glass of the hallways. The music leads him to the elevator, which isn't working either. He finds the stairwell to the subterranean level, dissonant, minor notes resonating from two stories below. He muses how the eerie, ominous quality of it would make a good introduction to a horror film. He can practically hear the audience bidding him not to go down there.
"What exactly are you trying to prove? The DNA indicated the attacker was male. It was a match for Sorace."
Before John realises what he's doing, he's leapt forward to squeeze him in a hug, so sudden and desperate and senseless that he startles Sherlock. Mistaking the nonsensical outburst of affection for violence, Sherlock panics and struggles against him in alarm. Despite his spurned advances, John tightens his arms around him, trying to get him to understand he doesn't want to hurt him (which, though a noble endeavor paved with good intentions, is kind of backfiring).
John glares balefully at the fridge, an innocent bystander nonetheless. “I ought to do him in,” he growls with a weary, strained inflection of voice that betrays nuisance to the point of suffering. He cracks open the fridge and fetches the milk. “
"Indeed, how?" she asks, mock-pondering the question, "I imagine it must blast a large, gaping hole in your theory. After all, how could a woman possibly impose her will on a man?"
The creature presides over John’s activity from the remote recesses of his stone fortress, intrigued and very much engaged in its efforts but keeping a distance so as to allow its labours to proceed uninterrupted. The human seems to be amassing an obscene amount of wood, for what purpose the sea creature can only fathom a guess. There is no rhyme or reason to the structure, it’s perfectly chaotic, and yet despite the lack of form, it must certainly have a function, he has no doubt of that.
"One way or another, you all forfeit. Some cave to blackmail, others temptation," she purrs in his ear, as if either of those would work on him!
After a while, he brings himself to look at Sherlock. He wearing an unremarkable, generic uniform that is very unlike him- a pain white jumper with a barcoded sleeve and vest pocket and a pair of white sweatpants. He's pale as death, but looks otherwise unchanged, sharp features, dark raven hair, and all the things Molly described as wicked-beautiful.
John stares at the opening vortex with dark, bottomless eyes, panting anxiously. “What do you want?” John deplores raggedly.
It takes every ounce of control he has to keep his face from betraying the dark, simmering anger the words elicit, or what's worse, the nagging fears that she might be right. While it's not something he likes to admit, he's losing traction, his footholds slipping, scrambling to hang on to the way they were before.
The man's breath hitches. Gingerly, he removes his hand, his fingertips shaking like an addict suffering withdrawal. Then he quickly makes himself scarce and disappears from view, vanishing into the depths of the cavernous alleyway. The soldier clutches his neck, catching his breath, and can't shake the feeling he just brushed shoulders with death.
His temper flares as she stands casually in front of him, direct evidence to the contrary and yet feigning ignorance, as if what she did to him had never happened.
Sherlock contemplates it. “That would make your father even more cross, wouldn’t it?” he asks thoughtfully, tracing causation, as he’s good at doing.
John goes and visits the newly resurrected grave, which is staged with freshly-laid Calla lillies. "How trite," he comments, toeing the petals.
Sorry we still haven't gotten to the real angsty part yet. i want to get that part in next... although there's a fluffy filler section that goes in around here too which might provide some respite from all the drama. Decisions decisions
Something in John snaps at the way Sherlock looking at her, listless and resigned to being hers. It’s something willful and rageful and suddenly, irrefutably
John is taken aback, seeing that this seemingly harmless, elderly man on his knees is actually one of London’s most wanted. Even so, he’s disinclined to rescind his assistance and leave the suffering man to his fate-- technically, his profession requires that he abstain from making character judgments.
He watches the quiet ebb and flow of the tide, suspiciously scanning the rocks of the continental shelf, and looks for any unnatural disturbances in the water. Despite ripples of underwater kelp forests and the occasional collision where water meets stone, little else penetrates the surface. After a few minutes of nothing particularly remarkable happening, he stands, turns, and heads into the brush.
The wound to his chest wouldn't necessarily be fatal if all the stretcher carriers and medical personal from the regimental aid post were not dead beside him, unable to stave the bleeding or stabilize his condition. He drags himself into a ditch to barricade himself against shellfire and reaches for his emergency field-dressing. He applies pressure on the wound, trying to mitigate the damage best he can as he slowly bleeds out in the middle of enemy-ridden territory.
Sherlock feels it too, though he doesn’t say anything, gone inconspicuously quiet again. He brushes against the top of John’s ear, and John flinches at the unexpected tickle of it, which makes Sherlock stall hesitantly with an apologetic air of sorts, not sure what to do. In seeking to free his road-blocked friend, John stops preoccupying himself with trying to spare him a noseful of ash blonde hair, instead leaning his head against his jaw a little so as to say he’s not allergic to him— or his particular strain of cooties.
To that end, he tells himself to breathe and be as compliant as possible, letting her proceed with the hope she will be more inclined to incriminate herself in this manner.
John and Sherlock are coasting together in a cab, sitting across from each other as the streets of London blend in the window. “You alright?” John asks, giving his raven-haired companion a once-over. He looks a touch disheveled, shirt rustled, hair wind-swept, but very satisfied.
"We have to at least report it," John says, trying broach the subject with as much finesse as possible.
“Sorry,” he says, looking a little fazed. “If my wife sees me talking to you she might completely lose it,” he says curtly, to Sherlock's surprise.
And the fact that Ajay had had a USB drive with the initials A-G-R-A on it- there was something troubling about that. It was the beginnings of a pattern- something vague, something just starting the take form, something he’s just beginning to grasp. A for Ajay, G for Gabriel, R for Rose.
“How young?” Sherlock enquires with a smirk John can see through the back of his head. He grits his teeth and breathes through his nose. “Mary’s age?” Sherlock prods again, almost as if he delights in John’s anguish.
As he walks down the hall the temperature nosedives to below freezing. He crosses his arms and tries to keep his teeth from chattering and freeze-drying off.
"Seven bodies in just three days. Freak's got to be jumping for joy right about now," Sally says, holding a flashlight and trying not to get any of the crime scene nastiness on her new, hard-earned boots. What meets their eyes is not exactly a pretty sight, where multiple lacerations to the body have made for a grizzly, if not decorative display of human fluids.
There's a stillness in the air as the dust settles. When Sherlock meets his eyes, he's giving him a dark look that makes John shiver. He's literally standing between Sherlock and a case, and this is not going to end well.
“Yeah, come on, you’re alright,” he assures him, still repressing laughter as he pulls the sleuth up by the upper arm, “We’re going now.” He retrieves the little monster off the sofa, which kisses him on the nose, “You were good, weren’t you?”
John scowls, bewildered at how he can get away with jokes like that (of course, it's partly because he lets him). He crosses his arms, now completely convinced the vital organ beating in his chest has been robbed on purpose and the dastardly bandit is just standing there, red-handed yet unwitting. He scintillates on the threshold, his bloody waistcoat open at the chest and gleaming silver where the sunlight hits it around his waist, cinched against the small of his back. He's far too cheeky to be allowed. There has got to be some legal provision against it somewhere, just like there are speed limits and box junctions.
"I can take care of her myself," he says with a fierce conviction set on his features, mirroring all of John’s frustration and then some, "I don't need my brother to come save me. I'm not some damsel in distress!"
He manages to convince himself that the notion of shark-eating men is ridiculous. And backwards. And that even the most horrific depictions of mermaids in folklore don't do that. But the thought stirs up a vague memory, something from a myth, fairy tale, or dream, of sinister, siren-like creatures that pull sailors under and drag them to their deaths.
He looks at John in incomprehension. "John, unhand me-" he commands, but when he starts forward, it's like walking into an unmoving wall.
Then, unexpectedly, he's gone. In a swerve of footstool tearing across the ground and a flash of silver eyes, he takes his leave, as if having taken offense to the soldier's unchecked stare. It's only seconds later that the soldier recovers his senses enough to notice the cloaked man left a coin, still spinning on the table. He hollers after the man to call his attention to it. But he's gone out the back door in a furl of cape.
He's certainly not jumping for joy. In fact, when he steps back, finally satisfied with his assessment, his jaw is set in a grave line, his coat billowing in the ragged wind.
John can literally feel all sense of reason leave him. Props to Sherlock, because after many, many valiant but unsuccessful attempts, he'd finally done it. He'd finally
Sherlock’s eyes slide over to his smoothly. “It was on top of a train. A moving train,” he smirks, “It was practically James Bond.”
I'm sorry I had to drop that bomb about them being married on you like that but it had to be done, since we like skipped the first few chaps. Also sorry that I did not get to the part where they meet Irene again yet... gah, I wanted to go there. Next time, folks, next time.
John feels like a hole has opened up inside him, something taken that can never be replaced. His anger evaporates, feeling powerless at the sight of those symptoms resurfacing yet again. It occurs to him he's having a rare glimpse underneath the facade: a peak at how much he's masking, and how terribly good at it he is. Then seeing the way Sherlock masterfully covers it up, he figures perhaps it's all by design that Sherlock never shows him any weakness or vulnerability of mind.
It's been a week. Absolutely nothing has changed. Sherlock is just as dead as he was seven days ago. Just as sombre. Just as still. Looking just as he did in life, in a nostalgic, brutal, and cruel kind of way, his image a perpetual reminder of everything he did so royally wrong.
And Sherlock... he exchanges a look with her, everything spreading out in slow motion as she walks out the revolving door, putting her glasses back on. John looks between them. He doesn't know what that was but he knows he didn't like it.
He tries to swim against it, kick free from its hold, but the forces are too powerful and dwarf his efforts. He feels like a rabbit with its foot caught in a snare.
Sherlock starts up to sitting, his mind barreling forward. They knew each other. Gabriel was familiar to him- an
"Not only have I saved you, I've killed for you. And I'd do worse." He doesn't like the way it sounds like a threat, but he doesn't shy away from it either.
"Mycroft had me design it as a child. In exchange he gave me a violin,” she offers, as some kind of explanation.
John turns toward the corridor she indicated and steels himself. The moment he sees his face he's going to kill him. It's decided.
He closes his eyes, leaning down until there's nothing between them. When he draws back, he finds the doctor still obliviously unconscious, looking like a proper angel when he sleeps. How fitting.
Sherlock gives him an underhand glare, a sudden spurt of razor blue that John sees but fails to observe.
"He was a cold case I cracked," he feels obliged to explain when John looks skeptical. "Well, almost cracked. We tried to lock him up but there were issues with the evidence. It had a tendency to disappear."
And when he grabbed his coat and started tailing John down Baker Street, well, that was purely recreational and had nothing to do with the idea that John was going elsewhere was driving him just a little bit crazy. The way his pace quickened to join him on the kerb so that he wouldn’t lose him, winding through foot traffic and clipping shoulders, in no way indicated he was even remotely interested in John’s intents or whereabouts at all.
“Then who did?" he says, "No one else I know has a penchant for signing their name into the back of people's necks after snapping them.”
“Fine then. Don’t eat it. We’ll know if the toast was poisoned when he wakes up—” Sherlock sighs, apparently given up, pocketing the jam in his robe. Finders keepers.
“It’s nothing John,” he retorts dismissively. He disappears into his bedroom and John files suit, feeling compelled to follow.
"You should at least wear a raincoat or something-" John hazards, although on second thought, he's never ventured into such sacrilegious territory before.
By the end of the afternoon, John has been so drugged with an insufferable dosage of sexual frustration from the creature’s unnerving watch, when he notices it waiting for him only a few feet from him in the shallows, it’s as though he’s been possessed to come closer. He yearns to touch it, just to see if it’s real, to hold it, to have it. He thinks maybe it’s something about those compelling eyes, that glow like abyssal jellyfish. Tenuously, he takes a step, and then another into the wash of waves. Part of him can’t believe he’s actually walking
He is altogether unconcerned when John looks flummoxed at that, gaping like Sherlock had just confessed he was considering retiring and moving to Australia to study the wallabies. Sherlock brushes past him toward the entryway, more pressing matters to attend to than John's odd, skewed priorities and the insufferable need of his to make all his unwarranted opinions on the matter known.
He dismisses the refractory thought, trying with what power he has to ignore it. Spending so much time with the detective was making him stake too much on their friendship. He really needed to get out more on a date or two himself.
"I'm sorry for keeping this from you, and that you had to find out in this way. It was a necessary security precaution," he explains, seeing the look on John's face. "The building is currently on lock down, so it's best that we take our leave," he says.
—” He tries a random book off the shelf beneath the bison skull, but realizes he has it memorized verbatim, and pauses awkwardly on the first page. These are the pitfalls of photographic memory.
He had been there for an all-together different, more sinister reason— His object had been to put a bullet in the deceased's brain from the get-go. He should have left Sherlock for dead, had he not mentioned Mary’s name. That alone was compelling enough to make him pull him out the water.
"Photos of the men Oscar Sorace supposedly raped and murdered," he interrupts when the intense eye contact starts to deter from the point of the meeting. He twists the file back to her and turns to a particular image where the killer's signature is visible, though she's pointedly looking not at the file but at him, "He sews his name into their necks, a detail that was never released to the press, so it had to be him as opposed to a copy cat, so the Yard reasons," he's saying, his voice growing quieter as she grows closer.
Sherlock is getting the irksome, disgruntling feeling he's missed something. Confessions are meant to be like pulling teeth, not like giving away free donuts.
"Why does any of that concern you?" Sherlock says flatly, clearly not affected by a word John is saying. John does a sharp intake at how it all goes in one ear and out the other, unheard. He clenches his jaw, consumed with resentment from all his callous insults, which have reached critical mass.
John hears Mary’s voice resonate from the hallway on his right and looks up to the source of the sound.
"So what is this bloke, some sort of... gay serial rapist-?" Anderson asks as they tread over to the crime scene barrier. It's raining so hard it's caused some mudslides on the park grounds and the darkness does little to improve visibility.
He remembers the thrill of a shiver when those long, human-like fingers had closed around him, the dismal, nightmarish canvas of cold blue tones with bubbles that trail upward, the memory of salt burning against his eyes, but he shakes it off as a fantasy. Certainly he would be dead, if that game of life or death had been anything more than a dream.
“You think I would drop you John?” Sherlock smirks at him playfully, that bottomless, baritone voice reverberating with (faux) candor. His nose dips close enough to feel the glow of warmth tinging John’s, who is blushing, probably, but who wouldn’t? Sherlock is much too indecently, breath-baitingly close, playing the equivalent of footsie for noses with him. Good grief.
John looks up at him questioningly. “You’re looking at the man responsible for the brutal murders of twenty nine individuals, still unaccounted for, between the years 1974 and 79. You know, the one I told you about.”
“How do you propose we do that?” Sherlock replies, slumping into his leather armchair and aligning his fingers in a prayer-like manner.
"Yet your killer remains at large." Having already made a beeline to his desk, Sherlock slams a sheet of paper on the table.
“It makes little sense in telling him, or asking him, for anything, when in the context of everything he’s given me there is little more I can, feasibly..  ask him for.”
“Why!” she reels in incomprehension and comes face to face, gritting her teeth, “Why can’t he just be happy for me like a normal parent?”
The sole and final answer to his question is din of silence, interrupted only by a howl of wind. A few seconds slip by, then a minute. John's patience wears thin.
"He was your father," he says aloud. Then it occurs to him she was the missing link he'd been looking for, the smoking gun he knew existed but could never find. "You. When he found out years after the fact that he had a daughter with one of his victims- your mother- he'd wanted to get rid of the evidence of his crime- to get rid of you. When your mother hid you from him he-" he stops, kicking himself, "Why didn't I see it? It was because of you. You're the reason he killed her."
Then it occurs to John that she's actually making fun of him. His jaw clenches tight and something sharp and bitter twists in his chest. "Don't let me stop you- enjoy staring longingly at Sherlock all by your lonesome for the rest of eternity," she smiles warmly, giving him a wave as she leaves.
"Make his brain rewire around the parts that aren't working anymore," she explains, although it doesn't exactly clarify any of his confusion.
“Shall I demonstrate?” Sherlock offers, eliminating the last shred of buffer space between them by leaning down with the look of John’s greatest weakness—soft, captivating eyes so distracting it takes John the whole of a minute to be pulled out of their depths and realise that… he’s loosing altitude.
He ends there, with a slowness on the last consonant. John feels like it sounds bizarre, yet vaguely beautiful, and can’t discern precisely why. Gradually, he realizes, it’s because he’s gotten the iambic pentameter right, so that it sounds like a beating heart. He might have thought it strange, if glimpses of the two of them dancing together weren’t stranger, growing increasingly stranger, reminiscent, prophetic, as he approaches. His feet are lagging slightly, hesitating, and everything drags to a slow, feeling unreal like a dream, a distant memory.
He sits with his back uncomfortably pressed to a wall of rock, registering his surroundings and getting his bearings. Daybreak. The island shore beckons a few kilometers away, skirted by a tame, deep blue sea. Gentle waves rock the shore beneath the coursing wind, which plays at his disheveled grey hair.
He absentmindedly goes about doing the dishes, pointedly avoiding the sight of Sherlock's silent violin sitting in its satin-lined case, untouched, or the empty coat rack that just looks wrong, or his unmanned microscope sitting on the countertop, mocking him.
"All their blood work is coming back clean. Get us something else to work with," Lestrade demands, and plods off toward forensics to give them the go.
“Why is it so difficult to imagine, compared to all the crazy ideas in your head?” Sherlock demands rhetorical and aloof and a touch patronizing. His icy blue eyes are scathing and penetrative as ever. It's so vivid.
I don't even think it's that they're men. I think it's just a case of stupid + stupid makes for too much stupid in the room.
“If you’re trying to get me to admit that I’m human, you have another thing coming,” he tells her coolly.
He’s unable to unravel what it is. It’s too far gone, a key tossed away into the depths of the subconscious where everything is in disarray. When he finally lies down after pacing a half marathon, it plagues him endlessly, a gnawing feeling in the back of his mind, flitting around the edges of his conscious thoughts.
“Nothing,” he says shortly and quickly plants his misplaced step back on solid ground, instantly regaining his footing and smoothing over the minor infraction.
"That wouldn't be good. You've gotten yourself in enough trouble already, don't you think?" she says, seeming to delight in his feeling awkward and ill at ease- he'd venture to say she might even feed off of it. "Making promises you can't keep. Wagering bets you can't win. You've been quite reckless, Holmes."
“You can’t. Not to me,” Sherlock laughs like John is being obvious, and John’s eyebrows contort in confusion. He slumps back down to sitting as though Sherlock has knocked the wind out of him.
"Can we get back to waltz?" John sighs, mildly irked he hadn’t noticed that his very own limbs, which, whence last he checked, had been moving predictably in triple meter, had been casually repurposed. Not that he minds learning ballet particularly, just the being-taken-for-a-ride-as-if-he-were-a-bloody-Chevrolet part, blissfully unaware he’d even been high-jacked. Does he not own his body anymore, has it been commandeered as part of Sherlock’s transport?
” Sherlock thunders from the kitchen, and John sighs, lifting his listless eyes from the page. Sherlock storms into their humble commonspace like a whirlwind, looking indignant with his shirt collar button strained and eyes vibrant, violent green. “Where in God’s name—“
He looks around him and spots a little CCTV camera with a big round lens, perched above him on an electrical cable. He’s not exactly surprised.
would be the body. He watches it contemplating it— deliberating his fate— entertaining the idea of tearing him into unrecognizable bits and pieces, which it has all the power to do. He watches it wrestling with itself, unable to resist the temptation, growing more impatient as time ticks and the odds stack against him.
"I can tell you weren't schooled in the art of sabotage like he was. You have a very simple mind," he says, and John, being the adult here, rolls his eyes like a teenager.
John naturally stops at the sight of pain, but Sherlock takes advantage of his weakness and rallies, seeming intent on repeating this wash-rinse-repeat cycle over and over until he doesn't have any strength left. "What am I really to you, John?" he asks, something bestial and ravenous in his voice, "Have you been lying to me, about everything?" John has never seen him like this- it's nonsense. He's going to make John keep doing this until he's completely destroyed, reduced to a broken, damaged tangle of limbs on the floor, and John, with all his nerves of steel, doesn't have the grit for it.
"I think that that decapitated head in the garden terrace should be sufficiently decayed by now," he muses absent-mindedly, no doubt thinking, with his somewhat incongruous sense of aesthetic, that the idea of decaying human remains suits late-romantic era music perfectly. These sorts of things really don't help when John is trying to explain to normal people that he's not a psychopath.
“Yeah,” John offers a sympathetic smile and fills out the rest of the paper slip, “I’m going to put you on pain killers and we’ll set you up with a sling.”
“Because I’m.. I’m sick,” he naturally struggles to admit to him, the very opposite, a paragon of rationality.
John swiftly parses out and disposes of most of the tissue collection, relocating some of the salvageable specimens to the fridge. He cleans the knife under the faucet, wipes it dry with unerring deftness, and shunts the blade into its holster in the knife set. He grips the handle of the lackluster kettle situated on the stove, divests its contents into the sink, sets it on the base of the basin, and flips the tap. As he sets his hands against the counter, scalding hot water rushes into the kettle at a streamline pace, hissing softly.
"It wouldn't be the first time he'd done it," John states, flipping a page, apparently more inclined toward the magazine article he's reading than the conversation.
“Oh, look at that,” he exclaims in feigned bewilderment, raising his hand so they can observe the condition of his forearm, “The electrical line nearly caught my coat sleeve. Near miss that one.”
White light filters into the church through the apertures between sculpted pillars, under entryway arches, and through the glass windowpanes of the church, emanating from the cloud cover overhead. The foreground is populated with a few integral figures, amongst them the priest and the groom.
“Please,” Sherlock scoffs at the laughable idea, “Don’t you know me? Do I strike you as that kind of
"What good will reporting it do?" Sherlock retorts, "She has leverage over everyone at Scotland Yard."
“Did you want to let me in on what those are?” she asks as they walk up together, uniforms beautifully matching and glinting against the eerie, foggy backdrop, shoes scaling the slight incline of the quietly vibrant white steps in unison.
"What?" he fumbles, "Of course not." Sherlock groans internally at his idiocy and returns his attentions to Lestrade.
"So you've decided to have your way with it," he says, in summary, with all the morally reprehensible implications.
John almost takes a moment to face-palm, but thinks better of it. “You blow my mind, Sherlock- Really, I don’t know what you want me to say, other than nothing you're saying is making sense or even the slightest bit true and that there’s nothing remarkable about my hand!” he maintains desperately.
Then he wakes up again, coming to with sunlight is peaking through his eyelids. His eyes blink open and he shields his eyes with his arm, pupils contracting in the blaze of high noon. He sits up and sees that he still has two legs, though his left pant leg is torn into rows of welts, consistent with a shark bite. A very gentle shark bite. Either it was being considerate or it got interrupted.
"Damn it, Sherlock, would you at least listen?" John asks after him, but Sherlock has left him to his machinations, disinterested in what else he has to say.
Then the sensation spikes again as her hand travels to his leg under the table. He tries to clamp down on the rising panic in an effort to maintain some semblance of control. He schools his thoughts, telling himself to focus on the board, that he can still salvage his fallen pieces and finish the game.
As he’s ascending the stairs, there are all kinds of alarms that should be sounding, telling him that it’s bad, that it’s dangerous, that he shouldn’t. But it’s pin drop silent. There’s only that old, dogged command from brain stem to foot, that tells him to take another step.
He starts gleaning through the nearby flora, composed namely of out-fanning palm trees and dense shrubbery. He garners several dead and dormant shrubs, a bundle of shattered bark planks, and a few splinters. He treads back and forth between the shore and the forested terrain until, having expended most of the nearby material, he returns to the beach.
"Midlife crisis, I imagine," Sherlock shrugs innocently, licking his fingertips and carding through his loose-leaf case files again. Yes, he'd brought them downstairs with him.
," he says, explicitly, "I have to watch as you slowly piece together that I am not the undefeatable, invincible man you make me out to be in your blog."
falling to the floor. She picks up the volume and slowly slides it back in place, leaving them inches apart. She watches him swallow, his throat dry, silently chiding himself at the way his stomach turns.
“I didn’t put ricin in it. John would be cross if I put ricin in it,” Sherlock says, fidgety, eyes glued to the jam, having taken a sudden interest in the picnic blanket-pattern of its cap. He briefly wonders what jam might taste like anyway, if John’s so head-over-hells for it.
"I dread to think what would happen if he discovered my little pet crush on him, Mary. So much so that I hardly know what to do with myself. Help me, Mary.”
It’s the one snag holding him back, the one link in the chain that’s missing. His logic has to be ironclad to convince Scotland Yard of any of this, given that idea that a female suspect was responsible for the rape-homicides of countless male victims had been met with skepticism at best. The limited and biased imaginations of the yard been a thorn in his side since the beginning, not to mention all the political corruption hindering the investigation.
Sherlock looks the deceased over for any indication of poisoning or foul play. When his scouring search turns up none so much as a pin prick, he leans back on his heels in resignation. He stands up over the eighth body they've encountered in not even so many as days on the case, looking conflicted. John himself is conflicted too, and when the tox screen reveals he had died of myocardial infarction his feelings are confirmed that this was something he could have prevented.
” Sherlock bursts out of the urban density, and John retracts in surprise. He’s just a blur of cape and dark hair at this height, running out on to the pavement just below, his hero. If John were to step over now, he’d probably kill them both.
When Sherlock finally does say something, it's "The ratio of the second and forth fingers on the strangle marks- it's off," which seems to make little sense to anyone other than himself.
? Really?” John asks, bemusedly irritated, “When did you decide on that? In the four hours I went to work?” He asks with lofty, casual pleasantness.
“John stop it!” John turns and sees Molly in the hallway, teary-eyed. There's a basket case for you. How anyone could still love a man after witnessing first hand his severely flawed personality is a mystery in itself.
John hesitates taking it, considering he’s a little preoccupied at the moment. He’s a hair’s breadth away from sparing himself a life’s worth of monotonous, pointless suffering, and he’s not likely to get another chance at that after well.. after all this. But he can’t bring himself to touch his thumb to the ‘reject call’ icon, for obvious reasons- the uncanny likeness to that singular, fatal moment around which his life revolves like a plastic pinwheel.
Sherlock, John, and Mary are sitting in front of the telly, watching the disputed events of ten years prior play out before their eyes. They run through the footage with unwavering concentration, until it finally breaks into static. John sets the tape on rewind with the VCR remote. Silence spans indefinitely as the tape runs skittishly backwards, until Sherlock eventually breaks it.
Everyone within viewing radius is dancing traditional waltz. Her eyes pan over the room and finally come to a rest on Nigel dancing with Mrs. Davenport, where the nagging dread in the back of her skull escalates into full-blown panic.
“Sherlock, shut up,” he chirps with a carefully delineated margin of tolerance, but the damage is done. Mary is looking at John in abject horror.
“What for? It’s entirely his fault if he wants to be a jerk, not yours," she replies a little too harshly, then checks herself and resumes listlessly, " Forget him. It’s better he isn’t here.”
"Say, John, you don't actually like this guy, do you?" Anderson asks John suspiciously, arms crossed. John rolls his eyes, aghast. Not this again. "I'm not a homophobe, really. It's just- him? Really?"
John swallows, knowing he shouldn't go there, shouldn't let himself buy into the obvious tricks she was playing on him. He knows full well he is going to regret what he's about to ask, indulging in the false and impossible. "She told me that she could fix him."
John is so far beyond words right now. He can barely hear himself think with his pulse hammering in his head like this.
“Please,” he breathes in a soft, pleading tone, leaning an elbow onto the table and raking his fingers into his long hair. Is so sweet he can’t even bring himself to say something that sounds more like refusal.
His gaze narrows on her skeptically. They’re in the lounge billiard room. She has the option of choosing any game to her liking- she couldn’t have picked something she had more of a chance of winning, say, pool, darts, or cards? It cannot escape her that her choice in game has given him a clear advantage.
The blood has drained from his face. He feels himself slipping, just barely able to keep his head above. His blueish, parted lips are just barely over the waterline, vying for oxygen, and his eyelashes are closed tight, willing the pounding reverberations to stop.
to the end of that sentence. His whole body goes cold. It feels like lead in his heart when he realizes she just beat him- the statistically impossible just happened; a freak incident he has no means of rationalizing or making sense of.
Her unmistakable eyes blaze back at him, seeming to enjoy the wash of transparent emotions that play over his face. He supposes he shouldn't be surprised to find her here, where the forces of government secretly congregate and interlock. For those looking to insinuate themselves into the annals of power there’s really no better place to be. He tries to repress his strong distaste of the way her gaze cuts right through him - like how one would look at plaything-- like he's something for sport, for amusement.
"You can fix him can't you?" he asks, hating the dreadful way the audacious question hangs in the air, vainly hopeful and implausible.
“Because I couldn’t recall if I had already!” John blurts out, trying to recall the reasoning behind his auto-piloted, and frankly, unimportant, actions this morning, “So I rinsed again in case I hadn’t; but thank you, now I know that I ,
John’s back hits the wall on instinct as several bullets ricochet down the tunnel. When he looks at Eurus, he sees she appears to have dodged the bullets by chanting her head to the side. There’s something about her that's decidedly not natural.
Sherlock catches her seated on the floor by the beside, face-planted into the duvet, arms crossed in front of her over the linens. She has finished getting dressed, as what Sherlock was likely waiting for, in an embroidered, iridescent-beige wedding dress. Her flaxen, shoulder-length hair interweaves with the wrinkles in the bedclothes and shields her face from view.
A knock sounds on their living room door, and John discards his paper, hauling himself up to get it. Mary is standing in the threshold, now in slacks instead of a dress as per her usual preference, and a green trench coat. “Oh thank god,” he sighs with relief, “She’s back.”
Sherlock sits motionlessly in his arms, eyes distant and detached, fondling a pull string at the corner of John’s jumper.
“So are you the other one, then?” Sherlock returns out of curiosity, arms crossed and perfectly poised. The remark seems to baffle the youth.
“He’s not going,” she says blandly, head leaning on his shoulder, the weight of her back against his forearm.
"Here's an idea. Why don't you go do your job, and I'll do mine?" John smiles with the patience of a saint, giving Anderson his blessing to get on with his forensic analysis or whatever he supposedly does and leave them be.
"Look, the lovers are back," Sally greets them cheerfully, looking up from her paperwork as they walk in.
“And what was this for?” John retorts with brusque inertia, the words quietly forming an accusative, raging
He covers the foliage with the heavier material to avoid it blowing away in the ocean breeze. Then, with a quick once-over on the ocean again, he sees the surface has adopted a translucent turquoise sheen under the daytime and vanishing cloud cover, and notes a few gulls flying high in troposphere, disinterested in his minuscule island of death.
, in fact, already done so—“ he elaborates, then realizes how stupid unnecessary the explanation is, “Dammit what does any of that have to do with—“ he gnashes his teeth, swallowing his anger, then resumes composedly, “I literally cannot fathom what possible relevance
You think so?   John’s expression blinks wordlessly. He rights himself, shifting his body upright again so his hold softens, kindly relieving Sherlock of his death grip.
Mary notices the mounting danger in John’s eyes and intervenes. “Alright! Alright, I believe you,” Mary steps in between the two of them, looking amused. “No violence. Violence is bad,” she tells the father more prone to violence, keeping him back with a hand.
John shudders a sigh, completely convinced his mind is playing tricks on him now. A sane man knows talking water doesn’t exist. “Stop talking.”
Lifting a faint, vanilla scent into the air, the wind rustles the flowers at Sherlock's grave, which John decides have outstayed their welcome and trashes thoroughly with his boot. Someone behind him starts laughing.
Unaware of the proceedings occuring in the game room, John and Mycroft are continuing their conversation not more than ten feet away.
“Good morning John,” Sherlock beams, suddenly sunny in disposition. Mary blinks at John from over Sherlock’s shoulder miraculously.
It occurs to him that he's stalled and she's waiting for his move. Realizing it's his turn, quickly he returns his attentions to the game, rearranging his pieces to entrap her elusive queen.
The smile is no longer present on her face and he recognizes hers as the look of the woman who would kill all those people. "Yes, I'm well aware," she says boredly, "I was there."
"Come on, what was he doing when you left? He was up to no good am I right?" Sally tsks. John doesn't really know how to respond to that. Teaching him about the vices of spider sex probably classifies as not good.
“If you’ll excuse us?” he inquires with a beautiful smile indistinguishable from a genuine one, placing a hand on Mary’s shoulder and disappearing into the archway entrance along side her.
"Stand up," the man says, this time in English, addressing him. Not wanting to become likewise eviscerated, the soldier braces his invalidated arm and struggles to his feet. The nobleman turns and bids him to follow, but the soldier only makes it a few paces before his knees buckle from under him and he hits the ground. The man turns around, hearing him collapse, and looks him over, seeing that he's not in any condition to walk.
It’s the first thing he’s said since he got up at the crack of dawn, pacing back and forth along the carpet like he can't stand not being in two places at once. His shoes make clicking sounds as they stride over the hardwood floor.
"I thought it should be obvious by now that he loved you more than he loved life," she says in bored monotone.
Located on the far left periphery, John, armed with his friendly aid the champagne glass, glares with equal ammunition at the priest. The glass, on second thought, is perhaps not so friendly because it has done nothing to curb his pained suffering, and has rather exacerbated it by the look of things. His expression, tight-jawed and menacingly humourless, demands tiredly, impatiently, and plainly of the priest,
“There was a body that came in yesterday. It should be here—“ he says distractedly, searching the examination room for something he might have missed. He turns around like a dog chasing its tail, the mirror-like walls, cabinets, and tables scintillating and sterile, revealing nothing to him other than his own reflection.
Mary looks flatly at him, unamused. Apparently he’s resorted to sarcasm, the classic form of deflection.
He takes Sherlock's head gingerly in his hands. At first he just wants him not to be scared to death as he is, and then he's lost track of what he's doing in the mess of emotions. Whether he's holding him or kissing him or the breaking the rules on what-men-are-supposed-to-do-if-they-are-NOT-GAY he has no idea. Probably all of the above.
Or perhaps it proliferates, becomes too blatant to ignore, like that large, white elephant, audience member of one, sitting all sophisticated and in its element over there by the lamp shade and window sill and displaced breakfast table.
Sherlock’s eyes jump to the ground, where he has made a misstep severe enough to set himself temporarily off-balance. He realizes that he’s stumbled, as a result of not paying attention, and is teetering on the proverbial ledge, about to
The proposition is not ideal, but at the same time, not entirely surprising either. He weighs it in his mind but ultimately stops thinking of the consequences, completely reeled in, where all the other threads have been completely worked out, by the promise of that final, nagging piece of the puzzle.
“Don’t be stupid," Sherlock snaps in an odd duality of harshness and fondness, "I am not a figment of your imagination and you know it because you love me, not the monsters in your head. You know it because you
John sips a half-glass of gold wine, and decides on a bored whim to seek out their voices. He stalks off toward the hall, taking full-length, militaristic strides. He turns a corner and proceeds down a corridor parallel to the length of the ballroom. As he proceeds, the voices grow louder, occasionally waving in and out as though they are in sinusoidal motion.
“I'm not-“ Sherlock snaps around, ready to inflict some select words on whoever dare suggest he’d act upon trust issues or insecurities or jealous compulsions more befitting a snubbed ex-girlfriend.
Glancing into the rooms as he passes by, he gets a weird area 51 feeling- there are racks and racks of corpses. What the hell is Sherlock doing in a giant mortuary like this?
Sherlock looks a little puzzled at the gesture, but then brushes it off with a harmless "Afterward, John. I'll be all yours."
Sherlock's eyes won't meet his. Instead, he bites his tongue and brushes past John toward the isolation of his room.
"Because I'm terrified of losing you," he snaps. The words sort of tumble out, unintended, and he realizes his mistake too late, immediately regretting blurting that out. John blinks at him in surprise for a moment, then a sad, half-hearted smile tugs at the edge of his mouth.
John grimaces, eyes closed, brain hurting. He cocks his head to the side against the tension in his neck, and rests his head wearily against his fingers. “Sherlock you really should've thought of this
They make no motion to attack, daunted by the sudden, single-handed slaughter of the rest of their troop, right in the middle of the supposed safety of their camp, no less. When they train on him, the soldier realizes he recognizes those silver eyes from that night at the tavern and a tremor of dread runs through him. The soldier takes in the destruction he's wrecked and the shell casings of all of the bullets that should have riddled him. His breath quickens at the thought of his impending death at the hands of this immortalized apparition, more monster than man.
“Adler has proven… difficult to extricate," Mycroft explains, sorry to be the bearer of bad news, "She's got a number of high-ranking officials in parliament as well as the chief superintendent under her thumb, which is why I presume you've encountered some... difficulties."
Sherlock looks at him undeferentially. "You can't," he says, watching that knowledge sink in, confirming itself in John's eyes.
A week and half later, the infantry is called upon as reinforcements to stage a large frontal assault near the coal-mining village of Loos. The attempt to gain ground on the western front fails and they suffer heavy casualties. The soldier watches as the regiment falls into chaos and his comrades are felled in the midst of the foray, one by one. It's not long before he, too, takes a shot to the shoulder and falls to the ground, gun powder and ash settling all around. What trees and brush there were have been leveled, the earth torn up by grenades and land mine explosions.
John takes his arm as he tries to follow her out, which is as inexplicable as it is problematic because in that instant she slips out the doorway, disappearing from view. "Sherlock what the hell are you doing-?"
“Come on, sport,” he says, traversing the monotone, light-bleached room to close the drafty window facing the street, “If we’re late, they’ll assume you opted out and bail.”
It's John's turn to be silent and without words, feeling his jaw go slack. He's nothing short of amazed at how Sherlock's sheer strength dwarfs his own, how he can simply press <override> on everything she's done, but also dumbfounded at the idea
The tension, which Sherlock is valiantly trying his best to ignore, simply keeps mounting without reprieve. There's an ominous, insatiable hunger radiating from John that's genuinely concerning- the sort you find on the battlefield that supposedly happens on those 'bad days' that no one ever talks about- bloodlust.
Sure enough he is. The creature is posed on one of the mid-distant rocks, presiding over his actions with a sort of majestic nonchalance, arms leaning against basalt rock. Its tail is so long it curves over the edge of the platform and thumps idly against the side slope, mixing the water. John glances for a moment, then shakes his head, peeved with his treacherous brain. Gathering up the fragments of his crazed and delirious mind, he executively reverts his eyes to the task at hand and resolves to mind his own.
it deplores, and John grins back at him wickedly with mischievousness more befitting a schoolboy than an adult.
"Rather than tell you how I did it, how about I show you?" she offers and she feels a shiver run through him. He's barely able to hold his rampant, irrational panic in check at the words, yet he manages to look at her again, a herculean feat in itself.
Despite the obvious illogic of the two mutually exclusive conditions Sherlock has presented, his statement seems to make marvelous sense to Mary. It irritates John because ever since that day he told Mary they were married, Sherlock seems to get off on telling Mary all kinds of wack things, and she believes him because Sherlock is allegedly ‘always right’.
“Well, it wasn’t necessarily that she forgot,” Sherlock reluctantly admits, the implication being she intentionally left him in handcuffs, just to be cruel, or to demean or humiliate him or whatever it is dominatrixes do.
“It would seem both you and I have time to kill,” she says, in light of his leisure time activities (that is, hiding behind a curtain and spying on John).
"Obviously," he says, making John's jaw go slack. "Or does that bother you? Do I need your permission, captain?" he asks mockingly, walking away. "Oh, do close your mouth," he grouses, annoyed at the unadulterated look of shock on John's face, "I do things that offend your delicate moral sensitivities. I will never fit into the proper, normal box in your head. Get over it."
"Does this normally work on all the girls?" she asks, arching an eyebrow. Sherlock doesn't say anything, silently brimming with contentment, as if bemused by some inside joke.
John stares at the back of the head rest like he's contemplating ways to assassinate it before he gets up and joins Sherlock on the pavement, the wind picking up and rustling restlessly between them.
"What are you doing with her?" John demands, capturing his face in hand and locking eyes with him. The clear ferocity on his features is like a blot from the blue, his jaw set in a firm and unyielding line. No, John doesn’t back down when he gets like this, but normally he has his reasons, which entirely escape Sherlock at the moment. Sherlock's temper flares at how irrational John’s being- the absurdity of the question.
Anyway, so tragic how Sherlock got demoted. You know, I'm going to stop talking now because Sherlock is giving me a scary look. If you want the next chap pay me in kudos. bye
Is it possible that his mind is really so brittle, literally at the mercy of one fatal pressure point? To imagine that he could be so shaken by something so innocuous as a brushing of fingers or a touch on the leg.
"I guess that makes us both not normal," she says, discarding the file and its contents onto the tablecloth between them.
- or don't you get that?" John's eyebrows contort at Sherlock, who is making less and less sense as he goes on, "You're
He hears the rumble in its throat break out into a growl and feels the thin ice beneath him begin to crumble. His eyelids flutter closed and in the darkness he can hear his pulse hammering against his eardrums. A little voice in the back of his head starts canting prayers, what little sanity he has left exercising its brittle grip over the mounting panic threatening to break loose.
He ultimately gives John a flat-out categorical "no," with no further comment or explanation, and turns on his heel. To his credit, there's really no way he could have said it plainer than that.
“I’m sure you’ll patch it up. Tell her something encouraging- like there are plenty of fish in the sea.. or something,” he says awkwardly.
John hesitates for a moment at the sight of Sherlock demanding that he stop, juggling a number of emotions he wasn't entirely prepared for. He's somewhat horrified with himself- this was a lot easier to do in theory, when he was thinking it through in his head, than in practice.
The slow way it rises onto its forearms is decidedly feline and the lion-like resemblance doesn’t exactly help with the feeling like he’s on the wrong side of the fence at the zoo.
,” John clarifies, checking to see he’s hearing the detective correctly, “that you are not, after all, her father?”
He had to get her to make a mistake. He'd narrowed in on the perpetrator, now it was just a question of catching her. And there was only one kind of trap for this particular brand of criminal- he was looking at it in the mirror.
Eurus procures a taxi all the way from the cemetary in Totenham to an ominous-looking, abandoned warehouse in Battersea. Its fortified iron walls are not a welcoming sight, and if she wanted to kill him he imagines this would be the ideal place to do it. Of course if she really wanted to kill him, he’d probably already be dead.
When he meets Greg at the evidence locker, the inspector tries to remind him that he’s not his lapdog, which he is. Passing the meshed security gate, they turn on the lights to a dilapidated vault containing racks of boxes that have been collecting dust since 1997.
“Now, Mary," he chides her, "Are you really going to accuse me of joking when I’ve just poured my heart out to you?”
"Who does he think he is, Penguin?" John jabs sarcastically when they find themselves wading into the gaping mouth of a big, dark, ominous-looking sewer, at which point Sherlock has finally made up his mind.
“Gabriel?” he had said. There was something about the way he had recognized the interloper, as if in awe. Like he was a dead man walking, the specter of a friend he used to know.
Sherlock is gazing down at him with eyes that strangely seem to know more than they are letting on, holding back something he cannot say. "
"I can't leave John," Sherlock responds dully in response to John's unnerving display of blatancy. He swallows and looks down at his laces. John respectfully waits for him to finish, though Sherlock wishes he wouldn’t.
“Sherlock- what-” he stammers, confounded. There are a few spare moments where he tries to piece together what Sherlock is doing, with his hands around his shoulders and nose against his neck, but he’s interrupted.
Sherlock's hand has been left resting on middle C for a fraction of a minute too long, the note hovering in midair, unanswered. There's still something odd in the way Sherlock is looking at him, but Sherlock's eyes slide back to the piano before John can comment, rescuing the hanging note. If it was anyone, anyone but Sherlock, it would've been too weird to write off as normal, but it was Sherlock, and he was... really, really weird.
John's jaw clenches as Sherlock proceeds to walk past him in a carefully devised attire which he suspects is designed for the sole purpose of seducing her, at which point, something goes haywire in his brain and John, for lack of a better word,
He sits there, its fangs hovering above his neck, and counts the milliseconds, trying not to move or make a fatal error. He exhales slowly, trying to stop himself from acting out in an irrational way. He begins to wish it had just gotten it over with and instead of playing with him in this sort of cruel waiting game.
"This is not the time-" Whatever his unfathomable reasons are, John is seriously starting to interfere with his carefully laid plan. Sherlock starts forward but John impels him back against the wall in a stunning display of force, knocking the wind out of him and leaving him breathless. Sherlock gapes at him, thinking John is being completely absurd- Sherlock should be the one demanding explanations, not the other way around.
After a brief hiatus just long enough for it to grow bored, it tags him and drags him down again. John releases a frustrated scream, garbled by the water. He tears his foot away and it lets him struggle upward for a moment, before tugging him down again, and again, insidiously halving his progress, not making it fruitless, but maddeningly, unbearably slow. Each time, he feels like his heart is sinking in his chest. His lungs ache and contort with pain, his throat twisting with voiceless emotion.
“I’m sorry Dr. Watson, but that’s all I’m at liberty to disclose. If you’ll excuse me, I have several more autopsies to do today.”
Sherlock flinches at the accusatory and unnecessary assault on his senses, ears ringing. John had a keen talent for diplomatic discussion; it really shown through here.
It’s a beautiful day, despite the noise and congestion. It’s been a while since he looked up and saw the sun, not artificial LED lights.
It starts with the little things. A missing file, a mislabeled corpse. Trifles, little details apparently no one cares about but that are actually everything.
"It means between me and a bloody case, you care more about the case. You care more about the bloody work than anything else-" John snaps at him, unnecessarily hand-wavy and over-empatic, as he usually gets when Sherlock has done something heinously wrong. "Because that's what you're really married to, isn't it? Everything else is just an
“If I were in love with him, might I not say something like O brawling love, O loving hate, O any thing, of nothing first create,” he starts reciting Shakespeare. Mary considers throwing in the towel.
Looking up from admiring her own nails, she quirks a smile, "Honestly, who would believe such a thing?"
of it never having occurred to him as even possible. Sherlock just went from being ridiculous to absurd in 5 seconds flat.
“H-hey,” he says, catching the amphibian’s dull yellow gaze. “Hey. Hello,” he breathes with a weary smile, “You’re a.. another person. Oh thank God. I think I’m uh. Lost. Do you think you could help me out and point me in the direction of civilization, maybe one with a… phone?”
"Oh... Nothing," John says, which inevitably means something, something 'serious'. He's giving Sherlock with the 'test me, I dare you' smile. Sherlock is happy to oblige, having never been a man of caution.
John smiles in amusement and a pleasant sense of vindication, leaning forward to steal a glance at that unremarkable, unreadable face. It’s worthy of a headline, the scandalous Sherlock Holmes and his scathingly sharp tongue with nothing clever or stupefying to say. On the contrary, he’s intriguingly quiet, ‘being weird’ so to speak (atypically weird), which John almost finds cute, until he realises why he sees it that way; the numb, carefully blank line of mouth, the subtle elusion of eyes that won’t meet his, vaguely reminds him of some poor, dour schoolboy detained after-hours in the classroom, harbouring a borderline-painful crush on his teacher but unable to muster the courage to voice a confession that is, in any case, hopeless. John momentarily wonders why he made that association, or what that makes him in the analogy, but ultimately he feels a twinge of remorse for evoking that expression. Perhaps he’s crossed some sort of line there?
Mary lights up with bright, exuberant smile, at once feeling validated and victorious, but he skips past the blondes in favor of disappearing into the kitchen, leaving Mary confused as to what he’s doing. She listens to him shuffling through the cabinets until he reappears with a packet of PG tips in hand. He leans down with a hand on his hip and the teabag between his fingers, drawing her attention to the object, which is purely unremarkable, just your average overpriced bag of tea, wrapped in white filter paper and tapered to its classic pyramidal shape.
doesn't seem enough. His rapid shuffling in search of the rogue letter comes to a slow stop and he forgets completely about the post.
"You don't need a translation for that?" Sherlock smirks, poking fun at him for not being fluent in all languages on the planet.
John falls silent when it occurs to him that her influence surpasses that of the law, and likely runs deeper than any adversary they’ve encountered before her. The only solution would be to go over her head entirely. Chewing his lip, he chooses his next words as carefully as possible.  "Then we have to tell your brother," he says firmly. He stands at attention, squaring his shoulders.
"You were about to explain to me what the hell you were thinking," John says, his sense of entitlement seemingly without bounds. Irrespective of that sinister smile, anyone with eyes could tell you he's royally pissed.
He shifts up and flops back down, grunting at the recurring pain in his shoulder which seems to grow more vindictive by the hour, and wishes momentarily that he had some of the military grade morphine he used to hand out so liberally.
The human looks peaceful in death, with long, silky waves of greyish, sunlight-coloured hair that drift above his forehead. He has a guarded, reserved face—a square, set jaw that doesn’t give beneath the merperson’s touch, and trim lips that are flush with dusky pink colour, set against his overall deathly pallor.
“You would know, wouldn’t you?” John says as he wavers over the brink, wind breaking against him, no less bold nor sassy even in the face of death.
"That's a very convenient story. Do they just fall out of the sky, dead?" he asks, trying to infuse the comment with as much disinterest as possible.
“You don’t need my help to kill yourself, clearly,” John’s mouth turns into a cold, controlled, hard-pressed smile and the amusement on Sherlock’s face drops off, blood running cold. John’s fingers delve into the ligaments inside his knee, this time rubbing softly, massaging in circles. Sherlock shivers and immediately calms down, stance slackening a bit, his legs parting a touch wider. He knows to be good now, that he’s treading on thin ice.
He’s begun to feel the effects of delirium after being submerged underwater past the two-minute mark. There’s the recurring feeling he’s losing his grip of reality, that his mind is slipping away. His vision is eclipsed at the corners, zeroing in on the distortions of light dancing across the surface. Everything is losing its vividness. His memory starts to loop, trying to remember what it was he was reaching for. In the moments he does remember, it always seems to evade his grasp, falling just out of reach because of some move his assailant makes to overpower him. As he gasps for air, he finds himself coking on water instead, his fingers trying to pry away the strangle hold around his neck.
Sherlock is having difficulty following so she decides to spell it out for him. "Let me rephrase. Don't you think you should be running in the opposite direction?"
“You can try that face on John but not on me,” he says cleverly, smirking so that they mirror each other with two charmingly beautiful, sociopathic smiles.
"It could've been an accident," Rse says, "Just because he died doesn't mean he wasn't a sociopath."
“Even if I did remember,” Sherlock concedes, “hearsay carries very little weight in an investigation, John. Even you can appreciate that—”
“No?” Sherlock asks, perplexed by John’s curious behavior. The doctor is standing in the doorway, clenching his fists and staring fixedly at the ground.
you?!" John repeats in a fit of inclement rage, for which he would later express his sympathies to the neighbors, "Okay, full stop. She didn't best you, she
John sends out another text, wondering why Sherlock isn't responding. Normally he's good about texting, but sometimes Sherlock ignores him in favor of ‘greater intellectual pursuits' such as his 'Nobel-winning research on ash' (which John is of the opinion is really something of a byproduct of his addiction and an over-obsessive mind), or simply because the devil is bored and likes to impishly scroll through John's demands for his attention without acknowledging them-- which is never appreciated, particularly when John has legitimate concerns.
“I thought you just said she was still on sex holiday!” Sherlock hollers from the kitchen. John visibly cringes, hair standing up on end. But it occurs to him that Mary is supposed to be on said holiday.
Sherlock grins as he saunters into the restaurant on the Strand where he and the woman are meant to rendezvous, thinking that with any luck, he'll have his serial killer by close of business day today. He takes his seat at the table reserved for them near a panoramic window showcasing the Thames, and waits to see if his killer will show. It's a shame he couldn't bring John along for it, (but from what he understands, dates are intended for two people and not three).
“You think I am no longer capable of seeing this though, is that it?" he demands with vulnerable undertones of despair mixed with rage, "For once, I've finally met my match. I've been defeated. I've
She looks unconvinced, tilting her head as she asks, “But don’t you have magical pixy horses with John?” Sherlock is trying to pull off a proper-sounding scale when the bow scampers off center on the strings.
John advances until he meets a final corner that redirects him toward the ballroom again. As he rounds the bend, he can see glimpses Sherlock and Mary through a doorframe several paces ahead, dancing together at the far periphery of the crowd. Sherlock’s broad-shouldered, open-chested posture is prideful and robust, accentuated by the lines of his suit. His long strides span the floor in graceful, deft motion, with a swiftness that ostentatiously brandishes the meticulousness and acuity of mind behind it. His feet take on various, fine-tuned, outcast angles as he steps, glossy, black dress shoes on mahogany. The synchrony is unerringly beautiful-- it's art. He’s completely absorbed by his daughter, whose satin gown whirls at his guidance, spiraling as he turns them round. And then they stumble.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” Molly interrupts, just as Sherlock is about to completely lose his temper and start dumping bodies in the furnace.
"Sherlock-!" John remonstrates him, pinning him to the ground and trying to get him to come to his senses. His chest is heaving, his dark hair mussed and his fair skin burnt from the carpet's abrasion, as if someone struck a match against it. Then he becomes all smoothness and composure, the change is disconcerting.
Her thumb strays onto his lower lip and his breath catches. Hardly able to comprehend her complete disregard for boundaries, he bows his head and recoils from the touch. He releases an embarrassed scoff, almost disbelieving of her gall.
“ He is. It’s certainly not a bad way to go, wondering if it were a flavor whether Sherlock's voice would be red velvet or dark chocolate.
“Problem?” Sherlock ventures inquiringly in response to the overt confusion on the adolescent’s face.
Mrs. Davenport makes a beeline for the alcohol, which was brought out early, given the excruciating circumstances of the wedding, and John follows suit. As Ms. Davernport passes them she eyes Mary with unbridled indignation, nostrils a-flare, jaw screwed taught, shoulders visibly tense. Mary regards her vitriolic glare with comical innocence.
“Oh come on, you don’t have to be shy John Hamish Watson,” she says, pulling him to his feet. She read his clipboard. She knows exactly what buttons to press. “It’s two tube stops over on the Central line. No one will miss us.”
It yanks and tears at his heart strings, hearing that plain and simple fact laid bare. The one thing he knows all to well but can't bring himself to accept.
“I think I’d prefer to choke to death,” Sherlock drawls lamely at the broccoli, fork distrustfully nudging it away, “Think you could help a fellow out?” Sherlock asks John playfully, employing kinky sexual innuendo tactics now, it seems.
Yes, it's come to this. He's betting on whether Sherlock dies or lives on this episode of Sherlock's flair for the dramatic. He wasn't always like this. He was a nice man, once. "Seventy."
“Unless you want the person you love the most to suffer like you are, unless you want to put that on them—” Sherlock warns him, kneeling down to eye level.
'Is it possible to fall over when you’re already fallen over, because that's very much what this feels like' is the question circling John’s reeling head. He looks momentarily fazed, unsuspecting, world-shaken, but, on second thought, he’s really not. He smirks.
The sickening realization occurs to him how the tables have turned, how she has him exactly where she wants him, how in one fell swoop the odds have been evened. She'd never intended to walk into Scotland Yard and divulge the details of her crimes.
“So you’re aware of it, then. The… de ja vu,” he says playfully, like he's finally gone off the bend.
Who was the final A? He can’t afford not to know now. The full picture is coming into focus and it's too dangerous not to follow up on.
He returns to his flat with a wet cat look on his face that sends the alarmed Mrs. Hudson scuttling away. Upon entering his flat, he sheds his blazer and whips off the necktie that’d been irritating him since this morning, throwing it on the backrest of the desk chair as like it’s something out of a thrift store dumpster and not Prada. It’s as he’s unbuttoning his collar that he catches a glance of himself in the hallway mirror. He rings his fingers around his throat, taking stock of the bruising around his neck. The imprints are particularly intriguing to see on himself- the classic sort of markings you see immortalized on the corpses of cut-and-dry murder cases.
"I know it’s a stunt because sociopaths don't jump in front of bullets for people,” John explains, “They only do it because they've seen it on TV and think its trendy."
The spatula clatters on the counter top. John’s mind hitches, unable to locate the words, formulate basic English. It just starts unwinding reels and reels of nonsensical gibberish, spinning out of control.
"What are you doing with Mycroft?" Sherlock retorts, his outrage catching John off guard. Sherlock rarely lets his emotions out of the doghouse, but John's really being too much, driving him up the wall with his fair-weather loyalty and his constantly-changing taste in Holmes brothers based on who's most convenient. He seizes the opportunity to fly past John while he's taken aback by the outburst.
"Your decisions are your own, John. I fail to see how I can be held responsible for them. After all, this was your brilliant idea, was it not? Solving everything with your fists is your specialty not mine and
John moves him to settee and is about to undo his collar when Sherlock does something that makes him stop short. He flinches from John's touch. John freezes.
John sighs in defeat and heads to the door. Mary and Sherlock follow, but then he turns around, hand on the knob.
Seated beside him on the sofa, he’s leaning on one arm as he gazes idly at John, his head canted to the side and absorbed in thought. He’s never kissed anyone before as far as he can recall*, which is not saying much, nonetheless he wonders what it’s like.
He immediately stops the train of thought in its tracks when he discovers what he’s thinking about and grows annoyed with himself, realizing he’s become enchanted by the ridiculous notion Mary’s planted in his head.
"Well then, do with me what you want. I can't stop you," he says matter-of-factly, "My vainglorious intellect, with all of its powers, won't help me here."
The amphibian lays his head on the cool grain and watches his hard-earned cadaver, the drying wind twitching in its sun-bleached hair. Amidst the sultry heatwaves and the incredible stroke of luck, the merperson begins to feel like the derelict figure before him is a mirage, a little too good to be true.
. If you cannot not satisfy that simple condition, no matter what you do, you will never be their father,” Sherlock replies with the dispassionate boredom one might read a dictionary with, because that’s essentially what he’s doing.
“Wait, Sherlock—” John stammers as the brunet excuses himself and heads toward the bedroom. “Where do you think you’re going?” He asks, peaking around the corner of the hallway Sherlock vanished into, “Whatever’s happened to your back you can’t fix it by yourself.”
Mary tackles and rams the Nigel into the floor with such violence the sound of collision makes Sherlock wince. With no alternative mode of action available to him, Sherlock is ultimately reduced to standing idly behind the wire fence and forced to watch the proceedings helplessly, hands in his pockets, unbudging.
Seemingly in the interest of proving Mary wrong, Sherlock weathers on, sounding jarringly black-hearted and broken-hearted at the same time, until the two tonalities reconcile at the last note. “
"Yes!" he says exasperatedly, but this does not seem to appease John. In fact, it does the opposite.
"You can't.. you can't still like her, can you?" John asks. Sherlock detects a note of angst in his voice, that and something else he can't quite identify. He can make no conclusions as to what John is thinking in saying that, only that he needs to get his head checked if he thinks Sherlock would let
Much to John's alarm, Sherlock touches the sample to his tongue. They haven't yet ID'ed the body and have no idea of the victim's medical history- he sees the endless list of life-threatening pathogens Sherlock's just exposed himself to fly before his eyes.
"Well, as you know he was on life support, so not on the whole, dead, just legally dead. Instead of pulling the plug or letting his condition deteriorate, we had him preserved."
"What?" John breathes a shallow, tenuous, glassy breath he didn't realize he was holding. Sherlock's comment leaves him confused but hesitant to question it, like he's walking on eggshells.
“Well, she has a point,” Sherlock confesses, “I seem to be fulfilling the job description without having been granted the title.”
" John nearly jumps out of his skin. Sherlock makes no motion on his part, staring wordlessly at some fixed point in space. "What are you doing sitting around in the dark?" John asks, once he's fully recovered from the initial scare Sherlock has given him. Sherlock seems to have managed to sit so miraculously still and motionless so as to evade even John's notice, who by default is always wary of his surroundings sometimes even to a paranoid extent, particularly in the dark.
They're arguing. Sherlock is arguing with Mary. Either they are both hallucinations or Sherlock... is not.
John looks at her quizzically; a minute squint under delving eyebrows, a polite, slightly slanted smile on his lips, and a slight tilt of the head so that his hazel gaze becomes sidelong in indication he doesn’t quite follow. Two of what? What does it matter if they're in a church? Did Sherlock say something sacrilegious to make her think both Sherlock and he are atheists or something?
"John, maybe you should stay back, you know, considering your condition?" he says uncertainly as he's collecting his coat.
“Sherlock, have you paid the rent?” he asks as they pass Sherlock on the way to the kitchen. Sherlock is unresponsive, rubbing his aligned forefingers against his open but silent mouth, so John turns to his young companion in quick succession. “Did he pay the rent?”
He returns John's expression of relief with a burdened, heated glare that takes John completely by surprise, something hateful, insufferable, like jealousy written all over it. "I would think you've mortified me enough haven't you?" he demands with an alarming amount of vehemence, as if he's the object of some cruel joke- although John feels a bit off-set by that and can't help but feel like he's the one who should feel embarrassed-- after what he just said? Sherlock turns his back, obscuring his face so that John can't see whatever weakness it may betray.
Oh right, about that.. perhaps he should explain. It's not exactly one of his proudest moments. Around the seventeenth time Sherlock had wound up in the ICU, it had gone something like...
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. John huffs and looks at him, in awe of how, with just one effortless look, he can reduce everything he'd planned to say into cat-caught tongues and white noise.
John Watson                                  Sherlock Holmes                                 Mary Watson-Holmes
Before he can stop himself from asking, it's out there. "What did she do to you?" So much for treading lightly.
“Looks like you got into a bit of a..” John vaguely indicates his partner’s state of disarray, “skirmish.”
"It all seems rather... self explanatory," she reasons, her hand forcing his still where it was distractedly playing at the stem of his glass. He glances at where her hand has arrested his, then returns his attention to her, their lips under the constant threat of touching. He evades her advances and struggles to get back on topic.
His mind is racing, grasping a straws, “What was.. what was that thing you said about friends and bridges and the the jumping off?”
"I meant it- what I said," John offers softly, not exactly proud of it, but part of him wants to say it out loud anyway, feeling warmth rise on his cheeks at the acknowledgement.  "You must know it, too. I think you enjoy it, how I-" He loses his voice for a moment and clears his throat, "I think of you
from pain during shark lunch hour. He remembers the way it's head fell so indolent and entrusting against his shoulder, wanting for breath. He’d never encountered an animal so poorly designed- how it had not been wiped out by natural selection already was a marvel.
, you said. Your words, not mine," she says in her defense, absolving herself of any culpability in the matter.
John's fingers bite into the edge of the sofa, feeling something irksome and untamable rise in his chest. "We can't just let her get away with-"
"Just trying to see if I can make you trip," Mary informs him cheekily, though her hazel expression is completely innocent.
His recovery is quick and the touch seemingly harmless, but it appears it was just an experimental touch. It comes back around his leg and a spark of shock runs up his spine. He flinches violently with a splash, before it’s dragging him down again, several feet.
Sherlock stiffens, irises contracting as though he's been unceremoniously stabbed, "I beg your pardon?” Sherlock demands with a vengeance, rolling over with a grip on the frame of the sofa, “Don’t be inane! I do not falsify facts to win over
“You’re enjoying this aren’t you?” John remarks at their adorable little digression, and they both look back to him with innocent, inquisitive eyes.
When Sherlock finally gets a hold of himself, he rights himself on all fours again so that he’s framing John on the floor, meeting John’s eyes with something of a more respectable composure. “Yes, but you wouldn’t drop me John.” he maintains, “That would be cruel.” He looks down at John, his eyes bright and brimming with amusement, his voice deep and destroyed like he’s just endured the worse kind of tickle torture. His appearance still looks tousled around the edges, his unbuttoned collar bent open, curls mussed appealingly, but he always looks a bit like chaos.
A startled yell, the sound of his own voice, fills his ears at the sudden moment of its darting forward. His scream is cut short by a shortage of breath, what feels like a choke hold or a knot in his chest. He braces himself, waiting for the moment of impact, but it never comes.
He glances again at the blank chat screen and prods the sleuth with another text, thinking maybe he ought to call him, but decides against it. He's probably just cross about John's impromptu run-in with Mycroft, which if he hasn't deduced already, he certainly will by the time John steps over the threshold-- and probably insist that John get himself checked for airborne STD's and whatever else Mycroft supposedly carries, John thinks with a sigh.
“No,” he replies, chin withdrawn. Decidedly not. Sherlock is practically beaming, never a good sign. John’s stomach flips watching the ungodly smirk play on his mouth. John would be a certain kind of idiot not to realize he’s in danger right now, but the problem is he’s a worse kind of idiot, the kind that
"No-" John says prohibitively, refusing to let him think that. His actual feelings have been so completely distorted, twisted, misinterpreted beyond recognition.
,” Sherlock declares vehemently in his baritone voice, “is that you’ve mentally reverted to a time when you ate high-cholesterol foods, i.e. your bachelor days, and that you subconsciously want to kiss someone."
“Why can’t other people know?” Mary’s voice contends for John’s focus, traveling down the confines of the cloister and its pilastered walls as the passage redirects to the mainroom. Slender windows that run along the corridor cast cold light against the canopy overhead. The ethereal, dissipating light filters down only halfway, creating a dim, haunted effect in contrast with the warm lighting emanating from cathedral centre.
As they travel back in a taxi, John stares daggers at Sherlock, who is sullenly watching the traffic pass by, his prey out there rejoicing in its freedom while he sulks in the back of a cab.
"And it's torture worse than anything she could do," he continues with dark, rueful shadows hanging over him. He steps back under the overhead lights, casting light on his tormented features. His eyes are burning like molten iron, and John has a very weak understanding of why so little of his rage is directed at
“Uh…” Nigel remains seated for a moment, looking dumbfounded and little ragged around the edges, before he scrambles to his feet and follows John toward the examination rooms.
"And how is the quest for Sherlock's lost remains treating you?" she asks him, having braced herself for today's dose of uncalled-for accusations and the emotional wreckage John tends leave in his wake. But it's John this time, that feels the blunt force of it.
"Oh, I'm sorry, am I boring you?" John asks, peeved. God forbid, Sherlock should ever find himself bored.
. Tell her that her girlfriend died somewhere in the process of being drowned, cut into potable pieces, and struck with a blunt object to the head, then meet me at the gate,” he says curtly then hangs up.
He seats himself back down beside Sherlock, so he doesn’t have to endure Sherlock’s sex stares a moment longer. Mary is on his right at the head of the table. Sherlock is playing with his food. John is rubbing his temple, staring at Sherlock play with his food. Sherlock smirks at the irate look on John’s face as he spirals his fork into noodles. John sourly regrets switching, because this side of the table is so much worse.
John looks away anxiously, brows knitted together, all his reservations playing on his face. “What if she hurts you again?”
"How you can even see anything in the mess is a marvel," John says, lighting the area with his Nokia while Sherlock extricates the patch. He holds it up to the light for John to read.
Three days later while they are seated across from each other at the living room table, Sherlock finally gives and lowers his newspaper, demanding to know "
“It’s not just Hudders. My friends think it, their moms and dads think it, even my teachers— even the principal— thinks it. Basically I’m just trying to understand how we became a family in first place without you knowing what everyone else seems to know.”
"I'd thought of you as a friend!" he rants against the hardwood, sounding so betrayed John falters. It's as if Sherlock had physically injected his hand with a stapler gun. When Sherlock falls forward with an unpleasant thud he feels as if something other than his own grip just broke. His heart lying in shambles like the glass littered all over the carpet, he can't even manage a 'Sherlock, you're being crazy' or a 'news flash, I'm not a rapist and if I was I think you'd know about it'. He reaches a hand out to comfort him, but Sherlock cringes from him. John's nails claw into the flesh of his palm, wanting to touch him so badly.
." John takes that to mean Sherlock has no idea what his rights are, if he thinks playing the violin is one of them. "My greatest mistake was letting that man become unelected Fuhrer of this country."
“It was my fault. It was all my fault,” he repeats, like his head-splitting headache will stop if he agrees with it.
"Mycroft always gets touchy when I come here," she explains, like it's the usual sibling rivalry stuff.
He looks into those knee-weakening eyes, the way they take you in and stop time like wormholes, the rings of iris such slippery slopes, like gravitational gradients skirting the precipice of the event horizon, the pitch-black and all-consuming vortexes of his pupils like the expanse beyond the point of no return, and feels suddenly fatalist, face-to-face with damnation, because he just knows.
"Why are you so intent on seeing Mycroft?" Sherlock retorts, forcefully civil and dangerously close to being not.
“Yep,” John decides, replacing his shirt and rolling back, “Sorry it looks like you’re going to be out for six weeks.” He clicks his pocket pen and beings to scroll on a prescription slip.
"Does this look like an accident to you?” John jabs his thumb in the direction they came, “It's all been carefully tactfully staged. Its practically cinematic," John says bitterly. Since there’s no point in trying to get back in, he turns and starts down the pavement.
He lets out a gasp and clutches his head. His skin is burning and his vision brightens, searing into his skull, which is strange, seeing he'd served himself a glass only as a ploy to draw her in, not to drink it. He pinches the bridge of his nose in exasperation. She must've drugged him.
She leaves him there, standing in the annex to the west wing, with busy bodies passing by, minding their business. John lifts a hand, bringing it to his cheek, processing what happened.
“He’s only human,” Sherlock remarks factually, directing his insight to the wall, “You can’t expect him to be perfect.”
Sherlock is trying to moderate his breathing, but whether it’s quickening from exhilaration or aggravation he can’t parse out.
John disinfects the wounds and bandages them. He’s wallowing in misery and berating himself for being an idiot for the entire duration of it. Horrible, deep-seated guilt overwhelms him at the thought Sherlock didn’t want to be seen by him in that state so badly- that he couldn't even let him know what was happening. If John hadn’t allowed him to feel that way this whole thing could have been prevented, the now-irreversible damage done, averted.
“Me?” he asks for clarification, just in case she meant the other person standing in the middle of the room, though it sounds more like
“God forbid he doesn’t return my feelings. I don’t know if I can take that kind of rejection.” he says sadly, with a a set of unconsolable eyes. He’s very good at acting, which naturally, sociopaths are. Mary looks exasperated beyond repair.
“Your father has had a painful history, more painful than mine, and still he, saved me from a worser one,” he tells her, trying to summarize it concisely and sensibly, “I am indebted to him.”
John stands frozen on the steps, letting that sink in. Sherlock is forgoing hunting down an at-large serial killer in favor of a date, with the woman. John grinds his molars together, watching him glide in and out the flat in fluid motions, sleek trousers and polished shoes. He doesn't know what to think about that, averting his eyes with mixed feelings. Of course, he's happy for him. It's good to see Sherlock with some zeal in his eyes for something other than a case for once, but did it have to be for her?
“Why didn’t you ask me to take them off?” John asks confused, bewildered even, and just a little annoyed at the absurdity that he nearly wore his wrists to the bone rather than ask for help.
What can it mean— it’s a stupid question. It can only mean there is something even closer: what lies in wait on the other side his pupils, where the light scatters across the back of his eyes, where the fibers combine into the ocular nerve and the wires cross in front of his brain, traversing to the back of his head. It’s not the kind of closer that naturally occurs to those who favor themselves fully intact and in one piece.
Mesmerized by the pair of them as they come into full view, John saunters forward until he comes to a still in the doorframe, light reddening the breast of his waistcoat, the mélange of grey and copper in his hair. He shifts his weight against the wall and watches, looking genuinely flummoxed at the sight of them.
John consoles himself by resuming his read on the drama over taxes. Time slinks idly by, Sherlock’s forensics glassware clinking in the kitchen, the skittish curtains rustling restlessly, and the front door opening and closing downstairs with a far-away, unnoticed thump.
Sherlock tsks. “You can’t make a deduction unsubstantiated by data, Mary, what’s the data,” he says, turning back to the window with his bow ready to sweep against the strings.
"I don't have time for this," Sherlock dismisses him, rising to his feet. And again, that dangerous cord is struck as he's heading toward the door, that line John cannot let him cross, even if John has to cross several lines himself.
wouldn't show. With the recent developments in the case, she had to know he'd be looking for her, thus making his motives suspect. She had a propensity for reading through him that was unmatched- yet somehow she didn't see past his odd timing for suddenly taking her up on her offer for dinner? Not that he was going to complain.
Well, of course he did, the whole exercise is a boundary crossing zig-zag. Come to think of it, he supposes slow-dancing the typically female role should send off all kinds of alarms and error messages in
Sherlock isn’t good at noticing when people are making fun of him, but he does know that when Mary uses John’s first name like he does, she’s psychoanalyzing him.
"You should let him go, John," she tells him matter-of-factly, then resumes her machinations to the tune of Vivaldi. The abandon with which she says that and returns to her violin burns, scorching cold.
“That would be too cruel a joke, even for me,” Sherlock says coyly with a self-satisfied smirk, stepping forward, Mary stepping back. A smile betrays her and the purportedly serious topic of conversation, flickering at the edges of her mouth.
"Lies. Excuses. Rationalizations to justify what you know you're doing is wrong," Sherlock says mercilessly, cutting everything into black and white with a bloody excato-knife the way he does. "Absolve yourself of any wrong doing- blame everyone else- it's the sort of twisted logic any perp would use, John. It's all so stereotypical it's yawn worthy-"
Sherlock's phone chimes as they're are walking back from the station. He stops, his thumbs hovering over the keyboard on his mobile.
John acts quickly, incapacitating Sherlock first so that he doesn't get in the way. He sweeps a foot under Sherlock's long legs and knocks him back. In quick succession, he turns on the enemy. He proceeds to wrestle the perp to the floor in a series of deft, powerful moves he learned in basic training and within 30 seconds the poor sod is out of commission on the floor, pleading surrender.
John has trouble sleeping. He's gotten used to the violin teetering away into odd hours of the morning and now he can't sleep without it. He forces himself to uncover his head with his pillow when he hears two sets of footsteps at the door, one staggery and reeking of intoxication. He tells himself he doesn't care that they came home together. But hearing her laugh flips a switch in him and suddenly he's on his feet, reaching for the door. But then he stops when he realizes what he's doing, or rather realizes he has no idea what he's doing. His hand rests on the door knob, threatening to twist it open, but it never actually does.
As he's washing his hands under the running water her hands wrap around his waist from behind. The gesture elicits a huff of surprise from him, even though he should have seen it coming a mile away- a testament to the state of distraction he's in.
"Then what on earth do we need him for?" Sherlock challenges. The question is softer now, but somehow even more resolute. John is about to open his mouth, but then there's a faint trace of a smirk on the corner of Sherlock's mouth that makes John's stomach flip. It occurs to him that the question was a rhetorical. While his smile is subtle, it's also breathtakingly daring and cocky and John doesn't trust himself to respond to it without botching up the words like an idiot.
Sherlock spares a glance at his grip on his sleeve and goes quiet. His chest is still heaving, but he looks as if John has appeased him, albeit has still caused him a great deal of suffering and grief.
"I don't know, yes?" John offers in confusion, feeling a little overwhelmed by his intensity. And just like that, his writer's block is lifted.
“What is ‘true love’ anyway?” the sociopath muses to himself as he draws forward, looking at John up through his eyelashes, “some kind of an… oxymoron?” he says, the words lagging behind, the tail end of a thought.
“Oh really? Do you wake up to a murder scene waiting to happen everyday?” Sherlock smirks at that. No, of course not. That would be too good to be true.
Sherlock is thinking, calculating, pressing his thin fingers against his temple. Then finally, after a solid minute of John sitting on the edge of his seat, he finally responds.
Sherlock smirks like he has all the aces, that and a whole separate deck up his sleeve because he’s a cheat.
“Do you ever grow weary of stating the obvious?” Sherlock inquires with a aloof edge to his voice, pouring himself his poison of choice.
Sherlock, taken aback by John's arresting expression, doesn't notice at first that she's escaping, reaching for the door.
“Oh,” he says softly, just noting the correction, purely casual, nondescript. Sherlock’s otherwise contained and easy-going in his arms, to his surprise, even when his digits accidently card through the line of curls at the nape of his neck, he stays perfectly still and doesn’t react.
"If I do this, you'll show me?" he asks, hating how much his voice wavers with indecision. He's vaguely aware of the odd sensation that she has him wrapped around her little finger, but dismisses it as unimportant.
“Are you really crying?” Sherlock enquires in amazement, rounding the bend of the mattress. The window-light reveals he is in formal attire, a dress shirt, sharply-cut, pleated navy trousers and black wingtips. “That’s not very English,” he tsks.
“Did someone die then?” he asks in the spirit of conversation, as though he doesn’t already know the answer, grinning ear to ear.
"After all, he only loves you because you outsmart your opponents. If you can't do that then, well, what are you?" His hands clench helplessly at his sides and her eyes flick immediately to the gesture. Then he becomes aware she's keeping track of all his tells, the tension of his shoulders, the defensive set of his jaw. Her gaze is trailing over him in appraisal, searching for any hint of vulnerability, like a shark sniffing for blood in the water. "Now that you've lost your luster, I wouldn't be surprised if his infatuation with you came to a screeching halt."
“How many times I’ve imagined you were there when you weren’t—“ John goes off, then stops sharply. He can't believe it's arguing with him about this, after acknowledging the fourth wall and that its not real.
John salvages the wood and turns back. Every time he pauses or takes a break on his journey back to the stock pile, his eyes drift curiously back to lion lounging on its pedestal. It calmly watches him back, green penetrating the darkness of its fringe, stark against its porcelain skin. What he finds so addicting to watch is something he can’t really isolate, it might be the concatenation of its eerie exotic features, fixated on him. It’s beautiful, horribly beautiful.
"On the contrary. I adore men. You are so fun to play with. It's fun to watch you think you're in control." She watches his reaction, cataloguing how he becomes nervous beneath the facade of his- the slight temperature rise of his skin, his subconscious picking up on the threat of danger in awkward, fleeting sensations he can't categorize. Criminals had always been to him what prey was to a predator, but now he's not entirely sure who is which. "But you don't actually want to be in control, do you?" she points out, lips against his ear. He turns to her sharply, the confusion legible on his face. He meets her eyes, searching them for her meaning. "Don't look so alarmed," she laughs. The patronization in her every gesture, remark, her very presence seems tactically designed to make him feel awkward and out of sorts.
“Is that my tea?” John whines, leering at the beverage clasped in Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock looks at John’s heartbroken expression and seems genuinely fazed.
“No,” Sherlock glares apathetically at the feeble attempt a joke, which, clearly, is in very poor taste. “I just don’t need to tell him. It’s not..”
It’s a remarkably peaceful morning in 221B with the dull ambient noise of traffic outside and a weak breeze drafting from the window, wafting in the vanilla curtains. John reposes on his armchair with lukewarm mug of tea on the coffee table, reading the morning standard when
He’s running up the staircase in his mind palace, past iron railings and marble floors. He bursts into the drawing room on the second floor, where he pulls out file cabinet with case files dating back to 2007. There, on October 9th, 2007, is a murder victim shot to death in a Battersea parking lot. In the case file is Anderson’s forensics report, portraying the splitting image of Alexander under the name of John Doe. Bullets recovered from the body indicate the murder weapon is a .44 Magnum Desert Eagle- the very same Gabriel was carrying.
Anderson is visibly infatuated with the woman, which John finds annoying until he wonders why he too isn't infatuated. It's not as though she's not attractive by his standards- or really anyone's with eyes.
He quickly runs out of ground and his back presses up against the wall. He falls against the bookshelf, a tome on the
, which, in retrospect, was not a smart thing to do when John was this angry. "Don't make me laugh. You'd never go through with it," he'd said, convinced that committing to a lifetime of grotesque experiments, unwarranted verbal abuse, and boredom-induced tantrums was too daunting an endeavour and too horrible a prospect for any rational human being to take on, which probably, for all intensive purposes, is true. His mistake, of course, had been that John wasn't thinking rationally. That Sherlock made him positively
. He has to ask her now. He needs nothing short of a legal, signed and dated confession to get anyone to believe him. "Does it always start like this?"
"You want to hit me," he baits him in that sultry baritone that makes John so confused because the words and the voice don't match, one alluring and the other barbaric, cruel and beautiful like the thorns on a rose, "So much for all those sappy convictions about how much you supposedly adore me."
John turns back to him, feeling sick to his stomach. There's something wincingly painful about imagining him when he was younger, knowing he wouldn't live to see past 30.
illicit lover dumped you last night, Sally," Sherlock offers his condolences, puncturing the inflated ballon that was her ego. John is semi-uncomfortable with the unspoken implication that has yet to be negated, seeing that his retort was more of a confirmation than a denial. "But then again, he was something of a prat."
John clambers up the stairs with Sherlock in tow, until they hit the second floor, which forms an outdoor quadrangle of flats that all look the same.
And then. The now-familiar sensation of something slithering implicatively along the arch of his foot races up his spine again, like electricity on a wire. A tenuous smile flickers on the edge of his mouth and he scoffs almost disbelievingly at the predictability of it. The pain dulls his awareness, renders him helpless, even makes him sink beyond his ability to rectify, so he’s fully confident he has no means of escape but isn’t as properly concerned as he might be.
Donning his blazer, John plods down the staircase and strides into the living room with a child in tow, skipping at his heels. John takes notice of Sherlock, lounging supine on the settee with his fingers steepled under his chin and staring at his latest object of fascination, the ceiling.
"Sherlock, you're here.. at four in the morning," Lestrade remarks, less than thrilled when Sherlock torpedoes into his office.
John can't prevent a grateful smile from spreading across his face. "Sherlock-" he says, rising to his feet and feeling like he wants to hug him, despite how he's probably made of thorns and razor blades and bear traps and liquid nitrogen and other sharp, pointy things..
Yes, he did say that. He'd said a lot of things. So many things and they were are all so dreadfully wrong. Hearing them again is as sobering as a punch in to the face.
"Suspect what?" John blinks, at which Sherlock grins fiendishly, apparently pleased by the comment, and goes on his merry way.
Still, a smile cracks on his face at the thought he might... what exactly? "What are you going to do with that?" he asks, intrigued.
"It stresses me out," Sherlock hisses in the manhole-spotted darkness, "What if you run out of ammo?"
John can’t stop staring at the two of them, replaying the memory in his head, and seeing Sherlock in the same spot doing the same thing twenty years later. It’s as though lightening has struck twice.
“well, he—“ Sherlock starts, then realizes it’s surprisingly not a question he has an immediate answer to. ”Hm…” he hums in thought.
“What d’you mean, why do we share a flat?" John replies monotonously, pouring the cereal into the bowl, "We’ve always shared a flat. It’s Sherlock. That’s what we do. We share a flat with him.”
And it seems, for a once, that John has pulled the rug from beneath Sherlock’s feet. The brunet looks as though John’s knocked the wind out of him, with shocked and crystal-clear eyes that portray a child innocence John hardly recognizes. But then he smiles, lithe lips closing and curving upward. His vibrant, sky-tinted irises gleam at John with underhand, devilish cleverness, his regal features resuming their constant, graceful, unerring mask of dissemblance.
"You know what she does, John. You’ve seen the bodies," Sherlock remarks with every effort to sound put-upon, making a show of how tiresome he finds the question.
“Ok. Listen. You remember your mother, don’t you?” John levels with her. She crosses her arms defiantly.
"What do you take me for, an imbecile?" he asks, not giving John the chance to confirm it, "Oh please, John save it. You just want to have me to yourself, for your own perverse purposes-" he's upset, cutting himself off and looking away.
,” Sherlock flares, coming onto his feet, “Really, I adore you, I think you’re a superlative example of a human being, but you really have confused yourself into a grievous state of error this time haven’t you.”
"You seem to have taken a keen interest in his death, given that he's a rapist," she says in response to his history lesson. Sherlock's eyes flit up again, then lower to the closeness of her mouth, lined with the classic shade of her lipstick. The color is a match to what he found on the victim, but the chemical composition? He would need a sample to test- She kisses him, catching him off guard. The force of it pushes him backward, making him release a noise of surprise. He freezes, his back rigid against the wall. Then he gives in to that ever-present desire to prove himself right and lets his eyes fall shut.
” the voice remarks in honest surprise. If only it were surprising. If only he were infallible- no perfect pressure point, no fatal Achilles heel. But judging by the appearance of the sheer dropoff where his toes end, it’s not the case is it?
So I just read the last chapter of this and... no. Turn around. You don't need this ok, you don't. You want a happy fic with lots of fluff right now. You do. Don't shake your head at me just do it.
His mouth feels dry by the time he returns to the beacon, but he ploughs past his canteen in interest of finding tinder downwind. He sees that the desert-scape gives way to eucalyptus and olive trees, not more than a quarter mile out across a shallow inlet. As he walks toward the waterline, he suddenly goes still.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at his nonsensical and irrelevant line of questioning. Why was he being annoying. Could he not reschedule his emotions to some other, more convenient date?
The words come out harsher than he'd imagined. Sherlock does a soft intake of breath and stiffens, and John realizes that he's gone a bit too far. But Sherlock keeps his face unaffected as stone, maintaining a facade of indifference. Rather than deign to respond, he doesn't broach the subject at all, but rather bows out of the conversation, aloof and miraculously unaffected as ever.
He remembers when he used to argue when people said things like that to him. Now it just seems stupid.
“Well since she was crying I thought I’d give her something to actually cry about,” he remarks as he moves between aisles. Greg gawks at him, which he nearly misses in the process of hunting down the rogue evidence box.
Sherlock drops his hand from where it's perched under his chin with a dramatic sweep. He doesn't know what John wants from him.
Sherlock leans in. “But you already knew that,” he whispers cleverly. Mary looks at him lamely, with an unimpressed glare that’s not quite so good as John’s, but still a good effort.
How strange. Even to him, it seems borderline irrational to go risking your life for a pet. He never would've thought Sherlock of all people could love something that much.
“Wait.” John had finally cracked, his voice broken, and Mycroft had turned, seeing his conflicted face.
He give up halfway through the pile and tosses it all under the hearth, generating a cathartic explosion of flame (some of them might have been cheques).
“Oh come on,” he sighs with his elbow braced against the leather, gazing down at John listlessly. “You can’t tell me I didn’t do it right.”
His eyes widen. She hadn't needed to touch his glass. In his eagerness to prove his theory, he'd made the fatal mistake of letting her kiss him- which had been a double edged sword. It hadn't occurred to him she'd poison him that way- he'd been too consumed with proving himself right. He tightens his hand where it's buried in his hair in fury. It was child's play- a cliche, even, and he'd fallen for it.
Sherlock lets out a strangled cry of frustration, then turns on his heel, returning to his machinations in the kitchen. John doesn’t want to know what he’s doing in there.
“Alright, alright, just shut up,” John joins their hands, realizing he’s making a scene of it and that not dancing in the middle of a ballroom would be much more awkward than dancing at this point. Sherlock looks surprised, like he wasn’t expecting his demonic wiles to actually work.
So you all have no idea what's happening, but please take a moment to comment or leave kudos for your writer and we will get back to this cliffhanger soon.
"You usually kill your victims promptly, typically within two to three hours," he says, trying not to sound impatient, “Why are you keeping me alive? What are you waiting for?” Is she toying with him? Either she's yanking his chain or she's actually enjoying this tedious game of cat-and-mouse- Well, she's laughing now, suggesting she's enjoying it quite a lot.
"Come on then, show yourself," he hollers to anyone within hearing radius. He knows he's here. He wouldn't miss a deliciously blockbuster moment like this, not with all his narcissistic tendencies.
"Please stop this," John says, knowing the way his voice sounds and not caring, "You don't have to do this. There are other ways-"
“Oh, come on. You can tell me. It can't be more embarrassing than how my flatmate broke his sternum.” John reviews the memory in his head with some consternation, “Or…tried to anyway."
I'm breaking the final part up into scenes because it's too long for me to do in one go. I get tired after about 1000 words. That last chap was a stretch. v.v also, if you want faster updates, do ask.
It crawls toward him, impossibly graceful and unhurried in its movements, and he fumbles like a poor insect caught in a web, digging his heels in and back-pedaling in the gravel, sand shunting in all directions.
“Your life must be a running nightmare,” says Sherlock, taking a sort of cruel delight in winding him up.
She takes his chin in hand and turns him to face her, eyes lingering lowly on his mouth. "How about we put that mouth of yours to better use?"
When John does not answer, his lips curve upward with mischief. He smirks and asks, tilting his head as if genuinely curious, "Am I seducing you too?" which if there was any question, is his intention, clearly.
Her eyes rove over him unapologetically as if she could undress him with a look. They not-very-subtly come to rest on his mouth.
Lestrade looks like Sherlock is trying to convince him the elves did it. "And she did all that, instead of switching his meds or killing him herself- why?"
.. really?” John asks, pleasantly surprised. He laughs weakly, realizing “come to bed” meant “I’m dragging you to bed”.
“Perhaps. It’s possible he feels that he’s being replaced. Or that he finds girlfriends are more amiable. I have no idea,” says Sherlock, pretending he has no idea.
“Or the sofa, if you must,” Sherlock says, as John finds himself being hauled toward the living room, “Go to sleep. I can make breakfast.”
“He’s never actually killed anyone has he?” Nigel whispers to Sherlock, as John treads down the entrance stairs.
"Okay, let's just... put it behind us. We're going to pretend it never happened. And it will never happen again. All in agreement?"
John leans back into his chair, turning away in a huff and resting his head on his hand in a grand gesture of “whatever.”
That was how he ended up in the Diogenes billiard room, glaring holes into the decorative, mauve curtain shielding him from view as he watched the two men converse in the lounge across the hall.
"Did you find something?" John asks when Sherlock draws out a scalpel he swiped from the ME office and kneels down to make an incision, exchanging his leather gloves with latex.
"It's not a 'casual visit'. It's work-" John has to halt him in his tracks then and there, holding out a hand to his chest. Again they come back to his initial reaction to the whole thing. No. No way.
“Because your domestic life must be oh-so-invigorating,” Sherlock drawls satirically and then smirks at the window, resting his head on a hand.
“Oh. Dr. Watson. What a surprise! We didn’t see you at the rehearsal dinner,” Mrs. Davenport remarked shrilly when she caught sight of John, masking her hysterics with feigned delight to see him.
He turns to glance at John and sees the look on John’s face. It's condemning. “Oh, don’t look like that,” he sighs tiredly and turns back to face the hall.
And Sherlock, he assumes, is stunned speechless simply because John has actually, literally, physically hoisted him over his shoulder, in all his intelligence and intellectual supremacy, like a light-weight child or girl.
"What are you getting at?" he asks his gaze narrow, crystal-blue, serpentine curls of dark fringe magnifying the sharpness of his features.
“What is he doing here, if he’s not my dad?” she demands, throwing a hand out toward Sherlock in indication,
"The only way he doesn't is if he isn't a sociopath, which I know for a fact he is. Trust me, I’ve got two murders and one psychotic homicidal sister to prove it."
"Would you hurt me, Sherlock?" He'd walked closer toward him, ignoring the coiled tension coursing through his counterpart.  "Would you really kill me, just to be with her?"
"Right," he concedes, returning his attention to the keys with no further comment. The narcissism, honestly. There was no cure for it, was there?
Sherlock blinks at him, seeing that John’s staring at him so intently. John steels himself and reaches for him, carefully this time, like Sherlock is wrapped in caution tape that says fragile. He breathes a sigh of relief he didn’t know he was holding back when Sherlock doesn’t recoil from him like before- when he finally manages to pull Sherlock's slender body completely into his arms. Blinking back the glassiness in his eyes, he turns toward Sherlock’s ear and presses a kiss against his dark hair.
" John hears Mary's voice though the receiver. She's amoungst the crowd of congregating onlookers spaced out behind Sherlock, trying to get the phone.
John contemplates the awkwardly-phased question with a thoughtful look at the ceiling, chewing his cheek. “Let’s aim for PG,” he decides with a confident smile.
"Anderson?" Lestrade says, asking Anderson to confirm since reading raw DNA analysis is not his territory, it's Anderson's.
Mycroft sighs. "Her reach extends well above me, John. I’m afraid almost nothing short of a governmental coup will be enough to rid London of her influence.”
the one who figured that out,” he tells him, unmoved, "If that is meant to deter me, that’s exactly the wrong way to go about it." John looks vaguely disturbed at how quickly that backfired.
John is so beside himself, he has no words. "You're lying. Take it back, Sherlock," he whispers. Sherlock irreverently tries to push him off, at which point John loses all restraint, slamming Sherlock's back against the floor. Sherlock chuckles.
“Subconsciously want to kiss someone? Seriously? Because of the Listerine?" he presents the question again, taking apart his logic with a sort of derisive rhetoricalness, "Are you listening to yourself, Sherlock? How on earth do you get that from
"On a date," Sherlock repeats smoothly, like it's nothing out of the ordinary, "With the woman. I'll be back late." He dips past John into the living room to collect his blazer from the coat stand, draping it over his arm.
"You were emotionally abused by your brother and you think you understand that, do you?" she enquires, completely out of the blue. He has no idea how she could have known that, something he'd never told anyone. What's worse is that it's true. The bedrock for all his convictions on the downfalls of emotion had been due to the influences of his brother, who had gone through the pains of proving it to him, the hard way.
"Mycroft brought him here to keep him safe," a voice echoes behind him, suddenly interrupting the pin-drop silence. It scares the living daylights out of him. He blots around to see Eurus stroll in casually, his heart hammering in his chest. He has to marvel at how she even made it in here, seeing that she left dead bodies in her wake when she visited last. Since then the whole site has been on high alert-- but apparently not high enough.
“-About that,” he corrects her. He is now in stark contrast to the self-pitying Shakespearean character he was playing earlier, donning the identity of his natural self, detached and perhaps a bit ruthless in his general lack of feeling.
"Because your suspect is using means of extortion and corruption to exert pressure on the authorities in attempt avoid a life-time sentence in jail, where she rightfully belongs!" John blurts out, frankly shocked that it's not obvious. He realizes he's let his temper get the best of him from the way the walls ring with his voice. They've gotten multiple complaints from the neighbors about their too-frequent domestics and Mrs. Hudson constantly has to remind them to keep it down.
Anderson snorts. "Fancy he's the one who did this? We know he's got a thing for Watson here. Maybe he finally decided to step out of the closet," he jeers, throwing his light and taking stock of the God-awful mess. When his halo of light finds John, the expression on his face is not quite so comical.
John’s eyebrows furrow in consternation, trying to piece together what the hell he is saying. "What are you talking about?"
“It’s not like he could have had magical pixy horses with someone else. He said that I’m..” Sherlock muses on, searching for the precise terminology John had used.
Nigel returns Sherlock's gaze with increasing nervousness, until he turns his head to discover John is already upon them.
“Yes.. One plus one equals two. Congratulations, you can do the math,” Sherlock drawls boredly, “There may be hope for you yet.”
“What is this place?” John asks, noticing the strange temperature drop as they enter. Craning his neck he can see multiple stories above, seperated by glass floors, and a high-rise ceiling. Access is restricted on all floors and the place is crawlng with security. It appears to be a covert, converted medical facility.
"That was fast. I did tell you this would happen if he found out," she says, toying with a cue ball.
John grumbles and rubs his eyes. “Please tell me you didn’t,” he gripes, pausing by the fridge in a moment of deep discontentment.
Sherlock bristles, irked. His mind is moving at a much faster pace than the situation will allow- already out the door and down the steps. He's not liking having his plans delayed by John being unusually stubborn, with the arms crossed, and the haughty look he takes to mean the soldier is not going to budge. "She killed all those men, Sherlock, singled handed-"
Sherlock catalogues the composition of waxes and oils, viscosity, durability, tendency to smear. Beset with a million other sensations, finally he detects the toxic, sweet taste of lead beneath the tart deluge of wine. When he parts from her, he's met with a set of eyes of unknowable depths, fueled by all forms of twisted passion, and knows for sure she's the one.
“Oh— No, come in. I won’t kill you, I don’t want to kill you—” the current replies tenderly, and John feels unnerved. The words he says are ammunition, manipulation thrown back at him by some unknown invisible force, parroting him with increasingly apparent ingenuity, “Come back into the water. Come into the water, John Watson.”
"Naturally. It's the seventh victim in a row," Sherlock says, and John has to wonder where this newfound sensitivity is coming from. He actually appears to be rather sore about this case come to think of it-- the way he often looks when John has tragically disappointed him by separating the eyeballs from the pickle jar in the refrigerator or buying salt that isn't laboratory grade. He would've thought the detective would be thrilled for what was shaping up to be either a 9 or a 10 in the midst of what has been a monotony of two and a half's, but he doesn't comment. After all, he's not the fanatic of the two of them, he likes to think.
"That's not good enough! That's not even remotely good enough," he instantly rejects the idea as if the mere suggestion were an insult, making it no secret that he finds John's standard of conduct reprehensible and a disservice to
Sherlock issues a sigh. Although he's normally so fastidious about his appearance, he's allowed the ruddy rainwater is to seep into his clothes where he's crouched, giving him the awry appearance of the serial killer Sally and Anderson make him out to be. He looks like a parched vampire that got into a blood bank. "This is what I was worried about. This is the modus operandi of one of our worst home-grown serial killers. A Jack the ripper of the 20th century."
The pair exit the passenger compartment of the cab and step out onto the pavement. Dizzy from sleep deprivation and low blood sugar, Sherlock swaggers over the apartment complex in front of them while John instructs the cabbie to wait. When John comes over, he has to select from a variety of different flats to buzz on the intercom.
John smirks, like hell he is. "That's funny, because he's not an organ donor," he snaps and tries to elbow his way past the resident into the ICU double doors, where nurse attempts block his way, "I'll be damned if I let him get away with this again-"
Sherlock glances over with an immediate “Sarah,” because it’s obvious, bow sweeping against the strings as he cadences further and further down the fingerboard. It’s like he’s trying to see if he can break the window with the right assortment of angry high-pitched notes. He gives up and removes the violin from his chin.
” he exclaims exasperatedly, shaking his head. He pushes the buzzer, now sure of himself. The entrance unlocks.
that had happened, is something he will never fathom. And before anyone asks, the reason that his body had turned hot, trembling head to foot with rage like a six-foot totem pole of jealous envy, was
“There. Empty. Alright?” Greg declares epicly, confirming that their expedition has been none other than a glorified waste of time, dragging them all the way down three subterranean levels and leaving them none the wiser for it.
Despite Lestrade's eagerness for a break in the case, Sherlock doesn't respond at first, distracted and preoccupied with thoughts of his own, so Lestrade prompts him.
“Yes well… hallucinations talk.” Was there ever hallucination that wasn’t self-assuring? “and your voice is… too good to be true.”
It begins to dawn on him— a gradual realization that the threads he thought he had firmly within his grasp are slipping slowly from his fingers.
“You have a problem with authority, much like the criminal underclass,” he snips, recovering his usual calm and detachment.
"Which is why I apparently don't have any of my own." and why he had to journey up to John's room to get one, it seems.
have to hazard guesses whether you could even stand it if you knew what she did," he says, annoyed, "I'm constantly grasping at straws as to whether you could even love someone who surrendered to the likes of her, who fell to her feet in disgrace, and played right into her hands just as easily as the rest of her victims, like the
Its face is a slate wiped blank: indecipherable, unperturbable, paralyzing—its head cocked in a way that makes him swallow dryly. It's like a cross between a runway model and the
“Drugs,” he explains very carefully to her, “are the solution to everything.” She nods. “Observe,” he says and places it beneath John’s nose like sal volitale. The soldier stirs, roused by the sudden and strong scent of caffeine.
“Oh well, since you said please, since I’d do anything you ask and,” John cants his head aside playfully, sarcastically entertaining the idea of helping Sherlock kill himself, “You're asking for it,” He says that in such a bestially vengeful way, with such conviction, such darkness and condemnation, emphasizing the full extent of the double meaning: slut-shaming Sherlock for all the insidiousness he pulled before, licking his fork too much, baring his skin like a weapon.
“Give him a break, ok?” she gleams at him, and John complies and gives her a kiss, distracting her for a moment while Sherlock falls apart, briefly losing control, unable to keep the pleasure from culminating on his face. John and Mary come back into focus a split second after, a open, loving couple in bliss. The most confused feeling of ecstasy and mortification washes over him as John kisses her with his hand still on him. John withdraws from the kiss, and his wet hand relinquishes him beneath the table cloth.
At first, Sherlock's glances at him in a light 'ohho-we're-going-to-tell-him-now-are-we?' way, thinking he must be joking- or if he's not, that he'll surely turn tail and rethink his thoughts. But when he doesn't, Sherlock's expression takes on a very different nature. The deafening silence of next few seconds sounds vaguely like a ticking time bomb about to go off. Sherlock locks eyes with him, as if he's scanning him with X-ray vision. It feels like the lightening has flashed and the thunder is soon to follow.
Nigel’s error in word choice presents Sherlock with a new fatherly challenge that he has not encountered before. How to split up a fight. Noting that boys generally excel in height and strength relative to girls starting at age 14, Sherlock is hoping the boy at the approximate age of 15 and 4 months, will be able to defend himself, but unfortunately that isn’t the case.
“At what!” John looks down helplessly at his hand that the sleuth has brought to eye level, Sherlock glaring at him condemningly like the fact he’s a leftie is self-incriminating.
"Do you normally frequent the men's restroom or is this a passing fancy?" he says, looking over his shoulder. He can feel her eyes all over him, ghosting down his back. He rolls his eyes, thankful he's not been infected by the influenza called lust that turns people into salivating animals.
Their movements are aimless, there’s no organization to it, it’s just purely, incandescently… “Kind of..”
There's always going to be goons on the internet, but finding one that embodies the absolute opposite of what you think is a rare find! Apparently this guy is a counselor, while I know absolutely nothing about humans and relationships, but I will be arguing against this perspective anyways. Enjoy~
Sherlock rolls his eyes scoffing at the ridiculous notion he could die by something so pedestrian and banal as not eating-- like that’s reserved for the mere mortals.
The creature sits perched amongst the asteroid belt of sea rocks, watching the human from a distance. He watches John wake, confused and disoriented after the brief spell of unconsciousness. It’s at a loss, clueless, struggling to make sense of anything.
It's the first time he's taken a break from the case, that Saturday late afternoon, summer sunshine peeking through the curtains. They're facing each other, sitting on the settee and leaning over the evening standard, the scent of over-steeped, growing-cold tea wafting in from the kitchen. John's ears prick up when he catches Sherlock chuckle at how he can't solve the crossword.
“Yep. Now come here, darling—“ he extends an arm in her general direction, “I need your opinion on this blood spatter pattern.”
"She told you that?" Mycroft asks with a raised eyebrow, looking surprised that she would tell him something like that.
"You saved my life and now you think that you own it, is that it, Doctor?" Sherlock asks with an amused tone that slivers uncomfortably up John's spine. John feels the gall he had to intervene vanish under that glare of his, burning like frostbite, and he swallows. Something inside his chest twists and his voice turns hard like steel, even though he's shaking with emotions still raw from the first time Sherlock was attacked, a trauma that he inexplicably, seems on intent on repeating.
He finds his way back to the vast and largely empty warehouse unit at the end of the hall, hazy incandescent lights and whirling fans playing tricks on the liquid nitrogen vapors circling around on the floor. His chest knots up as he approaches the cot at the far end of the room and he has to turn away to give himself a moment.
“I didn’t kill him,” Sherlock grumbles like a chastised child, “Check his pulse if you don’t believe me.”
“In love,” he says after an air of silence, standing in the kitchenette doorway, “You think I’m in love with Sherlock Holmes, the mutant drug addict freeloader on our sofa.” He points his thumb over his shoulder, in Sherlock’s general direction.
The photograph she's holding is an autopsy photo, stitches and bruises marring the face of the deceased, and yet she can still recognize her. It's unmistakable that she's looking at none other than her own mother, with a novelty that suggests for first time in decades. He does the math- her mother was his first kill, after which he gradually became more unhinged and more liberal with taking lives, until none were exempt. She was first assaulted 40 years ago today, the same age as Irene.
"Go get the first aid kit. Run along," John says, pressing his hand against the cut on his palm to curb the bleeding, frowning as it smarts. "And no more cursing!" he tells her as she runs out the kitchen. He can't have this like-sailor-like-daughter nonsense.
John glances hopefully at Sherlock and sees he’s still not paying attention, staring dazedly into thin air. He sighs and towels his sooty hands off, going to the check the door.
Without further warning, Sherlock throws open the door and canters down the stairs, fully expecting John to simply follow him into the downpour. John sighs and grabs his green trench, following after his eccentric flatmate.
—” he tries to explain, then trails off, leaving the pair hanging in suspense. Sherlock blinks and Mary scowls, confused by the non-sequitur.
he thinks as he closes the collar over his neck, which he's left open at the top two buttons, per usual. His improper nature rebels against the rules and restrictions of a full suit. He puts the medal around his neck, then does the silk bowtie over it.
John can’t really tell if a taxi is honking at them or at the other cars or just plain broken. The traffic is awful at any rate, bumper to bumper and even the bikers have dismounted in favor of worming their way through on foot, so it’s a J-walking free-for-all. They cross through a half-dozen red signals, which John thinks is the funnest thing in the world, although it’s hardly considered unusual in central London to do so and mildly suggestive that he should get out more— if he didn’t spend his days locked up in an asylum, that is.
“What? Hey, come back—” Mary laughs at his ridiculously abrupt and nonsensical mood swing, but feels obliged to call after him anyway. Despite her efforts to make amends, he continues several more paces toward the parking lot, acting miffed. “Are you serious?” she implores, stuck behind the fence.
John supposes that it’s technically a mermaid like those visualized in legends, with the upper body of a human and the finned tail of a beast. But when John thinks mermaid, he thinks of
"John-!" Sherlock grabs his arm in alarm, preventing him from moving further. The enemy seizes the moment of vulnerability to attack, dislodging John's gun, but not before John eliminates his accomplices with two rounds.
“You think?” Sherlock pretends to be self-conscious, taking a graceful side-step into fourth position so that they swerve around, “that’s kind of embarrassing. I didn’t realize Rowen and I were so alike.” Sarcasm. Sarcasm. Sarcasm. Mary rolls her eyes, needing a break from all the sarcasm, and frankly wishes she could face-palm right now.
A few seconds elapse before she resigns in defeat. “I think we need to have a talk about sex,” she says.
“He’s not seeing anybody else,” Sherlock admits tenuously, and John is satisfied. But Sherlock is restless, unable to resist the temptation to add on, “
Skipping over the respective data files on Ajay Farhad, Gabriel Lange, and Rose Morstan, he finds the file for Alexander Ivanov, head of operations. He scans over the material under his name, which appears to be a rap sheet meant for collateral, when he comes across his picture. He stills, eyes glued to the screen, searching his face.
But a gnawing feeling in the back of his brain demands attention, until his vestibular system starts sending him messages of alarm in rapid succession that can’t be ignored. His eyes widen.
He can see why Sherlock doesn't like him for the crime though. He would have a hard time believing the man was up to no good again- age has weakened him considerably.
John feebly scrambles upward, at least what he thinks is upward, the dearth of oxygen in his chest growing. He doesn’t know how far up he needs to swim or if he can make it, and the fact that the monster is likely circling him doesn't exactly ease the increasing sense of desperation.
Posting this so you have an update while I work on the climax- which is still in progress but getting there!
John grits his teeth under the purgatorial look Sherlock's giving him. What those eyes are accusing him of is impossible to swallow.
"Did she turn you against me? Did she manipulate you into doing this?" he asks, and John might actually laugh if he wasn't so out-of-the-ballpark furious right now, "I don't have to guess how, since you're generally quite desperate to sleep with any member of the opposite sex that's willing."
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow in confusion. The who-you-slept-with trivia question is a gimme. He never gets it wrong. He looks over himself to see if anything is out of line, and turns around in the process, kind of like a dog chasing its tail. Nothing. (Might even be a virgin?)
John stares back in surprise at the outburst, having had no idea he was aggravating him that much, seeing that he hadn't said anything in particularly incendiary to warrant that sort of response. Sherlock looks away, trying to contain himself, plaster on a mask of composure and suppress his emotions as he always does, although the irrepressible anger that's suddenly taken hold of him is bleeding through.
“First, it was ‘I’m not gay’ now it’s ‘you’re not a parent’. You know you only have to say things once, to produce an effect,” Sherlock informs him with patronizing didacticism, “After that it’s just moot.”
"What is this?" John asks off-handedly, looking down at their feet, Sherlock’s black oxfords shadowing his Loakes— light brown.
John looks at him like he's speaking alien.  "No, that's not- Sherlock, listen to me," he tries to level with him. It's all wrong. It’s so false it’s borderline blasphemous. He wants to deny it and convince him otherwise if he'd just give him leave, but Sherlock's gaze stops him in his tracks, pins him against the wall and strangles the words in his throat. John bites down until he tastes blood.  He would kill for him to just say something, anything, to break the silence instead of holding them static in this unbreathable, horrible tension that Sherlock somehow finds fitting and comfortable.
"You mean a nack better than the all the world leaders in biomedical research and the entire field of medicine?"
“I’m an old friend,” he replies. Despite being seemingly benign, it triggers some uneasiness in Sherlock’s mind, although, at the moment he can’t remember why.
"Dammit, Sherlock, that's not-" he starts extending a hand to his face, but Sherlock isn't in the mood for sweet lies and faux consolations. He turns sharply, elbowing John in the ribs before he can even manage a denial. John quickly recovers and recaptures him in his arms, refusing to let go, much to Sherlock's displeasure as he tries to struggle free. His hands grapple for purchase on the ottoman carpet until it is reduced to a rumpled heap beneath his scrawling limbs.
Mary looks confused at what sounds like some vague riddle he’s concocted, and Sherlock sees the need to elaborate, as inarticulate as he may be on the subject.
"Wait-" John starts, instinctively knowing that going unarmed to distract people with semi-automatics is not a good idea.
Feeling at a loss, Sherlock darts into him, presses his skull against his and arrests him in a hug. Encircling the barrel of his chest with his arms, he dives forward onto the sofa, fabric rustling against fabric rustling against leather. John falls back and Sherlock’s face melds into the crook of the soldier’s detergent-scented neck, his slacks and John’s trousers a tangle.
"Don't be melodramatic-" he says dismissively, but instead of letting Sherlock push him out of the way, John pushes back, pushes him so hard he falls backward against the hardwood.
"Now, listen Mary.." he says gingerly. He takes a reconciliatory step forward, but Mary takes one back.
"Oh," is all John can say, not expecting that, of all things, to be the title. It's almost too much of a coincidence to be incidental. Who, in real life, actually wakes up to the cliche of someone playing things like
“You,” she says forwarding her rook. His knight takes it, leaving her queen open. “Always missing the point.”
Of course Sherlock would say something blunt and brutal and below the belt, no matter if it turns John upside-down and inside out. Sherlock probably doesn’t even understand that, just that he can use it to his advantage: weaseling his way into his heart, twisting him around his little finger, getting away scot-free, and that’s all that matters. He wins. John is painfully aware there’s nothing he can say to that.
By the time John comes up to air, it’s dark and he can’t see the island. Rain drizzles down on the surface and the black, frigid water churns with whiteheads. He breathes, wiped out with fatigue, having been under for over two minutes before the grip on his foot had finally eased.
He feels flustered at being so easily read; it dissipates as heat off his skin. She can feel him burning under his jacket and he feels the sliminess of her grip on him, both literal and otherwise. Revulsion congeals in the pit of his stomach.
After seeing that the contact is only making it worse, Sherlock retracts, locking his elbows, and looks down at his friend helplessly, his ebony fringe obscuring his grief-stricken gaze. Then Sherlock realizes the problem. The hazarded guesses, the kisses, the embraces weren't harmless; while a cursory and marginal show of innocent affection, they carried an ulterior significance, reminded him how unmarried he really is.
She, too, is in awe of how she holds so much power over him, as if his volition and free will were just reins in her hands. She's endlessly fascinated by how with just a touch she can reduce him to skittish, nervous wreck. The worst of it is she seemed to already have been aware she could do this to him.
He stands by the tableside, the satin outline of his shoulders like a drawn archer’s bow, head thrown backward at the sky and imploring that it come crashing in an open display of the immense, unknowable suffering it is to be a drama queen.
"Get away from him," the words seethe out of him, sounding more rottweiler than human, rage having the curious effect of making John profoundly articulate.
Sherlock knows he should be racing out the door right now, he knows this with every crawling fibre of his being, but every time he so much as thinks of doing that, the doorknob inconveniently stops working.
Obviously dissatisfied with Sherlock’s assessment, Mary reverts back to John’s peacefully slumbering form with a ‘hmph’, arms crossed. Undeterred, she glares at him with narrow eyes as if he might be feigning his unconsciousness, and without a second thought, stands to full height on the seat cushion, steps over him up onto the sofa arm, and balances herself on the backboard, where she intends to springboard off and land on John.
He stares up at that redoubtable, escalating tower with a slight pit in his stomach, a gnawing, quietly thundering sensation of de ja vu, so deeply stirring, speaking in volumes, all from so simple an action as a dance that, from a passing glance might not appear particularly remarkable at all— in fact, it
John places his hand on the curved edge of the settee, returning to his seat. “Why?” he asks innocently.
"After all this time, after everything we've been through together, is that really what you think I want? How can a someone as brilliant as you be so daft?"
He makes his way to the kitchen and sees that not only has the tea been over-steeped, but has now long grown cold. John starts the stove and sets the kettle on, counting the steps the detective takes in the room adjacent. He can't stand the idea of living with this and not doing anything about it. But then he thinks of the scathing look of betrayal Sherlock had on his face all from the mere mention of Mycroft. It was horrible, unlike anything he'd ever seen or ever wanted to see directed at him.. not from Sherlock. He sighs and cards a hand through his hair, watching the tea brew. Eventually John gives in and pours a second cup of mighty leaf, making his way from the kitchen down the corridor to his room.
John wakes up grouchy seeing that the beacon has expended its supply of firewood and, as apparent from the deserted horizon line, succeeded in garnering no one’s attention whatsoever. What remains of the smoke signal is distorted by the sweep of oceanic wind.
Sherlock disinterestedly resumes his trek and catches a glimpse of his better half poised by the alcohol reserves. John is tolerantly bored and leaning languidly against the wall in his trim suit, hands relegated to his double besom pockets, front panels misaligned under the strain and falling asymmetrically over his waist, sloping off from the wall. The slightly disheveled state of his jacket suggests some level intoxication, however his overall appearance- from his posture to his steady gaze- betrays artful control and composure. So the tousled look is more likely a product of emotional disturbance, or of his newly-adopted philosophy of not giving a shit.
Sherlock beams at him and John's heart freezes. When Sherlock steps back, John is suddenly hit by the full picture of him, standing across from him on the step. They exchange looks, standing motionless in the stairwell, John's hands holding the undersides of his wrists. They've gotten to the point now where these moments kind of just happen and they let them happen, then dismiss them as normal. Sherlock wordlessly steps away and shifts past him for the door, leaving John ill at ease when he goes.
And John is helpless to respond, never feeling quite as pinned down as he has now. The man feels no remorse, what means has John of explaining it to him?
