It all hit him like a ton of bricks. John jumped up in the bed and looked down at himself, confirming that he was still dressed in his suit from the previous night. He put his hand over his racing heart, looking wildly around the bedroom. He was still here. He was still in this timeline at Baker Street. He went to sleep--he know he did. He could taste the sourness of his morning breath. This had to be real, then, even though he had no fucking idea how any of this was possible. He couldn’t be crazy since this was reality, right? This couldn’t be one big hallucination if he woke up in the exact same situation. He thought that was how these things worked, at least.
“Oh, yeah,” John said, blinking hard like he snapped out of a trance. “Yeah, no problem, Sherlock.” A pause. “Don’t get hurt again.”
John watched him, not sure what to say, but then he noticed that it looked like the dressing gown was sticking to Sherlock’s back in some places. It wasn’t loose like the rest of the gown. Was it just a trick of the light?
John gave a half-hearted smile. He flexed his toes, pleased when they cooperated, and his legs tingled a bit. Whatever those wankers gave him was fucking strong, but the effects wouldn’t last for much longer.
John got out of bed and stretched. He needed coffee, but more importantly, he needed to brush his teeth. He went downstairs to find the sitting room and kitchen empty. He walked into the empty bathroom, and knew that Sherlock must have still been sleeping (and recovering from those injuries, John wanted him to sleep as long as he could). John found the toothpaste where it had always been, figuring Sherlock must have re-stocked on supplies when he returned, but he had no toothbrush. Shrugging, John squeezed toothpaste onto his finger and rubbed it on his teeth. It wasn’t exactly the best way to get the job done, but he had to do this countless times in the army. After rinsing his mouth in the sink, he looked in the mirror and grimaced. Maybe he really did look old with the mustache.
He sniffed. He looked at Sherlock, who was hunched over on the side of the bed, eyes glued to the floor. John knew he hurt him, but his cowardice prevented him from saying anything more. An unpleasant tingle rippled down his spine as he walked (stumbled) past Sherlock and out of the room, his throat feeling tight. He got out of the flat and downstairs, but had to lean his arm against the front door and try to control his breathing. He couldn’t walk through London while crying.
John’s mouth twisted to the side, “Well, I--oh, wait. Let me clean the cuts on your hand.” He grabbed some cotton balls and a bottle of rubbing alcohol. “I don’t think I need to tell you this’ll probably sting.”
He had to do something to keep from crying like a baby again. He had shed enough tears in front of Sherlock for the night. “Would you take off that disgusting thing? I know that’s not your only dressing gown.”
, and stopped himself because of his bloody work. Or, was he just being polite? John almost laughed out loud at that. He also remembered how Sherlock bluntly told Molly her mouth looked too small because she removed her lipstick on the very first day they met. Perhaps Sherlock was more in line with social cues now, but back then? Not so much.
Sherlock bit his lower lip and he looked away, turning his eyes to the wall. He was breathing heavily, and for once in his life, he wished he had listened to Mycroft. Caring was not an advantage, but he could not stop loving John even if he tried. Loving John was a part of him that could never be removed. Every breath he took was for John, in one way or another. But if John never wanted to see him again, was his life worth living? John saved him so many times and in so many ways. Without John, and the warmth and constancy of his friendship, Sherlock didn’t know if he could survive. He had grown not only accustomed, but dependent to John’s companionship. He remembered the look of pure awe John gave him when Angelo showed up to 221B with his cane, and then the look of hatred in his eyes as he stared down at Sherlock as he coughed up blood on the floor of the morgue. How did this happen? How did everything go so wrong between them?
It was about a month after everything settled down and Baker Street was back in order that John came to the horrible, but not entirely shocking revelation that he absolutely hated the way his life turned out.
There he goes, offering more compassion than John ever deserved. He needed to get out before he exploded. “It’s been a rough day,” he said vaguely, proud of himself when his voice didn’t tremble.
John broke their kiss, looked at him with dazed, hooded eyes, and kissed him again, harder this time. He pulled Sherlock’s body so they were completely pressed against one another, and Sherlock’s crotch touched John’s lower abdomen. The first touch of John’s tongue against the seam of his lips made his breath hitch in surprised, and John licked into his mouth, his tongue hot and the sensation more arousing than Sherlock could have ever imagined. Unlike in the romance movies that Mrs. Hudson forced him to watch with her, though, John did not start sucking his tongue or anything of the sort; his tongue left his mouth, and he went back to open-mouthed, hard kisses, and Sherlock thought he preferred that, his cock twitching with interest. His cheeks heated up and he wrapped his arms around John’s neck, sighing happily into the kiss. Each hot, wet press of John’s lips against his made him gradually harden, and he felt dizzy with bliss. They stood in the sitting room kissing for long, glorious minutes, the quiet flat echoing with the sounds of their lips breaking apart and sliding back together. They were pressing wet, sloppy kisses on each other's mouths, John's hands tightening around his narrow waist, a delicious, low groan coming from his throat and sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock licked his lips, arm falling from the wall and to his side. He was wearing his coat, but it only became apparent to John now that he was wearing his pajamas underneath, not a suit. It was an odd sight. “Window,” he rasped, but didn’t elaborate. He took an unsteady step forward, squeezing the papers tighter in his hand, making a crinkling sound.
His eyes darted back and forth, like he was looking for a way to escape. “I never meant for you to find out. I’m sorry if it makes you uncomfortable.” His face was scarlet.
“That woman! I served her tea! Well, it’s a good thing you left her, John! I must say I’m not entirely surprised, though.”
That was around the normal time for cocaine highs to wear off, but John looked at Sherlock’s pupils, and confirmed that they were back at their normal size. “Let me feel your pulse,” he said.
John woke up the next morning with a heavy weight on his chest. He was already in a bad mood from his conversation with Sherlock, and the subsequent hurt and confusion from it, but he dreamt of Rosie. It was really just vague images in his head. He realized he was forgetting her face, and he would never have any pictures to refresh is memory. He was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at the wall. He wasn’t really sure how to approach Sherlock this morning, but John knew he had to monitor him. Sherlock still should have been hooked up to an IV drip in a hospital bed and they both knew it.
John was about to say he could have done that himself, but Sherlock was already going up the steps. He rubbed his eyes. God damn it, he felt like he was about to explode.
Rosie responded to his good mood with a smile of her own. “Dada,” she flopped a small hand onto his face.
was over; how long was he asleep?). He never reacted to embarrassment well, and falling asleep on John was a first. “I’m not tired,” he grumbled automatically, wishing he could disappear.
That wasn’t a word which was often used in Sherlock’s vocabulary. John didn’t smile, though. “You wanted me to stay married to Mary, and I wish I knew why,” he told Sherlock.
“I kept this note in my pocket, but brought the bottle home, because I obviously have no use for it at the clinic. I can’t drink on the job. I told Mary that I bought it, and she believed me until she did the laundry today and found that note in my pocket. I was a fucking idiot for forgetting about it,” he frowned.
“Charming,” John resisted rolling his eyes again. He didn’t find that interesting at all. She did work for Moriarty, after all.
“Oh, god, yeah,” John shivered, feeling intense pleasure gather where Sherlock’s thumb was circling, and in his bollocks, which started to pull up. John bit Sherlock’s pale shoulder with a groan, and fucked his hand. The pleasure peaked, and John came hard with a moan into Sherlock’s shoulder. His legs felt wobbly from kneeling, so after Sherlock let go of him, he sat upright against the back of the sofa, legs spread and feet on the floor. He rubbed his face, breathing deeply and shivering as the last sensations of his orgasm pulsed throughout his body. It occurred to him how fast he came, and he started laughing.
Oh, yes, his mother and father were quite old. Well, that didn’t matter: John liked them! Sherlock almost squirmed with glee. He made John
Sherlock knew John had a right to be angry, thinking that he had just been dead for two years, but he still winced. Great. He was on bad terms with John again.
was she here? Why the fuck was she sitting in his bloody fucking chair? It felt like his brain came to an absolute halt, and he was glued to the floor. It was like a brick dropped into his stomach. Rosie kicking her feet threw him back to reality, and he sucked in a breath.
Sherlock’s head whipped around and he saw one of the members of his homeless network. What was her name again? “Oh, hello,” he said. “You were looking for me?”
He pushed his growing fringe out of his eyes, sighing heavily. He felt responsible, but would John think so, too? Would this set them back again? That fear was on his mind this whole time. He wanted John to be friends with him again and didn’t want to go through losing him another time. He was tired of it. Sherlock forgave him for his behavior after Mary’s death. He did. He knew John was at his absolute worst and wasn’t thinking clearly. But that didn’t change how much it all hurt. He tried to shut off his heart all of his life because he knew how much romantic entanglement could and would hurt him, and yet somehow John Watson found his way into Sherlock’s heart a long time ago and had no intention of leaving, no matter what happened between them. Sherlock knew what his feelings were by now and that there was no going back. John was Sherlock’s world. He couldn’t stop loving him even if he tried.Even if he--no, John was going to wake up. He had to. Sherlock swallowed. He wasn’t there when John got shot, but he still knew this had to be one of the worst injuries he ever sustained.
“Oh,” he said softly. As embarrassing as this was, he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to be held by John. “Yes. I’m taller, but you usually…” He thought about what he would like. “You usually hug me from behind.”
“I know you are.” His eyes flickered down to his hand on his shoulder. “Hm. I still feel fucking weird, but this is nice.”
Sherlock’s bruises on his abdomen hurt, but his head felt like someone was repeatedly hitting it with a hammer, so he held it there instead.
“I feel like myself again, finally,” he confessed, his heart feeling an intense wave of relief, over everything. This was where he was supposed to be, and things were going really well. “I had an epiphany of sorts, though it took me too long to get there. I know I just unloaded a lot on you, so how are you feeling?”
It might have been a mistake, though, because Sherlock’s head snapped up, and his eyes were wide under the dark, wet hair.
Sherlock’s eyes were dark, pupils blown wide, but soft and inquisitive. He placed his hand on the top of John’s head. “Was it good?”
Sherlock stared at him, eyes sharp, and huffed. “They’re unpleasant,” he said stiffly. “I dream of being injured, and for the past several days, woke up so out of it, it was difficult to grasp what was real.”
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded, closing his eyes in embarrassment and nuzzling his face into John’s hair by his temple. John’s hand was warm, but he was going too slowly. “Faster, John,” he said into his ear.
“I’m going to get your morphine. No arguments,” John said firmly. He turned and walked out of the room before Sherlock could muster a grumble at him. He retrieved the packet of morphine tablets given by the doctor from his jacket pocket. He popped out a couple tablets and filled up a glass of water for Sherlock. When John returned to the room, the towel was on the floor, and Sherlock was under the covers. He was sitting up, the duvet covering his chest, and he looked torn between fatigue and boredom. Of course.
John looked away. He had the right to get drunk, damn it. He had nothing left. No hope of love, not even his friendship with Sherlock anymore, because how could they be friends after this? They couldn’t. He wiped a tear on his sleeve. Things in the other world were strained, and their issues were completely unresolved, but at least they were friends. Fucked up friends, but friends. A part of him couldn’t help but think that even if he had admitted his feelings in the other timeline, at least he would have had Rosie.
John sighed tiredly. “I think we’ve been done for a long time.” He flexed his left hand, looking at his wedding ring in disgust. “What a waste.”
He took in more deep breaths through his mouth, and then nodded slowly. He lowered his arm onto his chest, and his eyes were glassy with his afterglow. He sat up, a little unsteady, and threw his arms around John’s neck, hiding his in his shoulder.
This was the night Sherlock came back, at least in real life. Was Sherlock going to be here in this version of events, too? But why couldn’t he be sent back
John wiped his wet hand on his jumper, and then undressed so he was in his vest. Both hands clean(ish), he cradled Sherlock’s face, and put their foreheads together, heart thumping.
“No,” Sherlock stood up abruptly, but then stumbled, clutching one of the arms of his chair, fingers clawing into the leather. He gritted his teeth, visibly holding back a hiss of pain.
John’s hand grasped his shoulder. “Sherlock,” he said comfortingly but steadily, “it was just a dream. Open your eyes.”
John smiled into his shoulder. “Sherlock Holmes, wanting to laze about? Who are you, and what have you done with the real Sherlock?”
John was biting his lip, fighting off his own arousal (which was, in turn, extremely arousing to Sherlock). “I was thinking, I just landed in this relationship with you. I didn’t get to do the things I imagined, or I don’t remember them.”
He felt horrible admitting that, because that meant he had not been happy since long before Rosie was born. Rosie wasn’t the problem, though. He loved her, really, he did. She was his flesh and blood, and a genuinely sweet baby. She had nothing to do with his unhappiness; if anything, she was one of the only things in the world that made him get out of bed in the morning.
John swallowed and was able to form a complete sentence. “How’d I get here?” He tried to blink rapidly to clear his vision, but his blinks felt rather lethargic.
He cleared his throat. He couldn’t do this tonight. “I think I’m gonna go to bed.” No, Sherlock deserved an apology--a thousand apologies! He had to stop. He had to think of someone else’s feelings for once. He should say it all now. His tongue was already loosened from the alcohol.
John silently followed Mycroft to the black car waiting by the pavement, climbing inside. He was back to feeling numb (emotionally, at least; stepping outside made his feet cold).
“That’s good,” Sherlock said, fixing the duvet and sheets around him. “I don’t think I’ve ever spent so much time in bed in my life,” he grumbled.
A bubble of resentment rose in his chest. Mary didn’t deserve the privilege to bed John Watson. She lied to him about everything. She belittled him in front of his friends. She put herself first, always. Sherlock was the first person to admit he was no saint, but if John were his, he would do everything in his power to treat him with the love, respect, and affection he deserved. John deserved so much, and Sherlock wanted to give it all to him. Sherlock would give him anything--everything. He already gave him so much. John had given him the warmth of friendship in return, but he wondered if John truly knew how much he had done for him. Did John care?
“I’m sure the gifts will become more personalized from here on out,” he said, planning as he spoke. “I’m sure of that much. If not, you'll find out if you try to hunt him down, yes?" It was difficult to keep his voice steady. John was going to confront him soon. It would either go beautifully or horribly. His heart was in his throat.
John’s blood ran cold. He knew she did it, but the thought of her name being on Sherlock’s tongue as soon as he opened his eyes. It happened last time, and John had been confused and amused by it. Now he understood. He didn’t answer the doctor’s question, but asked him what Sherlock’s room number was, and was walking down the hall before “334” fully left the doctor’s lips.
Shit. That was presumptuous, and it made him sound desperate (but, he was desperate to live with Sherlock again). John cleared his throat. “Well.” He couldn’t think of anything to say.
he wanted to say, but didn’t feel comfortable enough yet. Maybe John was onto something about this all taking time, after all, he thought wistfully.
Sherlock just nodded and smashed their lips together, screaming at his mind to go blank. He stroked the warm skin of John’s cheeks, memorizing its texture beneath his thumb pads. It wasn’t fair. He loved John more than anyone, certainly more than Mary did. Why did she get to do this? Why did he have to put up so many walls? No, he knew why. The way his knees were weak from simple snogging was why.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered down to the note in John’s hand, and then back to his face, subconsciously biting his lip. He found himself speechless. He stared at John, silently pleading for him to catch on.
The other Mary must have always thought he was an idiot, too. That only made sense. “You blamed him for our breakup,” he said. “But
“As I said to you before, I don’t understand why you’re getting so worked up over a dream,” Sherlock said patiently, “but if this fantasy situation were to happen, I would forgive you.”
John leaned back on the pillow, looking him up and down. “This is still so surreal to me. It’s like I woke up in a different reality.” He sighed a little. “I guess it’s weird for you, too, right?”
“Here I am,” he said lamely. He was almost certain that he had seen Sherlock at the window not even forty seconds ago. Did he rush to his chair when he saw John coming? That was strange. “Um, how are you?” he asked, walking to his chair.
John gave him a sympathetic look. “No, I suppose I don’t. I knew something was bothering you while we were sitting together. I was relieved when you relaxed and nodded off.”
Mycroft’s face didn’t move, but John could sense something behind his eyes. He really wanted to confront him about his knowledge on A.G.R.A., but he suppressed his bubbling anger and set his eyes on Sherlock.
He averted his gaze, looking at the note crumpled in John’s hand instead of his face. “I need to tell you something about Mary.”
“I haven’t shaved, yeah.” He sat up, careful not to knock her over. “I’ll stop talking about her now. I should be focusing on you. You like that bear?” he pointed to it.
“Oh.” He bit the inside of his cheek. He didn’t expect John to bring that up, but then again, John brought it up when they were on the case together. It seemed like a part of John wanted to talk about it, and another part didn’t. Sherlock had mixed feelings about kicking John out the other day. He had honestly been hurt by what he had said--he still was hurt, in fact--but maybe he overreacted. Or, maybe he didn’t. John must have felt bad about it, though, if he swallowed his pride and thanked Sherlock for letting him back in. He wasn’t sure if he could keep John out if he tried, especially when he asked. “It’s...don’t mention it, John.” He meant that literally and figuratively.
John wanted to grab her by the collar, if it hadn’t been for the bars. “You won’t take responsibility for your actions.” The anger was rushing through his veins. “You think you’re right, and you always will. Sherlock got in your way, in your mind, and that was enough to put a bullet through him.”
“All done?” John picked her up and took her bib off. “Well, we don’t have to go to Sherlock’s for a few more hours, but I do have something for you.” He walked with her over to the sofa, where her new toys were. The good thing about giving a gift to a one year-old was that he was able to buy the items and put them in the flat without trying to hide it. That would probably change for her next birthday, or the one after that. Admittedly, he didn’t know much about buying baby toys, but she wasn’t going to hate these, right?
John’s hands attacked his sides, and a loud, startled fit of laughter burst from his mouth. John was grinning wildly above him, looking like a child opening a Christmas present. Sherlock couldn’t stop laughing and he kicked his legs. “John! J--John! Stop!” He turned onto his side to try to curl away from John.
They moved to the sofa. Sherlock got there first, flopping down on his stomach and groaning dramatically into one of the throw pillows, his headache not as painful as it was when they first got in, but still pulsing behind his eyeballs.
Culverton continued in his slimy, soft voice, “Take it easy, it’s okay. Don’t want to rush this.” He smiled, showing his discolored teeth. “You’re Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock chatted with Rosie for a bit about how she would need to develop at a faster rate than normal babies in order for her to become as smart as he was.
“I love you,” he whispered, “but you, the other you needs me.” He gazed over Sherlock’s calm, sleeping face. “I just hope you’ll have me, too. Or, another me.” He laughed through his nose. “Wouldn’t it be funny if I just wake up here tomorrow?”
That's the end! I never thought this story would get this long or get so much love, but I thank you so, so much. I'm going to miss writing this, but I think now is a good time to end it.
It was Sherlock’s turn to shrug. “She was the only one of your girlfriends I met who actually seemed clever and interesting.”
Sherlock let out a relieved exhale from his mouth. He had no idea who was at the door, but he definitely owed them. “I thought I’d heard someone on the stairs,” he lied.
Something didn't make sense. "If you knew I wanted you then, why did you think I didn't lo...love you until the letter?" Christ, this was excruciating.
John went over and sat behind Sherlock, turning to his back. His hands were shaking. “I need to clean these. Have you taken care of them at all?”
He had no idea. He had no fucking idea why John would have a problem with this. John’s chest was heaving, blood rushing through his veins. “Why do you want me here?”
They rushed Sherlock into emergency surgery, the concerned looks on the faces of the doctors and surgeons worrying John. He was a doctor, too, and could see how serious the wound was even without his knowledge of the other world. He wanted to run in and watch the surgery, be there for Sherlock, but he wasn’t allowed past the waiting room. John couldn’t keep still, pacing around the room on unsteady legs, looking down at the blindingly white floor. His body had broken out into a cold sweat, and he was so anxious he felt like he could vomit into a nearby bin. He couldn’t bury Sherlock for real. If he died--then John would have no purpose in this world. None. He’d never find love again.
John put his head in his hands. “Oh my god,” he whispered. Hearing his suspicions confirmed was weird. No, not weird. It was
“I don’t know,” John said honestly. “A part of me was pleased to see her behind bars, finally getting her comeuppance, but I think I felt...tired. Seeing her in a jail cell wasn’t as satisfying as I thought it would be, in the end. I’m just
But it was not the beautiful moment John thought it would be, as his arms went around his back, Sherlock abruptly stiffened. John hugged Sherlock unexpectedly before at his wedding, and he hadn’t felt like this. It felt like Sherlock was in
A large part of Sherlock wanted to throw away the pretense and confess now. But, no. It was too soon. John still wasn’t sure what to make of his suitor’s actions. Sherlock wanted John to want his secret admirer.  “What do you want to do?” he asked carefully. “This is your life, John.”
“Oh, for god’s sake,” he rolled his eyes. “I did not intend to arrive at your house when I did, Mary, I can
“Okay,” John said, and held her so that her head was on his shoulder. “Her room is upstairs, you said?”
his voice cracked. His eyes stung, but he couldn’t stop any of this from happening. “Why, Sherlock? Why aren’t you furious with me? Why don’t you fucking
John didn’t have much to do, though, aside from worry and spend time on the internet on his phone. With Sherlock dazed and drowsy, John found the courage to tell him, slowly, a bit about the other world.
Sherlock rinsed his mouth out and shook his head. “It’s not a problem,” he said, turning to look at John fully.
John nodded back, finding his coat where he left it last night and shrugging it on. He would just have to explain to Mary that things weren’t working out, that was all. It would probably come as a shock to her, but he didn’t think there was ever a good time to break up with someone. Although he didn’t love her anymore, he dreaded this conversation. He walked out of the building, pausing on the pavement. He took out his phone and sent a text.
This was making less sense by the second, and Sherlock’s heart was beating fast. “She told you?” Suddenly, Sherlock felt something small but sharp jab the side of his neck, and he dropped the plastic bag.
“Yeah, fine,” John tried to play along, tried to sound annoyed, but he started to feel a little nervous about this. “Just--sit up a little bit more, if you can, and tilt your head forward.”
She looked like she wanted to insult Sherlock, but then pressed her lips together. Instead, she asked, “Sherlock, why are there surveillance cameras, and why is one of your brother’s men lingering across the street?”
Irene decided to get up from her (John’s) chair and stroll over to the kitchen table, standing next to John on his right side.
But that didn’t satisfy John. His mouth twisted unhappily. “Sherlock, if there was ever a time when you think I didn’t want you, or thought little of you, you’re wrong. I know I fucked up and insulted you, and I’ve said too many unkind things to you in the past, and I’m really sorry for that, but I’ve
What do you think? This definitely won't be a long story because Sherlock won't be able to keep up the facade for long, logistically or emotionally. Writing the first chapter was certainly fun, though.
Confirming his suspicion, Sherlock was asleep, lying on his side facing the door. John’s chest clenched painfully at the sight of him. The blankets were pulled up to Sherlock’s chin, his curls were tousled and fluffy like a dandelion, and he was snoring quietly out his open mouth. He looked ridiculously young, and that made John realize how much tension and pain Sherlock must have carried with him throughout the day to make him look older. Not that Sherlock looked old while he was awake, but fast asleep with the lines of his face smoothed out, he looked like a bloody high school student, and John was reminded of how devastatingly young he looked when they first met. He remembered how Sherlock’s eyes were always bright and he used to jump around like an excited toddler when he had a good case. Sherlock was dimmed now, quieter, and it was because of
Sherlock closed his eyes, face still turned, and John briefly admired his beautiful profile. “It helped,” he said.
. In whatever capacity she could, she cared about him. It was just that she always cared about herself more. She cared about herself more, and John didn’t want her love. He only wanted one person’s love (besides Rosie’s), and the funny thing was that he knew Sherlock cared about him more than himself. He knew from so many instances, but especially the Culverton near-death experience. If only Sherlock cared about him in the way he wanted.
It was risky, he knew, but this would be an essential test to see where John’s mind was. If John really planned on telling Mary, this might serve as the final straw for him.
John bit his bottom lip when he looked down at the length of his cock, almost fully hard. The other Sherlock didn’t last long with their first time, only needing a small amount of physical contact to come. John knew how to bring him to bliss quickly. He ran his hands down Sherlock’s strong, creamy thighs, watching his cock twitch. John slid his hands underneath Sherlock’s knees, and lifted his legs.
Sherlock quite liked having his face in his hands. “I wanted it to go differently,” he said, his voice still slightly breathless, but earnest. One of his thumbs stroked John’s cheek, and he didn’t miss how John blinked rapidly at that from surprise. Mary must have not done this, at least not often. “I wanted it to be about you, but it wound up being all about me,” he said quickly, wanting to get it over with.
Sherlock looked away, his chest expanding and contracting with a long sigh. “I didn’t much care for her,” he confessed. “She shot me for trying to help her, and I didn’t like the way she treated you. However, I didn’t think you would have appreciated my comments, so I kept them to myself.”
“Not at all,” he said with a little laugh. “That was a big fucking shock. I’m still adjusting--I woke up today and forgot until I saw her--but, she’s great. I just never thought he’d want a kid,” he said with another point up to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s breath hitched, and he didn’t really know what to do with his hands, so he held onto John’s shoulders. He liked doing that; John’s shoulders were broad and strong, and grabbing them kept Sherlock tethered to the earth and out of his own head. He looked down at his cock in John’s hand and watched it get harder, caught between feeling bashful and aroused.
John took a couple steps forward and gently placed his hand over the healing bruises, not saying anything because he knew Sherlock would understand.
“You know that’s not how it works,” he said. “You’re probably going to go through hell with withdrawal.”
“Damn,” Sherlock’s voice brought him back to earth. “I was supposed to do that,” he frowned, or tried to, still recovering.
She looked shocked that they didn’t see her side of the story. “What was I supposed to do? You proposed to me, but went off with Sherlock almost every day. Do you know how that felt? You made me feel unloved, John.”
“I am not obsessed with John,” he denied. He thought he might have been, at one point, but that obsession grew into love.
Sherlock looked up, his eyes and lips swollen and cheeks bright red and shining from tears. John didn’t think he ever saw Sherlock quite like this, and it was one of the most heartbreaking things he’d ever witnessed. “Please stop crying,” John pleaded. “I don’t want to have this conversation when you’re high--”
John’s hands paused. It was moments like this which confused him to no end. Did he seriously not know how kind he sounded? Or, that normal male, nearly-middle-aged friends didn’t say tender things about each other like this? “See, you were like that,” he said quietly, half lost in thought. “But then an attempted murder interrupted the reception, and you solved the case.”
John sighed and rolled onto his back, scratching his jaw. “I left my phone in my jacket pocket. Think she’s tried to call me?”
John leaned into his touch. “’S okay. Nothing to do about it. Besides, I’d rather be happy with you than chained to Mary with a child, especially when I don’t feel confident I would have been a good father, anyway.”
“No,” John leaned forward. “No, no, I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just, when do we ever talk like this, about emotions and bloody romance? It’s unusual, is all.”
John broke the kiss and their lips smacked wetly. He stared down at Sherlock, whose lips were wet and flushed, and his long lashes were fluttering. He thought of Sherlock from the night of Angelo’s again, young and bold and not yet damaged by Moriarty (or Mary), and John’s chest felt heavy as he looked at him.
“I think I should explain,” he said and slowly sat down on the edge of the mattress at the foot of the bed. His gulp was audible. “I wasn’t ready,” he confessed, looking down at his shoes. “I never wanted all this before you. I tried denying that I’m capable of love for years. It frightens me. I pretended I didn’t hear you because of my fear, not because I didn’t return your feelings. The thought of you wanting me--I was so overwhelmed I fled.”
"Help me, I broke apart my insides, help me, I've got no soul to sell, help me, the only thing that works for me, help me get away from myself-"
a teen girl in love with Jim Moriarty: Pleased? Really? Well that doesn't really surprise me too much.
John Watson: Then how are you talking to me...you barely keep a conversation going when you're normally thinking.
Sherlock looked up from his laptop matter-of-factly. "Have you ever ejaculated without physical stimulation to your penis?"
“You’re not my student anymore, legally,” Holmes breathed, entirely too close to John. His cool breath washed over John, who shivered.
Hiro Hamada: Not my fault you're old. *crosses arms* I also won the world wide science fair for adults when I was five. Invented a chip they use in most cellphones today to keep power.
Yes. Sherlock had definitely, definitely made a miscalculation. Without another word, Sherlock shrugged off his blue silk dressing gown, folding it carefully and setting it on the chair in the corner. Next came his pyjama bottoms and t-shirt, folding them just as meticulously and precisely as the robe.
Sherlock Holmes: *smirks* When I was 8, I solved my first murder. Bloody Scotland Yard wouldn't listen, though. And it's okay to be homosexual.
The exited the bathroom together, heading straight for the door and leaving their uneaten food at the counter. The cashier began to call them, but instead he shrugged and popped a fry into his mouth.
But he could hardly be blamed, could he, when Sherlock's miles of legs were naked and splayed like a common whore's, his neck and cheeks pink and blotchy, his hair-dusted chest heaving as his oiled hand tugged at his prick.
“Twenty-four,” John replied. So they were very close in age… they may have gone to the same schools. Except that Sherlock was some boy-genius who probably graduated with honours at age ten.
"Well, it would be slightly more pleasurable if..." Sherlock blushed. "if... I could be more rough with it. I want to... fuck your mouth."
Again, John squirted lube onto his hands, this time more than before. He rubbed his palms together, warming it, until he was pleased.
John sighed, scowling at his laptop screen. His blog had been getting more hate recently, and one particular comment was bothering him.
Sherlock's mouth fell open in a silent gasp as John sat up and reached for the lube. He coated his hands, using one to pump his own shaft and the other tracing Sherlock's arsehole.
"Who do you belong to?" John whispered, eyes closing and face screwing up as he pushed further and further into Sherlock.
Without permission (wasn't that rich), John yanked down his denims and pants, taking the few remaining steps to Sherlock and dropping to his knees.
Still thinking about Jim as he got into his car, John set off for 221B Baker Street, too preoccupied to worry about what was about to happen.
John huffed indignantly. "Shut up, Sherlock. You're such a prick. It's not like I have... feelings for you. It's a natural reaction."
He slowly reached his hand out and just as his fingers brushed against the cool doorknob, another sound came from the shower-
Sherlock shut his mouth. That wasn't quite the response he was expecting. Maybe he had underestimated the amount of irritation he had caused John throughout the past week. He quickly stood and shuffled through the kitchen and hallway, opening the door to his bedroom and ducking in.
Sherlock Holmes: Hurry up and come downstairs. I need my scarf and now I'm a bit indisposed for work.
The blood was rushing to John’s head and cock painfully. His brain was clouded. “Y-Yes, sir,” he replied after a moment.
Sherlock nodded and shook his head at the same time, more flustered than he could recall ever being. What on earth was getting into him? Where was the cool, calm detective that solved murders without even a flinch?
Hiro Hamada: Wait, case? What case? It...oh shoot. *Laughs nervously and starts backing up* uh, I, uh, you don't happen to know a Yama do you?
John pulled out his fingers. Sherlock sighed at the sudden emptiness. John gripped his cock and put it to his entrance, slowly putting the very tip in. Sherlock whimpered but didn't move.
"You talk too much," Sherlock said simply as he let me fall out of his mouth, a thin line of drool breaking off onto his chin. "Shut up and let me suck you off."
Jim Moriarty smiled back easily with a shrug. “Eh, happens to us all. I’m one of those guys who just slips into the background.” His Irish accent made him sound dreamy and quaint.
John quickened his strokes, biceps rippling as he jerked Sherlock off. "Love, I won't make it much longer. I want you to cum with me," he breathed.
Sherlock smirked. "I gave myself an enema yesterday, so there's nothing to worry about there. I'm ready."
John smiled and stood slowly, sauntering over to Sherlock. "Look at you. I say the word and you take off all your clothes like a slut. Are you a slut, Sherlock?" He said the offending word slowly, pronouncing every letter individually.
John was breathing heavily, tears running down the tip of his nose and onto the pillow. “Only half?”
Hiro Hamada: *Bursts out laughing* /please/, sure you do. No one does. People working in the profession for years don't understand me. I mean, hello, I'm a fourteen year old super genius robotics prodigy. Well, that's what the tabloids call me. I just happen to agree.
The last word came out as almost a moan as John pressed the button to increase the intensity of the vibration.
Holmes grabbed it and took in a quiet, sharp breath. So he had felt the zap of electricity as well when their fingers had brushed momentarily. John looked up cautiously. Holmes’ eyes seemed to have darkened a few shades. John swallowed, uneasy by the heat pooling in his stomach. He liked girls, he reminded himself sternly. Boobs and pussy and tits and vaginas-
John hefted up his bookbag as he stood from the cramped desk, glancing at the clock. 12:00; he had enough time to catch up on the latest Dr. Who episode before his next class. This thought in mind, John Watson rushed down the steps of the lecture hall and was nearly out the door when an all-too-familiar voice called him back.
John was just behind him, back ramrod straight. Once in his bedroom Sherlock hesitated, turning toward John, but the doctor simply swept past him and went straight to Sherlock's wardrobe.
John felt the blood rush to both his cheeks and his cock. Jesus, it'd only been ten minutes since he came in the shower. "Unless you're trying to get me to take you right over this table, I'd suggest you stop talking about that sort of stuff."
Sherlock whimpered again (God, he was starting to sound like a sad puppy) but remained quiet. John quickly added a third finger, pumping hard and fast.
When Sherlock had finally settled again, small whimpering moans subsiding, John slowly removed the sound and stood.
He closed his eyes, mentally steeling himself, before swallowing around Sherlock. Sherlock's hips snapped up as he cried out around a mouthful of John's cock, his hot semen pulsing deep into John's throat. John gagged and pulled back, coughing, as Sherlock continued to spurt. Jesus, you'd have thought he hadn't cum in years.
"Sherlock," John began very carefully, keeping his voice low, but before he could continue, the detective interjected.
John hadn’t moved. He had stayed motionless against the door, trying to convince himself that he was not aroused and was not actually a bit excited for this. However, he nodded minutely.
John stood, tucking his limp dick in his trousers and zipped them. He straightened his jumper and felt the wet patch on his shoulder where Sherlock had bitten him.
Hiro Hamada: *Talking into the phone, and pinching a small object in my hand* I told you, Wasabi, it'll be fine. Stop worrying. All I need to do is place the le- *the small rice shaped object flies out of my hand and hits you in the head* Uh....I'll call you back. *Hangs up and laughs nervously at you* Yeah, sorry about that. Maybe this wasn't the best place to test out the new chip...
Sherlock stood and placed his pants and trousers on the other toilet tissue box and even hung his coat on the small hook on the door.
It was nearly midnight before we got home from the party that Greg Lestrade had thrown (he had just moved into a new flat after filing for divorce with his wife. She'd been cheating on him with her personal trainer... again.)
Another small stream dribbled out of John's leaking slit. "Are you ready?" John breathed, wiping his hands on the towel he had thankfully thought to grab.
Sam and Dean: *Dean puts the gun away* Sam; Dean doesn't really enjoy being deduced *offers a apologetic smile*
"Don't you want me to- I dunno, reciprocate?" I asked, eyeing the considerable bulge in his trousers. (I had never been the best at giving blowjobs, but after that, it was the least I could do.)
"Fuck," John hissed, his orgasm hitting him like a freight train. He let out a long, keening out moan, leaning his forehead against the tiled wall as his legs shook with the sheer force of it. Less than five minutes ago he'd been fully clothed. Jesus, what was Sherlock doing to him?
John was pretty sure his stomach had just hit the floor and bounced back up to his throat. He could feel his face redden. “Ahaha, erm- I-”
John groaned, slowly standing and making his way to the door. The hammers inside his head were insistent this morning. He hobbled down the stairs and into the bathroom, running a toothbrush over his teeth before starting the shower.
Sherlock stuck out his tongue, inviting John's hand. He obliged, sticking three sticky fingers in and moaning as Sherlock sucked. "Fuck, Sherlock."
John clicked the button again and the vibrations stopped. Sherlock sniffed and ran a hand idly over his trench coat suspiciously close to his crotch. For a split second John could see the bulge, but his hand was behind his back again before John could get a closer look. Sherlock cast John a mischievous smirk. Bloody tease.
John gasped involuntarily, hips twitching. God, his trousers were getting uncomfortably tight, but judging by the bulge at his right hip, so were Sherlock's.
John bent forward and bit Sherlock's earlobe as his hips slammed into Sherlock's over and over again, an erotic skin-on-skin slapping reverberating around the room. "Going to make you cum so fucking hard. Shit, you're so tight."
They were in the perfect place, too- the middle of a busy crossroads where a perfectly healthy man had dropped dead. Noise from cars and tourists milling about would cover up the slight buzzing sound of Sherlock's plug.
John whimpered, already so close. His cock was twitching in his rapidly moving fist. Fuck, he was like a horny teenager all over again.
"Alright, you win," Sherlock mumbled, neck and cheeks going pink. "Just don't stop doing whatever that is."
Finally, they made it to Sherlock's bed. John pushed the detective onto it, quickly taking off his jumper and trousers.
"Oh, an adrenaline junkie?" she asked, leaning forward. Even I could see the signs of her sudden interest in Sherlock.
And I was laughing, and he was laughing; we laughed for a few minutes, both covered in our own sex, until I finally broke the amicable silence: "You know, next time you want to wank in front of me, you don't need to go through the trouble of an overdose."
“Call me John,” he amended, blushing furiously. Damn it. He wasn’t going to have time for Dr. Who… “Or not. Whatever.”
"Like a finger up my arse is going to kill me," Sherlock snarked (poorly.) His voice sounded strained but not pained, so John took it as a good sign.
John gulped. Fuck. Fuck. Fucking bollocks. Shit. “M-My future?” he managed to gasp, somehow not blurting something stupid in his panic. If this conversation was going where he thought it was going, he likely wouldn’t have a future to talk about. He’d be homeless, out on the streets begging. Oh, Christ, he’d have to go to soup kitchens and accept charity and shit, what would his mum say?
Sherlock Holmes: Quiet, kind, and conscientious. Can be depended on to follow through. Usually puts the needs of others above their own needs. Stable and practical, they value security and traditions. Well-developed sense of space and function. Rich inner world of observations about people. Extremely perceptive of other's feelings. Interested in serving others.
Barista:*laughs* Well, he is referring to when you give him a blowjob that well, you are what you eat
Before Lestrade could respond, Sherlock turned and walked away. John followed, trying not to laugh. This'll teach the prick not to accept a challenge just to have a challenge.
Sherlock had his eyes closed, focusing on the music. The microphone was held loosely, comfortably, at his side as he swayed.
John opened his eyes and was surprised to see Sherlock staring at him, eyes unguarded and full of adoration.
Sherlock's mouth slowly rolled into a sensuous smile. His eyes were still intense and boring into John's. "Enjoy." He snapped the door shut and John sighed, idly pumping his now half-hard cock.
John released him just in time, and Sherlock let out a cry of frustration, hips thrusting uselessly in the air. John sat back, panting a little bit, rubbing his palm against his own achingly hard, clothed erection.
Sherlock sniffed, unable to conceal the rush of blood to his face (but thankfully the rush of blood to his crotch was undetectable.) "You're just saying that to make me uncomfortable."
He got a bit more lube and slowly fisted his cock, flinching slightly at the coolness of the liquid but nonetheless sliding his hand down his shaft. His mouth opened slightly as his eyes closed, and that clever tongue darted out and licked his bottom lip.
"Oh." Sherlock wasn't sure what else to say. John had seemed so... vanilla. He supposed everyone must have their own thing.
John landed a sharp smack across Sherlock's prick, and the detective's vision went blissfully white for a moment.
Some drops hit his eyelids before John could fix his aim, targeting the detective's open mouth and tongue, also splattering his cheeks and chin for good measure. Shit, how did he still have any semen left after the shower? Sherlock was really turning up his libido.
His hand paused around his cock, letting his finger rub his slit for a moment. I could see precum beginning to seep down the side of his shaft and I had the sudden, intense urge to lean forward and lap it up.
Sherlock hesitated. “Five or six, maybe. I’ve had relations with eight people total. I’ve had an enema given to me twice.”
The actual pain is like intense period cramps, but John wouldn't know that, so I had to improvise a bit.
Sherlock's tongue went between his first and middle finger before he pulled back and said quite mischievously, "Oh, I plan to."
Sherlock Holmes: My fingers and eyes are the only things engaged in this. My brain is hardly registering the words you're typing.
Slowly, very slowly, John put in his first and middle fingers. Sherlock grunted, throwing his head aside, but lifted his hips to grant easier access all the same.
Sherlock cried out at the sudden intrusion, but lifted his hips up for easier access. John grabbed his hip and pushed him back down forcefully. "Not for you, remember? Don't say a word, not a single word, Sherlock."
But it was an unspoken taboo to walk in on someone in the bathroom, wasn't it. Bathrooms are... private. Besides, he didn't find the thought of Sherlock listening to John piss while he was scrubbing himself very appealing.
Under his hands John felt his cock stir hopefully. He cleared his throat as well. "Um. Well, I'm going to take a shower."
"Alright then," John announced as if he had just made a business deal. "But there is some preparation involved. I'm not skipping any of that."
My knees went weak and my breath hitched in my throat. Sherlock smirked at me, a slow, sexy smirk that was dark and promising. His pupils were nearly eclipsing the irises now; his eyes flickered down to my rather obvious bulge and back up. Without thought, I reached down and unzipped my trousers, pulling my pants out and over my cock and letting my erection spring free. Sherlock's smile widened.
John stood suddenly and grabbed Sherlock by the upper arm. "No, wait. You knew I would walk in on you?"
Their gazes held for several seconds, John having stilled as if Sherlock was a certain serpent-haired Gorgon, before Sherlock's mouth moved.
"I want to see you touch yourself before I do anything," John breathed, gently sucking on the spot just above his collarbone.
Sherlock, of course, swallowed every drop, only pulling his mouth off me after I had gone limp. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and stood, knees wobbling for only a moment.
Without thinking, he gripped his now painfully hard cock and squeezed it gently, running it back and forth along his shaft. Shit, it felt good.
Sherlock Holmes: Yes, John. I'm sorry I hid it from you- but let's talk about your problem first. When did you first realize you liked men?
Slowly, John pulled the purple toy out of his lover's arse, the other hand kneading his cheek and his mouth teasing the other.
"Okay, you've got what you wanted. Let's get a bite to eat," John interrupted, turning and seeing the two just as he'd pictured them.
John groaned, hands snaking around Sherlock's hips to his arse and squeezing as Sherlock panted. Fuck, this was the hottest thing that had ever happened to him, he was getting so close, the muscles in his legs twitching-
"Joh-" Sherlock cried out, eyes flying open. His expression was reminiscent of a man who had just seen the face of God.
I felt my face heat up as Sherlock pulled a vibrator out of his drawer. Jesus Christ, this wasn't part of the agreement.
Sherlock's back went ramrod straight. "I don't..." he began slowly. "Up until last night, I'd never actually..."
John smiled, kissing the top of Sherlock's head. "Of course, love. Put your clothes on and we'll leave right now."
John swallowed. Shit, he could see through this act. Sherlock knew that John had gotten off on it, going up to his room as soon as decently possible and having a good, guilt-ridden wank himself. "I don't... what?"
Sherlock nodded, neck and face a brilliant pink. Seeing Sherlock like this, vulnerable and needy and at John's mercy, was making him achingly hard. He hadn't even touched himself but he could feel the dampness of his precum on the sheets beneath him.
John assumed that Sherlock turned the nozzle because suddenly a warm liquid was filling him. The pressure was hard enough to not just drip out, but not hard enough to be uncomfortable. He let out a small whimper but stay still, feeling very exposed and completely at his former professor’s mercy.
Sherlock Holmes: The fact that you keep up this conversation about stereotypes even though you believe them to be untrue.
Sherlock Holmes: You're... a woman? Apologizes, madam. Why is your title 'king' if you're a female, if I may ask?
And his index finger was dipping back in, this time to the second digit; I could see him tense slightly around the intrusion but then he was relaxed again as he slowly pumped his finger in and out of himself, resuming his steady stroking of his cock.
Sherlock broke away from John, panting. “I want to fuck you right this second and make you scream so loud you wake up the entire fucking block,” he breathed, eyes impossibly dark. John lay, panting and needing more. “But I don’t want to hurt you, so I have to go slow,” Sherlock finished, releasing John’s wrists. Sherlock’s long, slender fingers trailed down John’s chest and abdomen, stopping just above his cock.
Sherlock Holmes: Your browser history says otherwise. You can delete it all you like, I still know ways around that.
"I'm cumming-" John managed before thrusting one last time (surely that would leave a bruise) and then stilling as he came deep inside the reeling detective.
Then he yanked the door open, closed it as quickly and silently as possible, and ran to the kitchen. John turned on the sink, head bowed in case Sherlock came. Came out. Of the shower, that is. His face was searing and red as he rinsed his soapy hands off, wiping them hastily on the green towel to his right and turning to go up to his room before-
John heard Sherlock take a step forward. "Oh? Anything else?" His voice was hardly above a whisper and husky. John felt his cock twitch. Damn it, now was not the time.
He bobbed his head and I yanked his hair, head falling back as the world tilted in sheer pleasure. My hips were moving of their own accord, and I held his head still as I thrust, hard and deep and rough, into his throat and my tip skimmed the back of his throat, did he have no gag reflex? and then he was swallowing around me, again and again, and with one last thrust and something that was either a grunt or a sob or something in between I came, hard and long.
Sherlock groaned, eyes squeezing shut and a look of pure ecstasy flashing across his features. "Yes, John. Right now."
John stumbled up the last step, narrowly avoiding falling on his face. He grunted, slowly making his to the living room door and pulling open the door.
a teen girl in love with Jim Moriarty: I am, too...Dreadful man. Gives me shivers just thinking about him.
John chuckled nervously, turning quickly to the bathroom door. He situated his hands, trying to cover his half-tented crotch. Sherlock had one towel secured firmly around his waist and another he was running over his black curls. "What do you mean?"
.” But, no, he really hadn’t known, had he? John remembered when he asked Sherlock to be his best man, and Sherlock’s utter shock upon being told he was John’s best friend. If Sherlock didn’t think he was John’s best friend when he fell, then maybe he really thought John would have been relatively okay with this. How did he not know he was John’s best friend? He thought of Sherlock from his timeline, putting himself through hell, all for him. He didn’t know how Sherlock could have such a devoted heart and be so insensitive at the same time.
at the bottom of a pit, and only kept falling deeper into despair until a literal life-or-death situation threw them back on their feet.
Sherlock fiddled with the belt of his dressing gown, still uncertain from earlier in the evening. “Would you like me to start a fire?”
He heard more shuffling under the sounds of his coughs, which were now dying down to weak little puffs of air.
Sherlock hummed, kissing his lips. “Nonsense. You’re my handsome soldier.” Seeming to have realized what he said, embarrassment flooded his face. “Forget I said that.”
“Of course I did,” she set it on the table next to the larger cake. “It can be hers to smash and do what she pleases.”
John chuckled a little, low and deep. “Good. Good.” He walked casually towards Sherlock, taking hold of his hands. “Then let me take you out tomorrow.”
Mycroft’s stupid posh shoes clicked on the hardwood floor of Lestrade’s sitting room. “John,” he called, which was a little unusual for Mr. Proper Fucker.
An uncomfortable moment of silence. John’s eyebrows were set in a deep furrow, and Sherlock wanted to smooth out the tension with his thumb.
“No,” he said sternly. “No, she didn’t force me into anything, if that’s what you’re thinking. She was in the mood, I wasn’t, she grabbed me by the wrist and kissed me hard, and I pushed her away and told her that I didn’t want to do it. She got pissed and didn’t talk to me for the rest of the night. We’ve been fighting on and off for weeks.”
Sherlock looked at him. “I never told you about these; how do you know this was from a time we were apart?”
It really did feel normal for a second, until John noticed something on Sherlock’s jaw line. It was on the right side of his face, and looked like a small, red smudge. It was small enough that he didn’t notice it until now, when he was staring at Sherlock and not distracted by Irene. “Hey, Sherlock, what’s on your jaw?”
John’s gobsmacked expression began to change. His eyes went from large and surprised to darker and...softer? “It does,” he said. “With how you acted today, and how vague you were when I talked to you about this…” He stood up straight, looking at the note one last time. “You typed it so I wouldn’t recognize your handwriting.”
By 7:00 the next morning, John’s clothes were in Sherlock’s closet, his old family photos were in a trunk under the bed, his books were on the shelves in the sitting room, and his former bedroom upstairs had been converted into Rosie’s room. Sherlock secretly took John’s gun and put it in the drawer in his bedside table. The crew didn’t need to know about that. He took all the photos from the wedding and put them through a shredder. Fortunately, any other pictures of Mary were on John’s phone, so he deleted them along with her number and old text conversations. The only trace of her left was the ring on John’s finger and Rosie. Just like that, it was if she never existed. Sherlock’s hand ghosted over the scar on his chest. Well, almost.
“I was the one who told him to pursue her,” he said to the ceiling. “I can’t stand her, but if she makes him happy, I should be happy.” He wasn’t. He was selfish.
“Shit,” John swore. He’d thrown his clothes on the floor, so he only had the time to climb under the duvet and sheets, covering himself just as the door opened. It was a good thing Sherlock kept his pajama bottoms on.
Okay, it wasn’t one of his more refined plans, and he knew John would highly disapprove of inducing self-harm, but Sherlock wasn’t going to seriously injure himself. He planned on squeezing a glass bottle until it broke and glass lodged into his hand, that was all. Nothing serious.
Sherlock stared at him, and his shoulders slumped. “I’m being selfish again. You did lose me, or at least you thought you did. You’ve always been braver than I am.”
He was holding her now, as she slept against his chest, little hands clenched into fists and the sound of her even breaths filling John’s ears. It was past midnight, and he really should have put her in her crib, but the warmth and weight of her body against his heart was the only source of physical comfort he’d felt since Sherlock’s strong hands cupped the back of his neck and shoulder. John swallowed thickly.
“This was heavy stuff for me, too,” John said, impulsively rubbing their nose together like rabbits. Sex did funny things to his brain.
“I’m not like those arsehole people,” he said automatically, although a voice told him that he was actually much worse.
Sherlock huffed in frustration. “What I mean to say is that your body is average, but I find it quite…” He swallowed. “Fit. Aesthetically pleasing. It perfectly suits you. It’s rather beautiful.”
“I got over it,” he waved his hand, but realized he never told John about that before, even when he had his memory. Oops. “I assure you all of my assailants are dead.”
Rosie made a sound, like she knew they were talking about her, but didn’t have the words or comprehension to join in.
John wasn’t sure if he ever saw Sherlock actively angry towards Mary before. “And then she lied and lied and lied,” he breathed, putting his elbow on the table again and putting his cheek in his hand. He chuckled. “God, did she lie.”
Sherlock sighed. “She told me she tried to wake me up by hitting me. I think that’s where the cut on my cheekbone came from. She’s bitter, and told me she had nothing to lose. That’s why she did it. She wanted me dead and you heartbroken. She punched me and kicked me.” He swallowed. “She kicked me...down there, too.”
“We’ve been through this.” She sounded bored. “I had my reasons. If you had that much of a problem, you would have gone to the police.”
John lifted his face and softly pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, and this time, he didn’t pull away. Sherlock’s lips were moist from licking them, and there was no move to deepen the kiss, no hints of tongue or any groping--just a warm pressing of lips, their deep breathing the only sound on the room. John wanted to tell Sherlock that he loved him, but thought it might have been too much for one night. This was a massive step for Sherlock, and even though John was starting to think he loved him, too, that didn’t mean saying it would be easy for him. John didn’t think he would wait too long to say it, but not tonight. This was all they needed right now.
Sherlock was exhaling hot, shaking breaths onto John’s temple. He shifted, and suddenly, something was poking John right above the belt. Without thinking John lifted his head and dropped his gaze, and his eyes widened, breath hitching.
John didn’t contact Sherlock for a week and a half. He wanted to text Sherlock multiple times, but he didn’t know how to start a conversation casually. They were never really the type of friends to send a “Hey, how are you?” Most of their text messages had to do with cases, and when they lived together, they would just send each other quick messages pertaining to the state of the flat, or the rent, or the experiments all over the kitchen. The bulk of their conversations was always in person. Mary used to get them to talk more when she put them all in a group chat years ago, but John didn’t want to think about her.
Tension he didn’t know he was holding melted from his muscles. That would be better. How did John know him better than he knew himself? “Yes,” he said. Oh. He should have been touching John all this time, too, and he hadn’t because he was so caught up with his own arousal. A quick look down at John’s leaking cock confirmed this. “I’m sorry I can’t do it the right way, John.”
It was then that John actually saw his bare back, and his stomach churned. There were scars, as he predicted in the other world. Swallowing past the tightness in his throat, John reached out and traced one gently.
Sherlock walked to the other side of the bed, his bare feet padding softly on the carpet, but he didn’t get in bed. “No, you weren’t.”
“Exactly,” a smile was in her voice. “I knew you would understand once I laid it out for you. You’re a smart man.”
John squeezed his hand. “Please? Nothing bad will happen when you say it. It’ll be a good thing, Sherlock.”
It was cold outside, and the night wind blew through the old walls of the flat. Sherlock had been ignoring the chill, but now he had an excuse to do something. “I’ll make a fire.” He got up and fiddled with the fireplace. Once a fire was burning brightly, he sat down again. John was wearing a wine-colored jumper, and the glow of the fire made him look warm and inviting, despite his palpable misery. Sherlock used to love nights like this, sitting across from each other as the heat from the flames lapped at their socked feet. Those nights, they would speak in fond murmurs with small smiles, and Sherlock’s love would wrap around his being like a soft blanket, instead of feeling like the usual crushing agony.
Sherlock stared into the middle of the room. “She shot me. She said, ‘Thank John for this.’ That’s all I remember,” he admitted cautiously.
“Of course,” he said sincerely, a spark of anticipation running through his abdomen and into his gut. Were they really going to do this? Shit, this was huge. He needed to make sure Sherlock actually wanted this; just a little while ago, he was saying how hard this all was for him, and now he wanted to have sex? John folded his hands together on top of the table. “You really wanna do this?”
A part of him just wanted to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock and start jerking him off, but that would have been too abrupt. He kissed Sherlock’s throat, giving his sensitive skin long, wet sucks as his hands slid down to his buttocks, squeezing lightly and experimentally.
“I’m teasing, Sherlock,” John said with a soft grin. He went back to kissing him, lips moist and more insistent this time. He wrapped a strong arm around his waist and started to unbutton his red shirt with his free hand, lips trailing from his lips to the underside of his jaw. He opened his mouth and teethed lightly at the sensitive skin on his neck.
“I’m so sorry,” John told him, voice scratchy from crying. “You didn’t deserve any of this. You didn’t deserve it last time, either.” He didn’t know how long he sat there, but he watched the sun come up, pale light pouring into the room and highlighting Sherlock’s curls, turning them chestnut brown.
John pulled back, and his heart thumped hard at the sight. Sherlock looked dazed, eyes glazed over and hazy, lips slightly swollen and red, looking gorgeous and happy and young. John swallowed. “I still think you’re getting the short end of the stick,” he admitted.
John emerged from the loo, rubbing his stubbled jaw. He stopped in his tracks when his eyes landed on them.
“I was watching you sleep,” he stated. “I wanted to catch the first signs of your nightmare and try to prevent it. Clearly, that didn’t work,” he muttered.
John thought about it. “Well, it wasn’t bad. She looked nice--in my dream. Traditional white gown, veil, matching bouquet and all that. I don’t really remember much of the ceremony,” he admitted. “The dream was mainly about the reception, because you gave a speech.”
Sherlock already hated this. Should he say something, or let John talk? Perhaps he should apologize first. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly, eyes flickering down to the floor, face heating up. He hoped he didn’t have a visible blush.
Sherlock closed his eyes, aware that John was still standing there. He remembered when John punched the chief superintendent in the face for insulting him. Now, he had to be knocking at Death’s door for John to come help him. He desperately hoped John would want to rebuild their friendship after this, because if he didn’t…
Sherlock sighed theatrically. “Go shower, John. It would be unwise if you talked to Mary while smelling like semen.”
“I’ll look into it,” Mycroft said. “Do you think he will be all right?” he asked with feigned indifference.
John put on his shoes and jacket and picked up his duffle bag, a puzzled frown fixed on his face. “Right. Well, bye, then.”
John forgot this Sherlock never cried in front of him like this. “Sherlock, trust me, it doesn’t bother me.”
What a fucking soppy mess he was. What was he, a middle-aged man, or a little girl dreaming of marrying a prince?
He saw the top of someone’s head, their hair dark and done up in a bun. The head turned, and bright red lips were smiling at him.
The case went as it did before, only this time, John accompanied Sherlock to where he took Molly in the other timeline, and when they reached the train with the bomb, there was no need for Sherlock to pretend that he couldn’t solve it and they were about to share their last moments. John thought before that Sherlock only did that as a cruel joke, but now, he wondered if he pretended they were going to die so he could properly apologize to John and receive an apology. John couldn’t be sure. He couldn’t ask the other Sherlock.
“If you need any help, let me know. While you’re in there, I can get everything for you in the kitchen.”
For the first time since he walked in, John’s features completely softened, and a warm smile took over his face.
“No,” John said quickly. “No. Sorry, I didn’t mean to get you nervous. I only wish we’d gotten together sooner.”
Sherlock looked up at him from under his lashes. “Is it?” He looked down again, shame on his features. “Did she ever make you run away and break down on a city bench?” he asked quietly.
Lestrade momentarily raised his eyebrows, and then his features smoothed out. “Oh, yeah, that. That wasn’t fun, was it?”
That happened a week and a half ago, and Sherlock decided to give John space. He didn’t know if John were grieving the loss of his daughter, or if he actually suspected Mary’s lie, too. John was always smarter than he looked. Sherlock wanted to ask him about it, but didn’t want to cross any boundaries. If enough time passed and John didn’t leave her, then Sherlock would tell him. John didn’t deserve to be married to someone who did nothing but deceive him.
“As I said: you were at your worst,” Sherlock told him calmly. “As was I. I’m an adult. I made the choice to use again. I’m to blame, as well.”
The bedroom was dark, too, except for a patch on the carpet engulfed in moonlight. That bit of floor was below an open window. Sherlock never kept the windows open. Stumbling through the room, calling Sherlock’s name, John found the lamp and switched it on. He only saw a glimpse of Sherlock on the floor at the other side of the bed before he was running to the other side of the room and crouching down.
Sherlock sighed a little, his annoyance fading. “Then I don’t see why we should change our plans because of the Woman.”
John licked his lips, chucking lowly. “Is it? Then I should tell you more often.” He lifted his free hand and stroked Sherlock’s lower lip with the pad of his thumb. “You’re breathtaking right now.”
John wanted to know if Sherlock’s nipples were getting hard, and what sounds he would make if John licked them. He gave a full body shiver, and Sherlock’s fingers tightened in his hair.
Sherlock shook his head, resulting in his mouth rubbing the top of John’s head. “I’m no innocent. We’ve both done harm to each other.”
And on top of everything else, she acted so chummy with Sherlock, as if she didn’t try to murder him. Sherlock deserved better treatment than that. John inhaled sharply. He messed up again, didn’t he? He treated Sherlock badly not only by moving back in with Mary, and blaming him for her death, and taking out his self-loathing on him, but by being as hung up on her death as he was on harming Sherlock, putting those two things on the same level. They were not on the same level. After everything, John’s mind still valued Mary as much as Sherlock. Well, fuck that. Fuck that shit. He was done. He was fucking
John didn’t like that she was literally looking down upon him, so he put his hand on the table and lifted himself up (not that he was much taller than she was, but…). “I’m sorry,” he told her. “I--wanted to go to dinner to see if I’d feel that spark again, but it didn’t really work out.”
All of the strength was being sucked out of Sherlock’s limbs, and his hands fell weakly away from Culverton’s hands and onto the bed. His vision was going black, his eyes closing on their own accord, the heart monitor giving one long, monotone beep.
He was lying on the sofa, barely watching the news on the television. Rosie was sleeping and he was alone with his thoughts. He wiped his tired eyes. What was he going to do? Sherlock was so angry with him that he kicked him out. That had never happened before. John was awful to him for so long, but today seemed to push him over the edge. John didn’t blame him. Maybe this was just Sherlock finally snapping on him after being treated like shite. Could their friendship recover from this? It had barely recovered since Culverton.
She was silent for a moment, then said, “Don’t bother trying to tell John. He wouldn’t believe you. He’d think you’re just jealous and trying to get him to leave me.”
John felt like he messed up every step of the way since the moment Mary shot him, and the knowledge that he couldn’t change a single thing killed him. He wept for all of that lost potential, for the life he and Sherlock could have had together, romantic or otherwise. (But
,” he turned his head to the side, hips shifting underneath John’s, “and I’m not used to this, so relieve it.” He turned his head to look at John with timid eyes. “Please, I need, something,” he said, frowning, “this feeling is unbearable to drag out.”
It must have been even harder for him than for John, considering he never had a relationship before. John’s heart ached for him, for the man who always felt deeply but berated himself for doing so. “Take it slow. Let yourself unwind.”
Sherlock must have barely been conscious, because he put his hand under his chin and sniffed, not responding or opening his eyes.
“That doesn’t bloody excuse it!” he exploded. Then he cursed under his breath and shook his head. “I need to stop shouting.”
He shrugged a shoulder. “It couldn’t be helped. Out of all the things in my life, that’s one of my least regrets.”
John's mouth opened with a pant, "Fucking hell, Sherlock. I really can't believe I doubted you. You're the most caring man I ever met."
“There’s not much else I can do in here. Besides, I slept for two weeks. I’d rather watch whatever the hell this is than sleep now.”
The sadness was replaced by fire. “You need to learn how to keep your mouth shut!” she grabbed him by the collar, and Sherlock realized he didn’t have his coat on. “You always have to have the last word, don’t you?”
John was too groggy to really process anything at all, so he just whispered, “Shh, don’t get up, ’s okay.”
"You did," he murmured, tone warm like honey. "No one's ever done that for me before. Send me stuff. It was nice. You." His ears turned rosy. "You made me feel--wanted, in a way Mary never has."
Sherlock felt John kissing his bare shoulder, and he groaned and buried his face into his pillow. “Go away, I’m sleeping,” he mumbled, keeping his eyes closed, shivering at how John’s lips tickled his skin.
Sherlock felt guilty. John was only trying to help him. But, he couldn’t say it. What was he supposed to do, admit he almost got hard staring at his arse, and then deduced that he and his wife had sex last night, and that upset him? He obviously couldn’t do that.
just to see the look on her face, to rub it in that he knew more about her than she thought, but there was no justifiable way for him to know her real name. “Mary. If that’s your real name.”
They were quiet. John loved the weight of Sherlock’s body on his. His thigh was just barely an inch away from his groin, and he thought about turning over and kissing Sherlock, touching each other and having sex again. They had all day to do nothing but lounge around in this bed.
“Oh, I’m so relieved,” he tried to sound sarcastic, but his voice shook. He swallowed. “So, um, you saved her?”
“Irene,” Sherlock glared at her, a distinct warning in his tone, somehow looking paler than he had a moment ago.
John thought. Not that he blamed Sherlock, of course. He probably had a clinical, detached view of sex back then, not knowing how much emotion could play into the situation. John knew that emotion could have a huge impact on sex, but knowing that and experiencing it were two different things, and he didn’t feel that much more confident than Sherlock.
In his bedroom, he looked at himself in the mirror. He wore a fake white beard with a long, white wig under a wool cap, sunglasses, and a brown trenchcoat. It was good enough. He just needed to look enough like someone else so the receptionist wouldn’t recognize him when he came in as himself with his injured hand. He put his own coat in a brown paper bag along with an empty glass bottle and left his flat with the roses.
John laughed bitterly. “That’s a sign, isn’t it, of how much my marriage fell apart.” He rubbed his eyes. “I feel desensitized to her bullshit. I feel like a fool for falling to her, to be honest.”
“Me?” John asked. “She was excited. She kicked her feet and clung to me. Hm. Kinda felt bad, not remembering her.”
They sat down at one of the tables outside of the cafe, Sherlock next to John, and Mary by herself on the other side of the table.
Sherlock’s toes curled and he knew he had never been this warm before. It felt like he was in a cocoon on blankets with John, their shared body heat radiating between them. John’s lips were warm, and when he parted them and coaxed Sherlock’s mouth open, he tasted of mint toothpaste. His movements were slow, but firm. He was kissing Sherlock to be languid, but not gentle. In between caresses, he sucked and nibbled on Sherlock’s lower lip. John moved his hand from his cheek and wrapped his arm around his waist.
Sherlock looked into his eyes intently, gaze piercing. John remembered a time when he was intimidated by that stare. “Why not?” he asked simply. Mouth tightening imperceptibly, he brought one of his hands to John’s face and brushed a tear away with his thumb, tender in a way John didn’t know he could be.
Dry-heaving was not a normal reaction to seeing one’s best friend and spouse in the moment, he knew. Sherlock was aware that he was being irrational right now. Humiliation was understandable, he thought, but he felt downright sorrow. It was
“Oh, I’m fine as a...as a…” Sherlock struggled to find the word. “As a fine person,” he concluded lamely.
John’s vision was still a little blurry, but he could see the guilt on Sherlock’s face. God, he hadn’t even blamed the bonfire incident on Sherlock in his original timeline. Did Sherlock blame himself then, too? And yet, in the original timeline, John had not forgiven him for anything yet, so he must have felt even worse.
“You shouldn’t have to, since Mycroft is sending her the divorce papers.” For that favor, Sherlock had to attend Christmas dinner this year to please his parents. He would do it for John. Plus, he sort of liked the idea of bringing John to his parents’ house this year as his partner, when this past Christmas, he and Mary made up in his parents’ sitting room.
Mary never complimented him like this. Ever. She said he was sexy sometimes, but this was compliment was out of pure affection. John lowered his hands, not sure how to respond.
“Be careful not to drop it,” he ordered the member from his network for the day (Viola? Violet? Vienna? He was never good with first names).
Sherlock looked up at him from under his lashes. “If you’re with me, then I won’t be,” he said honestly.
An ache crawled into his stomach, and it was as if all hope at spending time with Sherlock flew out of his chest, leaving him empty.
John’s hand gripped the chair. “That wasn’t the only confession he heard,” he said quietly, looking down at the floor.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered down. “You’ve always, so badly, wanted proof that I’m not a machine and in your mind, being with the Woman would be confirmation that I’m not the sociopath you think I am.”
John sighed angrily. “Sherlock, she tried to kill you. She was never sorry about it. Never. Her stunt at the aquarium with Norbury was too little too late. Why didn’t she ever apologize before? I realized just how...how
His mind was blank, then rapidly went into overdrive. John had feelings for him. He wasn’t reacting negatively to thinking they were married. He thought the idea made
John was reminded once again, perhaps now more than ever, that a look into the depth of Sherlock’s heart was a shockingly intense experience. As much as Sherlock crushed his heart just a few hours ago, John felt incredibly sorry for him, especially if this were a misunderstanding. Was it?
“A little,” he said, and sat up to shimmy out of the dressing gown and take off his shirt. Since he was already feeling vulnerable, John undressed completely, too. He didn’t think he was exactly succeeding in making Sherlock feel calm, but if he were honest with himself, freeing his cock from the constraints of his jeans and pants was a relief.
“You made me think your skull cracked on the pavement. How could you think I cared so little about you?” he asked. John felt like he could ask all the questions that had been on his mind for years. He didn’t care if they normally stayed far away from deep conversations. He still wasn’t 100% sure this was real. Fuck everything. He looked back at Sherlock.
Sherlock turned around on the cushions to face him, long legs bent at the knee. With the bandages and the dark circles under his eyes, he looked incredibly worn out and vulnerable. John’s heart clenched.
John’s shoulders moved up and down in a quiet sigh. “I won’t stop being angry for a little while, but that’s because of me, not you. I need to be pissed off for awhile.”
Trembling slightly, Sherlock placed his hand over John’s, causing him to look back up and for their eyes to lock. His heart pounded, and he held John’s fingers. He blinked at him, studying his face, and saw no secrets, just raw emotion. This was real. It was happening. “You…” His mouth felt dry. He swallowed. “You love me.”
Neither moves to clean themselves up, so they just lie there, chests heaving and breaths shaky. Watson curls towards Holmes and kisses him lazily, sleep already overcoming him. He sighs, pressing a kiss to Holmes' cheek.
"Right, because only smart criminals carry knives, so there was no need to worry," Watson says sarcastically. He presses a clean tissue to the cut, which is still bleeding heavily. "This needs stitches." He glares at the detective. "And you're only getting local anaesthetic."
“Holmes!" He shouts, his voice muffled. The violin stops with a screech. Watson sighs, shutting his eyes and trying to get back to sleep.
Holmes yawns again. "If that's what my doctor orders." He rests his head on Watson's shoulder, rubbing his cheek on the rough fabric of Watson's coat. Watson blinks forcefully, trying to clear his head. He turns to look at the back of Holmes head. He resists the urge to touch his friend's dark curls. Why does I keep being lead into these situations? He thinks. Why do I keep letting him do this to me? He knows the answer, of course. But he won't admit it, even to himself. It's too dangerous.
They're currently lying on the couch—jackets gone, shirts and trousers still on—Holmes draped shamelessly on top of Watson. Holmes is resting his chin on Watson's chest, tracing circles on the doctor's abdomen with one hand and stroking Watson's bicep with the other. Watson is smiling down at him and his hands are clasped around Holmes' waist. The detective presses upwards to kiss his doctor lazily, slipping his tongue into Watson's mouth and idly licking the doctor's tongue. He pulls away and begins peppering kisses along Watson's jaw and chin. He's aware that he hasn't shaved in a few days, so he knows his stubble is rubbing and burning Watson's face. He also knows his doctor will put up with it because he loves him, and the occasions he wants to show affection are to be treasured or... well, put up with.
It doesn't take long for someone as experienced as Watson—he's had to stitch Holmes up multiple times. He's cleaning up the blood that's oozed out when Holmes' breathing slows. With a jolt of panic he realises Holmes is asleep.
"Oh no you don't," Watson whispers and slaps Holmes across the face. The detective wakes up with a jerk and a yelp. He scowls at Watson.
Holmes lets out a soft whine but he pulls back and rests his head against Watson's shoulder. With a yawn, the detective fell almost immediately to sleep. He curls inwards, his body wrapping around Watson's like he's done this a million times before. Watson smiles.
Watson clenches his jaw. "Sleep." He refuses to acknowledge that Holmes still won't say Mary's name.
He takes Watson's hand and pulls him out of his stool. The doctor trips and Holmes slips his arm under his flatmate's. He half supports, half carries Watson out of the bar. He persistently tries to kiss Holmes' neck, mumbling nonsense, the sounds vibrating through Holmes' body. It reminds the detective of when he can't sleep at night, so Watson talks to him about anything, from the stories he read in his newspaper that morning to tales from his childhood. It didn't matter what he was saying, Watson's voice always lulls him to sleep.
He starts mouthing down Watson's neck, leaving sloppy wet kisses in his wake. Watson leans his head back and sighs. Holmes unbuttons the top of Watson's shirt so he can reach the doctor's collarbones and breast.
"It wasn't supposed to be difficult, he wasn't a particularly intelligent criminal," the detective huffs.
The detective lets the violin slips from his hand and he slides into Watson's bed, despite the doctor's protests— "You have your own bed!" "I prefer yours." —and pulls Watson tight. The detective kisses Watson's neck, teasing the skin there until Watson turns to kiss his mouth. Holmes is hungry and lustful and he kisses Watson with vigour, exploring his mouth with his tongue. Watson lets him; he's too tired to argue, and besides, it's rather pleasant tasting Holmes on his tongue. The doctor pulls back a little and Holmes' kisses land on his chin.
"Sorry," Watson says sympathetically. "Alright..." He's assessed the wound. "Luckily, your criminal has a bad aim. He's missed your arteries and hasn't cut deep enough to severely damage your arm movement, but you won't be able to chase criminals for a while." He shoots Holmes a look, who looks away guiltily. "You should have told me you were going out, I would have come." And maybe this wouldn't have happened.
The pure suggestion in the look he gives Watson makes the doctor squirm, flush crawling up his neck.
Watson smirks and pulls his hand away. Holmes takes a shaky breath. He gazes at Watson through his lashes, looking at his lover straddled above him, smiling smugly down at him. He knows that Watson can bring him to edge within a few minutes, and he knows that Watson knows this too. His lover blinks at him, giving him a moment to recover with shuddery breaths.
First he slaps Holmes' shoulder at a joke, but his hand stays there. Holmes doesn't comment. He knows Watson loses his inhibitions a little when he's drunk. Then Watson's hand moves to his knee to steady himself, and again his hand doesn't retreat. Holmes shoots him a look which Watson pointedly ignores. Next, up his leg, rubbing the detective's thigh. Holmes casts his eyes around the room. No one's paying attention to them. He swallows nervously anyway. When Watson moves his hand between his legs, Holmes shoots up, not willing to play this dangerous game in public.
He pulls his fingers from Holmes' hair nervously. Holmes lets out a soft whine and reaches up to take the doctor's hand. He pulls it down, leading it to rest on his neck. Now Watson is stroking the nape of Holmes' neck, occasionally twisting his fingers into his hair. He accidentally brushes the tendon by Holmes' collar and the detective shudders slightly. Watson falters, swallowing. His hand shakes a little as he moves to touch Holmes' cheek. He brushes his fingers over the stubble on his flatmate's face.
Holmes frowns. Watson tries not to smile at how indignant the detective looks. He wipes clean a spot besides the wound to inject the anaesthetic, and Holmes bites back a groan as the needle pierces his skin. Watson avoids Holmes' gaze for the next few minutes while he waits for the anaesthetic to take effect. He threads his needle and prepares to stitch up Holmes' wound.
Watson wakes up to Holmes playing violin at 3 am. He groans and rolls over, covering his ears with his pillow.
"You smell so good, Holmes, you know that?" Watson rambles loudly. Holmes blushes and presses a hand to the doctor's mouth to shut him up. Watson presses wet hot kisses to his palm. The detective sighs.
Holmes knows—better than Watson himself—that Watson is too tired and drunk to be in charge, so he takes over where Watson left off. He moves his hips sharply against Watson's. The unrestrained way Watson arches his back almost throws Holmes off-balance, and the moan that fills Holmes' ears makes his ever-racing brain short-circuit. He wants to hear it again. He leans down to kiss Watson, pressing his tongue into the doctor's open mouth. The wet heat sends a shiver of arousal through them both. Their clothed erections rub together and Holmes decides that their trousers have to go. He needs Watson bare against him. He reaches one hand down—his other is preoccupied stroking Watson's chest—and fumbles with his own trouser buttons. They come open quickly and he wriggles out of them—and his pants—which presses him naked against Watson's thigh. He hums. Now for Watson's trousers. Undoing them one-handed proves to be more difficult than he anticipated. He breaks the kiss to swear under his breath. He sits back on his heels so he can use both hands. Watson watches him, amused and a little impatient. Holmes' hands shake with anticipation and excitement.
