“Do you think he has any idea?” Tony whispered softly as he sat in front of Peter’s crib.
“Well, why don’t we make a batch? And then later you can decorate a card and give it to her at school tomorrow. How does that sound?” Peter nodded enthusiastically. “Alright, so we’re gonna need sugar…”
“Anymore?” ‘Clyde's’ face shifted from one of confusion to dawning. “You're breaking up with me? That's what this note meant? That's you're done?” He looked back and forth between Tony and the note in his hand as if that would change the writing on the paper.
Yawning loudly, Steve finished brushing his teeth and was about to collapse on his bed when he noticed that a certain genius philanthropist was significantly absent. Forcing his feet to move, he trudged out into the hallway where he saw a light casting under the doorway of Peter’s room.
Tony sighed in defeat before picking up his slice of pizza.
“I’ll text Clint,” Tony said as he pulled his phone out of his back pocket and started typing against the small screen.
“No harm?” The brunette said behind him, “Ya just killed the guy. I’m pretty sure ‘no harm down’ ain't true.”
About a month-and-a-half later is when the whole world seemed to freeze. Steve Rogers was exiting a building, about to put on his gloves, due to the bracing, fall weather, when he saw a woman get mugged on the street. A man wearing a black hood over his head pointed a gun at her as he grabbed her purse and ran. Immediately Steve rushed to her aid and stopped the hooded man before he got too far away. While doing this, he gained a lot of attention. Soon a crowd formed around the scene, dozens of people filming everything with there cell phones. Steve had been so busy trying to calm the woman down, once he returned her purse, that he hadn’t realized that he didn’t put his gloves back on. Once he made that realization, he heard a high pitched voice yell, “Look at his hand!”
“Steve hides the Cheetos behind the pretzels, and the ice cream behind the frozen Brussel sprouts, in the freezer,” Bucky said as he grabbed a bottle of root beer out from behind a bag of flour.
“It’s always you.” He said before carefully turning off the record button and shutting off the helmet.
“Steve. That’s my name.” Tony completely froze. The Captain brought his hands forward and cupped his cheeks, spreading his tears with his thumb. “Steve Rogers.”
………..
“Guess not,” he shrugged, walking past him to a bag hidden in the shadows. Tony rolled his eyes when he saw what the man pulled out.
“Papa, this is Ned!” Peter yelled as his teacher finally caught him.
“It wasn’t intentional,” Tony protested, “I just didn’t know what to get him, and now I’m out of time.” He picked up a tiny red and blue winter coat off the rack to his left and held it in his hands. He imaged how Peter would look wearing it, strapped in his stroller, as he and Steve took him for a walk in Central Park. Smiling to himself, he placed the tiny jacket in his cart.
But most importantly, Tony imagined a day where he wouldn’t imagine he was with Steve instead of the person he actually was with.
The TV was suddenly turned off. “Breathe, man,” he heard Sam say before he felt a hand press firmly on his shoulder. “Is this his first press conference?” Steve asked. He took deep breaths in order to calm himself. “Yes, he’s been taking a lot of fire from the people and –” “Tasha, I don’t think this is –” “He has to know, Sam,” Steve heard him sigh. “I need to talk to Nat,” Steve whispered, the unspoken
Then Fury assigned her to Stark.
She saw Tony take something from his trunk – Steve’s shield. She saw Tony holding it up for Steve as he tried it on. Looking at them, now, Nat couldn’t help but wonder what could’ve been if Tony didn’t have Pepper and Morgan. She couldn’t help but wonder what if it was Steve and Tony who had a kid together but she didn’t want to entertain those thoughts because Tony’s happy. And no matter how much her heart aches for Steve, she can’t find it in herself to wish that they should’ve been together.
“That’s quite above our pay grade,” Tony said before releasing a forced laugh. “The Avengers will only operate when it is necessary for the safety of the world, that is, if there are attacks coming from other species or when someone uses technology belonging to such,” he finished.
And then he faded.
,” the sharpness of Peter’s tone took him aback. Tony closed his eyes before sighing. “I’m sorry, Pete. I shouldn’t have done that.”
“I’m sorry, Tony.”
After that, Tony’s family and friends came to visit. Morgan shared all kinds of things like how Peter does voices when they play with her dolls, the pranks Uncle Clint does to Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky, how Harley explains science and math, how Uncle Steve was better than him when it comes to telling bedtime stories, “he always tells every story I ask for!” She was so excited, it made his heart fill up joy.
“I saw him, you know,” Nat told him, a couple of days ago. “I thought he was going to ignore me, thought he was going to be angry at me... instead of all that, he looked at me and smiled,” she said, “Not the fake one, it was genuine and then you know what he said to me?” she asked, “he said:
That’s when he had this idea, albeit, stupid. He answered the Stark Industries question by making Pepper the CEO. He knows she’s more than capable of it. Tony figured if Pepper was able to put up with all the stunts he’s constantly pulling and was able to deal with all his shit, she’ll be able to run a fortune 500 company. Also, she’s Pepper. No one will do better.
Bucky went back to sleep. He wanted to make sure that when he goes back to the world, it'll be safe from the soldier. And Steve was alone, again. Yes, he had Natasha, Sam, Wanda... friends that stuck with him after all the fight that happened. T’challa was helping him by making sure they’re safe in Wakanda. He can’t be more grateful, really.
. Him and Tony have been through a lot — wars, early morning fights, could’ve dones but now they’re here and for Steve, that’s the only thing that matters.
Steve went out to get fresh air, Nat followed him thinking that it’s better if he was with someone but Tony was already there. She couldn’t help but smile.
“He never said anything bad about us,” she softly said after taking a seat beside him on the couch. “How long has it been going?” he could feel Nat’s gaze on him. “30 minutes.” Steve nodded his head before pursing his lips, “how many times has he apologized?” it took a while before Nat could answer him, “too many to count.”
It was the Red Skull who greeted them. He showed them the way to the stone and explained to them that he is forever cursed to be the one who guides people in their quest to finding the soul stone.  They had a plan; it was all laid down really. The plan was to get the stone from this timeline, get back to theirs, and undo what Thanos did. But Nat should’ve known because it was never that easy.
He remembers all the times one of them will wake up from a nightmare. He remembers all the times he asked
“Can you give us time to think about it?” Steve asked and was responded with hum. It took them another month to be able to decide and when they finally did, Steve immediately informed the King. “Is it possible for you to arrange our flight back?” T’Challa looked at Steve, “Of course, Captain Rogers,” he answered making Steve smile. “I don’t think I should be called that.” T’Challa’s lips twitched upward before nodding his head, “I will arrange your transfer to America, where would you like to land?” he asked. Everyone turned to look at Steve, “Compound,” he whispered but he knew everyone could hear.
“I’m sorry,” Steve opened his mouth to say that there’s nothing to be sorry about especially if it was about Siberia but Tony cut him off before he could. “Not Siberia, that’s ancient history. I’ve long since accepted the fact that we’re both idiots. I’ve forgiven you and I hope you’ve forgiven me, too,” he said. “I couldn’t even stay mad at you, Tony,” Steve whispered.
. Steve couldn't help the smile that made its way to his lips but his happiness was short-lived when he saw Tony.
Tony was trying alright. He loked and looked but when JARVIS ran the scans, it’s not a viable substitute for palladium. He was already a dead man walking. What will happen to him? What will happen to Stark Industries? What about Iron Man? He said he’ll protect the world but it seems like he won’t be able to do so.
“What’s with the whiplash?” Natasha discretely asked when she noticed Steve’s head snapping upward. “I... know that song,” she heard him whisper making her eyes roll. Natasha was about to say something sarcastic but stopped when she saw the soft smile that replaced Steve’s hard frown. “Is there something special about it?” Steve didn’t bother replying because he knows that even if it was phrased as a question, it wasn’t.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony saw Steve and Carol fighting Thanos but they were losing. He saw Carol being an immovable wall holding her stance against an unstoppable force but Thanos used the power stone which sent her flying backwards. Tony’s breathe quickened when he saw Thanos take the gauntlet and put it on. He turned to look at Strange who held up his index finger.
Honestly, I didn't know how to write the end. I just couldn't find the right words to say in order to convey what Steve felt during that time. I found it hard to tie up the loose ends so yeah, one of the reasons why it took me so long to upload this. Trust me when I say I had a lot of drafts for the third part.
There was a blinding light and suddenly everyone was blown away from where they were standing, hitting the wall as they did. When said light disappeared, they stood up. “Did it work?” Tony asked as the security walls of the compound started to return to its place. Scott walked towards the glass and saw a tree with a vibrant shade of green. “Guys, I think it worked,” he said just in time to hear Clint’s phone ring. The man rushed to where it was and sobbed when he saw his wife’s name and picture flashing on his screen. “Hey babe –” Clint was cut off when bombs started shooting the compound.
Natasha’s first impression of him was bad. Well, he was in bad place, she’ll give him that but the reason why SHIELD decided to make said assessment, now, is to see how he will handle his situation. To see how he will deal when put in a difficult place. He was stupid but in the end he pulled through. That doesn’t mean that her assessment of him will be clouded.
Steve, never in his life, thought that
Years have passed; SHIELD fell, Ultron happened, Bruce disappeared from the face of the earth, Thor returned to Asgard, Clint retired, so did Tony... they all went their separate ways but she knew that they’ll come back to see each other, again but then the Sokovia Accords happened and she didn’t know, now.
Steve should’ve probably met the person who said that. He should’ve been shouted at by said person until that wisdom was ingrained in his being.
Maria said that Howard was just tired. He’s been out looking for Captain America. He’s busy running a conglomerate, creating new things for the future – contributing in order to help the world progress.
A lot has happened since, really. The Avengers formed together because of Loki and the Chitauri attack. After, they moved in with Stark and resided in – what was dubbed now as – the Avengers Tower. If she was being honest, she knew that agreeing with Sta – Tony about moving into the tower could only end up in two ways, it’s either they start hating each other’s guts (because they were dysfunctional; a man out of time, a man with daddy issues, a god, two master assassins, and a green rage monster so really no surprise if it all turns to shit) or she’ll have a team.
He thought Steve wouldn’t do it.
wasn’t recovered so they just have to settle for what they can give (less than what Natasha could ever deserve but they try, anyways).
She knew that in the end Tony came to help Steve (which just proves the fact that they always come back to each other). She didn’t know what happened after that, Steve always dodges the topic when it comes up but based on his reactions, she’d say that it turned out for the worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
God, he wishes for more time, for just a few more minutes, a few more seconds, as much time as he could have.
“Wow,” Clint was the first to speak. “He wanted to invite everyone, or at least those who will stay on earth, to participate in creating this foundation. He believed that having more people involved to help and advocate, the more successful the foundation will be. He believed that you can help promote it to get more donations,” Pepper explained. “I’m in,” Steve looked at Bruce and smiled. “Me, too, I owe both of them for the rest of my life,” Clint said, tone determined. “We all do,” Wanda stated. “I think it’s safe to say that we’re all on board,” Pepper smiled. “We’ll do this after bringing the stones back on their timeline, if that’s okay?” Steve asked her to which she responded with a nod.
They went to Wakanda, they fought Thanos, they lost, half the universe turned to dust... she doesn’t know what she’ll do. The first few weeks all they did was try to find something, anything that could lead them to Thanos and eventually restore what they had lost. Then Tony came back. He looked like shit. He was malnourished and dehydrated but he was alive and he was being carried by a blue... cyborg?
sorry,” Tony said. “We were supposed to be protecting you but it turned out that we were the main cause of your hurt.”
Steve was in his quarters when Natasha came in, Sam hot on her heels. “Is there something wrong?” he asked. Both of his friends were looking at him; Nat was being her stoic-self but Steve can see that she’s worried while Sam looks nervous. Nat took the remote from the coffee table before turning the TV on.
” he whispered. Said man took slow steps towards him before stopping when they were four feet apart. Steve was sitting down so Tony was looking down on him. It was like he was a sickly kid, again. “You’re sketching,” Tony stated and Steve nodded, “I am.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve let his lips curl into a small smile upon hearing Tony say those words. He couldn’t help but remember their talk back in 2015 – god, eight years have passed since. Those were really simpler times. He remembers him talking about taking a page from Clint’s book and maybe buying Pepper a farm. He remembers how he said that maybe 75 years ago, he would have done the same but a different man came out of the ice. And how Tony responded by telling him that he’ll get there someday.
It took six words for Tony to die that day. It took six words for everything they’ve built to crumble. It took him six words to lose control, see red, and go on a killing spree.
He doesn’t want to bank on it, anymore. He has to be prepared. He can’t rely on the team of misfits.
” he whispered. “Play it, Friday,” he said and a hologram of Tony appeared before him. “Language,” Steve laughed as his eyes started to water upon seeing Tony looking very much alive. “See, I knew that until now that code still makes you curse,” Tony jokingly said, eyes crinkling with laughter. "So what was it that you said? Fuck? Nah, that's too much for you. Shit? Doesn't fit either..." he trailed off before his eyes lit up, as if he finally thought of the word Steve will say. "Was it asshole?" Steve laughed before shaking his head. "I bet it was asshole," Tony said again.
He smiles back, says something snarky before pressing his lips against Steve’s and softly saying
“I’ll go first,” Bruce said before walking towards the urn. He held up a silver necklace with a snowflake pendant encrusted with diamonds on each end. “She always wears this whenever she can,” he whispered. “Always outside of missions, sometimes she brings it with her...” Bruce cleared her throat as she stared at Natasha’s smiling face. “Said it reminded her of home, told me that she had it ever since she was a kid. It was a family heirloom. She never really had a family before us but sometimes... sometimes she felt peace just looking at this,” he dropped the necklace inside the urn before stepping backwards and turning to look at the lake.
Bruce looked at Thor and Clint, hand held out. The two grumbled before passing $50 to Bruce. “Ugh, why did it have to take them 11 years to fucking kiss?” Clint asked before taking a swig of his beer. “I guess that puts an end to the
There was a long pause before the kid started talking. “You died,” the croak was unmistakable. “It was only for a moment, Peter,” Actually, he doesn’t know if it was only for a moment. A year already passed and he’s still not sure how he survived that snap. When he asked Strange about it, he only got a vague
He leaned in to kiss Tony for the first and last time. “I love you, Tony. I will always love you,” he whispered against his lips. He felt Tony’s lips move against him as his soft voice traveled to his ears.
Bruce asked him what his plan was and everyone looked at him expectantly. He took a deep breath before looking at Steve.
. But as the shield was brought down to smash his reactor; he knew that he already lost. There was no going back. Things won’t be able to go back to how it used to be.
They basked in comfortable silence as they ate. “I’m sorry,” Natasha started startling Tony. “For what?” he asked with a frown. “My initial assessment of you,” Tony's lips twitched upwards. “You were just doing your job, Nat, no need to apologize. Besides it was probably accurate,” he said making her laugh. “Maybe but it feels wrong, now,”
He looks at the flip phone (one of the things that makes him furious to this day because really? A flip phone? You’re going to send a billionaire who owns the largest tech corporation a fucking flip phone???) and scoffs at its outdatedness (but when he takes it apart he founds that it’s actually not, he thinks that this a gift from a certain cat). After the mess created, Tony threw himself to work. He built prosthetics, phones, and clean energy tech for Stark Industries and focused on fixing the Accords. He still believes in it because the core is good. It’s just that some articles were vague and can be taken advantage by the wrong person. He got his lawyers to look into it. He presented it to the UN delegates alongside T’Challa. They made great changes and managed to replace Ross.
But the human brain isn’t that easy convince. Sometimes, it argues back that just because you feel hot, doesn’t mean you’re safe. Sometimes, the sweater that he wears becomes too constricting making it harder for him to breathe. During these moments, he forces himself to remember the last 10 years of his life. He thinks about the things he survived – the three wars involving aliens and gods, being a fugitive, betraying the most important person in his life and he’s over most of it. He already accepted it and moved on. Now, he just remembers the after. He remembers having dinner with his teammates who eventually became his family. He remembers the feeling of coming home though the circumstances were unfavorable, it still brought a tiny piece of joy in his heart.
They talked for hours until both of them decided that it’s time to head to bed because tomorrow morning, they’re going to bring everyone back.
As he laid in that facility, feeling the cold air of Siberia against his cheek, he remembers.
Steve thought as he watched the smiling face of the man he loves being projected by a hologram.
Steve thinks Tony would’ve enjoyed discovering these things – different species and planets. He would’ve studied it, connected with them, and developed new technology that would help bridge knowledge and cure diseases (if it was possible) because that’s what he does. He creates and builds. Steve knows that under different circumstances, if there was peace and no crazy purple alien wanting to commit mass murder was involved, Tony would’ve thrived in this new era.
She knew she was crying, too. She didn’t want to do this. She didn’t want to die but god damn it, if her family gets to have a future because of this, she will do it in a heartbeat because this is the family that she never asked for but was given to her, anyways; because this is the family she never had before – the family that made her feel loved and happy. It’s because this is the family that made her want to be better even through the hardest moments of her life, especially during those moments. So she’ll be damned if she won’t be able to protect them.
“Nice ring, you get there, Cap. What’s it made of?” Steve smiled as he looked at the gold ring on his left hand. “Titanium alloy,” he answered before looking at Sam whose eyebrows were raised and a small smile on his lips. He didn’t explain any more than that. It’s not like Sam would want to know how he and Tony wedded themselves under the Manhattan sky on the tower’s rooftop, anyways.
be here. “Romance, prosperity, and compassion... she is – was all of that, god, I hope she knows.” Tony placed the flower inside.
You see, the thing is, the injuries are something Tony can live with. He has experienced all kinds of it throughout his life so for him this was easy. What wasn’t was the feeling of betrayal. And yeah, okay, sure, he’s been betrayed by a lot of people including those who he wouldn’t think can do that to him but this time it’s different. It’s Steve. He was never supposed to hurt him that way. Yes, Tony held him to a higher standard and it’s not because he’s Captain America. It’s because he’s a good man and he tries his best to do what is right.
was, “You will all be under house arrest. None of you will be cleared to do a mission unless I say so. You’re here on probation. Any wrong move and you will be sent to the raft which as you all know is far worse than here,” Steve knows that it was a jab but he understands. Rhodes sighed before looking at them, “I know that you’re all stubborn but please... listen to us. The people are finally starting to trust us again and we don’t want to ruin that.”
Thousands – if not millions – died because of something he created; a something which purpose is to protect the world. He knows that there is no way to bring back what was lost. He knows that people are getting scared... he knows that they needed something to hold onto.
Tony ran towards Thanos and tried to pull of the gauntlet from his hand but the titan pushed him off. He looked at Tony, face stoic as if what he’s about to do isn’t mass murder. “I am inevitable,” he said before turning to look at his hand and snapping his fingers. When nothing happened, he turned to look at Tony.
Even though Steve said yes, he wasn't sure if he's even going to be there when the time comes.
The Avengers got separated. Tony doesn’t know where the others went off to but he could see Steve from where he was. He stood up, staggered but eventually regained his balance before walking up to Steve and shaking him. “Wake up, buddy,” he said making Steve groan. “That’s my man,” he said with a smile before offering his hand, which Steve took, and pulled him up. “What happened?” Steve asked as they walked towards open space where Thor was standing, seemingly looking at someone.
Tony held his breath when he saw the mad titan sitting in some sort of rock as if he was waiting for someone to approach him. “He’s alone,” Thor said (really the definition of calm before the storm, Tony just had to make that pun). “And he doesn’t have the stones,” Steve added. “Let’s make sure to keep it that way,” Tony stated. “It’s a trap, right?” Thor asked making Tony shrug. “Yeah, I don’t much care,” he said. “Just as we’re all in agreement,” Thor said before raising both of his arms consequently, mjolnir and stormbreaker flew to his hands as his armor came to be.
Steve was about to take a hit from the alien he was fighting when it turned to dust. He panted and looked around him – Thanos’ army is turning to dust. He, then, saw Thanos who was sitting down vanish.
He didn’t expect to befriend Yinsen. He was a doctor, someone who save lives… very different to Tony’s merchant of death. Yinsen has a family, he needs to get out of this damn cave. Both of them have to. Yinsen for his family and Tony to repent and become better.
Tony agreed to ‘make’ the Jericho for the Ten Rings. He asked them for supplies and the first thing he did when he got those was to make his reactor. He needed something more stable. He can’t keep carrying a car battery around especially if he’s going to work. Also, a car battery attached to the thing keeping him alive is dangerous if they plan on dunking his head in water.
She smiled at him. He was crying, shaking his head... he was refusing to do what she asked but he couldn’t. Not her, not after he lost everything.
After the whole Whiplash debacle, she resigned from her post in Stark Industries (of course, Pepper found out who she was because of Stark). Pepper wasn’t really all that mad that’s why after some time, they became friends.
Tony pulled back from the hug and gave Peter a huge smile. “Come on, kid. We’ve got work to do,” he said before pulling his mask on and taking off. Tony was about to see go attack Thanos but stopped when he saw Strange. “Hey,” he said making the man turn to look at him. “You said one out of 14 million we win, yeah?” he asked but Strange only looked at him. “Tell me this is it,” he said. “If I tell you what happens, it won’t happen,” Tony can accept that so he nods, “You better be right,” he says before leaving.
They went to work, afterwards, because Tony figured it out. They had a meeting about what they know about the stones and its whereabouts. They divided themselves into teams. Tony, Steve, Scott, and Bruce were set to get the time, space, and mind stones. Nebula and Rhodey: power stone; Rocket and Thor were to get the ether (reality stone); and she and Clint were off to Vormir to get the soul stone.
Tony tried to joke but his voice came out raspy.
It was there wedding song. Steve still can’t grasp the fact that the fourth time he’s hearing this is during his first dance with his
When Steve turned to look at them, panting heavily, she already knew something was wrong. “Steve, what’s –” “That was Bruce,” he whispered. Natasha’s eyes turned wide. Bruce is back? “Tony’s gone. He said that the children of Thanos attacked New York, took some wizard, and well, Tony went to the spaceship to save him... they’re not on earth anymore.” She heard Sam asking Steve if he was okay but it seemed far. Blood was rushing to her ears, she knew she was breathing hard, she knew she’s going to have a panic attack any minute now but it has to wait. She needs to calm down.
During those times, he finds that he’s contradicting himself. Looking inside the room, looking at Tony, and knowing Natasha… he knows that for them, no matter what it cost, it was worth it. They had a duty to the people and love for those whom they had lost. Steve eyed the couch where Pepper, Morgan, Peter, and Harley were seated. Their eyes were red except for Morgan and Steve thinks maybe the fact that her dad was never going to come back hasn’t sunk in. He looks at Peter, who he found out was Queens, was trying his best to hold himself together but failing miserably. He was a mess and Steve understands especially when Rhodey told them the role that Tony played in Peter’s life. The kid looked up to Tony who slowly but surely became his father figure.
So, he did stupid things. He admits it, alright. He was a jerk to Rhodey and Pepper but in his defense, he’s dying. He’s entitled to do stupid things just for the sake of doing it.
. Harley’s face was stoic but the redness of his eyes and nose gave away the fact that he was crying and his clenched fists were a proof that he was mad at the world.
, and even if we were a fucked up family...” it still hurt.
but at the end of the day, Lover will play.
The one where Tony saves the universe.
Bruce said that he’ll be the moderator [but secretly bet with her that it would probably take a world catastrophic event for those two idiots to get together], Clint bet $20 that it will happen within 6 months after moving into the tower [obviously, he already lost], Thor bet $50 that it will take them 5 years [still got another year left], and of course, she bet $50 that it will take a decade or 12 years for them to get their heads out of their asses and kiss. It’s Steve and Tony, they’re both clueless)
In the end, Tony came as a friend but then Zemo happened.
What happened after that? It was, as they say, history. Steve brought the stones back to their proper timeline, talked to a few people along the way, and had his dance before returning back to his home –
He remembers waking up beside Steve’s side. He remembers every single one of their mornings; he opens his eyes and Steve’s already looking at him... bright blue eyes and a dazed smile accompanied with a gruff
THAT IS IT. Thank you for staying with me on this three-part journey.
He heard him laugh but it sounded more like a choked sob, if Steve was being honest. “I didn’t think we’re already going to talk about it,” Tony whispered, “But since we are, then, I’m sorry, too.” Steve bit his lip. “I’m sorry for not listening more, not trying to understand where you were coming from about the Accords. I’m sorry that I hurt... Barnes,” Steve shook his head, “I know it wasn’t his fault and that he was probably hurting to but
He thought SHIELD was just some government agency handling government things. He never thought it’s something more. He certainly didn’t think his dad will be one of the founding members of the organization. They left him with things. They said he needs to figure it out. They said Howard said that he’s the only person who can solve this thing that he left behind. Fury said that he should solve the riddle of his heart.
(Both women finding shoe shopping and talking shit about men while drinking wine appealing)
But, it was too risky. It didn’t work the way they thought it would.
Tony looks at his old teammates. Everyone aged at least a decade. Natasha doesn’t bother to maintain her poker face. Clint looks angry. Bruce was trying his best to think of different ways to restore what was lost because it’s the only way he can cope. Thor, who was usually the jolly and talkative one, is now only speaking when needed to. And Steve… he looks so tired.
Steve peaked inside and the room and saw his husband giving his,
Although, it doesn’t stop him from carrying the phone wherever he goes.
Tony continued to list everyone making Steve laugh. "Shellhead, that's a long list of people," he whispered. “Oh and one last thing before I end this," Tony took three steps forward. His face is close to Steve's now. "Take care of yourself, for me," he said. “I know I asked you to take care of our family but if you have other plans, plans which will make you happy then by all means, ignore me," Oh, yes, even though they haven't spoke in a long time before Thanos, Tony still knows him. "You probably have plans but I hhope it doesn't involve bottling your feelings up which leads me to another thing -- yeah, I know, I said last one earlier but give me some credit! I saved the universe - along with Nat and everybody else but still - I get to have a long list," he added before turning serious, once again. "Mourn me, Steve, me and Natasha. Promise me you won’t shut people out, that you won’t throw yourself to missions after missions because that’s what you did with Aunt Peggy and honestly, that’s not how you should honor the person you love,” Steve smiled, “I promise,” he whispered. “Take care of our family and they’ll take care of you, too,” he said with a smile before taking a few more steps toward Steve.
Steve took a shaky breath before turning around and answering. “He finally called, huh?” she heard Sam say beside her, “Cap will finally stop dyeing his suit black and probably shave the beard,” he added and Nat couldn’t help but laugh, “Yeah.”
– was what Rhodes told him.
The Avengers are back.
When the gauntlet was finally ready, Thor volunteered. He said he’ll put it on and bring everyone back but Bruce stepped in and said that he’ll do it because it’s mostly gamma and well, it’s like he was made for it, is what he said. When Bruce put it on, he collapsed because of the weight of the power of the stones. His left arm started to burn and was slowly becoming charred. “Bruce, are you okay?” Steve asked the same time Thor shouted for him to take the gauntlet off. “I’m okay, I can do this,” he replied before lifting up his arm and snapping his fingers.
After his conversation with Fury he went inside the cabin where he found Clint, Thor, Bruce, and Pepper sitting on the dining table while the other avengers were spread on the kitchen. “Steve, take a seat,” Pepper said with a small smile. After doing so, Pepper started to speak again. “Tony was supposed to be the one to discuss this with you but seeing as…” she swallowed before clearing her throat. “He called me a day after you all went to get back the stones and asked for a favor,” they waited for her to continue. “He wanted to honor Nat by establishing a foundation in her name, it will focus on helping abused children, making sure they will be able to recover from the abuse they experienced, and ensuring their education,” she finished.
Steve was in the rooftop that night when it happened; he was on his 7th sketch of Tony, “Good view, right? It was nothing compared to the tower but it will do.” Steve immediately came to a halt and looked for the source of the voice, “
The Avengers were gone and he was back at the compound. A compound with only three avengers: himself, a sulking Vision, and a Rhodey undergoing physical therapy.
Bruce looked at the two $50 bill on his hand and smiled knowing that this money will be the first donation to the Natasha Romanoff Foundation for Children.
Jarvis said that maybe Master Stark was just not in the mood.
The joy that covered Tony’s face a few seconds ago was replaced with something solemn, something sad. “If you’re watching this then that means I’m gone,” he started “probably also means that I didn’t get to say the things that I wanted to, knowing myself…” he said while looking at his entwined hands before focusing his eyes on Steve.
Tony went to take a seat at the far end of the bench he was occupying before looking straight ahead. “So, how are you?” Steve couldn’t help but look at him. Tony was handsome, as always, but he looked different. More mature, wiser... his eyes aren’t as bright as it was before. He doesn’t know how many times he has said it, how many times he’ll say it but he looks so tired and Steve knows he’s to blame for some of it. He doesn’t know how many times he has thought of this, how many scenarios run through his head but now, he just couldn’t speak. “I, uh... I’m –”
Sam had the TV opened. He was on the news channel. He likes watching the news so he can be updated on what’s happening outside. “Anything new?” Natasha asked just in time for the anchor to give updates about the Accords. “Earlier this afternoon, Tony Stark aka Iron Man called a press conference along with Lt. Col. James Rhodes and the being called Vision to announce the Accords’ reformation. He stated that he and his team have been working on this for quite some time, now, and confidently said that this is something every superhero can put their trust on,” after the anchor stopped, a video of the press conference played.
Steve walked towards the refrigerator to get milk before moving to the shelves where the pots were located. “Why are you up?” He heard Tony murmur. This is thing that makes the sleep deprived Tony so different from his usual loud self. He’s shy and adorable; Steve doesn’t know if it’s normal to think about a man in his 40s as adorable. “Nightmares,” he replied as he poured the milk to the pot before turning on the stove. There was a pause, “wanna watch crappy movies with me?”
so she decided to set him up with different people (not that he ever agreed).
When Tony wakes up after the fight with Thanos, the first thing he thinks of is “ah, I’m in a hospital.” He’s tempted to move his arm – the one he used to wield the infinity stones but he’s scared. What if he can’t move it anymore, what happens then? His thoughts were interrupted when the door suddenly opened and what he saw made him smile. Tony smiled, “Hey honey-bear,” he rasped.
he remembers the times he was asked
“But Daaaad! Peter is coming home!” Steve heard Morgan say as he passed by the little missy’s room. She’s staying with them for the week because Pepper had to go to an emergency business meeting in Stark Industries Shanghai. “Maguna, Peter’s not going to be here until later tonight,” Tony said before patting Morgan’s head.
He destroyed the arc reactor; it was the only way to stop him. He got up, helped Bucky, dropped his shield, left and never looked back.
Tony knocked on Pete’s door, when didn’t hear him answer he opted to just go in. What he saw made his heart ache. Peter’s got a towel thrown over his head, his shoulders were tense, hands gripping his thighs, and he was shaking. He took slow steps towards him before sitting down and wrapping his left arm around his kid’s shoulders.
It was his turn to say goodbye.
kid was scared because he’s dying but I couldn’t do anything about it, I died then,” Tony lick his lips. “Five years after, I’m still having nightmares about that day. Pepper and Morgan were a huge help. They kept me sane then Steve, Nat, and Scott came to me with that stupid plan based on Back to the Future bullshit,” he chuckled before shaking his head. “I said no because I got lucky. I have a family– I have a kid but then later that night, I saw that silly picture of us posing just so your Aunt May and everyone in your school will believe that the Stark Internship program was legit... I knew I had to make it happen. It doesn’t matter how shitty the plan was, I’ll make it work because it meant that you’ll get to live.” Tony looked at Peter, “I wouldn’t have done what I did if I knew you weren’t going to be here, Peter.”
was heard among them. Sam patted his back before leaving. When they heard the door closed, Steve buried his face in his hands.
It was what he said before making Tony his favourite pasta partnered with apple juice which finally made him smile, again.
“Hey, Tony.  I got you some clothes to try on.  Do you need some help?”
“Good thing I don’t have a girlfriend.  I find it’s easier when there’s no one to disappoint.”
“Yeah.  The phone, too.  I hope that helps me with this.”  Steve jerks his head over at Tony.
She nodded, dragging Wanda with her out the front door. Sam strode in as they left, panic stretching his features.
“I had hoped.  I--god, Tony. You’re so tight.”  Once the pain is replaced with pleasure, Tony meets each of Steve’s thrusts.  His legs are crossed behind Steve’s back when the blonde comes, riding his orgasm with rough thrusts against Tony’s prostate while palming his pulsing dick.  Steve falls on his side next to Tony with a small smile as he leans forward and kisses him. Tony participates, but when Steve’s hand reaches up to cup his face, Tony reels back.
“The last memory Mr. Stark has is when he was at MIT many weeks ago. He'd like to speak with you.  I believe the lack of other familiar faces is making him nervous. I trust that you will not repeat any mistakes.”
“I believe the director phrased his proposal as more of a dare at the time. And then your personal feelings for Captain Rogers prolonged your service.”
“You’ve got to talk to them.”
.  If not me, then Pepper, or Rhodey.  Just call someon-”
Rogers releases his hand.  Tony starts to back away when he is pulled forward and pressed against the supersoldier's strong chest.
“I brought you a couple of other bras to try if that new one doesn't fit.  Both are smaller than Wanda's, so try her's on first and go from there.  If we can’t determine how to revert this by end of day, we'll get you a better fit.” She placed the clothes he was holding along with her additional contribution on the sink counter before reeling him around to face her.
“You don’t want to know what happens otherwise.  We better hurry. Are we done here? Hawkeye, Black Widow--you got this covered?”
Tony doesn’t fight the arms that wrap around his shoulders.  He pushes his forehead down into a warm shoulder and fights back the upset returning to the forefront of his mind.
“They are strictly non-combatant.  This was intentional to avoid any confusion on whether they were machines of war.”
He walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open as he finished stripping and slipped into the shower.  Steve stepped under the steamy spray behind him, brushing Tony's injured hand out of the way as he poured shampoo into his own palm.
“-oss? Boss?  Incoming call from Ms. Potts.  Should I tell her to call back?”
“Here.  My ma used to make these all of the time.  She always said the secret ingredient was more butter.”  Tony chuckles lightly as he turns back to the stove. Steve stands next to him as he finishes cooking, ready with a plate when he’s dishing out the first basket.
“You realize my intention is not to kill you. Steve wouldn't let me anywhere near you if he thought I would bring you harm.”
Tony steps closer to Stark and leans forward, voice down to a whisper as his eyes fall to the floor.
Tony continued to type away at the small keyboard, tugging every so often at the access card around his neck.
“I reckon you will shatter beautifully.”
Steve kept his gaze, expression softening as he reached forward with a wavering hand and rubbed his teammate’s back.
smile and starts to lean back until he remembers the purpose of his position.  Steve watches as Tony nearly falls out of his seat, and he notices Stark’s flushed face and blown pupils.
“We're going to be okay. None of that happened. We're married; we're happy.”
“You deserted your responsibilities to SI five years ago when you shutdown the primary function of your business and later joined SHIELD. Your split focus between the two occupations has made your decisions unsound, so I am now your handler.”
A light tap on his back makes Tony turn out of Steve’s hold until he’s semi-focused on the teen behind him.  Tony watches as Peter’s mouth moves, but his words don’t reach his ears.
“Why didn’t you tell me...?”
“No.  I’ll deal with it.  I wish you wouldn’t go back into the ice so quickly.  I could use a friend.”
“No, it’s not what he wants.  Why did you propose?” Tony certainly does not look at the door where Steve is standing, arms folded.  He takes a gulp from his glass, pushing a grin against his lips.
“Put her through, Fry.”
“I understand your last visit here was memorable.  I can send you back in this timeline to try and correct the wrongs that transpired, but this Time Stone is not from this universe and may glitch.  My few bouts of time travel in this world were restrictive, but in the end adequate after a few attempts.”
“Shall we continue?  We were informed your party needed you return to your vessel by midday for departure.”
Steve smile widens.
“What are you working on?  Looks complicated.”
“Can’t be the outfit, since this isn’t the first time this has happened.  What did I say?” Steve leans his face closer until they are cheek to cheek.  His shortening breaths dampen the outside of Tony’s ear.
“Seriously?”
“Switch to silent mode, J.  Start recording and be ready to send Fury everything if things turn ugly.  Have the Mark LIX on standby.”
“He can't still be in Siberia.  He must have gotten on his plane after we left.”
Tony snapped up and glowered.
Tony tries to smile for Steve again and fails.  He leans forward, wanting to steal another kiss from those bright, pink lips before reality sets back in.
Even as he says those words, Tony can hear his voice break, body betraying him by flinching when Steve moves his arms up his back.
Tony smiles as he opens his eyes.
“Hopefully.  But we need to stay together if we're to accomplish that.  Please. Tell him the truth. We need to hear it from you.” Rogers keeps his grip as he glances over to the nearly hyperventilating genius falling against his future self.  Steve seems practiced as he drops down to eye level with Stark, speaking to him in soft words as he helps the man take deep breaths in sync with his own.
When he notices Steve's scrunched face, he releases an exasperated sigh.
The Avengers’ compound is dark.  Tony sits in the common area, nursing his now-warm can of beer.
“Oh honey bear, you’re too good for me.”
you’re okay?”
“For the time being? What parameters? Bar--James.
“And that is exactly what I would want to hear you say.  God, I am pathetic.” Steve presses a kiss against Tony’s forehead before his hold on the smaller man tightens.
“Since when?”
“You’re not here, Steve.  You can’t help me with this.”
“And we get closer to our goal with each passing day.”
The king promises to go contact Potts after he sees the blonde nod. Steve makes his way into Tony's room, hating himself when his presence makes the man smile.
Tony starts to argue as Wong raises a hand.
“I do care about you, Tony.”
“You know you didn’t have to do that.”  Pepper pulls Tony up the stairs to his room and leaves him next to the bed as she reaches for the glass decanter on the dresser.
His mouth feels like cold cotton.  He remembers eating a handful of snow that fell through the broken bunker roof about a day ago. He does that again and prefers the flavor of dirt to the stale puke still on his tongue.
“I'm sorry. I'll tell him.”
“Excuse me--living pretty?  Is that what you consider this Stockholm prison?”
Tony will not admit how much Peter’s refusal to join the Avengers affects him.  Instead, he is quick with his smile as he takes a knee and proposes to his CEO in front of dozens of reporters.  Dear sweet Pep just returns his smile with a roll of her eyes and says yes. Tony sees Steve in the herd of press workers and decidedly ignores him as he answers a few easy questions from the crowd before leaving the way he came with his fiance.
“Not in the mood, Cap.”
“Yes, for now.  More will come later.  And over time, I am sure we can come to some sort of agreement.”
Please leave kudos or a comment with your feedback!  I love the responses and it keeps me motivated to continue.  ^_~
“I find it hilarious that you own a copy of the Federalists Papers.  Is there really a need keep your cover here?”
“Will do.  Tony, sit.”  Steve disappears into the small bathroom, carrying a straight razor on his return.  He pulls off his cowl and stares at the contaminated part of Tony’s face with a pinched expression.
Steve finished the rest of his tumbler before he got a refill.
“God, Tony.  I know.”
Wakanda is still bright and green.  Even as warriors fall and men turn to dust, the country continues to be beautiful and luscious.
“Hope I'm not too early?” Steve lifted the large brown bag he was holding.
“Jerk. Should've left SHIELD and let you fend for yourself.  Want to eat here?”
When Steve returned, Pepper was with him.  By that time Tony had emptied his stash and returned all of the missing utensils to the kitchen.  Steve's face was back to being a blank slate.
“Or maybe you're hoping I will lose interest and slip up.  Is that why you're acting so apathetic?”
“No.  Get out.”  Tony unbuttons his dress shirt and discards the crumpled blue Brioni on the bench next to him.  He pushes the reactor into the ready made metal hole in the center of his undershirt and grabs for the open-faced watch in front of him.  Strapping the prototype on his wrist, Tony reaches for the right screwdriver, but another hand beats him there and covers the tool.
Tony had started shaking halfway though Barnes's explanation. After a short moment of silence, Tony got up, grasp tight as he tried to pull the larger man up from the couch.
“Anything?”
“New York, maybe?  Steve?”
Tonight when Steve leaves the apartment, Tony is able to stay.  He lies down on the small bed, listening to Peter’s whistles from the kitchen.  The soft tune allows him to drift into a state of void, the closest thing to sleep he can manage.
“Do you see someone?  The astral plane has been out of sync since that day. I am not detecting anything, but that doesn’t mean--”
“Seriously not the time to mess with me.  Not if we’re going to make it out of this one alive.”
seems reasonable.  Always with the snark.”
The blonde averted his gaze, pressing his thumbs together as the rest of his fingers strung together in front of him.  Tony shot Sam a look and took in the man’s tight lips as he watched Rogers hunched form.
James felt the other man smile into his shirt.  With a sigh, Tony pulled his legs up on the couch and settled in after a heavy wave of exhaustion hit him.  He closed his eyes and counted with the other’s heartbeat until he was asleep.
“Sprint up a volcano?  Really? As much fun as that sounds, next week is no good. Already booked for an assignment.”
“You are not fine.  Tony,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, seriously, I hate magic.  Are you two here just to do our job and shame us?  And this scruffy looking nerf herder bit you got going is great, but it’s definitely no Captain America pinup.” Stark gives Steve a wary look before he reaches for Tony's arc reactor with wonder.
”  Steve pushes his pulsing member further into the trembling brunette beneath him.  He gives Tony a second to adjust to the change in size before he pulls out and slams forward again.
“Anything.”  Steve grasps Tony’s fingers between his own and squeezes.
“Then what's your deal now?  You seem to regret your past actions, and yet here you are walking around with all of the other HYDRA scumbags.  Did you decide compliance was better than compulsion?”
“We cannot live in that past.  If we do, we have no future here.”
“Sir, I am unable to identify any component of this substance.  Some of the ooze permeated the crack in your helmet and may have made contact with your face.”
“Yet.” Tony wanted to smash in that smirking face.
“So, pray tell, what is keeping you from busting ass and leaving this hellhole?”
I decided to continue this now that I am done with Stony Bingo.
Tony watches his old teammates move around the world, never staying in the same place longer than a month.  They sometimes stick together or disperse, depending on their surroundings. Five months into their traveling routine, they each get their own place in the small country of Liechtenstein.  Steve can barely fit on the twin mattress fitted into the corner of the condemned flat. Most nights he stays awake, filling up pages of a small notebook he carries with him. Tony does his best to keep his distance, which generally works in his favor.
“Oh, Tony.  Sometimes you're too clever. Just a little late this time.”
Rogers throws his shield to knock over the last of the aliens on the street before he runs up to his armored colleague.
“It’s my fault. May's dead and Pete's suffering because I told a fucking teenager he could be a superhero and gave him a high-tech suit that made him a prime target for HYDRA.
“He’ll calm down.  Used to see similar reactions from veterans suffering from post traumatic stress.  James and I will take care of Tony while you’re gone.”
“You tell me.”  Tony yanks off the damaged faceplate and turns toward the supersoldier.  Steve winces as he stares at the left cheek. Tony sighs.
“If he’s right about those weapons-” Tony rounds on Steve who’s following his down the enclosed staircase.
“Good morning, Tony. Didn't expect you'd wake up this early.”
“Might have to.  Go see what captain leader says.”
“So if I don’t have sex in the next…?”
“Please, Tony.  Don't say stuff like that.  Your life is important.”
“Probably.  Based on what you’ve told me, I’ve only ever known the bad Steve.  I can imagine the real one must be pretty amazing if I fell for this version.  I hope I get to meet him someday, though he probably won’t like me much once he gets to know me.”
Peter is up in a flash and shadowing the mechanic’s every movement.  Tony rubs his hands, noticing the ash covering his fingers doesn’t smear.
Tony hears Peter murmuring next to him as he stares at Steve’s drained features.  Barnes looks up and stares down the empty hall.
flip your shit when Cap chats you up. Double your dosage before that exchange.”
“Jarvis, take him out of the suit.”  The Iron Man armor peels to reveal Tony Stark’s svelte figure.  The Captain steps closer and looks his friend up and down before making him turn.
“Yeah, you told me.  Don’t need a refresh again.  The planet I was deserted on had oxygen, for some dumb, illogical reason.  I’m not brain dead yet.”
“I granted you amnesty.  You’ll be getting that vacation you wanted over the next week at my safe house.  Not close to the ocean, but the scenery is nice. No one around to bother you.”
“I am so sorry you have to deal with this nonsense everyday.”
“I know.”
Steve turns and looks at his husband. Tony has his arms locked by his sides to stop his body from shaking.
They spend the rest of the meal in silence.
“Don't make me punish you.  Behave.”
“Unnatural. We must repair this nonentity.”
“Tones.  I heard what happened.  Wasn't sure if I'd find you ecstatic or on the verge of tears.” Rhodes wrapped his arms around his friend. Tony kept his face planted in the man's soft shirt, cursing when he felt the material turn wet.
Before they shot the spell, Tony stepped forward and made to block their hand. The flurry of light appeared to dissolve in their hand as the billionaire bore his routine camera smile.
The brunette stills his cheek as Steve leans forward, pressing the blade against his face.  Steve narrows his eyes as he swipes the razor down. The short gasp following the movement makes Tony curse.
Unbetaed. I am running up against the deadline, so let me know if you see any issues and I will correct. :)
The android matched his leader's gaze.
“Do you remember every attempt?”  Steve’s words seem hopeful despite the whine in his tone.
“Are you sure you’re okay, Mr. Stark?”  Peter’s hand pauses before resting on Tony’s forearm.  His palm is cool and sweaty, but he leaves his hand there as Tony turns and looks up to Steve’s creased forehead and heavy frown.
“No, Tony.  You’ve been sulking for too long.  You need to snap out of this haze you’re in and come back to reality and
“Not that your dumbass has tried, but I cannot get ahold of Pepper.  Or Hogan. Figure that one out, genius. Those jerks upstairs may be all we have left, Tones.  We can’t waste this. We’ll need them if we’re going to fix this mess.”
“When Daddy told me he liked me, I said it back. And the two of us went out on a date. We’ve been together since.” He cut the crusts off of the peanut butter sandwich before placing it in front of Peter. “Did that answer your question?”
“I’m so proud of him,” Steve said with so much pride in his voice.
“Steve, calm down. What happened?”
“Is that all of them?”
After that, everyone began unwrapping their gifts for the little tyke while they still had his attention.
Excuse him. “Overpriced? Oh, dollface you just wish your ass looked as good as mine does in this suit.” And with that, Tony completed pulled away from the Captain and slid out of the parked car they were sitting in. He didn’t even wait for ‘Clyde’ to follow before sauntering into the restaurant, letting his hips widely sway as he went.
“I have no idea.” He admitted, “He told me that he didn’t want to spoil him too much since he has so many different people giving him presents. “
“Like you’re any better,” Sam accused, “you dropped his bottle and spilled milk all over the floor.”
“Peter, remember what we said? Don’t talk with your mouth full. Chew and swallow first.”
Tony knew this moment was coming for a while, but he had a hard time convincing his legs to move and lift him off the bed.
“You know him?”
“Rhodey, give him to me!”
So far he has taken on a minimum of four ‘missions’/ cons each month. Now Tony understands that Cap isn’t a go to the movies or for a walk in the park date kind of guy. Neither is Tony. But it would have been nice if instead of robbing people, they could have gone out for dinner.
So Tony stuck to his word. He laid down on one of the mattresses placed on the floor, wrapped himself in several blankets due to the decreasing temperature, and thought about Steve. He thought about the time they first met. He thought about the first time the said ‘I love you’.  The way Steve would always come down to the workshop, and make sure that Tony had something to eat. The way he always got so determined when he was on a mission. The way he always tried to be there for all members of the team. He imagined the taste of Steve’s secret hot chocolate and his homemade tortellini. Tony thought of the way Steve would get so focused when he was drawing. The way his blue eyes seemed to shine brighter than Tony’s arc reactor…
Steve put his gloves on as fast as he could, but he knew people saw the silver band circled around his finger. Steve waited until the police arrived so he could give his statement, but after that, he rushed away from the scene to get to Tony. By the time he reached Stark Industries to pick up Tony before the head back to the Compound, the video of Steve fighting a mugger was already trending on Twitter. Along with several blurry photos of his ring finger.
“In a heartbeat,” Tony said confidently. “Why do you want to know.”
“A burlap sack? Really?”
Tony knew that he never should have gotten involved with Steve in the first place. He should have known that he wasn’t the only person in Steve’s heart.
Since that day, the media refused to stop searching for the identity of Tony Stark's secret ‘love’.
“He better, or else I’m going to go to jail for murdering the Avengers.”
When he opened his eyes again, he looked at the broken pieces of himself laying in front of him. He was Iron Man. That’s what he always said because it is true. He and the suit are one. But now, as he looks at the broken Iron Man helmet in front of him, the phrase
And Tony supposed that that was for the best. There was no point in conversing one last time with these mysterious strangers who have become a larger part of his life. There was no point, and there was no trust. The closest he’s ever been to hearing any of their real names was when the Hulk got drunk and began to call Hawkeye ‘Cl-’ before a hand was slapped over his mouth.
bag of Doritos. And I am not letting them eat the other six.”
“Yeah, they did. Maybe next time I’ll give them twenty dollars an hour.”
Because Tony knows that Cap doesn’t feel the same way as he does.
in your life?”
Tony stayed home for the rest of the day, watching and waiting. Not wanting to miss seeing Peter crawl again.
“Well… the two of us worked together on the Avengers and we realized that we work best when we are honest with each other so I told him that I thought he had pretty eyes and a nice smile and asked him on a date.”
“Well, I think that went very well.”
When he walked through the doors, he saw his target already sitting at their table, scanning the menu before him.
Before Steve could say anything, Peter opened his mouth and called out, “ba’na”.
Before Steve could defend himself by going to the kitchen and opening their stuffed cabinets for Tony to see, he heard a faint sniffle behind him. Both husbands snapped their heads in the direction of the sound to find Peter with red, puffy eyes. His lips were pursed and he was starting to shake as he released another sniffle. Both husbands surged forward and each wrapped an arm around Peter.
“Yeah, he looks like it,” Nat noted as she sat down next to Bruce. “Make sure you burp him before he falls asleep.”
“I didn’t have time.” He said simply. “After I realized what it was, I found out the location of one of their warehouses and heard they were making a deal so the Avengers and I thought that we should pay them a visit.”
“What can I say,” he smiled smugly, “you tired me out, Barbie.”
Tony wasn't sure if this was just some stupid code or if Justin was going to be taking aviation lessons. But either way, he wrote it down and then went to return to the table so Hammer didn't start to wonder where he was.
It was never the same for him when he slept with other people. Barbara was too loud. Christine was too freaky. Charles was too shy. Allison was too dominating. Harry was too self-indulgent. But with Steve… Steve knew how to satisfy Tony. He knew how to accept pleasure and dish it out. Sometimes when Tony is with someone else, he’ll try to imagine Steve’s golden hair instead of the brown locks in front of him, he’ll picture Steve’s protruding muscles instead of someone’s else’s noodle arms. He tries to imagine that Steve is the one moaning his name and marking his skin, and not someone else.
hard. I teamed up with the Guardians for as much Black Order info as I could get. And then I spent some time with the folks in Asgard's gang to dig up dirt on some other people. As for Hydra, well, let’s just say that you, Captain, aren’t the only mob boss who I got into bed with.”  At the appalled look on the Captain's face, Tony clarified. “Not Peirce, you dumbass. I slept with some of the other heads. Grant Ward, Hale, Bakshi. But Strucker I never slept with. He creeped me out so I drugged him instead and he squealed like a pig. Of course, there were also a couple of other unknowing informants.” He cocked his head behind him, “Rumlow over there. He didn’t tell me anything that he thought was secretive, but he didn’t know that the information he gave me tied together all the pieces I needed. And the Ten Rings? Well, that shit was just too easy. Once I knew where to look, I got everything I needed.”
“He looks so peaceful.” Steve whispered, “They did a good job.”
Tony turned to look at the object of his affection when something else caught his attention.
“I promise.”
“Huh, interesting.”
…………..
“Really? And what did you think would happen?”
The Captain stayed silent for several minutes. Watching Tony as his mutts pointed their weapons at him. “Fine,” he finally said, “You can have your book back.” Immediately behind him, his posse erupted in shouts of protests but was silenced when the Captain raised his hand. “You can get it back after we’ve made a copy of it.”
Tony felt that he won the jackpot with Steve. Everyone else feels like a mediocre prize from the arcade.
Just great.
Tony truly felt that he should have seen this coming from a mile away. Honestly, he was more upset with himself for not realizing the Captain's plan sooner. He spent all afternoon choosing between outfits and styling his hair
The world knew that Tony Stark and Steve Rogers had broken up. So Tony didn’t know why he was hiding from the public eye. He didn’t have anything to be ashamed of… well… regarding the break-up, of course. So finally when one of the hundreds of reporters asked him what happened, he finally gave an answer.
“Your humbleness never ceases to amaze me, Tony.”
The rest of the night, Tony flirted obscenely with Hammer, laughing loudly at all his not-funny jokes and making sure to appear super interested in the man. By the time the check arrived and Hammer pulled out his checkbook, Tony looked over at ‘Clyde’ who was seething by the bar, his glass of whiskey caught in his claw-like grip.
"Well next time make sure it's you sitting on the other side of the table and you got yourself a deal." Tony rose his legs, hooking them behind ‘Clyde's’ hips, locking him in place. The fit was extremely tight, but Cap did all he could to rub himself against Tony while he rid him of their clothing.
And the day after that.
“What can I say? The Captain’s old fashioned” He said smugly before placing the bag over his head and tying his hands behind his back.
"Kinky," the Captain added with a small smile adorning his handsome face.
“Friday,” Tony’s voice was thick with emotion, “send someone to clean Steve’s room. It’s time.”
“I love you,” Steve whispered in between kisses. “I love you,”
“That’s it? You’ve only acted wrong
“So,” he wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, tucking his chin into Tony’s neck, “A little birdie told me that you confessed your feelings for me and asked me out. That’s apparently how we got together all those years ago.
Tony couldn't go a day without having someone ask him, “Mr. Stark, are you single?”
“The price of your amnesty included shared control over your assets to assure your compliance and to prevent you from becoming a hazard.”
“Going to go beat on a couple or bags. Hopefully that'll help with the tension.”
He descended, leaving the remaining Avengers silent as they stared at one another in turn.
“Please, don’t leave.  Tony please, I love you.  I’m so sorry. You hate me.  I hate me.”
Disclaimer:  I just bought Secret Empire on the Marvel app.  That's the extent of my ownership when it comes to our favorite pair of heroes.  Unrelated--YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT THE MARVEL COMIC APP.  The framed-style reading is amazing.  I am fucking excited.
“You know I’m never going to call you, Cap.  Not even when I’ll really need you.”
“No.”  Tony forces his face up.  Steve’s hand lingers, fingers shifting through his curls as his expression darkens.
Tony feels like he should be appalled, but he’s smiling along with Steve.  He kisses the blonde before he reaches to touch his own face and moans.
this is the same goo from that report, but I may have exaggerated certain points--”
“Pep, love of my life, why wouldn’t I want this?  You’re gorgeous, famous, brilliant--let’s not forget CEO of my favorite company.  Did I mention gorgeous? Besides, Rhodey-bear already turned me down, so you’re my next best bet.”  He expects the elbow he gets to his gut, and he fakes the hurt rather than letting the real stuff show.
“Got it.  Fury’s been trying to call a wrap-up meeting, but your telephone seems to be broken.”
“Okay--what the fuck.  Whoever invented bras should be burned alive.  The clasps are in the back? How can you even bend your arms that far?  Did I not get that ability with this bullshit gender-bender?”
The king notices his guest's widening eyes as he keeps staring at the cryotube before him.
“Yeah, I'm not making you do anything you don’t want to do, Rogers.” Tony rubbed his swollen cheek. His eyes darted around the cabin until they landed on the weapons locker.  As he made to stand, Steve took the seat next to Tony and pulled him over and pressed him into his lap.
“No point, Stark.  Dinner is in twenty.  Either you come out and join us on your open terms or James will force feed you spaghetti and sausage.  As suggestive as that sounds, I feel like you won't enjoy that experience.”
Barnes got up and left.  Tony let himself smile, but this hope died in his chest when the man returned with a book and blanket.
He feels a brush of lips on the top of his head.  Tony sighs and pulls back far enough so he can watch Steve watch him, slipping him a half smile as he leads them over to the bed and pushes their bodies down to the mattress.
Steve considers canceling, but the memory of that hollow gaze gets him out the door.
“He is trying to contact them now.  Tony?” He looked up at his name and met the blue eyes next to him.
“The fact that SHIELD is under a different regime is not yet public knowledge.  I have shared certain details with necessary parties, including Ms. Potts, so that they were made aware of your situation.  Extortion also does not apply as we are not looking to make an exchange.”
“He's currently in the custody of your company. Steve arranged for SI to house him for the time being, given specific parameters.”
“If you had been, you would be dead.  The Winter Soldier did not fail to eliminate a target.  On the rare occasion where he lost his opportunity on the first attempt, my handlers put me back on ice and scrambled my brain some more before sending him off again.”
“I love you, Tony.  I don’t want to have to hurt Rhodes or Potts or young Parker, but I am willing to sacrifice them for the cause.  With time, we all break.” Tony’s tried to keep himself from crumbling, but the stress in his chest made his body tremor.  Steve tucked a lock of hair behind Tony’s ear before he leaned forward and kissed him on the corner of his lips.
“I would have just died sooner.  You know this.”
“More like I have been letting his calls go to voicemail.  I'll check them when my consulting hour begins, which is not until next week.  Or maybe the week after. New assistant needs to put that on my calendar, if I ever get around to finding one.”
Tony feels Peter’s hand tighten around his own.
“Sir, Rogers just exited the elevator and is approaching your office.”
Tony ignored the screaming in his head and the violent flashes from that familiar video as he rested the side of his head on Barnes’s chest and let the sound of the man’s pulse lull his rattled senses.
Stark sniggers, earning him a twinset of glowers from the time travelers.
“Coordinates are in Siberia.  Boss, they’re the same as two years ago.”
“Oh yes, I really fancy the idea of being
Tony nodded, pulling away from the pair as he headed over to the stairs.
“Mr. Stark, you probably shouldn’t sleep down here.”
“I'm going to go talk to Pepper.  Just--keep me up to date? He'll self destruct at this rate if we let him.  Rogers, you should probably check on him in an hour or so.” James took the elevator after he saw Steve nod, figure hunched as the doors shut.
“And what's with you?  You let Tony Stark dictate our decisions?  The Accords will limit our ability to save lives.”
Tony heard the door close and lock in place before his lungs gave out and he conceded to unconsciousness.
Tony wipes away the tears that escape his narrowed gaze.  He drops his head and rests his forehead against Steve's collarbone and he punches the strong arms that find their way around him.
Tony stands, smacking himself a couple of times on the side of the head before he makes his way upstairs.  He pulls out a carton of eggs and a package of bacon from the fridge (no idea where the groceries came from, but he’s not complaining) as Peter leans against the counter.
The door slammed shut behind him.
Tony grabbed Steve's lowering hand in his own. He hadn't rewrapped his fingers, so his grip was loose and ineffective.  Even so, Steve relaxed his joints and gently cupped Tony's injured knuckles, bringing them to his lips. He kissed the nail bed of each finger until he got to his thumb.  He drew the digit into his mouth and sucked lightly, groaning against the flesh before he let go completely and allowed Tony to scoot a few inches away.
Rogers forced Pepper out the door, looking back briefly at the crumpled man on the living room floor.
The mechanic stills in Steve’s arms.  He commits Peter’s sad figure and heavy words to memory before he gathers himself and takes Steve’s face in his hands, kissing him delicately on the cheek.
Steve does not miss the way Tony shudders before he lies back down and turns away from him.
“Yes?  Captain Rogers, is there something wrong with Mr. Stark?”
“Kid?”  He nods at Tony, mouthing some more before helping Tony down to sit back on the couch.
He relents when Tony's struggles start pulling at the IVs near his wrist.
Steve is already running. When he sees Tony down on the ground and deathly still, he stops.
“Thanos will come to Earth in twenty-five months searching for two of the infinity stones. One is lodged into Vision’s forehead. The other is managed by a bunch of wizards.  One of the two must be destroyed. The Time Stone would be the better choice, but good luck convincing Strange to do such a thing.” Tony walks past Steve and Stark, stance tall as he faces Rogers.
“Virginia, should we continue this conversation in the living room?”
He put on one of his older Iron Maiden tees, happy the cotton sank down past his hips.  As suggested, he rearranged himself under the shirt before looking back up to the two woman, completely exasperated.
The final instance is the only one where Tony and Steve appear in the past together. They rush to the main laboratory to meet up with the pair of supersoldiers and Iron Man prattling with the sheltered Zemo.
Steve repeats his apologies from the Quinjet, detailing when he should have told Tony the truth about his family.  He stops his rambling after he shames himself again for his failure as a friend. Tony pulls back far enough to capture Steve's leaking blue stare, mouth turned downward but his eyes a bit brighter.
“Do you think I can convince Barton for an assist?”  Tony gives the Captain a cheeky smile, and the blonde scowls.
“That's Mr. Stark's shirt. Who the hell are you?”
“Will you work with me to fix these documents?  Sounds like Barnes will be safe in Wakanda. We can leave him here and go back to the States.  Save the team and correct this mayhem.”
“Why are you here, Parker?  Isn’t May wondering where you are?”  The older man keeps his brow down, using his free hand to wipe the wet off of his face.  He can’t stop his body from shaking.
“Okay.  Shit. Not how I imagined our first time, but let’s do this.”
Tony Stark definitely did not startle when a heavy hand landed on his back.  He took a couple of quick bites of his lunch, unable to taste the flavor.
“He's fine. Probably just another bout from another timeline.”
“Mr. Stark, we need to follow them.”
“I can’t call you by your first name?  I thought we were past this.”
Peter is sitting next to him on his bed, holding one of his clammy hands as Tony tries again to steady his racing heart.
“I'll leave for now. But do not think for an instant that this conversation is over. He adored you, Steve.  He trusted you. You will never get that back, regardless of the pain you inflict on any of us. You trying to win him back will only make him resent you more."
Tony pushes himself up straight, ignoring the heat radiating from his burned arms and the rest of the empty workshop.
“Not hungry.  Also been having issues eating ever since you drugged my lunch and brought me to this hellhole.”
Warnings:  Steve is a manipulative pretty jerk.  Also not afraid to use violence to get what he wants.  Prepare for some gas lighting.  Also infinity stone inclusion.  :)
Warning:  a dash of consent issues.  Nothing happens, but it's obvious Steve is yearning and Tony is conflicted.
“Steve wants me awake.  They still put me in the chair when the Winter Soldier has a mission, but the rest of the time I am just the same old Bucky he remembers from the forties.”
Barnes looked down at their joined hands.  He let his grip go lax, twisting his wrist until his palm was face up and curling his fingers around Tony’s knuckles.
“Fuck you, Jarvis.”
“Figures.  Why don’t we go upstairs and grab a bite before I get back at it?”
The pair share their warmth until Steve falls into slumber.
Taking in their surroundings, Tony determined they were on the Quinjet.  His heart pounded in his chest as turned toward the cockpit.
“Peter Parker.  Spider-Man? Almost fourteen, lives with his Aunt May in Queens?”
“It’s definitely some advanced form of conditioning.  HYDRA used the Tesseract on him when they captured him back in 1945.  I was stationed there in case things started to go south before they finished the procedure.  Three days later, Steve came out spouting HYDRA rhetoric and plotting their global takeover.  They faked his escape so he could go back to base and begin to put their plan into action. Thankfully he went down in the Arctic not too long after. But once SHIELD located him, HYDRA got their claws into him again to make sure he was still loyal to the cause before letting him loose in the world to start his mission again.”
Several cries and and groans later, Tony starts stretching himself with two fingers.  Steve pulls out of his mouth and pushes Tony down on the floor of the jet, sucking on his fingers before replacing Tony’s.  He manages three over the next minute as Tony pushes against those thick digits until he sees stars.
“He’s not there.  We left him back there, remember?  His suit is disabled. He won’t be able to follow us.”
Tony slowed their pace, leveling his gaze on the group down the hall. He wiped his wet finger on his dress pants, ignoring the residual heat traveling up his arm.
“I'm chalking Cap sex fantasies to stress and lack of recent infidelity.  J, start a log for our defense against celibacy during life and death situations.”
Those damn words again.
“Steve?  Babe, what's wrong?  You look like your favorite dog just died.”
“And you call
“I'm guessing we had a talk, then?  What all did I tell you?”
“Whenever Rogers demanding proper attire makes me weak in the knees, we need to timestamp last lay.”
“Don’t act like you didn’t know, Rogers.”  Tony pushes forward, hands going for the zipper of Steve’s pants.  He pushes everything down before he drops to his knees and takes Steve’s half-hard member in his mouth.
.  All of the heavy emotions trapped in his chest made his frame shake.  His fury fought against the supersoldier’s tight clutch as the silent clip played in his mind again, and he watched the car crash into the tree, his father break beneath the man’s metal fist, and his mother struggle against those plated fingers--
mistake I have ever made and let me reassure you that I will
seriously,
His girlfriend's anger seemed to dissipate, mutating into confusion and concern. She dropped her shoes and stepped even closer, yanking down the front of his shirt.  She stilled at the sight of the familiar scars littering his upper chest, eyes wide and worried.  When she looked back up, she was all fury and fire.
“I am relieved we found him alive.  I must admit, my faith in you is shaken, Captain Rogers.  After watching this man fight for your freedom and safety, I can now see that the respect was not mutual.”
“Let me reassure you. This ruse will not work. No matter what you plan, I will stop you. Now let's rewrap your hand before you hurt yourself.”
Tony notices the kid sitting on the workshop couch when he walks in later that evening.
“Tell her the truth, Tony.  You’ll regret this when you end up breaking her heart.”
“And try not to kill anyone.  For both our sakes.”
The redhead leaves after giving Tony a long look.  Tony takes off his tie, jacket, and shirt slowly, then stares down at his naked torso.
“Mr. Stark, are you
Pepper tried to engage her friend, but Steve moved in her way and motioned to the front door.
Rather than trying to move Steve’s hand, Tony turns and pulls open the drawer on the other side of his workbench and grabs another screwdriver (close enough).  He doesn’t bother shutting the drawer as he starts to work on his watch.
He looks up at that and gives Steve his best glare.
“Please.  Don’t leave me here again.  Go back. I won’t fight you.  I can’t, Steve.” Tony cannot stop his pleas.  He reaches a hand up and tries to hold Steve’s, but after the briefest contact with the rough skin the blonde recoils.  He knows Steve sees his tears before he turns away and continues toward the exit.
“Looks like just on the face.  On your goatee. If you are able to shave and not let it touch your skin, you should be fine.”
New York is a shit show. The post-Loki repairs are in order, and Tony is just glad all the mess of the battle left his workshop at Stark Tower intact. Once he sets orders to begin Damage Control, Tony descends to his haven and takes residence at his workbench as he begins to mentally prioritize all of the necessary updates for the Iron Man suit.
Steve rolls his eyes, but the smile on his lips gives him away.
“None of that will happen. Your safety was non-negotiable on my end.  No one would dare to violate my conditions.”
He expects he's freezing, but his skin feels hot against his busted suit.  He loses another few hours after he manages to roll over on his side and vomit.
moment, thanks to destruction and mayhem (compliments of gods and aliens, which really does sound like a title of an '80s B-rated movie).  Now back in his own space, Tony groans as he throws a wrench between Dum-E and U.
“Jarvis, this is why I hate being me.”
“A glitch, then.  Let’s try again.”
“Mr. Stark.  Just remember, you can do this.  No matter what happens.”
“Yup, definitely shower time.”
But Steve has already rounded the counter.  Tony tries to flee, but he finds himself being wheeled around instead with hands on both of his shoulders.  Steve starts to say something, but the words seem to get lost in his throat, and now he’s looking down at Tony’s sweatpants and--
) chest, taking steady breaths in time with the other’s quickening heartbeat.  His hands are released and he is pulled further into the embrace.
His words made Tony feel like a stranger to himself. He tested a series of sounds to confirm his vocals were a pitch higher.  Looking at his risen wrist, he noticed his watch had slipped down a quarter length of his arm.
He somehow nods, and the liquid down his throat feels like heaven. He smiles and slips back into the blonde’s arms after finishing half the bottle, savoring the feel of fire against his cold, sore limbs.
Peter’s smile is so bright, and Tony wants to cry.
“Yeah, you will need a larger cup size.  Probably DD? You lucky bastard. For now, just tuck that extra in as much as possible and put on the shirt.  Gave you something breezy to keep you comfortable.”
Tony tugged again, but Barnes stayed seated. He took the supersoldier’s wrist in his wrapped hand before pulling again, teeth grinding and cheeks tight with pain.
“Stay still.”
“Do we have--hello, Ezekiel 4:9.  Have you ever had eggs in a basket?”
“Tony?”  Steve steadies him before he falls against the doorway.  Tony closes his eyes as his head automatically turns toward the empty bed behind him.  He blinks, fighting the pressure building in ears and throat as he looks back at Steve’s blurry figure.
“I have nothing to say to you.  And if I did, I damn well wouldn’t have this conversation in person.  Remember the last time we were in the same room together? Or, should I say, in the Hydra death base where childhood heros go to rip your heart out?”
“Sounds like estrogen.  Hopefully Vision catches those aliens before they leave our solar system.”
“I have some news to share with you.” Steve circled the counter and stepped up to Tony until the dishes touched his chest.  He opened up his mouth to refuse again, but a heavy stare and tight mouth made Tony swallow his words as he took the plates and fled to the far side of the table.
Turned out only four bones in Tony's right hand endured stress fractures.  The physician who made the house-call wrapped his fingers together and instructed him to continue doing so for the next two months.  Steve made the doctor depart quickly when he caught the greying man trying to sneak Tony a cellphone.
Tony pulls up a suit schematic on the holoscreen as he scoots his chair under the workbench just as Steve enters, picking up the wrench on the floor as he passes the bots.
“So, what?  Since it never happened here, I'm supposed to forgot how by me leaving, you ruined yourself in grief until you put a gun to your head?”
Steve leaves within the half hour to go change (
Even as they part, Steve pecks Tony’s hairline, cheek, ear, chin, never pulling back long enough for Tony to change his mind.  He mouths the soft part of Tony’s neck and bites gently, sighing heavily into his skin.
“We have made it very clear this is a definite requirement in our contract with the American government.  No lawsuit can be made against our organization regarding this agreement without consequences. The board of SI also signed a declaration acknowledging your inability to be impartial on this matter.” Tony swung his fist, but Steve caught his punch midair and squeezed.
“Most of the communication between HYDRA agents must be passed along physically, sir. The reports we located containing the cypher make reference to a sleeper with code name CASR who will lead them 'when the time comes’.  No suggestion to any brainwashing or trigger words.”
“Can you carry him?  We will need to get him out of the suit once we're aboard, but we shouldn't leave the Iron Man technology here.”
They both laugh before they turn and leave, fingers still tied together.
, because you know how you really feel, and I know how much you l-.”
“While I enjoy their appeal on other people, boobs appear to be horrible.  I can already feel the back problems built in with these bitches.”
Tony forgets to leave his workshop for another thirty hours after he finishes his shower.  He takes a short snooze on the couch and wakes up to Peter Parker shaking his shoulder.
“Hey, Pete.  Are you here for your new suit?  I have to start from scratch this round, so it won’t be ready for a couple of days...”
“I’ll look after him.  It is the least I can do, given everything else I have done to ruin his life.”
“Stark.”
Steve looks up from the stove.
Initially set up to be a stand alone.  Then I had started thinking.  Damn thinking.
They took the elevator down to the common area.  Tony wrapped his arms around his midsection as he glared down at the tiled floor until the doors opened.
“Tony, I cannot deal with your excuses right now. I'll be upstairs working for the next few hours. I hope for our sake you can fix this.”
“Steve?  Who are you talking to?”
“Rosemary.”  Steve nods, accepting the spice as Tony pushes the jar towards him.  Tony hears Steve humming after he takes his first bite.
Strange builds a portal and pushes through the flaming magic circle, leaving the pair alone.  Steve is still holding Tony's hand, fingers hard and cold against the back of his palm.
“Buck? The king can help with the brainwashing.  He's waiting outside. Just bring him this trash after I--oh, here we go.” Steve puts a bandana out of his back pocket ties the cloth tightly around Zemo’s leaking lips before pulling him up by his broken wrist and tossing him over to Barnes.  His friend nods before he hauls his prisoner up and heads to the exit, ready to escape his doubled allies.
Peter tries to pull him up, but he stays down.  When he looks back up again, he’s sitting on the Quinjet across from a crestfallen Steve Rogers. Despite his condition, Barnes is in the cockpit as Siberia disappears beneath them.  Tony shrivels away from the blonde when Steve comes to sit next to him, a heavy hand landing on his knee. They sit still, Steve keeping a light grip on his leg.
“Want to put on the suit and go a couple of rounds?  We could both use the practice.”
“I think an impromptu vacation is in order. How about we take next week off and go to Hawaii?  I can lay on the beach, you can go sprint up a volcano.”
“You’re always working, Stark.  Your girlfriend can’t be happy with you always holed up in here.”
Tony uses a water glass to remove the centers of two slices of bread and warms up the frying pan.  Spooning a healthy heaping of butter into the pan, he quickly wipes the grease off his hands before dropping the bread into the melting butter, cracking an egg in the center of each slice.
“Yeah, especially if it’s that special time of the month.  Pray that you never have to experience a period.  You for sure would lose your shit.”
When he first sees Peter again, Tony drops the drink he’s holding.  He gets a face full of the kid's hair as Peter rushes forward and grabs the glass before it lands on his barefoot.
“Fly the suit home, J.  I’m sure Mister America will make sure I’m alright from here on out.”
Tony can’t help it--he looks back over to Peter.  The young man walks to him, kneeling in front of his seat and pressing his fingers into the wrist holding the letter.
Tony skulked into the dining room after another threat involving the Winter Soldier with a fork.  He initially just sat there, but he soon started shoveling food in his mouth when the supersoldier stood up and began to approach him.  Once his plate was empty and his stomach was angry, Tony fled the table, wrangling his dirty bowl into the dishwasher before disappearing back into the bedroom.  He took a long shower, keeping the heat high so his skin stained a bright pink. Just as he was getting into bed dressed in his designated pajamas (Steve was insistent on the unnecessary standard for bed attire, with Tony’s only other option being nothing at all), Sam opened his door again.
“Come on, Cap.  Your sudden affection toward me is blindingly obvious.  I do remember you wanted to chat when I got back to the compound.  With everything falling apart with Pep, it's not unreasonable that I would make you aware of my long lived harboring crush.”
“What...no, Tony, I didn’t mean that.  Shit, I’m sorry. Please don’t leave me.”  The supersoldier drops to the ground next to him, pulling Tony into his arms and sobbing when he feels the small man flinch against his manic hold.
The woman rushed Tony and wrapped her thin arms around his shoulders.
“You told James to meet us here?”
“Just--tell me why you never told me.  You walked in when I was in the middle of a Binarily Augmented session.  Did you think I was reliving the moment before my parents died just for shits and giggles?”
“No. Please, Wong. Time Stone. How does it work?”
“So if I don’t have sex
“The J’naii had already left.  He is attempting to hail them by other means.”
“I'm sorry, Tony. Just--give me a minute, then I'll fill you in on what you have forgotten.  I want to remember this before you hate me again.”
“It's good to see you, Parker. Just give me a minute.”
The next year is a haze of memories.  Tony spends most nights wrapped up in Steve’s arms, helping the tired nomad get some much needed rest.  The light touches and brief kisses seem to keep Steve from falling apart. After one terrible week spent scrambling across Europe and watching a town of refugees go up in flames from too far away, the supersoldier goes off the hinge.  Once they are alone in an abandoned barn with the rest of the team pressing ahead for clean-up, Steve pushes Tony up against a stall and bites into his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Go ahead and line up the film.  I’ll go check see if we have any popcorn.  Do we have any pop? Kid’s not old enough for beer, though back in my day no one really cared much.”
“Maybe you shouldn't--” Steve looks over to Rogers, beard long and gnarly and blue eyes dull and done.
“There's no chance you can penetrate the bunker’s defense without killing me.”
Tony wanted to believe Steve.  He bit into his sandwich again before noticing he was eating alone.  He assumed the fog collecting in his mind was his paranoia getting away from him.
‘Clyde’, ever the apparent boy scout, had already prepared for this scenario and hid a bottle of lube along with condoms in the car. Spreading him open wasn’t the easiest fit, but soon Cap was pushing inside him, and Tony couldn’t find himself able to care about their current location.
“Good,” Steve ruffled the curls on top of Peter's head, “now finish your cereal. We need to leave for school in 20 minutes.”
“Me too!”
Steve couldn’t help but laugh as he gave his husband a kiss on the cheek. “Hun, they’ve eaten
“I need to know,” Tony said, his fingers finally uncurling from their tight grip on the book, “How did you not know who Brock Rumlow was? He has a whole page dedicated to him in the book, plus they're a picture of him stapled in it and he’s mentioned several times throughout the Hydra section. How did you not recognize him?”
“Ned!”
“Tony, ” Steve whispered softly, wrapping his arms around his husband while looking on as Peter shifted lightly against the soft, yellow blanket he was swaddled in, “he’s four months old, I don’t think he knows it’s Christmas. I don’t think he knows what it is.”
looked terrified, which made sense, he did just divulge his largest secret to Tony. “Steve,” he said, testing the word out on his lips.
The Captain looked down at his lap, like a kid getting yelled at by their parents.
When Tony finally opened his eyes he saw Nebula bending over him. “What- what happened?” His voice sounded scratchy and rough, his words were barely louder than a whisper. Soon he wasn’t going to be able to say any words. It was getting harder and harder to breathe. And then he was going to fall unconscious, most likely an hour or two before the oxygen was completely gone.
“Is he sleepy?”
“What?” He snapped. “What do you want?”
Peter was in the middle of playing with one of the two dozen rattling toys that Sam and Bucky had gotten him when Tony’s phone buzzed.
So Tony had to leave. He had to. Because if the Captain couldn’t trust him, then what point was there in pursuing this relationship any further. Too many of Tony’s relationships have been built on distrust. He doesn’t want to build one with the Captain if it will have the same results.
The next picture Nat had taken before the pair had gotten together when they were still skirting around there feelings. Steve had trouble sleeping one night so he came to the communal level of Avengers Tower to watch a movie, apparently, Tony had the same idea and was already there. Steve had made them both hot chocolate and the two talked all night. Neither remembered falling asleep, but they do remember waking up to see Natasha standing over them with a camera. Steve was laying on his back with Tony hanging onto him like a koala while Steve’s arms were securely wrapped around him. Steve still kept that photo in his wallet.
And how crazy was that? They’ve been together for five months and Tony still called him ‘Clyde’.
“No reason,” Peter said quickly. Sliding off his chair, he bolted from the room, traveling as fast as his little legs would go.
Steve chuckled as he rested his hands on Tony’s waist. “We’ll be back in a few hours. And in the meantime,” he pulled Tony’s body closer to his until their noses were only inches apart, “you’ve been telling me that you would take me to this restaurant since before we were married.”
“Huh,” Steve said as he watched Tony’s eyes follow the movements of his tongue and land on his lips. “I wonder who this ‘close friend’ in the article is? Clearly, they know you so well.” His lips turned slightly upward into a little smirk that
When the two boarded the ravager ship, Tony found out pretty quickly that the ship seemed to be breaking. Luckily for him, most of the problems were interior, so once he was fed, he got to work on fixing what he could. By fixing the key obstacles, Tony was able to convince the Captain to take him to Earth.
“Sorry for keeping you,” Tony said, making his presence known. Hammer stood up as Tony got to the table, clearly nervous about how this meeting and/or night was going to go. The Captain had briefed him earlier. Apparently Justin Hammer was just starting out in the weapons business and was already on AIM’s payroll. AIM is a relatively young gang that started out around five years ago in Queens before moving to lower Manhattan. And now that he’s meeting with Tony Stark, surely that’s enough to make the man wet his pants, but also knowing Tony’s reputation and this being an ‘informal business dinner’, Hammer’s brain is probably going into overdrive about all of tonight's possibilities.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Steve smiled, “of course he remembers us.” The smile on his face slowly started disappearing as he frantically looked towards Tony. “Right? Is it possible that he could forget us? Oh shit! Tony, you never should have suggested that we go on a date. I knew it was a ba-”
“Yep!”
Tony felt his eyes roll up toward his skull as the Captain’s lips traveled down his jaw and down the scope of his neck. It took all of Tony’s will power to speak up, “If you keep doing that, then you’ll mess up my suit.”
Steve lightly placed his lips against Tony’s forehead, “Merry Christmas, love” he murmured into his skin.
The room was just how he left it.
Tony stuck his tongue out at her before turning to page six of the Daily Bugle. He scanned the page, looking for what Natasha wanted him to see. Once he found it, Tony's roaring laugh filled the air.
"I'm gonna have to put that fucking burlap sack on again." Tony filled in as the Captain nodded, "That's great, no that just
“I think he did,” Steve confirmed.
Well shit.
Tony struggled to sit down. His back slid against the rocky surface of the ship's interior. The cold metal felt like it was piercing through his delicate skin. The abandoned and broken ship was too quiet for Tony’s liking. Every once in a while he would hear a small creak or a curse, and he knew that Nebula was doing something in another sector of the ship. She still had hope that someone would find them. Tony wasn’t as optimistic.
He remembers the way Steves lips would attach to his own. He remembers that the first time Steve had done that, it was in celebration. The faintest peck on his lips, in front of everyone. Steves' cheeks turned an adorable shade of scarlet and he tried to laugh it off. Tony thought of the way Steves tongue would fight against his own, in there more passionate embraces. He also remembers all the goodbye kisses before either of them went on a mission. The two used to throw their arms around each other and refused to imagine what would happen if the other didn’t come back. They channeled all their emotions into there kiss. Saying goodbye, without saying goodbye.
“Well if it helps, in that
Thor then surged forward and presented him with a series of large boxes. Peter cocked his head to the side and looked at the box quizzingly before looking at Thor.
“Steve,” he said, looking down at Tony’s face.
Tony’s eyes must have bugged out of his head. “You what?”
“Huh,” Tony’s brow furrowed, “that’s a lot of blood for only one bullet.” Tony knows how to shoot a gun. After all, he owned a weapons company. If he didn’t even know how to fire a gun, then he was in the wrong line of business. But even he didn’t think that his one quick shot to the chest would perfectly pierce the man's heart. Maybe he was just better than he liked to give himself credit for. Howard always told him on their quarterly trips to the shooting range that he could do better. “I thought for sure I’d need at least two.”
“That’s not true!” he protested.
“About two weeks.” She said, “His parents had an emergency and needed to leave the country for a few days. They left Peter with some friends. After a week, they called the police when they couldn’t get in touch with his parents. Apparently, his parents were in a private plane and it crashed somewhere in the middle of the ocean. The people that Peter was staying with wanted to adopt him, but they weren’t financially stable, so they were unable to.”
Steve pinched Tony’s side, allowing his smaller body to rest atop his larger frame. “I love you.”
“Papa?”
“Why’d I make it? Well gorgeous, you’re gonna have to buy me a lot of drinks before you get those answers. But how? Well it wasn’t
The next picture Steve took on their honeymoon. He had woken up early one morning and hopped in the shower. But when he came back into the bedroom, Tony was sprawled on his stomach across the bed, nothing but the white sheet covering his backside. Rays of sun cast into the room from the balcony. The sun had reached Tony and made his bronze skin sparkle. The highlighted strands of his hair seemed to shift in the light. Tony’s sleeping face was free of all stress and anxiety. He looked so peaceful. Steve couldn’t help but photograph it.
Once Karen Page brought that innocent topic to light, the media couldn't get enough of it. Tony was constantly hounded by reporters, but the number one question he would be asked was, ‘Are you dating anyone?’ Tony would always laugh and smirk towards the camera and say “I'm dating America, it's my day job” or “Who has time to date? I'm too busy riding the American dream” or he’d refuse to comment.
“Mr. Stark!  Did you two talk?”
He felt his body being lifted and carried before everything faded to black.
Tony kept ignoring Steve, hissing between clenched teeth as the hold on his leg tightened.
“Maybe you should let one of these doctors know.  Or your team, even.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tell me about the Time Stone.” Tony leans forward in his seat, failing to keep his gaze away from the young boy standing behind his companion. Wong follows Tony's gaze to the empty space behind his chair.  He sways his hands until a burning circle appears before him, muttering some words before the magic disappears. He turns back to Tony.
“Let’s see how hard you can hit.”
“Did I need to shave my goatee?  Or was that also bullshit?”
Tony pulled his shirt over his head with his good hand. He didn’t turn to face Steve as he responded.
“But we did stop it!  Babe, whatever you’re remembering, it never happened.”
“Are you, you know?  Still seeing things?”  Bucky holds his friend’s upper arm as the blonde turns his head to watch Tony step up to the window and look down.  Steve sighs, turning back to Bucky’s crinkled expression and trying gaze.
“I--shit. No. Thanks.” She gave him a small smile before retreating from the bathroom. Natasha walked over to him as Tony stared at his reflection.
“Doesn't Sam owe you one?  Make him take your mission so we can go have some cake on the beach.”  Tony waggled his eyebrows, hoping the smirk on his face covered his unease.  The lack of reaction from Steve made his stomach roll.
He regretted his words when he looked up at the other man. Tony gaze was wide and unfocused as he gripped the bedspread between his strained, pale fingers.  He bent his back forward until his head hit his covered thighs.
Tony does not hear the front door of the compound open.  He watches as the supersoldier slams his beer on the table and stands again to tower over Tony.
“Vision?  Do you know what happened?”
“Grab another plate.”
“You two sit. I'll take care of this.”
“Yes, but at least half of the universe will still be alive. Amendments can be added.”
“Yeah, but I didn’t.  Now I am stuck in this shit hole in space so I
“Right.  So if I don’t have sex in the next half hour, I am a goner.
“Seriously? I have a Captain America wedding ring. And where's my diamond? You better have not proposed without a ring.”
, I am capoosh.”  Steve nods as he looks back at his teammate.  Tony feels heat creep up to his chest.
“I wish I was.  Most mutants and overpowered beings have been rounded up and slaughtered.  Either that or they're waiting for the next round of eugenics testing to kill them or they're the newest foot soldiers for HYDRA’s SHIELD operation.”
“You gorgeous
Wong watches him watch Peter.  He says nothing as he walks Tony out.  He stays on the front porch and watches the red and gold suit soar away.
“Are you going to end this with another motivating ‘together’ speech?  Those always make me feel tingly on the inside.”
“You’ve imagined us?  Having…?” Steve closes the entrance of the Quinjet before turning to face Tony.  He pulls the top part of his Captain America getup over his head as he approaches the other man.  He reaches forward an touches the top of Tony’s jeans, curling his fingers underneath the navy and into the skin above his hip bone.
Tony watches as Steve rummages through the cabinets of the kitchen and peers into the fridge before returning to his seat with a frown.
“Jerk.  Should’ve known I was only second choice.  But, seriously, you’re giving me your camera smile.  What do you really want, Tony?” She puts down her glass and wraps her arms around his center, pushing her cheek against his repaired hole in his chest.
“The ooze!  You didn’t get any on you, did you?”
“You're lying.”
“I’m here, Steve.  I’m won’t leave you.  You’re forgiven. Can we please--pretend this never happened?  It was a bad day. You stopped before it went too far.”
“And nanotech?  Fuck yes. I've been dreaming of building something like this. Can I?”
“I can't get these thoughts out of my head.  If we hadn't stopped Siberia, then--”
“Come out of there, Zemo. Otherwise I'll pull you out.”  Tony glances at Stark as he passes, recognizing the confusion in his gaze and slipping him a sad smile.
Tony broke free of Steve’s arms, taking two steps back to admire as the blonde tried to mask his upset with a hardened expression.  After one more heavy glare at the other supersolider, Tony turned and left the three standing men and slammed the door to the bedroom behind him.  He did his best to stifle the sound of his fit of terror by running the shower and biting the loose skin of his wrist beneath the burning water.
who bashed in my father’s head and smothered my mother?”
“Since I hold the largest interest in the company, it
Steve placed a heavy hand over Tony's. He entwined their fingers as he leaned to rest his forehead on top of the shorter man’s dark curls.
“Boss, your heart rate is increasing.  I'll inform Captain Rogers that you will return to base--”
“Seriously, Sam?  You take orders from an organization built to breed prejudice?  Are you stupid or do you just have zero preservation skills?”
The trio of heroes turn to face them. Zemo scowls into the microphone and slams his fist down, turning on the monitor next to Stark. Tony lifts his wrist as his nanobots build a glove, blasting the computer to pieces.
“Yes.  No.  Does it matter?”  Standing, Tony makes his way out of the common room, Peter at his heels.  He hears Steve make more demands, but he ignores him and pats the lanky teen on the back with a shit-eating grin.
Disclaimer:  A small part of me wishes I could help in the creation of the cannon of MCU, but another larger part of me thinks I would ruin everything.  D:
“And I also know you weren’t stimulated when I walked in.”
The call ends and Friday’s voice crackles into silence.  Tony retracts his armor, stare roaming the alien spaceship until he sees a familiar figure.  He huffs and turns, walking down the narrow metal stairs, not looking back to see if Steve is following him.
“Hopefully.”
“I'm here because I made a promise.”
“Tony.  I have been expecting you for some time.  Captain Rogers, thank you for joining us.”  Strange nods at the both of them before leading them down the corridor.  Peter bounces slowly behind the three, and Tony sneaks him a single look back at him while the doctor is addressing Steve.
She grabbed her heels and took the elevator.  Tony tried his best to school his upset, but he loses his nerve and rushes forward blurry eyed when his best friend turned the corner.
“No popcorn, let alone anything edible besides Clint’s expired Wheaties.  No soda either. What have you been eating?”
“Never. Did you make me that sinful egg salad?” Tony stood and rounded his desk, attempting to steal the sack from the tall blonde.  Steve raised the arm holding their lunch out of his boyfriend's reach.
When they return to the present, they are still in Siberia. The sorcerer before them looks almost happy as he drops his arm.
Tony locks himself in the workshop’s small bathroom and stands under the steaming pour of water until his skin is pink and irritated.
Tony takes shelter behind the counter and tries to pour his coffee in his mug rather than his hand. He's flustered and getting warmer by the second, and Steve smile fades as he approaches.
“James has been attempting to find you since last week. It was like Afghanistan all over again.”
“HYDRA has evolved over the years while staying in secrecy.  We strive to lead humanity down the necessary path for survival.  Freedom for all comes at the cost of destruction and death, and HYDRA will take that danger away from the people to save what little is left of this world.”
“But then I remember you’re not really here.  That this is all in my head, and this possessiveness I feel for you is just one-sided.”
“I gave you that phone to use when you needed help.  Use it.”
“Now you won’t even look at me.  Look, if you would just call me, we could sort this whole mess out and then you wouldn’t be alone anymore.  I warned you about Ms. Potts reacting poorly to you lying to her. You never should’ve proposed.”
“Nothing.  Hey, Steve?  Maybe you should go back.  You must be worried if you’re seeing--”
A chat with Pepper clarifies the situation at hand.
“Sir?  Should I make note of this event in your file?  I worry the results may be skewed going forward.”
“Hey, Nat.  Have you seen Tony?  I checked the workshop and his room.”  Pepper came up to the trio with a suitcase in one hand and her heels in the other.  She glanced at Tony, giving him a once over before staring at his ratty tee. Her gaze furrowed.
“I am never going to call you.  Leave me alone. And leave Pepper out of this.”
He groaned into his hands.
Wong looks exhausted when Tony visits him.  The New York Sanctum is cleared of debris and bears a patched roof and repaired floor.  The sorcerer fashions them a pair of plush chairs at the entrance of a gated library.
Steve continues to nod, kissing the man's crow's feet next to his left eye before trapping his lips with an eager tongue and a clash of teeth.  Tony pulls away for air, but the smile at his lips makes Steve soar.
“Fine. I'm just wanted to see you. I was assured you were safe. I didn't know what to believe.”
“Strange wrote me a letter.  Includes a set of coordinates along with the words
“You wanted to discuss some matters between the three of us.” Steve gestured for the CEO to speak. She braved his dark eyes with her own.
“Any luck?”  Steve is waiting for Tony in the workshop.  He stands up from his tense position on the couch and makes his way over to the smaller man, his writhing fingers awkward at his sides.  Peter takes his seat on the sofa, eyes bright and mouth wide in a grin.
The weight in his pants as he repairs the turbine does not let Tony forget.
“HYDRA would have known about the kid’s abilities even if you’d never come into the picture.  I would even wager he’d be dead by now if you hadn’t taken a personal interest in his well being. Otherwise Steve wouldn’t have stepped in when he did.”
“Are you still brainstorming on how to make a break?  You must believe you can use this to your advantage.” He blocked the blue light with his hand.  Tony started squirming when those digits drifted down to his navel, tracing small circles on his belly.
“More like bathed in it.  Armor is covered, Cap. Do you know what it is?  Jarvis, see if you can identify this awful crap.”
“Nat, I’ll figure it out.  How hard can it be? You’re gearing this up to be a challenge.  Have you not heard that I am Iron Man?”
“Pepper would never support HYDRA.  And SI has a very strict no ransom policy, so I can’t be used a bargaining chip.”  Tony managed to finish the bacon strip he was holding, stomach already churning. He stabbed his pancakes before he glared up at the blonde.
.  And this Tesseract?  HYDRA still has it?”
“Jarvis, code fifty-ni--”
The young J’naii shared his smile, taking Tony's warm hand up to their lips.
“You’ll hate me again.”
“I know this is hard for you.  I think you need to hear this. You do know this wasn’t your fault, right?”
“I-I’ve, f-fuck Steve, I’ve had a crush on you since I met you.  I had to invite everyone else to move in so you would too, asshole.  Don’t tell me you didn’t--
“Good news?  You're still pretty.  Looks like your hair's getting longer as time progresses.  You sure you don't want assistance? I know you've taken off many women garments over the years, but putting them on requires a bit more finesse.”
“No.  I only remember before and now.  Apparently we're married?” Steve raises his free hand to show Tony the gold and crimson band. Tony looks down at their joined fingers and notices a similar band with a bit of blue built in and platinum replacing the gold.
Tony wakes up to heat and misery.  As he moans, the warmth recedes and Steve's sad face comes into focus.
“No way. Just because you call it amnesty doesn't cover up the fact that you sedated me against my will and kidnapped me. My lawyers will rip HYDRA apart.”  Tony ignored the red head’s reaching fingers as he stood and rounded the coffee table to confront Rogers.
Tony allows himself to stare hard at Steve now hovering behind the kid.  That face, now covered in facial hair and much older than those years ago that they last met, looks hopeful and eager.  Tony remembers that face as he makes a show and sucks the alien out of the ship, replacing the damaged ship with nanobots.  He remembers that face as he shares his plan and takes in Strange’s heavy words. He remembers that face when he first meets the Guardians (sans Gamora), when he’s struggling to get the gauntlet off of Thanos’s fist, and when he has a dagger of his own making through his belly.
