it seems to be broken.”
“Come here, sweetheart, give her to me.”
Just before he was around the corner, Dean suddenly turned around and winked – obviously amused by having caught both Mildred and Castiel ogling him. The secretary let out a joyful laugh while Castiel tried to hide the blush on his face.
“Yeah,” Gabriel said slowly and turned back to Castiel; he must have concluded that it was easier to fight one battle at a time. But Michael would not be off the hook completely – Gabriel could be relentless when something piqued his interest. And Michael was behaving in a strange way. “Why don’t you end all our suffering and finally tell Dean that you accept his courtship? So the poor fella doesn’t walk around like a sad puppy anymore.”
Castiel looked up, puzzled. In front of him was Cesar, an alpha who had never talked to him before. The omega nodded hesitantly. He felt confident enough with the alphas in Dean’s inner circle – maybe aside from Benny – but with strangers, he still did not know how to act. He could see that omegas were a lot more outspoken here than they had been in Michael’s pack, and he was also not scared anymore that some random wolf would claim him, but he still did not want to accidentally provoke anyone. And alphas took things personal pretty quickly. Since Castiel had never felt the urge to show off any amounts of dominance, he felt like he could easily anger someone by accident.
There was some chuckling in the room and Claire yelled: “Mom!”
“Now you are awfully well informed about a murder that happened months ago, and in a different state.”
“Don’t worry, Cas, you can blame your heat for your … confusion? Makes us all less rational at times.” Then Sam frowned. “But if you felt so upset, Dean must surely have noticed it in your scent…”
Castiel nodded, then realised that Gabriel could not see him from the other side of the wooden door.
Castiel pulled his hand out of Dean’s loose grasp and let his own fingers intertwine nervously. He licked his lips before answered: “Dean, I would happily encourage your courting if you still considered me as a possible mate.” Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Castiel did not give him the chance. “But there is something I need to tell you first, and I fear this might change the nature of our relationship. And not for the better.”
So Castiel had been excited last night when Dean suggested they
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” Castiel pouted.
Castiel frowned. He did not even want to guess who had been here. Probably some rookies whom he hardly knew. At least he hoped so. Castiel blushed at the thought that someone he was close to would find their sex toys or some specific items in Castiel’s wardrobe. His heart ached as he heard Dean chuckle in his head because of his fears – he always found Castiel’s shyness amusing. While Dean was the type who constantly tried to get him to have sex in the copy room.
as well as one about the deceased couples, so he would have an idea of what to expect. As she had already declared, the small town was fairly medium on the creepy-scale of believers in the old system. There were no collars and the omegas were allowed to go out on their own, to have other omega friends and engage in social activities – but their most important task was still to serve their alphas. They would never disagree with them in public, and seldom in private, and let them make any important decisions for the whole family.
“And what if I do? You’ll leave as well and follow him?”
There was a pause, but Sam just kept smiling, and so Castiel mumbled finally: “You’re a beta.”
“Seriously, what did he do to you?”
“I am fine, really. Nothing worth mentioning.”
“Dean, I … I am king of this country. I helped rebuild it after the war. I am the last of my family and I believe, immodest as it may sound, that I can bring this country forwards. I can help my people. The power structure was frail right after the fighting, and I can’t just leave after I have fought so hard to…”
Lucifer?”
Though he takes a respectable count of four seconds to seem as though he needs to consider his options, Castiel nods, and replies, “of course, Dean. Of all the favors you’ve asked of me before, I assure this is certainly the most convenient and pleasant of them.”
It’s never been heart-stopping before.
, Dean thinks to himself,
Three years after that, Dean gives Claire away at her wedding - it's a bright, sunny day, but before the ceremony even starts, she's sobbing and telling Dean how she'd always half-imagined Castiel walking her down the aisle.
“There
With that, Cas turns, claps Dean on the shoulder, and leaves the cabin.
“We’re on a case,” he says, as though it’s a valid excuse.
He stares at Cas’ side profile as the gateway cracks open, he watches the lights flicker in Cas’ tear-filled eyes as he replies, “should I be sorry? It’s what I feel.”
"My power is limited, Claire, not unknowable."
He turns the water off.
, man.”
“One and only.”
“Don’t be. You wouldn’t say ‘goodbye,’ and you wouldn’t tell me I had to first… it was a stalemate. You broke it how you knew best to,” Cas bumps their noses together and gazes into his eyes, beautiful like ocean glass, cutting just as efficiently; “You used to kiss me until the pain stopped. Until I didn’t mind that I couldn’t breathe through the despair on my own anymore, because you were breathing for me. You gave me what I give those women in my cabin - I disappeared into you, and loving you justified my being alive at all, Dean.”
Future Dean offers him only a flat affect, and empty eyes.
. Now, there’s no severance package that I’ve heard about, but I know iniquity
Wandering through to the backyard where the other hunters are, Dean nurses his sixth beer of the evening, and tries to avoid eye-contact.
Seeming torn, Sam hesitates just a beat too long, and so Castiel begins speaking, unchecked.
She's struggling on the ground, making some of the ugliest noises he's ever heard a beast make, but he's rather sure she'll be dead by sunrise.
Terrified, Dean pushes back on Castiel; his higher brain functions are failing, and he knows he won’t be able to articulate why they need to stop what they’re doing, that Castiel might mistake Dean’s fear for anger (more importantly that Dean might mistake his fear for anger), but before anything can even be said, he finds that he’s pushed too hard.
Castiel looks at Dean like he’s a fond memory in a polaroid, smiling with no bitterness or regret, and - this isn’t real, and can’t be happening, because this is Hell, it's worse than Hell, it's the fabric of the universe shredding.
something there, and you could have a
“Oh,” he hears Cas breathe out in a concerned, small vocalization, “Dean - you shouldn’t -”
him, even though he knew all the fucked up, ugly shit in him, Cas wanted in for the long fuckin' haul despite the baggage, despite Dean acting like a huge dick all the time, despite there not being lots of hope for something like that, because Dean constantly pushed him away...
That is, until Claire and Kaia are stopping by the bunker on their way to hunt a siren, wanting Dean's expertise and aid on said hunt, and so Sam insists on coming along, and Eileen wants to go, but Dean tells her she is 'Officially Too Pregnant,' to even think about thinking about hunting - and the jig is up.
Glancing down kind of curiously at his chest again, Castiel smoothes his tie down, and mutters, "it is criminal, ruinous, very possibly cataclysmic, but I’d not surrender it to anyone, anywhere, for anything. I feel like such an insignificant entity compared to its endlessness, and I know beyond doubt that I will mishandle it, that I will bleed, that it will gladly destroy me, but I'd have it no other way."
,” he finishes on a huffed '
“For you and me both, man,” Sam laughs, “Come on. I’m all ears.”
“Mm,” Cas agrees, affect flattening, “And it would not be the first time you were too proud to ask me to stay.”
"You were trying to be kind to me by taking me to where you thought I might experience pleasure and gladness, as you have experienced it, and I realize that," Castiel explains, scrutinizing the stars, "I do not mean to offend you or your efforts. You are only trying to be a good friend, which you are. I hope you know, though, that I am just as pleased, and just as glad to be sitting here, talking with you."
“I dunno,” he responds honestly, dropping his hand and looking at Sam plainly, “I really don’t, Sam. But I need to - I need to do this, to go in there. Are you - will you help me?”
“Elsewhere. Largely South America. Listen, though, Sam - the last we spoke you posed a question to me -”
“When you like someone as more than a friend, but the feeling passes with time, and then you feel better. It can feel like love, but it’s temporary.”
“Dean?”
Several people shout, even more run out of their cabins with guns drawn, but Dean only notices them through his periphery.
“You think something’s in there?” Sam wonders from where he’s hovering behind Dean, freshly washed and wearing pajamas.
He doesn't need to be who he's always thought himself to be. He can be good, and just love people a little more - out loud. That would be honoring Cas' memory, right? Maybe?
As The Book of Love begins, the live orchestra swells from inside the hall, Dean bows just a little at the waist, with his right arm crossing his chest, but his head up, and he inquires politely, “Castiel, may I have this dance?”
Obviously, Castiel has lost hope, and Dean will carry him up that mountain, if it's what Cas needs. He'll keep the faith, if Castiel can't.
Sam will just stay angry at him until he's forced to understand, it's a bandaid on a wound that needs stitches, and it will probably just blow up in his face at some point like every other secret he's ever kept from Sam.
"That's for you," she tells him casually, indicating the tape, "there's one I couldn't get on there, though. It's a weird folk song or something from like thirteen-ten? Or something?"
Dean does not expect to be so suddenly upset by Castiel’s hesitance, but before he can fuck anything up by making the hardest back-pedal in the history of mankind, Castiel asks, “will there be another angry woman?”
Heart rate still on the incline, Dean hopes his expression conveys how lost and uncomfortable he is.
Fed up with his obliviousness apparently, Cas rolls his eyes, stomps forward, grabs both sides of his face, and pulls him roughly into a kiss that is desperate, sad, loving, and at once full of passion, recognition and grief.
Castiel’s electric eyes refocus on him, startling him with their intensity just as they had the wedding guests that were strangers to Cas, “I do understand now. However, perhaps it’s the soldier in me, but I find I much prefer following than leading.”
“No, it is important to me," Castiel explains, walking patiently to stand in front of the old, inactive television, "I’ve taken time to consider your question, of how I know for a fact that what I am experiencing is romantic love - I even consulted other humans on the matter -”
Apparently his counterpart has no problem brushing off Cas’ weird human charm, though - he doesn’t ease up at all.
“And what? He got high? What the fuck happened? Where is -”
Dean thinks they're sweet together; Eileen huddles close to Sam the whole drive (not like Sam isn't visibly thrilled about that), and Dean doesn't begrudge him his love one bit.
“Dean -”
Sam turns back around first, through the glass doors, back into the busy hall, and Dean starts after him, a hand already twitching toward his holster, sparing Cas a look from over his shoulder.
! There’s
fight must’ve been like, “Cas… I’m so sorry.”
“I can’t, Dean, I couldn’t possibly ask of you -”
“She asked me to dance,” Castiel tells Dean, passing him his flute, “I regretfully informed her that I don’t know how.”
“Dean, what?” he begs, sounding entirely overwhelmed.
Seeing Castiel smiling down at a lyre, dressed down, with stupid dress socks on, singing softly - it's troublingly disarming.
Unbidden comes the thought of Cas' imagined voice, more sure,
His heart lurches, he’s not sure he’s breathing.
!” he shouts, “God damn it! God damn it! I am in such peril, Sam -”
, Dean tells himself, his stomach squirming nervously, heat flashing across his neck and face,
, if he fucked all of Def Leppard at an outdoor Lynyrd Skynyrd concert while touring with Aerosmith, so I think we should just count ourselves lucky that he didn't choose, like, ancient latin chanting or something. I don't know most of the music he picked, so I couldn't get, like, quality recordings, but I can mail it to you. The cassette, I mean."
The Deans glare at one another, until the elder asks rhetorically, “you wanna shut up?
“My one and only, yes,” is the answer to a question.
"Okay, well, you can't be a figment of my limited knowledge with knowledge I didn't have."
But there’s the enduring thought of all that tan, unseen, unknown flesh clumsily wrapped under all those layers, just waiting to be discovered and pleasured in a way Castiel can very hardly comprehend or anticipate.
Rubbing the bridge of his nose, Sam wonders if Castiel
He brushes her off, he gets Eileen to come and help fix her make-up where it's run, and then he gives Claire Novak away to her wife, thinking the entire time how Castiel deserved to be there.
nothing.”
Before he knows it’s happened, Dean’s hard enough to carve stone, and Cas readjusts how they’re slotted against one another to better accommodate Dean’s failing balance, and Cas feels it - he must. Even if he doesn’t feel how hard Dean is against him right away, the guttural
“Okay, so you’re mostly a guy,” Dean says as though he understands - which he doesn’t, but he figures he doesn’t need to understand it so long as he can respect it, “Are you… a gay guy?”
Dean Prime looks close to striking out at Cas, but then his expression twitches into something slightly different and substantially harder to read.
“You!” Cas answers desperately, unable to leave his scalp alone, “You were already displeased with me before they arrived, it seemed I couldn’t make you happy anymore, no matter what I did, no matter what I tried, or stopped trying - but then - then she came to the camp with Ben, and eight other rescues, and - Dean, she was always around!”
“Oh my God, fine - uhhh, ladies of the night? You wanna know if there are dudes that do it too?”
“Not when he’s wanting something, I mean - imagine that you say something he thinks is funny, or interesting, and he smiles at you. How does it make you feel?”
Christ -”
, he chose those songs specifically for Cas to listen to, from his head, his hand, to Cas' ears, and he's so fucking stupid.
He pets the side of Dean’s face, nicotine-stained fingertips brushing past the short hairs at his temple and in front of his ears.
“Ah fuck - fuck,
He lolls his head over the back of the passenger seat, holds his forehead with both hands, smearing blood from his ripped cuticle in the short hairs by his temple.
“Wha - you mean, like, guy hookers?”
, and -
This time, he can see it - there is a glowing light emanating from his chest, and he and Cas both look down at it.
“Everything,” Castiel tells him, “I think everything on Earth is nice to look at.”
Missing Castiel - it’s not just weirdly sentimental of Dean in the first place, but it’s - it’s not even an option. He hasn’t got the emotional bandwidth for something like that.
Startled, Castiel gasps, but it dissolves into a sweet humming noise as his hands slide down to mirror Dean’s hands, about the neck.
Dean’s heart skips a beat.
“I was not frightened last week by a crushing sensation -”
“I expect nothing of you, Dean,” Castiel promises, eyes downcast, maybe looking at the freckles smattering Dean’s clavicle, “That said, this is anything but commonplace or casual for me. I am of Heaven, Dean, but I am not an Angel of modern, Western myth. I am not sweet, I am not soft, and I do not love blindly.”
“Dean,” Castiel says breathlessly against him.
He likes the way the light bounces off his band when the sun comes through Baby's windshield just right, and sometimes, it feels like that flash of blinding white is some confirmation that Cas somehow knows.
Castiel curls in closer, his hickey-dotted nipple only just brushing against Dean’s bottom lip; Dean wants very badly to suck it into his mouth, but Castiel’s hold on his scalp is too hard to escape, and Dean likes the show of physical prowess too much to fight it with any real desire to break free.
With the trends of his childhood, Dean learned early not to get too attached to folks, and he’s good at removing himself, emotionally. Still, he knows he owes Castiel… more than he can ever repay, actually.
Whatever Castiel is doing, it's coating Dean, but undoing him too; Castiel isn't possessing him, or forcing him to share space in his body he doesn't have, but he can feel how they're beginning to somehow occupy the same unit of space. Not quite superimposed upon one another, but exchanging themselves at a molecular level, blended like a gradient; gradual, and natural, in a way that feels as if it's always been an eventuality.
He doesn’t seem to notice how Dean clenches and unclenches his corresponding hand, but Dean wouldn’t be able to explain it if he did.
“I am still repenting for having wronged him last, I can’t bear the thought of eternity with this inside me.”
,” he grits out, directing his question back at Cas, “well? You comin’?”
It's more than a little intense.
“I would like more, Dean,” Castiel confesses quietly.
Claire is wiping tears quickly away from her face when she turns toward Dean again, handing him the USB, the cassette, and a piece of torn paper with the song list on it; Dean tucks it all into his jacket pockets in a rush.
Castiel wouldn’t have said all he did if there was any way to have him back. Dean knows it’s hopeless, and that makes him feel so violently ill, he nearly doubles over.
- needed you, biblically, I would press you into the mattress, and I would call you ‘lover,’” Cas’ voice is rough stone, setting loose chills across Dean’s shoulders and back, “I’d light all our candles, lick the sweat from your body, throw myself at your altar, and call you ‘lover,’ and it was my way of asking for permission to sing your praises all night, unspool you, and adore you. Profess it long into the witching hours, until you wept. Until you surrendered to me - completely.”
"See, but then I'd lose him again, just in a different way, and I'd go back to whoever the fuck I was before I knew him, and I don't know that guy anymore - he was a good-for-nothing, dodgy little motherfucker whose ass I'd kick if I could now. I don't wanna forget 'im."
He didn't mean to think it so purposefully, but once it's out in the ether, Castiel seems to cling to it with laser-focus.
Whatever that ritual was about, he thinks, it’s the same with Castiel’s sex.
make a mix for Dean."
“Okay…” Sam begins, peaceful and reasonable, glancing between the bedroom door and Dean, “Does whatever is happening here have anything to do with you sleeping in the library?”
“I don’t know precisely what that means, but I do endeavor to make you come, Dean - for
"What?"
“I trust your guardianship, Dean.”
alluring.
Dean Prime storms off after that, and Cas gives Dean a loaded look before he’s tugged in another direction for preparations and repairs to some of the lights on the nearest cars.
The other ten or so Angels in the group hold their blades out and up, shout the same declaration, then all vanish in less than a blink of the eye.
“I thought I deserved it somehow, to be pushed away - or I was imagining it! I’d tell
CONTENT WARNINGS:
“What do you think ‘dayenu,’ means, Dean?” Castiel is asking as Chastity pulls him up by his trench coat.
“My love, please,” was begged of him, “See reason here. I want you on my side, I do not want to be at odds with you, one and only. Seek sense in me, I promise you will find it. I wouldn’t spout nonsense for the sake of nonsense.”
His future self looks to him, and before he can chicken out of it, he announces, “you’re just a bootleg John Winchester.”
In a spry, young body he hardly remembers having, Dean sits with Bobby for a while, drinking awful beer, and considering stopping at his parents' place - maybe it won't be his first visit, though.
It looks as though Cas is going to say something, but Dean’s future self intercepts him.
Castiel’s palm is warm against the side of his face, his right thumb brushing the corner of his eye, catching a little on his lashes.
Casting his eyes about, Castiel looks for where Dean may be, and Sam smiles apologetically at him, gesturing with a small handheld radio, "he's - that's why I tried to stop you, Cas. We're, uh... we're testing our tapping equipment."
There are candles and faerie lights all around, crystals in varying blues, and there's a grill still going next to a table devoted to cheeseburgers on one half, and pre-made, saran-wrapped PB&J sandwiches on the other, split down the middle by a
“... I’m not trying to be a dick, I’m trying to give you permission to talk about it. With me, I mean. I - maybe I can help, you know?” Sam explains, rubbing at the back of his neck a little uncomfortably, “Talk to me about what you’re feeling - maybe it’s not even what you think it is.”
As it happens, he’s not thinking about any of that at all when Cas is being destroyed from the inside-out, but the memories are lurking in the periphery, waiting to pounce back into the fore.
, occurs to Dean as he tugs the belt out of its loops, and works open the button beneath it,
, he wants to say, or think, or pray, but his heart isn’t in it - he likes everything Castiel’s saying, and his body is fully in agreement with whatever's blossoming from his shoulder, and from Castiel's mouth.
“Cas -” Dean wants to say so much, it’s all bottle-necking at his throat, “I… do you think there’s a way I can stop this? Really stop it?”
“I’m just saying that I don’t think you’d get this defensive if there really wasn’t anything between you two -”
- Dean, for you and I it is not a question of bringing you into me, or myself into you, but rather blending us together, outside the rigid fabric of time and the confines of terrestrial space.”
“What?” Sam repeats, “Why?”
Preternaturally blue eyes, wide and slightly chapped lips, mussed raven hair, shattering glass, deep and masculine noises of pleasure, warm and smooth skin, long lashes, holy light, strong abs, hard muscle, statuesque profile, electrified wind, spontaneous power surges, expansive wings of shadow unfolding across another plane in flashes of lightning...
topic, let alone two. But the Alpha King remained strict and gave his usual speech about how they were just following the order of the Great Shifter – it was destined that the nobility ruled the common folk. For they could change form like the Great Shifter himself and everyone else needed to bow towards their superiority. That was the law of nature.
Dean’s eyes narrowed for a moment, but he didn’t inquire, just asked, and not for the first time: “So? How do you like it here so far?”
Castiel looked at the delicious smelling food tray again. There was cheese and bread as well as eggs and a pot of still lukewarm soup. Castiel hesitated for a second, not sure whether he was allowed to. He did not want to make a mistake. Where he came from, it was all right to accept food from an alpha second-hand, but he had recently been taught that it was forbidden in the Adler pack. He would only have been allowed to eat whatever his alpha handed him personally.
fairly innocent and everything he did needed some courage.
to be as they were. Maybe Dean was just embarrassed. They had been in heat and rut – the fact that Dean had rubbed himself all over Castiel last night probably meant nothing to the alpha. He just did not know how to treat Castiel after that rush of passion was over. It was probably only Castiel who felt like he would very much like to repeat it outside of his heat. Point was, Dean should not feel uncomfortable for something he had done during his rut. And he had not even really done much more than nibble at Castiel’s neck. While he was naked.
was not happy at that prospect. His wolf wanted to stay as close to the Alpha as possible. Castiel blinked.
Gabriel winked at Dean, and most of the group laughed as the short man slapped playfully on Dean’s behind. Castiel was being a good boyfriend and only rolled his eyes as Dean’s face turned slightly red. The omega was used by now to Gabriel constantly trying to get a rise out of Dean – as far as Castiel knew, his brother had never been interested in alphas, but simply enjoyed making Dean squirm. As Gabriel played out his alpha-male-hitting-on-alpha-male-shtick to a degree that it only annoyed Castiel, he looked around the group. Most seemed amused – if only by Dean’s helpless response – but Benny was looking at the floor with a blush on his face. Before Castiel could wonder at his reaction, Dean had pulled him to his feet and kissed him passionately in front of the crowd in response to whatever Gabriel had just said. When he could breathe again, Castiel raised an eyebrow at his alpha’s idiotic attempt to prove his manliness, while Sam asked:
Anna’s face hardened, but otherwise she did not show any emotion. Her calm response seemed to help the other guards to collect themselves as well. There was some commotion until finally four soldiers led Uriel away to his cell, followed by Anna who occasionally growled. Two more soldiers took position on either side of the door. Castiel was relieved that they had not argued. They had just listened to him – even as he was accusing their commander of an atrocious crime. The former guards slunk away with bowed heads. Castiel frowned as Dean closed the door, remembering where the alpha had sent them.
Next chapter: Some drama. Maybe. Probably. Heck, what do I know?!
Soon, Charlie and Dorothy strolled into the Hall, holding hands, and Anna looked at the couple with something close to awe on her face. The two women acted more affectionate with each other than Castiel was used to.
“It just… it was lying on the desk,” Castiel gulped, suddenly a lot more nervous than before. He observed Meg, waiting for a possible attack. He did not underestimate her – but he guessed he had a good chance with surprise on his side. She would not expect him to know how to defend himself.
“Sorry about that. You know Crowley, he is an odd one. A bit obsessed and paranoid. Probably comes with his line of work. Don’t worry about it. I am pretty sure he doesn’t know half as much about anyone here as Naomi.”
“What?” It was hard to concentrate as Castiel’s hand had found its way under Dean’s shirt and stroked now over the soft skin of his belly.
Castiel knew who she was talking about – he had never worked with him, but Dean sometimes talked about Det Rogers, and the alpha seemed to share Charlie’s aversion. The detective liked to play good cop in the interrogation room, and he often got a confession. A bit too often, according to Dean.
“Don’t aske me. I’m a Genius-IT-Woman. I am obviously not very good at following stereotypes.”
“I believe you are a very good alpha, Dean.” Castiel blurted out. Dean looked at him with that warm expression that always made Castiel’s skin tingle – but there was still enough doubt in Dean’s eyes for Castiel to urge on: “You listen a lot more to your pack than most leaders do. And though everyone respects you, no one seems scared of you. For a head alpha, that is rare. I have never seen a pack so well balanced and even your servants or the townspeople are not in need of anything. You spent the last weeks preparing for winter – but not only for you and your family. But for the whole pack. I have seen you hunt and share your food as well as help fix roofs and teach the children to shift.” Castiel looked Dean straight in the eyes. “I have seen plenty of head alphas, Dean, but never one like you.”
Castiel was taken aback by that greeting.
When Dean finally pushed his tongue into Castiel’s mouth again, slowly teasing in and pulling back again, Castiel let out a moan and his hands wandered along Dean’s body until he pulled up the alpha’s shirt to stroke over the broad chest.
At the door, he turned around again.
“Come on, Castiel. Dean must be waiting already.”
“I have to admit, when Chuck called me to pick you up, I wasn’t happy. I expected you would be either a spy or some brainwashed omega. I certainly was surprised when my Mate tried to challenge me on our first meeting.”
“Where have you been on Saturday night?” Finally, Castiel had found his voice.
Alex only blinked at her for a moment. Claire glanced at Dean who made a gesture that probably meant
But Castiel knew he had to be grateful, and he was. He was lucky to be with this group of people. For one, other than Dean, his fellow travellers did not seem to be too affected by his heat. He knew that betas had not the same strong reaction to an omega’s heat as male alphas, but fertile omegas usually smelled inviting to them nonetheless. So Castiel was surprised how well Jesse and Cesar handled it. On the other hand, they did keep their distance, and it probably helped that they were mated – to each other, no less.
Then, with a low whimper, he disappeared into the dark woods as well.
And he had believed that the nobility was --- special. That they were indeed favoured by the Great Shifter. Why else had so many of them a Second Skin? Hardly any commoners could change form. And those – very few – who had the blessing of the Other Skin, needed to join Michael’s army. Which was an honoured profession after all.
– the alpha took him back to the bedroom.
“Hey, Cas. You look a lot healthier than when you came in. So I guess your heat didn’t go too badly, eh?”
When Charlie called him on Monday morning like she usually did, Castiel thought she must notice there was something profoundly different the moment he picked up the phone. But she seemed to be unfazed by his mood – maybe if they had talked face-to-face, she would have noticed his idiot grin. He and Dean had decided together they would keep the change of their relationship a secret until they were done with the mission. Both men were anxious Jody would instantly call them back if she heard they were a couple now. But still, to Castiel it felt like the whole world had changed during this last weekend – it was hard to understand not everyone felt it.
“I am glad my brother is such a good mate to you.”
“I am so excited for you two. You know, I have known Dean
“Oh, really, Dean?” Sam interrupted with a raised eyebrow. “As I remember it, you have been gushing about that new partner at the beginning. Said he was so cool and not one of those stiff idiots you had to work with before.”
Castiel had assumed that his abrasive tone would be enough for everyone to just leave, so he was a bit irritated when no one moved a muscle. Well, almost: Charlie raised an eyebrow at him, Eileen folded her arms, and Sam almost smiled.
Dean’s smile only became wider. “You want to shift here? Then you won’t have to search your clothes later.” Suddenly, a fiery glint stole into Dean’s warm expression.
After a sharp intake of breath, the trapped alpha just nodded.
Castiel had a feeling that he needed to get used to some crude language if he were to stay with the rebels.
He did not really feel anything, so he looked down at his body to check for injuries – there were no obvious wounds other than the spots of blood on his shoulder. He tried to raise to his feet and winced as he felt a pang of pain in his back. He vaguely remembered how Zachariah had punched him down mid-air.
“Is that what you have dreamed about during the last week?” Castiel nodded vehemently while Dean’s finger kept pushing into him in a slow rhythm. “Did you think about me the whole time?” He stopped his movements momentarily, then growled: “Or maybe you thought about some other alphas as well.”
Fear flared up in Castiel again. Was this a trick question? Maybe he just wanted to find out whether the omega was alone.
“Are you planning on watching me for the rest of the day, Dean, or are you finally ready to take care of my heat. Like your brother suggested,” the omega said impatiently.
. Being a perfect match and all that. She declared she would be very surprised if Castiel was not pregnant by his next visit. And Dean seemed equally confident that one heat was all it would take for them to expect a child.
“What do you mean? A new credit card and… I thought we were here to transcribe my belongings to you.”
, his Other said, loud and clear in Castiel’s mind.
thought it was embarrassing then think how horrible it must have been for
But the alpha only settled back again.
Benny looked to the ground, embarrassed, but before he could think of a plausible answer, a new voice joined their conversation.
“Hm. But maybe I would like you to tell me anyway.” Dean let a finger play around Castiel’s hole, teasing a gush of slick to leak out.
Of course, betas were not that gifted in picking up a certain note in a coffee shop full of strong beverage, baked goods and lots of people.
The two men glared at each other. Both knew the answer to that question. But Castiel did not give Dean the chance to explain to him how that situation would be completely different – though Castiel was almost tempted to see Dean try to come up with another argument than that he was the mighty alpha while Castiel was just an omega in need of protection. Castiel understood that Dean did not believe in old-fashioned stereotypes, but it was just as true that the alpha had a protective streak that could get strong enough to annoy Castiel. Knowing this line of thinking would only lead to another argument, Castiel added: “And even if you get
An hour later, the game ended as usual: Gabriel’s team won, and Dean’s lost. Not for the first time did Eileen and Sam propose that, in the future, Dean and Gabriel had to be on the same side to keep things interesting. Castiel assumed that Sam felt about as much joy from how much Dean sucked at bowling than he himself.
Before Dean – or Castiel for that matter – could say another word, the woman glanced at the omega. Her eyes widened in shock and she stepped closer towards Castiel and sniffed. Outright sniffed – she wasn’t even trying to be subtle about it.
Dean looked down at Castiel with an unreadable expression. His jaw twitched again. It was a scary sight.
Hello, lovelies! Just so you know: I’m really sorry but I’ll probably update less regularly the next few weeks/months. I have a new position at my job – which isn’t a bad thing per se, but pretty time-consuming right now. And after staring at a screen for 12-14 hours every day, I’m just mostly too exhausted to do basically the same thing in my free time. So, new chapters will now take more like 2-3 weeks or so and/or will probably be shorter. I hope you don’t lose interest that way.
Dean’s mouth twitched. “There’s that too, yeah.”
Next up: Castiel’s first day in his new home. :-)
Castiel frowned, scared of how many wolves might share this opinion.
“Castiel, listen…”
Jack started sobbing again, like he could not believe Castiel would forgive him so easily. The omega let him regain his posture before he addressed what he knew would put a dampener on Jack’s mood again.
For the first two days, his friends had never left him alone. Slick kept leaking out of him, and Castiel knew from experience that by now he should have been overcome with lust a few times already, but somehow, he was still not in the mood. He suspected even if Dean were here, he would not be too interested in mating. Both his body and mind were still too stressed.
Dean practically purred at Castiel’s words, but he still insisted: “Just for a while, Cas. We both had to take in a lot today. You need to come to terms with the fact that I don’t own you, and I need to think about how you have been lying to me for weeks.”
Dean was interrupted when Castiel kissed him suddenly on the lips. It was a gentle touch. When the omega leaned back, Dean started to say something else, and Castiel repeated his action. This time, their kiss grew longer, but it was just as tender. Then Castiel took Dean’s head in both of his hands until the alpha looked up at him.
Castiel looked up quizzically. “I thought we would unpack at your place…”
Before Castiel could make up his mind, there was a loud knock on the door. Suddenly, his mouth felt very dry and he stumbled on his way to the door. When he opened it, he nearly fell against a strong, naked chest. Dean was still in his human form, but – for reasons of practicability, to be sure – he only wore leather pants. Even his feet were bare.
“There has been a slight change of plans. Mr. Crowley will not be joining us today. However, we are delighted to be accompanied by Mr. Dean Winchester, the CEO of WinSec himself. Mr. Winchester, may I introduce you to Castiel Novak, one of our counsels. He helped with the project.”
It was the scarf Castiel had knitted during their time in Little Heaven. Naomi had practically forced him to contribute something for her
“Well… the problem is, we don’t know what to think. There are hardly any hints as to motive and the victims did not seem to know each other or have a similar circle of friends. The only thing that seems to be comparable are the living conditions of the couples. You know, it is always a very dominant alpha with a male omega mate, who chose to live in the Old Way. Well, one half of them
Castiel looked at him, a little indignant. He had trained to be a fighter – and it had never felt easy, or especially soft, to him. Gabriel looked at him almost pitiful when he added: “Sure, we have capable guards, and we train our warriors for years, but the truth is, Cassie, even most of the teachers have never seen a real war. It’s about more than skill, and there are definitely no clean one-on-one fights in a courtyard. The most interesting thing that happens to most of our soldiers is when they hunt down some fugitives or brigands, who are hardly armed with more than a stick. Until two years ago, most of our so-called warriors had never been on any battle-ground – they had not been prepared for the blood, and the gore, and the chaos. The cries and pleas of their injured, or the hunger. I hear the Winchesters were pretty irritated with them.” Gabriel stared at the piece of pineapple in his hand before he shook his head a little. “Ah, the Winchesters. That is what I wanted to talk to you about, not the fighting skills of our people.”
Just yesterday, Castiel had asked Charlie to join them – he had been eager to see an omega in action. But his friend had vehemently denied his request, admitting that fighting was not her strong point and that she had more or less suffered through her own lessons. Looking at the cheerful face in front of him, he could hardly believe that Donna was any better equipped for battle than Charlie.
Hannah laughed: “Because it’s true.”
The omega looked up and saw Benny in the doorway. Finally, someone who would talk to him.
“No,” Sam interrupted his brother. His tone was determined, even though he looked strangely absent-minded. Then he turned fully to Dean. “
“Oh no, not
program, and, despite his lack of skill, Castiel had finally managed something that reminded a scarf as well as he was capable of. There had been an auction afterwards, and Dean, despite him being the only bidder for the piece, had paid five times the price the auctioneer had asked for. It warmed Castiel’s heart to think back to that day – he and Dean had not even started their relationship back then, even though Castiel had already been head over heels for the alpha. And during the last winter, Dean had actually worn this thing on cold days. In public.
Gordon looked like a trapped animal for a moment, and then suddenly he jumped up like an alpha in a Rage, even though the next Full Moon was still a few days away. He pointed a finger at Bela and shouted: “That bitch did it! She is the thief! I have proof! I know she keeps one of the diamonds she stole from the jeweller in her purse.”
to back out, there are still Sam and Eileen, Charlie, Benny. And even Bobby. You think you can talk all of them out of helping you?” Dean looked oddly torn for someone who had just heard that his friends would not abandon him. “We all want to support you, Dean. And it would be a lot easier if you were on our side. Investigating in two separate teams seems counter-productive.”
“Well, I seem to really like omegas with strikingly blue eyes and sex-ruffled hair before anyone has even touched it. I also seem to be weirdly attracted to a certain death stare.”
Castiel blinked. Yes, of course. He should not be so surprised.
“Have you two been on vacation? I just ask, because your house seemed empty for the last couple of days.” There was an edge in Dean’s voice, but Castiel could not tell whether it was from curiousness or animosity.
“Saturday?” Castiel looked at her with astonishment. He had not even been claimed on Saturday.
Castiel tried to shove his hurt feelings down and concentrated on a probable pretext for his curiosity.
tonight as he had been yesterday. True, it had been a long day and Castiel was tired, but at the same time he wanted to feel close to his mate. Acting on impulse, Castiel pulled down his boxers and lay on the bed. On his back, above the covers, so his alpha could see all of him. Castiel had learned by now that Dean liked to just look at him. But – of course – as soon as he had lain down, he felt self-conscious. He was just about to cover himself when Dean returned to the room. Too late now.
“Sure! Yeah!” Sam answers sort of unhelpfully, more hoping for than guaranteeing the method, “Humans do it a lot! It’ll work!”
Mentions of Off-Screen Character Deaths
Dean tries to ask silently,
Dean had been sleeping in the library for the last week, trying to avoid that long corridor, and all of its identical doors, because he knew that he could be blindfolded and spun on the very axis of the Earth before stumbling drunk and in the dark down that hall, and he’d never miss Castiel’s door.
"I don't, but all I care about is being here for you today, kay?"
Helplessly, Castiel’s shoulders go slack, “well… you can see how I find it easier to be silent.”
,” he specifies on a map he stretches across his end of the table, “Now. I know the block, and I know the building.”
Instinctively, Dean sucks on Castiel’s fingers, tongue massaging coarse finger pads, and he bucks up against him while still pulling him down by the hips, and then beneath his shut eyelids, Dean’s eyes roll back at the sound of Castiel’s shuddering moan.
“What about -”
, some traitorous voice in the back of his head whispers.
How is he supposed to walk through a department store and not look at the trench coats all lined up on the wall?
, he's hot, he's bothered, he’s excited for the first time in
CONTENT WARNING:
“Why is this difficult for you to believe?” Castiel wonders, “You are aware of how you appear. Is it so surprising that you are physically and metaphysically the most beautiful to my perceptions?”
“So, a demon tells you where Satan's gonna be, and you just believe it?” Risa wonders, reasonably.
Maybe he shakes his head, or breathes out something sharp, and wet, but whatever it is - Sam understands.
“Any poet who has not met you I cannot trust truly knows the meaning of the word ‘spellbound.’”
“I do want you, Dean,” Castiel confirms, eyes shut, voice whining lowly while he rubs unabashedly against Dean, “I trust you. I like this. All of this. All of
Apparently distracted with Dean’s mouth, Castiel agrees with a single nod, and the rest, it would seem, is up to Dean.
He doesn’t know when Zachariah will come for him, he wants it to be soon enough that he won’t witness what becomes of Cas, but he fears he will.
His brain still isn’t offering anything useful in way of imagining gay sex, gay sex with Castiel, or Castiel as a sexual being - but his body has decided it doesn’t need his brain online to rev the engine.
“You are glorious, Dean,” Castiel tells him as a matter of fact, hand petting exposed skin until he reaches Dean’s shoulders, “I do not fault her for wanting to connect with you, but she couldn’t have. Not like I can. She should have known better than to attempt to take what was never hers.”
It’s better if it’s never his.
would tell me I was imagining it, and I - and then the
Rubbing his neck in what is a very new visible tic, Castiel shrugs, and doesn’t respond right away, leaving the floor far too open for mockery.
“He’s not the same person you know.”
"Ew, Dean!" Claire shouts, "You got married!? When? What are you even doing out here!?"
The Winchesters jump in unison, both with hands on their guns faster than should be possible. They both visibly relax again, though, when they realize it’s only Castiel interrupting.
Clambering out of the grave, Dean brushes the soil from his hands onto his dirtier jeans, and stomps more than walks up to Castiel.
It would be fun to watch Dean flounder, if nothing else.
Did Castiel know how hateful it would sound, to say, "goodbye, Dean?" Did he know?
“She’s a fully grown woman, Dean,” Castiel corrects him, eyebrows scrunched in confusion as he brings his glass to his lips, “Besides, I’d only be wasting her time. I cannot dance, and I’d not be amenable to having relations with her, so it’s better I -”
The way Castiel is watching him makes his face flush with heat, his painfully hard cock twitches in his jeans nudging up against Castiel’s, which answers in kind.
- of course it was a
“Yes,” comes the predictable answer.
"Say it for me again," Dean commands, though it comes out sounding a lot more like a plea.
Dean ignores how hot his face is, and tries to ignore his future self’s incendiary glare even a fraction as much.
It’s only half a lie; Dean isn’t lying when he admits it’s been years since he’s had as much as fun as he just had with Castiel during this weird misadventure to get him laid.
She’s beautiful, no doubt, but next to Castiel, with all his otherworldly energy and luminescent eyes, all human beauty seems to wilt in comparison.
“No, I mean do you know how to ask a girl to dance?”
"He said he would've done anything for a chance to just - make me happy. Forever. He said that he loved me."
He never asked how it was that his future self and that Cas ever fell into bed together. Or kissed, for that matter. He doesn’t know how it happened, only that it did, and that his future self threw it away. His future self gave up on Cas - gave up on
“The world, Dean. Not me. I’m - I’m lost. I’m already gone.”
“Take it,” Dean intercepts; his left hand is noticeably trembling against Castiel’s side, under his shirt, and while he says 'take it,' what he means is, 'take from me so I don't have to admit I
He flashes those sapphires up at Dean, the tips of their noses pressed side-by-side, “I said it when I meant it the most. When it was not enough to know your name. I said it when we fought, when you hurt me, when I hurt you back - when I thought I’d die without your skin, beneath the blankets. When I was infatuated, spellbound by you. When I couldn’t justify being alive, but I wanted to be anyway - I wanted to be alive so I could adore you.”
“You and I can interact on several planes at once," Castiel mutters, as though that clarifies anything at all, "Because of our bond, Dean, you and I need not be alone in ourselves.”
"He was better than that," Dean grumbles, his voice failing him after so much alcohol, and yelling, "He was real. And he fucked up a lot. The stakes were high, and sometimes he fell on his fuckin' face, but he was real. And, Jody..."
So much so, Dean can’t find it within himself to potentially make him feel any worse.
Castiel moves as though to get up and off Dean, and while some dwindling higher function of Dean’s brain reminds him that that is what he’d wanted to accomplish when pushing Castiel away, his body has other ideas, and has already decided on its turn at the intersection.
Curling in on himself, the tears cascade, and all he can hear is every reprisal of “hello, Dean,” in that low rumble he will never have the chance to recognize again.
“... Cas?” he rasps, knowing full well what Castiel is feeling in that moment - it’s dizzying. It’s sickening. It’s all at once too much and not enough.
He’s still so hard -
“You’d like my permission to kiss?” Castiel intercepts neutrally, “Like people do?”
"A suitable explanation, yes," Castiel agrees.
When Castiel clearly doesn't understand what 'tapping equipment,' might mean, Sam specifies, "it's so we're able to hear into a room from far away, to spy on suspects. He's in the parking lot, listening to us talk through wires."
A loud cry deflected Castiel from his endeavour. He looked back down again – just one last time, he promised himself – and saw Jack fall to the ground. The boy then lay silent and motionless on the hard forest floor. Claire still had troubles to fight off the leader, and Jesse almost couldn’t block the blow of a sword, tumbling backwards. Dean let out an angry snarl that echoed through the forest, probably making any animal run as fast and far away as they could.
They made their way to the palace and through the gates without being stopped for questioning. As embarrassing as it had been to be discovered by Meg and her men in such an inappropriate moment, it also had its advantages. At least he did not have to try and convince a city guard that he was a royal prince, no matter how he looked. Or smelled.
Castiel tilted his head to the side and thought for a moment, trying to calm his own anger that had seemingly come out of nowhere at Jack’s subtle accusation. “I don’t think so. I think Dean would have regretted to kill any strong and brave shifter, no matter what I thought of you. And it was
“What?” Anna squeaked. She had always been grumpy that female alphas had a lower rank than male ones – and one of the reasons for their supposed inferiority had been that they could not sire strong offspring with omegas. Being an
Castiel woke up with that comfortable feeling he had almost gotten used to by now. Just like the past four mornings, Dean’s body was glued to his back, the alpha’s strong arm around his waist, managing to press the omega even tighter against his chest. The alpha’s scent was a pleasant mixture of
Chapter SIXTEEN
It had made Castiel wonder, not for the first time, if the alpha was someone special. According to the fact that he had been running through the forest in a small group, Castiel had assumed he was some kind of hunter or a warrior, guarding the border. A respected one, of course, judging from his obvious strength and the way he postured with his tail high and his ears forward – but now Castiel assumed there was more to it.
Castiel stared at the bread in his hand, not wanting to answer because he was afraid he might cause trouble for Cesar.
“Dean. Just… You better hurry up or I will throw you out and… and use some toys to help me get through the next few days.” Castiel had tried to sound authoritative, but the way he caught his breath between words probably did not help making him appear anything but a lust-fevered mess. Castiel could practically feel Deans grin as the alpha had now nibbled his way down Castiel’s spine and was currently licking over the soft flesh of his ass.
“None other than Rowena McLeod!”
“My three oldest brothers and I … we never really got along.” He didn’t mention how they had a very different view on how an omega should behave. “But Gabriel, who is next to me in age – we are quite close. He lives in Ehrfield so, unfortunately, we manage to meet only about every other month. But he is considering to start his own business here in Sanddorn.” At that thought, a small smile tugged on the omega’s lips. His life here was quite lonely, he mostly concentrated on work and his beloved books; he had no family of his own and only two friends, who he rarely met. But Gabriel had always been successful at getting him out of his shell.
“We were on a supply run, easy enough, but - Lisa was not doing well, mentally. None of us were - or, are, even - but, she in particular… she was petrified. Constantly. And it impaired her judgement at times, dulled her senses, and often slowed her reactions. Normally, she and Ben would have been left at camp, but we’d lost four men on the last perimeter hunt, and we needed hands. I didn’t think it wise, but you thought I was being ‘petty,’ and ‘childish.’ They weren’t supposed to do anything, really, other than carry groceries, so -”
Still hot and bothered, he blinks up at Castiel, and meeting eyes with him sends his thoughts scattering like bats across the night sky.
“Yes,” Castiel reaffirms, his eyes cast low and concentrated at where he’s brushing his fingers, “May I have more?”
"Truly, I don't know. That, or I don't remember," Cas confesses, "I was unmade in a vacuum for all of a second and three million turns of the wheel, and then I was - well, I was initially in Pontiac, Illinois, strangely enough."
“Don’t pretend you give a shit.”
He spends a very pleasant two minutes with her.
“I am not Lisa,” Castiel starts, his head tilting to the side, “nor am I Cassie, Robin, or anyone else you might have seen a life with, built a life with, loved in that way, but I… I would have unfolded all the universe for a chance of that with you. To fulfill you, and to make you happy for all of your days. That's what I want - more than anything, and above all else.”
Dean's glad he's such a quick study.
“Dean,” Castiel begins nearly inaudibly, “I apologize, I -”
“No, not… I mean, like…” he flounders.
May as well start sleepless, barefoot, and heavy as lead outside Castiel’s Earthly bedroom.
Risa makes it out, but Cas gets stuck in the doorway by Dean’s voice.
Still, he rolls his eyes.
"Are you telling me you made a bargain with your life that you didn't even fully understand the stipulations for?"
So, he doesn’t speak about it, because speaking about it will only solidify it more, make it real, and he can’t have that. He just can’t. He can’t have it be any more real than it was, he needs degrees of separation from it all just to keep moving one foot in front of the other.
As it turns out, and much to Dean's dismay, it seems the bunker is full of Castiel.
He notes the difference - this is not crying. He has cried before, but it’s never been like this, it’s never made his stomach contract painfully, like his body is trying to purge him of the agony, and whatever he feels in his blood is more than grief, more than despair, some other beast he has no circle to keep safe from.
Meeting Sam's eyes, Dean tells him flatly, "he said he was proud of you."
“Kissing is marvelous,” Castiel tells him decidedly, his thumbs still touching at Dean’s bottom lip.
“See now what that lovely lady wanted? Feel bad yet?” Dean prompts.
“Because I love you so.”
The air is full of fireflies, the sky is getting dark, and from somewhere further off to the East, he hears the rumbling of thunder.
“Sam.”
Visibly struggling for the right words, Castiel moves his arms in an indistinct gesture around his chest, and tells him, “he carries a… a despairing... anthem - o-of such calamitous love for the world, for all he knows and all he has yet to learn, it is a song I recognize somehow, and when he nears me, when the music of him comes closer, I feel some timeless distance dissolving from within me. Some unknown part of myself disappears, and another is risen over a chasm that I didn’t know was there until he bridges it back together, with only his nearness. This is what I must have recognized in Hell... how the nearness of him effects me.”
“You’re always, uh… y’know. Don’t make me spell this out, man. Just - you can sleep if you want.”
A Manananggal - she is hideous, and terrifying to look upon, and he only succeeds in killing her purely by accident.
Sam appreciates the gesture, takes Cas’ hand, and when he’s stabilized again in his and Dean’s latest motel room, Cas draws his hand back, looking a bit cowed.
Worried, Cas shows both his palms and takes a step backwards to the doorway, “oh - I don’t think -”
He doesn’t tell Castiel the thought that occurs to him then, but reminiscing on a collection of memories all featuring Cas confiding in him - it makes him feel powerful. That Castiel trusts him so implicitly makes him feel good, and right, and reassured somehow.
Anger As A Fear Response
There's a pile of books on the bedside table with tabs in the pages, a decoder ring by the bottom of the lamp, a small incense burner with ash in it, and his false FBI identification card.
“Understood,” Cas tells him with serious conviction, studious and militant.
“Oh - we’ll probably wanna go somewhere more private, so we can move a little more freely.”
“Yeah, like, it makes you feel good to stare at. Stuff that gives you happy feelings to look at.”
Stalling in the doorway, Dean allows his future self only a moment to speak, but his resolve to go after Cas won’t be broken.
“For what purpose is he smiling at me?”
i am new to the spn fandom still and so i am submitting my obligatory Free To Be You And Me Episode AU
"Whatever - never mind, that was stupid, I -" she takes a deep breath, during which Dean finally recognizes the stuffed animal situated next to her computer screen, and his heart seizes up, "Anyway, I got it to you. The mix. He didn't know what to title it - like, he thought because yours had a label, that his had to have one too? Like those were the rules? You know how he was... anyway. It's yours now. I can, uh - wash my hands of this."
Pulling his face away so he can reposition his kiss-swollen lips over Dean’s panting mouth, he hooks his fore and middle finger around Dean’s bottom canine, pulling his mouth open more so he can lick inside, pull a tortured groan from Dean, and then rumble, “I like how you taste.”
When Dean’s counterpart doesn’t answer, Cas tilts his head in intrigue, still held up by the front collar of his shirt, and he adds curiously, “... you think I’ll go back to Heaven. Without you.”
Setting his drink down, Dean worries at Castiel’s overt and obviously anxious expression, “hey. Relax,” he tries.
saying is that it’s not been years since someone was as warm to him as Castiel is; and that’s because it hasn’t been years - it’s never happened before at all.
“Cas? I saw you bite your tongue. Why do
"He said this - he said it would be Heaven. If he had one, he said his Heaven would be in the passenger seat here, and I'd drive him wherever the road took us, and we'd be together, windows down, and... I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, I just - I'm shit at talking about this, and it
Upon his insistence, Jody drives Baby rather than her own car - normally, Dean would be very opposed to this, but he wants to continue drinking, and he really shouldn't drive in this state of mind, he's worried he might purposefully wrap himself around a tree.
It's as he goes to glance out the passenger-side window for a quick admiration of the view from that side that he notices Cas just occupying that space where nothing had been a split second beforehand, and he slams on the brakes fast enough that they realistically should have spun out and both been tossed through the windshield to grisly ends, but thankfully, that's not what happens.
“It’s just called a crush, Cas -”
“I loved being in Baby with you,” Castiel admits, his smile growing even as teardrops fall from the turn of his jaw, “That is where my Heaven would be, Dean, if I could have one. If I could have a paradise of my own, for my own immortal soul had I one, that’s where I would go. I would be in the passenger’s seat of Baby, you’d drive with the windows down, and long stretches of road ahead of us.”
Castiel slants his mouth, sighing through his nose, “I’m an ancient being, Dean. I’ve carried great weights of regret, obsessive, punishing memories, as all things that live long enough to know better, and still fail. But, there is something else I carry.”
Laughing to himself, and partly wondering if his sense of humor is too dictated by being an older brother, he follows another sex worker to sit with and drink.
Castiel removes his borrowed flannel and fits it over his chest like a blanket, then he tucks his arms under each other, beneath his makeshift blanket, nudging himself into the passenger side door.
Of course, neither did he, and he knew why she was so disoriented and upset.
Canon Character (kind of) Death
“No - Cas,” Dean cringes, his heart twinging painfully in his chest, “Cas, that’s so fucked up -”
Clearing that thought away as quickly as it comes, Dean announces, “showtime,” and offers his own winning smile at the woman while Castiel stiffens further in his seat.
He fears the keen loneliness, the specific brand of loneliness that floods him when Castiel leaves him, he fears he can’t take another cut, another burn, he can’t say goodbye again, he doesn’t want to, the pain is too immense - he's spent a lifetime in Hell, torturing and being tortured, and he's been hurt in all ways a human can be hurt, but nothing frightens him more than the prospect of never seeing Castiel again.
Dean's shoulders fall, he lets his head fall back while he draws a deep breath, and then he rolls his head back forward, and stares down into the suds.
There are several families that drop by briefly, confused by the variety of attendees (and maybe alarmed at the rowdiness of the guests in the backyard), but their stories vary just as widely; he saved their baby, he found their lost dogs, cats, birds, and rabbits, he rescued an elder who'd fallen on subway tracks, he'd thrown himself between a woman and gunman, he'd volunteered to help fight wild fires, he healed a wound, restored a sense, he helped rebuild homes after a hurricane in record time, he bear-hugged a young man to keep him from jumping to his death.
CONTENT WARNINGS:
Dean felt remorse for the Cas he saw who was high on opioids, so why couldn’t he gather that empathy for the Castiel he knew wound up high on potential, and power?
Expression relaxing into something more sympathetic, Cas looks him in the eye, and tells him, “I can’t promise you anything, Dean. I wish I could…”
He looked through the window in the hallway and saw Alastair, holding the plate in hands that Castiel had just brought him less than an hour ago. That was quick – he must have left just moments after Castiel.
“A misconception I can easily understand. Since I thought you were some sort of servant. I certainly did not expect to meet the King of Aniol in the stables.” He smiled and Castiel could feel himself already fall in love with the crinkles around the alpha’s eyes. The alpha’s smile was beautiful. Not like his own that wrinkled up all of his face. Dean was perfection, and it seemed only logical that his smile was too.
I always thought they should be as docile as possible. I was obviously wrong. Seeing you with your mate, scenting this strong claim on you… Be honest, Castiel, does that not make you feel protected?”
“Oh, baby, what did I ever do to deserve you?”
Dean balled his hands into fists, and Castiel subtly moved towards his alpha and stroked over his arm. They had practiced this with Rowena multiple times – it was Castiel’s job to keep his mate calm.
Castiel opened the door to his apartment and let out a long sigh. How should he survive the evening without company? He assumed he could make a chart. Write down everything he knew about Uriel and his death. Possible suspects. Times and places.
He felt relieved about the fight of the last day. It seemed to only have strengthened their relationship. Castiel was glad that he had addressed the things that had bugged him. And that they had been able to talk it out and even agreed on a compromise. He was oddly grateful that they had had a real quarrel before they would be mated – because now, he had a notion of how Dean would react in a fight. How they would carry on after some yelling. Castiel was not stupid, so he knew Dean would not suddenly turn into a docile love-sick puppy. But he hoped he would at least consult Castiel instead of making decisions for him, without even listening to the omega’s concerns.
He hoped his currently detached feelings were no indication that he was going into shock. But there seemed to be more urgent questions for the moment.
>>><<<
“Ugh. That happy scent on you is really disgusting, Clarence. Your alpha must have a very big knot if this is how you come out of a heat.”
There was an uncomfortable moment of silence. Castiel had no idea what to make of the brothers’ words.
When he heard someone in the house, Castiel pulled on some boxer-briefs Dean had laid out for him and hurried down the stairs. As he reached the hall though, he did not face Dean but an elderly stranger.
Castiel almost sighed in relief – he liked Charlie, he truly did, but he usually understood less than half of what she said.
>>><<<
. Always. What if we don’t? What if I won’t give birth to an alpha male– so they cannot mate an omega and have another male alpha son?”
– at the same time as Dean shoved his cock into the omega. And Castiel who had never been particularly fond of possessive behaviour just melted a bit more. Dean’s movements were sharp and fast – and Castiel answered in kind, meeting each of Dean’s thrusts eagerly. Neither man had the patience to drag this out any longer than necessary – and Castiel could feel the beginning of his release after only a couple of strokes.
“…is exactly what a psychotic serial killer would say.” But there was a smile around Castiel’s lips as he said it. He liked this alpha. He liked how his skin tingled from the way he looked at him. God, it had been too long since someone had looked at him like that. And the alpha had not even smelled his heat yet.
Sometimes Castiel wondered at the strange things his mate said.
Sam had a soft smile on his lips, and Dean was grateful that he didn’t say anything, even though he clearly wanted to. But Sam’s look was loud enough. They had been over this a hundred times during the last couple of years. Sam thought that Chuck somehow trusted the Winchesters, that he brought them good wolves who deserved a better life. But Dean was not so sure. There were a lot of packs out there. He admitted that Sam was partly right – some, like Lucifer’s, were more vicious than others – but it was not like Dean led a reintegration centre for traumatised wolves with included cuddle therapies. He was certainly not fit for that role. Though Sam might, with his calm demeanour and rational actions. But apart from the fact that he did not understand why Chuck would so often reach out to him, there was also another matter that irritated Dean about Chuck’s meddling. He did not understand why the Father got involved in the first place – or rather, why he did not
Castiel was about to turn around and leave, but Uriel grabbed his arm. Castiel looked at him with a raised eyebrow and a cold expression, while he hoped the unwanted pang of fear was not too noticeable in his scent. Uriel let him go immediately, but his eyes glinted with anger as the alpha stared at the mark on Castiel’s neck. Uriel even let out a low growl that had one or two heads turn in the lobby. Sensing the attention, the alpha managed to calm himself to another charming smile.
or called everything he remotely liked
He looked around and saw Castiel had halted only a few steps behind him. The alpha wanted to let out a relieved sigh, but then he noticed the frown on Castiel’s face as the omega watched him intently.
The look on John Winchester’s face was completely baffled for a moment – and if he were not so nervous himself, Dean would have laughed at the man’s torn expression. He even opened his mouth a couple of times before he found his words.
“So what? I just go home and wait?”
“Come on, baby. You know how you get when we watch a movie. You either fall asleep – or you try to … let’s say
It would probably take time until Castiel would not feel a pang of jealousy, whenever he saw Lisa – but her open and sincere words had not been wasted on Castiel. His mind understood she presented no threat to his relationship with Dean; he just had to wait until his heart followed. When the two climbers finally came back and Ben chatted with childlike enthusiasm, Castiel had to admit how impressed he was with an omega who had raised such a great child single-handedly.
“After… after the last round you kept talking in your sleep. About how much you want some. Took me a while to figure it out – it sounded like
“Seriously, what is going to happen?”
“Everyone here has at some point cleared out chamber pots or peeled potatoes.”
they had been back to Greenville. The only two people who had ever really teased Castiel about
since Castiel had not once in his life been sexually attracted to a female, no matter which subgender.)
Castiel could not help the little laugh that escaped his lips. “I hardly had a chance. I have been busy.”
Kevin looked around like he was searching for something, then he turned back to Castiel: “No one else here.” He smiled. “But if you want to go investigate on your own, I don’t mind. You can go anywhere you want, Castiel.” Kevin tipped his head to the side in thought. “But maybe don’t leave the territory before checking in with Dean. Not on your first day.”
There was a pause before Gabriel responded: “Well, I do. Don’t ever tell him I said that, but you made a good catch there, little brother. Dean is not some asshole who is too overwhelmed by his own alphaness that he walks around killing people just because he doesn’t like them.”
“I have both of your life in my hands, Dean. So it is not advisable to irritate me further. It would be much more pleasant for all of us if you tried to play along.”
“But I usually help Donna in the afternoons.”
Castiel felt a sudden wave of irritation, and it took him a moment to realise why one of those names sounded familiar. Then he remembered the pretty beta smiling at Dean like a pleased cat. He also remembered how she sent them up to deliberately interrupt a private moment between Victor and Benny. Well, it could have been a coincidence, but Castiel didn’t think so.
“Alfie, is that what I think it is?”
“Our father… after our mum had died, when I was just six months old, he lost it. He could hardly keep a job since he had to leave the army, he drank too much, got in every bar-fight he could find – and Dean was the one who made sure we had enough to eat. He brought me to school and told me jokes when I was scared of the monsters under my bed.
The article seemed to be less lurid than the one Castiel had just held in his hands however.
Castiel would ruin everything for Sam.
“Yes, that is right,” Lucifer confirmed immediately, but Castiel still knew him well enough to see that he was surprised. Maybe he had not expected Castiel to be so honest with his son. And Castiel had often argued with himself, as much as with Gabriel, what he would tell his son. At this moment, he was very pleased he had simply told the truth. If he had followed Gabriel’s advice to invent some heroic war veteran who had died for his country, this situation would be a lot more difficult for all of them, but especially for Jack. “I came here to meet you, Jack. So we can get to know each other. Maybe we could do something for your birthday together. When is it, in four weeks?”
After Dean had left for work, Castiel decided he had waited long enough and went over to ring the doorbell. It took a while until Meg opened the door with a flushed expression. She was wearing slacks and a hoodie, her hair tousled around her head.
“Yes, you. See, we – that is, Dean and the Council – agreed that we let them retreat back home. They are just soldiers, following orders of their pack leaders, and to be honest, the Adler pack will be in disarray as it is – with no Alpha. But Dean does not want to let them go if you disagree. So, this is your choice.”
sex. I didn’t know there are alphas who want the omega to feel pleasure as well. No one has ever taken care of me before and you … just the way you touch me… and your wonderful scent…” Castiel knew he was rambling, but if the gentle purrs coming from his alpha were any indication, Dean didn’t mind, his alpha obviously preening at Castiel´s words.
alpha.
But he wouldn’t.
But Dean was not only a good hunter or simply handsome. He had also made him feel safe. Castiel trusted the alpha somehow, and his comforting scent smelled like
“No,” Castiel answered simply.
“Please, call me Bela, Detective Winchester.” She touched Dean’s hand as she turned the badge to have a look at it, and while she did, she leaned a bit forwards to show off a perfect cleavage. Castiel disliked her instantly. That feeling certainly did not change when the beta looked up at Dean through half-lidded eyes and asked in a seductive tone that Castiel could not even manage in his dreams:
Dean sighed. “I don’t know, Cas. When we were seven people, then it might have looked probable. But two men in shabby clothes? They might just kick us out when we claim you are a prince.”
Castiel’s head was spinning and the omega was fairly certain some synapses had just burn through in his brain. That would explain why he was not able to follow a simple train of thought. He tried again to make sense of his unfortunate situation. The tall man opposite him was not his True Mate, but he must know him. Know him well. If he were just an acquaintance, he would not smell so strongly of him as personal scents did not easily stick to betas. Maybe he was a family member, or a close friend. Or a husband.
In the end, he came to the conclusion that this pack might be more of a salvation.
Castiel’s eyes widened and he was out of the car and on his way to the entrance before Dean had even opened his door. The alpha followed him, chuckling lowly, and without giving Castiel the opportunity to get embarrassed about his behaviour, Dean had taken his hand and the omega could not feel anything but bubbling joy. He was sure he was radiating with it. Walking through the aisles, hand in hand with a gorgeous and kind alpha, buying a nestling bed – it felt surreal to Castiel; but in a good way.
Castiel frowned at the paper in his hand, but he could see nothing of the kind in his text. Not to mention that he was far from looking forward to certain matrimonial duties himself, much less was he lusting after them – he got the impression that it was seldom pleasant for the omega and he would not share another man´s bed more often than necessary. But even if there was some hidden message he had not intended to send, he
“Thank you, Dean.”
I got so used to the twice-a-week updates – this felt like a really long week to me  ;-)
Castiel felt hands on his shoulders, shaking him. He opened his eyes and saw the handsome face of his mate looming over him.
“No! No, I did not agree to anything.”
The beta looked torn. She opened her mouth twice before finally answering: “Nothing bad, Cas. Dean thinks you are making great progress.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh no, Billy’s gonna bring some from our favourite baker’s shop. I just
Still in the car, Castiel stared at the house like it was about to turn into a vicious monster and devour him. Dean noticed his look.
had never asked Dean out – he was shy and awkward and insecure, but Dean was none of those things.
– and he even imitated Dean’s posture. It was quite entertaining. When Dean sat on his chair in a somewhat macho-like pose it might at least look natural, but with Jack, it simply was hilarious. Everyone thought it was highly amusing how Jack seemed to study Dean with a concentrated look most of the time, like he wanted to memorise every detail – even though Castiel firmly hoped it was only a phase; Dean might not be the worst role model for a young alpha, but Jack also needed to find himself. And of course there was that one person who could not laugh at Jack’s antics, and that was the Alpha himself. Dean had barked impatiently at Jack on various occasions, when he had imitated him too obviously for him not to notice – but he had always looked a bit guilty afterwards. Especially because Jack usually looked like a sad puppy who couldn’t figure out what he had done wrong.
“You know, you can tell me if there are any sort of problems. Maybe we can find a solution together.”
“Me? I’m fine. How are you? I mean… I came here to ask if your wound…”
Dean’s brother was an
Unfortunately, his friends were not seated at the same table as Castiel. Dean had not welcomed them as new members as he had done with Castiel but as guests, and since they held no high rank, they were obviously not expected to join the pack alpha and his closest friends. Nevertheless, Castiel had hesitantly asked if they could sit up next to him, but Dean had stayed firm that he needed to honour pack-custom. It might not be well received if a pair of Angyals had him bend the rules on their first day. Considering that the arrival of two more strangers had unsettled quite a few people, Castiel agreed. But he did indicate that he himself could join his friends. Dean had looked so hurt at his suggestion that Castiel quickly changed the subject. It was only dinner, and not like he would have to wait for weeks before he could talk to Anna once more.
Dean blinked, surprised by the question. “It sounded like something Dean Smith would say, don’t you think? Frankly,
I hope you don’t mind more happy feels and open talks – because here it comes…
Something hard hit Castiel in the back and pushed him facedown to the ground. There was a hand on his mouth and a heavy weight pressing against him from behind, making it almost impossible for him to move.
Castiel smiled. “Thank you, Dean. That would be wonderful. But I don’t want you to feel like I am driving you out of your home…”
Castiel had to admit, though, for the longest time of his life, he had been convinced of the same principles as the rest of the nobility. He liked to think that he had never noticed how extensive the disparity among his people was, because he had hardly met anyone outside his close circle of family members and personal servants.
He took a deep breath to calm his nerves and to think about what he should do next. Leave everything as it was and talk to Dean as soon as possible? Or should he try to get more information? But he didn’t know how long he had until Meg was finished cleaning up downstairs.
It was the most divine scent he had ever smelled: pine and snow and sun and grass.
“A few minutes after two a.m.,” Castiel stated matter-of-factly.
I mean no
“So soon?”
towards each other.
Or maybe he had found a nearby town and was at some brothel with an unknown omega. It was something alphas did, wasn’t it?
“You have just been through a lot, Castiel. Let’s get you inside first. You don’t have to make any rash decisions. You know, no one would want you to confuse gratitude with something else. There are still at least four weeks until you should make a decision. More if you need it.”
Speaking of Dean: Where
Decades ago, the two brothers Michael and Lucifer, both lead alphas of large and prestigious packs, had been at war. The conflict had started after their combined forces had not been able to subdue the Winchester pack – both sides blaming each other. The battle between the brothers, right after their defeat by the Winchesters, had just weakened both packs even more – and at last, they had signed a treaty and decided to seal it with an arranged mating bond between their offspring.
And he meant it. No matter how stubborn and even patronising Dean could be at times, he would never try to make any important decisions for Castiel. He also did not believe in the Old Way that said omegas should stay at home and take care of their mates and pups. And, unlike Uriel, Dean would never use his Alpha Voice to force Castiel into anything. The only times Castiel had heard Dean using that voice towards him after their undercover operation was in the bedroom – when he complimented Castiel in ways that made him blush just thinking about it. Castiel had never known it could be used that way. He scrambled even closer to Dean on the couch, so he could scent him more clearly, almost purring against Dean’s chest. He could feel Dean’s chin resting on his head. Neither man said a word for some time, and Castiel was content to listen to Dean’s heartbeat and feel strong fingers wander through his hair, his neck, down his back.
It did not sound like a threat, but a promise.
“Thank you, Sam. I feel much better now.” Castiel smiled shyly and Sam leaned over to hug his new brother-in-law.
“Good Shifter, no. Those who can still live in their units. Only when it gets too dangerous, they flee to one of the safe spaces somewhere deep in the forests. We have the surroundings scouted regularly -so we will hardly be attacked without warning. And fortunately, I believe not even Lucifer has an idea we are growing so strongly in numbers every day.”
He let his voice reach all the hostile alphas, quickly turned around and started running.
“But… I thought this is what you wanted? That you just waited for me to be ready?” Castiel turned around so they lay face-to-face, even though he still couldn’t see anything more than shadows.
“I thought of something like that. Maybe there is still hope and you can re-educate him,” she said with a wicked glint in her eyes. “Anyways, he is definitely smitten with you, and I figured that an alpha who was so in love with his mate would hardly go around and rape other omegas. It just doesn’t seem probable. At least that is what my gut told me. Even Crowley agreed after a while.”
Again, he tipped his head to the side and left his neck open towards Dean.
pick his toys.
They dug a hole together and buried their clothes. It would still be easy enough to detect, but they hardly had another option. When they were done covering their tracks as well as possible, Anna once licked over Castiel’s ear encouragingly, turned around and ran straight into the wide forest, followed by Balthazar.
“You are a good man, Dean, and there is nothing better than that.” Castiel smirked. “Besides, you don’t need to be intelligent. You are so handsome.
But Lucifer had
Castiel looked at him for a long time, and Dean started to feel uncomfortable. Finally, the omega proclaimed: “I’m really glad Chuck brought me here, Dean. You’re a good man.”
But there was enough truth to his cousin’s assumptions – alphas often did get quite
knew about werewolves. But while most people in his life had seemed to be scared of them and tried to keep out of their way as much as possible, Castiel had always been fascinated.
Sometime, they had hesitantly started to talk about their bond – how happy they both were, and how Dean had never believed he would ever meet his Mate. His life just didn’t work that way, he said – and Castiel was surprised that there seemed to be an unhealthy dose if self-doubt in his seemingly confident alpha. With a fair share of embarrassment, they had agreed that they would not mark each other yet but wait until they´ve come to know each other better. Castiel was more than happy with that. They had all their lives ahead of them, a few days, maybe even weeks, would not hurt. It was strange – he knew he wanted to wear his alpha’s mark, but he still didn’t want to rush it. With a red head, Castiel even suggested they should wait with other physical aspects of their relationship as well – he was surprised Dean even understood what he was talking about, considering Castiel had mostly stuttered. But Dean had agreed with a blush and changed the subject by suggesting they should prepare something to eat. After all, it was already four a.m. by that time – not that any of the men had noticed until then.
“Awesome, isn’t it?” Dean said with a big smile. He seemed to enjoy Castiel’s astonishment very much.
. What are you, 40?”
“I should have seen it… And now you nearly got claimed! You and Dean nearly suffered the same horrible fate as my parents. And Donna was hurt! I should thank the gods no one else was injured.”
A sudden melancholy settled into his bones as he thought about all the wolves with whom he had hunted in these forests. There had been Benny, his best friend and almost like a brother to him. Anna, with her wit and flirtatious behaviour, the only one inside the pack he had ever engaged with in a sexual way. But that was back when Bobby was still Alpha. Bobby, who had taught him that strength and dominance were not the only attributes of a good Alpha. With an aching heart, Dean remembered how Ellen and Jo had wandered through the woods together on every Full Moon, inseparable, and better hunters than most of his alphas.
“So, what are you doing here, Cas? You one of the sorry sons of bitches who have to get back to work at five on a Friday afternoon? Or do you have a more reasonable job and get to celebrate the weekend with a nice cup of coffee.”
After he had woken up around four a.m., Castiel had initially tried to force himself to fall back to sleep again – it would not help if he was too tired all day to even think straight. He had read somewhere that lack of sleep could lead to the same symptoms as being drunk. And he could not help Dean if he was drunk! Of course, that line of thinking only made him even more agitated – and he buried any hopes of sleep before it was five.  He was just so anxious to
“I think you would be better off with Dean-o. You need someone who knows how to have some fun.”
“Cas? You back, sweetheart?”
Castiel laughed at the amount of food on the table – but at the same time his stomach growled again, and he sat down next to Dean, showing nearly as much fervour at eating as the alpha.
At that, Castiel perked up. But not as much as his wolf. “Why?”
When Dean returned in the early afternoon, Castiel had just started another attempt to rearrange his books. But again, he was interrupted. As soon as the alpha had stepped over the threshold, he prowled straight towards Castiel and breathed in deeply at his neck: “Mmmh, heaven.” He kissed his mate sensually and licked and nipped his way slowly down his throat. One could assume they hadn’t seen each other for weeks. Not that Castiel minded the passionate greeting.
“Now, I am not saying my brother has been celibate. He
So instead, Castiel jumped back onto the bed, curled up, and dozed off with a comforting feeling in his stomach.
After he caught his breath again, he undressed and washed himself from head to toe before he put on clean clothes. When Alfie returned, he was glad to see him being followed by a servant who changed the sheets and set a new pot of warm water on the dresser.
He stared directly at his niece until she looked away. It might have been the first time Castiel had seen him play the alpha card on anyone.
Rowena looked at him like he was some sort of imbecile. “Of course that would please him. You were sent here to marry one of the Winchester heirs, right? And Dean is certainly old enough to start a family.”
Dean, however, who stood now in the doorway right behind Jack, definitely knew who the stranger was. And he looked very much like he was making an effort not to snarl as he glared at Lucifer, who was now standing between Castiel on the one side, and Dean and Jack on the other. Unlike the rest of the group, Lucifer put on a smile. There was a moment of silence – Castiel could not decide what to say now that Jack was in the room; Dean was obviously as dumbfounded as Castiel had been half an hour ago, and even Lucifer did not seem to know if Jack’s sudden arrival was playing right into his cards, or not.
But before Charlie responded in any way, the front door opened and Castiel knew instantly who had arrived – even if his wolf had not basically waggled his tail in his mind. But Castiel was not the only one who seemed to enjoy the return of the Alpha; most shifters around the table relaxed noticeably, especially Rowena and Ketch.
>>><<<
“Who would be my partner?”
“Of course. The scent helps me, and I like it around when I take care of myself. Unfortunately, Benny never came up with the idea of giving it to me himself, so I usually steal one when I notice my heat sneaking up on me.”
Castiel twitched at the vulgar language, but no one else seemed to mind.
“All right, Ben, why don’t you ask the first question and then we go around from there.”
“Missouri… I … did you not get my message? I told you, you didn’t need to come by today…”
found out that Ms. Baum was working as a security guard again. Beforehand, she had been set on an unpaid leave since the police had treated her as a number one suspect in a robbery. Charlie had met the guard for the first time at the station and had been convinced of her innocence immediately. Castiel had been not so sure, but he never said anything. In the end, the police were not able to arrest anyone since the robbers had left no evidence – but Charlie had taken the case to heart, as much as she had Ms Dorothy Baum. Not that the security employee knew anything about that.
they had quit working with SecCo. But Dagon insisted she had not even been in the office for some of the dates those phone calls seemed to have taken place. One time she had visited her mother in a hospital, another was when her brother Asmodeus got married. Vic and I were inclined to believe her. It would have been stupid to lie about those things – it would be too easy to prove her wrong – and that suddenly made one person look very suspicious.”
“Wow, Cas, this looks delicious.” The words plus the radiant
Dean was right. Castiel almost never let himself get emotional. And he never allowed himself to cry, always afraid that Jack would notice. And it had felt especially good to talk about his past to an alpha – an alpha who did not judge him, but said he was brave and strong. He felt more tears run down his face, more from a sudden feeling relief than anything else. It felt like some heavy weight had been lifted from his heart. No matter what would happen between him and Dean, for the moment, the omega was just happy that he had someone to talk to, someone who just listened. That he had opened up enough to give Dean the chance – something else he almost never did.
To his surprise, Dean indicated for him to sit on his left side, while Sam was seated on the alpha’s right. Castiel was especially glad to see that Jody sat on the other side of him – while he had the alpha Bobby vis-á-vis.
“Hello. It is really nice to meet friends of Dean’s.” Nice – and mind-boggling.
Thereby he was one of the few exceptions to the rule. Most omegas stayed at home; cooking and cleaning. Pleasing their mates being their most important task in life.
Then he kneeled down on one leg and held his hand out to Castiel. Wounded as he was, the omega lumped over to him, dragging one foot behind him, until the man touched his muzzle.
Castiel rubbed his hands over his face, suddenly very tired.
on the road…?”
“If we want to win Gabriel for our cause, we have no time to lose,” Dean said and rose from his chair. He walked up and down the room, suddenly energised. Like he was tired of talking and happy he could finally do something. Like he believed in Castiel’s plan. That thought made the omega flustered. “The way to Loki will probably take ten to fifteen days on foot. We already planned to make a move on Michael’s birthday celebration, which means we only have six weeks total. There is the way to Loki, back again, and in between we need to convince the royal prince
“I … ahem… I don’t know. Maybe.” The question surprised Dean, or maybe it was the wary tone. In all honesty – he did want more children, but it wasn’t easy to discuss this topic with Jack without Castiel around. They had talked about the subject before, yes, but never in an all too serious way. Nothing binding. But Castiel knew that Dean wanted to have kids, he was sure of that, and the alpha had always assumed that Castiel was at least open to the idea. Otherwise he would have said so by now. Sometimes they had teased each other about what their children would be like – bookworms like Castiel or more interested in cars and sports like Dean. But they had never let that teasing go too far – at least Dean was always aware of what that may say about Jack. About which characteristics he might have inherited from his father. His
“Then how about you have a nice hot bath and then go to bed with a good book. I’ll send dinner up.” He pecked Castiel on the lips again, but Dean was suddenly a bit distanced. “I’ll sleep in your old room and check on you tomorrow morning. Then you can yell at me again if you want. And I’ll apologise again.”
He had been so caught up in his surprise about how easily he could leave the town grounds, it was only after about half a mile that he realised he had probably walked into the wrong direction. He was suddenly alone in the forest, and there was such an eerie silence surrounding him that it had his stomach churn. Since he was not sure where he needed to turn next to find the Old Tree, he decided it would be best to just take the same route back. Maybe ask the guards for directions, as embarrassing as this might be after his words from before.
The screen read:
Castiel woke up the same way he had fallen asleep – with Dean’s face buried in his neck. The alpha was already dressed and Castiel thought he could pick up the faint smell of coffee and toast, so Dean was probably about to leave for work.
Sam was the only one who tried to step between the two alphas, but he was held back by Ketch with a strong grip. Again, Dean felt the urge to punch him, but instead, he concentrated on Jack.
“What?” Dean mumbled. He had leaned forward, so much so that Castiel felt the scratch of his beard at his cheek.
Balthazar looked at Castiel for a long moment, still with that serious expression. But then he smirked. “A guard, eh? So that’s your type – muscled, disciplined, ready to draw a sword. And then you would fall into strong arms at night while that alpha would put his special sword in…”
“Idjit,” Bobby spat from the sideline. “What did he think would happen? That if he won, any of us would have followed him? That might work in some old-fashioned packs, but Dean is not our leader because he is handy in combat. We follow him, cause he makes sure no one goes hungry and we don’t rip each other into pieces.”
She smirked, and Castiel thought she tried to irritate him on purpose. She probably thought Castiel would have preferred if Dean had accompanied him to his room. And she was right. He felt sorry to part from Dean, but with the audience, there was really nothing else he could do.
Castiel’s mouth twitched. “No, absolutely not.”
“From what I could learn from Cain, this place did not always be so… restricted. It used to be a suburb just like any other – but with time, the more progressive families moved to the city and in the last decades, the place changed into a safe haven for old-fashioned alphas.”
“You really want to adopt Jack?”
“Can I check something?” Meg’s gaze was on Dean.
Dean heard the apartment door click open and shut a second later and felt himself grinning even before he heard the quick footsteps moving towards the kitchen.
Castiel could feel his own skin soften under Dean’s administrations and when he felt Dean’s tongue slowly lick at his bottom lip, he instinctively parted his lips and felt something close to relief when Dean finally entered his mouth.
The next day, Castiel checked on Jack first thing in the morning. Dean had said he expected the young man at seven in the kitchen for breakfast, so Castiel walked down to his room at a quarter past six, convinced he would find him already awake and ready. He felt guilty that he had not come to check on Jack last night already, but Dean had made it clear that he expected
“I forbade to execute people without trial. I cannot make exceptions just because I was the victim of a crime.”
-stunts himself the last couple of weeks, or maybe it was the fact that instead of turning around and leaving, Mr Roman just kept walking slowly towards Castiel. There was a predatory glint in his eyes, and the omega tried to swallow down his uprising fear. He was in his own house, with a bunch of people only a few feet away – it was not like the alpha would do anything in this situation. But still, Castiel’s hands twitched nervously, and he somehow hoped Dean would magically sense his discomfort and come to his rescue. The role of submissive omega did not allow him to stand up for himself after all.
Dean had noticed that Castiel was wary of him – understandable, he thought, knowing how some alphas, especially in Veenah, acted around omegas – and tried to keep him at ease as much as he could. He walked in front of him, back towards the omega, so he would feel relatively safe with his dagger in hands. Dean did not want Castiel to realise it, but he was not too intimidated by that weapon. He was pretty sure he could deal with it if Castiel suddenly decided to attack him for whatever reason. But why would he? Dean was basically his only way out of No Men’s Land.
“If you would like to pull over for the night, I will keep guard over you.”
“I know why I hate you.”
“You still have my Grace.”
He’d rather die than admit it to anyone, but Dean’s knees get a little weak, and Cas basically holds up his entire weight by just the grip he’s got on Dean’s waist.
"Dean - I'm - please - I'm going to come - we need to stop -"
Without answering, Castiel asks that he be more specific by turning toward him and quirking a brow up.
“You don’t fuckin’ need to! I’m not stupid, Cas!”
“Wh -”
“Yeah,” Dean confirms.
All he can hear now is Castiel’s fine humming, the rustle of their clothes, his own hard huffing, and the hot, wet slide of their tongues.
As the emergency exit doors shut behind Dean, and he’s catching his breath from the sudden burst of adrenaline, he can’t stop himself from laughing, and laughing hard.
“If you were blind, though, Sam, and you wanted me to explain to you what the color red is, I would not rest until I had exhausted all efforts to do so."
Every neurotically hyper-vigilant, protective fibre in his body is telling him to start this by just shouting and throwing hands, but he’s able to stop himself from that.
He taps at his temple, and tells Castiel, “I don’t go snoopin’ in there, and you shouldn’t either, ‘cause I know the guy who runs that place, and he’s a dick.”
Staring down into the open grave the boys are in, Castiel glances between the brothers and tilts his head, wondering if perhaps by a different angle, he may better understand what their expressions mean.
Coming up short, Dean almost swallows his entire tongue with how immediately he wants to argue, but Cas steamrolls right over him; “but why is he?” Cas asks, indicating Dean to his future self with a hitchhiker’s thumb, “I mean, he's you from five years ago. If something happens to him, you might vanish from this time, right?”
Dean cocks a disbelieving brow, and Castiel visibly swallows.
It’s not just that the bunker is haunted - everything is.
That gives Dean a moment’s pause where he seems to be searching Castiel’s face for some sign of sarcasm or deceit; there is none to be detected, of course.
Snorting, Dean feels his eyes get hot, and he watches in awe as Castiel looks down, and away, as though he's shy, and then he looks up at Dean from under his thick, dark lashes, flashing those sapphires at him like it doesn't leave Dean fucking spellbound.
Silence reigns as Dean tries his damnedest to break his knuckles across the drywall, punching, banging, and cursing until he's lost his breath, and sweat is beading at his temples.
“You know, I used to drive all night. I mean -
, he knows he's going to fuck Cas, that Cas is going to fuck him, that it's going to be the best sex of his entire existence, sex he's been waiting around for like a clueless gibbon his entire life, and he's in love with Castiel, an Angel of the Lord.
“... ‘sweetheart?’”
How is he supposed to listen to Led Zeppelin again, how is he supposed to drive in Baby with the passenger seat unoccupied when he knows no one will miraculously appear there in the fraction of a second it takes to blink an eye?
He clicks to call, and it rings, rings, rings, and rings.
"And this is for Dean?" Kaia smirks, leaning more toward Castiel, "The song?"
, and I wasn't ready, I just -"
“I understand kisses are… pleasant.”
The bunker is kept by him, and another two hunters that had nowhere else to go, ultimately; Shaw and Leslie. They usually accompany him, but he requested to hunt alone, which he does sporadically, and they respect his wishes.
He doesn’t know, and he figures he never will, because he’s not poking that sleeping bear for anything or anyone.
“No,” Sam answers roughly, “no, it doesn’t.”
- instead, he replies, "yeah, well, that's easy to say when you don't know what you're missin' out on."
Eternity hadn’t occurred to Sam, but he backtracks, replays their conversation again with that realization in the lens, and he sees why the panic was so violent. Of course it would petrify an entity like Castiel - if he loves Dean, it doesn’t change the fact that he’s going to have to bury Dean.
The clouds overhead are a deep blue-grey, bloated with what promises to be torrential downpour, the sky and greenery are so shrouded and deep that Sam could have believed they were underwater.
Castiel - the Castiel he knows, the one he has fought with, joked with, prayed to - the Commander and Seraph, a broken God in his arms -
“He’s gonna die tomorrow - he - he
Sam jolts at the sound of what he thinks are vast wings snapping demonstrably through the air.
His hair is wild, his eyes clear and sharp, his tie is loose and facing the wrong direction, and Dean knows he doesn't have a normal, physical heart anymore, but he sure feels like he does, and it sure feels like it's somewhere in his throat.
“... what was the last one? The fourth name you gave me?”
“Keep it safe for me, Dean.”
“You?” Castiel sounds disbelieving, and while Dean can feel eyes boring into him, he can’t manage to make eye-contact, “You would do that for me?”
“An exercise in futility?” Castiel wonders, his voice only slightly rougher than the rumbling of gravel beneath them.
“Okay,” Castiel says in confusion, tilting his head again.
Letting out a truly pitiful laugh, Cas tacks on, “this is how I know I’m now truly more human than anything else - I live in a prison of my own making.”
In a moment of silence between them, Dean follows Cas’ eyes to their clasped hands; Dean’s not sure what Cas is seeing, but whatever it is, it’s making Dean nervous.
“Cas -” Dean’s voice is strangled, it comes out so fucking small, and he doesn’t even know what he wants to say.
His future self seems to be waiting for something, but when the desired result does not come, he glowers more deeply, his brow furrowing and wrinkling with distaste.
"You know you're gonna have to spell that for me, right?"
"Oh..." is all Claire manages over the call, before telling Dean she needs to go, even though she answered the phone with plenty of time to spare.
"No, there's no body to view, or burn, or bury," and "I don't think he left anything for anyone," and "no, there's no affairs to put in order or anything," and "you were at the forefront of his mind when he -"
He tilts his head up, wonders at how bright Cas’ eyes are that they’re not shadowed in the encroaching night, or even by his position over Dean.
Privately, Dean thinks to himself that ‘reckless,’ is a pretty polite way of putting it, but more importantly, he thinks his future self looks weirdly irritated about the exchange. Like, maybe the word ‘reckless,’ has come into play between his future self and Cas before, and it’s a fighting word.
“We’re leaving. Pack your shit.”
The whisper of a smile tugs at the corner of Dean's lips, and he juts his chin out toward the laptop, indicating that she should play it for him.
“Oh, trust me, he wasn't lying.”
He has a punctured lung, a gnarly cut across his right eye, his side has been slashed through, and it's bleeding very heavily, he thinks the bitch might've nicked his kidney or something, a chunk of his right thigh is missing, and his jugular is pumping like a geyser, draining him.
“What will we do?”
He smiles in a sad sort of way, "this feeling he has given me... it is not something organic to me, it is something planted in me, growing upward and outward from me exponentially, painfully lodged in me as surely as a blade just above the heart."
“And you better fuckin’ not, seeing how rich that’d be coming from the abomination I picked outta the fuckin’ reject pile - the one mistake I did fuckin’ make.”
His features are painted dark in shadow, but his eyes are like luminous beacons.
When Dean doesn’t answer for too long a period, Sam crosses his arms over his chest, and continues, “I can go in there, if you want. If there’s something you need, or something -”
"I swear by everything, he wasn't there one second, and then the next -" Marc tells them, shaking his head, "I swear, I know it sounds crazy, but I was all alone up there. I'd planned it all out for weeks, I should've been alone, and I stepped off the ledge, and then I was being hugged from behind, and he said 'there's so much more.' I remember that - there was other stuff he said, but I must've been in shock or something, because I barely remember it, honestly. But I remember that. He said 'there's so much more, just hang on a little longer.' And he was right, of course. I was seventeen then, and I'm twenty-two now, and I'm in school, I've got a fiancee... I can't remember if I thanked him. I dunno what he was doing up there that night, but I thank him everyday for it, when I pray."
anything, it wasn't gonna
“What happened to Ben?” Dean growls dangerously.
"Did you get married?"
proud of him. If you see Claire again, tell her that she helped me to grow into something better, something less cruel, that I never really stopped repenting for all the wrong I did her, and that I hope that all of her dreams come to fruition. Dean, I loved the mixtape.”
Dean wonders, ridiculously thinking of a new color trenchcoat, a change of tie, or an espresso machine,
"Good things
... anyway, it's fine.”
“It’s
“Yes, I suppose it did. Thank you, Sam.”
She's stunned for a second, and then she asks him, "you think you'd've been happy with him, like that?"
Cas turns his head again, and murmurs against his lips, “there is nothing more beautiful to me than the thought of being completely alone with you. You would never need to speak another word if you didn’t want to, I understand you in your blood, your knuckles, and sweat, hair, and freckles. A shallow grave, somewhere the sun shines, where it’s green and quiet, it would be narrow and sun-warm, a bed for the ages, just you and I turning to hourglass sand, and no eyes in Heaven or Earth could find us. Imagine what flowers might sprout from us…”
because of you.”
"I didn't
In a fit of rage Dean wishes he could say he hasn’t had in ages, his future self flips the enormous table, sends chairs skittering and crashing, and points aggressively at him when he suggests heatedly, “how about you go ask him, hmm? How about you go ask Cas about where the fuck Ben and Lisa are, and why?”
, and
“Is it the humanity of it that draws you in, after hunting?” Castiel inquires, casual as anything, “Having someone trust you to treat them kindly, and offer them pleasure must be reassuring of your own humanity after such a long time of being used as a weapon.”
Chuckling a little on a nervous huff, Dean assures him, “no, no angry women, just uh - it’s - me. I’m - I am. Uh - I’m offering.”
When Castiel leans in and down to recapture Dean’s lips, Dean’s eyes shut easy, and he allows Castiel to deepen the kiss however much he likes.
gonna die a virgin. Not on my watch. Let's go.”
Leaning in a little further, Dean’s right arm slides over the back of the seat, and his shaky left hand brushes the front of Castiel’s coat, moving up until his hand is cupping the side of Castiel’s neck; his thumb brushes gently along the five o’clock shadow at the bolt of Castiel’s jaw.
One, only.
“Yes?” he asks, staring dreamily at Dean’s mouth.
“Jerusalem.”
“It’s all in here,” he answers, loosening his tie until it takes off into the sky, then pulling open and apart his layers, and moving his spread hands over his exposed skin like something may come tumbling out of his chest, “it began with twitches, tics I couldn’t control, a feeling of feverishness, chills, then the heart - it’s thudding violently, it hasn’t stopped in what feels like ages, and the lungs are constricting, I feel buzzing under my skin, like I need to escape it at once, that I am being pushed out, or dying, there is this inescapable
He wants to let Cas know it's no trouble, but in less than an instant, he's gone, and Sam finds himself alone in the room; at the apparent emptiness of the room, he assumes Dean must still be out at the morgue, and his sudden field trip with Castiel will go unnoticed.
It's when they're all covered in gore, and sinew, and sweat, talking about a big dinner to celebrate, and Dean is flipping Sam off about having a 'beer belly,' (which he does
"Can I be blamed for not wanting this to end?"
If Castiel understands his expression, he doesn’t show mercy.
In some part, he says nothing and does nothing because there is nothing to say or do - that’s just not them. That’s not his time, it’s not his sequence of events - it’s a bad dream. It’s not his. It was never supposed to be his, anyway.
Dean hears himself make some kind of noise - he can’t tell what it is, because there’s too much blood rushing in his skull - there’s
Still shaking his head in disbelief, Dean repeats, "that's not - this can't be real. You're not really here."
When the strumming plays out, and Castiel looks up from the lyre to gauge their reactions, Kaia inquires, "what does it mean?"
Focusing on his recall, Castiel shuts his eyes, and eventually answers, “familiarity, and in that, safety. I become excitable, something that is like nervousness, but not fear. Often, I feel relief. Possessiveness, sometimes hyper-vigilance - an urge to guard and protect, even when there is no apparent threat. There is... something like mourning too, but it's not that either. There is a feeling of… goodness. I cannot be more specific. It is a feeling that is good, but it is also… wistful? Saudade, ya’aburnee, kilig, hygge, yūgen, fisselig -  it is difficult to describe in English... I feel gladness, comfort, and… longing.”
Having apparently exerted himself beyond his emotional bandwidth for the day, Sam wipes tears from his face with the back of his wrist, stands, and leaves Dean to bleed and pant, sitting on the edge of the bed.
Second, that he hasn’t had fun in too long, that his face hardly remembers how to work the muscles that make him smile, and his gut barely recognizes the strain of laughter.
,” Dean brushes off, though anyone with slightly more social awareness would be able to tell he’s nervous enough to be sick, “It’s a kiss, man. After everything we’ve been through, it’s - it’s the least I could do.”
“No, Dean,” Cas interrupts, stepping back more into the room, to the elder Dean’s apparent disdain; Dean appreciates it, though, as Cas looks at him with actual compassion, “Sam didn't die in Detroit. He said 'yes.’”
“No, we shouldn’t.” Dean replied, not too surprisingly. But then his stomach protested again, even louder than last time. The Alpha barked out a short laugh and pulled back. “All right. Maybe we could grab a quick breakfast, and then we can come back up here.”
Castiel let the words sink in. Dean did not reject him – he was being considerate. The omega’s breathing became more and more regular. Dean muzzled lightly at his neck. “I promise you, Cas, I am ridiculously attracted to you – but right now, we should just sleep. Both of us.”
Charlie laughed. “Yes, you already know Dean. And me, of course.”
As soon as the alpha had left the table, Castiel’s eggs and bread seemed to taste much better.
“Yes. You promised to help me fight, remember?”
marry, Castiel was also pleased that Dean had actually opened his mouth and told him about it. It was not like Dean could not be outspoken about his wishes – whenever it came to their sex life, Dean had no problems to tell Castiel what he liked and what he didn’t, as much as he consistently asked Castiel about his own preferences. In the beginning, the omega had often blushed beet red when Dean conversationally brought up what Castiel thought about role-playing one of his favourite cowboy movies or whatnot. Now, Castiel still turned red more often than he would like to admit, but at least he didn’t stutter out his answers anymore, and he had to acknowledge that Dean’s direct approach had probably a lot to do with the fact that their sex was so very satisfying. As much as Castiel had learned to communicate what he was completely on board with, other things he might agree to when he was in the right mood – Dean was still waiting on that one when it came to
Dean stopped his prowling next to Castiel and laid a hand on the omega’s upper back. “Don’t worry. We won’t send you out alone.” He squeezed Castiel’s shoulder reassuringly. Then he took his hand away, leaving a suddenly cold spot. Dean turned towards Bobby. “This needs to stay as secret as possible. Surprise is always a plus, and as much as I trust my people, you can never be sure what gets out. We could probably spare about three dozen fighters. And have one of our most capable lead this mission. I was thinking maybe Victor or Benny. Jody is needed here and…”
“That so? Now, I guess I need to find someone who will graciously offer joining me in this huge, lonely bed.”
For just the fracture of a second, Castiel contemplated to pick up his things and run. But he could hear a car parking right out of the door, and he had no doubt that this would be the person to pick him up.
“I let you go, you just gonna leave for your cabin?”
“Say it one more time,” Dean commanded, though it came out as a plea, “I w - I need it. Need to hear it.”
In a full year, she's the first to notice - or, at least the first to say anything.
“What…” Sam trails off, taking in Dean’s expression, and then seeing the bloody handprint on his jacket; his voice is a little more choked, and gentle when he finishes, “... is there anything we can do?”
“Not… uhm - not souls -”
, like the kind of courting gift he didn't have time for as a piece-uh-shit teenager, it was made for someone else by his hand, someone special - special to
Just as he’s about to lecture Castiel on the social barriers for interactions like these, two bouncers appear in the doorway from which Chastity left, and Dean quickly decides that he really doesn’t want to get his ass kicked.
“He was where kids went to die,” Dean interrupts, glaring at his future self, and shifting so that he’s standing closer to Cas, his hands pulling into fists, “he’s where all good things went to curl up and die. I don’t give a shit if Cas spreads black tar heroin on his toast in the fuckin’ mornings, okay? You -
Dean’s face is getting hot again with something akin to embarrassment - maybe more pleasant, though - anyway, he doesn’t stop Cas from saying more.
His heart skips a beat, like he's a pining high schooler, and he feels pathetic, embarrassed by his own emotions, but it also feels like the average teen emotion he never got to feel.
Dean watches his future self glare at the doorway.
“I’m a soldier, Dean. A Commander, actually. When I delivered you to the convent where Sam and Ruby were against the wishes of Heaven, I chose you. I pledged my allegiance to an Earthly King over an absent God, and I knew what I was doing when I did,” their steps slow down as Dean takes that in, “All I knew was that… I had faith in you.”
“... ‘yes?’” Dean parrots.
His chest constricts.
For a second, Dean's eyes spring open, and he's never - it's never happened to him before - that words alone - just words! - nothing is even touching his dick! - but before he can talk himself down from it, he's stepping over the edge, right into a one-two-punch of an orgasm that has his eyes squeezing shut and throat seizing up.
The prideful look on Castiel’s face means he wants to argue more, but his lips pinch shut, and he just gets on his feet, offering his hand in advance, rather than just zapping Sam somewhere else.
Walking around the front of the car, Castiel meets him by the left-most headlight, and brandishes a knife, passing it to him handle-first.
Before his future self can get another word in, he looks to Cas, who’s staring at him with wide, shining eyes.
Hoping to dissuade Castiel from what is sounding more and more like a kamikaze mission, Dean requests, “tell me something; you keep saying we're gonna trap this guy. Isn't that kinda like... trapping a hurricane with a butterfly net?”
With Castiel looking like he’s literally shaking in his stupid dress shoes, Dean answers for him, “Cas - his name is Cas. What’s your name?”
is who you are. You are a good man, Dean.”
“I had no reason to before. I had made a deal where my end of the bargain seemed so nebulous, I didn't even know if I would ever confirm the agreement."
Castiel placed his faith in Dean, and Dean could’ve told him any old day that putting faith in him was one sure-fire way of getting disappointed real fast, but he knows Castiel wouldn’t have listened to that.
; but he knows what Sam means.
“You… uh, listen - I don’t really like hearing gooey stuff about Dean, but you’re obviously, like,
“No,” Castiel answers, crumpled and despairing, “I feel regret. I feel regret about you. And what I did to Sam.”
night. I’d drive ‘n pretend I was tryin’a chase or outrun the Sun.”
Anger As A Fear Response
“I need nothing more than what I have; one and only,” is what Cas said when Dean wept for the loss of his wings.
!” Dean’s hips stutter as the molten coil in his groin grows tighter than he can remember it ever being, “Cas, Jesus
He wants to take from Dean, he could take whatever he wants whenever he wants, but all that he wants is only what Dean would give him gladly, and it's so simultaneously hungry and desperate, but selfless and controlled, Dean's astonished by it.
Straightening up again, Dean finds himself inexplicably angry - he'll never be able to play Clue again. Not unless he wants to shout, and cry, and throw the board off the table.
- treats him like that. Especially not a cheap knock-off of John Winchester, which is, by the way, somehow worse than calling someone a clown or a son of a bitch, okay? Seeing you, tonight? Like this? This is fucking humiliating. I’d tell you that you should feel ashamed of yourself if I had any reason to believe you feel anything at all anymore.”
Objectively, the kiss should be odd with Castiel’s probing touches, maybe even invasive, but instead it only serves to make Dean feel admired while being closely examined, and endeared.
Castiel his goodbye.
"Dean, slow down, I don't know what you're talking about -"
Raising his hands in surrender, Dean goes back to feigning innocence, but his throat is still stinging with vitriol.
“Here!” Castiel gestures at his torso, curling inward on himself, looking sincerely distraught, his eyes flicker with lights that disorient Sam similarly to passing someone who has their brights on, “I’m fit to burst, I don’t know what to do!”
The way he used emoticons was fucking indecipherable, like even after all the time he'd spent with humans, on Earth, he still couldn't figure out what expressions accompanied what emotions, and he liked where Dean had spread his ashes, and he turned a Heavenly army away to protect Dean, and he was so shit at saying goodbye that he'd just pop out of existence instead of just saying 'I'll see you later,' or 'goodnight,' and so why the fuck had he said goodbye?
What pains Sam is that Castiel sounds like he means it.
“I trust you, Cas.”
Dean tries his best to scowl, but he gets the feeling he isn’t visually very intimidating from down on one knee, with his cheeks pushed up by his eyes.
His body is hypersensitive to the low pitch of Cas’ voice, and the human blood-warmth radiating off him.
His hips buck involuntarily - not too hard or fast, but enough that Dean realizes it's an instinctive reaction to what he's prayed, and his lips tighten with what would be a smile in any other circumstance.
Dean's Internalized Homophobia
“I could do nothing. I could not find him in time, I could not get you to him in time, I could not predict where and when attacks would fall, people were dying all around us every day, and you needed me as I used to be, not as I was then - as I am now, either - and then Bobby - I couldn’t do anything to help Bobby either, and you kept - you kept telling me how I was leaving you alone in your suffering, how you felt you were without aid, or support - but I hadn’t meant to leave you in that. I was disoriented, I was lost - I couldn’t help as I once had, I was as an adult human learning again how to speak and walk, and you needed me to sing and run. I could barely crawl, Dean.”
“It’s a shame you don’t know how to dance, though,” Sam interjects, seeing by the vein throbbing in his forehead that Dean is about to start shouting about beautiful women and Cas’ ineptitudes, “I could teach you, if you want.”
Castiel visibly flushes, but looks at Kaia without hesitation or shame, and replies, "yes, it is a gift to Dean. Claire was unable to locate a recorded version of the song, as it has no official lyricist or formal title. She has assured me that she can convert the audio from this video onto a tape -"
, Dean - I had lost utility. So, they left me to suffer alone. I thought they were wrong. I thought I had you with me for all that could be better and all that would be worse, I thought
The coffee will never be black enough, honey will never be sweet enough, beer will never be strong enough, eyes will never be blue enough, lips never full enough, no one will stand close enough to him, not the way Castiel did, not with the innocence of someone who simply wanted to be near him and didn't adhere to social conventions.
It’s fine that his future self believes that - Dean can’t fault the guy for changing his mind after seeing horrors they likely haven’t seen since the Pit, but he shouldn’t have said it in front of Cas. It just isn’t necessary.
better, and that’s got to start somewhere.
This is all wrong - he feels like a helpless child again, like his life is splintering apart and he’s powerless to stop it.
Something about that is funny - or startling? - to both Sam and Dean, and Castiel can’t tell which or for what reasons.
“It’s alright, Cas,” Dean finds himself answering, eyelids heavy, his knuckles going white, “do what you want.”
The years have settled like a cool mist, littered with their fair share of difficulties, but they're able to navigate through.
He knows well that both ways lie madness, however.
The Angel is standing there alone, unmistakably ethereal with a backdrop of twinkling stars and lazy fireflies illuminating him; he’s examining his hand as though Dean may have left a mark or a message on him somehow.
“One ‘n only, huh?”
"Well, then what the fuck, man?"
He hasn’t come in his jeans in - ever, maybe, actually.
Exposing Dean’s neck more, Castiel yanks on Dean’s hair, watches the bob of his Adam’s apple, and he keeps grinding against Dean as he curves himself downward to kiss the corner of Dean’s eye, then inhale deeply against his hair.
He fumbles with his cellphone, shakily pulling up Castiel's contact, and he knows Sam is staring at him now, but he can't stop himself.
"Yes, you can," Dean permits, ensnaring Castiel's gaze again, a dare in his tone, "You want to. Look at me, Cas. I'm on my knees for you. You talked big in the car, now
“Wish I knew. But now we don't have a choice, so - it's in him, and it's not gettin’ out. And we've gotta kill ‘im, Dean. And you need to see it—the whole damn thing, how bad it gets—so you can do it different.”
“Oh - it’s Natalie,” Sam lets them know, “She wants eyes on the dance floor for a minute - I’ll take care of it - Cas, you’re doing great, don’t stop practicing!”
Cas’ eyes are too big, too beautiful.
through him, whiting out his vision, and lasting long enough that it hurts.
Uncaring about just about everything else, he wipes his hand on his own jeans, then pushes at Castiel’s stupidly tough thighs, framing his crotch with spread palms, and he doesn’t allow himself time to (over)think.
“Me?” Dean asks incredulously, turning to better face Castiel, “Really?”
He may be.
"Hmm," Castiel hums thoughtfully, his eyes roaming out and upward through the windshield, "Well, I am sorry to have spoiled your evening and gift, Dean."
“ - wait - as in -”
“Cas… I lo -”
Dean hears boots scuff the floor, but doesn’t turn around.
“What? What’s going on, Cas?”
,” he confides.
“Because you cared,
Dean’s future self looks sincerely bewildered for a moment, and then enraged.
The more comfortable Sam and Eileen get in their half-retirement, the more they try setting Dean up with nice women who smile warmly at him even when he's not looking, and swoon when he winks at them. Sam has evident trouble understanding why none of them stick.
, Dean.”
, and I’m
words, but then Castiel shoves him away, and he hits the floor beneath the portal.
“Deep breaths, Cas, deep breaths -”
"Oh my God, fine, but you look like a dork."
He looks delectable.
“Cas!?” Sam shouts over the winds, which are harsh enough that he puts his forearm up to his face to keep it from hurting his squinting eyes, “What’s happening!?”
Dean can tell that from the brief moment he stares into Cas' eyes that Cas has no idea what's happening or why, and he thinks to himself that, that's fair.
“You cannot know that. He is quick to anger, particularly when faced with something unfamiliar. He has started bar fights for less.”
“Crawling with Croates, yeah - you sayin’ my plan is ‘reckless?’”
"What is this?"
... on
“Sam?” Dean asks, as if he’s got any doubt about who his future self is referring to, “I thought he was dead.”
A few beats of silence pass, and Dean’s future self seems to surrender.
He looks into Castiel’s eyes, and lets Castiel stare like he always does; there’s something gravitational about Castiel’s eyes, something stronger than any force of nature Dean knows. Something foolish to try and fight.
"Call her, Dean."
Taking a long stride toward him, Sam goes to reach out to Castiel, but Castiel steps back and away from him, gripping at his backwards tie compulsively, the shadow of enormous wings dancing with the shadows in the grass.
He's recovering his footing from a fatal blow to his neck by her razor-like tongue, and his ash-covered hands, searching for purchase, smear soot across the surface of her lower half, and the top half of her torso crumples down to the ground, unable to rejoin the bottom half of her body, seemingly because of the ash there.
His breath stutters when Cas rolls his hips against him, and he pulls away only for the pleasure of looking into Cas' blown, hungry eyes with very, very clear intentions.
“That’s not fair,” escapes his constricted throat, “That’s fucked, Cas. How the Hell am I supposed to say ‘no,’ to that?”
“Ah, that’s just ‘cause I’m a great lead,” Dean teases playfully.
“We need to leave,” is the clipped answer he receives as his arm is taken in a tight hold.
mastered sarcasm and is just unwilling to admit it to anyone so he can keep masking sly digs with plausible deniability, “I want to help you, Cas. Just talk to me.”
"When you're ready, obviously, just..."
The room is quiet, and he knows Sam is standing in the threshold that separates the living room from the kitchen, staring at the back of his head.
In tandem, Cas and Dean stand up and while Dean has no idea what he’s supposed to say in way of explanation, he watches Cas steady himself and answer for them, “nothing, Dean.”
to give it to you,' 'take from me, so I have plausible deniability.'
“We aren’t in the business of keeping secrets from one another. Are we, Dean?”
"That's when the Empty took him."
There is a good chance that Castiel can hear Dean’s heart slamming away in the silence of the car, but Dean can't really tell over the buzz of panicked white noise in his head.
"All that, huh?" there's a smile in her voice.
Castiel's pace gets frantic, pumping his cock deep into Dean's mouth, rocking into him and Dean groans around him, his own cock still fully at attention in way that might permanently alter how his jeans fit.
Unconsciously, Dean wets his lips, and replies roughly, “yeah. It’s, uh - look, though, I don’t… I don’t kiss guys -”
His expression doesn’t seem frightened, though, when he pulls away.
“Dean has no memory of how harrowing the expulsion from Hell was, but I remember it, and I want to tell you," Castiel begins, evidently pleased that Sam's facial expression seems to acknowledge how significant this sharing is.
Once Castiel appears suitably confounded again, Dean answers him, “and I’m not in sex work because I sell my body other ways. Namely, hunting.”
“Really?”
Maybe it's a New Moon, because all Dean sees are stars in the sky.
Dean thinks he may be swaying - he’s
She doesn't scrutinize him for not looking at the cassette, or song list, and she even seems to empathize with Dean's desire to expedite the entire memorial service. Still, with big, glassy eyes, she stares at him, searching his face for something with a concentrated frown.
, Dean wants to say,
Sam and Dean are both flabbergasted when they arrive and find trouble parking.
He avoided a world full of Croates, but somehow, he’s right back at the end of the world, where Castiel is dying, alone in himself, and Dean’s angry at him for it.
“It makes me feel… oh, Dean - words do not exist,” Cas professes, “Even if it’s a lie.”
It was a
Dean, weak at the knees, lips criminally swollen, face flushed, hair mussed and harder than he’s ever been in his life, turns slowly to scowl at Sam.
There’s a long silence, and by the sad way Cas is staring at him, and the way his future self’s hackles are raised, he realizes what they mean -
>>><<<<
Dean thought that after the events of the past week, it was probably no surprise that Castiel had started a heat from the pure adrenaline.
Dean only blinked, his expression unreadable – but he was definitely
Over two hours later, Castiel finally could roll down on the bed. He shuddered at the thought of how many people he detested might have been in his house tonight. Somehow that unsettled him deeply – and he wanted to cleanse the air itself.  But when Dean joined him in bed, lying down already quite a bit closer than during their first nights, he managed to blur out all unwelcome thoughts and concentrated on the alpha’s calming scent.
The alpha turned around and snarled in the direction of Zachariah’s head again.
The bear looked at Castiel then back at the man who was running away from them. The unknown alpha had managed to put some distance between him and the beast already, but Castiel was convinced that Dean could easily catch him in a few quick moves. He had never seen one in the flesh before, but Castiel had heard that bears could be surprisingly fast for something so bulky. Dean let out a low snarl, seemingly ready to pounce. But then Castiel looked at the dead man on the ground. And he remembered when Dean had told him he did not enjoy killing. The memory felt like a warm flame in Castiel’s chest.
Castiel slowly turned himself on his back and stretched. He let out a harsh hiss when he felt a sudden sting of pain in his lower back.
“You think… ahem… you think you could Change? You know, fly to Loki on your own.”
It was only after they had finished that Castiel dared to ask again: “So? Do you have any news?”
After Dean had brought up marriage that night, neither man talked about that subject for days. It was not like they had changed their minds, but they did not want to risk any arguments. Rogers had called Dean to the precinct twice since then, and while Alastair’s return into their life – figuratively speaking – had deflected them from worrying too much about the investigation, they were now reminded that the obsessive omega was probably the least of their problems. Maybe Rogers´ quiet behaviour during the last week had only been the calm before the storm.
In the end, Dean helped him by pulling his pants down himself.
Dean closed his eyes and tried to figure out when exactly he had known he met his Mate. The moment Castiel came in, Dean had noticed he was still limping and had a faded bruise on his cheek, and Dean had been surprisingly mad about it, considering he did not know the man and had met wolves in worse condition before. Dean knew that most Alphas were some kind of dicks – he would not call himself gentle even on a good day – but since they did not concern
The two men spent some more time with lazy touches and slow kisses, when suddenly the ring of the doorbell made them jump. Dean looked a bit off guard so Castiel assumed the alpha did not expect any visitors.
“Well, of course not, because, as a good omega, you will call
Of course, after he had been gone for weeks, Dean would not have a well-stocked fridge right now. One look told Castiel there was only beer and left-over peperoni. He took the opportunity to look around the apartment and decided he liked the place. It was an old building, but well kept. The furniture was a bit cluttered, but it fit together nicely, giving the space a cosy atmosphere. Unsurprisingly, Dean was not much for decorations or houseplants, but the old wood and the high ceilings and tall windows were pretty decorative in itself. Then there was the smell of the place. Even though the alpha hadn’t been here for weeks, his scent was everywhere, and it made Castiel purr in contentment.
Anna’s gaze flickered to Castiel, who nodded encouragingly, until she seemed to decide to follow his lead. She bowed her head respectfully to Dean, Balthazar following suit in a deeper bow, and the alpha announced in a breathless voice: “It is an honour to meet you, Alpha. I apologise for the circumstance of our meeting. I hope we can clear any misunderstandings.”
Castiel nodded. He did want nothing more than to get this over with, but Meg was right – if only because he would feel more confident if he could hold this conversation clean and --- well, in a more dignified outfit than his torn and dirty tunic. And the thought of a bath – a real bath with warm water and bubbles – was hard to deny after weeks in a rebel camp and then on the road. He had learned to appreciate narrow riverbeds and lakes, but he would not mind something that did not have fish and algae in it for a change.
“Wait… but you said we would talk about your cold shoulder for the last couple of days. What has that to do with anything?”
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to pick his next words wisely.
“Oh no, this can wait.” Alastair still smiled – Castiel thought he was looking way too happy at the prospect of wiping this big house. “I am glad for a short break with cake and nice company.”
The next half hour, Castiel tried to keep a neutral face while Naomi lectured him about Little Heaven. It was not that different from what Rowena had told him last week, though the omega in front of him seemed to be a lot more passionate about it. For Naomi, this was not merely a case, but the way of life. Maybe he should introduce the two women and they could compare notes. Castiel enjoyed the thought of how Rowena would talk down to Naomi, sounding like she had lived here all her life instead of the omega. He was convinced she could pull that off with a perfectly condescending expression.
Castiel scoffed.
“I imagine you did not find her either? Or heard what happened?”
Castiel could only stare at Dean; until, slowly, something clicked in his brain.
This time, Dean’s smile seemed real and there was honest amusement glinting in the alpha’s eyes. But Castiel did not give him a moment to comment further as he rushed upstairs to get changed.
“Gabriel! Enough.” It was Anna, surprising both Castiel and Dean with her firm tone. “It is not like you didn’t scent it the moment you got close to Castiel. Don’t try to distract us now. Back to your story.”
Benny had left his chair and walked towards them. He seemed to notice Castiel’s surprise and whispered: “Gordon arrived just a few moments ago. We thought we would show them that we have them both in custody. Let them guess what the other one has told us already. Increase the pressure on them.”
Sam let out an amused chuckle. “Maybe you can even make my brother stop acting like a complete jerk half of the time.”
“It might be true. Like I said, I had been the only one in the pack that had treated him gently – most others assumed that
They were on their way for over three hours already, when Castiel suddenly stopped, his eyes wide.
Dean mumbled under his breath: “I guess Crowley will be very happy to know how diligent Rogers is working on other leads.”
anyways,” Ms Mills muttered under her breath – and Castiel almost smiled. He knew that his Captain had a strong aversion to gender discrimination. It was a huge part why Castiel felt so at ease in this building, in a profession that was outnumbered with alphas and betas. “But the only thing the investigators seemed to agree with is that the offenders
“Dean truly does not act like he expects me to submit or mindlessly obey him. He says he wants me to have a life of my own. And I did just invite you here without asking him for permission. I mean, how many alphas do we know who would be okay with that? He even lets me go back to work, once I have settled in.
Next thing, Dean had thrown Castiel over his shoulder and was stalking up the stairs. The omega was unceremoniously thrown on the mattress, the caveman right on top of him. The alpha made quick work of both men’s clothes and started to kiss and stroke along Castiel’s body. But he always moved back to the omega’s neck, nibbling lightly and rumbling possessively. Had Castiel known the alpha would get so excited at the prospect of marking him – he was sure he would have begged him to do so from the beginning.
