Sorry to hear about your holiday, hope everything’s alright. There’s nothing really to do until next week, and I’m sure you’ve already read all the papers I sent you before break. Maybe go into the lab sometime on Sunday and wake up the T453Ls, they’re in the -80. Other than that, enjoy your time before classes begin again.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock bit, struggling to sit up “Three of them – caught me while my guard was down. – Two restrained me – other one ‘taught me a lesson.’ I got a few hits in – I think I scratched one of them, but then they knocked me down. – Started focusing more on protecting myself than fighting back.” He finished with a gasp, even talking hurt; his jaw, his chest, the pain was everywhere.
“So what if you’re an arsehole? That’s not an excuse for beating you to a bloody pulp!” Did Sherlock actually think he deserved being jumped? John was absolutely flabbergasted. “And thank god you’re going to be ok, but do you have any idea how easily you might not have been? For god’s sake they broke your ribs!”
Anywhoo, lovely comments and/or corrections may or may not inspire me to change what I do in the next chapter, who knows. But don't you think it's worth a shot?
“Thank you for today.” He said leaning in close, his movements sleepy and uncoordinated, his voice only barely more than a mumbled whisper.
“Hey, you’re not the only one here in a good relationship, you know!” Molly said, once the laughter subsided.
After fussing over Sherlock some more, Mrs. Hudson retreated back down to her own flat, leaving John alone with Sherlock for the first time in the flat they now shared.
“Just doing my job, but it’s been my pleasure,” Heather said with a smile. “Now, I don’t want you thinking that just because we’re done here, that means your recovery is over.”
“We’ll find him, sweetie.” Mrs. Holmes hummed. “I know what he means to you. Don’t worry, we’ll find him. You’ll get him back. Everything is going to be just fine.” Though there was no way she could know for sure, her soothing words were just what Sherlock needed.
“Nothing, it was nothing. I was just thinking out loud. Word vomit, that’s all.” John replied, turning to look back down the bank, towards Lestrade who was on his phone and some other officers were standing with a handcuffed Simon McCall. He couldn’t risk Sherlock seeing, couldn’t risk Sherlock reading the end of that sentence. “Come on, we should probably see what’s going on with them. See if there’s any sort of hold up.”
“Me too.” John panted. “Touch yourself… I want to see… I want to see you pulling yourself off with me buried deep inside you.”
He could barely make out John’s voice through the haze as he blindly pumped him through his orgasm, only just registering the splash of John’s release against his stomach and chest. It took several long minutes of gentle rocking to ride out the aftershocks, and eventually come down from their mutual highs.
“Not if I had gone ahead as far as I wanted.” Sherlock countered “Our free time wouldn’t have overlapped; our lunches wouldn’t have overlapped. And we probably would have only had two or three overlapping years before I would have gone off to secondary school. Remember, we were the ones who made sure our parents sent us to the same one. We could have very well ended up at different schools. Then there was university! If we hadn’t met by university, then I can’t imagine how we would have met. We were in completely separate cities then, our lives on completely different paths.”
the police, and why he chose John, what John provided. John gave the Voice nothing, every question was met with either silence, or defiance. For every question that went unanswered and every time John talked back, John was hit. He was punched, he was kicked, his limbs were restrained and twisted, but still he gave them nothing. John knew they wouldn’t stop, the Voice was enjoying it too much. Cuts and bruises could heal, but there was no going back from betraying Sherlock, and that’s something John could never do.
“An enemy. In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he’d probably say I’m is arch-enemy. He does so love to be dramatic.”
They kissed, and kissed, and kissed. They kissed until John’s lungs burned for oxygen, and his lips began to tingle. And even then, their parting was reluctant, their mouths still close enough that John could feel Sherlock’s breath ghosting over his lips as they both gasped for air.
“We are, and I am.” John said, and with his free hand cupped the back of Sherlock’s head, kissing him slowly and more soundly than before. “I am totally and completely, one hundred percent yours. I’d say I’m one hundred and fifty or two hundred percent, but I know how you feel about mathematical impossibilities.”
Thursday afternoon, John arrives at the café a half hour early to see Sherlock already sitting there waiting, knees bouncing, head looking around. As always, Sherlock is impeccably dress, but Mycroft was right, he doesn't look to be in a good way. He looks even thinner than before, his clothes looking two sizes too large, his already pale skin taking on an almost translucent quality. Without realizing it John feels an involuntary pang of concern, some habits are hard to break.
“And you think you’ll notice something I haven’t?” Sherlock scoffed. He knew he shouldn’t be so rude, but honestly.
They talked, they sat in silence, they argued when John insisted they stop for lunch and to ‘stretch their legs’. John even pestered Sherlock to tell him all the deductions he’d held back when meeting the rest of the team. Sherlock was pretty sure he’d never heard anything as wonderful as John dissolving into a fit of giggles when Sherlock told him that Vikram Hangal was also a member of a barbershop quartet named ‘The Chord of the Rings.' If he thought watching John play the day before was worth all the effort of getting there, it was nothing compared to the drive back. Sherlock would gladly endure thirty conversations with Mycroft, or be surrounded by his peers everyday for a year, to experience even ten minutes of the drive with John.
He pulls his hand back and captures Sherlock’s mouth in a sloppy, wet kiss, heavy with need. As he works at snogging Sherlock senseless, his hands trail slowly down the detective’s body until they reach the ties of his dressing gown. He pauses briefly, pulling back slightly to look at Sherlock. He gives a sharp nod and sighs as John continues, helping him to sit up somewhat to get the dressing gown off.
Despite the fact that John is fairly steady on his feet, Sherlock wraps one arm around John’s middle, placing the other on his waist to steady him. They start to make their way to the stairs when Sherlock pauses.
John dropped his head into his hands, squeezing his eyes shut in a futile attempt to block out the din of the guests. He was incredibly grateful to Mike Stamford for letting John stay with him for the past week so he didn’t have to face the empty loneliness of two-twenty one Baker Street, but right now, he wished he could be anywhere but here.
“What about the river? The bath?” John asks. “Martin McDonald? Did you tell him to pull me into the Thames? Pay him to do it?”
with an address written underneath. Along with the message was an attached image of the preliminary medical examiner’s report. A description of the body:
The detective sat up, and John felt surprisingly cold with the absence of Sherlock no longer pressed against him. He easily took the newspaper from John’s hands, leaning across him to set it down on the side table.
He forgets how bone-chillingly cold he is and suddenly, he feels all too warm in their tiny bathroom with the steam curling around them in elegant tendrils and with Sherlock standing so close and looking at him like
But not this. Never this. Sherlock hated it. He hated it. They should be at home, not here in this stupid gallery, cold and alone with the sound of the gun firing still echoing in his ears as Sherlock tried to count. “Twenty-eight... twenty-nine... thirty... Come on John, please breathe for me,” he begged.
Their eyes met and they both burst into a wild fit of genuine laughter. John decided he quite liked seeing this side of Sherlock—the side with no walls up, leaving him completely bare, exposed—for John to see all of him. See what was under the mask of genius. What he saw there almost made him think Sherlock was human. Almost.
again. Like before. Before everything went to hell and their lives of running through dark alleys and catching criminals were swept away, leaving nothing but dust and ashes of something that once was in their wake.
Sherlock slipped his hand into John’s in acquiesce and the doctor pulled him up off the ground. Sherlock allowed himself to be led up the stairs to two twenty-one B—which had suddenly appeared, slicing through the brilliant light—resolutely following behind John.
Sherlock flopped into his chair and stared down John’s empty chair. He got up and hit it. Kicked it. Punched it until his knuckles bled. He pushed it over with a loud thunk.
He went back to work tucking himself under the covers until he seemed to be satisfied with how they were arranged and John found himself having to suppress a smile at the sight. Sherlock cast a glance in John’s direction—if John didn’t know better, he would’ve said it was a nervous look—as he lowered himself down until his head came to rest on the pillow.
He set his notebook and phone down on the small table beside the couch before dropping himself onto the sofa beside John, the sides of his robe puffing out to lie dramatically around him. Sherlock leaned forward until his long arms had enveloped John. Sherlock was stiff and the harsh angles of his body poked into John where their bodies met. John hesitantly allowed his arms to encircle Sherlock’s lithe frame. He took a deep breath in an attempt to calm his pounding heart and was rewarded with the homey scent of pure
and then back to John with an expression of pure bewilderment, seemingly putting two and two together. He was a detective, after all. Despite his shortcomings during particularly vexing homicide investigations, the man wasn’t blind. Lestrade gave his head a slight shake and wandered off to find Donovan.
John studied Sherlock: extremely pale skin, heartbeat still elevated and sporadic, running an impressive fever, dark bags under his eyes despite the fact that he’d been sleeping for nearly twenty-four hours straight, unresponsive to any of the drugs the hospital been administering.
“Oh, he would’ve loved those, dear. You did a good thing for that man.” She gave him a consoling pat on the shoulder. “You can call me Mrs. Hudson, by the way.”
a question. He checked his phone for what must have been the millionth time in the last five minutes. Reread the message.
“It’s cold out,” John explained. “The flat is drafty. We might as well stay warm. Consider it the next part of the experiment.”
He wasn’t sure how long he continued on like that until he heard the sirens. The doors burst open and Lestrade bustled in, followed by a small army of officers. The rest was a blur. They tried to take him away from John and he wouldn’t let them. He thrashed and kicked and screamed and clutched John’s hand and then Lestrade was holding him and speaking to him. Sherlock wasn’t sure what he’d said, but he reluctantly followed the man, just a few steps away from John and the paramedics begin their work.
Sherlock forced himself to take a deep breath and dove into his mind palace, wildly searching for an answer. Cpr. Yes. He could do that. Another deep breath. He blinked away a fresh set of tears and laced his fingers together against John’s chest and began, counting as he went, his voice echoing through the gallery.
John finds this rather odd, but considering the amount of sleep—or lack thereof—that the detective normally gets, he decides to resign himself to the situation and settle in for the night on the couch. With his flatmate. At least, this is the reason he tells himself for doing so.
Despite the chorus of protests from his lungs, John took off after the two of them, determined not to let Sherlock out of his sight again. John was hit with an unwelcome blast of ice-cold air as he rounded a corner in pursuit of Sherlock and their suspect.
John had nearly reached the end of the chapter when he heard Sherlock start to mumble again. Sherlock’s alarmingly pale skin now had a soft sheen of sweat across it and John briefly set the book aside to check his temperature—it was alarmingly high.
John blinks as a shadow envelopes him and looks up to find six feet of consulting detective looming over his chair.
Richard let out a pitiful, wounded howl as he desperately clutched at his arm. In a flash, he was running again—albeit it quite slower this time—Sherlock hot on his heels.
—he sat down in his chair. He searched through his mind palace before finding exactly what he was looking for, carefully catalogued into the recesses of his mind: John, sitting across from him in his chair pretending to ignore Sherlock and read the newspaper. But he was actually listening intently as Sherlock described the best ways one could be murdered using only a toothbrush, occasionally sneaking glances at Sherlock over the top of his paper when he thought he wasn’t being watched. But Sherlock had been watching. He’d noticed—of
“What is it that we’re looking for, exactly?” John asked, turning around just in time to see Sherlock staring down an orange left behind on the counter before shaking his head and moving on.
“Sorry,” John shrugged and tugged at the hem of the sweatshirt until it popped the remainder of the way down Sherlock’s head.
When he brought himself to look up again, his face reddened as he saw Sherlock’s trousers fly in the opposite direction his shirt had gone. John gulped audibly as Sherlock began to remove his undershirt.
“Sherlock,” he managed to choke out as he stumbled towards the figure in the doorway. He collided into Sherlock, the force of his small body throwing them both backwards against the doorframe. In an instant, John had his arms wrapped around Sherlock so tightly he nearly risked smothering him.
The cardiac monitor began beeping in a desultory pattern of warning. A nurse rushed into the room and began to take Sherlock’s vitals.
“Then come on, John. Say yes. We’ll go on a weekend. Mrs. Hudson can take Rosie. We can even choose a boringly safe one. Like this one,” Sherlock waved a file wildly in the general direction of John’s chair. “Look! Art theft. Can’t be too dangerous, right? A new painting disappears every night from the gallery, and only a child’s drawing is left in its place. No trace of DNA. Nothing on the security cameras. No witnesses. The perfect crime. I’ve already figured out when their next theft will likely take place.”
Sherlock shivered, averting his gaze from John’s as he nodded his head in a jerking motion that was far too quick to be considered anything remotely near normality.
Sherlock takes the cue and wastes no time in hiking the sheet up to a positively indecent height on his thighs and swinging a leg over John, climbing into his lap. He presses up against John, letting the sheet fall open slightly at the top and John can’t stop the gasp that escapes his lips as their bare chests touch.
He dreamt. Bits of his memory came back to him in fragments—only mere shards of the events leading up to his unfortunate hospital visit. The first thing he remembered was John—their first meeting.
Sherlock’s lungs were burning as he ran, his coat whipping out behind him and the thrill of the chase pumping through his veins because
Sherlock could barely prevent himself from arching his back and pressing his arse into John’s hands (
Because whatever else this offering of John’s might mean, perhaps it’s evidence sufficient to suggest that John might also be willing to…
but when he opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, Sherlock pulled back ever so slightly, maintaining that fierce focus, but holding them steady, not allowing John to drive them towards the edge.
“True, and that method is much more efficient. But you’re always wanting me to improve on my interpersonal skills.”
. John thought that Sherlock might leave, but John himself came here and planned to stay. In spite of Sherlock’s possible anger, in spite of his own instinct to hide, his own drive to flee. Whatever else John wants, John was...John
started, John. Which means I decide how fast we go. For now, I just want you to lie there. Get used to the position. Feel out the slack, feel how you can move, and how you can’t. Are you warm enough?”
. He knew that he could stroke her now, breast and belly, up into her hair, but that he should wait a bit before he felt between her legs. He knew that he should kiss her neck and her face, and that the breathy sounds she was making were...good.
Sherlock could not even begin to explain why. It was an assumption he had not questioned, not even for a moment. “Because. Because you. Because we…”
“I love you.” Blurted, unpolished, harsh, raw. But it is the truth, and Sherlock meets John’s eye without wavering and says it again. “I love you.” (He understands John’s defiance now.)
“Are you sure?” They have talked about this for days, researched and read and negotiated. Sherlock knows what she will say.
It is remarkably like his vision. The slow rise of his hands to his top button, the methodical unfastening at each discrete point, top to bottom, right wrist, left wrist. The slide of fabric on skin.
They stepped apart, briefly, and held each other’s eye, mouths parted and chests heaving. By some unspoken agreement, their hands move to the waists of their own trousers. John fumbled with the buckle of his belt—his hands weren’t working well, and he did not want to look away from Sherlock’s face, so he worked by feel.
Impossibly, John keeps talking, even in the absence of oxygen. “Obviously you knew, you always know, you don’t have to lie and say you didn’t know. I guess you thought it was a kindness, not saying anything about it. I guess it was.” Here John gives a harsh laugh. “Anyway, I know you don’t want me to say it either, I know you hate this, but. I can’t even be bothered to be sorry. I’ve lost everything.” John gives a sniff. This is the longest Sherlock has ever heard him speak. “That’s it, Sherlock. I have absolutely nothing left to lose so I’m saying it out loud. Even though you already know. I am in love with you.” He closes his mouth grimly and falls silent.
He could not stay focused. His thoughts kept reading like an instruction manual (touch here, press there) or a lukewarm adjectival play-by-play (this is
Sherlock gave him more, only a little, moving so slowly, clamping down hard on his own impatience (as well as his own trepidation). He wanted to do this right.
Sherlock drew away and looked down at John, and his face was flushed and wild. “I’ve wanted...John. This is.” He stroked his thumbs over John’s face, ghosting them over his mouth. Placed a kiss there. “It feels like it can’t be real.”
(This John, though, does not let the shirt pool on the floor, but folds it and lays it on the seat of the breakfast chair.
Sherlock regards John across the small stretch of carpet. If he even considers that question in the confines of his own mind, he will be utterly defeated. Instead he concentrates on maintaining a calm, clear gaze, and silence.
“John.” And now Sherlock did focus his eyes on the smaller man, and once he did, he could not look away. John. Small, fierce, indomitable, magnificent.
Sherlock was slippery and swollen, from two gentle fingers on her nipple, rolling, and as if that were not enough, she then spread her thighs wide and rocked so that her slick clit glided over John’s pressing fingers, glided and
John growled, and brought his face in close to Sherlock’s. It was completely unprecedented and unexpected and also wholly, wholly unmistakable.
Sherlock has had the air sucked out of his lungs, and is relearning how to breathe, beat by agonised beat. All from this small piece of intelligence that John believes he already knew.
“Agency, again. If our self-perception is different from how our creators see us, their view trumps ours.”
This kind of conflict was unacceptable. He needed to be able to follow where John led, or to say, rationally, when he did not wish to. John responded well to facts, to tangibles, to the
Because women writing sex for (mainly) other women is an act of resistance, and women writing women having sex with other women, for other women, is an even stronger act of resistance. Men reading this to participate in and support that resistance, welcome.
. At the heart of the embrace, their bodies, their chests met, skin to skin, and John was lost, again, because the
His mouth makes a brisk pop before he speaks. “Is that it?” He makes an expansive, inquiring gesture with his hands.
He freezes. His eyes go wide in shock - this can’t, this isn’t even one of the possibilities, it is not merely improbable, but there it is, and he has spent so much time deducing John from how thoroughly he is shod that there can be no question, now, what this could mean, and no suppressing the deductions, which slam into his solar plexus and force his eyes to go wide with shock.
“Oh, John, no, please, please don’t, I love this, I love you. You were, you were afraid, and you let me anyway. You were.”
Sherlock blinked once, slowly. “When it’s you, yes.” He frowned then, as if waiting for John to explain what he’d got wrong.
Sherlock is waiting for the deductions to fall into place. He knows John is there, and for how long, and he knows there is something -
“Not that you have to say anything.” John fills the silence with his own internal debate. “You didn’t ask for any of this. But I. I had everything all wrong and now…”
“It made sense at the time. To remind me not to, not to…” John’s hands close into fists, his eyes squeeze shut and his head twists to the side before he finishes. “Not to hide.”
Well, he’d known it. When he sighed, though, Sherlock misinterpreted his irritation. “Well?” He gestured with the phone. “If I do it, he’ll know I don’t actually have laryngitis and he’ll make me complete that interview. Tedious. Ring him back and tell him it was the painter. The one who did the mural.”
The other kind of John Watson smile. The nameless feeling in Sherlock’s chest and forehead intensifies, begins to buzz slightly.
“So,” John said, with another little laugh. “He must be the version that always says yes. For all the other Gregs.”
. Not in Sherlock, but in his own voices. Sherlock can only guess at some of the voices John hears as he lays his hands lovingly on another man. John has undertaken—gladly, as Sherlock believes—to live with those voices for the sake of what he shares with Sherlock, but it can’t be easy to ignore them all the time. Sherlock has hoped for some time that their shared pleasure might one day drown them out, and then—
He had to release his fingers, or he’d leave bruises. Instead he let his hands rove, down her arms to her wrists, up her sides to her very full breasts. She allowed it, returning the thrusts of his tongue and humming at his intensity.
As Sherlock moves, the words keep coming. Words like “sweet” and “brave” and “strong” comes out of his mouth in whispers. And they are
“Not a chance.” (The first truthful thing he’d said so far.) He wanted to rip that smile off her face with his canines. Instead he ground his mouth down onto hers, open, harsh lips instead of the teeth he wanted to use, marginally more gentle. With his hands he gripped her shoulders, hard, to stop himself from gripping her throat.
John bent her head and ran her nose up through the hair on one side of Sherlock’s cleft, then the other. The feel of the wet on the end of her nose, oh god, the rich raw
“I…what?” Sure enough, the lad in question has at least half a hand shoved inside the other boy’s shirt, and his legs are locked at the ankles. He looks radiant. They both do. “Oh.”
He shifted, seeking to align their hips, and her thigh brushed firmly against his erection as they moved, sending a current of pleasure through him. He sighed into the kiss and she did it again.
Sherlock shakes herself at that, takes a deep breath, lets it out. “We did, yes. Then here: I love you too.” She smiles then, dazzling, brilliant. “I love you, John. And I think now we really are through with keeping secrets.”
When John drew back again, Sherlock stumbled. John’s hands held him steady, though, moving to the sides of Sherlock’s head as he sucked at Sherlock’s lips—top, bottom, top, bottom, suck, suck,
“I know. Hey. I know. I’m not blaming you. That’s the whole point. But...it was all right, you know? It was...it
A series of permissions had brought them to this point. John always stopped before their lips could meet for the first time. He had reached up and seized Sherlock by the sides of his head and brought their foreheads together, tilting his chin until their lips were almost brushing, and whispered, simply,
Sherlock is angry. For all that John is the one who carries his anger with him always, a daily burden, crouching in every corner disguised as irritation or indignation, placated or viciously kicked back, chained, but never quite absent—for all that John wears his anger like a brand, Sherlock can be angry too, and he is, now.
The other – maybe John? – doesn’t know. He really doesn’t, anymore. Instead, he asks, “Well, why didn’t you?”
Sherlock was silent for a long moment. When he finally spoke, over John’s bent head, his tone was eloquent and his words were staggering.
John decides, and levers himself up from the bed. If he wants a goddamn cuddle, he should bloody well ask for one. Time for Sherlock to earn his boyfriend status, whether it’s a pain in the arse for him or not.
, you said.” He drills the knuckle into the middle of the furled flesh, no lube, presses, presses, then drags again, up and down. John makes a small choked noise.
“I love you.” That is how he starts, the soles of his feet pressed together. “I am in love with you. I came here to tell you once before, when you were dead and couldn’t hear me, and I couldn’t say it. I sat right here, just like this. For hours, and couldn’t say it to an empty chair. The next day was when I moved out.”
“I’ve observed that lying is the primary driver of social harmony, the more egregious the better. So, yes.” He shook the phone impatiently in John’s direction, and this time John gave in. There was never any chance he wasn’t going to.
“Ah, yeah. Now you’re really...What about if—Oh, that works too, doesn’t it? Mmm, good boy. That’s—”
Or, another time, settling down on her belly between Sherlock’s spread thighs, an arm wrapped around each hip, drawing out orgasm after orgasm with her mouth, each one unique, with its own particular...tone. She kept track:
A shiver travels down John’s body, and little wonder, Sherlock never talks like this, but he is angry, aroused and angry, and his filters are gone. He loosens one hand to run a knuckle down the middle of John’s cleft, lets it drag over the ridges of his hole, up and down. Not quite hard enough to hurt, but not gentle.
. “Sherlock. I’m sorry. You can’t know how sorry. But I really need you to leave, and not come back, and...I don’t know, delete me. You’re—”
“Okay, then. Okay. Yes, you’re real. You’re brilliant and extraordinary and infuriating, and you’re kind, and you’re wise. You’re the most generous person I know, the most selfless, I mean, even when you’re being an arse about it—”
He straightens, though, maintaining his circular movement, and Sherlock - eyes still closed - chases, seeking, mouth wide open, whimpering his need. Owning it.
Sherlock has been running Mrs. Hudson’s old portable oil heater in here for hours. The room smells slightly of burnt dust, but the temperature is comfortable, even with John’s skin bare. “Yes.”
John makes an incredulous noise, but bites it off, and stares. He is silent for a long moment. Then, “That was – I was angry then. I had reason to be.” Defensive, now. The defiance is faltering. There is no softening, though.
John's been in control up to now, doling out the pleasure to both of them - on her own terms. It's safer that way. After all, if she falls apart, who can she trust to pick up the pieces?
But Sherlock said, “Oh, John, no.” He met John’s gaze with a mix of affection and incredulity. “I could never have been that person if it hadn’t been for you. You...you taught me to be the man you already thought I was. Wisest and best. Most human. That was all you.”
him to give permission, Sherlock always, always did, even if he had to gasp it out between moans, between cries, between his own ragged breaths.
Which he did. Luckily his bank account was in significantly better shape after the Adventure of the Blind Banker—even with the strong British Pound, adventure tourism could take its toll on the pocketbook. John was trying not to mind. He could afford it, but he had to keep reminding himself of that fact.
quasi-experiences including but not limited to those resembling some of the more powerful human emotions, such as grief or anger—”
enthusiasm would make up for it. Sarah was a nice woman who wanted to have sex with John, and John was pleased about it. He was.
in some way (too clever, too eager, too odd, too passionate) and gave up trying long ago. Instead, as an adult, he has tended either to ignore or to exploit people’s arbitrary social boundaries, to his own ends. He has no qualms here whatsoever.
” Her mouth, sweet, soft on his. A broad swipe of tongue—wet—that should have been messy, should have put him off, but was actually just the right side of filthy. “
How to ask? “Is this…?” He presses his lips together, winces at his own ineptitude. “Is this forgiveness?”
John’s spit-soaked fingers continued to hover where they were, slipping over the tight curl of flesh, circling, pressing. His mouth steadied around Sherlock’s erection, sliding back in long, slow pulls, and then sinking deep again. John did look, and he certainly saw, but he did not stop. His eyes, sharp and intent, did not leave Sherlock’s face.
, the expression on his face. The little mouth, turned down at the corners, tight, thin, lips pressed together. The brows drawn low, in what would be a frown, but for the eyes, so wide, so shocked
The spell breaks quietly, gradually. John stirs, that is all. Sherlock can feel the difference in his body, from before, when he was frozen, to now, when he is merely still. But then he does move, he moves one arm, and in another moment his hand settles.
The scene filled Sherlock’s eyes as he gazed unseeing at John’s watchful face. There it was, the vicious wrench of clothes and the wet smack of bodies on bricks. The ugly taunts, the spurting blood, John’s rage
, but John took his time all over again, kissing, stroking, pressing skin onto skin. His hands were no longer pumping or thrusting, but cradling and caressing, and where Sherlock’s desire had been a torrent before, to overwhelm him and drag him under, it now lapped at him in tiny, gentle waves that rose within him almost unnoticed, buoying him up and bearing him away as on a calm, warm sea.
God, the desire was set to drive him mad, the want that took up the whole of his consciousness so that it was all he could do to keep his face bland and carry out the simplest of his everyday tasks and routines amid the ringing clamour of
vibrates now beneath their affection, seems to shimmer and grow. They share a long look across the carpet, and while Sherlock still can’t name what it’s laden with, it feels...right.
“So…” Sherlock was reasonably certain he understood, but John was being forthcoming, was completing sentences, was completing sentences
There was a way for it to happen without them, for them to opt out. They didn't usually bother, but it was possible. Even
Even now, a week before the wedding, Harry had tried again to work on him, to talk him out of it. At their behest.
John had a box for that. A whole warehouse. He was a soldier and a surgeon and he knew his place; he would never have presumed to name it a palace. It was just a pile of dusty crates, firmly nailed shut. What was one more?
After a pause that was not quite too long to be natural, Sherlock, still not looking up, spoke. “Well? What is it?”
but she couldn’t think about that, because Sherlock was moaning deeply around her clitoris and pressing
They are staring at each other across a small stretch of carpet that has suddenly grown to the width and depth of a chasm.
like this. A larger part of him was thankful to have the solid support of the door at his back, because having Sherlock breathing in the scent of him and looking at him like, like—like
And then Sherlock wrapped her plump lips around John’s whole fat, wet clitoris, and pressed with her fingers and
and then sure hands settled on her hips, warm and steady, stroking up and down her sides, in the soft curve of her lower back, and she heard a velvety voice.
John’s mental triage - which point to pursue first? - takes him a moment. “Hang on,” he says. He’s rather inclined to view their antics benignly, and resents Sherlock for begrudging them their fun. “First of all, you don’t know anything about them, or their attitudes, and you can’t tell me you’ve deduced them just because they’re making too much noise in the park.”
John. Has always known him. Not the John he saw when he first walked in today, closed and unseeable, nothing to do with laces or deductions.
In another moment, John’s wide eyes went dark and dangerous again, and Sherlock was glad, because feelings were all well and good but John Watson with his cock up Sherlock’s arse should not be entirely safe.
“Jesus, Sherlock, don’t - ” But Sherlock cuts him off with a sharp grunt. He wants this - and he is taking what he wants. He has had John’s prick in his mouth before, but not quite like this. Not, as now, glowing with desire, and making no apologies.
There was silence, then, settling over them, filling the space between them. Sherlock had no immediate reply, but he stood there and searched John’s face. John forced himself, with difficulty, to return his gaze; perhaps that way he would read the sincerity of John’s plea.
Sherlock doesn’t. His hovering hand comes to rest - lightly - over John’s. “Is this what you meant by
When they came back together, it was with just as much deeply felt emotion, but overlaid now with pure desire. There was no shyness, nothing tentative, no sense that this was new, unknown, to be treated with caution. No, his mouth
John does, spine still stiff. When Sherlock lets his left hand settle onto his shoulder, John twitches. It is not quite a flinch, but it is close enough. The last of Sherlock’s anger dissolves into pure compassion. He rests his head beside his hand.
“Oh, no.” John held up a warning finger. “No, Sherlock. No. I don’t know what you think you’ve figured out—”
There is no distance at all between them now. Perhaps there never really was, perhaps it was imagined, all this time.
.” John releases Sherlock’s hands and turns away, falls upon his elbows and thrusts his hips back and up towards Sherlock, whose eyes narrow. John, face in the mattress, doesn’t see. He finishes: “And I am going to
John’s movements were slow, pressing all the way in before drawing all the way—almost all the way—back. Slow, and gentle, but firm, and purposeful. John, but increased. He grew taller. He
He poured the liquid carefully, as instructed. He was beginning to suspect that Sherlock was doing this on purpose.
Physical boundaries, though, and the limits people set on how their bodies should be touched, these are a different story. For reasons of his own, Sherlock long ago determined that it is better to avoid all physical contact rather than risk inadvertently bestowing a touch that might turn out to be unwanted.
. You said it yourself. There’s no pain if there’s no one feeling it. You feel it, therefore you must be…Oh, this is
John caught Sherlock’s eye just as Sherlock was wondering what John must think of Sherlock, who has always offered himself so freely, and that was when John rose abruptly.
Sherlock gives a slow nod. He cannot take his eyes off John. When John does meet his gaze, he can feel his body trembling.
“No,” John said, his voice nearly a whimper. “Please. Please don’t go,” John gasped as he clutched at the fabric of Sherlock’s coat in desperation.
and steepled his fingers against his chin in thought. A far away look that meant he was currently traipsing through his mind palace entered his eyes, which John took advantage of and stared for a moment longer, taking in the brilliant sight before him. Sherlock’s hair was almost perfectly groomed into place despite the fact that he’d just recently woken up. His pale skin shone in the dim morning light and the sun shining through the windows made his eyes glint like he’d just discovered the world’s greatest treasure. His brow furrowed slightly, causing the most delightful of wrinkles to form across the width of his forehead. He drew in a deep, solemn breath that John instantly recognized as his ‘thinking’ breathing. Sherlock’s eyes darted blindly around the room as he processed whatever information he was currently sorting through in that beautiful mind of his.
Sherlock’s responding groan sounded more dinosaur than Sherlock Holmes in nature. John decided it would probably be best not to press the issue.
“Fineee,” Sherlock said with an overly dramatic sigh as he let himself be hauled back up onto the seat.
Sherlock took a deep breath and despite his trembling hands, managed to type in the letters ‘MH.’ The timer stopped with twenty-six seconds left.
Sherlock stares blankly at him for a moment before his brain seemingly reboots and he gives a small nod. “Thank you, John.”
John supposes this should scare him a bit—it is a tad too protective, after all—but instead it ignites something deep in his belly, causing him to tip forwards and capture Sherlock’s lips with his with a sense of renewed fervor.
John let his hands wander down to brush against Sherlock’s lean stomach, across his ribs, his hips, and lower–
Less than a week later, John found himself hauling cardboard boxes filled with his few belongings up the stairs of two twenty-one B Baker Street.
The silence only lasted for a moment, though as the crease in his brow returned as it so often did when he was thinking. “And this upset you?” Sherlock asked, his question directed at John this time.
“There’s a bomb. Somewhere in London,” Moriarty explained. “It’s set to go off in–” A pause. “–exactly two hours.”
Sherlock tipped forwards at an agonizingly slow pace until their foreheads were pressed together. They stayed like that for a moment, John too afraid that if he moved, his knees would buckle or even worse, he’d scare Sherlock into retreating to his room and pretending that this whole ordeal had never happened. But it had. And John couldn’t forget that.
John looked out the window for the rest of the drive in an attempt to hide his embarrassingly reddened face from the driver.
“Hmm? Ah, yes. W–wonderful John.” Sherlock uncharacteristically stumbled through his words—perhaps those men had frightened him more than he’d let on.
John glanced at Sherlock, a silent question written across the slight furrow of his brow. Sherlock stared back, unblinking, his piercing silver-blue gaze locked firmly onto John’s, silently willing him to make the correct deduction.
the wheels of his brilliant mind turning. It was quite enjoyable to watch, really. The detective brought his hands to his chin and steepled his fingers there. His brow furrowed slightly and his eyes darted back and forth, presumably as he sifted through his thoughts.
As soon as Sherlock had finished the entire bowl of soup, John returned to the sofa and slipped under the blankets as gently as possible so as not to create any drafts of cool air. To John’s surprise, as soon as he’d settled on the sofa, Sherlock shifted, wrapping the blankets around his shoulders and then clambered into John’s lap, his knees resting on either side of John’s thighs.
John shifted uncomfortably, readjusting his jacket to cover his lap. He noticed Sherlock doing the same thing before he distractedly re-told—more like bragged—the story of how he’d solved the case and much to John’s relief, left out a number of details involving mouths touching and a rather obvious lack of clothing.
They fell asleep clinging to one another, warming each other not just with their bodies, but with the love that filled their hearts full until they were nearly bursting with it.
he pushed all emotion down, locked it securely in the depths of his mind, and threw away the key. Yet Sherlock
“Mind if I read to you?” John asked, seemingly procuring a book from thin air. Through his squinted eyes, he could just make out the fact that it was some sort of crime fiction novel.
“Sherlock,” John says, struggling to keep his voice even. “It’s bloody three in the morning,” he all but seethes.
“He looks like you, Sherlock,” John whispered in a voice so small and quiet, Sherlock barely even recognized it.
Mycroft sneered at it for a moment before seeming to force himself to take it and give a quick shake, retracting his hand back to the safety of his side as quickly as possible.
John lets out a strangled gasp as a hand covers his mouth from behind, another arm wrapping around his waist and pulling him back against a warm, solid body. A tall body. With a rather familiar scent. So not a crazed man high off his arse on drugs wielding a knife, then. John supposes he should consider himself lucky at that.
John thinks that perhaps freezing to death wouldn’t be so bad after all, because he’s certainly going to die from
“Don’t worry,” John assured him with a smile. “I’ll be back to check on you in a few hours. Get some more rest while I’m gone.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he paused for a moment, glancing at John. He opened his mouth, then shut it again before going back to searching through the mini fridge.
Sherlock leaves his hand entwined with John’s, resting on top of John’s thigh and staring resolutely out the opposite window for the remainder of the drive. John supposes he shouldn’t be as content as he is to have his flatmate’s hand in his. He is, after all, decidedly not gay. Yet when he steals a glance at Sherlock with his hair framed in the almost ethereal light coming in through the window, his ridiculous, accentuated cheekbones, his long, pale neck, and–
Sherlock opened his eyes to find the bridge was gone along with the rest of London. Besides a harsh, blinding light, the only thing Sherlock could make out was John standing above him. He squinted into the light surrounding them—it made John look almost ethereal.
Normally, this would be where John’s nightmare took an even darker twist as he screamed and screamed for Sherlock to wake up. Begged and pleaded with him as the pool of blood grew bigger until it reached John’s feet, rising up his legs until he was drowning in it, filling his lungs until he was unable to scream at all.
His memories were blurry, but he could distinctly remember the feel of the drugs as they rippled through his veins up and up and up until they subdued his raging mind, effectively silencing it into submission. Shame washed over him, settling with a sinking feeling into the pit of his stomach as he recalled the clink of the used needle as it slipped from his euphoric fingers and dropped to the floor.
They found a small hallway to hide in where they were able to see the painting the thieves were most likely to target without being seen themselves. They pressed close to one another and waited and waited and waited.
Sherlock nodded, the motion nearly imperceptible in the darkness of John’s bedroom. In a move emboldened by the unassailable cover the darkness provided, John reached out and found Sherlock’s hand under the covers, lacing their fingers together.
under the touch, or maybe it’s John shivering or maybe they’re both trembling. John sucks in a breath before continuing, his hands rasping in the silence of the flat as they slide across Sherlock’s pale skin.
He’d stopped visiting John’s grave, and taken to reading Rosie their adventures from John’s blog. He found he rather enjoyed spending time with her until one day, she was babbling nonsense on and on, then suddenly paused and asked for Daddy.
is so overwhelming, John thinks he might nearly die, no matter how clinically impossible that may be.
“Shh, don’t try to talk. Help is coming. You’re okay.” John could hear the fast approaching sirens. They’d be here any moment now.
John takes much longer than necessary examining Sherlock, even though he knew after the first glance that nothing was likely to be broken. Better safe than sorry, though, he tells himself.
John simply attributes this to the fact that Sherlock has never seemed to grasp the concept of personal space—not that John minds, really.
John dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder, panting into the skin of his neck. If he had to look at the intensity in Sherlock’s piercing eyes any longer, he wasn’t going to last and this would all have a rather embarrassing end—not that it wouldn’t already.
John reached out, wrapping one arm across Sherlock’s shoulders, the other across his chest and pulled him in until his head was resting quite comfortably on the doctor’s shoulder. Sherlock stiffened, and for a moment, John wondered if he’d made a mistake in offering. Then, Sherlock sighed into John’s neck, his breath raising goose bumps across John’s skin and melted into the embrace as though they were two pieces of a puzzle, interconnected in the most intimate of ways.
Once John finishes the tea, Sherlock removes the mug, then returns to the bedroom with his laptop. He settles down next to John, opens his laptop and begins to type away.
” He breathes out those last two words and suddenly everything clicks into place in John’s mind, the missing pieces of the puzzle slotting into place: Sherlock is scared. Of losing
” He screeched, clutching at his face and smearing large streaks of blood across his too-pale cheeks.
Sherlock tilted his head down until his lips brushed tentatively against John’s, just barely grazing them. The contact only lasted for a second or two, but the electric effect it had on John was sure to stick around for a while.
He hauled him onto the shore just as the police arrived—rather pointless, they were. John was shivering something fierce, but after a quick once-over, Sherlock was quite satisfied to find that he hadn’t actually been injured from the fall. He collected his Belstaff from where it had been hastily discarded on the ground and placed it around John’s shoulders before sending him off with the paramedics.
Sherlock licked his lips and tugged at John’s sleeve like an impatient child. “Let’s go home,” he insisted.
“Thank you,” John said, genuinely touched by the small gesture of kindness Sherlock had just displayed. It was rare, to see this side of Sherlock. John had decided some time ago that he quite liked this side of Sherlock. He downed the last of his tea and placed his mug on the floor before sinking deeper into his chair, closing his eyes—he was awfully tired from having to stay awake all night.
He turns and leaves the room before he can change his mind and as he trudges up the stairs to his bedroom, he can hear Sherlock’s bare feet padding up the stairs behind him. Just one night, he reminds himself. Out of necessity. It means nothing. That thought disappoints him far more than it comforts him.
“Sherlock, what are you doing in my bed?” John asked, rolling over to find Sherlock’s face alarmingly—but not unwelcomingly—close to his own.
“Yeah. Pretty damn close,” John said, pausing for a moment before adding, “that’s really quite amazing, you know.”
Once John had somewhat managed to pull himself together, he swiped at his puffy eyes, sore from all the crying he’d done—not just in the last twenty minutes, but in the last week. He reluctantly left Sherlock’s chair, letting his feet take him around the flat, occasionally reaching out to run his fingers along something—a forgotten experiment, an old set of notes Sherlock had made, case files Lestrade had dropped off.
His eyelids soon grew heavy from the mere effort required to keep them open, and he succumbed to the notion of sleep, shutting his eyes and moving his head back to the solid warmth of John’s shoulder.
John flexed the fingers of his left hand, curled them into a fist. Clenched his jaw. Repeated the process. It couldn’t be him, could it? Sherlock was smart. Smart enough to avoid getting murdered. Wasn’t he? He
“Sherlock, I understand Lestrade still needs help with cases, but I’ve got Rosie to think of. And a full time job at the surgery. As much as I want to, I can’t just pop off with you whenever a new case comes up,” John explained.
John took the stairs two at a time and froze as he entered the sitting room. Sherlock was crouched over his chair, the cushion removed to reveal a large, ominous looking black box.
When he slips under the covers next to John, Sherlock ensures he keeps a respectable distance between them again.
There was an answering splash followed by a muffled shout and within twenty seconds, Sherlock had an armful of spluttering John Watson.
“My pleasure.” John shifted the box as he climbed the stairs behind Mrs. Hudson. “This is much more affordable than my old place,” he mused.
He didn’t have time to think about it any further as a loud, metallic clicking noise rang throughout the whole of the freezer.
After what felt like hours, the tea was finally ready. John took a long sip of the piping hot liquid, relishing in the feel of it burning down his throat and into his stomach, warming him slightly from the inside out.
chair—Sherlock’s. The chair he would never sit in again. The chair he would never make wildly inappropriate deductions about John’s life from. John trailed his fingers across the back of the chair as he circled around it, memories of what life was once like—and would never be like again—swirling unbidden through his thoughts. It was the happiest time of his life, really, if he was being honest with himself. Sherlock had saved him in a way—he’d been absolutely lost, trapped living a ghost of a life since coming back from Afghanistan. His world had been dark beyond belief; a colourless, soundless nightmare. And then he’d met the madman and everything had changed. Suddenly he was seeing everything in a plethora of colourful bliss, his world morphed into a glorious symphony of adventure, danger, and Sherlock Holmes.
Once he managed to somewhat regain his composure, John said, “you forgot to set the timer, didn’t you?”
After a moment, Sherlock shifts and presses his lips against John’s neck over and over and over as though he can simply heal John through those kisses alone.
John had saved him, really. Sherlock wasn’t much one for admitting that he needed help, but he had. He was stuck in a bad place—if he wasn’t able to have a case to get his high from, he’d turn to other, considerably more dangerous means. But not with John. John kept him in line, had sat with him for hours, days even, on end when there were no new cases to solve. No people to deduce. When Sherlock normally would have turned to drugs to fill the void, he began to turn to John Watson instead. The latter was arguably better, anyhow. Far more interesting.
he could imagine Sherlock whining. The thought only made him cry harder, spilling more salty tears onto the pillowcase.
When John finally wakes, he finds himself somehow even more entangled with Sherlock. The detective’s long limbs are woven around his own in a delightfully intricate manner and Sherlock’s body is nearly directly on top of John, his head tucked underneath John’s chin and resting against his chest.
“Jawwwnnnn,” Sherlock moaned, rolling across the sofa into John until his face was pressed into John’s shoulder.
The mere thought of it—claiming Sherlock as his own in that sense—makes him grin like a lunatic, the contents of the laptop completely forgotten for a moment.
” John cursed as his foot connected not-so-kindly with the doorframe of the sitting room. John hissed a string of wildly colourful words Mrs. Hudson would have slapped him upside the head for so much as thinking.
“Hm? Oh, nothing,” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave of his hand as though that was quite obviously the answer to John’s question.
Sherlock disappeared as he rounded a corner. In the few steps it took for John to reach the corner, Sherlock was already well out of sight. Movement caught John’s eye and he squinted, peering through a maze of metal. Sure enough, there was Richard Tate—the guilty party in their current investigation—hiding behind a large stack of boxes.
The day was dreary and judging from the monotone grey of the engorged clouds, the steady drizzle of rain wasn’t about to be stopping anytime soon. Both men were quite obviously hesitant to leave the warmth of the flat after the freezer incident, but Lestrade had texted them with a new case.
He could feel Sherlock's gaze drilling into the side of his head. He needed to look up. He had to. In another moment he would. The longer he waited, the more he damned himself, and it was probably, almost definitely, certainly, too late.
outside of the you they wrote. This belief you’ve created, that you...exist, somehow...that’s what is causing you this pain. You don’t exist.”
Right, and also staggering, and also—as they gasped apart at the intense shock of arousal—unspeakably
She responded with a gentle hum and pressed her body against his, and he was so grateful that she’d waited until he was hard to do that, so grateful that his body had finally awoken only seconds before he’d have been caught.
For a moment he thinks John won’t follow him. From the ragged sound of his breathing, Sherlock knows John’s face is pressed into the mattress. He doesn’t look around, but he can feel John’s seething frustration and, through it, his confusion.
“He meant me, Sherlock. Could we not belabour the point? He assumed it would be you and me, for all that the, the
“Roughhousing is one thing. Baritsu is quite another.” John goes abruptly limp and falls out of Sherlock’s hold, hitting the floor in a roll and taking out Sherlock’s long legs with a two-handed yank on his ankles. He goes down hard. “And who says I’m beaten?”
“Hah, no, not all the time. Shit, I don’t know how to say this. I don’t have your fancy made-up words here. I know you’re real because of how much I love you, all right? Because of—”
“I – I have a picture of you.” His face flames. “In my mind. A picture of you.” He hates repeating himself.
“Oh, god.” It was wonderful, and John feels perfect, exactly as she is. Her eyes close, and she murmurs, “Another one like that might kill me.”
. Sherlock’s lips were warm on his, and gentle, for all the frenzy of their lunge across the room, and the clutching grip of his fingers in John's hair. The contrast of it, the feeling of Sherlock’s shoulders drawn up, his arms taut, his whole body propelling itself into this kiss, even his jaw locked and clenched, while his lips were soft, sweet, taking in John’s mouth in a slow, deliberate press-and-taste, savouring. For all the recklessness of this embrace, Sherlock kissed him carefully, as if kissing John...mattered.
John doesn’t speak, his expression hardly flickers. He has met Sherlock’s eyes and heard his words and he
Her shoulders are a little cramped, though, now that she has come back to herself a little. She shifts, and Sherlock shifts with her, nudging little kisses onto the skin of her neck, into her hair. She helps John roll onto her back again, and lifts herself up on her elbow to gaze down at her.
Either option—screw up his courage and do it, or continue to refuse with no explanation—made things problematic, which likely spelled the end of their new-found intimacy. Perhaps their friendship as well.
John open, no lube, no prep. Again, on the razor-fine line between rough and painful. “You’re going to take it.”
of the man was so...real. John could not stop thinking that word. They held each other tightly, lips still pressed together, and breathed, and breathed. Sherlock had muscles, and lungs, and a ribcage,
sure he deduces correctly. If the laces are very tight, it is more like a guess. (He does sometimes guess.)
Now Sherlock was on his back, with John nestled between his thighs, his cock larynx-deep in John’s surprisingly accommodating throat, moaning around the fingers that John had hooked into his mouth. He was awash in the pleasure afforded by John’s lips and tongue, coupled with the exquisite tactility of having his own lips wrapped around John’s fingers. He licked and sucked and drooled around them, between panting breaths and visceral moans, utterly uncoordinated and splendidly
It would have been miserly to refuse, he thought later, not fooling himself even for a moment. She seemed to want it so badly. He’d just helped her out with her wedding nerves. But she wasn’t wrong, he
John continues as if he hasn’t heard. “I saw your face. You were wondering if that was how I think, if that’s what I think of
Sarah had lined up for them on their trip. They’d already been sea-kayaking and jet-boating. Sarah had begun by asking John’s opinion about what they should try next, but he’d agreed so equably with everything she suggested that she was soon signing them up for whatever struck her fancy, depending on John to go along with it.
“Ah, John.” Sherlock was on the sofa in his blue dressing gown, facing away from John, his laptop—no, John’s laptop, of course—open on his chest. He did not look around when John came in; nevertheless John had the impression he’d been waiting for him to come home.
He sees, oh god, he must certainly see Sherlock’s meaning in this. It can’t mean anything else. John took off his shoes to tell Sherlock that he loves him, took them off so he couldn’t flee and couldn’t hide. Took them off and offered Sherlock this one real thing. Sherlock’s bare feet must surely tell him everything he needs to know.
Sherlock smiles too, into the skin of John’s shoulder, but refuses to concede. “Well, yes. And proving a point.”
what she was offering, and if he was a little slow to take her up on it, well, it had been a while. He hoped she didn’t notice his slight hesitation before he dipped his head down to kiss her throat, hoped his subsequent diligence (
Sherlock hears John curse under his breath. He sits on high alert – for John to be thwarted when he is already so angry can only be a bad thing.
John lingered, then, at the tip of the little bundle of nerve endings, and circled there once, then stayed almost completely still, applying only the barest pressure and allowing the movement of Sherlock’s hips to control the touch.
His anger twists, turns back on himself. A familiar feeling. Easier to manage, at any rate. Easier to contain.
He groaned, but such was what passed for logic at 3:23am, and he rose obediently and went to the window. There was no one there.
“I know you will.” And John does know. So that when Sherlock’s hand reaches up and settles, finally, on the delicate skin of John’s upturned forearm, John feels the tension flowing out of her, and she releases a breath she didn’t realise she was holding. “I know you will, Sherlock. I trust you.”
Sherlock loved having sex with John. He loved being manhandled by John. He loved being ordered around by John. He loved
Mary giggled coyly as he pressed her back into the mattress. “Ooh, Doctor Watson, please be gentle with me.”
No, Sherlock understood her body and its desires, and trusted that John would understand as well. There was no
. John’s hips rocked faster and her breath hitched as Sherlock’s fingers kept up their teasing dance.
He watches John carefully. At first glance, he appears to still be frozen, but as Sherlock watches, he can see that John is trembling, almost imperceptibly. His eyes, still wide, are brimming now, with unshed tears. His hands twitch in his lap, and the trembling turns to shudders.
All the while, John kept up a steady stream of endearments and praise and profanity, uttered low and rough.
John’s fingers were still lingering, with little fluttering touches. It felt…well, it felt really, really good, and really, really terrifying, and it was altogether
They moaned together, but when John started to rut into the pressure, Sherlock stilled him with a touch on his hip. “Shh, John. I want—slow down. Let me…”
and words of such affection as John never expected to hear from Sherlock at all, ever, about anyone, least of all John himself, so that he could not quite believe he was hearing them at all. The string of words kept coming,  but at times it was just his mouth, his lips working and moving at John’s temple, as if trying to kiss him but unable to coordinate. All the while his hand was steady and unrelenting on John’s cock, and John was lost, was completely incoherent, eyes tight shut and breathing erratic as his climax rose and rose within him.
John unflinchingly pressed his advantage. There could be no question about who was in charge. Sherlock sank into the kiss with desire, and something very like relief.
She left them alone for now, trailing her hand up and down Sherlock’s side, then lower, over her hip to her thigh, drawing little circles with her fingertips. Sherlock’s muscle tensed, and John changed from light touches to deeper massage, taking in the whole muscle into the motion.
Sherlock’s brow crinkles as he speaks. “Well, no sense in making you go up and down the stairs. Besides, you should be close so I’m able to keep an eye on you. Why don’t you take my bed?”
He places a hand over John’s for a moment before gently pulling it away to unbutton the rest of his shirt. He undresses with motions of quick efficiency, his eyes never leaving John’s.
“Brother mine, Moriarty has spun quite the intricate web. It will be quite the grueling task to unravel it. Are you sure about this?” Mycroft asked. It was the closest to caring Sherlock had ever seen his brother.
All too soon, Sherlock straightens and shuffles back to the kitchen to continue with whatever experiment he’s been working on.
positively mad with rage. Before John has any time to react, Martin is throwing his entire body at John and then they’re both tumbling over the edge and into the frigid water of the Thames.
For someone so intuitive, he could be so blind when it came to the matter of anything along the lines of feelings or emotions.
John stares at the disheveled mop of curls just inches under his chin, Sherlock’s soft exhales of breath whispering across his neck in warm, damp puffs. With a soft sigh, he finally gives in to the temptation and plunges a hand into Sherlock’s hair, gently scraping his fingernails across the detective’s scalp.
” Sherlock breathed, his voice dropping an octave. Then he closed his eyes and let out the most obscene moan John had ever heard. He diligently shifted his hips away from Sherlock’s in an attempt to avoid as much embarrassment as possible.
By now, John knew it was best just to wait until Sherlock was done his deducing. He took a seat on the edge of the bed and tried not to think about what had just happened between them downstairs. He hoped Sherlock wasn’t cross with him.
The room fell into a deafening silence and it was quite out of character for Sherlock Holmes not to rush to fill it.
Yet when Sherlock reaches up again to peel the Belstaff from John’s shoulders, he doesn’t argue. Doesn’t try to move away.
As Sherlock pulled back, he froze, eyes wide and slowly released his ironclad grip on John’s shoulders. John’s mouth had dropped open in complete and utter shock and he was surprised his jaw wasn’t dragging on the floor at the base of the couch.
John swallowed, finding his voice. “Sherlock, what are you doing?” he asked, desperately trying to keep his voice even.
Finally, Sherlock stands and plucks the blanket from John’s shoulders, tossing it into the back of the ambulance.
“Well– You– I guess–” John made a strangled sort of noise that was meant to be a laugh but had turned into a bit of a snort somewhere along the way. He cleared his throat. “You’re my friend,” he said simply.
“John? John?? Say you’re alright. Please,” Sherlock begged, ripping his scarf off to press against the wound. It soaked through in seconds, a large puddle forming on the floor and soaking into the knees of his trousers. His coat came off next and he pressed it to John’s body with as much force as he could muster with his shaking hands.
John and Sherlock glanced at one another, bursting into a fit of laughter the second their eyes made contact.
“Sherlock?” John repeated, trying to gently nudge the detective away from him so he could see his face.
“Sherlock,” John whispers after some time has passed. “Sherlock, wake up, love,” he says, allowing the term of endearment to slip out knowing that Sherlock won’t hear it in the haze of sleep.
He fetched the wallet they’d found in the room earlier and placed it in Sherlock’s outstretched hand. John hovered around Sherlock for a moment before heading back to his spot on the edge of the bed.
“We just have to find it,” Sherlock mumbled to himself as he began to search through the carts filled with luggage near the front desk.
John can’t sleep that night and finds he’s wandered out to the couch at some point in the night. He can’t stop thinking. About Sherlock. His flatmate. His best friend. Spread out on the couch last night as though he were an offering.
Suddenly, John wants to hold him, to tell him, to be closer than close to him, to love him, to make love to him.
Sherlock tentatively leans forwards and softly presses his lips against John’s. John wraps his arms around Sherlock, his fingers gripping at his waist in an attempt to pull him forwards more.
Sherlock blinked sharply like his brain had just kick-started itself into working once more. “Thank you,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper.
The force of Sherlock colliding with him, added to the vigor with which he was kissing him, caused John to take a few stumbling steps backwards to maintain his balance.
“Oi! I find your lack of faith disturbing. We’ll get to the finals!” John said, giving Sherlock another shove. “But seriously, we ought to do something, even if it’s as simple as you blowing out the candle on a cupcake after takeaway and case files.”
“Exactly, John! It’s been an entire month! I should be back by now. I should be healed, I should be able to walk without a damn crutch. I should be better! But just look at me!”
“Hey, look at me. You didn’t mess anything up.” John said, easing Sherlock’s fingers out of inky curls. “Grabbing each other at a crime scene and rushing home to pin each other against walls is great and all, but we’re not hormonal teenagers anymore who get carried away with things like that, and don’t think things through. We’re adults, we live together, we work together. We need to make sure we’re on the same page about this, and not just getting caught up because of the adrenaline and a mutual attraction. I want this, I want you, but we need to really know what we’re getting into before we end up where we were heading. And believe me, I want to end up there.”
After the initial awkwardness and embarrassment of the introductions, the rest of the evening went smoothly. Sherlock seemed to grow more at ease with the guys, at least his reservations and shyness appeared to dissolve.
“John’s not on the streets! He hasn’t been arrested! He’s been kidnapped, and you damn well know it!” Sherlock shouted, he’d have lunged at Mr. Watson if Evans hadn’t grabbed his shirt.
“I’ll take you back to see him now, he’s been asking for you,” Dr. Drier continued, unaware of the self-berating going on in John’s head. “But just so you know, we’ve already given him something for the pain, so he may be a little bit loopy.”
“I hope you know this doesn’t change anything, Sherlock.” John said softly, his hand covering Sherlock’s curling slightly. “You having a past, something we all have, doesn’t change the fact that you’re still the same mad genius who chases bombers into abandon houses, and solves crimes for fun. You’re still the same nutter who I befriended in the hospital, and who convinced me to move in with him after only a week.” He added with a smile. “You’re clearly clean, and that’s the important thing.”
It had been nearly five months to the day since a burning house fell on top of him, but the time had come, it was finally the end of his last physical therapy session. If he were the type to sing, Sherlock would have broken out in song. However, instead of singing – or telling Heather he was more than happy in the knowledge that he’d never have to step foot in her place of business ever again – he merely nodded. After a not so subtle elbow from John, he also added a mumbled “Thank you, I appreciate all you’ve done for me.”
“Oh no, there are going to be plenty of those. I just mean I only get one first time with my husband, and I want it to be special, I plan on taking my time.” John all but growled as he pulled Sherlock down and captured those soft, perfect lips in a rough kiss. “Surely you ‘d rather our first time be where we’re truly alone, and we can spend hours taking each other apart over and over again, where we lose our voices because we’ve made each other scream.” Alright, so he was playing a bit dirty, but that’s what Sherlock did to him. “I can’t make you scream if we’re getting a quick one off in your old bedroom hoping your parents don’t walk in, or worse, Mycroft.”
“Oh nothing, nothing.” Sherlock said, biting back a grin. “I just find the image of you in swim trunks splashing about in the water, rather amusing.”
“They really wouldn’t. The way you figured that out… Fantastic, Sherlock. You know that, right? Really, really unbelievable. Amazing.”
“Alright, home it is. Go on, you go get us a cab while I settle up. I’ll meet you outside.” John said with a smile, and Sherlock felt himself once again, smiling back.
“You’re his brother aren't you? You’re Mycroft.” Of course this is the horrible, meddlesome older brother Sherlock complains about. The posh, other worldly quality should have tipped him off.
“It actually took me a few days, I’m ashamed to say, but once I saw it, it was so simple. All the property management companies traced back to the same owner.” Sherlock explained. “Sure, there were a number of proxy companies, and fake leads, but eventually I shifted through it all, and it was right there. A quick background search on the owner revealed she was in debt and desperately needed the insurance pay offs to stay out of the poor house. And that her younger sister had an ex-husband who used to work demolition and served time for arson.”
“Absolutely, he’s a stand up guy. But you didn’t need me to tell you that. You read him within a minute of sitting down.”
They filled the rest of the night with slow and gentle love making. Their kisses languid, their touches loving. As amazing as the night had been, the excitement of their private game, John’s approach, the flirting, the toying with each other, the sex, and the idea of having something fast and frantic for one night only; nothing would ever compare to perfection they had together as their true selves. Flings and playacting was fun – everything with John was fun – but making love to, and being made love to by, John, his husband, his other half, his soulmate, words of love and adoration falling from their lips as they made physical the oneness they already knew in their hearts, was better. What Sherlock had with John was everything. They would definitely bring Jack and Liam – or whatever new names they would choose – out to play again, but only because they both knew that once those façades fell away, they would be John Watson and Sherlock Holmes again, and that, that was all they ever really needed.
“Thank you. I know you want something more with John, because I watched you two.” Sherlock’s eyes when wide at that. “Oh, not like that.” She rolled her eyes. “I just mean that I saw you two getting to know each other, I heard you two laughing and talking all day.”
Trying a few more of John’s refuges, including the cemetery where John’s mother was buried, Sherlock was left with one last possible place, the school. There was a long forgotten loft above the gymnasium where he and John would often hideout when they decided to skip class, or just needed an escape during the day. Sherlock couldn’t imagine John hiding away up there all day, and not contacting him, but as with everywhere else he searched, Sherlock had to be sure.
The next hour passed quickly as they discussed what evidence they had, and what they would need to obtain in order to properly incriminate and stop Sebastian and his cronies. It wasn’t until John had asked a question and received no answer, that he noticed Sherlock had actually fallen asleep. Sherlock looked so peaceful in sleep – not that John made it a habit of watching him sleep – even with the angry bruises – and giving into temptation, he ran a hand through Sherlock’s curls before pulling the blanket up around him. He couldn’t very well wake the man and make him move back out to the couch, not when he was already settled and soundly asleep. No, Sherlock could take his bed again, and John would just go out to the living room.
“He woke up.” Leah smiled. “And he’ll probably be waking up again pretty soon. I’ll be in to check on him again in a little bit, then I’m afraid you’re stuck with Nurse Carlton for the night again.”
A small smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips and he let slip a quiet giggle as he watched John shiver at memories of Mr. Sedgeway and spitty mouths.
“Please, John. Please now.” Whitney whimpers, sliding her hand down the front of John’s boxers, taking him in hand. And with some fumbling, a plain pair of boxers, and a bee pattern set fall to the floor.
“He’s a lucky man, your fiancé.” Leah smiled again. “Alright, he seems to be breathing well on his own, and his oxygen saturation level looks good. I know it may not seem like it now, but Sherlock is on the road to recovery, we just need to give him a little time.”
“Knew you’d get us out. Never doubted you for a minute.” John smiled, turning his head to look at Sherlock, sounding much more alert.
“God yes.” John breathed, and let go, finally giving in to everything that had been building between them since the moment he set eyes on Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock blushed, why was this so difficult to say? He was laying half naked, entangled with John after sharing a mind-altering orgasm, and he was having trouble getting the words out.
“No, John. Christ, that’s not what I meant.” Sherlock groaned, closing his eyes and letting his head fall back against the back of the couch. “I told you I’m shit when it comes to expressing emotions.”
“I can’t say I know much at the moment, other than he’s been taken in for surgery.” The DI sighed, sounding weary. “I’m sorry, but do you mind if I ask you how you know Sherlock and why you’re interested?”
“Not particularly.” The session hadn’t been especially tiring, mostly some stretches and a review of the exercises he was to continue moving forward. As a result, Sherlock was still satisfied from the breakfast John insisted he eat. “But I’m in no rush, I don’t mind stopping somewhere to get something for you.”
“Oh don’t act so surprised.” She laughed “I’m Sherlock’s mother, you don’t think I know my own son? I hear the way he talks about you. I see the way he blushes and his eyes light up when your name comes up. Over Christmas he was smiling at his phone, and texting
“My hand felt wrong all evening,” John continued, “and I absolutely hated see you without my ring on your finger.”
“More than. I’m just surprised, that’s all.” John chuckled. “I sort of expected you to be eager to finish what we started before dinner.”
Lestrade just stared, his brows furrowed, and his mouth in a disbelieving half smile. It was slightly disconcerting.
“Decades? Yeah, I can do decades.” John smiled, and pulled Sherlock into his lap, kissing him with everything he had, pouring every ounce of love and devotion he felt into the press of lips against lips.
“You don’t need to make up some fake boyfriend to make yourself seem normal.” Theo continued, twisting the dagger deeper into Sherlock’s chest. “I know it’s been a while, but don’t forget, I know you, Sherlock. I mean, who in their right mind could stand being in an actual, honest-to-God, relationship with you?”
soap samples will still be here in the morning. You can test them all you want when we get back from your therapy tomorrow. If Heather doesn’t kill us, that is.”
“I’m not kidding, I must have put in a good thirty hours in last week studying for that test.” John said swallowing down a mouthful of broccoli beef. “Tied for second highest score in the class, so it was worth it, but I am definitely scratching cardiology off my list.”
“I don’t know about being brave, it was more like long quiet stretches, followed by periods of almost around the clock activity. But the work was needed, and I was good at it… for all the good it did me.” John added, rolling his left shoulder. Sherlock had felt the scar last night, it was rather impressive, if impressive was the correct word. He didn’t understand why John was so ashamed of it – and he was clearly ashamed – when to Sherlock, it was a testament to the resiliency of the human body. He could never tell John that of course, that was far too personal, and perhaps ‘a bit not good’ given the fact that they were never to see each other again once the day was done. Sherlock tried not to think too much about the almost disappointed feeling he got at that thought.
s, all to help me fend off some pricks who like shoving me around? Someone you hardly even know.” Who the hell does something like that? Who the hell is that… nice?
“Apparently the office was closed for renovations until tomorrow. Our victim seems to have come in today to get a head start before everyone returned. But I was talking about the body, John. What do you think of the body?” clarifies Sherlock, nodding towards the victim slummed over her desk, a small pool of blood at her forehead.
“No need to tell me twice,” John chuckled, “But I’ll talk to you later on though, Harry. And Clara, I’m really glad you’re here too.” John added, smiling at Harry’s not-so-ex wife.
Best of all, Sherlock remained on his best behavior. He listened attentively – though John could tell he was going to delete it later – as Mike talked animatedly about his kids, and the new little one due to arrive in just a couple weeks. Much to John’s delight, Sherlock managed to make a joke about Sarah being “the almost other women”, when John was finally able to formally introduce them. And Sherlock even kept his composure when Mrs. Hudson started making inquiries as to when “You two boys are going to take the next step in your relationship.” Apparently she wasn’t getting any younger and wanted to be there for ‘The Big One.’ Sherlock simply told her that it was best to see a partner in all four of the seasons before making any legally binding decisions. John quite agreed; though he’d seen Sherlock in winter and spring, and something told him he’d still feel the same about him in summer and fall.
“That’s nice. But my answer’s no.” Who the hell did this guy think he was to think John would ever betray Sherlock like that?
Week after week it built – the need for that closeness and proximity – until one Friday evening in early April, everything finally came to a head.
“Consider it my Christmas gift to the class.” John said, his laugh sounding nervous. “Speaking of, what do you Holmes’ do for Christmas?”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice came from the doorway, all bite and annoyance gone. “John, I’m sorry… I… I didn’t realize what you might be feeling. I never meant –”
“You should be. But if we’re going to be keeping to this bed all day, we’ll need something to keep our energy up. I need some tea before we get started, do you want something?”
John closed his eyes for a moment, then letting out a deep sigh, dove right into the story of meeting, getting stuck with, and getting to know Sherlock, leaving out the more lurid details of course. Sarah was kind, understanding, and let John talk, listening to everything he said. It felt good, almost cathartic, getting it all off his chest, and not just the stuff he bitched to Bill about.
Sherlock obviously didn’t mean anything by the kiss, he couldn’t have. He probably deduced John’s feelings in any one of a million different little ways, and the kiss was just the result of some misplaced sense of gratitude. No, Sherlock was half asleep and come morning, he was going realize what had happened, and John was going to have to suffer the awkward conversation of
“Oh, John, it’s you.” Sherlock said, his exasperation disappearing as a smile spread across his face. Alright, so John was still welcome. “I’m sorry, I thought you were Molly coming back.”
John was nervous, John Watson – handsome, universally liked football star – was actually nervous about asking him, Sherlock Holmes, on a date.  It was Sherlock who should have been the nervous one, after all, he had never been on a date before, at least not one that was explicitly called a date. And it was with John, perfect, wonderful, amazing, John.
Slotting his legs between John’s, Sherlock rocked his hips against John’s thigh. Oh dear god, oh yes he was definitely ready for round two. “Does that answer your question?” He whispered.
, and whatever the something was, it felt significant. He had opened up about the war, about feeling damaged, and Sherlock told him about his struggle with addiction; that had to mean something. He needed more time, he had to know if Sherlock felt it too. He just had to figure out a way to see Sherlock again after tonight. He may have been ‘Three Continents Watson’, but John was absolute shit at transitioning into something real. It’s amazing what being cheated on and getting shot, will do to a man’s confidence.
. It took every ounce of will power, not to crawl into John’s neatly made bed, and bury himself in the sheets. Instead, Sherlock got to his knees, and pried up the loose floorboard under John’s bed, under which John kept a box of his most treasured possessions. Inside was £250 of  ‘Don’t Touch: Emergency Only’ money, and the charm bracelet John’s mother wore every day. John would never leave without that bracelet, and the fact that it still sat in the box under the floorboards, closed the door on any lingering possibility that John had left on his own.
“Oh you mean Emily. No, Emily isn’t my step-daughter, she’s my husband’s little sister. Well, not his actual little sister. Eric mentored her in the Big Brothers Big Sisters program when he doing his masters in social work, and she sort of just became part of the family.”
John actually recoiled, looking as though Sherlock had reached out and slapped him. “You’re right.” He said quietly, shaking his head. “No, you’re right. I’m not your boyfriend, and I’m not your minder. But what I am is your friend, and I’m just trying to look out for you.”
“Oh right. Yeah, I’m applying for this shadowing program they run during the summer.” John explained. “Upper division medical students get the chance to shadow doctors and junior doctors a few hours a day. We can’t touch anything, or really do anything, but it should be great experience. Plus it’s an excuse to stay in the city.”
“I’m starting to notice a pattern with you.” John smirked. “The first thing you do when I show up is yell at me. Need I remind you, you asked me to stop by?”
“I’m actually not that nervous.” John admitted. “I’m excited, more than excited, but not really nervous. I know this is right, that
Now it was John’s turn to shiver, his head filling with delightfully sinful things. Sherlock really wasn’t making it easy to remain gentlemanly.
“Oh, don't worry, there are all sorts around here,” she said with a conspiratorial wink. “Mrs. Turner’s girls next door are married even.”
“Yeah, I guess there’s that.” John chuckled a little before shaking his head. “Alright, enough of that. I want to hear about your cases! Tell me about the one you just finished? Or are you sworn to secrecy or something?”
“You know I will always try to look out for you, baby brother.” Mycroft’s smile lacked some of its usual condescending edge. “Though I must say, I believe my job has been usurped. And loathe as I am to admit it, I’m rather glad John Watson refused my offer of money for information. He’s been a good influence on you.”
“Everything’s going to be ok, Bumble. I promise, everything will be ok.” He whispered, planting a kiss amongst Sherlock’s dark curls, and allowed himself to succumb to sleep. The next day was going to be a long one.
– I couldn’t stop thinking about you, wanting you, wanting this. I want this – with you. I want you.”
It was over, it was actually over! Suspended from the university for the remainder of the current term and summer term, barred from living on campus and attending or participating in school sponsored functions, put on disciplinary probation for the next three years, mandatory weekly meetings with the office of student conduct, and immediate expulsion following any sort of further behavior misconduct. Personally John would have liked them to be chucked out of the school permanently and had their futures ruined, but the suspension, probation, and official disciplinary reprimand should follow them for a good long while. And most important of all, Sherlock was happy, so John was happy.
“Watson! You finally made it, you beautiful bastard!” Ethan Moore – goalkeeper – cheered when John approached the long table around which the team was gathered.
John frowned, he knew people often lashed out at those closest to them, but this was ridiculous. He didn’t do anything to be the target of such ire. “Alright Sherlock, there’s no need to be a prick.” He said, perhaps a bit more curtly that he’d intended. “I was just trying to help.”
“Yes, because they’re pitiful. Lestrade is just handing off the easy cases he doesn’t want to bother wasting his time on. He’s just trying to placate me like I’m a child.”
“You’ve not always been the easiest client to have, Sherlock,” Heather said, “but you know what, I think I’m actually going to miss seeing you every week. You too, John. I wish all the family members who come along were like you.”
“No, no they really don’t. You need something loose with a bit of give, something you can move around it.”
“It is now, but I was following your exact instructions! Let me try again, now that I have a proper idea of what to do.”
“Ah, there’s the genius I fell in love with,” John grinned, threading his fingers through Sherlock’s, his thumb rubbing circles across the soft, warm skin on the back of Sherlock’s hand, “always thinking one step ahead.”
“Or maybe,” Sherlock purred, slowly pulling out until only his tip remained inside Jack’s body, only to slam back into him, “you just have that effect on me,” he finished.
” John hissed, before releasing Sebastian. He wasn’t going to lie, he rather enjoyed frightening Sebastian, and the sight of the cretin running away with his tail between his legs, grasping his bloodied chin, was icing on the cake.
“She’s read my blog, and she was at the wedding where apparently, it was, and I quote; glaringly obvious I belonged with the best man and not the bride. She also said something about undeniable chemistry.”
“Alright now, honest feedback,” John said once they parted some time later, settling back into the bed, his arms around Sherlock, “was there anything else, anything at all, that didn’t work for you? I know you said you loved it, but I’d hate to think we didn’t start your birthday off on the absolute best foot.”
The rest if the drive passed like a breeze, and all too soon they were pulling up in front of John’s flat.  Oh God did Sherlock want nothing more than to accept John’s invitation up, but he had to return the car to Mycroft – bloody useless Mycroft.
“You don’t look fine.” And he really didn’t. John could see he was favoring his right side, he had a split lip, and a pretty nasty bruise was starting to form under one eye along what would have been a fairly sharp cheekbone, but now just looked swollen.
“Oh, it was definitely awkward… at first,” Sherlock said with a smirk, “but then we decided to have more sex, and I ended up marrying him.”
“Well we did give him a plus one, and I’m pretty sure he’d cease to function without his most loyal minion on hand.” Sherlock shrugged. “Though I’m starting to suspect she’s just as much the British Government as he is.”
“Even if I wasn’t with Alec, and Amanda wasn’t my friend, I’d never want to go out with him. He actually said that it doesn’t matter that I’m mousy, because his ‘elephant isn’t afraid of mice.’ Was I meant to be charmed by that?”
“Well, it was touch and go for a bit there, but we were able to get a handle on the bleeding, repair most of the damage, and managed to stabilize him.” Stable, Sherlock was stable. He survived. John felt as though his heart restarted.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “The lead detective is on evidence guard duty? Why do I found that suspicious?”
“John, I…” Sherlock’s eyes started to prickle and his throat felt thick. He had so much he wanted – needed – to say, but his mouth wasn’t cooperating. ‘
As if she could read John’s inner struggle, Dr. Cook placed a gentle hand on his upper arm. “This is just standard procedure for a patient who hasn’t woken up yet, especially because of the head injury.” She said softly. “I’m really not concerned. He’s breathing well and his heart rate is steady, his brain hasn’t been starved of oxygen. I fully believe he’ll regain consciousness once his body has healed a bit more. The body sometimes locks down for a bit, the shock of the trauma and blood loss, and focuses all its energy on getting better.”
“I really didn’t get that good of a look at the first man, only for a few seconds as he was running past me and when he ran out of the house.” John said to the young police constable.
“Please,” Sherlock huffed, and John could hear the smirk in his voice. “And how is they any worse than breaking into the morgue to steal body parts? That was something you suggested by the way.”
Was Sherlock hot? Sherlock was gorgeous, so unbelievably gorgeous. Those eyes that could never settle on one color, blue one second, then green the next, then grey the next; those eyes that lit up as he got lost in an explanation of an experiment or a case. His dark curls, so wild, yet seemed to inexplicably always fall perfectly in to place, even as he was bounding around a crime scene. And those lips, those pink, full lips with that perfect cupid’s bow that rattled off facts, deductions, observations, or criticisms at a mile a minute. How he ached to kiss those lips, to run his tongue across them, nip at them, part them to get even the smallest tastes as he worshiped Sherlock’s mouth. No, Sherlock wasn’t hot, he was perfect, and god how John wanted him.
“You solve crime.” John goggled at him. “Of course you solve crime. It’s like you’re a hero right out of a Christie novel.”
– so do you.” Sherlock moaned. “You can – mo – more.” He canted his hips, trying to take John in deeper.
“So we’re going to be keeping each other very busy, are we?.” John sighed as he slumped against the back seat of the car taking him and Sherlock to their five-star suite for the night. Sometimes having a brother-in-law with connections came in handy.
“Hi, I’m looking for a patient, and was told he’s on this floor.” John said, putting on his most charming, easy-going doctor smile. “I was wondering if you could direct me to Sherlock Holmes’s room?”
“Anything I might want you to get me would not be allowed and be promptly taken away by the staff. I’m fine for now.”
“Oh, um, ok. Sorry to bother you.” Jay sputtered, before quickly turning around and hurrying to sit next to a brunette girl, who could barely contain her laughter.
“You’ve analyzed the note? What does it tell us?!” Sherlock demanded. At this point, Mrs. Holmes and Greg had come over to listen as well.
It actually hurt John to think that something in Sherlock’s past made the fear of being targeted and tricked a legitimate concern. Nothing Sherlock could have possibly done could warrant that level of cruelty. He didn’t really know Sherlock yet, but he knew he didn’t deserve it. Nobody deserved that, but something in John just told him Sherlock deserved it least of all. John was just being ridiculous.
They lay like that for a while, John lazily running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock listening to John’s strong steady heartbeat, allowing it to calm him. John’s hand eventually slowed, and Sherlock was just about to check to see if he had fallen asleep, when John spoke.
“Actually, I do. I’m – I’m meeting someone soon. I’m meeting my partner. He should be – he should be here momentarily.” Sherlock managed to say, his voice nowhere near as steady, nor as aloof or confidant, as he had wanted. He was better than this; he was not going to let Theo get to him like this. Theo was the very last person he wanted to see him shaken, it would only have vindicated everything Theo had said about him all those years ago.
“So I was wondering… Perhaps, if the timing is right of course, you might be interested in accompanying me on a case, or cases, in the future?”
“This is not a public pool, this is a posh private medical facility. The water is chlorinated, and it’s fine. What else is bothering you?”
It turned out thirteen minutes was an eternity. By the time Sherlock heard John on the stairs, he was nearly out of his mind.
Sherlock rode with Lestrade and Evans, not wanting to waste a moment, and Mrs. Holmes agreed to meet them at the Watson house. As he slid into the back seat of Lestrade’s car, Sherlock found a folder laying next to him. After catching her eye in the rear-view mirror, Sherlock began reading as they drove off.  It was a copy of tech’s findings after examining the phone. He didn’t know whether to be relieved or frustrated to find they found nothing. No suspicious calls or messages from unknown numbers, no strange pictures or web searches, nothing. There were nine unread text massages, the five he send throughout the day the day before at school, the one he asked Molly to send, and three Sherlock doesn’t fully remember sending late the night before, begging John to be okay, telling him he missed him, begging him to come home safe. There were also the three missed calls made when trying to locate the phone in the square. So much of John’s activity centered around Sherlock, his last outgoing call was to Sherlock late Sunday morning, calling to tell him to check his texts and that he was outside. The last text was to Sherlock, right after they both left for home:
“Girlfriend?” Sherlock frowned, what the hell was John on about? “Do you mean Molly? No. No, no. She's not my... no. She asked me to help her with this week’s lab. Molly’s just my… friend. Not my girlfriend. I don’t have a girlfriend. Girlfriends aren’t really my… area.” Oh god, he was rambling.
“Fine,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, and grabbing his wrist, pulled Jack back onto the bed and on top of him, “he’s the best lay I ever had. He ruined me for any and all other men. Is that better?”
Sherlock just stared at him blankly. Yeah, definitely not a reference, John thought as he carefully lifted Sherlock’s gift from the padding, and hid it behind his back.
“I don’t,” grinned Sherlock, fighting like hell to keep from giggling. “I just like hearing you say it.”
“Exactly, and we can’t have that.” Becca smiled. “We’ll just be getting out of your hair. You two enjoy the rest of your weekend.” She added with a wink in the direction of the couch. John’s face felt hot, and suddenly he wanted to hug her less.
“Do these not work?” Sherlock asked, looking down at himself. He was wearing a pair of expensive looking jeans and a slightly too large button-down shirt.
“I couldn’t agree more. Should we decide to do this again, in addition to pretending we don’t know each other, we’ll just pretend we’re can’t see the other wearing a wedding ring.”
“Thank you! Now, what kind of crimes have you solved? How did this all start?” John was actually giddy, nobody got giddy over cases – no one other than him, that was.
“Be right back.” Sherlock blushed again, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. He was going to have to get used to John’s brazen flirting.
“What, you think just because of what happened between us last night, that gives you the right to dictate what I do?” Sherlock was seething at this point, who the fuck did John think he was? “You’re not my boyfriend, and you’re not my minder. It was a fling, a one-off, people do it all the time. You scratched an itch.” He snarled. He wasn’t a child, god damn it.
“I can’t believe after all this time I’m finally getting to meet you, John.” Mrs. Holmes said once they’d all left the meeting room. She was a beautiful woman, sharing her son’s dark curls – though she wore them up in a loose twist on her head, and not haphazard and wild – she had the same sharp, cunning eyes which held a spark of curious excitement, and the same light – near flawless – complexion. “Though I do wish it had been under better circumstances.”
“How much longer are we expected to stay?” Sherlock asked once the song had ended and transitioned into another equally absurd ballad. “Not to be indelicate, but I have something in mind I really want to do, and I’m going to need to get you somewhere private.”
Perhaps this Jack – or whatever his real name was – was a bit cocksure after all, but for some reason it just made Sherlock want him more, instead of repulsing him like it had done with the others. Well, whatever the reason, Jack had the makings of an excellent distraction.
“Damn right, ‘Oh’! And where to you get off going and invading my privacy? Just because we’ve slept together, that doesn’t give you the right to go through my things!” John was fuming now. It was hard to believe that not that long ago he had been laying in bed, content to just be in Sherlock’s presence, content to just look at him. Now he could barely look at the man.
“It’s a suit,” Sherlock said, knowing he looked and sounded utterly gobsmacked. But John was wearing a perfectly tailored, exquisite suit. He had only seen John dressed like that on one other occasion, and he couldn’t bear to think about that. “From my tailor.” He’d know Colin’s work anywhere.
“Can it wait? He’s been through so much. Other than to ask about John, he’s barely spoken. Honestly, I don’t think he’ll be ready to think about, or say anything until he sees John.” Mrs. Holmes said, having stepped out in the hall to speak to the DI.
“See, you just proved my point.” Sherlock huffed, his scowl deepening. “Everyone is going to look at me like I’m an idiot. I look like an idiot.”
“What? My father used to read me the books when I was a child. I was always rather fond of the dragon.”
And just like that, it hit Sherlock all at once, John wasn’t leaving. John moved in with him, merged his life with his. John Watson, who told him he was beautiful, funny, amazing, and incredible, who was everything Sherlock ever wanted, had chosen him. Of everyone out there, John chose Sherlock.
Ridiculous man, completely perfect ridiculous man, John thought, his eyes getting embarrassingly damp. “You idiot,” he laughed thickly, shifting so that he lay half on top of Sherlock, “I would have found a way to meet you.”
He didn’t think it could get much worse after that first evening, finding out that John planned on dating again, and realizing he was never going to have what he truly wanted. But, as was becoming his habit as of late, Sherlock was wrong. As the weeks wore on, as he watched John prepare for and get excited for the stupid, pointless, useless celebration, Sherlock’s hurt – and jealousy – grew.
Even though he knew Sherlock wasn’t looking, that didn’t stop John from rolling his eyes as he bit back a laugh.
It took several long, wonderful minutes for John to come down, and for his senses to return. If he hadn’t know better he would have thought he were dreaming, but he knew his mind could never come up with something as astonishing as what had just happened. It was like nothing he’d ever experienced, and not just because it was his first time engaging in ‘full sex’ with another man. John had always cared about his previous partners – a grand total of three to be exact – but this was the first time he shared a deeper connection with a partner, a meaningful connection. This was the first time he didn’t just like his partner, he wasn’t just attracted to him; with Sherlock he was with a partner who meant the world to him, with Sherlock he was with a partner who he was… And then the things Sherlock had said, the things they’d both said. It was a dream. It was better than a dream.
“Only when the police miss something, which is always. It’s how I met Lestrade, his father sometimes listens to me when I have a tip.”
Sherlock didn’t remember what happened next; one minute Lestrade had ripped him away while paramedics swarmed over a motionless John, and the next he was in hospital, a sea of unknown faces examining and questioning him.
Sherlock’s one saving grace was the cases. Since Julia Stoner’s murder, Lestrade had started calling him in on cases again. With fresh clues to hunt down and active criminals to catch, he was sufficiently distracted from the living, breathing distraction that was John Watson. Most of the time John actually came along to the crime scenes with him, but the cases were still enough to keep Sherlock’s focus where it ought to be – on the victim’s body, and not John’s. An added bonus was that John proved to be a quite invaluable assistant, his comments still sparking moment of clarity for Sherlock, and he was able to do most of the leg work whilst Sherlock’s leg was still out of commission. Getting someone else to do his leg work, Sherlock cringed at how much he sounded like Mycroft.
He was going to make sure his brother paid for this, Sherlock thought as he tugged on the bow tie currently chocking him. It was Mycroft’s fault he was at this ridiculous gala in the first place.
“Your bus is not due to arrive for another ten minutes, Mr. Watson.” Came a cool, calm voice from inside the car. “I’d be more than willing to give you a ride to your flat, if you’d just care to get in. It’ll be far quicker.”
“Yes, fine.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” If only John knew how true that was.
Relocated to the waiting room from earlier in the day, Sherlock absentmindedly rubbed his wrists where the metal had cut into his skin, as he told his father everything his search had turned up, or rather, hadn’t turned up. Thankfully his father just listened and let Sherlock speak, but Sherlock could see him filing all the information away. This was good, with both his parents on his side, Sherlock was sure the inevitable investigation would run smoother, and John would be found sooner.
“Well it’s not life or death or anything, but the sink won’t drain properly, and I’d really rather not wait.”
“Don’t mention it.” Sherlock said, is mouth quirked up in a half smile. “You’re not going to bed now are you?” He asked.
“Come on,” Sherlock whined, sliding his hands under John’s suit jacket, “There’s a perfectly good bed upstairs going to waste, and I haven’t really been able to get my hands on you, properly
“What did you do?!” John hissed. He was seething, and sat up too fast. Christ his neck was sore, and god how his shoulder ached. But he put pain aside, and quickly started checking over Sherlock, he had to make sure something didn’t happen to him while he was asleep.
“Last night was…” Sherlock paused and then restarted. “You have to be here another night, and you and I were… we were rather good. I enjoyed it, and I think you did too… I, I think we should… I want to… we should have sex… again.”
My holiday had to be cut short, and I am returning to campus a week earlier than I originally planned. If there is something I can get started for the project before you return, please let me know.
“I was wondering when you’d wake up.” John said quietly, leaning in to place a kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Sorry if I got a bit impatient, but you looked too good not to kiss.”
with Sherlock was even a possibility, but hadn’t the Scouts taught him to ‘be prepared’? Stupid, Watson; very, very stupid.
“Did you break something? Set something on fire?” John continued. “Are you worried I’ll be upset, because Love, whatever it is, it’s alright. I promise I won’t be mad. There’s nothing you could possibly do to warrant you being so worried.”
“You’re the one…” Lestrade just stared at John for a few seconds before suddenly grabbing the offered hand in both of his. “Oh, well thank God you were there! Really, you probably saved his life, who knows what would have happened had you not been there. Ah, sorry, I didn’t hurt you, did I?” He added, just registering the bandages.
“Dearly beloved,” the Holmes’ local magistrate – a man in his mid to late fifties – started once all the guests had taken their seats, “we are gathered here today to celebrate the union of these two men, Dr. John Hamish Watson,” oh god, what had possessed him to agree to use his full name, “and Mr. William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” oh that was way, Sherlock had to too, “in lawful matrimony. John and Sherlock have elected to write their own vows. So Sherlock, if you’d like to begin.”
Becca was in near hysterics at that point. “Oh my god, yes!” She laughed, catching her breath. “If we had been two minutes later, I’m pretty sure we would have walked in on two very naked,
“Sherlock, please, please I need you to come back to me. Please don’t do this to me again.” He choked. “I can’t do this, I can’t live in a world without you in it… not again. I can’t go through that again, I can’t.”
Lestrade was still talking, but Sherlock had stopped listening. McCall had just greeted the other driver when it appeared he got a phone call. Something wasn’t right. The fence ran back to his car, and McCall, who had only been on the phone for not even thirty seconds, was looking around wildly. They’d been tipped off.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, narrowing his eyes. Well, narrowing the one eye that wasn’t almost swollen shut.
“I’m still here. John’s various girlfriends have come and gone, but I’m still here. He still wants me.” Sherlock said, praying he gave none of his true doubts away.
“For all the he good it does me.” Sherlock grumbled, more to himself than Molly. “I keep hitting brick walls.”
Still not fully trusting himself to speak without revealing just how deep his feelings for the mad bastard saying the most amazing things, ran, John instead brushed an errant curl out of Sherlock’s eyes and kissed every inch of Sherlock’s face – cheeks, chin, forehead, eyelids, eyebrows, and finally the plush lips he had been worshiping all evening long.
John interrupted her before she could finish. “Sarah, don’t.” Ever since their lunch, she had been trying to get John to reach out to Sherlock.
“Hmmm, you don’t say?” John said, his tone nothing short of seductive as he allowed himself to be pulled on top of Sherlock. “As luck would have it, I’m rather fond of mine.”
“Nothing would make me happier. And really, who else would you possibly go with?” Sherlock smirked, before gently pulling John’s face up to his, and kissing him… and again… and again.
“The good thing is,” the doctor continued, “he won’t have to deal with a cast or anything, just a brace to offer extra support and protection. He’ll be able to keep the incisions clean, and shower normally after a few days.”
Rushing from the park, Sherlock worked his phone out of his pocket, and dialed the number John gave him ‘just in case.’
“Really? I don’t recall that every stopping me before?” Sherlock said trying to sound board, and pushed through the door with a swirl of his coat; leaving Lestrade and Molly to whatever it was they were doing, he really didn’t want to think too much about it.
“Ah, but the human memory is a tricky thing. It’s all quite objective.” And at that, Sherlock swooped down to reclaim John’s mouth, stopping any possible retort. John did not mind in the slightest.
John didn’t know what made him do it – yes he did – but he reached out and pulled Sherlock into his arms as he lay down fully on the bed, laying Sherlock’s head against his chest. “That’s not going to happen either.” He said, rubbing Sherlock’s back in what he hoped were soothing circles. “How would it look if the university, faced with all that damning evidence, gave them a slap on the wrist? And believe me, I will tell every news outlet that will listen – and even those that don’t – if they do.”
“Yes, that’s what Heather said too,” Sherlock hummed. “According to her, the water will alleviate the amount of weight and strain on my leg when doing the exercises.”
– don’t hold back,” Jack moaned, leaning back and impaling himself further onto Sherlock’s finger. “I can –
“John… that was… ehem… that was…” Sherlock stumbled, after he appeared to have finally got his breath back.
want you to get your scarf back,” Sherlock said weakly, not looking John in the face as he spoke, “but that was more of an excuse.”
Sherlock was never more thankful for Mrs. Hudson’s herbal soothers than he was when he and Jack came stumbling through the door of 221 Baker Street, not particularly keen to deal with her special brand of questioning at that very moment. How they managed to make it up the stairs and into his flat without waking up the entire block, let alone his landlady, he’d never know. Though frankly, he didn’t really care if they were overheard, the way Jack was ground against him, first flush against the wall just inside the flat, then eventually sitting atop the kitchen table, arms and legs completely caging in Sherlock’s body, made it difficult for Sherlock to care about anything that wasn’t Jack’s body against his.
Sherlock talked and John listened until one of their stomachs – Sherlock couldn’t tell whose it was exactly – gave a low grumble, and John realized that it was nearing seven o’clock.
“For as long as he wants me around.” John snaps his mouth shut. He wasn't ready to admit that to even himself, let alone to Mycroft Holmes.
“Since you won’t go to a facility,” Mycroft repeated, staring pointedly at Sherlock, “I have made arrangements for twice daily sessions with a top physical therapist who will come to my home, where you will be staying for the duration of your recovery.”
“Well I thought so, but clearly I thought wro –” John didn’t get to finish his sentence, because Sherlock was out of the kitchen and across the sitting room in two seconds.
“I know, I know.”  John said soothingly, his voiced laced with something… Oh god, it was pity; John pitied him. Poor pathetic Sherlock can’t even walk alone at night without being attacked. Poor pathetic Sherlock can’t even defend himself properly.
“There,” he said a little while later, as he slipped the thin silver band onto Sherlock’s finger, and Sherlock slipped one onto his, “we are officially engaged for all the world to see. There’s no backing out now.”
“I won’t want to take it back.” John whispered. Sherlock could feel him rubbing his nose along his cheek.
Feeling ridiculously brave, Sherlock chanced a look at John and saw him grinning at him. The other kids last year had made fun of his name, calling it freaky and weird just like Sherlock himself, but not John. John was being honest.
“Okay, but really, Sherlock,” he sighed, “how did you plan on us getting out of here? We’re kind of in an ‘employees only’ area.”
The show John was a little too interested in was meant to be 'To the Ends of the Earth' which started Benedict Cumberbatch. And this is the part he REALLY liked https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_fgKk1CM-0
– fas – faster!  YES!” Sherlock cried, all sense of coordination lost as his hips bucked and he bowed up off the padded floor. The entirety of his focus narrowed down to John – hard and slick – sliding against him, John’s hand interwoven with his, pinning and pulling them together. “Oh
“You need to extubate! He can’t breathe!” John cried. Sherlock had survived the stabbing, survived the surgery; John couldn’t lose him now, he couldn’t lose him to this.
“I’m just doing my job. And while I’m at it, I would suggest you get some rest yourself, maybe something to eat. You’re no good to him if you end up in hospital yourself.”
John bit back a laugh. “Well,” he said, stopping just inside the doorway to the bathroom to look back at his sulking boyfriend, with what he hoped was his most inviting smile, “aren’t you going to join me?”
“Team effort son. And really, you and Mycroft didn’t get your powers of persuasions out of nowhere. Mum may be the genius, but I’m not half bad sometimes.” His father’s gentle teasing, like a warm blanket, brought a small smile back to Sherlock’s face.
Afternoon transitioned slowly into early evening, and still he waited. At just over three hours after receiving the call from the hospital, John saw a doctor come through the doors leading to the operating theater, and walk toward where he and Lestrade were sitting. Fear gripped him like never before as he stood, this was it. He had to clench his left hand several times to subdue the tremor that had reappeared, he couldn’t afford to lose it now.
“You think ‘GF’ stands for girlfriend? I’m not fifteen years old.” John could feel his blood pressure rising. Alright, Sarah’s text could have been easily misconstrued, but still.
“Yes, he and two of his friends are the ones who have been harassing me, but he’s the ring leader.” Sherlock still wasn’t looking at him; John wished he would, if only to see that he wasn’t judging him, to see that he had nothing to be ashamed of. “Sebastian’s parents are well connected, and carry a lot of influence. Even if charges are filed against Sebastian and his friends, it’s more than likely nothing will come of it. All that will happen is I will have pissed them off more, and things could get even worse.”
John grinned and started unlocking the door. “I made the copies almost a year ago, so my crime is old news. Though let’s not add loitering to my criminal record.”
“Well it’s not as impressive as all those things you seemed to know about me at the club, but it wasn’t too shabby.” Sherlock smiled at this, and John had to temper the sudden swell in his chest at the sight. It was a nice smile, small and hesitant, as if he didn’t quite believe what he was hearing, but it seemed to reach his eyes, making him look younger, softer almost.
It was quiet for a few moments, Sherlock still staring defiantly at his own lap, when a tentative hand came to settle on top of Sherlock’s tangled fingers. The touch startled him, he hadn’t even realized that John had come to sit on the couch next to him. Sherlock still didn’t look up, though, he just noted the contrast of John’s tanned skin against his own pale white hands. They were so different.
Decades with Sherlock Holmes, there were far worse ways John could spend the rest of his life, but there were absolutely none better.
“I do, yeah. He plays the violin a lot, he says it help him process his thoughts, but when I have a nightmare, he only ever plays one specific song, and he only ever plays it during a nightmare. He has to know, right?”
A small crease formed between John’s brows. “How much? You mean how long it took?” Sherlock nodded. “Twice a week for just over two months, but that was only after the month and a half I spent in hospital. I’m a little surprised you even asked.”
“I was just going to suggest that if you didn’t have anything better to do, you could always come along, or… or you could meet me at the center after I’m done.” It had been years since he’d last stumble over his words. What was wrong with him? “The appointment is only an hour and a half, and I thought since you’re always insisting I eat, we could go get lunch afterwards. I should probably thank you for all the help you’ve been these past two weeks.” Christ, he was rambling.  “But if you’re busy, that’s fine. Don’t worry about it.” Sherlock finished, his face starting to feel flushed. Seriously, what the hell was wrong with him?
With the West Barlow Road footage being analyzed for any evidence of tampering, which there had to be, and with the assurance of complete privacy in Mr. Holmes’ office, Sherlock got to work reviewing the recordings of Leicester Square. He had a thirty-five hour window – the time between when he watched John walk away, and when John’s phone was discovered – in which he had to look, to find something to point to John’s location, or his captors. With his mother watching various angles of the square, Sherlock focused on the single camera pointed directly at the bin where they found John’s phone.
Folding the borrowed suit, John left it a chair in the corner of the room, grabbed his bag, and headed to the door. As much as John regretted losing a paycheck, he really did need every bit of money he could get, it was that he didn’t get the chance to say goodbye to Sherlock, which weighed heaviest on John’s mind. An evening simply walking around a room full of stuffy aristocrats with Sherlock, was the most fun John had had in a long time. He hated that it had been cut short.
“You need more equipment than what you already have? The table is essentially covered as it is; we’ve no place to eat!”
“Aren’t you supposed to be in class?” Sherlock asked, refusing to give John the satisfaction of seeing his surprise.
“It’s the cross I must bear.” giggles Sherlock, sliding down the wall to sit on the hall floor. Perhaps his drinks were getting to him as well.
“You know, I was going to ask you the same question.” Sarah laughed. “I’m quite good at sorting people’s lives for them.”
John wasn’t even aware any time had passed, but he suddenly realized that only the first nurse remained in the room, and she was speaking to him, her voice now calmer.
Ah yes, the one versus two bedroom discussion. If they’d been over it once, they’d been over it twenty times. Sherlock had wanted to rent another two bedroom flat so that he could have his lab room again, but John made the point – with which Sherlock had eventually agreed – that they were able to afford a better overall one bedroom for what they would have paid for a passable two bedroom.  If sacrificing the kitchen table was what John had to pay for in order to get a dishwasher, all included utilities, and a spacious bedroom, then he was fine with it. The annoying door locks were even worth it.
“We need to look at the footage again. Whoever dropped the phone has to be on there.” Sherlock could feel his own panic attack starting. He had to remain calm; he had to remain level headed. If he lost it now, his mother and Lestrade would make him stop, and he couldn’t stop.
John let out a sigh. If this was the type of push-back Heather had to deal with, he was nominating the woman for sainthood.
By eight AM, just about when Sherlock should have been sitting down to Chemistry, he and his mother were walking through the lobby of New Scotland Yard. They would have been there sooner, had his mother not insisted he eat at least two pieces of toast and drink a glass of orange juice.
pointed the missed dose out to him, Sherlock would insist he was fine, or he had already taken it. Most of the time John didn’t have the energy to argue with him, figuring if the pain got too bad he’d crack, but at that moment, he was seriously starting to consider pinning Sherlock down and forcing the pills down his throat.
“Of course.” John nodded. “It just feels great to know that I’m not actually stuck anymore, that I actually can get over things.”
“So why only locum work?” Sherlock asked. “Surely full-time work would be the better option. Not that I want you out of the flat or anything,” he added quickly, “your presence these past few weeks has made this whole ordeal far more manageable.”
“Well, what little mess there is will keep until morning, and I believe we left the issue of who wins in terms of the better relationship partner, outstanding.  I suggest we attempt to settle the matter now?”
Sherlock didn’t manage to even read the last sheet of the report, his eyes too blurred to focus properly. That call, and that text were not going to be John’s last to Sherlock, he would not let an infernal emoticon be the last thing John told him.
“How could you possibly know that?” John asked, finally breaking his silence. He believed him of course, but he heard everything Sherlock had heard, saw the same pictures as Sherlock, so what was it that made Sherlock so sure that this Emily was Mr. Rachlin’s daughter?
“Now I know what you’re going to say, but maybe it’s a good idea to just let the police work for the time being.” Mrs. Holmes said as she and Sherlock exited New Scotland Yard into the uncharacteristically bright London afternoon.
“Alright, and you’re sure I can’t do anything else for you, or get you anything?” came a woman’s voice. It was soft, and full of caring.
“That’s wonderful John, really wonderful.” There was a but coming. “But I want you to be careful. The excitement and adrenaline will wear off, and life will go back to normal. This is excellent progress, and even though it happened suddenly, I want you to take the opportunity to channel it into something productive.”
, or at least Sherlock thought – hoped – he did. Maybe… maybe it was all those things. Maybe that’s what made him interesting, because John was all those things.
Why the hell had he suggested they go out to a special celebratory dinner? Yes, friends did stuff like that all the time, but they weren’t really normal friends where they? At least on his end they weren’t normal friends, he who was literally running away from inappropriate thoughts about his best friend in order to maintain some semblance of a regular friendship. He who ignored pretty much anyone who might possibly be flirting with him in order to spend more time with someone he couldn’t have – it wouldn’t be fair to anyone if he tried dating in the state he was in. But he wanted to take Sherlock out, he wanted Sherlock to celebrate this milestone in his recovery, and on the surface, it was no different than any of the other countless meals they’d shared. Their back and forth was the same, the snark was the same, the admonishments of gaps in knowledge were the same, but something felt off. No, not off, something felt different.
Class ended one hour – and four interruptions – later, and it was time to initiate contact, time to show John that Sherlock was –
“Six inches.” Sherlock corrected. “And I do it because you’re strong enough to hold me up, and you love it. Now be quiet, I’m trying to kiss you.”
“Oh my, yes. He more than got the job done. But,” Sherlock said, letting his voice drop into a velvety rumble, and slipping one hand around the back of John’s neck while the other slowly slid down John’s side, settling on his waist, “as satisfying as
“And why is it that I’m the only one doing this?” he asked, automatically holding on to John’s arm for support. Given the nature of the pool facility, the risk of slipping was far too great for crutches – though Sherlock had started going without them in the flat – and Sherlock had made clear he was not going to use the wheelchair usually used by patients. “You’re supposed to be helping me with my recovery, so why aren’t you wearing a pair of ridiculously patterned shorts and jumping into the pathogen infested water with me?”
“You mean to tell me you’re dating someone?” Theo scoffed, as if in disbelief. “Shit, are you using again? I thought I heard you’d gotten clean.”
We're inching ever closer to the end, but there are a few more chapters of oblivious, pining slow burn to enjoy (hopefully enjoy)
“Nope, I’m the lucky one.” Sherlock sighed and lowered his head to capture John’s mouth in a proper kiss, allowing his lips to part and move with John’s.
The rest of the lab passed uneventfully without any more discussion of whether or not Sherlock was worried, or if people’s statements were strong enough, and before he knew it, it was time to pack up and go. Sherlock was just debating whether to stop by Dr. Waller’s office to ask him about some contradictory results, or just head back to the flat to wait for John, when he walked outside to find John sitting against the opposite wall.
“That particular offer is always on the table… and on the floor, and the couch, and our bed,” Sherlock purred, rolling his hips, realizing only then just how
One song transitioned seamlessly into the next, and Sherlock’s body moved with it. People tried to crowd him, tried to wrap their arms around his waist, pull him against them, and Sherlock simply slipped from their grasp, never losing step. It was not that he was adverse to a dance partner, but he didn’t need one, he just needed…
“Oh yeah.” Paul laughed. “And get to know you too. We hardly know anything about you, other than the fact that you were in a class of John’s, you’re crazy smart, and John acts like you’re the greatest thing since sliced bread.”
A deal is struck, and there's just one more hurtle to jump through before John and Sherlock can put the whole ordeal behind them.
“Whatever.” Sherlock grumbled. At least the new pen seemed to be working. The quieter Lestrade was, the better Sherlock could ignore him.
“Oh come on,” John rolled his eyes, “elves are all tall, and fair, and beautiful, and powerful; far more than regular men. Plus they have that whole ‘we know more than everyone else here’ thing going on. That describes you to a tee, love.”
As John lay on the thin mattress in his cell that evening – or morning, John couldn’t tell – he turned over everything that happened, everything he learned. Sherlock hadn’t give up on him yet, Sherlock was still looking. The thought emboldened him. John had to remain strong; he had to keep fighting this, because Sherlock deserved a proper thank you, and John meant to be the one to deliver it.
When Britain finally pulls out of Afghanistan, John is first to volunteer to be transferred to Iraq. John claims it’s because there are more lives to be saved there, but really it’s that he knows there’s nothing in London for him to come home too but painful memories,
“Sorry? Don’t be sorry. You were… that was… amazing.” It was all there, so simple when spelled out, but no one could be that clever, but Sherlock was that clever. “Truly incredible.”
A good friend? God, John couldn’t be further from the truth. John was a good friend, humoring him, looking out for him, wasting his time with him. “I can be accommodating from time to time, just don’t expect me to socialize with large groups on a regular basis.”
“And I love you, John Watson… Though the heart doesn’t actually play a role in love. The brain is really the organ responsible for love. So I’ll say, I love you with my whole brain.”
“I don’t understand why. I mean, obviously you have the intelligence needed and are well suited for medicine, but most people in your position would be eyeing a career as a professional football player.”
“Oh… right.” John nodded. God, Sherlock couldn’t even stand him up like a normal person. “Listen, it’s not that I don’t appreciate it, but Sherlock really didn’t have to send you down here to give me the brush off. I get the hint.”
“Oh my god, John!” Sherlock burst into a fit of giggles. Dear lord he was breathtaking when he laughed. “I was joking. You don’t honestly think I would have done that, do you?”
“I’m in the middle of a case.” He said lamely. “I can’t stop now, I need to identify this compound, I need to find the killer.”
meant. Sherlock was falling for John, not just attracted to him – he knew that already, that much was obvious – but actually, genuinely falling for him. Sherlock was falling hard for John Watson, and he was falling fast.
Sherlock let out a laugh, the deep, genuine, almost carefree laugh that made John’s heartbeat speed up and his knees go week, the laugh that made John fall for Sherlock all over again every time he heard it. “Good,” he smiled, “because I don’t get dressed like this for just anyone.”
“Sherlock dear, is that you?” Said an older woman, probably in her mid to late seventies. “Is something the matter? I thought I heard voices.” She stopped abruptly when she saw John. “Oh… hello.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock said impatiently, cutting off the rest of the question. “Husband, partner, love above all others. I do.”
“My phone? Why?” What did his phone have to do with whether or not John still wanted to see him? Still, Sherlock punched in his pass code – 5646 – and handed over the phone.
“As long as you don’t think I’m a cheapskate, and you enjoyed your celebratory dinner, I guess I’m happy.”
“And I gave you an out when the invitation first came. You could have changed your mind at any point in the past six week, but you picked now to tell me?! I don’t get it, Sherlock.”
“What do you say we find a place for Mr. Doe, then we take this to our room?” John suggested, tapping Sherlock’s hip – their universal ‘unlatch’ signal.
“No, I really don’t think Sherlock’s going to need that much help during his recovery. There’s really nothing much to do other than follow the physical therapist’s instructions, and take it easy.” John chuckled nervously, starting to feel a bit uncomfortable. “Me moving in is simply because I needed a new place to live, Sherlock needed a flatmate, and we get along. Nothing noble or self-sacrificing about it, honestly.”
John loved him. John Watson – handsome, funny, kind, smart, perfect, wonderful John Watson – was in love with him. It was all too good to be real. Maybe he’d been beaten up harder than he thought and was in a coma, maybe this was all just a beautiful coma dream. That was the only explanation for how he – Sherlock ‘The Freak’ Holmes – could have earned John’s love. He was in hospital somewhere, hooked up to machines, and his brain came up with a beautiful story about John  - perfect John – being in love with him and wanting to spend all day in bed with him.
“I don’t know what I did to catch your attention, let alone keep it. I don’t know what it was I did to earn your love or your loyalty –”
Sherlock only blushed harder, and buried his face in John’s neck, his curls tickling the bottom of John’s chin. “So what you’re saying,” he said, his voice muffled, “is you would have made sure we met anyway?”
The new room was nice, the nurses station was directly opposite it, and at least the chair John dragged next to Sherlock’s bed had far better padding than the last one. And so, in slightly more comfort, John resumed his vigil by Sherlock’s side.
“Hey, you’re in Dr. Kiernan’s Principles of Metabolic Biochem class, right? You’re name’s Sherlock, isn’t it?” He knew he recognized him, he was the one constantly correcting the professor, and whose assignments could rival the work of a Nobel Laureate. He was not the kind of person John easily forgot.
Once again, neither John nor Sherlock see fit to talk about this most recent development. But Sherlock does start staying over three or four nights a week. If they spend time together during the day, it’s a sure bet that Sherlock will stay the night with John, sex or no sex. Sometimes they don’t even have to have done anything together, John just gets a text saying Sherlock’s coming over, and that’s that. Sherlock claims that John’s flat is quieter and closer to the school, so he can get more work done. They both know the noise level is almost exactly the same and it’s only a couple blocks closer, but they don’t seem to care. Neither wants to talk about it, so they don’t.
“You clearly used Sundays to catch up on any work you let slide over the course of the week,” Sherlock said, regaining some of his confidence with the observation, “so I guess Thursday evening.”
“He most likely hit it when he fell. We believe it’s only a mild concussion, but it needed a few stitches. And don’t worry,” Dr. Cook said, anticipating John’s next question, “we are monitoring it too, just to be sure there are no complications.”
activities with him, are no secret to me. So I’ll ask again, what is your connection with Sherlock Holmes?” The man’s voice getting hard.
“I don’t know.” John said slowly, biting his lip to keep from laughing himself. “If anyone could pull it off, it’d be you.”
“Completely, one hundred percent yours.” Sherlock whispered against John’s lips, his eyes still closed. He was John’s, he was completely John’s. They didn’t need any paper or name change to prove that they belonged to each other, but soon – in just over a month – soon they would have those too. Soon they’d have it all. “I love you, John. You know that, right? I love you so much.”
“Her husband’s sister clearly resented the fact that the victim was making her move out of what used to be her and her brother’s flat. She put the cyanide in the victim’s coffee, and tried to mask the taste with almond milk. I suspect it’s been going on for a while, based off the banding on the victims nails. Probably the sister-in-law got tired of waiting, and gave her a larger dose today. Test the coffee to confirm, and question the sister-in-law.” Sherlock says in a flourish
If John could keep one image with him for eternity, it would be the look of relief and smile spread across Sherlock’s face. Everything about that man was breathtaking. John grinned inwardly, knowing that it was ok to think things like that now.
Just a little longer and then it was finally going to be over. Sherlock took a deep breath and, earning a small squeeze of reassurance, slid his hand into John’s.
“John, you’re being ridiculous again,” Sherlock sniffed, wiping the tears from his eyes – surely a result of all the flowers in the vicinity, and not an overabundance of emotions coursing through his body. “As if there was any chance I would turn you down. As if I could ever say no.”
“Why is it that I’m always the one carrying you?” John asked breathlessly, still holding Sherlock tight. “You’re nearly a foot taller than me.”
“I never told you where I live, so how is it that you showed up on my doorstep?” Sherlock could hear the smile in John’s voice. That was good, clearly he wasn’t bothered, though Sherlock doubted John would have gone to dinner and returned home with him if he was.
John’s reverie was broken by Sherlock’s voice coming from the sitting room. “John, come in here. I want you to take a look at something and tell me what you see.”
“I know. I thought inviting fewer people would mean it would take less time greeting and thanking them for coming.” John sighed. So far Mike and his wife, Becca, and Sarah and Drew had welcomed them to the bliss that was marriage; Bill had decided since he was the one who got John out that night, he deserved all the credit for them getting together; Molly and Greg had promised to save them some interesting specimens and cases – as unfeasible as that probably was – for when they returned from their honeymoon; and Mrs. Hudson had been ‘so happy for her boys,’ she hugged them  so tight that John thought it wise to check them both over for cracked ribs. But John couldn’t complain, his friends were happy for him, for him and Sherlock, and that made an already perfect day even better.
Standing atop a small box, a champagne flute of water in one hand, Harry Watson addressed the small group of people. “A lot of you already know me, but for those of you who don’t, I’m Harry Watson, big sister of Groom One, aka The Short One, aka John.”
“And earlier, when you saw me fall…” Sherlock’s eyes grow wide, the light appearing to have finally dawned on him, “you were scared, you didn’t know if I was alright or not, and you thought…”
As if of their own accord, John’s eyes eventually found the dark haired man again, still in the middle of the dance floor, still mesmerizing. While he’s in the middle of a sea of other dancers, completely surrounded, John noted that the man was alone; people approached him, and he ignored them. Lost to the music, his eyes closed, head thrown back, exposing a long, pale throat, his body moving in perfect sync with the beat, the man was completely wrapped in his own world.
“You can’t deny that Sherlock. You can’t deny what we have, so stop trying. Please don’t do this to us,” John whispers.
, so he should be grateful and forget about him. Forgetting about Sherlock proved easier said than done.
“So, are you going to tell me what all that was about?” John asked a few minutes later, after he’d cleaned up the landing and finished giving Sherlock’s leg a once over. Sherlock’s leg really was fine.
– Sherlock.” John gasped as Sherlock tore his mouth away, breaking the searing kiss, and latched on to his neck. “What are we –
For only the second time that evening, Sherlock paused and his mind raced. Was he a top or a bottom? Normally when given a choice, he tended to bottom, and probably nine times out of ten ended up bottoming, but was he really a bottom? Did he want to bottom now, for Jack? The last time… John had been the last man inside him. Did he really want…
“In my defense, and I’m not trying to excuse my actions,” Sherlock added quickly, “I never intended to read your messages. I was already looking and had read it before I realized what I was doing. That doesn’t change the fact that I did it, but I am sorry.”
After that, everything that followed felt almost like a blur. Positions switched – oh yes, Sherlock spread out beneath him, that was more like it – and shirts lost to frantic hands, John finally –
Arm still in a sling, John had been deemed healed enough to return to school after two and a half weeks recuperating at home. There was practically no time left in the term, and the school had already worked out an independent study scheme, but John wanted to do something to feel normal again. There were rumors,
“He was probably off strangling small animals or something.” Sebastian continued, laughing at his own joke. “Anyway, that’s when we jumped him. He actually tried to fight back, actually managed to scratch Eddie. But he couldn’t fight long. It’s kind of difficult with a foot in your gut.” At this point, John was seething. But he kept his mouth shut and maintained his composure, had was just going to let this bastard dig himself and his friends deeper “We told him he might as well just leave school now, because no one wanted him around. Warned him too, told him that anytime we see him, we’d make sure he knew just how unwanted he is.”
The next few hours that passed were fairly uneventful. Once his phone was charged, John engaged in a rather lengthy, and rather hushed, phone conversation. Most likely his friend from the night before, given the number of times John assured the person on the other end that he was still alive and
“Yes, that too, but I was thinking more along the lines of getting something to eat. Breakfast was hours ago, and we just burned a lot of calories.” And as if on cue, John’s stomach rumbled.
“It’s not my fault I needed a lie-in,” Sherlock grinned, stretching before rolling on top of John, “this incredibly fit footballer thoroughly wore me out last night.”
It was ridiculous; Sherlock never had problems getting people to speak to him before. Suspects, witnesses, victim’s families, Sherlock could walk up, spin a story, and be invited in for tea within minutes. And that was the problem, he spun stories, he lied to get his way, and it worked, but Sherlock couldn’t lie to John. He wanted something real, and he couldn’t get that by deceiving him. Sherlock had to do it honestly, and honestly, he had nothing.
“I love you too,” John whispered, wrapping his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulling him down in to a rough kiss. “So perfect,” he moaned when Sherlock snapped his hips, forcing John in deeper, “so fucking perfect. My perfect –
“Yep! Oh, and make sure to order a bottle of Champagne and something sweet for dessert. We’re celebrating, after all.”
“Don’t apologize, it’s true. Lestrade told me that he’s now in custody, and I’m fine – give or take – so I’d say that’s a win.”
“At least once… I need you close tonight… at least this once.” John was babbling, kissing Sherlock the entire time.
“No, no I’m sure. Sherlock Holmes, I know that I love you, that I am in love with you. I love you, my brilliant, gorgeous, funny, impossible Bumble. I love you so much, I’m positively barking for you.”
“The problem,” John said, cupping Sherlock’s cheek, “is that there’s definitely something on your mind, and it’s not making me tea, or us making love. Come on Bumblebee, tell me what’s going on up there?” he asked, brushing the curls away from Sherlock’s temple.
“I really shouldn't be letting two twenty year old kids run free through my crime scene.” The DI says, making no move to stop Sherlock.
God, it was fun to tease Sherlock, and John was going to get to tease him for the rest of their lives.
to each other. They took each other, and gave themselves to each other, over and over. They worshipped each other’s bodies with hands and mouths; touching, feeling, learning every inch of each other. John brought him to the edge over and over again, only to back off until just the right moment. He built, controlled, and intensified Sherlock’s need. Over and over again, John surrendered himself to Sherlock, and made Sherlock his. The night was filled with the sounds of their coupling, names chanted against sweat soaked skin, moans of undeniable ecstasy that tore though Sherlock’s body. John held him before, during, and after, calmed him, soothed him, and cared for him; which brought them to this moment of pure contentment.
“John,” Sherlock swallowed, nervously, “you’re here.” How much had John heard? Judging by the stony-faced stare he was aiming at Theo, probably most, if not all of it. God, what could he be thinking?
“Nice to meet you. I’m … ah… I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t mean to get in your way.” John apologized.
“Same thing as last time, to see how you’re doing. Your eye’s looking better.” The swelling had gone down and the bruise was starting transition from a bluish-purple to a more yellow color. Still, it was a nasty sight.
There are a few things I truly love in life, drinking Dr. Pepper, cuddling with soft grey creature, and reader comments and corrections. Well, I just opened up a Dr. Pepper, and there's a little grey dude next to me, so I guess that last part's up to you!!
Sherlock tried again… and again, and each time his elbow remained in place, and each time John’s grip held fast.
“But I wasn’t right there, was I? I got held up, I only got here in time to see you toppling out of sight. And all for a stupid necklace, no less. Do you know what that was like, to stand there and watch your best friend falling and there being nothing you could do about it?” John felt sick at just the thought.
Think. He needed to think. He had an extraordinary mind; if he used it, he could find a way to fix everything. He just needed to think. He’d have asked Mrs. Hudson, but she left for her sisters that morning – really inconvenient that. What would she suggest? Apologize, obviously, but he couldn’t just say “Sorry, John. I was rude” and leave it at that.
Sherlock vision began to blur as he felt his eyes prickle, this was definitely a dream. “I love… I love everything about you too, even the annoying, ‘we should be careful’ and ‘cadavers need to stay in the anatomy lab’ parts of you.”
John debates going after Sherlock, begging him to come back and admit he was lying. But instead he stays put.  As John stands in his sitting room, after laying his heart on the line, and watching the man he loves walk out of his life, the tears begin to fall.
“Really, you mark your boss with a GF before her name? I’m not an idiot. Though I must commend you, I didn’t read adulterer on you. It’s very rare I miss something like that, so congratulations.”
“I was… I was hoping you’d say that.” John looked down at his feet, not meeting Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock wasn’t sure what he would have done if John had been looking at him. “I’ll just go and RSVP now,” he grinned. “This will be good, this will be fun.”
“Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. We were told Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were brought here… Oh Katherine! Where are they? Where’s my Sherlock?”
What was more difficult to ignore was the conversation Molly decided to strike up, now that the silence had been broken.
“Have dinner with me. Dinner is a normal date activity, right? And conversation… conversation can be fun –”
“Right, so what was it that you noticed about me that told you ‘almost everything you needed to know’?” Asked John, complete with air quotes. How did this marvel of a man know so much about him?
“I thought that was you. It’s been ages, far too long. Mind if I sit down?” Theo Fuller grinned, and not waiting for an answer, took the seat opposite Sherlock.
“John,” Sherlock said after the kiss broke a few moments later, “let’s never move from this couch. Let’s stay here forever.”
It felt like when she held him through the night after Redbeard died, only this time Sherlock felt as though his entire heart was missing. He felt tears start to prickle in the corner of his eyes, but he couldn’t allow himself to think John was gone for good. John couldn’t be gone.
"The last time I brought a stranger home for a one-night stand,” he sighed, remembering that night nearly three years ago, “there was a massive snowstorm. We got stuck inside together for the entire weekend.”
John nearly toppled over as he instinctively tried to follow Sherlock. Dear lord, he had survived a war zone, He was not going to let some gorgeous posh thing get the better of him in a night club in London.
And suddenly picture after picture of John and Sherlock kissing was projected on the wall. There were so many pictures; if played fast enough, it would almost look like a video. John had relived that evening over and over in his mind to get him through this ordeal, but to see it projected in front of him, to know they were being watched, to see it used like this, gave him chills. John felt ill.
“Ahh, finally got rid of that annoying buzzing” Moriarty sighed. “And that’s what he is, an insect just buzzing around. You’re the flavor of the week, something he can try once and be done with. And he will be done with you eventually, he’ll grow tired of you.  Years from now he can laugh and tell his little wife of his experimental phase where he tried it on with a bloke. And then where will you be?”
"Because,” Sherlock purred. God that voice, “when you drip something on yourself, and you will drip something on yourself, I get to be the one to lick it off.”
He nearly managed to finish typing up a new post for his blog when his eyes suddenly grew unbearably heavy. He set the computer aside and fell asleep before he’d even had time to properly lie down.
Sherlock froze in the midst of pulling the covers across his body, face the purest picture of utter shock.
Sherlock lets out a low moan and slumps further into his chair as John sucks and kisses down his neck, leaving large red marks in his wake. John moves back to Sherlock’s mouth and they kiss until their lips are bright and swollen, their breathing coming out in sporadic huffs of desperate breath and then suddenly it’s not enough and John wants
“Friends,” Sherlock said, testing the word on his tongue. He found he didn’t hate it as much as he thought he would.
Sherlock’s head appeared at the top of his coat, like a gopher popping out of its hole. “How would you know?”
“Oh, thank you dear.” The woman sniffled and pulled out a handkerchief to gingerly dab at her eyes with.
He took once last glance at Sherlock– no, William’s body before heading towards the door of the morgue himself, something sitting heavy in the pit of his stomach.
“It’s my bed, actually,” Sherlock notes. “And I’m checking on you. Making sure you’re still breathing.”
He intends to just check his email, he really does, but when he opens the laptop and the screen flickers to life, the document that has been previously left open catches his attention. The title written across the top in large, bold block letters reads
The man blinked sharply, his eyes narrowing in on Sherlock like death itself. “I’ll burn you,” he hissed.
“That’s quite enough of that,” John breathes as he leans forward and presses his lips to Sherlock’s. He pulls back when Sherlock stills under him, worried he’s been imaging the signs over the past few weeks, but then Sherlock’s hands are in his hair and he’s pulling John back down and smashing their lips unceremoniously together. They kiss and kiss and kiss and then they kiss some more and John relishes in the slide of lips and tongue and teeth, exploring every inch of Sherlock’s mouth.
Instead, he became locked in a rather unusual staring contest of sorts with Sherlock, the detective’s piercing gaze boring directly into his very soul and surely deducing far more than John had intended.
“Victim died from poisoning. Snake venom. I believe Lestrade will find the boyfriend has a snake. He thought she was cheating on him, he killed her out of jealousy.” Sherlock paused, eyes locking intently onto John’s. “Love is a strange thing, John,” he said softly.
Sherlock removed himself from his coat only as much as was needed to drink the tea John offered him.
The two of them watched in silent awe as Sherlock examined the body, wordlessly gathering evidence in his mind and unraveling theories. He rose with a slight uncharacteristic grimace, stretched his back with feline grace then flitted off, presumably to piece together the last of the evidence.
“I just got here,” Lestrade explained. He paused, hesitating before speaking again, his tone grim. “It’s this way.”
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” the doctor asked him as he pulled up the plastic chair to Sherlock’s bedside.
skin that he can. Then he trails his slender fingers across John’s chest in a reverent, exploratory manner, mapping as much bare skin as John’s open nightshirt will allow.
Mrs. Hudson squeezed his arm in a comforting gesture of approval and John read aloud to Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock, recounting the unforgettable story of how a remarkable detective had faked his death in order to protect his friends. Unfortunately, that was a story comprised of pure fiction in their world.
Once they were back in hotel room twenty-one, John forced himself to focus as Sherlock laid out the contents of the suitcase across the small couch then stepped back, steepling his fingers under his chin as he studied them.
They fell onto the bed, limbs tangling together, hands and mouths exploring any flushed skin they could reach. Sherlock hauled John on top him, slotting their hips together and–
Sherlock blinked, his eyes glazing over slightly as though his brain had just undergone a massive malfunction and subsequently experienced a temporary shut down. Just as soon as it had appeared, the look was gone, replaced by the usual visage Sherlock wore, hiding his feelings from the world. Only John had been lucky enough to be offered the occasional, treasured glimpse at what was hidden behind the mask. He quite liked what he saw there.
John’s hands pushed the Bestaff from Sherlock’s shoulders and it fell to the ground in a plume of expensive wool. Sherlock somehow managed to press even further against John without breaking the door behind them clean off its hinges—Mrs. Hudson would certainly not be pleased about that. In order to avoid such an unfortunate situation, John pushed firmly against Sherlock’s chest until they were backing down the hall towards Sherlock’s bedroom. They managed to stumble their way down the hall without separating their lips, only running into a wall once—okay, twice—divesting themselves of various articles of clothing as they went.
Sherlock was nearly asleep when John returned and placed the blanket across the bed, tucking the corners around Sherlock to keep the heat in. Sherlock burrowed deep under the blankets, clinging to them as though his very life depended on it.
John raised his eyebrows. That was probably about as much of an answer he’d be getting out of Sherlock, even though it was as equally helpful to John as someone dumping a couple hundred chickens into his lap.
“I’ll check it out, you stay hidden,” John said, heading to the door. He poked his head out just in time to see the same group of men who’d walked through the lobby earlier just down the hall, forcing their way into every room. Not good.
By the time they’d arrived at the crime scene—which just so happened to be outdoors—Sherlock’s nose and cheeks had turned a shade of pink far brighter than the weather warranted, and he’d sneezed six more times, each with increasing force.
In another world, perhaps things could have been quite different for Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
John startled awake what was likely a few hours later, judging by the moonlight streaming in through the windows of the flat. Sherlock was still curled up against John’s side, his dark curls tickling John’s cheek where they brushed against it. John gently attempted to extricate himself from the tangle of Sherlock’s limbs without waking him.
“Not your... fault,” John croaked. He gave Sherlock a small smile. His fingers loosened around Sherlock’s hand. “No regrets,” he rasped. Sherlock let out a small huff and buried his face in John’s neck, being careful not to jostle him too much.
“I am now,” John says, still a bit breathless. He licks his lips. The taste of Sherlock still lingers there. Sherlock’s eyes dart to his mouth for a moment before returning to stare at the sheets.
“Thanks again, dear,” she paused. “Say, you wouldn’t happen to be looking for a place to live, would you?”
“Would someone care to explain what is going on?” Sherlock asked, directing his question accusatorily towards Lestrade and Anderson.
went directly southwards in a rush of heat. There was a gasp from somewhere near the doorway, but neither man took much notice.
large and sharp-looking knife. One that even John would struggle to remove from the man’s grip. The amount of drugs Marcus currently has running through his body are also no help, making him even stronger and faster and far more dangerous than John would like.
The covers rustled and the bed dipped slightly as Sherlock shifted closer until his chest was pressed up against John’s side, his head coming to rest on John’s shoulder. The top of Sherlock’s sleep-tousled curls tickled as they brushed against John’s cheek, although John found he didn’t mind the sensation.
This Sherlock is rather different, John thinks: incongruent to the tall, confident, looming man who’d been present for the past few weeks, subtly—and also not-so-subtly—finding excuses to touch him. It had driven John completely and utterly insane. So much so that John ‘I’m definitely not gay’ Watson is currently shagging his very male flatmate, and quite exuberantly, at that. This man beneath him could barely function, struggled to form full sentences—and whole words, for that matter. In fact, from the way he kept gasping and sighing and panting, it seemed he was even struggling to do something so simple as breathe.
Sherlock’s lips were a hair’s breadth away from meeting John’s when the magistrate’s voice cut through the emotional fog clouding John’s mind. “We’re not quite there yet!”
Sherlock didn’t even bother opening his eyes; he had just settled himself on the couch, legs stretched out, and his hands steepled under his chin. “It would appear so.”
Mrs. Hudson of course, didn’t seem phased in the slightest, and continued on talking. “John seems so nice; he would be so good for you. Why won’t you at least try to patch things up with him?”
John had him pinned to the bed and writhing. Head thrown back against the pillow, eyes screwed shut, sweat plastering dark curls to his forehead; Sherlock was the most gorgeous thing John had ever seen, completely debauched, gasping for air and screaming
“You’ve never given me reason not to.” John said quietly. “So don’t give me one now.” He added with a half-hearted laugh.
It was the active crimes that helped the most. There was far less time to dwell on unwanted feelings when there were bodies to examine, evidence to collect and test, suspects to chase, and Anderson to snipe at. However, active investigations did not stop the pang Sherlock felt when he realized just how much he wanted a medical consultant on hand.
They traded a few more slow kisses and lazy touches, until Sherlock finally succumbed to sleep, wrapped in John’s arms, lulled by his steady heartbeat and deep, even breathing. For the first time in a very long time, Sherlock felt safe and warm. For the first time in a very long time, he was truly content.
“Cops won’t know we’re down here.” Seb muttered, looking away and up towards the ladder and trap door leading to what Sherlock assumed was the rest of the building.
To put it lightly, the process of getting Sherlock up to his flat – to their flat, John had to keep reminding himself it was now his flat too – was slow going. Mrs. Hudson went ahead, while John stayed behind the detective, should he start to fall, as Sherlock manipulated his crutches on the stairs, taking them one step at a time. It took nearly two full minutes for him to navigate the seventeen steps, and though he tried to hide it, but the end he look out of breath and exhausted.
No, no matter how much he may have wished to the contrary, and despite what may have played out in his head during the darker, quieter, hours of the night, he and John were not engaging in that kind of activity. He was, however, back to nearly his regular level of casework for the Met, and even though John was still doing most of the heavy lifting and leg work, Sherlock was more active than he’d been in months. The crutches were long gone, and when they went out, all Sherlock used was a cane, and even then, he only had it as a safety persuasion, just in case he needed the support. Still, their little role reversal, John now chasing after criminals while Sherlock had the cane, was something John found unendingly funny. Well, John could tease him all he wanted, the cane would be a thing of the past soon enough.
John rolled his eyes. “Oh I’m sure. Listen, if you’re not going to report this, you could let me help you out.”
John snorted. “Pretty sure I know what siblings I have, and I’ve only ever had a sister.” A genuine smile finally crossing his face after all the forced ones during Mrs. Hudson’s questioning.
“Oh right, sorry!” Sherlock said, scrambling to detangle himself and stand up. He refused to acknowledge the pang of disappointment that accompanied the loss of that closeness.
trust issues?!” That was ridiculous. Sure John wasn’t the most open person, but that had nothing to do with what happened between him and Sherlock.
New feelings emerge and are realized as John and Sherlock grow closer, and their lives begin to intertwine.
As expected, new leads were too much to hope for. A few days earlier, one of Sherlock’s homeless contacts had found John’s laptop in a skip in Battersea, completely wiped. And after a bit of bribery, Sherlock was able to get his contact to turn it into the police. Well, Sherlock turned to the police only after his father caught him trying to use government resources to analyze and recover any data.  The analysis was back, and yet again, the Yard was able to get nothing. The hard drive was wiped completely blank
“Well I wanted to know how the hearing went. John texted me, but I wanted specifics. That was as good a time as any.” Mike shrugged. They were already late, so a few more minutes wouldn’t have hurt anyone. Mike didn’t understand why Becca would even care.
Sherlock didn’t need to think long to figure out exactly what he was going to share with John; it was obvious really, and it actually spoke partially to why he acted the way he did. The funny thing was, the thought of letting John know that part of him, it didn’t worry him. If Sherlock was being honest, he actually wanted John to know. Now, just to figure out the peace offering.
“I don’t… I don’t know. What do you mean?” Seriously, how had this session become all about Sherlock?
They fell silent after that, wrapped in each other’s arms. John eventually fell asleep, but Sherlock fought to stay awake. He watched John’s even breathing, his chest rising and falling; he needed to feel John alive and solid, under his finger tips.
The series of events that followed, occurred so fast, Sherlock didn’t even have time to properly process them. Seb’s legs gave out – thanks to John bringing down a sharp blow to Seb’s shin – the gun fired, Seb collapsed on the ground, unconscious, and John stumbled backwards, letting out an almost inaudible cry.
“Good, because Sherlock,” John said quietly, gently pulling Sherlock face to meet his, “I find that I’m experiencing some exceedingly fond feelings for you too”
As a doctor, John knew that people went into cardiac arrest and were successfully resuscitated all the time, but none of that mattered. Sherlock had died, no matter how briefly, Sherlock had died. For that brief amount of time, John had lost Sherlock.
“Mmmm, yes.” Sherlock hummed, his hands coming to cover John’s, “I, however, am anything but, so come morning, please forgive me should I give into some of my better demons.”
“Hmmmm, I love it when you think rationally. I love everything about you, but especially when you think rationally.” Sherlock murmured softly, rolling them so he lay on top of John, and lowered his head for long, lazy, drawn out kisses. John loved Sherlock’s slow, post-sex kisses. John loved all of Sherlock’s kisses, but there was just something about the way he kissed him after sex, like nothing else in the world mattered but them and the slow, gentle drag of lips against lips.
He leaned forward, his lips brushing John’s ear. “No, let me.” He whispered, sending shivers down John’s spine. Unable to speak, John only nodded.
“Yes, alright, fine.” John relented, letting out a deep breath, his shoulders relaxing. “I’ll at least go with you tomorrow and have a look. No guarantees.”
Sherlock pulled away at that, and fixed John with a stare John guessed was supposed to be intimidating, but with his blown pupils and kiss reddened lips, Sherlock couldn’t quite pull it off. “You were hoping
“Yeah, right, ok.” John closed his eyes to better picture the man, he really did only get a glimpse. “Well, he was maybe mid to late forties. He looked clean, he was dressed casually but it didn’t look like he was sleeping rough, or anything. Stocky, maybe two or three inches taller than me. Balding, reddish-brown, kinda brassy hair. Oh, and he had a goatee.”
The nightmares, of course she was going to bring up the nightmares. Of course he still had the nightmares, not every night, not anymore, but still all too often he found himself on surrounded by sand and the cries of the men he couldn’t save. Though… though there had been a change, hadn’t there? The nightmares came less often, and then there was…
“Can’t figure it out yourself? Alright, I guess I’ll tell you how I did it,” John teased. “After being with you for over a year, I can recognize a bespoke suit when I see one, and that was not a quality suit. Plus, I’ve repaired enough of my own clothes, to notice an amateur stitch-job.”
“Wait.” Sherlock draped an arm across John’s waist, stopping him from slipping out of the bed. “Can we… for just a bit… can you just stay here, like this?” He sounded so small, John’s chest actually ached. And in that moment, John knew there was nothing he could ever refuse the man in his arms. Whatever John could give, he would give to Sherlock; if Sherlock wanted to use his chest as a pillow, if he wanted John’s arms around him, then so be it.
Ah yes, John remembers: Sherlock burned a hole through his mattress—not exactly conducive to what he had planned to do there. He shifts course seamlessly and starts guiding Sherlock to the stairs, although at this point he’s practically dragging the man. With a small chuckle, John picks up Sherlock, one hand on either of his thighs, encouraging them to wrap around his waist and starts making his way up the stairs to his bedroom. Sherlock is by no means heavy, but he’s also not light, and John stumbles twice but it doesn’t matter because Sherlock is nibbling at his ear and John can feel his heart pounding wildly against Sherlock’s where their chests are pressed together.
“Christ, Sherlock–” John suddenly became all too aware of the copious number of eyes on the two of them, suspicions probably growing by the moment.
The fourth night, after he’d actually managed to fall asleep before midnight, he is awoken with a start by something. As he quickly finds out, that something turns out to be an abundant litany of smoke being inhaled into his nostrils. John coughs and sits up, instantly wide awake.
As it turned out, it took a total of sixteen officers—not including Lestrade—to successfully subdue the four highly trained men just outside the hotel.
Once all of John’s still slightly damp clothing has been deposited on the bathroom floor, Sherlock takes him by the arms and tries to help him step into the bathtub. John stills him with a hand pressed to the detective’s chest. He lets his fingers wander until they’re tugging at the top button of Sherlock’s shirt.
Sherlock made very little protest as John led him by the arm down the hallway to his bedroom—another testament as to just how ill he truly was feeling.
But no matter now, Sherlock supposed. What’s done is done. It is what it is, he thought bitterly. What it is was truly shit, but they had somehow managed to make it through to the other side, alive and well—not exactly well, but most definitely alive. Him and John. His blogger. His best friend. His other half. His– well, if he was being honest with himself—something he did so rarely—his everything. Sherlock’s entire world stopped and started with one John Watson. And yes, somehow his brilliant, beautiful, strong, and wise blogger was still by his side, after everything Sherlock had put him through—inadvertently or otherwise. He was still there, and Sherlock suspected he always would be.
Mrs. Hudson beamed at John. “Except that one time he got into my herbal soothers. That was a particularly rough patch,” she remarked.
John does not miss the insinuations behind the intonation of Sherlock’s voice that have exactly nothing to do with John’s professional, doctory touch and everything to do with something entirely different. And despite every rational instinct in his mind screaming at him to stop. To step away. To not let this go any further, he settles down in the unnecessarily small space Sherlock has cleared for him on the edge of the couch and reaches out.
