"I don't either." Her tone was soft, quiet. They both knew the dangers of The Life all too well, seen it firsthand one too many times, risked their lives for the good of everyone else, and for what? The constant near-death experiences? Kidnappings? Torture? Watching those closest to you endure the same? It wasn't a life that anyone wanted.
Wade knew that Tony'd put the kid down more than once over something like this, even if he didn't mean to. He knew that Peter was fucking terrified of Tony Stark. Wade just didn't know why. He'd understand if Peter was afraid of the little redhead or even the dude with the badass metal arm, or even Captain fucking America because Christ, his muscles are threatening.
Bucky almost wanted to smile, not just because the boy had taken on and added all of the last names to his own, but the fact that he was using his passport number in place of a serial number. But hearing the boy's hoarse voice made him go back to being worried instead.
"Peter!" He blinked and saw that he was pressed between Wade and a concrete wall. Wade's eyes searched Peter's face. "Petey are you with me?"
Wade leaned up and brushed his nose across Peter's jaw. The younger boy shivered and gripped tightly onto Wade's shoulders.
Peter already needed him, frantically yearning to keep Wade inside of him for as long as possible. He never wanted to lose this feeling he oh so desperately craved. He was obsessed with the feeling that fucking Wade brought to him. The carnal, animalistic desire to be pinned down and stretched open by Wade's monster cock was now stuck in his mind. He wanted to be the best Wade's ever had, and he wanted Wade to be the only one he'll ever have.
And for some reason, despite all he'd been through in the last months... no, year? How long had it really been? He was no longer sure, though, he'd barely been sure in the first place. He glanced to a large doorway across the room where he saw May and The Soldier standing together, just watching... Which, would be absolutely terrifying if they were real. Though Peter supposed it should be scarier to him that they aren't real. It meant that he was starting to slip, which was bad. Every time he saw them he felt safe and peaceful, but in the back of his mind, he wanted to dig into his wrists and pull his own veins out for being stuck with them and the things they represent.
That's what he was doing now. Sitting with Tony in his lab watching over the last known footage of May. They'd combed through 62 hours of footage so far, and there was no sign so far of what happened to her... Until Tony paused the bit of footage he was looking at on his laptop. You could see the conflict on his face.
There was a long moment of silence and when he looked down his hands were covered in blood and he whimpered as he tried to rub it off. He looked back up at her but now she was smiling, except it was an evil smile. It held no kindness. It held something else Peter didn't want to acknowledge... It held hatred.
Peter's Spidey-Senses were tingling like crazy. Someone was going to die. Death was the last thing he needed right now.
"So I found some houses in Brooklyn and Queens... There's some really nice houses in Brooklyn. There's a couple of nice ones I thought you and Bucky might like. Big kitchens, lots of bedrooms." Tony pointed to a wall where Friday projected the photos of the homes. Steve paid close attention now, wondering just how far this conversation would go.
Mr. Stark asked if everything he'd bought was enough or if there was more he was looking to get today. Peter told him that he had all he needed for now and then Mr. Stark took him to Ikea to look at Vanity options. They'd looked at some ideas and Tony said he'd put something together to surprise him, and Peter said okay.
He swept over the bottom floor before slowly and silently making his way up a flight of bloodied metal stairs. With his shield still raised, he rounded a corner. Somewhere not far off he could hear quiet grunting and cursing. He furrowed his brows and advanced farther down the hallway.
Bucky only wasted 15 minutes after Peter's hour was up, and that time was spent gathering weapons and calling Steve to go with him. The little dot had been frozen on the map for too long now. Something had to be more than wrong.
He didn't want to respond, but the answer was clear, beating itself off of the inside of his skull waiting to be let out like a lion in a cage. "It's mine..."
Then, just a couple of seconds before someone entered the room, he'd snap out of it and become that same bubbly, optimistic teenager everyone knew him to be. It was almost like the old Peter was just a part that he played to please everyone around him. Tony read the articles, he knew the statistics. He knew all the rates of teenage anxiety and depression. He knew all the calculations and he knew all the signs of each little illness inside of Peter. He saw every little tell and tick that the poor kid tried to pack away into the instability trunk he'd hidden away.
Knowing he'd receive no verbal answer, he hung up and put his phone down. Less than a minute later a text from a blocked number came through with a time and place to meet for an additive serum to repair Peter's healing abilities. Three days from now, high noon, just a few blocks from here. Then, he'd be able to fix Peter's healing ability back to normal and hopefully wouldn't have to deal with anything like this again.
Steve looked nice enough, but his biceps were a bit threatening. Peter was pretty sure that one of the girls started to cry because Steve gave them the American Dad Seal of Disapproval™. That's what Ned called that look, and he wasn't exactly wrong.
Bucky was a different man as he fought a path through the Agents around them. He wasn't himself, it was plain to see that as of this moment, there was more of the Soldier in him than there had been in months. It would be a lie if Bucky said that having him settled just beneath the surface was a bad thing in this instance. The Soldier was the other side of him that didn't care about hurting people, and that's who he needed to be right now.
(this is only part 1 and I'm so sorry it's so short I just can't keep track of myself, I'm kinda losing my shit here and I can't make myself focus on trying to write anything right now, i'm so sorry I'll do better on the next one.)
The walls here weren't soundproof though, so everyone would need to be considerate of everyone else. A loud truck was heard outside and when they looked, Tony was getting out of the passenger's side with some other agents. Tony asked them which part would be Peter's, so he could install all of the good equipment for the kid, and well, them too. Another truck pulled up, with contractors, supplies. Carrying the quickest things to fix, like the sinks and outlets.
He's sure Peter would rather die than let anyone else get hurt, especially Stark, but again, only so much to be done.
Peter sat down on the bed in his room. Nothing in this room was his, nothing made this feel like a home. On the wall was an empty corkboard with some pins though, so Peter pinned up the ultrasound photo and then sat back down. This was gonna be a lot to get used to, that was for sure.
They shook their heads and informed him that they sent Ned home at the same time that they made everyone else leave, and that he'd come by in the morning when he had money for a cab. Wade nodded and stood, taking this moment while Peter was still to talk to the girls. He pointed to the closet.
The last time he was here, it was cold and dark. A draft came through the poorly sealed windows and the door rattled with every gust of wind. He didn't remember why he was drawn to the place, but he remembered the feeling in his heart. The dark, throbbing despair that ached with every beat of his heart and filled his veins with ice-cold water. He remembers the way that The Winter Soldier made his way through the apartment. He was slow, eyes accustomed to the darkness that engulfed him. He let his eyes flick over each object in the small space but froze when his eyes landed on a photo.
"I'm very busy lately, Peter. I've been doing a lot of stuff, I wouldn't have the time to look after you in the way that you need me to."
Peter's brows furrowed and Wade shook his head. Peter said nothing else about it but bit his lip, anxiously awaiting Wade's response. Wade told him that they ought to at least put away all of his new gifts, so they at least had access to the bed, and Peter thought it was a good idea. Together, they cleaned back up. Wade put the new clothes into Peter's drawers and Peter carried his products into the bathroom in armfuls, silently vowing to organize it all later.
He couldn't stop thinking about what Peter's note to him said. He ran a hand through his hair and began muttering to himself. "Because I know what they say? What does that mean?"
The names 'Fitzpatrick, Mary' and 'Cpt. Parker, Richard' stared back at Peter. He clicked on the folder that bore his father's name and dozens of extra things popped up onto the screen. Photos, summaries, mission reports, recruitment reports signed by Nick Fury. Every other page was stamped with the official seal of the C.I.A.
Back at the apartment, Bucky was an inconsolable wreck, and Steve couldn't quite calm him down. Every time that he got close, Bucky blew up again, yelling about how badly he deserved to be in cryo or even dead for the things that he did.
Peter was not, however, bullet fast. And these men had guns. Like, big guns. Like they had guns the size of Peter's leg and it was exciting but so scary at the same time.
He's silent for a moment, not sure of what to say. When he came back from Hydra the last time, sleeping wasn't an option. He felt he'd been asleep too long as it was, so he blatantly refused to go to bed until he passed out from exhaustion. Even at that, he never slept for long due to the dreams, or well, memories of the things he'd done coming back to haunt him.
"It wasn't my fault!" He cried. His watch was going crazy and the light bar in his room was flashing like some demonic disco.
Tony knew this was his place, on his knees in front of a powerful man like Bucky, or maybe just Bucky period. He'd fallen more out of love with Bucky and the others and now saw it more as lust holding him to the group. Steve would be heartbroken, he thinks, but it's for the best that he leaves them.
It was like something in him, in them, snapped into place and the panic was replaced by worry. Why was he strapped down? How long had they been here? Where was here? Was Peter okay?
Peter went to his room and stripped out of his hoodie and suit. He could see the bloodstain. He tossed his clothes onto the floor and went into the bathroom.
And she greeted him with much less than a hello, instead answering the door with a glare and a sharp snap of, "What have you done to my son?"
And Wade raised a hairless brow and asked what the boy had in mind, and when he was given the answer, he laughed, "Well, it is chapter 69."
"It's for your arm... I thought you might like having the power to be able to fix it yourself sometimes..." Peter said sheepishly.
He pressed light kisses to Peter's neck and jaw, and the more he did it, the more Peter relaxed into his touch. He began to slide his fingers under Peter's shirt. Peter shivered above him once more, and all Wade could do was smirk as his scarred fingers ghosted across Peter's smooth skin.
"It's hard to breathe," Bucky mumbled. Steve wasn't sure if it was because of the dust or because of the memories, but he agreed and wiggled open the squeaking windows. Slowly, they started to clean up. They dusted and swept and washed all day. This apartment only had one bedroom, which had been fine then, but now it was... Still fine, because they owned the whole building. Peter could have his own 'room' and all of the privacy he could want.
With a shake of his head and a sigh, he kept heading towards his destination. He found himself on one of the streets he'd walked with Peter, and if he remembers correctly, this is where Peter had his panic attack... It's weird to think that was only a few days ago, and so much has already changed. Not just for the two of them, but for everyone.
He looked to the table where the cryotube sat. Etched into the side was a code... CX4376. "Of course I do..."
Peter wasn't even concerned with how Wade was here, or how he escaped. All he was concerned with was picking up his books and getting the hell out of there as fast as humanly possible.
Now, Bucky Barnes had been intimate with plenty of men and women alike. He also used to have a younger sibling, and he was in the military, so if there's one thing he knows how to handle, it's an immature brat with an attitude... Which meant he knew just how to deal with Stark.
God, if Peter ever found out about this, he'd kill Wade for sure... 'That's why he's not ever going to find out, idiot.' One of the voices said. The other just laughed, well, at least he thought it was laughter. 'He's never going to find out. He trusts you, Wade, and that was his mistake. I can't believe he didn't think you'd betray him, after all, you are the bad guy here.'
"If you want to keep looking, that's fine, but you need your rest. You don't want to get sleep deprived and miss something important."
He told her to wait, and that she could call the police as soon as he'd finished putting the fear of god into these kids. The fact that they were near adults that somehow found amusement in drugging underage kids at parties was disgusting, and if it weren't for Peter laying on the floor and looking up at Wade like he were a complete saint, none of these kids would still be breathing.
"You know more about hiding than I do." Is all Peter says as he presses a few buttons and pulls both triggers at the same time. There's a small hissing noise and then the cell opens.
When he was pushed into his cell that night, the cold overtook him... Some thought in his mind appeared, information from a class he once attended. Somehow he knew that his wounds would not heal in the slightest in the cold, and here they were open to being infected. He was never given the means to dress his wounds, so they would remained opened and damaged, paining him with every breath he took.
"Shh, it's gonna be okay Petey, you're alright. You're safe here, okay? Nobody's going to hurt you here. I won't let them, shh." As Wade went on talking, Peter seemed to calm down a little.
He told her to get the other girl, MJ, and try and get Peter at least into the living room from here, as he wasn't going to take his eyes off of these asshole addicts. She called for MJ and she came at once, the two of them hauling off an unmoving Peter. He instructed the girls to keep his shoulders elevated, and to make sure he was breathing all the time.
Everything he'd done to get here, all the orders he'd taken, the lives he'd ended. Even all of the people he saved... It seems like it's all been for nothing when things like this happen... And if anything happens to Peter, then the whole world could end... And what would he get out of it?
in any capacity. He was strapped down to a table less than half dressed while 10 or so Hydra agents were filling the room. He could see Steve and Bucky on the monitors over their shoulders, and he screamed. If only they could hear him.
It took all of his willpower not to bust right then and there, really. He kept bobbing his head, taking down more and more of Peter's member as he went, causing the boy to whine around his own length in return. Wade reached between them and felt Peter grab onto his hand. And he let him hold it.
Wade rolled his eyes like it should have been obvious. "Cards, music, video games, what calms you down when you get like this?"
Standing outside of the room for as long as they did seemed like some kind of formality like they were waiting for some kind of invitation into whatever kind of torture chamber was on the other side of the door. Inside there was cursing and the occasional scream, but nothing more. Peter's once heightened senses were failing him now, so if there were any other noises inside, he couldn't tell.
He wasn't prepared for Wade to show up with gifts for him though. His scarred hands were full with the straps of gift bags and a huge box and his face held a smile.
It was a blur of fighting and gunshots as the team made their way past the hidden door and down into the lower levels. Vision revealed that there were actually two more levels below them still and Steve cursed, muttering something about
Rumlow scoffed as he rubbed his hands on his pants. "No. I don't suppose I would. That's why I brought you here. Nice warehouse, abandoned for the weekend... They store meat. I'm sure you know what that means."
Peter meant to run straight to Bucky, but he was busy. In fact, they all were. They were busy holding onto a man in a red suit, who was joking about how they should have a safe word if they were going to cuff him up.
It was quickly made clear that Peter didn't have underwear on underneath. It took a lot of self-control on Wade's part not to just take Peter right then and there.
Peter kept struggling, but they both had him held in place. The little girl kept screaming in his face, and there were tears on her chubby little cheeks as she rose the knife up once more, and Wade began to cackle as the little girl lunged forward and plunged the knife deep into the center of his chest.
"You put your hands on my son, so now I'm going to cut them off... Among other things. Before I'm finished with you, you
He heard the shuffling of feet in the room, and then the Widow was standing over them. "He was sick yesterday. So sick that he came home from school, and I don't think he's ever been that sick in his life, and... And I know he's been with you. I know he leaves campus at lunch and I know that you meet him there, I've seen your texts."
Sorry, everything is taking so long and I'm only coming out with short chapters, I'm in the process of trying to graduate and also trying to pack in order to move out after graduation.
Quickly he turned back to Shuri. "Hey, are there any anti-hallucination medications that won't hurt the baby?"
After the two calmed down, they just looked at one another for a long moment before Tony cleared his throat. "So, I want you to have the deed to the lot. You get the whole building... You take Buck and Nat and Peter, and you guys live there... I'll pay for any repairs to the place."
Peter did a mental assessment of his injuries. His leg didn't feel any different and he thinks his limp might last forever. He was still mostly deaf in one ear, especially since his hearing aid was missing entirely now. Mr. Stark might be mad that he lost a second one already. Even at just a short glance, he could tell that some of his smaller scars had faded entirely, leaving nice undamaged patches of skin in some places.
He couldn't see very far in the darkness, and keeping a hand out in front of him did nothing to help his cause. He could not see his hand, to begin with, but he knew these halls. There was nothing in front of him to collide with, and if there was... it wasn't meant to be there. These halls were vast and empty in both directions. He thought. Could he have been wrong? He had to be dreaming, there was no way the walls were narrowing the farther he went.
There was a moment of silence and then some shuffling. "Keep him outside where it's cold, I'll be there soon."
Sam felt horrible about this whole thing. He'd taken to blaming himself the moment Bucky revealed that Peter had even been injured in the first place. Peter swung between Sam and the Hydra agent. Based on the way the gun was angled, Sam wouldn't have made it out of there alive. Sam's life had been saved by a tiny 15-year-old in spandex and he'd never been more grateful and saddened at the same time.
Natalia kissed both of their heads and smiled before picking up some of the trash. Peter crawled to the tree to dig out a little box with her name on it for her. She accepted it, taking it very carefully to make sure whatever it was didn't get broken between now and when she opened the box.
Bucky's metal arm was missing, severed just beneath the shoulder. His head was turned to the side, but something about it looked wrong, unnatural. Something inside of Peter's mind told him that it was broken, but he chose to look away instead of admit that maybe it was.
Wade, rolled his eyes a little and produced the long ass receipt from his back pocket and Peter's jaw dropped once more as he looked at the whopping 2,382 dollar total. And Wade could only laugh.
He didn't know what was wrong with him but he couldn't get rid of the thought of tearing his stomach open with his nails. "Dad!"
When Peter zoned back in, Wade was leaning against the wall opposite him. He wasn't trying to talk (which for Wade is a first) to Peter at all. He was just watching him. Checking on him. Some part of Peter's mind made note that Wade was taking better care of him right now than Tony ever had. Peter mentally scolded himself because Tony'd taken such good care of him. He moved him onto the base, made his suits, gave him a place to train... But it was also Tony's fault he'd almost died in that warehouse.
Steve just nodded. He wanted to remind the boy that he could just turn the hearing-aid down so he doesn't have to bother with taking it out and possibly losing it, but he bit his tongue. He didn't want to be overbearing or strict. He wanted to be a kind, gentle parent. He wanted to channel his mother and the way she always approached parenting. She was certainly strict when she needed to be but, to tell the truth, the only time she needed to be was when he and Bucky got into some stupid trouble.
Rumlow stood and walked around the room, once again scratching his head with his gun. "We were given orders. They passed down the vine and ended up in my lap. I was meant to do the dirty work, so I did. It's my job, Nat. The original job was just to torture the kid. Get him to go crazy so he'd switch sides. We were supposed to get him to betray you, but he wouldn't. He was a tough little cookie... But I was told to make him crumble, and they told me how, and I didn't particularly enjoy it but I did it. That's what this job is. Doing things you don't like because they tell you to. It's that, or you can bite their bullet without a second chance. It was my job."
The figure stepped forward and shushed him, and he recognized the voice instantly. Nat must have come down this way to check on him. Peter didn't speak Russian, but whatever she was saying to him was soothing. She sat down on the edge of his bed and the light from his lava lamp lit up her face. "быть спокойным маленьким."
Peter looked out into the trees and wiped his sweating hands on his shirt. "Wade?" He paused. "Wade!"
Natalia's been stressed, so what she might need is a massage, a good quiet evening and maybe some really good head... Steve's level of stress has been much higher, mostly because of how much time he spends around Stark. He won't let it show, but it really takes a toll on him. Steve will need something a little different to calm him down, like a good homecooked meal, some smooth 30's tunes, and a candlelit bath.
Marie was now curled up with MJ on the floor, their limbs tangled together and hair covering their faces. It was cute. Wade turned off the bathroom lights and locked Peter's door after doing a quick glance around to make sure everything was where it was supposed to be. He used the dimmer to turn down the lights and smiled when Peter plugged in the fairy lights strung across the bed's headboard.
His light bar flashes gently to alert him that someone is coming in because of course, though she may not be speaking to Peter directly, Friday had still alerted the others to Peter's predicament. The door opens and in steps Wanda, back from shopping with Bucky who must still be upstairs.
Eddie stared in his direction before muttering something-probably to Venom- before actually responding. "Vibranium is strong, but it can still only take so much. It was crushed, I know you felt it. Now, who do you trust?"
Getting something really had been the last thing on Wade's mind, but he'd be a liar if he said he didn't fucking miss Peter's velvet lips around him. The fact that Peter wanted to do that of his own accord was really something, especially after what he's been through.
"Isn't that when that anomaly in the bloodwork appeared?" Bruce nodded. "Shit. Alright... It could be nothing, but it could also be very much not nothing... I suppose only time will tell."
Dismounting the motorcycle, Bucky was already pissed off before he'd even reached the door. He passed his gun to Natalia and knelt down to unlock the large metal garage door. He slipped one of his metal fingers into a small metal hook and yanked.
Much to Wade's actual surprise, Peter did as he was told and immediately started begging. He begged to be fucked harder and deeper. "Please Wade, please, fuck me, fuck... I wanna be your good boy, Wade, shit."
He could hear Bucky's breaths and he could almost feel his long exhales. He could almost see Bucky leaning against a wall with a cigarette between his fingers.
"Hey, Pete... We're sorry, alright? We didn't mean to frustrate you." Steve says gently and Peter shakes his head, long strands of hair falling into his eyes.
In the end, the Priest, Father Walsh, just sighed and sat silent for a moment. "My child, God loves you. He loves you no matter who your love interests are or how you present yourself. He wants you comfortable in the skin that he's put you in. These things are not sins. For your Aunt, rest her soul, you are not to blame. The hands that forced yours carry that sin. And as for that man, who forced you again, he is the one to blame. You've confessed no sins to me, Peter, but you are forgiven nonetheless. Maybe taking your memory is God's way of giving you a second chance. I pray for you, my child."
Natasha was the one who took to talking to the school board, and if she leaned threateningly over the Principal's desk and mentioned beating him the way Peter was being beaten if something didn't change, well, that wasn't anybody's business.
Wade gave Peter a little nudge to distract him from Stark and Peter's attention went straight back to Bucky and the Puppy, who seemed totally happy standing on her three legs and wagging her little tail.
He glanced to the man with the arm, who reminded him that the man couldn't die. He'd make a poor shield, the bullets they had would go through him easily, but he'd do everything in his power to get Peter to the surface... He just needed to know where they were keeping him.
Their attention shifts to Natasha's lap when Peter flinches in his sleep. His brows are drawn up tightly and he looks pained. He twitches, arm pulling closer to his body, almost like he's trying to block something coming his way. Bucky stands, quietly padding over to the bed. Natasha shushes Peter gently, quietly telling him that they're here for him and that everything's going to be alright.
Bruce shook his head again. "That's what I thought too, Tony. I'll have to take new scans and run more tests, but I'm sure that it's true."
She agreed and took both the cigarette and the trash bag from his outstretched hand before quietly going outside. Wade waits to make sure MJ stays asleep before closing the bathroom door most of the way. He turns back to Peter who's already looking up at him with innocent eyes.
for it. He wanted it all to be over. He wanted to be free of this hell. He wasn't sure how long he'd been here anymore. The torture made all of the days and nights blend together into a meaningless film, tightly wrapped around his life.
"Mr. Barnes, then, I-" The man paused and wiped his hands on his sweat-stained jacket before excusing himself from the room. Too tired to pursue him, Bucky just sighed and turned to look at Peter's now nearly entirely healed face. It was no secret he had his powers back, especially now.
Down in the street, Wade stepped out from behind the dumpster and waved his arms in the air as he yelled, "I tried to kill all of you!"
Bucky was lucky to be so strong because he lifted the boy up with his only arm and managed to tuck him into bed. He'd put in a call to the resident doctors, and then to Strange. Because as much as he wanted to trust the people here in Wakanda, it'd be nice to have the opinion of a friend too.
He began searching room to room, hoping that he wouldn't stumble upon her as a corpse. Since everything was covered in dust, it was fairly easy to see the clean spots where things had been moved from. May's phone and laptop were just two of the missing things, along with a couple of pairs of shoes, her whole jewelry box and some clothes from her closet. That must mean that May was still alive somewhere.
The masked man stopped talking altogether when he looked in Peter's direction, but as soon as Bucky saw that Peter was being stared at, he punched the man in the gut and continued to drag him down the hallway.
Some doctor had come in a couple of times, but he didn't bother speaking to Peter, which was fine. He wasn't in the mood to speak, all he wanted to do was sleep, but it just wouldn't come to him and it was pissing him off.
He did everything he could to forget about the horrible place that he was in. He did his best to try and block out the verbal abuse spat in his direction from whoever felt like it at the time. He tried to block out the sound of screaming from down the hall. God only knew who that was or when they'd be found.
Peter makes it easier for himself by picking out the words he can read and then using the words other readable words around it to find enough context clues to form a fucking thought. He rubs his temple in annoyance and sighs. Where was Wade?
At first, Peter worried, wondering if someone finally found a way to kill Wade, and then after a while, he let himself quit caring. He had better things to do. He had A's to make and he had parties to go to and he had missions to go on. Most important of all though, he had an Aunt to find, and he'd stop at nothing to do so.
Pepper asks what happened to his old clothes and Peter sheepishly says that they're not really his style anymore, and the weight he's put on has distributed differently than before and his pants don't quite fit right anymore. She says that's perfectly fine and she'll help him pick out some new clothes and Tony leaves them to head to the car dealership just down the way to see what's new.
And Bucky, who still had tears in his eyes, was clinging onto Steve's arms and quietly begging for him to bed him properly.
Bucky didn't say anything, he knew that he didn't have to. Within moments Peter was relaxed enough to curl up and close his eyes. Bucky sat with him for the rest of the night, and only when the sun came up did he leave.
She shook her head, having no idea. She would've shot him and gone on her way. She knew he wouldn't die, but at least it would hurt a bit.
Peter thinks that was the scariest part, seeing Nat's worry as she listened to what Wade said. She probably didn't believe it all 100%, like, she was a spy, she knew a lot of stories were fake. It was just her job to find out which ones, and if this one was fake, she didn't know yet. And if Nat didn't know, then nobody knew.
Wade shook the thought away, along with the thought of fucking Peter senseless against a dirty concrete wall, and got on with his business. Well, we say business, but really we mean he went to his apartment and took a nap on the couch, the dialogue of Brokeback Mountain lulling him to sleep.
Crossing the room, he could see the prisoner hold his breath the closer that he got. He understood that it wasn't Natalia that he was afraid of. It was him. The prisoner was afraid of him and for good reason. After all they'd been through, it was only fitting that Bucky be the one person in the world to frighten this man.
She pulled back his covers and he scooted back down into them without a second thought. "You need to get some sleep, Peter. You're safe here."
Peter needed time to be alone. Well, alone as Wade would allow him to be right now was as alone as he was going to get for a while. Peter knew it was only a matter of minutes before Tony started pinging Peter's phone off of nearby cell towers and started a search to find him. He'd left the school over an hour ago, but he knew that at least one of his parents was in the area already looking for him.
"No, but I need to do something about the "right now". About Peter, about Bruce, about Rumlow. All of it."
Wade slips out the door and Peter stuffs his equipment back into his bag. After making sure the cell is closed again, the pair slips farther down the hallway and into another room. Peter clicks the light on and Wade finds his confiscated things. He begins stuffing his suit into his backpack, along with a couple other weapons. Peter makes his way through another door into a separate storage room and stuffs a couple of canned meals, along with old military rations into his bag.
She took a half-step forward and paused, thinking about what Wade said yesterday, about how she might not belong here. She took a full step backward. Then another.
so today is my 10 month anniversary with my boyfriend? time really does fly. this has put me in a good mood so this is a little longer, but also out at the last minute, it is literally 11:53 for me.
Baffled, Tony threw his arms up. "How can you not know, FRIDAY? You see everything that happens in this building? What does the security footage say?"
"They offered to make me a new one, but it's gonna take some time. Have'ta roll without one for now, but it can't be that bad... I'm finally all me again, Stevie."
Peter opened his eyes and Wade could see the tears in them. "Oh Petey, you're okay... It's over now." He released Peter, who launched forward to hug him. Wade held onto Peter's shaking frame and soothed him as he cried. "I've got you, Petey, it's alright."
goddamn time. And Steve decided that yes, maybe it was time to do it Bucky's way, and Nat doesn't think she'd ever seen Bucky so murderously happy before in her whole life, and they'd known one another for a long goddamn time.
Bucky was beginning to worry, even more so than he was before. He'd been leaning in the door for the last two hours watching this boy, his son, shake so violently and uncontrolled. It reminded him of a much harsher time in his own life, and he hoped to god that this was nothing like that.
He pulled the small needle from his bag, along with the blood bag and IV tube. He didn't want to do this anymore, but he knew that he had to. Cable might kill him for this because he knew what came out of this, he just didn't know what it'd do to the world around him... But if Cable wasn't here to stop him, he figured it was a pretty good clue to go ahead and do it.
And Bucky hated it too. Leaving Peter alone was the last thing that he wanted to do, but he kept promising Peter that he'd be back soon and he'd bring Steve so they could spend some time together again and be close as family. He promised to bring Rebecca back with him so that Peter could have some company, and that he'd make sure to talk to MJ while he was there to let her know how to reach Peter.
The news about the move was delivered to Peter almost two weeks after Tony and Steve talked in the gym. It took nearly that long for Steve to talk to Bucky and Nat about it, after all. Well, talking to them was easy, but waiting for them to decide if it was something they even wanted to do was something else entirely.
He remembers an old button up that stayed tucked in because the last couple of buttons were missing. He remembers a pair of shoes that he used to shine religiously. He remembers making Steve breakfast in the mornings and holding him through the cold nights. He remembers Sarah and her hair falling out when he brushed it for her. He remembers the panic rising up in his throat like bile when he thought he would have to tell Steve that she was dying.
'I just wanted to be like you.' He had told Mr. Stark... Mr. Stark just stared at him, like he was an idiot. He looked at Peter like all he really wanted to do was kick him off of the rooftop they were standing on. He looked so angry that he had to come and save the day, and Peter knew why. Tony didn't like having to clean up after Peter. That's why when Vulture had crashed the plane, he was quick to clear out of the area. He knew Mr. Stark was going to look for him, but Peter managed to avoid him well enough Tony had started to wonder if he'd bled out somewhere.
Too tired to give a damn about any kind of comment made about his appearance, he nodded and put his pillow on the floor. He curled up and pulled his blanket so it covered his whole body, just the way he liked and let his eyes droop closed.
Peter turned around and saw Tony laying on the ground. His eyes were wide and unblinking. There was a hole in his chest where his heart was supposed to be and next to him was Steve. Steve's hand loosely gripped Tony's. Peter knelt down in the space between them. Steve's bleeding neck made Peter shake harder than he'd been in the first place.
When Peter saw him in the mirror, he froze. Bucky had shushed him before he even got the chance to ask that he didn't tell anyone.
He spent too many years inside of HYDRA for them to ever pull one over on him. They'd have to have some serious new tricks to even be able to get as far as one step ahead of him. He'd be damned if he let anything happened to his family.
Steve didn't waste any time in undressing them, but he always took his time with Bucky. He always took the time to get him relaxed and ready, took the time to make him feel loved and beautiful. Because he was.
He looked to Natalia who was smiling widely, then back to Steve who was now holding a small box and without even seeing the ring inside, Bucky threw himself at Steve sputtering 'yes's' through his tears.
Peter frantically looked around the alley Wade had drug them into and saw all the people passing out on the street. "I wanna go. There's- There's too many- Wade, I can't."
She quickly left the bathroom and it was easy to hear the abrupt ending of the music and the girl pushing all of the other kids out the front door. In the meantime, Wade had both guns trained on a couple of the seniors and was standing in front of the door so none of them could leave.
When they get to his floor, and he means his because he's currently the only one on it, he smiles up at the little spider decoration on his door. Wanda used her powers just briefly to push the door open so she could push Peter inside. He looked around in awe.
And it made him wish that they'd just kill him already so he wouldn't have to deal with the harsh reality of not knowing anymore. He
Bucky was a soldier. He knew what diversions looked like, and he knew damn good and well that that's exactly what that was. A diversion. The mission was meant to throw them off of something... What exactly, was the real question. It'd been months and he still was no closer to finding out the answer.
On the island, the pair hike through the woods. The sun is setting and Peter is a little upset that they didn't get to watch it, but Wade promises him that before they leave they'll see both the sunrise and sunset together, and it makes Peter smile.
Widow sounds angry as she speaks. "People like you don't care about people. You care about the job, about the money. You're in it for the glory not for setting the world straight."
He walked around to the other side of the table and peered at the recording over Tony's shoulder. It showed the hallway outside of May's house. Six men in all black uniforms pulled her out of her apartment while she was kicking and screaming... Following behind the group, casting a quick glance at the camera... Was Wade.
Now, Wade didn't have any facts that Peter was even afraid of Stark at all, but he had his suspicions. The voices wondered if maybe Stark had knocked the kid around before. Wade shot that idea down immediately because he knew well enough from just watching Peter interact with the others that if Tony Stark ever laid so much as a finger on Peter Parker's head, everyone on that base would gladly rip him to shreds without a second thought.
Wade didn't mind saying the kid had it bad. And if Wade is saying it, then it has to mean something. Sure, it wasn't the end of the world, but Wade knew it might feel like that to Peter right now. This was all the kid knew now. He knew how to be a genius in school and how to be Spider-Man and now he knew how to be terrified of himself. He knew how to be put down by the adults that didn't find him capable of doing more than just being a kid.
"No, I... I couldn't bear the thought of them having you too. I couldn't..." Bucky's face contorted into one of disgust, or anger, or sadness, or all of the above as he cupped Steve's cheek. "When I realized they didn't have you, I was glad... Stevie, I was glad that it was me instead of you. I was glad they couldn't hurt you."
Tony watched the teen, worried now as Peter's face was completely expressionless. There was videographic evidence of the man that Peter had been seeing, seemingly kidnapping the boy's only living relative.
Wade pays no mind and instead offers the boy one of the smaller bags with a chuckle, and Peter almost wants to ask what he's laughing about, but he doesn't. Instead, he just gently removes the tissue paper and peers into the bag. He takes out the bubble wrapped object inside and carefully unwraps it, listening in to Wade's commentary at the same time.
Then he looked up. "He's going to ask you to kill yourself, eventually. He'll tell you it's the only way you'll be free again." He took a step forward and placed a metal finger against Rumlow's jugular. "Or, you can use the scalpel right here. Jam it in there as hard as you can. He'll have two minutes, maybe three."
Tony made small talk with Peter, who kept up easily. He made sure to ask Peter about his studying and if he still wanted to look into getting a tutor for a while. Peter agreed, thinking it would be nice to have someone trying to teach him so he wasn't struggling to figure out everything he'd forgotten. He asked Peter if he liked everything in his room still or if he wanted something new, and the boy quietly asked about some small bookshelves and maybe a cool looking vanity.
Ned had been giving a number to use solely in emergencies like this one, and he wasted no time (well, a little time) in pulling out his phone and making the phone call that none of Peter's parents wanted to receive. "Hi, it's Ned. Peter just started dogging on one of these kids, I think someone should come get him."
If God was kind, why had he suffered so horribly? Was he nothing more than a pawn in God's master plan for the world? Or was it all part of something even bigger? Was he meant to endure that torture to better follow in God's lead?
Steve's body jerked and Peter felt a hand around his arm. He looked into Steve's now grey eyes and listened as Steve spoke words garbled by the blood. "You... Could've... Saved... Us..."
A light flicked on, illuminating something far away, and Peter ran to it. In the circle of light was a little girl, maybe no more than five. She and her purple dress were both covered in blood. Peter stopped short of actually approaching the girl.
Bucky had the same nightmare when he did happen to sleep. That they'd found the boy, just not in the way they'd hoped.
"Wait until I tell Mr. Stark about this... Wait until he hears that I had to kill you because you betrayed us all!"
And Wade's expression softened and he just smiled as he pulled Peter into a hug, the only hug he'd let himself be part of in a while. "Of course I did. Nothing's too good for you, remember?"
By the time everyone went home, the sun had already been up for quite some time, and Steve, Nat, Tony, and Bucky, all sat on the 'porch' outside of the apartment to just enjoy the fresh air as the day started for everyone else. Nat played with Bucky's hair, speaking calmly to him in Russian. He smiled down at her and kissed her forehead.
He'd served his days of torture for this, to see the man on the other side of the door. He got no rewards, no warm food, hell, no food. Rumlow had been starving him since he asked to see the man. He hoped going in there would be worth it.
He had no fucking clue who this guy was and where he came from, but he seemed to know more than they did, and Peter seemed to trust him... And he did have a hand in saving their lives, so there was that. He didn't want to owe this stranger his life, but as of right now, it didn't seem like he had much of a choice.
Steve, however, had an ulterior motive to being here with Tony right now. He was following Natasha's style of getting information... Sorta, he really did want to be here with Tony. He could tell by the blush on the brunette's cheeks that Tony wanted to be here with him too, if not in bed with him.
Wade sucked on the tube until the blood started to flow, then he hooked it to the bag and sat back to watch the magic. There were no noises in the cabin but the drip, drip, dripping of Peter's blood. It's a good thing he wasn't returning with Peter, really. He'd hate to be there when they found the Symbiotes were missing... He knew they'd blame it on Peter, but he couldn't just show up and rightfully take the blame like he should.
"It'll be alright, маленький паук. They're just dreams. I'll stay right here tonight and let you sleep."
Steve was at work, Bucky and Nat were working on something, Wanda was on a date with Vision. Sam wasn't available to babysit today and Tony was supposed to pick him up six hours ago and he was nowhere to be found and wasn't answering his phone. He was meant to call Nat if Tony didn't show, but he couldn't be bothered to bother her if she was busy.
Nat had taken to going on missions around the world, Clint and Sam in tow. She was fighting tooth and nail for any possible information on her boy, but if anyone had it, they weren't willing to share. She's been fighting so long she thinks the blood of the Hydra agents she's killed will be permanently crusted on her hands. Clint and Sam are both following in her footsteps, despite both of them giving up the hope in finding the boy on their quest.
He didn't want the boy to be a hero anymore. He didn't want to see the boy spend his life as they had; broken, bruised, having the world expect them to give more than they could. He didn't want to see the boy grow up under the public eye of spandex and camera flashes. He didn't want the boy's name tarnished in articles and newspapers and message boards. He didn't want the boy's failures to get more publicity than his accomplishments.
Nat tried the switch and there was a crackling noise above their heads before the lights came on, slowly illuminating an old life that no longer existed, between two men that never came home from the war. She watched their faces as they took in the sight of the room around them. It was almost like a museum with how old everything was. The rickety old bed, the worn out armchairs, the scuffed table. There were still yellowing newspapers stacked by the fireplace.
Every time he looked at the small boy floating around his heart and home, it was his first and last thought. When he saw the boy flinch at loud noises and stress out in long stretches of silence, it crossed his mind. Each time the boy jolted awake from a nightmare or zoned out to a memory, the words ended up on the tip of his tongue. He was itching to speak them but didn't quite know how.
Bucky looked to the clock from where he sat on the floor of Peter's bedroom. It'd been exactly one week, three days, four hours and 12 minutes since Peter disappeared. Bucky knew what the new statistics were. He'd read them all over and over. He knew how the chances of finding a child under regular circumstances decreased with every hour that went by. He knew that if Peter had been taken by Hydra, their chances decreased twice as fast.
Bucky just nods before finally standing. His knees crack as a clear sign that they haven't carried Bucky anywhere in a few hours at least. They make their way to the living room where they both plopped down on the couch. It groans under the quick application of their weight and they both stilled to let their weight settle. They were gonna go out to look for new furniture tomorrow. They had a minimalist design plan, but they wanted a little to look like a lot.
Rumlow smirked and slid his hands up Peter's thighs. "That one's going to cost you at least three days worth of hurt for you, Parker. How bad do you want to see?"
But why? If the bad guys did this, why would they do it at all? Why make him able to carry children? Was it a mistake? A trial serum? Or did the bad guys have a bigger plan in mind for them? Did the universe?
After a minute, Bucky pulled away entirely and yanked Stark by the hair until he rose to his feet. He tilted his head back to lessen the pull on his hair and the action exposed his neck for Bucky to grab onto with his free hand. He could feel Stark's pulse racing against his metal fingers. He felt Stark's nervous swallow against his palm. They both knew that Bucky was angry enough to be able to strangle Stark to death without a second thought right now.
Natasha heard the click of Wanda's heels and turned, smiling at them both. They really were like siblings, which made sense considering the three of them treated them both like their children. There had even once been talk of Wanda coming to live in the apartments with them once upon a time.
Peter sat on his bed and used his leg as a table for the small notepad he was scribbling in. He didn't want to ask for a whole lot, but he lived here now and he probably wouldn't see New York for a long time as it was. So he just jotted down some of his clothes and his favorite blanket and the dog tags from the hidden compartment and most importantly- underlined thrice- the mp3 player that Wade gave to him.
He was just a kid, he didn't understand why there was such a tax on happiness, a price to pay for being a part of humanity. He didn't understand how the world could be so cruel. Steve tried to say something else but Peter just insisted that he was tired and would like to lay down, politely asking if he could please be wheeled downstairs.
Peter felt dizzy, and it only worsened as he stood to look for Wade. There were only so many places he could be. He wasn't in the bedroom, Peter hadn't missed him. He wasn't in the bathroom, and he wasn't around the perimeter of the cabin.
Peter took a moment to think, what DID he do when he got like this? There'd only been a handful of moments where he'd had to deal with this alone. Once he moved onto the base, he'd only been alone for a couple of days before Bucky took to taking care of him. After that, Peter was rarely dealing by himself. There was always someone. But what had he done before?
And so they went on back and forth, asking the questions that maybe nobody else cared about, like what color Wade's hair used to be, or if Peter remembered any of his old friends. And the answers to those questions came as easily as breathing did and they were churning out answers like dirty blonde and the girl named MJ. Peter asked Wade if he remembered any old family, and in turn, Wade asked him the same.
When he next looked at her, she was looking around her gigantic lab with a soft look of wonder. "It is, isn't it?" She turned her gaze to him and smiled. "I'm not a doctor, but I'm on a team with said doctors to monitor the health of you and your baby. This has never happened before in the history of... Well ever, I suppose. But you have my word that we'll do our best for you, and for the child."
(I'm not sure how long this will be or when I'll get a new chapter out. I'm going through some stuff right now and it's really taking a toll on me. I'd like to remind you guys that I'd like to start taking prompts if you could maybe leave some in the comments for me to come back to, that'd be so nice.)
The next morning, Peter was pulled from his cell once again and led back to the room with the tools. Again, he was told what to use and what to do with them and once again the imaginary man with the metal arm was there, suggesting different ways to kill Rumlow and escape... There were over 200 men down here, and God knows how many floors were really above him.
He was fully aware of the puppy dog look that Peter was giving him from where he was laying, and not wanting to hear any lies out of these kids, he took to asking Peter.
"It wasn't you that did those things and you know it... I loved you before, and I'm gonna love you forever. No matter what happens," Steve tilted Bucky's chin up. "Okay?"
His Spidey-sense was going haywire, the absolute sheer panic invading his body like a burglar come to make off with all of his belongings. And he screamed. He kicked and he fought.
so I have plans for this to be a super long story, but it may take me a while because I'm slow, so bear with me and the possible filler chapters ahead!
A side note, if anyone has Instagram, feel free to add me @ xxcreate.your.own.realityxx and send me a message letting me know you read this story and I'll make sure to add you back!
Peter's parents give him space, leaving just him and Wade together to try and process everything that's happened to them.
Everyone perks up a little at Peter's name and somehow it's silently settled that now would be the perfect time to tell him about the apartment. Peter bounds down the stairs and Nat gets up to open the door, even though she's sure that he knows the code. He's carrying his bag in front of him and his smile is wide. He starts talking at 100 miles a minute talking about how he had a history project, and that he could technically do it on Steve because he's a historical figure.
And his breath caught in this throat when he laid eyes on her for the first time. Because there she was in all of her brains and beauty, Princess Shuri.
Natasha quickly realized that Peter was freaking out about more than just Wade, and told Sam and Wanda to cease with beating the assassin. When the pair opened the door to come out, Peter slipped in.
"So, have you thought about what you're going to say to Tony?" Steve asked as he made another cup of coffee.
"Hey! Hey, what are you doing?!" Peter tried to struggle, but he couldn't feel his legs to move them. His ankles had been freed, but these guys really thought of everything. The Agent, Doctor? Parted his legs and Peter felt the panic rise up in his throat like bile, and he tried to fight but he couldn't move his legs and his arms were still bound. Was this guy about to touch him?
Steve paused and looked up at the idiotic love of his life and leaned against the counter. "It's Christmas."
He sure as shit didn't expect to see Bucky in such a state... He was really in the mood for a cigarette, but he refused to move while Bucky was laying across his lap. Bucky was more important to him right now, though if he mentioned it to Bucky he'd probably agree and have one for himself... No! Steve, stop it, it's about Bucky right now.
Peter was told to stand and clean the knife before putting it back down, and he did so without question. He heard a zipper and glanced over to see it was Rumlow unzipping his pants and Peter could still feel the ache in his ass and thighs from what happened last night and he wasn't sure he could handle that again so quickly, but if he wanted to survive, he had to adapt.
Peter's smile is wider than Nat's ever seen it before. Peter's dainty looking hands gripped Wade's biceps as they just stood there together. "What are you doing here, Wade?"
Steve didn't answer again, but Tony noted his raised brow, an expression that said 'gee, you think?' but nonetheless, he carried on.
"I'm not sure if you remember, but you once told me that you liked my cologne, and I told you that I'd get you a bottle to keep, so you can spray it on things and feel closer to me."
Steve was plainly aware of Tony scooting a little closer to him every once in a while, but that's exactly what he wanted. When one of the many sex scenes came on the screen, Steve couldn't miss the blush on Tony's cheeks or the way that Tony's eyes made their way to his crotch.
To see Peter lose his composure like this, to see him gripping the sheets and throwing his head back... To feel Peter like this, feel him gripping Wade's bicep while he clenched around him... Wade leaned down and kissed Peter, who wasted no time in kissing the Merc back.
Just a little ways down the street, not far from him but slightly more towards the area where Steve was waiting, Bucky could see Rumlow. His back was turned, but he'd know that bastard anywhere. Steve wanted to do this the right way. He wanted to take the asshole in and go the goddamn legal route to make this man pay, but Bucky thought that was bullshit for
Steve sighs. "Peter is just a child, Tony, he's fragile. You have to watch how you talk to the kid."
Peter saw that Bucky was tearing up bit he felt a little terrified by that fact... Until Bucky stood and pulled Peter to his feet and enveloped the small boy in a tight hug.
How did Wade know these things? Wade doesn't seem like the kind of guy to know anything really, so this was surprising, to say the least. Peter made a mental note that Wade's handwriting kinda looked like a mix between his Aunt May's and a doctor's. Neat, but nearly fucking unreadable.
"James... What's got you so worked up, honey?" He heard Natalia ask as she sat beside him. She brushed his hair back from his face and he leaned into her gentle touch. Steve and Nat and Peter were the only people in this world that knew how to treat him with any kind of gentle care. He craved the soft touches he got... Everyone else was so... Rough.
Wade pulled Peter's shirt off the rest of the way and tossed it across the room. He thought he heard it thud against the window but he didn't care enough to look. Looking for the shirt would mean looking away from Peter. He could see the exact moment that Peter began to get self-conscious.
T'Challa, however, handed him a tissue with a gentle smile and said, in a very soft voice, "It is okay to cry. You are in an unfamiliar place, with unfamiliar faces. It is only natural to be frightened and sad. But we are here, and we are going to keep you both safe until your father returns."
Was all that Bucky could manage to say as the building began to rumble around them. Wade was closer, he knew he'd make it first no matter how quick they both were. Even as he himself tried to make it to the young boy, something black caught the corner of his eye and then the whole room shook hard enough to knock him off of his feet.
He looked to Nat where she leaned on the counter, and finally, in the silence around them, he let the words hang like lost friends between them. "I don't want to raise Peter in The Life anymore. I don't want him being a hero."
Steve smiled over at Bucky because even he'd heard Bucky ranting about how useless he felt that he didn't know how to fix even the simplest things about his arm. Peter thought he recalled something about that conversation, and right now with the way Bucky was staring at him he really hoped that he was right about this gift and not way out of line.
He blinked, and he was alone. And Aunt May was gone, and she wouldn't be back. She'd never scold him for being reckless again, and it hurt because he wanted her to. He wanted her to sit down across from him and say that being a hero was stupid and that it was going to get him killed... And she was right. It would get him killed... Which is why despite remembering a little about being Spider-Man, he now wanted nothing to do with it.
They picked out a few good button-ups and nice dress pants, along with some more feminine looking tops and even a really gorgeous pantsuit that Pepper might be jealous of if she hadn't gotten one for herself in another color.
Peter sat at the computer for hours on end, and Wade didn't bother him, didn't try to make him move. He brought Peter food when he heard the boy's stomach growl and brought him something to drink every time Peter emptied his glass. He only had to remind Peter to use the bathroom once, which was a lot less than he thought.
Peter felt strong, like the power of a thousand suns was burning in his veins. Peter felt light, like his lungs were full of helium and he was floating off of the ground. Peter felt soft, like he was pressed against a bed of feathers when Wade laid him down. Peter felt free, like nothing could hold him back from this moment anymore.
And Tony, shit, all he did was stare at Nat with a smug grin as he kept forcing Bruce's head back down every time the poor guy came up for air. And Natasha, all she did was stare directly back into Tony's eyes as her cheeks turned as red as her hair, and he thought maybe she was just going to walk right over and beat him within an inch of his life... But she didn't. In fact, she didn't even tell Steve about what she saw.
It looked almost like a shrine or a shitty memory box... Maybe it was meant to be a memory box. Maybe old Peter had a feeling that he wouldn't come home. He quickly stuffed the phone and syringe inside and closed it up tight, replacing the picture before going upstairs to visit his 'family'.
Wade's been around long enough that he knows what this kind of body language means. Except. Peter keeps looking this way, and he wouldn't do that if he wasn't still interested in Wade still. So what was it? What goes on inside of Peter Parker's head?
Peter's touch was distracting. Wade remembered hearing people talk like this when they admit they're in love. Is that what this was turning into? Love?
Peter remembered when Mr. Stark took his suit away from him after the ferry incident happened. He remembered begging to keep the suit, telling Tony that he was nothing without it. He remembered the cold stare that Mr. Stark gave him. He remembered how cold Mr. Stark had been as he found clothes for Peter to change into. He remembers the harsh silence. There were no jokes, no laughter or smiles or inappropriate jokes about Aunt May to ease the tension between them.
Just a couple of days later, Peter was able to leave the MedBay and go home... Well, as home as their new place could be. They lived in a tall building near the palace and their own floor was near the top of the building. It was pretty damn nice. A kitchen, a bathroom, a room for each of them, plus they were even allowed to have a pet if they wanted to, which was nice. Peter said he wanted a goat, and Bucky said he'd look into it.
The glaring through the mask was the last thing Peter saw before the Wade on recording shot the camera.
The bag contains the following: 6 pairs of spandex leggings in varying solid colors, 4 pair of all black cotton leggings, and another black spandex pair with some kind of cute mesh around the knees.
Peter sat down the gifts he was carrying and looked around in awe, then laughed when he laid his eyes on the large bed. He remembered telling Tony once that he'd never slept in a bed any bigger than a twin, not until he slept in Steve and Bucky's bed, and that was only a couple of weeks ago. Wade, Nat and Steve sit down the presents they were carrying for Peter down inside of his room for him, and after a minute of listening to Tony talk to Peter, everyone left him to put his things away, with the exception of Wade, who let out a breath and finally took his mask of the moment the door closed.
When they walked back into the kitchen, Nat was in the middle of snapping a photo of Tony and Bruce kissing under the mistletoe, and Steve was in the background making a stupid face that Nat was laughing at the whole time.
Bucky finally managed to get out something in English, but all it was was "Stevie, Stevie, Stevie..." Over and over again like a mantra, the only word he could think of to say, but Steve understood.
Steve and Natalia walked Bucky into their bedroom and watched as he sat down on their bed and slumped over. They were nervous, nearly afraid of what'd just happened, and what could still happen if Bucky was in the middle of a fit... These things happened sometimes. Usually, they weren't so bad, just some snarky comments or angry glares for a little while, and then everything calmed down again and they had the real Bucky back again, but this was different. Bucky was in tears, and Steve can easily say that he hasn't seen Bucky cry since long before he went into the ice.
Peter did as he was told and reached out with a shaking hand, wrapping his thin fingers around the cold lighter. He pulled it close to himself and held it close to him, waiting to see if the man would tell him what he was meant to do with it.
He almost didn't want to touch Peter like this. He didn't want his damaged self coming into any kind of contact with Peter's body. Peter was pure, clean, light. He was newer to the world than Wade felt he would ever manage to be again. Wade didn't want to ruin Peter, the way he knew he so easily could.
His place was here, kneeling, when and where he was told to. If he had to be told twice, he'd be sorry.
The whole butterfly effect was really getting to him. If he'd skipped work, Peter wouldn't have been drugged, but the bad guys also would have got away scot-free. And there was no way in hell that he was about to let that happen. No, this was a ladder that he was working his way up. The more jobs he took, the more money he had, the more trust he had. Everything worked according to plan. And the plan was to move forward... But not like this.
Nat considered texting Wade to press for details about what happened to Peter, but for right now she needed to focus on Steve and James. Although Peter was her boy, these were her men, and they needed her too.
Bucky looked towards the bedroom when he saw Steve shuffling out of it with a tired smile on his face. He offered Steve a cup of coffee the way that he liked it and Steve thanked him with a kiss on the cheek before leaning against the slick new counter. Steve was in love with the new repairs and remodels they were making, and when they'd finally finished the kitchen, you'd think Steve had won the lottery with the way his eyes lit up over it.
"Wade, please! Let me go, Wade, please!" he shrieked as he kicked his legs out towards the little girl. He felt Wade's grip tighten around him and he screamed, hoping desperately that there was someone around to help him.
Wade thought back to just this morning when he had Peter's skin beneath his hands and suddenly he wishes he'd taken more time to actually worship Peter the way that he deserved. As far as first times go, Wade couldn't say it went poorly. Then again, it wasn't about what he thought of it and he knew it. It was about Peter, and what he thought and how he felt, and judging by the way he's sitting—so far away from Wade—he regrets it.
Wade pulled out slowly and gently pressed Peter's first plug into him instead. Peter blushed, knowing that it was inside of him now. They'd talked about it before, and Wade delivered because nothing was too good for his baby boy. Especially nothing like this plug, adorned with a pretty red jewel on the end. Wade helped Peter back into his clothes and caressed him and cuddled him and kissed him as much and as gently as he could. Peter looked so blissed out it was almost comical.
12 minutes and 13 seconds. So they waited. "They" consisted of Peter, Bucky, and Wade, for emotional support. They were sporting civvies and hidden weapons.
Tony rolled his eyes and sighed loudly, running his fingers through his hair. "No baby, I don't think you're stupid, I'm sorry. I'm just stressed."
Steve could see the watch on his wrist was lit up red, and from here he could hear it vibrating. The moment he was about to stand, Bucky stood and crossed the room to the boy and pulled him carefully into his arms. Bucky was closest to Peter, there was no doubt, so it wasn't really a surprise when Peter let himself fall against Bucky's chest for a cry.
Peter could hear footsteps on the stairs. He yanked the chip out once the folder was on it and pressed a couple of buttons to close everything. With the press of another button, the computer went back to sleep just like he'd found it and he slid underneath the desk to hide.
Right now, they've silently told him that they just need him and his caring touch... He was told that once more when Peter arrived home from school. Bucky stirred and jolted upright so quickly that Steve was worried he'd had a nightmare, but he watched as Bucky's eyes settled on the door that opened mere seconds later to reveal Peter. His cheeks had tear tracks all over them and his body shook with the force of his sobs. His face was red and blotchy, covered in tears and snot.
The hard part was now returning to Midtown High to go through his Sophomore year. He rejoined band and academic decathlon at the end of last year, and now with MJ as the lead, things were kinda looking up for Peter. He didn't feel like an outcast as much as he did last year.
Wade, like a Saint, smiled and without Peter saying a word, said, "I know what you're thinking. If you want to stop, we can. If you want to keep going we can. If you want to leave all of your clothes on, you can. I want you to be comfortable with me."
"You blatantly disregarded everything I told you before you even went back there, what makes you think-"
He thinks he remembers a brief instance where she might've been pregnant, but the memory is so blurred he can't make out what's really happening.
Once they're alone, Pepper asks if his clothes actually didn't fit. He says that he lied and they do fit, but he lied because he didn't want Tony to judge him.
The little girl grinned evilly at him as she rose the knife to Peter. She grabbed onto his arm and yanked it towards her with an inhuman strength. He fought her, to no avail and she giggled as she brought the knife to his arm. He screamed again and tried to pull away, but she had him held still as a statue as she brought the knife down and dragged it across his wrist.
Steve didn't even try to protest this time and went inside and curled up in their bed with Becca at his feet. When the screen flashed and Bucky's face appeared on the small phone's screen, Steve couldn't help but smile. He knew that Bucky wouldn't be on the phone still when he woke, but at least he was here for Steve to fall asleep to.
"Steve wouldn't give up Peter to save me, he knows better. He wouldn't give you Peter because that's what you want... That's what Bruce wants... But I hear Bruce isn't really your boss, huh? He's just above you."
"Sorry Peter, Tony's orders." Sam shrugged before delivering another blow so violent Peter flinched. Peter turned around to stare at a camera on the ceiling. "Leave him alone! Make them stop!"
Not with Peter's fingers touching him the way they were. His fingers were gentle, delicate, like a ballerina's dance across a stage. His touch was light, soothing. Wade didn't remember ever being treated so gently, so kind.
Wade had managed to lead Peter up onto the second basement level, leaving nothing behind but a trail of Hydra bodies. Wade had managed to snag a couple of guns off of a couple of agents a little while back and it was really making all the difference. Peter was still carrying the knife and the scalpel, and when someone grabbed him from behind, he didn't hesitate to turn and stab the knife into whatever part of the Agent was closest.
The man above him screamed this time before kicking the boy away. Peter fell just a couple of feet away from Wade's body. When Rumlow turned to look for help, he found himself looking directly down the barrel of a gun.
And Peter just nodded because of course he knew. Everything here came with a price down here, and for some reason, this felt like something he needed to pay for. This was something he needed to do. The metal-armed man was leaning against the wall beside the door, glancing up at Peter through his hair.
But Wade, deciding to be a gentleman for once in his goddamn life, took the time to find the lube he'd stuffed away in his bag.
. This was the man they'd taken from the snow come back to haunt him. The soldier that was still at war.
With Peter at school for the first time in days, Bucky felt stressed, to say the least. He wasn't worried about Deadpool, because at least he knew that if somehow Peter ended up in the mercenary's presence, he'd be safe there. The socializing with his friends might do Peter some good, but Bucky was worried about what it'll be like dealing with those bullies. He wasn't worried though, because Peter knew how to handle himself if need be, and now those assholes knew it too.
"Can you talk, Petey?" Peter's response never came, as the boy was suddenly looking around in an almost panic.
Wade loved the noises that Peter was making, even though he was barely doing anything. He was moving his hips rather slowly, teasing the boy a little for the time being. Peter was begging into Wade's ear for him to please stop teasing him. Wade obliged and sped up his hips, easily pulling rougher moans from Peter's lips.
Steve noted that Peter looked pale, but Sam thought they oughta chalk it up to that having been Peter's first mission. Peter agreed that he was a little out of it, but only he knew why.
"Wade, I... I have no clue how I can thank you for all of this stuff..." Peter scoffed as he looked over the things on his bed. "There's just so much, and I'll never have the kind of money it would take to pay you back."
'Parker, Peter B.' Clicking on it revealed that it was password protected. Once he was inside the folder, he could see that there were photos and summaries and mission reports and two other folders.
"That's for you. You'll want to use it sooner, rather than later. Don't let them know you've got it back."
She puts a hand on his shoulder to stop him. "Peter, I understand. And there's nothing wrong with that at all. If you want to wear different clothes, we can get you some different clothes. It's no problem, and if Tony dares to say anything, I'll change his lab passcode for a week." She teases.
Peter was their one collective weakness. That's why they left him at home. They'd spend their time looking after Peter rather than taking care of the bad guys. Bucky would turn back to killing in a heartbeat if it meant keeping Peter safe. He'd endure countless hours of Hydra torture to keep Peter safe. Natasha would go back to the Red Room and endure that pain over and over if it meant that nobody would lay a finger on the child she'd chosen to be her son.
Unopened cans of beans and year old packages of burritos were what he'd left for his future self to come back to. He knew that what was here, and what Peter had brought was not enough to last them, and so he knew he'd have to hike back and ferry back to the mainland to buy more groceries.
He sat across from her, brandishing his weapon with a sigh as he scratched his head with it. "Contrary to popular belief, I don't enjoy this life. It did this, to me." He gestured to his disfigured face and she chuckled.
Peter let out a laugh, but they both knew it was fake. They both knew that Peter didn't have it in him for laughter right now. Neither of them did, to tell the truth. All they wanted was to be together, but it would seem that the world wasn't ready for that just yet.
to start. Secondly, this guy helped fucking torture him for almost 10 goddamn years, kidnapped their son,
All Nat could do was watch from her place behind Steve and she decided that today was not the day to tell them what happened with Peter yesterday. She decided it would be good to wait and just spend some one on one time with Peter herself. She thought about taking him to the park later. She was sure he'd like to sit out in the sun and watch the birds.
He carried his somewhat heavy trash bags back up to the apartment and giggled as Natasha came to help him unload the gifts by the tree.
Steve smiled softly and reached down to pet the dog beside him. "She's good... Keeps lookin' for ya."
By the time that Wade actually arrived, 'soon' had become too late, and Peter had already escaped MJ and run back inside somewhere impossible to find. MJ waited outside until the man approached her and then had to explain how Peter had escaped her, and how she'd been looking everywhere with no sign of him.
Peter passed them over without hesitation and Wade plugged them in. Wade put the iPod into Peter's hands and told him he could listen to whatever he wanted.
"Of course I care!" He exclaimed. He wasn't worried about waking Peter. He had enough drugs in his body to keep him out for days.
Peter thought for a moment and weakly asked for Friday to find the answer. He was relieved to hear the real Friday speaking above him.
Wade quickly asked which one drugged him, and a sleazy looking boy in a beanie answered him from the corner. Wade pointed both pistols at him, demanding to know what he gave Peter.
...Now that he'd been with Peter again, all he had to do now was wait for the plan to be set in motion... Wade wondered if it would work this time, but if it didn't, he'd keep trying until it did.
Now it's Wade's turn to have pink cheeks and Peter just smiles. He feels fond of this man and the things that he remembers and he's grateful that Wade does even if he doesn't. Peter thanks the murderous maniac with too much time and money before gently laying it down on the bed behind them. Wade is quick to offer Peter the next bag and the boy wonders aloud if all of these gifts have the same kind of meaning to them.
Bucky pet his hair and told him what a good boy he was for being so quick to listen even after all this time. Bucky hadn't touched Tony like this in a hot minute, so every moment he had under Bucky's hot gaze was a blessing to Tony.
He didn't think that any of those bullies would think about bothering Peter now that they'd seen what he can do when he gets angry. Bucky thinks kids like that are the reasons for school shootings, and the online statistics only helped to further his theory... But Bucky didn't care much for statistics, he mostly cared now about results, and he'd do whatever it took to get them.
Rumlow let the boy up when his hair was completely soaked through, but he didn't stop touching him, now reaching down past his balls to prod at the boy's puckered hole. The boy squirmed, but once his hair was pulled again he was momentarily compliant.
He felt himself getting angry at the thought of someone thinking of Peter like an experiment. He remembers what it's like to be looked at like that. Like some weird creature of science. Like some school project you make in your basement. He knows what it's like to be at the hands of 'scientists' that think they can fix you. He remembers what it's like to suffer the torture of being 'fixed' and sometimes he regrets allowing himself to go through that. Most days he thinks he should have just let himself die.
Wade thought it would be better for his inside man to only know the main part of the plan. All of the extra flair was on Wade. The symbiotes were his idea, and it's a good thing too. It added drama to everything, sent everyone into a panic, and the panic was the perfect cover to the underlying chaos.
"He's a child Tony, it's not right for you to keep him isolated down here, you know what that could do to him. You know what it did to you." Natasha snapped. It wasn't often she bothered to badmouth Tony Stark to his face, but this was her little boy they were talking about. The only son she'd ever known, and the only child she'd ever let herself care for.
Rumlow was finished before him, and as soon as he finished eating his plate was taken away from him. Rumlow pointed him to the bathroom door and says that the shower doesn't work so he'll have to take a bath. He didn't question it and stood.
It would take him a long time to get over this, but at this moment, he had people with him and he would take that.
Steve kissed him gently and slid his fingers beneath Bucky's shirt. He could feel the risen scars along his skin, and he didn't know which ones were obtained in battle and which ones were self-inflicted. Steve wasn't sure he wanted to know the difference.
"Right before Peter left, he said "Яблоко от яблони"." Steve had no idea what that meant because he, of course, didn't speak Russain. Natalia lowered her weapon. Steve asked for clarification, and in unison, both Bucky and Nat said, "Like father like son."
It didn't seem to be the response that Stark was looking for. Bucky could tell by the way his eyes widened farther and he began to claw at his metallic grasp. Bucky lifted him up so his kicking feet barely scraped the floor. Stark started to struggle harder, but it was quickly becoming clear that the more he fought, the harder Bucky gripped onto his throat. The old Bucky, The Winter Soldier, wouldn't have even taken this long to end Stark, but the closer he got to taking the life out of Stark, the less inclined he felt to do it.
Steve hated hearing Bucky say such things about himself, but he couldn't get close enough to Bucky to hold him. He was manic, metal hand tightly gripping his knife. Steve knew Bucky wouldn't intentionally hurt him, but when he got like this there was no telling what might accidentally happen.
Though, he felt totally blindsided when fucking Team Stucky dropped the big bomb that he'd be moving again, to someplace he'd never been to before in a totally different part of the world. He couldn't believe his ears. Head trauma or not, this sounded like some bullshit.
Peter Parker was finally going out on a mission. It was nothing close to the mission he wanted, but it was a mission nonetheless.
With that he walked out the door, leaving Bucky halfway to tears. Peter was two floors down by the time Bucky got to the door. He had to watch the boy leave, at least to have a vague idea of where the boy would be going. Who knew what he'd do if he never came back again.
Peter furrowed his brows at the box before tearing it open. Under the paper was a sleek black box. He glanced up at Wade who urged him to open it. Inside was a brand new pair of Hender Scheme NMD R1 Adidas and Peter had never felt more in love in his life. He took one of the black shoes out of the box and wanted to cry because these were the exact shoes that he wanted- and they retailed for over a grand. The fact that Wade spent this on him when they'd only known one another for so long meant a fuck-ton.
Tony stopped walking entirely and Bucky almost collided with his back. Luckily his reflexes were fast enough he was able to jump back before Tony turned around. "VX9013 and CX4376 are two highly dangerous symbiotic organisms from another planet. They on adrenaline and grant almost spider-like powers to their hosts. They've been trapped in our high-security vaults for years, and NOW, your brat has endangered EVERYONE."
No, what she did was probably worse... She told Bucky. And Bucky nearly killed him for it. Tony touched his throat where Bucky's fingers had once been, easily stealing away any chance he'd get to breathe.
Wanda and Vision were fucking guys up left and right. Agents were being kicked, shot, thrown and blasted all over the place and somehow in the chaos, some of them felt oddly at peace.
Peter slipped Wade's bag off of his shoulders and sat down on it when it landed on the ground. Wade didn't even look phased by this.
Steve knows their planning is over for the day when Bucky glances at the clock and grabs his jacket. Steve knew better than to ask where he was going. He was going to go to the same place he'd been going since they rescued Peter. An old 'abandoned' S.H.I.E.L.D. warehouse only a little ways from here. Steve wanted to deliver his usual,
When Steve nodded at him from his place across the span of the doorway, Peter nodded back and crawled up the wall. When in position, he webbed the hands of five or six people before the bullets were aimed in his general direction.
Tony asked quietly about the makeup that was sitting out and asked if Peter was into that now. Peter, worried that he was being judged, said nothing at first. Not until Tony promised him that he was in no way making fun of him or judging him, and was just genuinely curious.
