“I don’t think it disappoints me Mr Holmes but let me say this. We know the location of every person on that list at this very moment. You may think you have them covered; your mother is amongst friends, your father is safely within your fortress of a home and your brother’s three are walking through the grounds of Kew Gardens admiring the fake snow., They are of course surrounded by an incredible amount of security, more than they realise, I’m sure. I see I finally have your attention, Mr Holmes.” Mitrović said jostling his chains to wave the hand with fingers still raised in Mycroft’s direction. “There’s one more name on your list isn’t there, Mr Holmes, and it’s a brand new name as well. Like I said Mr Holmes, we’ll bring you down with three little words. “
‘So all Holmes brothers have an organisation gene when it comes to clothes then? I have to admit your brother’s wardrobe and chest of draws were something to behold. Which reminds me,’ John passes him Mina, a task which is made slightly awkward by Minas focus on her beaker, he moves to support her in a similar hold to the one John had been using, he made it appear more natural than it seems to Mycroft, he felt unbalanced with Mina’s weight settled on one hip and arm, he hears John enter the back bedroom and sounds of rustling keep his attention until he feels small hands playing with his waistcoat, Mina always has a fascination with his clothing, John had made a joke last time that it was because she never saw someone so well dressed in her everyday life, he had noticed on numerous occasions her fascination with shiny objects and as such had worn a silver pocket watch today for her amusement.
John didn’t doubt it, he knew Mycroft, he knew how deeply he loved Mina, saw it every time he came to visit and divested himself of the material trappings of power he had employed for the entirety of his association with John to play on the floor chasing Mina on his hands and knees while she squealed with glee at escaping him, saw it when he donned an apron and helped Mina experiment with bubble blowing while John washed up and took half an hour to himself. He saw it in the gifts that arrived despite his objection once a week.
Greg had never been that fond of how open his office is to the rest of the department; the glass walls left him feeling exposed. He had spent the first months after making D.I. moving filing cabinets to award himself some privacy.It became steadily more important as Sherlock started becoming a regular fixture on cases, there were only so many times he could put up with being called an idiot in front of his team before it became completely humiliating. More recently, when his work had become a distraction from his failing marriage and his wife's ever worsening excuses for infidelity, the glass walls of his office had meant every passing colleague had a front line view of his humiliation.With Sherlock's fall from grace and his subsequent suicide Greg had been forced to take a leave of absence, the idea of having to sit behind that desk with his personal grief on display to his whole division; a room of people who believed he had been deceived for so many years, that he'd been taken in by a fraud, disgusted him, almost as much as it filled him with dread. So when he'd returned to work and seen the head of Scotland Yard heading towards his, highly public, office he had been certain he was about to be fired, in the full view of his subordinates. Instead however he had been handed documents pertaining to a long term project; Project Poppy, something he could be passionate about, something that would help to start rebuilding his faded standing in the police force. He had thanked every deity he could think of for the opportunity to once again do some good for London. He would not be thanking them today however, today he was cursing the day he had seen his boss approaching his office, because today he was sitting across from one of the best men he had ever known and trying to explain the impossible.
Mycroft knew the time had come to bite the proverbial bullet and get the serious conversations underway, ‘I fear ruining the tone of this evening but there are issues we must discuss, I know everyone at this table has questions which need answering and as lovely as this meal has been I believe the time has come for those questions to be asked. In this vein I suggest we retire to the family room next door and accompany our desert with some coffee.’
“Are you drunk Sherlock?” John asks quietly and Sherlock merely chuckles. It seems pertinent as they’re standing on their doorstep in the middle of the evening while Sherlock presses a very firm and prominent erection into the top of John’s arse and lower back.
He has to clear his throat three times before he manages to ask any form of question, when he does Major Sholto explains the injury he’d sustained during the evening raids, nothing too extreme, mild concussion, he’d been knocked unconscious while treating civilian casualties in one of the villages, he remembered his team had been mobilized when the resistance movement had taken over the neighbouring village, they’d received word of major casualties in the area they were leaving and they’d been deployed to provide aid.
But that had been his thinking truly, John Watson, doctor, soldier, loyal and loving, who else would he call. Who else could he have called, the possibility that either Holmes brother had known struck him as unlikely, given where he'd found her, he couldn’t imagine the child had been created in some loving embrace. More likely a drug induced nightmare, those thoughts bought Greg crashing into the nightmares of his past and pulling Sherlock through sobriety. Sherlock had never been the most self-aware drug addict, needle sharing he had been stringent with, this Greg knew he remembered the dressing down he had received from the dishevelled youth when he had first been forced to drag him from a crime scene doorway, where he had started spouting deductions a mile a minute to anyone that would listen.
Mycroft didn’t turn to look at John until his anger had petered out. He forced a glass of port into his hands, instructing him to drink it which John did. The liquor burned his throat and roiled his unsettled stomach into something like nausea but John pushed it down. He needed answers, he needed justice. Mina needed it. She needed to grow up in a world where her father was the hero of his story and not the villain.
“Of course I would.” Greg muttered this in Mycroft’s ear as he clasped his shoulder from behind. Mycroft rocked back on his heels, leaning into the pressure, his eyes still glued on Mina.
‘Excellent feel free to explore the grounds if you’d like,’ once Mycroft’s office door is closed behind him, John decides to go forwards across the paved veranda and perhaps follow the path by the edge of the garden’s border.
‘Will do Sal.’ He hangs up and turns back to the woman to see she’s gone again. The doors been left open though so he figures he’s supposed to follow. The hallway he enters can only be described as grand, the wood is dark and the wall sconces glimmer slightly, everything about it screams wealth and Greg feels even more disorientated. He follows a staircase down a floor before hearing noise coming from a semi closed dooway, it’s a man’s voice, he recognises it at once even if it is speaking Russian.
He watches from the sidelines as Sally commandeers a pool table and starts racking the balls, they’d had to leave Claire in the office along with a few other members of the team but Sally’s never short of opponents,
He’s not sure how he ends up in the uncomfortable plastic chair, there’s a nurse waving a small light in his face and he’s been covered in some heavy knit blanket, they check his vitals while he tries to demand updates on his team, Sally returns with a cup of tea and news, the scene had been secured and handed over to the back up team, forensics were now on site, Franklin and the other officer on her team who were injured only experienced minor sprains and a broken wrist. They were already on route back to the station for debriefing, Greg wonders If he’s supposed to do it but before he can open his mouth Sally is informing him that the Superintendent is handling debriefing and that Greg is likely to placed on sick leave until they get him a Psych evaluation.  He doesn’t want that, he’s about to object but Sally shakes her head at him, if he makes a fuss Devin and Sally will have no choice but to inform those higher up of his near attack on the perpetrator.
It was worse when I was a child, I used to scream and scream through them until I vomited. My mother, after the first four years, left me to my own devices. I do not mean to make her sound neglectful. I had the most thorough medical care John, through any and every illness, but my mother was never a coddler, at least not with me.
“It’s time for Anderson to see the other side of a cop car,” the mix of relish and anger was a strange one, but Sherlock strode out of Scotland Yard with a newfound purpose and drive, his blood pumping like it was filled with sweets.
sorry for like the crazy wait omg. finally  up !!! im trying to punch the next few out but im soooo busy so please bear with me !! :)
As the cars neared Anderson’s modest home, Sherlock tensed. He had already explained to the DI that he must be the one to catch him, to cuff him and put him in the car. Lestrade, not fully convinced that Anderson was guilty, was happy to oblige. However, it was obvious he trusted in Sherlock’s skill, and had no doubt his feeble opinion of his friend was soon to be put to the test.
“Donovan? Why would she do that?” John’s phone dinged from the recesses of his jacket. He pushed it down deeper. Greg spread his hands palms up.
“We’re leaving, John! Crime scenes to see, corpses to wrap up. The game is on,” he practically bounced to Lestrade’s car and made himself comfortable in the passenger seat. Greg caught up to John and shook his head. He swore he glimpsed a foreboding look in the detective’s eyes, but
“No, not at all. That’s not what I meant, John. I meant… I used to be like you. I think I might understand what’s happening to you,”
“Are you alright? I heard…” there was a pause, “I just wanted to make sure you were alright,” Sherlock heard a small fist pound on his door, presumably Watson, cradled in John’s arms. He still couldn’t bring himself to move, so he produced a weak reply and shut his eyes once again.
“Are you sure?” Will whispered. HIs touch was gentle, and kind. No matter how much he hated it, it was exactly what John wanted. He pulled Will onto him and let his hands explore.
Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, still. Seconds, minutes, seemed to pass. Nothing moved, except the slow dripping of his coat echoing on the stone floor. He didn’t know what was wrong with him. Why him? Sherlock reflected on this and, realizing it was quite futile, opened the first drawer. Staring down at the body bag, he thought about John. Sherlock had lied to him a couple of weeks ago, saying he had gone to examine the bodies. Why? He didn’t know. It felt like the first of many. Again, he decided, a problem for another day.
Four shots later, John was feeling comfortably relaxed. John supposed it couldn’t hurt to order another. And after that, one more. Having one too many shots after the day he had had… That couldn’t be a crime, John decided. The clock ticked, blurring. It settled on 11:30.
“Who? Who, Greg?” Rosie stirred as he leaned closer to Lestrade. His mind was spinning, the suspect board flashing in his vision, each face leering at him behind his eyes. He hadn’t felt this adrenaline since… Well, since Culverton Smith.
“I’m making a perfectly logical assumption based off the eleven years of experience I have had with you,” Sherlock smirked, seeming to play with the bewildered look on Lestrade’s face, “however, I am prepared to be surprised.”
“Thank god,” Sherlock’s silky voice splashed down the hall, the sarcasm seeping through the cracks of John’s bedroom door, “It’s eleven o’clock John, we’re going to be late for Lestrade. Again. And since your body seems to need sustenance every few, pathetic hours, you can stop at the cafe on your way out. I’m getting a taxi. I need to think,” John let out a controlled breath and tried to smile. It still felt more like a grimace, but at least he wouldn’t have to feel like he was falling short of Sherlock’s genius the whole cab ride to Scotland Yard. He didn’t need more of that.
John yawned and stretched, his shirt rising above his waistband, a slap of cold air hitting his stomach. He could hear Rosie gurgling in the next room on the quiet Sunday morning. Almost a year old now, she called John Dada and Sherlock Papa. John smiled and picked her up, bringing her to the kitchen for some food before dropping her off downstairs with Mrs. Hudson.
Back at the apartment, Sherlock was in his mind palace. He was already laying down on the couch, hands together, fingers splayed against his lips and thumbs under his chin as John strode through the doorway. He happened to glance down Sherlock’s arms and spotted three nicotine patches hiding barely below the sleeve. That was not reassuring. Then again, they had faced many three-patch problems in the past. Alas, that also meant that John was correct. Sherlock was definitely scared by this case, whether he decided to admit it or not. John knew he certainly was.
“How the bloody hell would I know? Do I look like his babysitter? You have surveillance all over. I’m sure you’ve noticed he’s out all the time nowadays. I don’t understand why you think anything’s changed.”
“No wonder no one believes you can actually do all these things you say you can,” she sniffed and click-clacked out of the room, muttering under her breathe. she left behind the faint smell of men’s deodorant, John noticed. Funny how some things never changed.
“I know you have been… down, Sherlock. I will be watching you, brother dear,” with that, Mycroft hung up. Sherlock resisted the urge to take John’s phone and crush it under his heel.
The dreams won't stop. Day in and night out, Sherlock is plagued. What will it take to make them go away? Meanwhile, John tries to balance the newfound chaos making its way into the duo's lives.
“Stop your stupid alliteration games. I want you to quit calling John to worry about me. Everything is fine.”
“Just about, yeah,” he picked up the cig and took one last, sad drag before flicking it back into the ashtray. John shut the door behind him and took a seat in one of the hard chairs facing Lestrade’s desk.
“What? No, Mycroft. There’s nothing wrong with him, I swear. He’s been reserved, but it’s nothing we haven’t seen before. It’s the case. It’s got us all rattled,”
“Precisely, John,” Sherlock declared, reading the puzzled look that had apparently etched itself onto John’s face perfectly, “It really is quite clever. Him, but also not him. Powers, Prince, and Woodbridge. Or rather, his roommate. It’s excellent,” All fear and concern dissipating, Sherlock clapped and swept himself dramatically out the back door, his coat billowing out behind him. He even popped up the collar.
John had not moved from the spot. Sometimes, Sherlock felt that his compatriot’s intelligence was also regressing. Then again, a little voice said, was his not as well?
“-You need to learn to trust my huge brain. My pot of knowledge overflows,” Sherlock added some flair to that statement, hands and fingers flying through the air. Lestrade gaped at him.
“He’s not still out there. You know that, right?” John uttered, fearing for anything that wasn’t a confirmation.
One of the most important lessons for John Watson of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers to learn was that life goes on. People go to war and die, but life goes on. Some people are murdered and others commit terrible crimes, but life goes on. The people closest to you can tragically and suddenly lose their lives, but life goes on. No matter how hard it was, John just had to keep trying to believe it. Most days, it was still tremendously difficult without her. He could see her in Rosie, the way the light bounced off her blonde curls, the vividness of her big blue eyes when she opened them wide to laugh. But the one thing that bothered John was that it wasn’t like losing Sherlock. Mary was strangely, annoyingly, different.
“Would you be willing to change that plan a bit?” John’s head lolled towards the other man’s, heart racing and thoughts screaming at him to stop.
“I said, I shall examine them when you tell me what you know,” John was clearly the only one to hear the faint hint of uncertainty in his voice as Greg backed up the porch steps and opened the door.
“No Greg. I think we shall stay. I’ll skip the tea, though I’m sure John will take some. What do you and Donovan have so far? I’ll examine… it, more thoroughly, later,” Lestrade gaped at Sherlock and gave him his famed incredulous look.
“Do you know what a guilty person looks like, Sherlock?” the detective’s mouth gaped as he looked desperately at Moriarty, “Oh, no, don’t look at me. She’s the live one. Ask her who did it. You just have to look for the guilty party, Sherlock. Why’s it so hard for you, huh?” Moriarty’s mouth split into a painful grin, stretching his face and tearing skin. Blood began to pool in Eurus’ eyes. Sherlock whimpered.
‘Come on Mycroft, I’ve just had two of your highly trained security team effectively checking for monsters, nightmares, ghouls or ghosties, I knew there was no one here but I couldn’t stop myself from panicking.’  Silence on the other end of the phone.
Hi just a minor warning, slight mention to child abuse, nothing graphic but the mention of it so if that triggers you then the section of speech starts 'Doctor Watson, you need to understand...' and it occurs towards to end. Stay happy lovely people, MJ X
Sherlock provides Mycroft with a note so Mycroft understands. It is clearly printed and on occasion vague but always honest.
“Perhaps at the beginning, Mr Mitrović” Mycroft mirrored Mitrović’s sneer of disdain with one of his own.
John couldn’t imagine, it was only seven thirty, Mina’s doesn’t normally go down for another half an hour and it’s normally a complete battle once she knows he’s going to leave. Why would she already be asleep? Maybe she was unwell and just like that John could feel himself start to panic, he knew he shouldn’t have left her, ‘Mrs Hudson it’s too early for her to be asleep and she doesn’t go down this quickly. Did she have her bath and her book, she likes to go to sleep to a story or she doesn’t sleep well.’
“Oooh like a sexy sat nav?” Greg felt himself flush with pleasure at the bark of laughter his comment elicited.
‘No Sally calm down, I’m fine, just disorientated,  everyone else ok?’ his thoughts turn to his team, they’d lost two of their own yesterday evening, ‘People been checking in?’
“I prefer my stories with a little more fact and a little less florish, Mr Mitrović.” Mycroft stated sharply.
The third year Sherlock's been dead for a while and so John doesn't know what to make of the parcel that turns up on his kitchen table accompanied by a note bearing Mycroft’s distinct style of imposing penmanship.
‘Yeah the lad managed to get you both out of there in one piece, although I must say I reckon Amanda got a great shot of you slung over his shoulder, whole team have been admiring your arse Watson.’ It’s John’s turn to laugh, he swings his legs to the side of the bed, sitting up in front of his mate he reaches out as if to slap the other mans shoulder, but his hand goes straight through, there’s a continuation of the noise now, it’s getting louder, more insistent, that mobile phone which had fallen to the back of his mind, he’s standing now, the beds in the room have gone and the mobile continues getting louder.
Redbeard died just after my twelfth birthday, I was broken by his loss John, he meant such a great deal to me and I had missed his final weeks because of my parents’ insistence that I attended the same school institution as countless Holmes men before me.
‘Well I can see no crown, who are you supposed to be anyway? It looks pretty generic right now’ he indicates the ensemble she’s wearing, Tammy whips up a long piece of red material and what look like a vest top, she turns her back on John while pulling the vest over her head and securing the longer material so it hangs down her back similar, John thinks, to a superhero cape.  When she turns around again he sees that the vest is embossed with a blue shield adorned with three golden crowns in a line down the centre.
His father had told him his mother was returning, her treatment at the hospital had been completed and her doctors were sending her home. From that day until her return he spent his days telling stories about her, the cuddles she gave and making promises of the games they would play once he could walk; their mother was a keen croquet player and had been teaching him the rules throughout her pregnancy and so on the day of her return, an unseasonably balmy morning for early September, he waited in his best church clothes for his mothers arrival. But the woman who returned was not his mother, she inhabited the same body but nothing about her was familiar, even her eyes, once vibrantly blue were dulled by her condition. In the nineteen seventies the health service had known little of the existence of postnatal depression, the doctors believed she was simply in shock following the traumatic birth and extended hospital visit, they said being at home and exposed to the comforts of family would serve her recovery well.
Sholto looks up from the chair he’s sitting in, his smile broad as John watches the skin on the left hand side of his face start to change, it rivets, bunches, discolours, scars, fire damage spreading so it touches from the corner of his eye to his jaw, John feels himself crying now, he’s shouting out trying to reach out to touch the brother he’d fought with, the ringing intensifies as the dream changes, his feet on solid ground, the surrounding buildings grey and tall, his face reflected back to him from the multitude of London windows, he sees the yellowing bricks of the building standing behind his reflection, the phone in his hand playing a different tune but blaring just as loud; he answers it,
‘I think you’re right, she’s just tall for a baby of her age I’ve been thinking more along eighteen months myself, I think we’d probably hope for a little more development in her but she seems pretty perfect. She is underweight though and malnourished, when we asked the children what they’d been eating they thought she’d been having those baby biscuits, Rusks I think they’re called and whatever the children would give her, water mostly instead of milk, but that’s not enough for a child. We’ve bought you a supply of special formula, she doesn’t like it much but it’s what she needs right now.’
“He would only have left me if he had no other choice,” John didn’t realise he had said this out loud.
He thinks back to his earlier conversation with Tammy, he could share these stories, modified enough to mask their true characters, without fear of recognition, it was tempting. The writing, planning and performance of their adventures had brought him a strong feeling of contentment and one he would be eager to replicate if the threat to himself and Mina’s privacy could be removed. He quickly sent off an email to Mycroft explaining his problem thinking that If anyone could help with security concerns it would be the elder Holmes brother.  He wasn’t expecting a reply until a more reasonable time but when he returned from his shower and dressing one was waiting for him;
‘No, no you don’t need to cancel,’ John finally managed to put his gun down, he kept it close to his thigh but he knew the majority of his anxiety had ended, ‘Her security team will be around right? They won’t let anyone enter the house.’
“No, Sebastian moved on a few days before. Said he was going back to New York to meet a contact but he never came back. Of course once Sherlock arrived it was only a matter of time before Frank’s empire came down around his ears. But Terry didn’t get caught. None of us knew where he went.”
‘If you say so’ Lisa looks towards him and for the first time he thinks he sees something like annoyance in her expression.
‘I meant what I said earlier, Mina, she is happy.’ He has an idea, something that will perhaps lighten the severely diminished tone of the evening. It would most likely be a pleasant way to end it in any case, ‘Come on I have something to show you.’  He follows Mycroft back into the house and continues of the path back to what he remembers Mycroft calling the family room. Siger is seated once more on one sofa and John points, by way of instruction, at the seat next to him hoping Mycroft will sit.
They don’t speak. John leads Sherlock upstairs and pauses at the top of the stairs to incline his head toward Sherlock’s bedroom door. Sherlock smiles in response and so they make their way down the corridor still holding hands.
‘Indeed,’ Mycroft moves to speak to Mina who’s moved herself to standing in front of her horse, ‘Goodbye Mina, be good.’ He kisses her head while she pats him on the cheek. John takes it as a sign of affection and from the small smile on Mycroft’s face he does the same. He watches from near the table while Mycroft descends the stairs,
‘John I wonder if I might impose on you to allow me a copy of this clip?’ John smiles at Mycroft’s request, more because he made the decision to ask and not simply perform some high tech wizardry to accomplish his means,
‘You are in for a treat Watson.’ Tammy followed him removing the rainbow scarf she’d draped over her shoulders, the woman’s fashion choices always made him smile, she was rarely conservative with her colour choices and more often than not her clothes told some form of story. He’d noticed that while in her store her clothing never ventured far from a jeans, t-shirt, converse combination but on the occasions he’d seen her outside of work she’d surprised him, often times looking more like a children television presenter rather than a business owner in her late twenties. ‘Today for our viewing pleasure I have bought some classic British Sci-Fi which beautifully blends the 1920’s style, time travel and in honour of your set company for tomorrow some landed gentry. There’s a country house, hidden passageways and a ball.’  She hops onto the kitchen side before removing her jacket, the t-shirt she wears underneath carries a circular emblem with interweaving lines, circles and crescent shapes. John can’t tell where he’s seen the golden design before but it strikes him as familiar.
‘John you were the first to see her for who she was, just from her picture,’ he waves a hand towards the D.I. but he means for it to indicate the police as a whole, ‘they had DNA evidence but that can be wrong, it can be fabricated,
‘Alright, let’s do a last arms check and then get moved out.’ The team dutifully check their guns and ammunition. Then they move out, the journey to the front of the building feels like it takes an age, moving in near complete darkness is not a fun undertaking but it’s a necessity.
“My daughter, Sherlock’s daughter, your niece has to grow up believing her father was a fraud, believing he was a traitor and a kidnapper when in fact he was the most brilliant, brave, wonderful man.”
I have become maudlin as the night draws on and with the depth with which I drink from this bottle. You would take it off me, tell me to sleep, wouldn’t you John? I wish I could. I doubt I will sleep tonight. There is still blood on my hands, under my nails, I can see it John but I can’t get it off. I am Lady Macbeth tonight John haunted by ghosts of my own creation.
She looked different John, is she? Not your usual type. Is that a good thing? You never did like those women John, the ones you say I drove away. But this one; elegance, intelligence, wit and undeniable beauty. Is she your dream John? Is she perfect to you? Does she treat you like a god and give you comfort with her body?
Mina struggled against sleep when John took her through their bedtime routine an hour later. He wrapped her tightly in her blanket and rested her in his lap on the bed in one of Mycroft’s guest rooms.
“Like I said Mr Holmes, we’ll bring your world down with three little words because there’s nothing you wouldn’t do to keep her safe. Three little words Mr Holmes; Mina Louise Holmes.”
‘She does Mycroft, she’s laughed and I’ve heard her make some letter sounds, she’s not mute, I think she’s just scared. The medical file explains a little did you look.’
Had Mycroft been asked to describe his Mother patient would not have been one of words he would have chosen,
It's so miserable here John and I miss London so. Simply the feel of that city’s ground beneath my feet would be heavenly.
‘Just some food so John doesn’t have to worry so much,’ she moves to pick up the baby monitor, ‘She’s been crying more recently, I catch John sometimes fast asleep on the sofa while she’s playing, I don’t think it’s easy with them both having nightmares.’  Mycroft considers this, he hadn’t thought about the impact this situation would be having on John’s mental health, with a history of PTSD heightened levels of stress could have a detrimental effect on everyday life. He’s not noticed a tremor in his hand but that first day they had re-entered 221b John had been walking with a slight limp. It had not been overtly noticeable but it had been present enough for Mycroft to pick up on it.
“No sir, right now you are four civilians under the protection of the British Government. This has been judged as a necessary precaution by Mycroft Holmes.”
‘I, right, yes I suppose, I just, I guess I don’t know quite what I’m doing yet’ he turns his head to address the little girl in front of him ‘I just found out about you see little one, but don’t you worry, I’m a quick learner and we’ll find out all this together, if I’d known about you before I guess I’d know what you liked and didn’t and we wouldn’t have to start from zero.’  John can’t help but realise how little he knows, he needs books and research, what chance has he got if he can’t even feed her.
His breathing is normalising but there’s still a ringing in his ears, it’s not a phone now though, it’s just the adrenaline he thinks. He focuses on his breathing but the bang from the front door being flung open brings his heart rate straight back up. There’s noise now, people in the corridor, their voices carrying and the multiple clicks of handgun safety’s being turned off.
The next time he wakes up he feels comfortable, his mind is slightly fuzzy around the edges as he drags himself back to conscious thought. The sky is slightly darker, overcast and he realises it’s very nearly six in the evening; he’s slept most of the day. He doesn’t remember how he got into bed but more importantly where he is, he’s about to go and investigate when he hears a tinny rattling noise coming from beside him, he looks to see his mobile shaking across the small cabinet.
‘Alright then, look I’m going to invite you to something because Mrs. Hudson thought you might want to come and honestly I think it could be good for you but I want you to feel up to it and just, if you don’t want to I completely understand.’
John thought back to that first dinner at Angelo’s, about Sherlock running out of the restaurant. John couldn’t think of a circumstance where he wouldn’t have followed him. Maybe it was some form of test. Only the people who accepted and appreciated the work were allowed in Sherlock’s little world. Perhaps if that man, Sherlock’s date (John did his best to squash the wave of jealousy the attacked his brain), if that man had just followed him, had taken some initiative and chased after Sherlock, maybe he would never have met John, never needed a flat mate and then, where would John be? Sherlock had changed his entire life. He had made it whole. John didn’t want to imagine a world where that meeting never took place.  If he was honest with himself he didn’t know if he would have lasted another month in that dingy bedsit without finally putting a bullet through his brain.
Six hours later when he awoke to tiny fingers pressing his nose his shoulder and back reminded him exactly why sleeping sitting up against a wall was a bad idea but the smile of Mina’s face was a clearer reminder of why he did not care.
“I don’t know Mycroft. It feels a little odd to come straight from Denise to you.” No matter how much he knew that relationship was behind him he didn’t want to start anything, anything real and complete, with Mycroft until he was completely unattached. Both he and Mycroft deserved more than for whatever this was or could be to start out with deception.
Tonight I am going to kill a man. You said once that one of the most important parts of owning a gun was that you trusted yourself to know when to shoot and when not to. I do not believe that I ever took the lesson you were teaching me in that moment to heart John.
Now, drug free, I endure them; the majority of the time with distraction but occasionally, on the worst of days, I lock myself away in a darkened room and attempt to sleep through it.
‘She can have foods, she’s a toddler after all, her teeth are coming in slowly but that might be down to her diet or just her development, every baby is different.’
Sally’s in his face then, she’s got her hands clasped on either side of his head, there are tears in her eyes, she’s begging him;
‘Thank you Samuel, please return to the car.’ Samuel inclines his head to the woman before doing the same to John with the addition of a small smile. Anthea waits until the front door has closed behind him before holding her hand out towards him,  he shrinks back from handing over his gun, she clicks her fingers and points to the other hand which is still clutching the phone,
‘Do you know the constellations Doctor Watson?’ John thinks back to Mina’s pushchair and the internal views of the night sky,
He wasn’t truly aware of moving, of knocking the metal chair out from under the prisoner, of using every ounce of his strength while connecting his fist with the man’s face. He became aware of it when strong arms wrapped around his chest heaving him backwards. When he watched Anthea slam the man’s face into the table blood splattering her cream blouse.  The blood was vibrant against the plain block colour of the blouse.  He watched as the woman drew her weapon, holding it to their prisoner’s forehead.
‘Ah well you see,’ the slight pink flush appearing on Mycroft’s cheeks bought the attention of the entire group. Clearing his throat Mycroft continued, ‘My parents had thought Sherlock would be a girl, the name they had selected for their perceived female child was Wilhelmina, the name of my father’s favourite aunt, a woman my mother had adored, they were rather set on the idea so when Sherlock appeared in the world as a rather skinny, screaming, baby boy they decided to continue to honor her by using the masculine form of her name, hence William.’
‘Well the estimate was made by the paramedics and doctors who’ve been treating her. To be honest with you I know very little about children myself. She does look a bit old to be called a baby though.’
They waited in silence while John stroked Mina’s back; her breath evening out as she lost her struggle with consciousness.
They rose as a group retreating to fill the fire lit reception room where a coffee service was already waiting for them; his staff was truly exceptional. Mycroft could already sense sudden influx of tension permeating the room but there was nothing to be done for it,
His other option had been calling Mycroft but the man had gone MIA since Sherlock’s fall, and although Greg missed his company terribly, he would never have felt right reaching out, especially considering the last time he had laid eyes on the man. Remembering the funeral had brought that painful tightness back to his gut it happened any time he remembered the devastated stare Mycroft had worn, those once shining eyes were dulled by grief and Greg had no idea how to remove that, how to help someone when they lost their one reason for living. Sherlock,Greg knew, had been Mycroft’s world, he may have kept the country running, kept the heads of state sane when the world was seemingly determined to do otherwise; Greg had gathered from Sherlock’s sneers that the elder Holmes had a great deal more to do with national security than he had ever admitted himself, but none of that had mattered in the face of losing someone he clearly held so close to his heart.
‘It’s Sherlock’s kid John, why wouldn't you look after her.’ The more Greg insisted the more John pulled away, hope was such a dangerous thing, he had always allowed it to overpower him but he could stay strong this time,
He looked up to ask John where the dress had come when he realised no one in the room was talking, both adults were stood staring between the kitchen table and himself while he held the white dress, had he overstepped the social boundaries on this occasion, it was highly possible, by attempting to offer aid perhaps he had once again managed to imply John was somehow lacking.
‘Oh well I thought we could invite your nice detective friend, Mr Lestrade. He could drive us and honestly I thought he could use a nice day out after everything he’s been through recently.’
“What; you and Mycroft?” John asked. At Greg’s awkward nod John found himself laughing lightly. “No Greg of course I don’t. You’re like my best mate and he’s basically my brother in law. Realistically if you make each other happy I couldn’t not be glad.” Greg still looked disbelieving. “You both deserve some serious joy in your lives, especially after the last year. If you’ve found just that together then I think it’s wonderful. Congratulations mate, seriously.”
‘It’s wonderful, Sherlock, her father, he loved bees, and music, I guess maybe this would be fitting’, his smile is a little watery as he presses kisses into Mina’s hair; she’s still staring at the bee but moves her hands back to John’s jumper. It’s been a long day, they’re both ready to go home, standing again he asks if Tammy will bring the toy for them as well.  Anthea helps him balance the bags and Mina who’s become intent on having a nap attached to John, he’s not complaining but it makes loading a car difficult, he’s about to navigate the car seat again when the front of the store opens,
I deplore trains in this part of the world. There is a certain degree to which one can find entertainment in the behaviour of the masses but a much larger reality is to be found in the disruption the noise they create brings. I have wrapped myself within my coat, as much as I am able, as I have myself hunched into the corner of this compartment. There is no peace to be found here.
Mina’s lays on her belly fast asleep, her eyelids flicker in a dream but she’s not making a sound, John circles with his gun but there’s no one there, he can still hear her screaming but can see she isn’t, he can still hear the feet on the stairs but when he checks there’s no one there.
Mycroft tried not to cringe at his mother addressing his team of highly trained agents as ‘your girls’ he had tried explaining on numerous occasions that the women formed part of his governmental workforce but his mother maintained the opinion that they were hers to order at will. Anthea in particular had developed a grin and bear it attitude to interactions with his mother. Not to mention that the truth was he had left Gregory’s care to his staff until his mother had brow beaten him into submission, she had witnessed him carrying the Detective into the house after the man had passed out in the car, seen him place the man on the sofa and check him for injuries, she had seen his panicked pacing when his security team had informed him Gregory was refusing treatment at the hospital, (and unknown to him she had also come across him dozing lightly on the bed next to the silver haired man, laying on his side one arm laying across the top of the pillow holding Gregory’s head and the other thrown across his companion) Mycroft had woken to find his hand resting over the man’s heart its steady rhythm having lulled him to a dreamless sleep, when he walked into the hall, slightly chagrined to have slept next to the man he harboured a seemingly unending devotion for without his knowledge he had found his mother waiting.
“Come to bed with me?” John asks and Sherlock nods timidly. Now that the mask has dropped Sherlock looks exhausted.
‘Now you listen to me Mycroft Holmes, he’s a good man and a good father, he’s handling it perfectly, you don’t go interfering or we’ll be having words young man. Understood?’
In the three hours since Lisa had left John had managed to feed Mina without covering either of them in spaghetti, although that was more through the discovery of baby cutlery than anything else. John was worried about overwhelming her with new flavours but the recipe was in the binder and it seemed like a good place to start, as it turned out the binder did contain pretty much everything, combined with the internet research he discovered the perfect temperature the heat a child’s bath too, the temperature the special formula should be heated too, he still thought they should have put that on the box.
‘I wasn’t aware she took naps at this time, I thought it was just in the morning?’ John nodded his head in agreement, she’d refused to go down earlier, she’d woken at three that morning and had refused to sleep alone since, she’d curled up on John’s chest as he’d read her a story in Sherlock’s bed but the second he’d moved to put her down she’d woken up.
“Before it was all very civilised; tea, lunch, obnoxious restaurants and the like. Typical Mycroft.”
MOVED FROM FRANCE TO SPAIN. 'INTERVIEWED' THREE INFORMANTS. GATHERED INFORMATION ABOUT MORIARTY'S COMMAND GROUP. LEARNT THAT ASSASSINS WERE STILL IN LONDON. GREW FRUSTRATED. STARTED BARE KNUCKLE BOXING TO EARN MONEY. BEAT A MEMBER OF THE ROYAL FAMILY. FLED COUNTRY. STILL NO INVESTIGATING.
‘Why not just paint the walls, most of the furniture is a dark wood, yellow or blue might be nice.’ John nodded his head in acknowledgment, he’d considered it, Mrs Hudson had been happy to allow him free reign with any decorations he wanted but he was growing increasingly attached to the idea of the quotes,
‘My mother is a very singular human being John, very much like Sherlock you understand; she has been blessed with a high intellect, a mostly scientific brain and unfortunately the same severe lack of tact my brother often displayed. I say this not to put you on your guard you understand, my mother in no way means to be cruel, she just fails to see how her words can be understood in ways other than those she means to relay.’  The two men drain what is left in their glasses, Mycroft drawing the final mouthful of smoke from his cigarette before extinguishing it in the heavy set ashtray in the centre of the table, the crystal reminds him of the one Sherlock lifted from the palace.
They go to bed still dressed in their underwear and still holding hands. John’s last thought before he drops into sleep is he hopes Sherlock doesn’t regret this in the morning.
As if on cue he heard a minor commotion outside and assumed Anthea had just returned from whatever errand she had departed on to realise the girl had sent the call through without consulting her or warning Mycroft.
‘Good morning John, is there a reason you’re currently sat on the stairs holding your gun?’ John’s never doubted Mycroft had cameras in their home, he hopes beyond anything that they’re not in, what was once Sherlock’s and now, his bedroom,
In any case I digress; Mycroft isn’t the worst of the worst and at the age of fifteen my Grandfather, whom I disliked with a passion, dragged me out of bed and presented me with a rifle longer than my arm. A family tradition apparently to go pheasant hunting the first season after your fifteenth birthday. It would be fair to say I bottled it John. Yes I went with them, yes I held the gun but at the age of fifteen I had no more interest in it than in the stream of debutantes my Mother seemed determined to introduce me to.
‘John,’ there’s a small pause and John wonders if this is going to be one of those long phone conversations where someone tells him he’s a nutter, maybe Mycroft will doubt his abilities to care for Mina, try to take her away, his hand tightens around his gun in response to the thought, ‘Captain Watson, I need you to tell me if Mina is alright?’ John pauses again, but he can answer these questions it’s no different from the army really,
Mycroft pushed away from the table., He already knew two of the three., 221b Baker Street was about to become the most secure location in the country.
Greg couldn’t honestly account for the slight stab of disappointment that ran through him at the thought of not seeing Mycroft; if he was being honest with himself he would admit that part of him, the part of him that longed to feel Mycroft’s body press him firmly into a mattress and take him apart with his teeth, tongue, hands and cock, had hoped the man would attempt to seduce him. He repressed that side though, promising to his slightly twitching member that he would bring himself off to the memory of Mycroft’s hands and voice once he was settled somewhere for the night.
They part under the portico, clasping hands and promising to be in contact tomorrow to organise something more with the family before Mina’s Grandparents return to Yorkshire.  As John climbs into the car he feels a rush of relief. The evening has been a mixed bag emotionally and he’s eager to be home. His regular reports had petered off about an hour ago but he’d checked with Anthea before leaving and she’d informed him everyone at Baker Street was now asleep.  He honestly couldn’t wait to join them.
‘So little Mina you’ve had a big day, tomorrow should be easier I think, we’ve got folders of information but Daddy needs to buy some books and you need toys and blankets and clothes and so many things, we’re going to have a wonderful day and by the end of it maybe I’ll be used to calling myself Daddy, what do you think,’ her eyes were drooping but John couldn’t make himself move, sat here surrounded by fairy lights with his back against the solid structure of 221b he felt more comfortable than he had in months, perhaps years, Mina’s breaths were steady and in sleep her face relaxed into a softer shape, she’d turned into him and John didn’t want to let her go, her crib seemed too far and disturbing her seemed rude so he stayed there, wrapped in the blanket he covered them both with and told himself he’d move when he felt tiered, ignoring the yawns he’d been experiencing for the last hour. This was where he wanted to be, wrapped in a cocoon with his baby girl, something he hadn’t known he needed until he had it.
“We have a few days left until then. How about I show you London? We’ll have to find you something to wear, and I think you need to practice walking on two feet.
Sherlock helps him into his coat, and waves him goodbye. He throws one last hard stare at John, who nods at him, looking determined.
"He wrote you that awful letter and couldn't even hand it to you himself. He threw you right back into the arms of drugs."
Sherlock says quietly. The sound of the train and the walking passengers nearly drown his words. He leans his curled head against John’s good shoulder and closes his eyes.
who is waiting for them at the entrance of the Forbidden Forest. Her long grey hair is up in a bun and her eyes are glittering with fury.
Sherlock smiled: “Of course.” John’s gaze wanders to Sherlock’s lips, and his whole resolve grumbles. Mycroft is still staring determined at his laptop, so John pressed a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
Willow. The Forbidden Forest lies in the dark and is completely still, no gigantic spiders are to be seen. Thousands of stars, far away from pollution, are shining in the sky.
students to participate in. These extracurricular activities will help you meet new acquaintances from the other houses and hopefully also further your interests. The professors will introduce their clubs tomorrow and you can sign up to their lists in the common rooms.
, though he was worried Sherlock would see it as too much of a cliché. Instead, the boy wears it proudly. The colour of the flower matches his eyes, and John is very proud of his choice.
This is an unplanned sequel to "Let's Go Home", my fic for the #Always1895 June writing prompt. Some people asked for  more chapters and I started to get interested too.
After looking everywhere again and again, John had to concede. His dog tags were simply missing, and there was no way to get them back.
He tries, but a man just shoves him to the side and mumbles something about Sherlock being a bloody dickhead.
has grown this year again. First and second graders are crawling into the pumpkins and snapping pictures together with their cameras.
and John had worked out the plan while Sherlock was in recovery. John was supposed to stay with Mary until the baby could be given to David, and
The blanket moved a bit, but Sherlock didn’t appear. Mycroft watched as John carried one, seemingly not bothered. He was amazed at the patience the blond boy exercised. The blond boy blabbered on, filling the cold air with words. Mycroft watched them get up, eat a few pieces of bread and a glass of milk, and finally how they were sent to bed. Two or three children had to sleep on one mattress with only one blanket, and John choose the place next to Sherlock.
John places his hand in the middle of his lower back. Sherlock automatically reaches for John’s neck to secure himself. John straightens himself one more time and Sherlock arches backwards, dropping his head slightly to the floor, while John’s arms, strong from his weekly rugby playing, holds his body up. He distantly hears their friends clapping, but all John can focus on is Sherlock’s beautiful expression. He is full of trust, and John pulls him carefully back to his feet. Sherlock hides his face in John’s shoulder, and John can feel his burning face.
His sandals clad feet scrapped against the rough surface when the starting tone resounded. The audience erupted into loud screams. John started to sprint directly to his enemy, who stood there, legs spread, waiting for him. John threw his spear with a firm arm move, and it landed right in the
books for his mistress. Sherlock considers if he should warn the man that the BDSM in this book is not correctly portrayed at all and that the mistress will throw him out for trying (and rightly so), but decides against it. He does not want to give Mrs. Hudson the headache of dealing with another disgruntled customer.
Mary should have known. Even if Sherlock had died after his jump, she would always have been the substitute. Never equal to a dead man. Later, there were three people in her marriage.
Especially after everything that happened, nearly two years ago. The nightmares had kept him awake for months, and only Mary’s presence in bed has helped him. She reacted surprised when John asked if he could move from his tiny flat into her house, but she happily agreed when he explained how much more time they would be able to spend together. Mary was a nurse in a clinic, and they often kept long-working hours. Now, she was growing a bit tired of his grumpiness in the morning, and even tried to recommend him sleeping pills. John never heard of these pills, and when he googled it, he found out that it was made by a factory in Romania, which did not deliver into Great Britain. He asked Mary about, curious, but she only laughed and said that she must have read about it somewhere.
His feet brought quickly to the Room of Wishes. The door opened when he walked to it, inviting him in. It had turned into John’s and Sherlock’s favourite version, a cuddly room with a fireplace, which wasn't on at the moment, a soft chair, lots of bookshelves and most importantly, two beds. Sherlock threw himself into one of them and buried his quivering body under the blanket.
“You know what I really miss.” John says, and his doctor/soldier character devolves into a puddle of tears on the screen.
Sherlock rolls his eyes: “I do have to give you my present now. If I am naked, you won’t be able to concentrate.
. It was John’s, sitting his small, undecorated, empty, soulless flat with only his whiskey as company. No fights, no skulls, no morgue, only a visit to the graveyard and a bad migraine the morning after. John felt his life to be over again. No one came to visit him, he had taken care of that. They had been more Sherlock’s friends than his anyway. John had the privilege to orbit 18 months around this brilliant, human being, and that was it. 18 months had to be enough for a lifetime.
John shouts, and when Sally just blinks at him confused, John rips the phone out of her hand and hangs up.
An old talk with Irene came to his mind, who once made out with the girl from the bakery to get a discount for her
Kissing Sherlock would be an activity John wanted to perform for the rest of his life. Their relationship wouldn’t be as restricted as
At Christmas Time, many people are thankfully still resorting to gifting the greatest present of all time. Therefore,
John Watson had become better in concealing his emotions, in acting, but never good enough for her. She caught the loathing in her eyes every time the doctor looked at her. His hand had been perfectly calm.
As far as John remembered, Lestrade had only moved into this flat a few months after Sherlock’s fall. The whole investigation only just saved Lestrade from being fired, and the divorce did the rest. His flat looked more spacious than John’s small flat, but not terribly nice either. Not even with a high-ranking job at Scotland Yard could someone afford a nice home in London.
The air smells of hospital, but also of biscuits and pines. The nurses are playing quiet Christmas songs. It’s the season of joy, but John and Sherlock are in hospital, and there is a body in the morgue. At least, John can offer comfort, and that’s exactly what he does.
“The men weren’t sent by Holmes, they were dressing up as knights to make sure our kingdoms will be at war again. And since when do you care about the lower class?
Sherlock would do everything for him (except maybe buying the milk, because honestly, how boring), for John’s safety and his happiness. That why he didn’t think much about jumping from the roof of St.
here has made himself a good reputation. He is very obedient and most importantly, intelligent and quick thinking. Exactly what you are looking for, Mr Marley.
He does not remember who bit him. It happened during one of his drug binges, and he turned at the next full moon. Thankfully Mycroft appeared just in time to rescue him from biting people himself, and Sherlock is forever terrified of growing uncontrolled again. That’s why he hides the potion well and mixes the ingredients himself. Better safe than sorry, as Mrs. Hudson often preaches.
Seventh, John is going to tell him. Today, in the evening, when they are sitting in their holiday home and sipping tea by the fire. John will take Sherlock Holmes to bed tonight, and the train journey to their destination feels endless.
John doesn’t bother with getting a chair. He sits down carefully at Sherlock’s side. John can feel the heat from Sherlock’s body through his shirt, and it calms his down enough to fully slip into doctor mode. He caresses his hand through Sherlock curls to jitter Sherlock’s nerves, but the detective doesn’t react. John gently pries his arms away from Sherlock’s face, whose eyes are scrunched shut. There are multiple bruises forming on Sherlock’s right side of the face, probably the side he fell on. His eyebrow is crusted with blood, and there are small pieces of glass in his hair. John gently pulls Sherlock up in a sitting position and presses Sherlock’s face to his chest.
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, with his long legs draped over a new stool in front of it. His ribs are not fully healed yet, his back still hurts like hell and his left leg continues to give him lots of trouble. His injuries were a parting gift from Mary Moran, formerly known as Mary Watson. It’s one of the things Sherlock prefers not to think about, especially not during the holidays.
Anthea visited them three days after, carrying Mycrofts will and his signature ring. The ring was now lying beside the skull above the fireplace and Sherlock was rich. (Sherlock would have thrown all of this into the void just to have one last talk.)
Sherlock hastily scrambles his books together: “Sorry, I have to be off. The next students will arrive soon.
In the meantime John had raised the upper part of the bed and carefully wrestled the white hospital gown over Sherlock’s thin shoulders. Lestrade caught a glimpse of more large bruises on his arms and chest, and even more worrying, two burns over his ribs. Christ, what have those monsters done to him?
Oh, how he would love to prowl the forest, hunting for fresh meat! His throat is dry and his mouth opens to gnarl, wanting to eat, to destroy.
The day started, as many terrible days do, with a bad cup of coffee. Sherlock tries to hide his disgusted grimace at his first sip with his cup. It’s the first day for the waitress, who needs her job to continue studying medicine at one of the most expensive cities in the world, and he doesn’t want to ruin it.
He gets up and asks Mycroft if he wants something too, but his brother shakes his head, typing on his laptop.
Staring at the mysterious door a little longer, he came to his senses. This was probably just a very small room, with maybe the power box and the pipes in it. There was no door lock either, just a latch. John opened the door and stepped into the room, which was as expected tiny so tiny that a grown man could not stretch his legs, and also smelled horrible.
A life as a gladiator was a peculiarly hard one, either you were popular with the Roman people and could maybe earn money for themselves (the biggest dream of every slave was to buy themself free, but this dream was seldom fulfilled), or die a brutal death in the arena. For Anderson, it will be the latter one.
John pushes the first finger into Sherlock. It burns, but they wait a few seconds until the feeling subsides. John moves the finger around, and soon, the second finger joins in. Sherlock moans into the pillow. The stinging is nearly unbearable for a second.
Gregory sighed: “It seems that, like last year, all my effort is in vain. Just allow me to celebrate Christmas like I want to!
Mrs. Hudson arrives, carrying a red box, which is traditionally filled with their trivia quiz questions. “And no peeking.
John bites back, his face purple with anger. Smith steps back a bit, although he tries to make it look natural.
himself was only 23 years old, but many guessed him older, for he behaved like a serious, forty-year old man. He was quite tall and always wore dark suits out of the finest material. His noise was long and his lips thin. His eyes were a dark brown and there was rarely any light in them. No one had ever seen him without one of his black umbrellas, usually hanging over his arm. A young man like him may be inclined to twirl with it constantly, but
, they managed to cut his chains open. John knows that it would have been wiser to wait for the paramedics and the stretcher, but his selfishness won. He wanted to get Sherlock out of that basement where he nearly died in as soon as possible, away from the corpse of his would-be murderer. He needed Sherlock close to him, to reassure himself that Sherlock is alive and safe and no longer missing. So he ended up carrying an exhausted and sleepy Sherlock out of the house, followed by dozens of curious eyes.
He stammers out and walks out of their booth. Now that he is standing, the consumed alcohol is rising to his head, and he feels like he is walking on a rapidly moving platform.
John whispers, and Sherlock leans back. John shuffles himself a bit up, so he can reach Sherlock’s scarred back better. John lets his warm hands slowly wander over each one of them. He touches Sherlock like he is made out of priceless porcelain, and today, Sherlock allows himself to enjoy it.
Sherlock crunched his teeth and tried for the thousand time to connect with the Wi-Fi from the small hotel his family is staying in. It still didn’t work. Apparently the internet had not been invented in this town yet.
Sherlock and John have to face the consequences of what happened during the last night, and Sherlock fears he will have to leave Hogwarts, forever this time. Additionally, there is also the unaddressed romantic tension which both of them feel clearly...
When the doctor could hear his breathing slowing down he moved a step aside, grabbed the chair and placed it under his feet. Sherlock would have collapsed on it but John snatched one of his arms around his hip to keep him on his feet. He carefully climbed on the chair too and untied the noose from the hook. Johns arms were immediately around him again and he laid him down on the ground (he must have noticed that Sherlock never wanted to be on that table again).
said. “I finally send off my letter to Scotland Yard yesterday — I hope they will let me join the force.
field. Sherlock spies two first years, five second years, four third years and three fourth years. Eight girls and six boys.
John promised himself that he would ask Mycroft to talk with Mary himself as soon as she was in custody of the British crown. He demanded answers. After that, Mycroft could leave her in his darkest cell and throw away the key for all John cared.
Sherlock pulls on his best fake smile, the one he used at school for seven years: “I’m fine. And even if I weren’t, it would not be any of your bloody business.
In reality, John was terrified. He stepped from one foot to the other, trying to calm his nerves. He lets his eyes roam over the waiting guests. Most of them were now seated. If only Sherlock was here now, but he mentioned that Mary wanted to talk to him before the ceremony. For a second John imagined that the two of them ran into the sunset, holding hands. He shook his head quickly to get that ridiculous thought out of it’s head. Mary loved him, after all, and Sherlock promised to never leave again without telling him first. Tell him first so John could follow him. The two of them against the rest of the world. Well, three now, really. Mary had inserted herself right into their dynamic, acting like their kindergarten teacher. It felt weird, her joining them on cases. To be honest John was quite annoyed at her for that, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. It still surprised John how well he and Mary were together. They became friends fast over the past months. After all, John always wished Sherlock would be nicer to his dates. Another reason to be thrilled today.
"John! John!“ Sherlock’s shouting makes John sprint up the stairs leading to their flat. The detective’s voice is terrified. He bursts into the bathroom, where a half-dressed detective is standing in front of the mirror, pure horror in his face.
These words from his brother Mycroft may as well be their family’s motto. Most events in Sherlock’s past have proven his brother right.
knew he was dead. How could it be otherwise? After his adoptive mother died, Old Marley introduced him to his business at a very young age, and
Wait. What? Is this another announcement Sherlock missed? He certainly did not set up any clubs or sports teams.
’s nose, and he and John immediately chased after her. It all ended on that damn tarmac, with two corpses, a shaking Sherlock and a cold-blooded John.
“Are they dead?” John said. His hand wandered to Sherlock’s knee and gripped it tightly. Sherlock put his hand over John’s and squeezed it tightly.
Second, he was in a deep depression after he was forced to leave the army. He was ready to shoot himself in his miserable flat. Meeting Sherlock was the best that could possibly have happened to him and still is. Sherlock gave him a home, a purpose, and a deep sense of friendship.
He narrows his eyes and twitches his nose. John stares at him open-mouthed for a few minutes, then starts pulling at his jumper.
A nurse approached and nodded to the only occupied hospital room. John stands up and prepares himself mentally. Sherlock will need him now as his boyfriend, not as his doctor or even worse, a soldier.
"Good.“ Sherlock pressed his face in John’s shoulder. This was all very overwhelming. "I do want things to change.“
You don’t seriously think this simple trick will delay the search for me for more than five seconds?
The delivery boy took a deep breath, then offered Sherlock his hand. Sherlock stared at this particular gorgeous part of his body for a long moment until he realized that he was supposed to take it.
John asks his best friend for now nearly seven years. To his endless surprise, Sherlock stumbles a bit and falls silent.
are talking in the kitchen about something Brexit-related. They are listening to a live broadcast from Trafalgar Square, that plays the most horrid music of the year.
Over the next decade, he witnessed a few of his friends married, but they never stayed John’s friends for long. John strayed from one place to the next, drifted from people to people. The army was a short refuge for him, a place where he truly belonged, but this life did not stick around for long either. After he was shot, he considered suicide. Every night, he clutched his smuggled gun in sweaty hands and considered just ending it all.
For now, nothing was more important that Sherlock Holmes was breathing, he was badly hurt, and he was drugged and bleeding and crying and John cut through the ropes, ripped away the gag and the needles, and there he was, Sherlock Holmes was looking at him again, and oh, they were both so broken, but at last the sun would shine on them again.
An authoritative voice erupt, and it is suddenly eerily quiet. Sherlock can only hear his rapid breathing and John — he is back, finally — running towards his fallen figure.
Since John could remember, Sherlock was always rumored to be gay. When the medical student was just going through the process of finding out he is bisexual, the young prince -nineteen at that time- had made a short public announcement that he only loved man. It was the first time that a member of the Royal Family seemed somewhat approachable to John, and he started to observe Sherlock in the upcoming months more closely. The young man had a one-year-long relationship with another rich nobleman, Victor Trevor, who first kissed him and then publicly broke up with him. Last thing he had heard about that asshole was that he had spent all the money he gained for breaking Sherlock’s heart and was now bankrupt.
There is another thing he is very happy about that Mycroft has not mentioned yet. Something is developing at 221b Baker Street. John has been touching Sherlock more often these weeks, ruffling his curls, brushing his fingers, clasping his shoulders. Every touch sends Sherlock little explosions through his spine. It all came down two days ago in the evening. They had been watching the latest Great British Bake-Off Episode, when John has suddenly kissed him. Just like that! They haven’t done anything else so far, but Sherlock is so happy he doesn’t remember when he had ever felt better.
Sherlock is going to get fired from the only job he ever loved, he is going to get evicted from the only home he has ever known, and he will be forced to leave the only person he ever loved.
The door in the ceiling opens and Santa carefully steps down the ladder. Maybe Sherlock fell asleep or unconscious for a second, because the next thing he notices is Santa rubbing his stomach.
Sherlock says quietly, his heart sinking. Of course, a handsome, talented and kind student like John Watson would have many admirers. Sherlock did not have a chance at all!
He whimpers and is answered with another hard punch, this time against his eyebrow. He can feel blood slowly running down his cheek.
“No, not really. Most students did not appreciate the deductions I made about them, and for the rest of the time, I preferred the library or an empty classroom.
Another commotion rips Sherlock out of his thoughts, and he notices with horror that this time, it’s aimed at him and his husband. Three or four bulky men (dear god, more cousins?) advance on him and drag him to his feet. Two hands start ripping at the hem around his shoulders, and Sherlock realizes with horror that apparently the drunk brutes want to have a piece of the price too before the prince gets it.
During his two years Sherlock had come to the conclusion that all of his brothers lessons were ultimately wrong. He wasn’t able to follow his path any longer. He loves John Watson, and he broke his heart when he married someone else but in the end everything worked out perfectly between the two of them, right? John was rubbing his thumb over his hand and whispered:
It’s New Year’s Eve, and for the first time in years, Sherlock is actually looking forward to the New Year. John Watson is back at Baker Street, and they have finally talked about everything. What happened in the two years in John’s life, what happened during Sherlock’s travels through Europe, Asia and North America and his imprisonment in Serbia, their reunion and the bomb in the train, John’s wedding and everything that wasn’t said on that day, Mary shooting Sherlock, why John had to return to Mary, Sherlock shooting
John asks while scrubbing, “From which, the Daily Mail and The Sun? Almost everything that’s written about us is made of lies and complete rubbish.
Today was the birthday of the glorious emperor, and the citizens of Rome expected a bloodbath. John intended to deliver them one. One way or another.
Time passes, and Sherlock has no idea how late it actually is. It was already dark outside when they arrived, and they did not meet any of the house occupants, so it must be
sir Walter declares in his nasal voice and throws the knife away. “Now lets stuff that filthy mouth of yours.
has gone to bed, he said, we can celebrate. He had kissed John then to show him exactly what he meant with celebration. John could not wait.
locked the door twice, to calm himself and to keep out any more surprises, put on his red dressing gown and made himself comfortable in front of the fireplace with a glass of expensive whiskey.
Sherlock had been tied with ropes around his wrists and ankles in a disturbingly professional manner. The detective had often proven in the past how quickly he could slip out of many restraints, but there was no escaping this without help. John needed ten minutes to untangle the ropes around his wrists alone. They had left deep gashes behind, probably from former restraints as well, and rope burn. John had to clench his teeth to keep himself from cursing. He could have walked to their kitchen and bring back scissors or a knife, but he didn’t want to leave Sherlock out of his sight for even one second. Not now that he finally had him back. The doctor also forced himself to not look at his friends bald head, his sunken and grey faces, the bruises on his face and his arms, his emaciated body, and the terrible state of his clothes. Apparently, Mary had even neglected the detective to at least wash and relieve himself in a dignified manner.
“I listen to your music almost every day, whenever I go to my job at Starbucks another street away, but I am always in a hurry, so I never get the chance to hear a full song from you.”
Sherlock and John arrive at their home. John lays down some ground rules and the two spent their first, very difficult, night together.
’s example of a failed marriage did help with that), because life with Sherlock was certainly nothing expected and yet never felt anything so right.
“No, but really Sherlock. Please tell me that Anderson secretly knew, because if he was really the only one of us to figure it all out, I’m going to eat my police badge.”
, but he didn’t think it would be that bad. The war between the House of Watson and the House of Holmes has been going on since Sherlock was born, and now that he is 16, he is being forced to marry the oldest son of King Harold, John Watson.
Sherlock had already visited the Mirror three times, read everything he could find about it in the library, before he finally told John.
The man openly leers, and his huge hands are suddenly in Sherlock’s hair, pulling mockingly at one of the curls. Sherlock manages to punch the hand away.
It’s Sherlock. Ice cold skin and no fishtail, but long legs. Here, in London. John has no clue how this happened, how the river brought Sherlock from their home beach to the shores of the Themes, but right now, there is no time to find out. John has to act quickly now.
“They would have killed you!” Sherlock suddenly shouted. The blanket fell to the ground as he suddenly stood up.
He opened the old door with a not very reassuring sound and squinted into the dark. His left hand searched for a light switch, but there wasn’t one. John seriously considered just giving up here and there (he still had to watch the new season of Doctor Who), but then decided that he was a soldier after all and could deal with a dark basement. He returned with his phone, turned on the flashlight and carefully walked down the groaning staircase.
John carefully pushes him on his back on the comfortable bed. He presses his lovely lips on Sherlock’s, their second kiss so far, but this one is so much better than their first kiss at the altar. It is deeper, warmer and no one stares at them. During their kiss, John’s hands wander down to Sherlock’s trousers, and Sherlock involuntarily stiffens. For a second, he is back on the table with the creepy doctor, and he cannot shake the image away.
The auction drowns on, and Sherlock wishes he could hide his face in his hands, but they tied him up like a bad dog and told him they would light his fresh collar around his neck on fire if he tries to run away or talks. Sherlock is all alone, and no one cares in the whole world.
hated hunting. He preferred sitting at their kitchen table, planning his political future, while Sherlock tried to attract bees to their garden. Their father shot the animals, and he resented his sons that they wouldn’t accompany him.
John congratulates him, and Sherlock wants to preen as usual, but today, he can’t help but frown. How many times will John still say it, how long until he meets pupils who are much smarter than Sherlock, more easy-going, more fun?
Molly exclaims excitedly. Sherlock is sandwiched between Irene and Molly, and neither of them truly cares about rugby, but they want to support their boyfriends (Molly with
John takes his Paddington toy, his favourite and curls his arms around it: “If they don’t like rugby, I can find someone else to talk with them! And I can take care of them, when I am a doctor.
had left to build a great career in the Senate for himself. It was a pure coincidence that Sherlock was brought to Rome as well. On the long way to the capital, he unfortunately had built himself quite a bad reputation among the slavers. He was fast considered a problem and therefore much more guarded than the others. At a stop he was the first they put the iron collar on. Sherlock had struggled so hard that the burn marks on his neck would stay forever. Even if his master would show mercy and free him, these scars would show everyone who he truly was.
Sherlock nearly snorts out his disgusted coffee all over the table. The waitress gives them a befuddled look, then returns to her baking.
Finally, the traffic started moving again, and twenty minutes and several traffic lights and turns later, they managed to find a parking space only two minutes from Lestrade’s flat. As soon as things had calmed down, John would bring this car personally to a seller and never look back.
, answered Mummy and patted his shoulder. “Dad and I were thinking we could order some pizza. He noticed a pizza shop on our way.
Everyone looked at the newcomer with open mouths. Even the slave had raised his pretty head and stared at John. The seller looked delighted, and the two men dropped out of the selling. Only the inspecting men remained:
Sherlock says, then pushes the willing John on his back and climbs on top of him. He eyes John’s cock, which is nearly purple, the tip glistening. It is big, but Sherlock has a good feeling about this. He carefully takes John’s cock into his mouth and experimentally sucks on it.
„Wanna go again?“, said John, amusement glinting in his eyes. The gladiators hand closed around his shaft and tugged at it.
John could have easily worked as a doctor, he had the needed skills, but he didn’t want to treat rashes, burns or deliver babies for the rest of life. So he voluntarily joined a Gladiator school, which was practically unheard-of. Most of them were slaves or prisoners. At the beginning no one had trusted him, they thought him mad, but that changed after he helped them with their training, cared for their wounds and brought honour and more money to the school with his wins. Today would be his masterpiece. If he was killed on this day, over thirty thousand people would watch him dying.
The crumpled figure on the ground right next to John had not moved in the time that John was unconscious. John checked his watch. Only about 70 minutes had passed since he went down the basement, so he couldn’t have been unconscious for more than a few minutes. Another good sign.
The sight awaiting him takes his breath away. Sherlock is spread out a gigantic bed, nearly completely naked, with his white shirt ripped open and his trousers are at his knees. Sherlock’s eyes shine like a deer in the flash light, and the approaching car is
Sherlock whispers, then coughs violently, making his belly cramp again. He groans. His mouth is so dry, he can barely speak.
He began reading out numbers, and the first answers indicated that the price would climb up fast. John had to act quickly now. Gregor had only given him money for renting a slave for one night, but if he used the coins he earned for his fights too, it might work. Coming out of his thoughts, he noticed that only two other man and the man who had the pleasure of touching the young slave were still belting out numbers.
Sherlock can hear his own muffled screams echoing through the damp place. He forces his last bit of strength back to his mind-palace, reliving all the good memories he has collected over the years at Hogwarts. It is getting more difficult to remember.
They found themselves at Sam’s again, hardly a novel experience for Greg to be here twice in a day the bar keeper merely raises a hand in greeting before turning back to his patrons at the bar. Greg finds himself sat in a booth opposite a somewhat eager looking Danny, he orders a salad from the waitress; something lighter after the burger he had at lunch. He nurses the beer in front of him quietly as he contemplates how best to put the idea of Donovan’s inappropriateness into his dinner partners head. He decides to simply spell it out, better to be honest he thinks than let this carry on through what could be a nice dinner.
John’s genuinely not sure what’s happening, he’d spent the entire time Mr Jones had been present certain that the badly dressed bastard was going to turn around and proclaim him to be unfit for fatherhood yet he was now being informed to expect daughters imminent arrival.
His dinner companion clears his throat; Greg meets his eyes with a smile hoping to recreate the easy camaraderie they’d enjoyed on previous occasions,
‘What no, no you can’t, Mycroft will be here in a few minutes John, and then we need to decide what to do with her.' Greg rose from his seat behind the desk, he moved towards the door as if he could block John if he really wanted out, 'Come on you can't leave, just stay and listen, and then, then maybe you can meet her. You could look after her John.’
“Maybe all it says was that he was scared too John, the man hadn’t dated anyone seriously since university and the two dates I know he went on burnt bright for the grand total of an hour. Sherlock ditched one bloke at a bar, climbed out a bloody window, to come and join us at a crime scene.”
Mrs Hudson has the patience of a saint, this was well documented and evidenced through years of loyal friendship to the worlds only consulting detective but she wasn’t very good at following instructions, John had known this, so he’d left her a list, a typed list, with specific times for each activity, there was no way Mina should be asleep by now, drinking her milk normally took thirty minutes, she liked to cuddle in his chair while he sang to her, then when she was starting to drift off he carried her upstairs and they read Peter Pan while rocking for a good forty minutes, he’d left just after bath time, snuck out in the middle when Mina had been distracted enough by the bubbles only to frown at him being absent,
‘I will pass that along, I am sure the feeling is mutual, Mother was quite beside herself when she heard the news, perhaps meeting Mina will allow her to relax some.’
John looked across to where she was leaning forward towards the front seat; she had a hand still clasped to Mina’s car seat.
John doesn't know what to do. He cancels his date with the pretty blonde nurse from his new surgery, Mary, and instead begins transcribing his and Sherlock's adventure's into the impressive tomes pages.
‘Sir’ The nervous energy pouring off him in waves had the woman moving forwards on her own instincts, he knew she cared for him; you could not work as closely as they did for seven years without developing a bond. He would not hesitate to trust he with everything in his life, they would strategize in the car, the person behind this rouse was as good as declaring war on his family and god help the individual who believed they could bring down the Holmes Empire.
‘One officer fatality and one gravely wounded’ this report is unnecessary but there’s a procedure that needs to be followed,
“I don’t think that’s true, Gregory. Do you not think that if Mycroft Holmes didn’t trust you he would have let that call come through? Francis could he have stopped that phone call?”
There’s no objection John can think of which does not sound petty and so he hands Mycroft his key as he braces himself to face the room he hasn't stayed in for months. He counts the stairs as he ascends them remembering the loose floorboard and the step which sits slightly out of sync with the others, meaning someone unsuspecting is liable to trip. John had used this to his advantage with a few dates ending up catching them and pulling them close, it had worked surprisingly well on the odd occasion dates decided to stick around after a Sherlock meeting.
‘Wonderful things Orchids, so varied in their blooms and markings but so overwhelmingly beautiful. Each breed has its own individual features and challenges, but I fail to think of a more universally appealing flower. But then again I am biased.’
“And the pair were drawn together from that young age; your darling brother taking a shocking level of interest in the demise of little Carl. He caught Moriarty’s eye, you know, that year. He was a threat, if a small one.” This was something Mycroft knew; Moriarty had been honest enough about his stalking, the tracking of his brother’s lifetime.  “Moriarty watched him, you know, through school, university; through the drugs and whoring, he watched and he observed. The drugs kept him, your brother, docile, you know. They allowed Moriarty to expand his empire right under the impressive noses of the Holmes brothers, distracted as they were with family matters,”  Mitrović said. “You missed his expansion; missed his influence within these very halls.”
He berates the man for five minutes before stomping into the kitchen in a huff to make them both tea. He returns from the kitchen to find Sherlock turning the package over in his hands.
“I intend to, Mrs. Hudson, don’t you worry about that.” Greg answered, he sounded slightly manic and John was glad in that moment to never have been on the Detective Inspector’s bad side.
“Looks like she’s falling asleep, do you want me to find the pushchair?” Greg asked as he peered down at Mina where she was snuggling more deeply into the thick material of John’s winter coat and scarf.
As if sensing John's rapidly depleting patience Mycroft comes forwards, ‘Why don’t I show you upstairs Mr Jones, as Mina’s uncle I will be in some way responsible for her as well. It would do us well to talk.’ Mycroft has his ice man mask on but if John looks closely he could swear he can see anger. Ducking his head he wonders vaguely if the anger is directed at him, his rant was unplanned and he supposes his comments about Sherlock might have made the stoic gentleman angry. As the two leave the living room John reclaims his seat on the sofa, Mrs Hudson bustles out of the kitchen, where she swears John didn’t find her scrubbing the dining table mercilessly.
‘Yep, I remember because my sister used to tease me when I was a little older. We had this cat, well it was more of a stray that lived in the block of flats, but yes this cat. I was fascinated by this cat, my sister called It Dandelion, god but it was an ugly thing, anyway my first word was dandy.’ Mycroft snorts a small amount of his whisky and John shoots him a look, ‘What about this one then? Anything embarrassing?’
Tonight it was a moment of hesitation, I had a clear shot but I could not quieten the doubting voices in my mind John. It is moments like this that I miss both cocaine and you. You settled me John. Quietened the voices in my mind which are forever telling me I am wrong.
“The man gave up his life to keep the people he cared about safe and all Mina’s going to hear about him from anyone that isn’t the four of us is that he was a coward and a fraud. How is that right, Mycroft? That can’t be what lasts about him, it can’t.” John’s voice broke on the last; his grief pushing up through his chest, his heart racing and a hatred so dark it scared even him roared for justice against the monster that had taken Sherlock from them. That had taken Sherlock before he had a chance to realise…to believe how much he truly loved him.
He watches Mina for a few minutes, she’s been quite all through the visit, he’s become used to her little noises and being without them upsets him more than he can explain.  She smiles up at him then and moves so both arms are stretched towards him, she’s always more clingy after a nightmare but Mycroft’s appearance seemed to have distracted her, no matter, John had started developing skills in doing jobs one handed with his daughter balanced on his hip.
John could hardly be surprised when Mycroft’s private secretary stopped them on the way to Greg’s car, if he hadn’t been anticipating it he supposed he would have done something other than climb into the back and wait, his patience may be lacking but he understood that in getting this little girl out of police care and with people who would love and nurture her, Mycroft would be essential. The man himself joined the other three occupants of the car without a word, Anthea tapped the glass divider and the car rolled into motion. She never looked up from the blackberry and John had to admit he had never been sure exactly what role she played for Mycroft, his assumption of secretary came from her constant presence and ability to get the man moving, but in truth she could have any role; could be his wife for all John really knew.
He sprays a small message with cream on the cake and then carries the two items carefully over to John’s table. Sherlock does not dare look to see John’s reaction until he is back behind the corner. John is staring at the small numbers that Sherlock has written on it, then takes out his phone.
potion, only to still end up with nerve-wrecking cramps, headaches, bad skin, greasy hair and a mood worse than usual. The scar from the bite is burning a hole through his shirt. Sherlock places the spoon back down. He does not believe he can stomach another bite.
Now, he didn’t know much about Mary’s house yet, and he was also terrible at everything that needs repairing (something a certain person had always laughed at), but John decided to walk down to the basement and search there. The basement was the only room he had not entered yet. He didn’t need it to store anything, since he barely possesses stuff. Mary told him that she is mostly keeping Christmas decorations and some old, giant puppets there from her aunt, which had turned John off the basement. Until today, of course.
. They accepted me enthusiastically, due to my good grades. Mycroft was quickly climbing the ladder at the
Well, John did find the pipes. And he found out what caused the noise that kept him up at night. Most importantly however, he found something that would change his entire life, again.
“I have talked with Mrs. Hudson, and we both agree that Mr. Brown is doing something called stress-eating. He is finally about to be promoted, and he is very nervous about it. Mr. Brown doesn’t want to admit that he doesn’t like the new biscuits Mrs. Bird baked last Sunday, and so he is eating your orange marmalade to compensate. He is very sorry for that and will buy you a special gift for Christmas to apologize.
Mycroft fires back: „If you two cannot appreciate some sailing, then that's not my fault. Speaking of John, she invited him too.
It’s amazing how much pain a human being can survive without breaking down. The human body was amazing, the human brain was even more amazing, and all these amazing things put together, adding jumpers, blond hair with a grey hairline, a hidden gun, warm blue eyes and an open smile, that could transform into a deadly gaze in an instant, adding all these amazing parts together, combined, was John Watson.
“Mrs. Hudson, please. She’s getting chubby,” but he couldn’t help but laugh as she tickled the baby’s cheeks.
“So, where are you off to after a night like this?” Will leaned his chin on his hand, long fingers splayed along his soft, flushed cheek. John couldn’t stop staring, not realizing he was still waiting for an answer.
“I have no idea. On the other hand, these bloody eye bags haven’t been all for nothing,”  he rummaged through the sea of his desk and John leaned forwards. He noticed the DI hadn’t even asked where Sherlock had been the past month. Did he know something?
“Ohhh, Sherlock! You can’t kill me! I live inside of youuu!” the mouth opened wider and wider until it engulfed him, and he felt someone wrench him away from his monster.
He took a drag and relished the familiar arid smoke filling his lungs. It choked him for a moment before he exhaled. So far, not one of his seven theories were looking very likely. Sherlock’s normally sharp, logical thoughts simply would not let any sense through. He was, undeniably, stuck. His mind ran on a loop, over and over. How could this benefit anyone? Other than harming him, what could someone get out of this?
“Sherlock…” he began, looking up. The detective was patiently waiting, hands clasped behind his back and a feigned look of curiosity splayed across his royally perfect visage, “This man… He was Connie Prince’s brother,” a look of realization flooded John’s face as Sherlock nodded, “...and Martha Powers--she had to be a relative of Carl Powers,”
“You ok, mister? This is your stop,” the driver glanced at him in the rear view, a flash of recognition in his eyes, but John hopped out of the cab before he could utter a word.
Lestrade turned away too quickly for John to be sure. He got into the backseat as Greg turned the key in the ignition. John still had no idea what this case was even about. At least with Lestrade in the car, he might have a chance at gleaning some valuable information.
The state of the office was fit for Sherlock, John thought. The walls were practically dripping with pins and clippings, string and paper with ripped edges. The desk was a mess of documents and letters, folders strewn open half-off of the table, as close to giving up as the man who sat in front of them.
“None. It’s baffling us all. This has to be the work of a professional, or at least someone very experienced. There has to be an explanation,”
“Yes, of course, thank you. Have a nice day,” he was afraid he might’ve said that with too much bitterness as he slammed the cab door and was left standing in smoke. Sherlock’s voice greeted him as soon as he turned around.
The detective was brought back to the present as Rosie stirred, causing the river of drool to lazily flow onto Sherlock’s hand.
Lestrade sat staring at him for a few seconds until Sherlock realized he was shaking. He must’ve looked like a madman, hair a mess from his bed, Rosie now blubbering awake, strapped to him. He tried to stop the flow of thoughts that were crowding his brain and choking his mind.
“Going out, don’t wait up,” the door shut behind him. Sherlock nodded to the empty air and swung himself up from the couch. Some coffee would have to suffice, he decided. A boiling potful later, he thought he felt better.
“Oh, I’m sure Sherlock could find a way to disagree,” John muttered. If Greg heard, he made no comment.
Although their violin-playing hours were calming and deeply loved by his parents, Sherlock could not help but hate Eurus. There was a simple logic to it, he had convinced himself. She had killed his childhood best friend, the person who had mattered to him most in the entire world. Victor. Then, she had tortured and tried to kill him, his brother, and the man that he now cared for more than anyone, John. Sherlock could not bring himself to love someone that had wanted to destroy everything he had ever loved, for his whole life.
As he reached the doorstep of 221B Baker Street, John stopped. He was so tired of this back and forth, with no real information presenting itself. He knew the killer, he was sure. After all these years, with his only focus being Sherlock and everything about him, John was sure he had to know who it was. As he turned the key in the lock, John welcomed the distraction of returning to Rosie.
Decapitating the snake of remorse that started to constrict him, Sherlock opened his computer. Immediately, he was bombarded with notifications, emails, and blog responses. He felt as though he was spinning, too fast and out of control. Pearly smiles stared back at him between the letters and eyes popped through the buttons. Music drifted up the stairs from Mrs. Hudson’s apartment, and it was too much.
The taxi ride there was a quiet one. Light, dreamy violin played from the cab and Sherlock’s sleeves dripped, the water stain turning his coat a darker black. Charcoal, to onyx. Again, and again. He watched the stain spread. As his thoughts wound their way around his mind, he lifted his sleeve and felt over the bumps with a vacant stare. One, five, nine... The cab stopped. Cold washed over him as he stepped out into the rain.
Mrs. Hudson was busying herself in the kitchen, making tea and even putting out some fruit. Rosie sat in her high chair, biscuit in hand. She protested as he plucked it from her chubby fingers. Mrs. Hudson spoiled her too much, and she knew it. Looking out the window, John saw that it was getting dark already.
John looked over the set of photos that were presented to him. Each one showed a sharpened saw, tinted red. It laid next to each of the body parts, the ragged edges of skin fitting perfectly into the notches of the weapon. The teeth were razor sharp, obviously pre-filed and ready for their purpose. It was huge, and looked very heavy. It had to be a man, then. So Donovan was, in fact, out of the picture as the murderer. It was propped up on the side of the house, a hole in the azaleas and a stream of blood down the siding of the cottage the only indication of what had really happened there.
Sherlock was aware of the fact that every high had its come down. He just wasn’t expecting this one to come so soon. 221b Baker Street was mostly quiet, with only the sounds of passing cars intruding on the silence the press had left behind. Normally, they went away without a fuss after a few minutes, but with a case this high-profile, it took longer. It had made John very angry, he was moping in his room currently. Sherlock, on the other hand, was in the lounge. Spread out along the sofa, he hadn’t changed since that morning, his hands laying gently on his sternum, palms flat against each other, and index fingers pressed to his chin. His sleeve was ripped a bit at the elbow, probably from the exertion of strangling Anderson on the floor. He had ripped it further to smack three big, fat nicotine patches on his forearm to stop the shaking. It had paused for a bit on the taxi ride home, even the press didn’t trigger it this time, but as soon as John had locked his door and Sherlock had been alone with his thoughts, it had started with a new ferocity. He was afraid only one thing would really make it stop.
“Anderson,” Sherlock spit. He had done his best to keep close tabs on all members of Scotland Yard after his ‘death’ and watching Anderson squirm under the supposed knowledge that
“You know, it’s really probably just someone trying to get a good scare out of you-” this was not a good scare, thought John. There were a million other things that someone could have done for a scare, “-I mean, he’s dead. Moriarty’s dead,” this was greeted by silence.
“John, come have a look. What do you see?” he trudged over, trying not to dislodge any limbs, and dutifully scrutinized the pieces, starting with the severed head. He tried to focus on the distinguishing features of the face. The protruding almost, well, nosey-looking nose, those probing pity-loving eyes… John paused.
“What is it, Mrs. Hudson?” he snapped. It took him a second to realize she was holding baby Watson, who looked aghast at his harsh tone.
“Sherlock, are you all right?” his vision centered on Watson as the younger Holmes brother realized his arms were itching and his knees jolting.
“Oh, John! You’re back! As always, little Rosamund is an angel…” he tried not to wince at the sound of her full first name. He felt terribly guilty, but it was, almost a year later, still hard for him to hear. John insisted that he and Sherlock stuck to Rosie. Although Sherlock honestly only ever called her Watson anyways. He really hoped that didn’t follow her into childhood, though John knew that was a lost cause.
Sherlock was crawling off the walls. Not being able to ignore the situation anymore, the horrifying ordeal of the case is finally shut. However, instead of alleviating Sherlock's constant state of too many feelings and none at all-all at once-it brings with it reminders of times past.
Rosie babbled all the way up the stairs and into her little playpen, happily munching on her toys. John sighed and collapsed into his chair. Everything was exhausting these days, especially doing nothing. Which is why he got to work.
“Donovan is inside, I’ll let her know we’re here and then I’ll take you two back,” Lestrade swiftly shut the door behind him and John could hear his receding footsteps. Meanwhile, Sherlock was looking rather perplexed, examining everything from the paneling on the side of the house to the tiny scratches on the screen door.
“How did you do it? How? He’s still here, just like you were! HOW DID YOU DO IT?” the madman panted, his arms shaking from the effort of fighting the officers. Sherlock walked right up to him, putting his nose as close to Anderson’s as he dared. A drop of sweat pettered to the end of his nose. Sherlock watched it fall, and took a breath. As he spoke, Anderson hung onto his every syllable.
“Oh- of course. I’ll move my things to the other room… If you need anything—to talk, I mean—or… I don’t know. I’ll be right there,” Sherlock flashed her a tight-lipped smile and made one last request,
John had never felt so embarrassed as they stumbled out of the cab. Will was laughing, leaning all over John as he wheezed. Up the stairs, fumbling with the key…
His skin crawled as he typed. S-h-er-r-r-i-n... Rosie calmly drooled down Sherlock’s sleeve. The sound of the keys formed a rhythm and he barely noticed John slipping out of the kitchen and into his room. The email composed itself rapidly and reading it back, Sherlock snorted in disgust. It reeked of fear and contempt. As he professionalized it, his mind wandered.
“Oh, my dear! Mrs. Hudson cooed, “Aren’t you getting a little thin?” she handed Rosie a few more before John cut her off.
“Oh, John! How good to see you! Sherlock and I just had the most scrumptious tea and biscuits. Would you like some?” she winked at John as she sauntered into the kitchen. He sighed.
“Alright, love. Just keep it in mind. I’ve got nothing to keep me very busy these days anyhow,” she continued to berate the various household tasks that needed doing as John shut the door to the little apartment behind him. The violin stopped playing, and he heard footsteps receding to the back of the apartment. Fantastic. Now Sherlock was ignoring his as well as leaving for days at a time?
John has never felt so tantalized. The leads on the case are as cold as Sherlock's attitude towards John, and he can't keep up with Rosie's constant state of exuberance. However, hope is unveiled with the help of Lestrade, and Sherlock comes back briefly. John snaps and makes a life-changing decision, for good or bad. When will he come to terms with who he truly is?
“Molly, which numbers belong to Powers and the other two?” her eyes saddened as she rattled off the numbers, closing the door softly behind her.
The car slowed to a stop. They had been driving a while, and they were now outside the city limits, John noticed. The wheels ground into the gravel of a hillier, sparser area, where little houses lined up, one atop each hill, creating a whimsical paradise for those who wished to live their lives in peace outside the bustling ecosystem of London. Except, of course, that there was bright yellow police tape covering the entirety of the house that they had just stopped in front of. Several police cars waited outside, lights flashing in the bright sunshine. It was eerily quiet as the grit crackled under their feet, the three men carefully stepping out of the car, as if waiting to see if something would explode. It didn’t. Sherlock was already scanning the house and surrounding area. John wondered what horrific thing lay in wait for them. He was, undoubtedly, a touch excited.
is putting handcuffs on the fan with a face of complete hatred. Sally and Stella both give of the impression as if they wanted to join John in his revenge attack, Anderson is looking in his bag, presumably for his first-aid kit and James is talking to the police to get a car for the arrest.
John smiles a Rosie, who rolls her around on the carpet. He waits for his answer. He seems sure it will be a 'yes'.
immediately appeared behind him like the second coming. Of course his brother couldn't stay out of Sherlock's business for long!
Sherlock doesn’t know who said that, or if it’s a product of his imagination, but this sentence has been flying through his head for hours, days, or even a week? He doesn’t know. The bright light is always looming over his head and infiltrating his eyelids when he tries to sleep. There is no noise coming through the bolted door. Food is delivered irregularly, and Sherlock assumes that Mary is sometimes giving him a new piece of toast two hours after the last one and then the next 30 hours after just to mess with his timetable even more. Due to the small space his body is constantly crimping and his back is killing him. There is no way to lay comfortably.
So far, the suspect board had five people: Moriarty, because John couldn’t bring himself to discount him; Eurus, because it had happened once; Sally Donovan, mostly because of his personal vendetta, but John felt there was substantial cause as well; Anderson??? had three question marks after it, for it was the man that had been nagging at Watson’s thoughts but evading him for weeks, and he had been missing for years; and a broad ‘employee’ of Jim Moriarty.
His alarm clock buzzed for the third time that morning and he finally slammed a hand on it to make the horrific noise stop.
As he gazed, half-lidded, at the board and tried to make deductions, he heard footsteps enter the building. He heard a deep sigh, and although it may have not been about him, Sherlock felt sorry for the second time that morning. He hated feeling emotions. It was his worst flaw, he had decided long ago. That he was a sociopath was his wall of defense, though he would never admit that to anyone, much less himself. However, there was no doubt even to him, that John Watson made Sherlock feel things.
The club was crowded. Not more crowded than expected for a Friday night, for sure, but still decently packed. The bartender’s eyes flashed with recognition as John slid into the seat in front of him, but he barked out his order before the man could comment on it.
“Hello, handsome,” the room melted together as John turned his head. He felt a steady hand on his upper arm. Sherlock stared back at him. He rubbed his eyes and opened them again. Definitely not Sherlock. The tall man ran a hand through his thick, dark curls.
“I don’t know what that’s like, you’re right. I didn’t mean to minimize your experiences, John,” Will paused, his easy breaths ruffling the paper napkin in front of him, “Can I ask you something?” John nodded, “Do I remind you of him?”
“How about I treat you to one last round? Looks like you don’t need more than that,” John couldn’t wrap his head around what was happening. Was this man flirting with him? The other side of John’s brain countered. Was he really going to say no to free alcohol?
“How can you be sure? There’s no proof that it was him, really,” Greg was, quite honestly, horrified.
“What’ve they all got to do with each other?” it was then that Sherlock’s patient, rewarding facade dropped. He dragged out an exasperated sigh of annoyance and disappointment as if deciding how to respond to such an imbecile question. John decided it was safest if he answered. After all, Greg was their ride back into London.
“Yes… triple murder. The bodies will be in the back, and Greg is clearly assuming that it will upset us greatly. I do not think he realizes the extent of which we have seen and experienced already,” Sherlock lost himself in thought again as he ran his light fingers over the splintering wooden porch. John looked around. All the other houses on surrounding hills were dark. Strange, he thought. It was barely two in the afternoon.
Sherlock gasped for breath on the cold stone floor. Fluorescent lights switched on with a whir and he found Jim and Eurus staring down at him. The mastermind was grinning, while Eurus was crying. She was in a straight jacket, Moriarty clutching her arm so hard that purple marks had begun to appear on her bicep. As her mouth moved, begging for help, Jim’s voice slithered from it.
“Well, let’s see,” Sherlock’s voice was becoming shrill and his fingers danced with every emotion. Rosie stirred on his chest, “We had already deduced that the suspect was involved in forensics in some way, or at least had training at some point to be able to employ forensic countermeasures, Anderson hates me, and he’s bloody deranged!”
As any parent would, he had doubts. Was a man like him, with a past like his, fit to be raising a child? He had generally let John take care of most things in the beginning, but had quickly realized how unfair that was. Now, it was like Rosie was his only anchor. She knew what was real. Sherlock didn’t. As his thoughts wandered further and further from discernment, his body betrayed him. Watson was fast asleep against his chest, and soon his head bowed down to join her.
“I would propose a cigarette, but I have the baby with me,” Sherlock began, “I need to know who you had lunch with yesterday,” Greg blanched.
“No, thank you,” the sparse memories of the night before were piecing themselves together. He felt sick. What had he done?
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you. Come to the kitchen. Coffee?” he flashed John a kindly, charming smile and gestured for him to follow, white Calvin’s swaying through the doorway. John felt he might pass out.
“Why not,” the man slid gracefully into the seat next to his. Although, John noticed, he had to steady himself with a strong grip on the bar. Great. They were both wasted.
“John! We’ve got him John. Let’s go, Gil- Greg and the rest of the squad are heading over now. I’ve left Rosie with Mrs. Hudson,” he hardly listened as he heard tired grumbling coming from the back of the apartment. Must’ve
“A-apple!” Rosie shrieked, almost toppling over in excitement. John smiled and put it back on the counter.
He could see the way his eyes twitched, the look of madness fresh in his pupils. The way his hair was plastered to his forehead, the sweat falling, following his thinning hairline. The second one muscle in his arm twitched, Sherlock had him.
“Oh! Hello!” Moriarty's face contorted into a perfect ‘o’ of feigned surprise. Sherlock shrank smaller against the cold, rough wall.
“Uh-huh. That’s right! Come on over. Ch-rist! It’s not like I can touch you or anything. Though, really, one day you should let me. You might even like it!”
It was only later that evening that Sherlock moved. He heard John’s soft footfalls nearing him, and he looked up. The blonde man barely met his eyes.
“Oh come on now, don’t tell me you’re out of practice. I do hope you haven’t left all the work for me over the last eleven years,” Lestrade relented. John heard Sally Donovan’s heels and was aware of the fact that she was standing right behind the doors, listening.
“John! Standing there like a statue, you frightened me! Come, have something to eat, or some tea? You must be famished after your day,” John graciously accepted the food, practically shoving it down his gullet. He really hadn’t realized how long it had been since his last meal.
ahhhhhh it's been so long !!! here is chapter 3. writing from john's perspective is so much more fun lollll. i hope everyoone who reads it enjoys it <3 this one is super angsty but chapter 4 hopefully coming soon isn't toooo bad ;)
The youngest Holmes brother was not known for his deductions on how people were feeling, but the way John walked through the front door a few minutes later was clearly strange. His clothes looked thrown on haphazardly, Sherlock noticed, and his hair was a mess. The normal perfect part and flowing peppered strands looked more like a natural disaster. He was hunched over, eyes glued to the carpet as he strode past Sherlock and locked himself in his room. He would check on John later, Sherlock decided. There were more pressing matters at hand.
“Well, here we are. I warned you, Sherlock, and I’ll warn you both again. You’re not going to like what you see. Just don’t fear the worst. Please,” John frowned, the creases etching deeper into his forehead as they walked to the door.
been a rough night for him, Sherlock thought. No matter. They had more pressing issues than John’s alcohol habits. He practically sprinted to the car, slamming the door with such force that the handle rattled. John took too long to get there, his mind was racing, he needed to catch him now.
“We’ll get him,” John said, as the door swung open. He was highly attentive to the group of officers at his back, fully armed. He noticed Anderson’s hand behind his back, wrist swinging with nervousness, itching at something that Sherlock couldn’t see.
ahhhhh oh my god. so FINALLY im so sorry im terrible. here is chapter 4. spent way too long writing this i hope its good !!!!!!! after this we get really into the story. fuck yea. enjoy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
His eyes caught on the most recent bullet point; Lunch date??? What did it mean? His thoughts were interrupted by Mrs. Hudson tittering in the stairwell. Sherlock strode over and flung open the door.
“I shouldn’t have brought you guys out here... Let’s go in and get some tea?” John’s eyes still didn’t leave Sherlock as the taller man cleared his throat and stood a little straighter. His hands came out of his pockets and seemed to steady as he fixed his scarf. Suddenly John’s eyes were torn to another. A bloody, terrified severed head stared up at him, eyes open and mouth yawning. It was the dot below the question mark on the sentence. John coughed violently and turned away. Sherlock’s smooth voice broke through the sound of John’s fit.
In his dream, her angelic little face twisted, covered with thick black cloth. Two eye holes had been crudely poked out. A gun rose, and Sherlock fell back. The shock resounded around him, like he was trapped in a mirror. Figures came at him from all directions. They were black, with busts for heads.
Tonight, it was the cell. He felt the steel door shut him in with a deafening clang as the room materialized around him. The straight jacket clad figure kneeling on the floor lifted his eyes. Sherlock barely managed to hold back the panic and screams that built up in his chest as the soul-sucking brown eyes locked with his. Endless night against a bright, multi colored dawn. Sherlock couldn’t move.
“Yes, I just needed a place to think,” Sherlock pronounced, striding up the stairs and around the corner to the morgue. Behind him, Molly’s heels clicked and her smile wavered.
The cold water helped, although minimally. Unfortunately, raising the water bill would not stop his thoughts. As he finished drying off, Sherlock was careful to avoid his arms. Instead, he stuffed them, wet, into his shirt sleeves. That was a problem for another night.
John was shaking him. As his eyes fluttered open, a colorful jumper reached over his face to grab a crying Watson, grumbling about all the noise he made while he slept. John stumbled into the kitchen with the baby, cooing all the way. Sherlock set his head back and sighed. His fingers twitched as he rubbed his eyes, cool thumbs pressed to the lids. Two nightmares, he thought. One in life, one in sleep. When would they end?
At that moment little Watson chose to wake. Sherlock considered putting her back in her crib, but he could hear John’s soft snores through the thin walls, so he entertained her as quietly as he could. Not that he had as much experience with babies as he did with, say, types of tobacco, but he had certainly learned how things were done over the past year. He was no Mary, but deep down, Sherlock genuinely cared for and had Rosie’s best interests at heart.
“The great game was one of the first cases where we encountered Moriarty. Remember, where he threatened to blow people up if Sherlock didn’t solve the cases?” Lestrade looked just as muddled. Even John didn’t consider himself this dense, “Coincidentally, they were also the cases of Carl Powers, Connie Prince, and Alex Woodbridge,” Sherlock nodded, seemingly pleased with this summary of events.
The most exasperating part for Sherlock was that he was absolutely sure the answer was obvious. He bit his lip, the anger bubbling up inside him as a drop of blood slid down his chin. he absentmindedly wiped it away. He had really thought he could put the past behind him. Why wouldn’t it stay? Sherlock decided to visit Bart’s. Dead people were the only ones who truly offered no disturbance.
“Oh, you bastard.” Lestrade shouted suddenly, and lunged at Sherlock. John tried to step back, but his baggage slowed him down. Luckily, Lestrade only hugged Sherlock while laughing happily. Sherlock looked absolutely horrified, which made John laugh as well.
Finally, he is finished and leans back again. He grabs Sherlock’s chin so the detective has to look at the letters, framed in blood:
The voice screams, and it is now closer. Sherlock changes directions abruptly, thinks himself safe, when suddenly -
John exclaims a bit lamely. They have both momentarily forgotten what they originally set out to do.
The werewolf inside him aches to run, so Sherlock stomps his feet into the ground and presses his fingernails into the dirty forest ground. Just another few hours, he can do it, just a few hours…
, growled Sherlock and flipped himself on his back to stare at the ceiling. “There is no internet, no television, you wouldn’t let me bring any experiments and it’s raining outside!
Mary was nodding him, while John only spared him a short glance, his expression troubled. Sherlock was staring at his feet, his face more pale than ever. Lestrade could see a few beads of sweat on his forehead.
He giggled and pressed his (wet) lips on his forehead. His one hand moved to his hips and caressed it (almost lovingly), the other held the plug to his entrance and pushed.
John loves his country, which is good, since he is expected to rule it someday. For now, his father is thankfully still healthy, and the Queen as well.
John Watson never believed in God. In his childhood he and Harry were dragged to dozens of church services on Sunday morning, but they always spent the long hours whispering insults or jokes at each other, depending on the day. In the desert of Afghanistan he abandoned any last thought of the existence of a God. Whatever brought him later into the warm rooms of 221b Baker Street must be someone higher-up though. Surely a single man couldn’t be so lucky to meet Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock reaches one of the smaller doors and wrenches it open, gasping in pain and gulping in the fresh, cold air. The Forbidden Forest looms in front of him, slowly getting covered in soft snowflakes.
“It was a huge risk. I had to hope that Mary would neither look to closely nor remember that it really isn’t that easy to just break someone’s head. That is why I tried to make her as emotional as possible. I also tried to capture the sound as gruesome and real as possible. Then I had to trust in Sherlock that he would act as dead as possible.
The old lady introduced herself properly, and Sherlock quickly found himself inside the store, with a cup of tea in one hand and a vanilla muffin in the other. Mrs. Hudson prattled on about her dead husband, Florida, and how much she needed a second part-time employee as she is only getting older, but could not afford one.
Well, hopefully Sherlock would answer some of his questions. He was probably already terrorizing the poor hospital stuff, demanding to go home or at least to get better food. Lestrade had spent two days in a clinic once and after he got home he immediately stuffed everything left in his fridge into his mouth. Sherlock was released today, so maybe he would do the same, although it’s weird to see the detective eating.
Christmas gifts me wonderful days with my beautiful wife and our two children. Our house may not be as big as yours, and our tree may not be as decorated as others. We enjoy our turkey nevertheless, and sing Christmas songs together. My older daughter will perform a poem he learned in school, and my youngest will read to us from the bible. They will receive presents of course, and play with them the whole day. My wife will smile at me and I will hold her hand, while we listen to the chiming of the bells of Big Ben. The people of London will enjoy the quiet and the peace, together with their loved ones. There is no greater gift than spending time with my family, and it’s a gift Christmas delivers to my doorstep ever year! Christmas has always been good to me, god bless it.
Sherlock tries to ask nonchalantly. John answers with a word Sherlock does not remember ever having heard before, but he nonetheless nods.
He kicks of his shoes, lays down and pulls Sherlock to himself. Sherlock sighs relieved and closes his eyes.
Santa says and unrolls his shirt sleeve. He pulls out a pocket knife and starts cutting into Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock gasps in pain, and tries to get away, but Santa presses his back into the wall with his stomach, while slapping his face again.
John was trapped, and the constant fighting between him and Mary made him want to hide under the cover until hopefully an adult would come and save him from whatever hell this is.
The two assistants emerge and start dragging Sherlock from the stage. The little boy starts crying as the change the code on his collar and hand his documents over to his new owner. Sherlock had never seen a slave in his life, his parents had protected him and Mycroft from this medieval and brutal practice. A fire had destroyed all of that peace, and now Sherlock will never seen his parents nor Mycroft again.
His best friend from his childhood, Bill Murray, has noticed his constant moping and dragged him to a Christmas party. It’s unbearably cold, and the couple of small fires they built on the stones doesn’t help. The students have split into several small groups, with John’s group closest to the river.
At night, Sherlock dreams of renting out the small flat next to Mrs. Hudson, which she owns. For that, he would require a flatmate though, and he has no means of meeting anyone of interest, not that finding friends ever came easy to him. When he was a child, he nagged his older brother into joining him on their fantasy pirate ship, and Mycroft begrudgingly obliged.
training. I gathered it would be a very helpful skill. I’m glad I turned out to be a wolf and not a goldfish.
„Yes, I did.“ John answered. One of his strong hand cupped Sherlock’s head, and the Ravenclaw couldn’t help but nuzzle his face into John’s hand. He had ignored his wanting for John for six and a half years, and now everything came down.
. He planned to apologize to the kind old lady with the purple coat who called the ambulance on him, and then find his old dealer and overdose for real this time. Explode in a sea of glory and pain. Drown in ecstasy.
John now knows that Sherlock had spent it in Hamburg, in a flat as empty and undecorated as his. So close, yet so far away. The neighbours had played Christmas songs, and Sherlock went early to a restless sleep.
It’s a wonderful evening with this chaotic family, indeed. Always surprising, sometimes infuriating, never easy. As long as Sherlock is by his side, John can do everything, and if Sherlock happens to be the Prince of Wales, well. Nobody is perfect.
He lets the warm (not hot) water stream over the two of them. Sherlock opens his mouth a bit as if he is sighing in relief. No sounds' come out.
“Everyone, clean up your working space. I will see you next week. Willow, you will replace Oliver’s paper. Oliver, you will apologize for whatever you said. Alex, tell Leila that you two will keep your personal crises out of my classroom. Is that understood?
Harry sighs: “Who would want to spend the rest of their life with you? All you can talk about is rugby.
Paddington recites his story: “I have lived with family Brown for two years now. There is Mr Brown, who is a businessman, Mrs. Brown who paints, and their two children. Judy wants to be a journalist and write about feminism. She has a girlfriend. Jonathan is trying to improve his maths grades. Mrs. Bird is our cook, and she sent me to you. They are all wonderful people, and we live in a fabulous neighbourhood, apart from Mr. Curry. Since Monday, my orange marmalade has been stolen every single morning. It’s my breakfast, and I prepare the marmalade the evening before.
even thought he recognized some of them, one old man looked a politician who visited them one time. Old Marley joined them and let the wind blew him away. All of them were together in their misery, and being unable to change a thing about their fate.
John let Sherlock rest on Greg’s sofa, while Lestrade made them tea and asked a dozen questions. John tried to answer them all, while Sherlock nibbled on a few crackers and forced a glass of water down his throat.
“News travel fast in the wizard world. It is only afternoon, and I have already received multiple letters from worried parents, and a visit from the
Now the boy actually WINKED at him. With one of his sweet eyes. Was he actually flirting with him? With Sherlock? Irene will flip out when he tells her about this.
He wanted Sherlock, and he just spectacularly made all of that known. He needed to salvage what was left.
The heavy door opened a second time and Mary appeared. The guests rose to their feet to watch the procession.
he whispered and kissed her hand. She smiled. They listened together to the delightful sound of their daughters.
Sherlock suddenly started to throw up. Mary cursed and ripped the towel out of his mouth and pushed his head to the side. Some vomit landed on the floor before the detective’s eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he fell unconscious once more. Mary groaned and cleaned the waste away before the smell would become too bad. She probably had used too much of the hallucinogen, but she didn’t feel the need to stop now. A few seconds before the vomiting, the Tiger Bench finally did what was promised and broke the detectives left knee. With some luck, the other knee would break soon too. He wouldn’t be able to walk again for a very long time. Good luck John, she thought, with all the therapy he is going to need!
John pressed his aching forehead against Sherlock’s head. A tear was running down his face and joined Sherlock’s falling tears.
and Samuel manage to go through the Forbidden Forest, Oliver will do their potion homework for a month.
In fact, he only opened the box once while he was living in Baker Street, and that was when Sherlock asked him about it. Sherlock was always secretly interested in John’s past and especially his time as a soldier, although the detective pretended not to be. John happily indulged him nevertheless, and Sherlock soaked up his stories like a sponge.
“He is tapping his foot, which indicates nervousness, he is also slightly sweating. I can hear the sound of his phone keys, he owns an iPhone. He’s sighing multiple times a minute, his breath hitches, he doesn’t really want to end the relationship, but he feels like he must. He is wearing the scarf the partner gave her, I can smell the two different perfumes.
“A collegue brought in a few new puppies yesterday, she found them in a cartoon on the side of a road. They may be exactly what you are looking for!
Her cruel voice cut through John like a knife. Mrs. Hudson tried to throw her handbag at the bride, but Molly stopped her, looking frustrated herself. Greg was standing and was prepared to defend Sherlock’s honour.
“Your former flat is still waiting for you. I continued to pay for the rent, and asked Mrs. Hudson to not let other tenants live there for at least three years.”
, Molly and Mrs Hudson over for a small gathering. Just us, with good food and fine wine. On Christmas Day, we drive to your parents, they have asked us already. We decorate the flat, even the damn skull. We can get a small Christmas Tree too.
He still has a couple of minutes left, so he sprints to the stationery next door and pays a large, lilac poster (not that John can tell the difference between lilac and purple) and a black pen. He scribbles down the word J O H N in capital letters, and after the suggestion of the woman behind the counter, also medically correct heart as quick as he can manage. The woman wishes him good luck and Sherlock returns to the terminal just in time.
Sherlock is unable to see it, but John must have caught the key. His husband leads him out of this hated room, but they do not disappear before John addresses the audience one last time.
The men howl with laughter, and Sherlock is kicked in his side. He falls to the ground and before he has a chance to recover, someone else plants their boot in his stomach. All air leaves Sherlock’s lungs and he gasps. Large hands grab him and put him back on his feet. It is not a friendly gesture, because Sir Walter only uses his new position to rip at his clothes. Sherlock sinks back his feet. The chill of the room hits his bare shoulder, and he hugs himself. Another man kicks his buttom, and he nearly lands face first on the ground. The laughter feels unending in Sherlock’s mind.
The snow is laying thick on the ground and on the tree branches, the sun has disappeared a while ago, but the stars and the moon shine enough light on the white snow. The view is magical, but Sherlock and John only have eyes for each other.
common rooms, we had to share one bathroom and one bedroom, and we were five boys! One of them snored very loudly, and we could not make him stop.
John sounds sincere, and Sherlock is inclined to believe him. The young teacher is leaning closer to him, and Sherlock can smell John’s aftershave, coupled with his shampoo, earl grey tea and something Sherlock is not able to identify.
John hugged Sherlock closer to him and steered him towards the insulae. Tonight was going to be about them.
Both sons shout back. John takes this as his cue and pulls Sherlock closer to him and shuts him up with a kiss. Sherlock immediately melts into him.
Him getting discharged is actually the reason Lestrade is here. John had called him yesterday, late in the evening. Greg had just returned from his fourth date with Molly, something Sherlock still didn’t know about. Hah! John had asked him if he could drive them both back to Baker Street, and Greg happily said yes. He missed them at his crime scenes, it was way too quiet without their nagging. Meeting them more often now would definitely be good news.
Sherlock sinks down on his chair and rubs his eyes. This week has been a disaster from start to finish. Thankfully, the end is near. The last school day before the Christmas holidays has finally arrived with the annual feast, the mandatory Christmas party for the teachers is on Sunday and after that, he can finally travel to Baker Street.
Sooner or later, they will out that I did not burn you to a crisp on a parking lot, and then they will look for us. I want to go back home, and big brother will agree to letting me leave the country if I promise to return his baby brother in one piece as soon as I touch Serbian soil.
steps into another black car and disappears, while John races through the city. He wonders why the big brother didn’t want to see Sherlock with his own eyes, until he realizes the truth.
potion is working perfectly against the magic of the full moon. Sherlock cradles his injured wrist and inexplicably, thinks off Mycroft.
He spreads his arms. It’s dark in the cellar, there is only a small, fragile set of stairs. Sherlock wonders if his abductor had simply thrown him down, his back hurts enough for that.
finally announces, and with a wink the five long tables groan under the weight of roast beef, potatoes, bread, chicken wings, fish, salad, the ever-present chips, noodles… Everything you could wish for. The table for the teachers is a bit more individual, depending on what the teachers like to eat the most. Sherlock finds himself confronted with mountains of cooked rice, fried chicken, dumplings and sweet duck. He puts little pieces of everything on his plate, then starts dragging it from one side to the other over his plate. He does not feel very hungry.
But how was he supposed to concentrate when his big brother was munching on his pizza, grinning smugly, while his parents feed each other their pieces?
Professor Watson says and starts dumping food on Sherlock’s plate. Sherlock watches this unexpected manoeuvre confused. This professor somehow already managed to catch him off guard twice.
“What the fuck was your girlfriend thinking, hiding Sherlock in your basement? Honestly, this all sounds fucking crazy.” Lestrade said.
Today would be different for them, and John had dreaded this conversation for a long time. His whole family celebrated when he received the news that he got accepted to St. Bart’s. It had been John’s dream university, and being a doctor is his most important wish. The problem is that St. Bart’s is in London, and London is a hundred of miles away from the sea. John will be leaving home, his parents, his old school friends, and most importantly, Sherlock Holmes, second-born son to the king of the Mermen kingdom.
The scent calms him, and he lets himself guided through the endless corridors of the castle until the noises from the celebration fade in the background. John opens a door and leads him in. There is a huge bed in the corner, two big windows, a burning fireplace, several impressive looking bookshelves where Sherlock spies several of his favourites, and to Sherlock’s surprise, his violin on a table. John must have insured that the priceless instrument is brought to his room.
John whispers, bending his knee back and forth. A heartbeat passes. Then, he grabs Sherlock by his hips, lifts him clear of the ground and spins Sherlock in circles.
is Sherlock Holmes, although he is not exactly an ordinary employee. He is also 21 years old, and he has been in love with
The other groups have formed as well, with Mike Stamford helpfully volunteering to be the game master. Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner are the first team, Finn and Isaac the second, Tom and Stella the third, Molly and
’s legs. He was small for his age, possibly unhealthy so. His curls hang limply around his head, he was very pall and shaking. Most worringly, he held himself weirdly, as if his right leg couldn’t carry his body weight.
kidnaps Sherlock, burns a fake corpse, drugs him and forces him into a small closet. Sherlock nearly starves to death, and John blows a hole through the bolted door and a hole through his wife’s forehead.
in Sherlock that made his toes curl in pleasure.  With a last movement John came in him, and with a last stroke from John he orgasmed too. They were both sweaty from head to toe, but John didn’t pull out yet. He pulled Sherlock closer to him and rolled him on his side. Sherlock felt his strong hands around his body, covering him from behind. He sighed in bliss.
