“Issues, what type of issues?” Sherlock looked up from his examination of the sophisticated temperature control panel by the door (
“Speak for yourself, but yes, food first,” he agreed, rising to his feet and heading out of the room. “And maybe,” John paused at the doorway, his eyes looking back to drift over Sherlock’s body. “Maybe if you are feeling up to it, you might like to join me in the shower after?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft had honed the skill of speaking down his nose to fine art form however he was not going to be drawn into a battle of pissiness just yet. “Where is Sebastian Moran?”
Ignoring Lestrade's questioning gaze and his own confused concern, Watson crouched down by the body and carefully removed his gloves, stuffing them in his coat pocket. If Holmes’ would not be forthcoming with an answer, perhaps the body would.
Watson felt as if the air had been sucked from his lungs. Never before had his friend’s examination of a corpse been so cursory nor his deductions so abrupt. His sharp gaze had seemingly raked the girl’s prone form from head to toe in a matter of seconds, pausing only for a moment on her right hand. And never before had Holmes taken leave of a scene so quickly.
“There’s no glory in war," John shook his head. "Just pain and dying and death. At least, that's what I found.”
On their way out of the warehouse, Sandrine had stopped to retrieve some twine from the packing area. Now she was putting it to good use, turning John around to tie his hands tightly behind his back.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Upon his arrival at the court, John had been set upon by the gathered press who had descended on him like a flock of grubby vultures. The media had, once the news of Sherlock’s death had leaked its way out in the open, already had a field day with the story.
The crowd erupted, cameras snapping, as the officer struggled to hold onto John, "Stop resisting or you will be put into cuffs." Lestrade walked over to Moran who had gotten to his feet and was now surrounded by the press.
Watson found Holmes sitting in his favourite chair before the hearth, regarding the fire, letting the flames lick at his thoughts. Watson closed the door quietly behind him, removing his gloves and placing them on the side table. Then his coat and hat, hanging them on the hook behind the door.
“We purchase refined product from around the world, store it, test it and then ship it. We average about ten shipments of product a week, each averaging about a tonne. Now here,” Sandrine turned, indicating the enclosed storage area on their right, and the bottled contents displayed beyond the large glass window, “is where we keep the oil; between five and ten degrees Celsius at all times.”
pieces and turned it over in his fingers, looking at it as if, in just existing, it was an insult to the game itself.
And in a rare display of vulnerability, Mycroft replied. “It is beginning to alarm me too, brother mine.”
The silence stretched between them again while Sherlock continued to study John, seemingly waiting for him to continue.
. As Sherlock's eyes drifted open, John drew their faces together and breathed into an open mouthed kiss
“I don’t mind you asking if you don’t mind me telling,” Moriarty looked to Lestrade then jerked his head towards Moran. “Do tell the nice man where we were on the night in question.”
. He knew the feel, its texture - the light fibres rising to the surface of the weave from the depths of charcoal grey. He knew its scent, the way Sherlock’s poncy shampoo and a bit of product always clung to the back of the collar. And even from where he currently stood, a room away and separated by a two-way mirror, he could remember the smell of the overflowing mustiness of the wool as he gathered the weight of the fabric in his arms, helping Sherlock peel it off his body on soggier occasions, during London’s winters.
He liked the darkness, the gloom. Lights on was just as good, but this way, so much depended on a gentle touch and carefully exploring fingers, tracking their way up the inside of thighs to the soft flesh between.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“... but that Mr. Moriarty… It says here that his fingerprints were found on a knife at the scene and that he was subsequently interviewed in conjunction with the investigation. Does the Met still consider Mr. Moriarty a suspect?”
Sandrine tilted her head towards Sherlock, her eyes approving. “Very good. Yes, University of California, Davis. But enough about me,” her smile broad now, “would you like a tour?”
moving about the kitchen after he had helped John carry Sherlock to bed; bringing them food then. John felt a surge of gratitude for Mycroft wash over him, the second in the last 12 hours. Annoying; this was beginning to become a bit of a habit.
Cleaning was a necessity. The ritual of lubrication, his therapy. Deft, nimble fingers in the oil on the barrel, spread it over the hood, the inside of the slide and the hammer rail. Thin, slippery, even. The recoil spring guide too.
“Oh you know,” Lestrade responded far too casually, keeping he gaze focused on his plate.  “Heard that you might need some help so I decided to drop by.”
“You couldn't possibly know all that already,” Anderson declared aggressively, moving into their space.
“We’ll get to that,” Lestrade replied easily on the other side of the glass. “You ... won’t mind if we record our conversation, will you? You know, just to make things easier." He flicked his hand to the notepad in front of him apologetically, "Saves me taking the time of writing it all down?”
The journey back up the motorway to Dublin held as little surprise as the corpse. Mile after mile rolled by soundlessly, and wordlessly, as a comfortable silence enveloped them. With Sherlock seemingly set behind the wheel, John was just about ready to doze off when the Land Rover took an unexpected right turn off the M6.
Alt text: Two. J. But as yet we are not clear, You and I. Cast in shadows against the sky, Against the world. Against each other. S. Rise. Every day. Every night, to dream, and dream. To wake, to know, and fall again.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
For the briefest of moments Moriarty's face bore the expression of a man who had glanced away from a chess board, only to look down once more and discover that one of the pieces was missing. But just for a moment. And then those eyes came back to the table and his mask was back. Eyes black. Dead.
Not having the assistance of a police escort to clear the streets ahead of him, John’s trip to The Yard took considerably longer
An hour later (distracted as he was by his quest, the kettle had long since boiled and gone stone cold), John finally took a break to make himself a cuppa. Leaning back against the kitchen worktop, cup cradled, warming his hands, John's thoughts strayed back to Sherlock.
and reflection in particular on their visit to Kilnaborris, which it seemed, had served as the catalyst for Sherlock’s current incendiary mood.
“Well, it kind of feels like chaos and harmony at the same time. All these individual moves that seem like nothing on their own but at the same time every single one of them is crucial to the solution.”
They came to stand in front of the glass roofed control room directly under the walkway. “And of course, we also produce as well.” We extract our own oil from Rosa centifolia, Moroccan rose.” Sandrine nodded to a series of piped silver vessels taking up the entirety of the back wall.
Of the two of them, John was the one who could always be relied on to ease the tension of an interaction with a pleasantry. But not today. In the face of Sherlock’s detainment, social niceties were going to be a rare commodity.
"I'll … see what I can do ..." He put his hand up quickly though, as John's expression instantly changed to one of expectation. "But … but, no promises, okay?"
Lestrade and Sebastian proceeded to climb over the back seat as elegantly as two six foot men could be expected to do so and Sandrine reached over to toss the tarp over the both of them.
It was nothing that Sherlock had factored into the equation of his raison d'être. But declared as assuredly as John had just done, he wondered...
“I know,” John agreed, the words humming against Sherlock's lips, “but let me see what I can do to give you a bit of a rest tonight.”
He’d been looking for a misstep, a chink in the armour, a crack in the façade, but there was none to be found.
By the time they made it through the entire recording, there wasn't a sound to be heard. Lestrade and the officer, professionally quiet, and Molly, still on the far side of the room, but obviously having heard everything, still as a stone.
“Well that was … romantic," Lestrade offered, with a full measure of irony thrown in. “So, what is all this, unrequited love? You couldn't get the one you wanted so you decided to “take out” his partner? We have your texts, your “gifts” to Doctor Watson. And now …” the DI paused, reaching beside him to draw another evidence bag out of the box by his feet and placing it on the table between them, “we have your fingerprints on the knife found at the scene.”
Lestrade groaned as he rubbed his hand across his forehead. He heard what Watson was not saying. Exactly like the others. No clues as to the identity of the assailant, no new leads. Four bodies in as many weeks and nothing to go on. “Take her away," he ordered, and jerked his head resignedly to the hearse standing on the corner. His two constables moved to assist. Watson took his leave as they lifted her carefully into the back. He glanced at Lestrade as he left, and the Detective Inspector looked as Watson felt.
Sherlock rolled over onto his side to face John and reached over to cover John’s hand with his. “I didn’t know, but I see now ... and I was too … I … actually can’t remember much, anything … that’s never happened, before, when   …” his voice trailed off on a note of undisguised fear, his eyes not leaving their joined hands.
"There's no body," he stated, trying to pretend it was enough to override the evidence printed in black and white before him.
“Oh God, Sherlock, you should have said something!” The sincere concern in John's voice carried above the sound of the wind rushing past Sherlock’s ears.
Lestrade looked up as someone else appeared in the doorway. He gave him a nod and John knew that it was time. Lestrade pushed himself off the desk he had been leaning on and made his way for the door, Donovan in following behind.
Mary’s hands start shaking. Mycroft's changed his password, or blocked her phone, one of the two. Suddenly it dawns on her.
“You!” Sherlock rasps, his voice cracking as he struggles for breath. He twists and shudders on his back. Eyes darting rapidly back and forth behind his fluttering eyelids. “You made me leave. And he found-”
Sherlock's eyes lit up with excitement and he moved closer until their noses were almost touching, before deliberately dropping his voice several octaves. “Do I
tutoring.” Sherlock swallowed and pulled back, moving with the same tantalisingly slow speed as before, his breath brushing across John’s lips.
“Sherlock?” John called again, this time moving through the commotion of the other students who were packing up so that he could reach out and pull lightly on the younger man’s shoulder.
Hello my loves, I hope you're well. Sorry it's been ages again I can only apologise. I finished my second year of university with a first so that's cool. I have planned the rest of this fic out to the END now so we can only hope for more but I have decided I will no longer make promises as I am not very good at sticking to them (unlike Sherlock, we hope). Anyway, I hope you enjoy this!
“Just to clarify…” Sherlock’s voice turns as timid as a child’s. Fear and dread and various other things Mycroft can’t label flickering in his eyes.
And all the films were wrong, the books too, because the worst feeling in the world isn’t having your heart broken. It’s breaking someone else’s.
He fumbles with his phone and types a message as quickly as he can manage, his fingers blurring as they rush across the screen.
Mycroft shivers uncomfortably, as if someone was pouring cold water down his back. His throat feels drier than sandpaper.
Hi guys! So, I'm really interested to see what you think about this chapter, to be honest, I'm super proud of it. I hope you enjoy!
Tauriel moved quickly to Kili's side, placing one hand on his forehead and one on his wrist. “Yes.” She looked around the room. John, Sherlock, Fili, Oin, Bofur, Tilda, and Sigrid all stood around the table, looking to Tauriel for direction. “Hold him down.”
John looked over the hobbit, noting the significant difference in their sizes. “Yeah, that’s probably best.” He dropped to his back, pulling up his knees to set his feet on the mattress.
“Screwed? Why?” John shook his head. “It's a forest, Sherlock. We have enough weapons between us all for protection and food.”
John pulled Sherlock to the open tunnel and they tumbled and rolled down. The dwarves around them seemed relieved to escape, but Thorin seemed wary. A corpse of a warg had rolled down behind them, struck with an arrow Thorin seemed certain had come from elves.
John sipped at his now cold tea. His shins had gone a bit sore where they crossed in front of him, and he was getting a crick in his back from sitting still for so long. But he couldn’t bring himself to move. He stared at the man in the chair across from him. All creamy skin and long lines. Perfect. Dark curls fringing pale, luminescent eyes. Fingers steepled before full lips.
“Oh, Gandalf brought them round. I had not intended to join them,” Bilbo answered easily, “but there was something about them.” Bilbo sighed and shrugged.
“Sherlock?” John grabbed Sherlock's hand without thinking, and took a few steps toward the cliff edge. “Shall we?”
Smaug frowned, an expression Sherlock found a bit amusing, yet quite terrifying on the dragon’s reptilian face.
John huffed then continued helping Sherlock across the room. Thankfully, it wasn't long before they had reached the bath. John settled Sherlock carefully into a chair and sat at the edge of the tub to turn on the hot water.
Sherlock looked around. How on Earth had that fat dwarf (Bounder? Booger?) managed to shimmy so high up in the trees and how the hell was that branch holding him? And more importantly, how long did they have before the trees began to....
Sherlock shook his head. He didn’t even know which one of them was saying what. He put a hand over his face and huffed. “You could at least pretend to try,” he murmured under his breath. But the author didn’t give a fuck and there was nothing he could do about it.
“Stupid impatient fools,” Sherlock cursed as he and John watched the boat sail off with Thorin and the company.
Thorin turned to face Sherlock, his hair billowing out in the breeze. Sunlight glistened off his hair and brought a sparkle to his eyes. They were far too blue, blue as bright and deep as sapphire.
“What? What exactly about this situation do you not understand?” John turned toward Sherlock, slowly moving closer. “You faked your death, you have been alive all this time, and I have grieved. I have mourned your loss, then you show up out of nowhere after two years and what, expect me to act like nothing has happened? Like no time has passed and I haven’t been completely lost-” he looked away, trying to regain his control before he said things he wasn’t ready to divulge. May never be.
“We are the displaced dwarves of Erebor,” Thorin answered, sure this... Sherlock person was a wizard of some sort. Much as he hated it, he didn't wish to anger a potential wielder of magic.
“In the guest room? Why would you use the guest room in your own flat? Or is this the guest room? Do you have a flat mate?”
Bofur was a cheerful chap, he came around a bit more than Bombur or Bifur, but it was apparent this story didn't greatly involve the dwarf. Oin, Gloin, and Nori had hardly said a word, therefore must also be side characters. Naturally, Sherlock figured it might be possible these side characters would come in to play later in the story, but at this point, there was not much focus on them.
Sherlock must've been staring for quite some time, as John's laughter had subsided, and now he found the doctor was staring back at him just as intensely.
The next time John saw Sherlock, he was in bed with another woman. The first since that fateful night, and he was once again wracked with guilt. Guilt based upon the loyalty he felt to a man who was never his. A man who he could never have had. A man who had his heart anyway.
“You had to appear to be grieving. I couldn’t somehow let you know and risk your giving it away. I couldn’t risk your life that way, John! And honestly, you’re not the best actor.”
“Are you serious?” John was clearly quite put out, and Sherlock for the life of him couldn't figure out why.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, unsure if John wanted to hit him or run away. Maybe both. He stood perfectly still, hands buried in his pockets and mind racing. He had no idea how to proceed.
Sherlock shook his head. “Never mind. Would you be so kind as to let us tag along with you for a while? As you have seen, my friend is quite adept at hunting, and we could be a great asset to your little..... troop.”
“There you are,” John whispered, his breath sending shivers under Sherlock's skin. He looked up, face soft, eyes heavily lidded and gave Sherlock a wry grin.
Their lips brushed gently, far too gently in Sherlock's opinion, but he knew better than to push John again. He was a bit disappointed when John pulled away, but he held it in check, instead dropping his gaze for a moment, before glancing up at John again with a sheepish grin.
“being watched,” John concluded, interrupting Sherlock before he could say something that may change the way the dwarves looked at them.
“Wasn’t he your best friend?” Mary asked as she followed him through the house and into the bedroom.
He hadn’t seen Sherlock since he left 221B. Sherlock’s essence didn’t haunt every corner of this unfamiliar bedsit. There were no memories leaving Sherlock’s permanent mark upon every inch of this place. It was disconcerting.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes. Of course I do, she has made sure of it.” He raised his eyes to the ceiling. “Really, I do NOT enjoy this whole damsel in distress bit, you know.”
Sherlock held John's gaze and worked his mouth for a minute, searching for a response. “John, I....” he felt himself being drawn toward the shorter man. He took a step closer and floundered again. Why were words eluding him? All he wanted was to press himself close, feel John against him again, reassure himself that John was there- Sherlock frowned. Why wouldn't he be there? What kind of... Oh. That damn woman.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John gasped, his eyes starting to roll back in his head. His back arched and he let out a long, deep moan as he came, his eyes snapping back to Sherlock's as the detective froze. His hips jerked a few times, burying him deep into John as his orgasm pulsed through him. Finally, he collapsed, panting and gasping raggedly against John's chest.
“How did you two get here?” Fili asked as he ran to meet the company ahead of Kili, Bofur, and Oin. “You were… you were there. In Laketown… you helped with Kili!”
Sherlock grimaced. Ugh. He had so hoped he would be able to apologize privately. Unfortunately, it seemed he would have to do it here, in front of the company. Thankfully, it seemed most were sleeping, and the ones that had risen early were already off in the kitchen.
Thorin thought for a moment, looking off at the horizon, the sun sparkling off the strands of silver near his temples.
“It's alright John. It seems we are both acting like absolute imbeciles,” Sherlock concluded, a bit unsettled at hearing John gush.
Sherlock rolled off of John and onto his back, his mind nearly blank with the peace he now felt. “I have no words.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No matter. They would shoot unless I jumped. After that, I had to maintain my dead status to ensure they were… disposed of before I revealed myself. Unfortunately, neither my brother nor I were aware of just how extensive Moriarty’s web was. It took me… a vastly greater amount of time than I had estimated.”
The familiar clench of heat began to coil low in his belly, whatever the fuck that meant, and finally Sherlock was coming over John's fingers and into the water, screaming John's name, because apparently, coming with a roar was saved for Thorin Oakenshield.
Sherlock shook out his hair, letting flecks of river water splash at John's face. What did it matter? They were both soaked to the bone anyway.
Sherlock closed the door behind him, taking a moment to lean up against the coarse wood and suck in a deep and calming breath.
Bifur signed frantically in Iglishmek, and John gave a frustrated sigh. “I wish I could understand him!”
“Leave it to a woman to be so dramatic,” Sherlock mumbled. A boulder hit the mountain just above them, and Sherlock had to pull John out of the way, lest he be crushed. For some reason, the dwarves seemed to stay clear of the mountainside projectiles.
Sherlock chuckled lightly. “Nothing like a good old fashion brush with death to make you feel alive.”
“I did!” John threw his hands up in irritation. “I did, but I don’t now, and I don’t want to talk about it!” he turned away to gather himself for a moment, trying so desperately to ignore the pale blue eyes watching him from the bed.
They were stumbling up the steps together, pulling at each other’s clothes and it was still wrong. She threw her blouse across the room and he bent to suck at her neck and there he was. Sherlock stood there before the window, his face a smear of hurt and betrayal, even though John knew he would never look at him like that. Knew he would never look at John again, but there he was, and John felt a knot of anger in his stomach. How dare Sherlock take away the only distraction he had managed to find since the detective had decided to leave him. John tugged her through the flat, up the stairs and into his room.
Then there was Bilbo Baggins. Charming fellow, obviously a main character, polite and mild mannered until ruffled. Much like John, honestly.
Balin walked Bilbo down into the dark maw of the mountain, returning moments later looking nervous and quite a bit guilty.
Balin was Dwalin's brother. It was clear he was meant to be the most practical. Balin was wise and generally neutral, probably he would be good at giving one of the more gruff characters a reality check if they got too intense.
“Bilbo!” Sherlock looked back at Thorin's shout, spying the hobbit being dragged away from the company. He glanced around quickly, scanning the area and weighing options.
Ah yes, Middle Earth. What living nightmare had he been thrust into this time? He hadn't been so covered in sheer material since he had taken dance classes when he was...
“No, it's alright Dr. Watson.” Lord Elrond frowned. “Fuck, he's right. Most people can't even look at me without thinking about The Matrix, but nobody ever talks about that.”
John walked down the stairs. He locked the door behind her, and he kicked off the shoes he hadn’t managed to remove when he had gotten home. He staggered through the flat and into Sherlock’s room. Without a thought, he stripped himself bare and crawled under the duvet. His hand wandered down without his consent, wrapping itself firmly around his flaccid length and squeezed.
John's eyes widened and he gave Sherlock a look of uncertainty, crossing his arms in front of him. He looked back at Bilbo and mentally shook himself.
“What is it?” Sherlock followed John's line of site and spotted Thorin's heirs, along with the healer and the dwarf with the funny hat.
He glanced up as John managed to free himself from the thorned bushes once again. He gave Sherlock an aggravated huff and rolled his eyes when Sherlock grinned in response.
“Good. Now get undressed. You're going to need help getting in, and I for one am getting quite tired of waiting around for you to decide you need me.”
John leaned in slightly as he felt Sherlock's coat brush against his hand. They were close enough John could feel each breath, see the rising pulse in Sherlock's neck as his eyes hardened and he clenched his jaw and spun away, stomping off to catch up with the dwarves mumbling something about “stupid romantic fic” and “silly female's idea of romance”.
It was getting late. John and Bilbo had spent most of the evening… doing something Thorin and Sherlock would have found completely boring. Thorin was in the throne room, doing kingly things, and Sherlock spent most of the day in his mind palace. John had given up trying to figure out what the hell he did in there. They had been with the dwarves in Erebor for several weeks, if Sherlock were correct, and everyone knew better than to suggest he wasn’t.
Time seemed to skip, which Sherlock was having a hard time getting used to. It happened quite frequently, where there was a blur of time between slightly important events. All part of being in some sort of story. Obviously the writer couldn't focus on and write about every minuscule moment of the day. And so, suddenly it was evening. Early evening, if Sherlock were correct.
John stopped with a frustrated groan. “Why don't you just tell me what the hell you want me to say? What answer are you looking for, then?”
Cold and wet. Everyone was cold and wet. The town on the lake was a miserable place, smelling distinctly of rotten fish and misery. Bard had managed to smother the company into his little home through the toilet. There were a few dwarves who were in no way impressed, but Sherlock found it amusing. Of course, his amusement was dampened by his discomfort. His clothes were soaked and the air was damp and freezing cold. Being inside didn't do much to help, the draft in the miserable little building was horrible.
John was drunk. He had spent the entirety of the day drowning his pain in a bottle. A nice blond had sat down with him, matched him drink for drink, and now he was staggering home with her, or she with him, rather, and it was all wrong. Her lipstick was on his neck and smeared over his lips and he could taste the martini on her breath and smell her sweet perfume.
A beautiful, graceful, impossibly strong and nimble elf slid down a tree trunk, doing a few ridiculous flips and easily killed the spider that held the dwarf prince. The absolutely soppy look in Kili's eyes nearly made Sherlock nauseous. For crying out loud, the boy was nearly drooling at her feet. Sherlock turned to share his assessment with John, but he had already noticed. And he was grinning like fool. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Love at first sight. Honestly.
“I- I have for a while… and I never told you.” He swallowed again and cleared his throat. “I should have,” he looked down at the headstone again, his voice growing lower, more sincere. “I should have told you before, and maybe- maybe you wouldn’t have jumped. But that’s- that’s not something anyone can change now.” He shifted, burying his hands in his pockets. “I met someone, and she- well, she makes me…happy. At least, as happy as I have ever been without… well, without you. And that… that’s… something. So,” he looked down, shuffling his feet. “I’m going to marry her. At least, I will if she says yes.” John huffed a humorless chuckle. “I guess… I guess that’s it.” He turned to leave but thought better of it. He looked back, face sincere, and he could see Sherlock standing before him. “Thank you,” he breathed, “thank you for… for everything. You truly were… my best friend.” A single tear escaped, rolling down John’s cheek as he reached toward Sherlock’s imagined face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, moving slightly into the mouth of the small cave. “Can you not see the way rock and dust has only settled along the walls? But there are marks where others have slid along the bottom and down, obviously, into some sort of underground cavern. Any idiot could see this is a trap.”
The helpless look in John's eyes sent a jolt through Sherlock's heart. He longed to close the distance between them, to reach out and reassure the man he had grown so fond of. Sherlock stood on unsteady feet and slowly moved toward John. He reached out, taking the doctor's hand in both of his own and stroked his thumb over it lightly.
The dragon came closer, movements fluid and predatory as he slid through the vast wealth of Erebor. He stopped before Sherlock and John, examining them with intelligent golden eyes. “You are not men of Laketown. You are much taller. More intelligent. And you cannot be elves. Elves are too clever to risk their lives to face me.”
Sherlock wasn't sure how long he had been laying on the floor. Judging by the light coming into the room, the sun had nearly set, and the air was getting a bit colder. The cool stone soothed the burning pain of his stitches through the thin layer of the elvish tunic and loose pants he was apparently wearing.
John shook his head lightly. “Never mind. Come here.” He let out a determined huff and leaned down, pressing his lips to Bilbo’s, then quickly pulled away. “Well?”
“Sorry. Not interested,” Sherlock declared as he swung his legs over the edge of the bed. “John, where are my trousers?”
“It is a miracle you're people have lasted as long as they have, given your obvious lack of common sense and complete disregard for-”
“Easy for you to say,” Bombur grumbled as he plopped down next to John on the rocks. “I would much rather be sitting by a nice fire without such a 'close brush with death' .” Bombur smirked at John's light laughter and began wringing out his enormous beard.
“Oh, finally,” Sherlock grumbled as he slid the key into the lock and let himself out of his prison. He looked up at the excited sounds of relief as the dwarves all pushed themselves to the front of their cells.
John nodded, refusing to relinquish his hold on Sherlock's hand, and the two of them stepped off the cliff. They landed hard, the breath rushing from their lungs as the sound of rustling wings met them. They were airborne.
Bilbo told John his favorite color. John agreed. Sherlock wasn’t even there, and he was still irate over the author’s continuous inability to assign John a favorite color.
“I- well I didn't know him. Perhaps he had more sense than you,” Sherlock attempted to take back a bit of the insult to Thorin's line. “After all, if your father was from the line of Durin, perhaps it's your mother who was the idiot-”
“I- I'll just... leave you to finish up,” John stammered hastily as he stood up and turned on his heel, making a quick retreat to the bedroom.
“Oh my God. I am so sorry,” John jumped up and immediately began pacing, pulling his hands through his hair in agitation.
“You were tackled by a warg. He flayed your side open, and you passed out from blood loss and shock. Lord Elrond and I managed to patch you up,” John answered as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
Sherlock gave him a perplexed look. “My ridiculous sex drive has been quelled. Now I can focus and figure out how to get us out of this mess.”
“I see. He's a..... he's an interesting fellow, that Sherlock Holmes.” Bilbo cleared his throat. “Bit of a prick, too.”
“Well, John Watson, why don't you go with my nephews and see what you can find to feed us tonight?” Thorin sounded amused, and John was more than eager to pull out his gun and wipe that haughty grin off the dwarf's face.
“I am awestruck John, why am I awestruck?” Sherlock asked, looking to the doctor for answers. But John wasn't listening. He was entranced by the elven magic, lighting up the room and rendering all who saw it speechless.
“As do I,” said a strange elderly man as he appeared at Elrond's side. The man's hair was mostly gray, and he was dressed in a long cloak. He carried a wooden staff, and Bilbo Baggins appeared to be his shadow. How had Sherlock not noticed the hobbit's presence before now? Must have been an afterthought by the author.
“Are you going to have a bit to eat? Or are you going to skip tonights meal and jump right to having Uncle for dessert?!”
And the bowman had children. Children were uncharted territory. The smallest one came and stood before Sherlock. She stared at him for several minutes, then came and sat next to him.
Well, he had the elf there. John smirked lightly as the elf on the throne nearly shook with repressed rage. “You're going to Erebor. To claim your birthright,” Thranduil said coolly, as though his knowledge was a blow to Thorin's ego. He place his fingers together, resting his elbows on his knees and his fingertips near his chin in a very familiar position.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow at Thorin. He wanted to tell John to come out of hiding, but he was hit with a protective urge to make sure these creatures were not hostile before John's presence became known.
Sherlock let the conversation fade out. How exactly had they come to be here? He had been trying for days to find the answer, but was no closer to figuring it out than he had been when they found themselves here in the first place. He tried to remember what happened before they ended up here, but to no avail. They had come home from solving a case, a very simple case, jealous girlfriend, double murder, suspect found within eight hours. They came home, ate, and went to bed. Nothing strange had happened, there had been nothing suspicious or out of place when they went to bed. John bade Sherlock good night at approximately 12:00am, Sherlock had gone to bed around 3:00. The next thing they knew, they were here, fully dressed and lost in the wilderness.
John leaned up and kissed Sherlock softly. He laid back and ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. “Let me see you. Let me watch you come undone.”
“Would you like to come in?” Sherlock asked softly. “I believe there is whiskey left in the cabinet.”
Hello everyone!!! Sorry for the hiatus. It was involuntary, I assure you. My old laptop crashed, and it took me two weeks to get in my new one! Then I had to get everything transferred and organized..... anyway. It was a whole thing. But here we are! The final chapter of a silly messed up fic! Please enjoy!
Sherlock frowned, jumping to his feet and grabbed John's shoulders mid step. “Why? John, don't be sorry. That was....” Sherlock scrambled to find words that would accurately describe what exactly that was. “amazing.” He dropped his hands to John's waist and took a step closer, pressing himself against the shorter man's body. “You give me more than I deserve.” Sherlock wanted to loathe the words coming from his own mouth, but he couldn't bring himself to.
“Oh, Fili. Kili. Whatever. Sounds like some kind of sushi roll. What is she attempting, Shakespeare? What the actual fuck?”
John huffed. “Love.” He looked up at Sherlock defiantly. “Love, ok? We were talking about what it feels like to have another person become everything to you. To feel more for that person than anyone else in the world, to care about them more than yourself. Does that answer your question?”
Where had his pants gone? Fuck, who cared? This was what all the build up had been for. This was why there was so much miscommunication, why pining existed. This was exquisite! Who knew that he could feel this way? Even if it was only because it was written to be so. Sherlock couldn't bring himself to care. Everything felt amazing.
The forest was thick, the air heavy and damp as it pressed in on the company. The first couple days, the dwarves held light conversation, trying to keep themselves distracted from the strange smothering feeling. By the third day, the group remained silent. The only words uttered were hushed whispers, questions of which way to go and when to stop for a rest. The silence gave John time to ponder on his relationship with Sherlock. He thought on their interactions since they had come to Middle Earth, and found himself wishing he had a Mind Palace to sort it all out. It was afternoon when the fogginess of the forest overwhelmed him and he finally gave up and decided to spend the rest of the day taking in their surroundings.
John’s shoulders slumped as he nodded gratefully. He trudged after Sherlock up the familiar stairs and into the flat where shadows of the past would be brought into the light.
“You’re boring me,” the dragon hissed. “If you don’t have anything of interest to say, there is no sense in letting you live.” Smaug readied himself to lunge at the men.
“Alright 'Bard the Bowman', take us to Laketown,” Sherlock demanded. Laketown? He hadn't even heard of the place. No matter. Apparently that's where they needed to go.
Sherlock dropped his pants, leaving them in a heap on the grass and lowered himself onto the coat with John. He reached around into his coat pockets, rifling and searching for something, and John was starting to feel a bit awkward.
“John!” A familiar voice drew Sherlock's attention. He wasn't sure if he should be amused or annoyed to find one Bilbo Baggins crossing paths with he and John near the fountain.
The restaurant was crowded, and John was more anxious than he thought he would be. This should be the best day of his life, but he couldn’t find any other emotion through the near panic he felt. Mary would get there any minute, and he needed to get it together before she did.
“I want to thank you for taking such good care of me last night,” John said softly, letting his lips brush Sherlock's.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed slowly. “Yes we should.” He gave a grinning Bilbo a wink, and headed away from the fountain, letting his arm brush lightly against John's as he went. He grinned at the unmistakable sharp intake of breath and glanced back to catch John shaking his head with eyes pinched shut.
Maybe romance wasn't so bad. Maybe pining and slow burn bull shit weren't as horribly overrated as he had first expected.
Sherlock jumped at the sound of an arrow piercing wood. He turned to see a man, like a real actual human, not a dwarf, or an elf, or some orc monstrosity, aiming a bow and arrow at Kili, and loosing an arrow that knocked the rock from the dwarf princes hand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh come now, John. You've spent the majority of your time since we entered this forest pondering your feelings for me.”
The graveyard was empty, cold and damp and swathed in the light orange glow of sunset. John stood before Sherlock’s headstone, stubbornly not doing what he came here to do, but refusing to leave. He had to give himself closure. Had to tell Sherlock how he felt, had to leave it with his grave. Had to lay to rest the guilt. The heartbreak. The pain and ache.
“You do realize a fever is the body's way of fighting off infection? It's good that I've spiked a fever,” John lectured.
Sherlock grinned. “Now that is a new one. Usually I get something along the lines of 'shut up, you absolute wanker'.”
Sherlock gazed hungrily at the expanse of exposed skin. He licked his lips, then squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. “Yes. The dwarves were eager to continue on, and we'll be lucky if they haven't left us already,” Sherlock answered as stood up and tossed John his pants.
John blinked rapidly for a moment, hands opening and closing into fists. He swallowed and worked his mouth a few times, searching for words. For coherent thoughts. Anything beyond the complete and total overwhelming confusion of emotions.
“Wait, do you mean to.....” John's face fell. “Like this? Sherlock, this is not exactly the most romantic setting. Or mood, for that matter.”
Sherlock sighed. Yes! Yes, things were going exactly as he had hoped. He let his eyes fall closed and moaned as John began to stroke.
“Keep going,” the deep whispered voice urged, and suddenly John was impossibly hard. He let his hand slide down his cock, and he inhaled sharply at the feel.
John Watson was an adrenaline junky. He loved running for his life, so long as there was a certain detective running alongside him. Sherlock had breathed life back into him, convinced him it was worth living for. John often wondered if Sherlock had known how close John had been. How meaningless his life had felt.
The air was suddenly quite hot, and suddenly they stumbled into a vast hall filled with treasure which was quite the overuse of the word “suddenly”. John quickly grabbed Sherlock's arm, pointing to where Bilbo stood, an enormous and terrifying dragon standing over him.
John stroked his hands up the firm plains of Sherlock's chest, and back down again, feeling the fine hairs shift beneath his fingers as his chest, pressed to the smooth expanse of Sherlock's chest, moved with the expansion and contraction of his lungs.
“You heard me Sherlock. We will take the train,” John repeated in a tone that brokered no discussion.
Sherlock reached unsteadily for the nearest wall, easing himself down onto the ledge, then casually took a cigarette out of the inside pocket of his jacket. "I had some things I needed to … attend to."
Sherlock gave him "the look".  the look he always gave the source of a difficult problem upon first appraisal; eyes narrowed deducingly, wrinkles forming on the bridge of his nose. And then drew in a breath.
“Yes,” he waved dismissively. “We will take the train.” Sherlock's focus returned to the substance trapped between the slides.
Sherlock just looked at him, those cerulean blue eyes staring straight back at John and into the depths of his soul.
The door closed behind Lestrade and John, and Sherlock reached behind him to pull up a stool, sinking back into it.
John, silent, just watched him leave, running the the pads of his fingers over the textured table top, tracing the bumps and grooves, trying to put his thoughts into some semblance of order. But the frustration any worry seemed to have worked themselves into one continuous feedback loop. In the end, he headed upstairs to the flat, but not before encountering Mrs Hudson on the landing.
The remainder of Sherlock’s sentence was cut short as his stomach attempted to empty itself of absolutely nothing at all. Anything that had been in residence had exited his body the same way less than two minutes prior and Sherlock was profoundly grateful that John hadn't been present to witness that embarrassing demonstration of his transport’s weakness. This display was bad enough. Leaning back on his heels, hands still gripping the railing, he closed his eyes and rested his forehead on the railing. His head was jostled every few seconds by the ship’s movement, but he couldn't care to move to relieve the discomfort.
“I will be back tomorrow morning at 10am for your tour, till then, please do have a pleasant night,” and with that, Guerin took his leave.
“Arnaud has told me so much about you, I’ve been looking forward to your visit.” She took her seat behind her desk, crossing her legs as she leant towards them.
“Out of interest,” John queried as he held the door to the dining compartment open as Sherlock breezed through “will I be able to eat my breakfast in peace or will there be pitchforks at the ready?”
Finally, they turned into the street behind Guerin's house. “Pull in right there,” John said, indicating the space alongside the Audi, obscured as it was behind a retaining wall.
Mycroft's gaze dropped to his tea again, and then lifted his head to the front corner of the cafe. John turned, following Mycroft's line of sight to the small television hanging from the roof. Muted, the channel was turned to BBC One's coverage of the anti-Brexit protests occurring outside Parliament.
His breaths were coming shallow and fast; too shallow, too fast. His blood pressure alarmingly low and his heart beating at twice it's normal rate.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font that reads, "Between the Fall and the Creation." A horizonal line.
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Two.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J But as yet we are not clear, You and I. Cast in shadows against the sky, Against the world. Against each other.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Rise. Every day. Every night, to dream, and dream. To wake, to know, and fall again.”. A horizontal line.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, centered that reads, "To." A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, "To us. To you. To them." A horizontal line.
“She didn't pull it off in a struggle, the indents in her palm would have appeared at the top of she had. It wasn't ripped from her, she held it secure. She held it at her neck, the pressure of the three points even on her skin. It only came away from her neck when her hand went limp and pulled it free.” His words came faster now, agitated.
Holmes’ pace slowed then stopped. He stilled for a moment and took a slow breath, his filling lungs causing his coat to rise softly at the back. His words floated on the exhale.
Moriarty was out of his seat and nearly at the door, Moran following in his wake, when Lestrade called after him. “There will likely be an inquest.”
Sherlock’s face remained impassive, seeming oblivious to John’s reaction, as he studied, eyes narrowed, eyebrows drawn together, the house and grounds. Following Sherlock’s gaze, John could make out in the far distance, a lone tree overlooking a body of shallow, reedy water. In the tree’s shadow, with his back to them, a figure stood, dressed in a olive tweed jacket and derby flat cap.
John stayed on the roof of Barts long after the sun went down and stole all the warmth from his bones.
“I don’t know why the hell they stopped me and didn't stop you,” he muttered as they finally let him go on his way with a “we’ll be keeping an eye on you” look.
“Relax, try not to look so much like a soldier, John,” Sherlock muttered under his breath. “And for God’s sake don't look so gay.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
But now … now John was taking his revenge. This was going to be done at John's pace. Easy, relaxed, excessively drawn out, and it was going to drive Sherlock to certain distraction. What Sherlock also did not know was that John knew how much Sherlock wanted this new case. John grinned at his reflection in the bathroom mirror.
The adrenaline helps, helps shut out the desire for sleep that keeps trying to worm its way into his brain, across his limbs. It was useful, valued, and necessary. But it was also choking him, constricting his lungs and inching its icy tendrils across his heart and squeezing tight. He shut his eyes and willed away the nausea. This is the flipside, the unpleasant co-morbidity of a deep seated love; the agonizing fear of loss.
John glanced around the carriage, not in the least assuaged by Sherlock’s description of the night’s events. He didn't find anything to concern him on the faces of his fellow diners, but he did see a few casting second (and third) glances at his beautiful dining companion. John's chest puffed out a little as it did every time he was reminded of how fortunate he was to be the chosen company of such a gorgeously brilliant man.
John had known what to expect, he’d been here before. Well, not to Southwark, but to a number of other coroner’s courts in and around London as a result of time spent on cases with Sherlock. He had always found it an exercise in futility. The bereaved searching for answers and the outcome usually only providing more questions; those sad, desperate individuals whose eyes he had always tried to avoid by focusing on the case at hand. Now, three days after Moriarty’s “show” at the Yard, it was John’s turn to sit in their place.
John leaned forward, bracing his hands against the ledge of the mirror, his breath going ragged at the image … Sherlock - immobilized, restrained, unable to fight back or save himself ...
Sherlock had to act quickly. Knowing how Guerin’s last victims met their end, skulls crushed beyond recognition, he had no doubt about Guerin’s next move so he strode forward quickly to disengage his attention from John before he could swing again. “Sticking with your tried and true modus operandi I see,” he goaded with as much bluff as he could muster and was rewarded, to his overwhelming relief, by Guerin tossing the extinguisher. It clanged loudly on the concrete floor as Guerin drew a gun on him instead. He motioned with the gun for Sherlock to come and join him.
"Doctor Watson, I hope you will confine your remarks at this stage to what is needed to proceed to the formal inquest. This is not a venue for discussing hypotheticals that are not backed up by the evidence available to the police."
“You've been to war,” Sherlock prompted. “Did Owen have it right or was Horace? Are we to quiver in horror at the battle, or rejoice in its glory?"
But now, the coal-burning relic was currently in the throes of a modern day revival. Spurned on by the insatiable demand for new residences in the heart of London, the structure that had remained largely unoccupied for the last 30 years, was undergoing a “regeneration” of sorts.
Quiet, still. John didn't have the words to express what he was feeling, so he let the touch of his mouth, his lips and his tongue speak instead. And where John led, Sherlock followed. Leaning in to each other, lips on lips, cheeks and jaws. Kisses on necks, shoulders and collar bones. Tongues lathing lines of saliva up and down each others chests, fingers following the trails.
“Mainly fungal growth associated with mycotoxin production. It’s why it is always stored below 25 degrees Celsius and with a maximum of 5% moisture content.”
The scrape of a tea cup being pushed away across a wooden echoed faintly through the line before Mycroft carefully replied. “I don’t know.”
After a few moments, John pushed back, allowing his happily spent cock to slip from between Sherlocks legs. Rolling to the side he grabbed a bunch of tissues from the nightstand and perfunctorily cleaned himself before gently seeing to Sherlock. Tossing the tissues aside he reached for Sherlock, drawing him close as their laboured breaths eased.
“Yes, well you never really know what you are getting into when you start, right? But it — he has been good ... to me.”
His breath hitching at the loss he saw in Holmes’ eyes, Watson suddenly felt the full burden of explaining the unexplainable, of rationalizing the irrational, of providing sense where none was possible. And as Holmes’ gaze regarded his, searching desperately for the answers in the steadfast eyes of his loyal doctor, Watson considered.
“We were celebrating. Sometimes it’s nice having someone else to clean up the mess,” Moriarty shrugged.
"Okay, let's take a look at you," Sherlock donned a pair of nitrile gloves and drew down the zipper from the crown of her head to her belly, the plastic falling away at the sides to reveal dark hair that pooled around her shoulders.
Headed for the chambers, John had passed the court rooms on the right, already filling with the first scheduled inquests of the day. Volunteers were guiding bewildered attendees huddled in groups or sitting alone through the process. He ignored them as much as possible as he wove his way through them to the chambers at the back. Mycroft was already waiting inside the room, sitting primly at the front opposite one of the Coroner’s assistants with a large stack of documents in front of him.
Sherlock owed John. John knew Sherlock owed John. Sherlock did not know yet that he owed John, but he was going to. For the last two months they had followed leads (and John had followed Sherlock) all over London and the surrounding boroughs in an attempt to discover the identity of the individual whose tastes ran to the delicacy of human flesh. Every day, all hours of the night, every night. Any time the whim took him, Sherlock insisted on John's company, no matter what important (Sherlock had declared unnecessary) task John might have been engaged in at the time. Thankfully the case broke before John seriously contemplated taking certain measures to ensure he would not be woken at 2am for the third night in a row
“John,” Sherlock breathed back, for all intents and purposes, as shocked at the path they were hurtling down.
John turned towards the limousine’s minibar and grabbed a foil packet. “At least he has quality nuts.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Five.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J No! Despite my want, my desire, my need. Despite it being a total denial of life, to refuse it. I will forsake you.”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S And I left the path on this adventure of dreams, And made my way to the woods. To sleep.”. A horizontal line.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Well, I'm no detective,” she glanced towards John, “or doctor, but I would venture to guess that head trauma of that magnitude does not happen by accident, and certainly not upon three different occasions. So either it is all one huge coincidence, or …” she held her hands out palms up.
"Look, I shouldn't be talking to you at all …” Lestrade lowered his voice, “but, you should try and find him before we do. And John …”
Slowly John gathered up the thin white pages and went through the printed text line by line. He only looked back up when he reached the end of the last page.
“There won’t be a trial if you don’t catch the murderer. And you have no way of connecting him to it unless you do as I say.”
Sometime past midnight, Sherlock slipped out from under the covers, pulled on his dressing gown, and made his way to the kitchen. Pulling up a chair he dialed the number of the only other person, given the circumstances, who would be awake at that hour.
“This is what I need,” Sherlock announced, assuming his oft-played role that the world revolved around him. “I need to go through
“And why do you think they were murdered?” Sherlock determined that now was the time for his bluntness.
“Good god I hate journalists," the DI muttered to himself, setting the file box down on a benh. "Why do I always come out of those things feeling like a carcass stripped by vultures? Right then, you’ll be wanting to see …" his voice trailed off as his gaze flickered between the three of them.
For some reason, that was what did it, the proverbial straw that broke the control that John had been desperately clinging to, making him see red. Red; the bright, oxygenated crimson his own blood pouring from his shoulder wound, redder than he had ever seen in Sherlock's presence, ever before.
Raking his fingers through his hair he drew in a deep breath. Time to pull himself together. He had just moved to push himself off the bench and make his way home when a now more tentative Lestrade called again.
John fell asleep easily, presumably assuming that Sherlock's corresponding stillness meant he would do the same. But when the flood of oxytocin started to ebb, with it went the peace John had brought with him.
In contrast to the house they had left, the office was as vacant as the surrounding land. A desk, a few chairs and a rather bedraggled looking plant sat in the corner. No artwork, no personal Items, nothing to provide any insight into the woman who worked there, who effectively ran Guerin’s entire operation.
"Yes, yes, of course," she, stood up, fluttering hands smoothing down her lab coat as made her way to the door.
The wound at her throat, the same as the previous four. A deep, clean slice, wider on the left; he was left handed and stood behind. Slight bruising from widely placed fingers on the the left side of her jaw; he had held her head still and her mouth closed tight.
Sherlock regarded the rows of unoccupied chairs in the empty terminal as he waited; boring, uncomfortable. The carpet; boring, ugly. He resorted to closing his eyes against the drudgery of it all as he waited. Of course did not have to wait long, what with Mycroft’s minions always close at hand to do his bidding at a moment’s notice.
"Of course I've tried his bloody …" Lestrade's rant was cut short by someone in the distance calling his name.
Following the path of a recessed gantry, Sherlock swept from the open floor into the darkened arteries leading to Switch Room B.
“I just need to take a look at something, it’s not too far out of the way,” Sherlock dismissed, providing no further explanation.
Lestrade shot her a smile but when he turned back to John and Sherlock the look on his face clearly read -
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
And there is was, the guilt laid squarely at John’s feet, the guilt he knew he couldn't escape even if he tried.
the dominant process in the perfume industry but of course it introduces chemicals into the oil. Carbon dioxide extraction is far more expensive but it offers superior oil — oil considered to be the truest to the original fragrance in the flower. The carbon dioxide is safe and can be completely removed from the oil after the extraction process is complete.”
She looked no different than she had two nights ago, a paler grey perhaps, but not remarkably so, and Sherlock was so intent in studying the remnants of dried, flecked blood around her lips, that he completely missed the fact that the room around him had gone completely still.
the tests?" he directed his question at Lestrade, desperate to escape the cloying delicacy of the tone she obviously thought she needed to use with him.
“Don't be obtuse John, you know why he’s here. Clearly he was sent by Mycroft to keep an eye on me.” Sherlock turned to face John, squaring his shoulders, obviously anticipating, encouraging a fight.
“How is it that you are here before us … ?” One of the blue-suited figures moved into Sherlock’s path.
“... and I don't expect you to say anything in return. Well,” he huffed with slight mirth, “clearly not, because you are asleep … But I want to … I’m going to say it now, all the same.”
Sherlock had pouted for days claiming he didn’t know why John couldn't do it, and John had repeatedly assured him that he very much did know why he was the one who had to do it. The previous Christmas with the flashy dress and the ornament in her hair had been excruciating, not to mention the evisceration she had received before a very uncharacteristic but extremely warranted apology from Sherlock. For all the favours Sherlock had wheedled out of her in the past, and for all the sweet but misguided affection she had proffered in exchange, it had to be done. And it had to be done by Sherlock.
,” the disdain lingered in Moriarty’s words, “but I’d suggest there would be any number of ways that fingerprints could turn up on an object that could be handled by
The responding smile was beyond anything Sherlock had ever seen on John's face. The doctor pulled him close and began kissing him in earnest, pulling him down onto the rug before the fire.
John nodded. “A-alright. Thank you.” He hesitated for a moment, then stepped around Sherlock and headed for the back door.
Sherlock grinned as he felt John's hands hover over his waist, hot breath coming just a bit closer to his bare shoulder. There was a light brush of lips, then John was moving a safer distance away.
Sherlock leaned forward slightly in an obvious invitation for John to wash his back. He was thrilled when the doctor visibly relaxed and set to work. He moved behind Sherlock, where he could hide his crimson face and hopefully get a better handle on himself.
“This, Master Baggins, is where you come in,” Thorin said softly. “You must find the Arkenstone, and bring it out to me.”
“What is it?” the leader, the one Sherlock assumed must be Thorin, stopped in his tracks when he spotted Sherlock. His head tilted down and he gave the tall man an assessing look.
Satisfied with Sherlock’s steady pulse and his present acerbity clearly signaling the return of normal cognitive functioning, the residual fear for Sherlock’s safety was beginning to fade and John found himself starting to wind up. He got to his feet and started to pace the length of the bed while Sherlock’s eyes tracked the muscles clenching in his jaw and left hand.
Lestrade put the paper down and Moriarty’s eyes dropped to the paper, running greedily over the typed script.
Closing the fridge door, the clock on the wall, ticking into the quiet, came into view. 6pm - too early for bed, especially since he had slept practically the entire day … but not too early for a drink? His inner voice pointed out that it wasn't such a good idea. Snagging a bottle of cheap whiskey from behind the mugs, he ignored it.
It was seven flights of concrete stairs to the roof. The emergency exit door gave way to reveal extraordinary sunset, casting a burnished orange hue over the parts of London it touched, and warm enough that John's forgotten coat was not an issue. There was however, nothing else up there. No Sherlock.
“One inevitably makes enemies if one is good at business. The belief that one can win and always be liked is entirely misinformed.”
John nodded. They made their way to the secluded garden nestled away behind the hospital church of St Bartholomew the Lesser and took up a seat together on one of the crimson benches beneath the stained glass arches. Setting the second cup down on the sandstone flagging, John looked up towards the overcast sky. For the first time in seemingly forever (though it had probably only been a week), the sun was trying to make an appearance.
John lined up his cock, trying not to release Sherlock’s mouth from his own, but after a couple of aborted attempts and a curt mutter of "angle's all wrong" from beneath him, he leaned sideways to fish the other pillow off the bed and wedge it beneath Sherlocks hips, giving himself a sneaky tug or two in the meantime and smiling as he saw Sherlock do the same.
“ ... but I need you to remember … that you're not alone. You don't have to do any of this alone. The rest of us might not be as brilliant, and I might not get there as fast as you can, but you know I do in the end, and I will always. I want to always be there beside you doing it. I won't leave you, so please don’t leave me. Right, okay, there, said it ... and all to a man who can’t hear me."
“So?” Lestrade’s frustration bubbled as he loomed over the body. Watson straightened rose from his position. He regarded the detective inspector for a moment before concurring. “Dead; just like the others".
gently he reached out to place his hands, fingers spread wide on the narrowest part of Sherlocks waist, and began to rub his thumbs back and forth across the skin spread tight across his bottom ribs. (
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Eleven.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S life is an act of faith, in this godless world”. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “J Here where you are now. Without me.” A horizontal line.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” John reassured him. “It only needs a few stitches. I just opened it up again for dramatic effect.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twelve.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J The world, grey. Absent any kind of human undertaking”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Why do I still reach for you when I know, I am no longer a part of the life that you are actually living”. A horizontal line.
The two messages before those were from Lestrade, the sentiment along similar lines, albeit with a few more expletives. Lestrade glanced guiltily at John who shrugged knowingly; Sherlock drove them both nuts on a regular basis.
Now, sitting across from a reluctant Lestrade holding a wad of paperwork, John willed the facts to lie. The tests had come back a match; it was Sherlock’s DNA in the follicles of the his hair, and his blood on the his clothes and on the knife,. A match to the blood at the scene. A match to
“Where is he?” John demanded of the Constable on duty at the front desk. Before the young and slightly stunned
A few minutes later he felt John roll over towards him and place an arm softly on top of the duvet around his waist. He waited until the breaths stirring the hairs on the back of his neck started to slow and the arm started to slacken as sleep overtook John again.
“Crime?” the Gardaí regained enough composure to express his confusion. “But you said that he did it to himself, and that’s what the footage shows.”
There were fifty-eight steps.  How many were left? He couldn't even do basic arithmetic. And it was taking an extraordinary amount of effort to climb each one.
Fuck Guerin. No one talked to John like that! Sherlock knew that John had a protective streak, but he wasn't aware of just how strong his own was until Guerin had started his condescending bullshit. And realizing that John had only been allowing it happen for the Work, for him, the resultant surge of lust had overwhelmed him.
John turned and fled back down the stairs, calling over his shoulder with utterly no conviction as he went, “I’m sure it’s going to be fine, Mrs Hudson.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
John was struck with the overwhelming desire to pull back out of the space. Instead he planted his feet firmly and stood his ground, staring straight back while Moriarty cocked his head to the side as if examining an insect pinned to a board and then, flicking up the collar on the
Shaking her head. “Not personally. They did work in other areas of the business though. Picking up samples, ensuring chain of custody, that sort of thing.”
"I'm sure they did, but I can't just hang around waiting for him to bloody call, can I?" John snapped, thundering down the stairs, forgetting, in his haste, to retrieve his coat.
Sherlock closed his eyes and rubbed his temple. When he opened them, they looked slightly pained. "I … didnt … I don't want you to get hurt."
man grabbed the cab for himself, and left John standing on the footpath, staring after the rapidly retreating taxi and muttering the word “arse” not so quietly under his breath.
And with John's eyes now open, his hungry tongue, teeth, mouth on Sherlock’s and his hands determinedly pulling Sherlock's shirt free from his pants, it appeared as if John was quite willing to let it go too.
“Well, nice to see you too! I’m on holiday, would you believe?” Lestrade responded, shoving the laptop he had been holding at Sherlock's
Alone at last, Sherlock ceased his frenetic movement in the middle of the floor. Steepling his fingers under his chin, the movement of his hands still constrained by the presence of the handcuffs, he regarded the ceiling, a myriad of thoughts playing out in a series of computations against the grey concrete.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Mycroft sniffed. “Don't fool yourself into thinking that you are his white knight, or that knowing you has somehow changed my brother's fundamental character. Sherlock will always do what he needs to do, regardless of the impact on those around him, you and anyone else."
“Now, your safety is paramount, so walk where I walk and try not to stray. We wouldn't want you getting yourselves killed in an unfortunate industrial accident would we?”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
What Sherlock thought was that he was failing John, and miserably. He had absolutely no idea about what to say or do to comfort him - not his area at the best of times. But there was one thing that he could do, and that was take the focus off him.
His shoulder started to throb and he pressed two fingers roughly into the scar; to make it stop, to make it hurt more.
, a man dressed in quite possibly the most hideous of outfits Sherlock had ever had the misfortune to lay his eyes upon. If he wasn’t already feeling under the weather, just looking at this monstrosity would have been enough to put him there. Greying hair and a horridly orange tan were set off by a shirt that quite frankly looked like the entire state of Hawaii had thrown up all over it; bright orange and yellow hibiscus flowers fought for space alongside purple and blue pools of water and is that,
John’s focus remained on Moran who stood still and silent as the press around him erupted into a series of shouted questions. Then, slowly, Moran raised his hand to his neck and drew his index finger across his throat, mocking the action of a blade.
As Sherlock considered the statement, John continued. “And if you hadn't noticed, this isn't exactly Baker Street and we aren't exactly surrounded by the familiar streets of London. Even if last night didn't go the way it went, it is going to help having another mind around to think through the strangeness.”
“If you wanted to see my firearm, you should have just asked,” one eyebrow arched, as she held his gaze and reached behind her. She then placed a handgun gently in his still outstretched hand.
Watson took solace in the enveloping darkness as he made his way slowly, carefully back to Baker Street. The streetlamps cast an unnatural glow and the fog caught in his lungs, filling them with a thickness that rivaled that of his thoughts.
Lestrade paused before he got there and turned back to look at John. “I think that you should be prepared. If we can’t get anything on Moriarty, there will probably be an inquest.”
After a few seconds, he brought his head back and opened his eyes to find Sherlock had pressed himself up on his elbows and was staring at him intently.
Momentary confusion gave way to a look of sharp annoyance as Sherlock demanded. “Why didn’t I know your middle name?”
Already Sherlock was adrift in the depth of emotion of it all. And somehow, somehow John just knew, because he took his time, took his hand and led him over to the bed.
“So you were .... “ Lestrade looked apologetic and John felt a certain sense of sympathy for the DI. He was, after all, just doing his job.
expand quickly in the event of an accidental release, displacing oxygen and asphyxiating workers.” Sandrine was blunt to say the least.
Alt text: Ten. J. Space opens up and stretches, tight then starts to fray. Once, the condition of there being life. No longer. S. as to what you would dream, If you were allowed, What you would love, if you were permitted Who you would be.
At that Sherlock’s brows narrowed and he brought his hands up to steeple under his chin. “You never fail to amaze me, John.”
As soon as Sherlock had tossed the keys to the Land Rover to the clerk at the rental desk in the airport, he muttered some excuse to John about needing to use the washroom, and found himself a quiet corner of the airport to make his call.
had the advantage. He's not emotionally compromised, like I am. I told you before  — sentiment: the grit in the sensitive instrument, the crack in the lens, distorting, obscuring the view. It makes me weak ... us ... " he paused before saying it, "you ... make me weak."
Entering on the ground level saved him the considerable time it would have taken to traverse the scaffolded exoskeleton of the tower but it still left him with the not inconsiderable task of searching all the chambers and access corridors. Late in the day, with construction work having ceased, at least his efforts wouldn’t be complicated by the need to avoid (or tediously explain his presence to) any officious little project managers. He was however, still left with over a dozen floors to descend.
He was halfway to the bathroom, only clad in his pants when his phone buzzed from its resting place on the nightstand. Not a text, a phone call.
Alt text: Nine. J. Taking this ghastly risk, Admitting these heinous sins. One last, Careful, breath. S. Push. Poke. Prod. Worry it to the edge. Take further and further gambles Until it finally breaks.
Molly looked up expectantly as John entered the lab, but her face fell as she saw the expression on his. "You haven't found him."
Donovan, who appeared to John to be less inclined to indulge the man across the table, commented curtly, “nice coat.”
Anderson stepped to the side reluctantly and Sherlock moved in even closer, bending his head to take another look at her bowed one. Lestrade followed suit. Taking a pen from Lestrade’s top pocket (Lestrade didn’t even flinch, so used was he to Sherlock's invasion of his personal space), Sherlock drew back the veil of dark hair that had fallen limpy around the victim's face.
John watched the amber liquid swirl around the bottom of his glass, agitated by a flick of his wrist, before looking up again.
And with that he swarmed up Sherlock’s body, who reaching for his shoulders, dragged him up and closer while they hungrily kissed, John letting Sherlock chase the flavour of himself on John's tongue.
“It’s all viable,” the DI set the test results down carefully on the coffee table between them. “Fresh, it hadn’t been stored or altered."
); in an instant, slow sliding, gentle caressing was replaced by a flurry of gripping hands, eager lips and thrusting tongues. John shifted his hold to cradle the back of Sherlock's head, fingers threading through soft curls while his other hand guided Sherlocks jaw this way and that. And Sherlock went with him, returning every thrust and parry and challenging John for more.
, John rose from his chair, drawing his short blue robe closed around him as he set the paper on the side table.
“OK you, let's go,” John announced, exiting the washroom. Sherlock jumped up from his position on his bed. “You know, you could have put the beds away while I was getting ready,” John shook his head wryly.
The confusion didn't clear entirely from Holmes’ eyes, but it softened in appreciation as he took in his equally extraordinary companion’s touch. He eased himself back into his chair and let his eyelids slowly drift shut. Watson felt the constriction in his heart lessen. He left his hand where it was until the glowing embers in the hearth had faded and the calm of sleep finally took them both.
When he arrived at the lab, he found a number of Lestrade's people busily packing files back into boxes and picking an array of photographs up off the floor. From the doorway he caught the attention of the nearest officer. "Where's Lestrade?"
“Are you sure he’s going to fall for it? You are going to have to be bloody convincing.” He looked to Sebastian for agreement, but Sebastian was in the middle of typing out a message.
Spotlights hanging from the brickwork, powered by a generator grumbling deep within the old turbine walls, lit the way down. Finding most of the internal corridors locked, Sherlock’s path was less methodical sweeping and more zig zagging maze navigation.
Sherlock made his way out of the room and through the first door. He could see through the window that John was keeping one eye on the warehouse and another eye on his progress. Not clear yet, but he was starting to breathe easier.
, was … clean, peaceful. Letting out the breath he didn’t know he had been holding, John flicked through the images. Tight shots, wide shots, macro photos of abrasions and scuff marks. A few minutes later he closed the file and set it back down again.
Alt text: Five. J. No! Despite my want, my desire, my need. Despite it being a total denial of life, to refuse it. I will forsake you. S. And I left the path on this adventure of dreams, And made my way to the woods. To sleep.
The evidence, every test result, said the blood was Sherlock's … but why then had Sherlock had an epi-pen in his possession up there on the roof? At the time John had just assumed that Sherlock had found a handy fix in a time of need, but could it have been … was it … something else? His thoughts trailed off as his attention drifted back to the coroner.
Making his way to the door, Sherlock shrugged his suit jacket on before turning to consider the room and the corpse one last time.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Nine.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “J Taking this ghastly risk, Admitting these heinous sins. One last, Careful, breath.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Push. Poke. Prod. Worry it to the edge. Take further and further gambles Until it finally breaks”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom left half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
“Thank you, I believe that you have made your point,” Mycroft cut in before John’s rant could come to an end. "Perhaps it would be of assistance though, if you calmed down."
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“It shouldn't have been. . Sentiment, dear brother; something even you can't control. Or understand.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “Oh yes, by all means, let’s delay the business solving a crime to provide time for fostering the delusions of a group of individuals desperately seeking solace in a fictional entity.”
He closed his eyes against the pain, walked away a few steps to try and deal with what was ripping through him.  When he turned and opened his eyes again, the sky was a little darker, and Sherlock was gone.
John grinned. “Oh it's nothing like this at all.” He continued to describe the modern world, as best he could to a creature from a roughly medieval land.
The goblin king seemed to have taken a liking to Sherlock, a fact that made John want to gut the ugly walking pustule with his bare hands. He looked up again, to where the disgusting blob of a mutant was looking over Sherlock like a piece of meat. John's blood roared in his ears when the goblin king reached up and brushed his finger over Sherlock's cheek. He shoved his way through goblins and dwarves alike, pushing himself to Sherlock's side.
“If you two are quite finished fooling around in there, we need to be heading off!” Gandalf's voice was firm, but Sherlock didn't think the wizard was angry.
“Here, let me just get some light in here,” John said, moving around the room to light the two sconces on the wall. He returned quickly, dropping back to the floor at Sherlock's side.
“Sherlock?” John sounded concerned, which only made Sherlock and Thorin laugh harder. Thorin patted Sherlock's back, holding his stomach as his laughter died off.
Alright guys. It's about time we got to business. Smut!!! And not the most amazing smut, but smut anyway! Enjoy it while you can, things are going to get weird.
Sherlock grinned wolfishly at John's obvious approval. The doctor's jaw nearly dropped into the water as he ogled Sherlock openly.
Sherlock tried to ignore the effect John was having on him. The comfort of the doctor's steady hand on his skin, the proximity of his face to Sherlock's. The concern lacing his low voice. It was very disorienting.
No, John couldn’t go home just yet. Couldn’t admit defeat. He had finally managed to get out, and he wasn’t about to face Mrs. Hudson’s disappointed gaze full of pity. Without remembering to decide it, he made his way straight to the nearest pub and ordered himself a whiskey.
They rushed forward, Thorin and his heirs, Azog and Bolg, meeting together with a deafening crash of metal. John and Sherlock rushed onto the scene, taking in the sight with alarm. More orcs were coming. There was no way the Durins stood a chance.
“Elves!” Thorin's voice was frantic, as though he were threatened by the mere presence of elves in their midst. Sherlock couldn't find anything within him but relief. The elves made quick work of the remaining spiders, wiping them out and chasing the few left off into the darkness of the trees.
Sherlock frowned at John, watching the doctor as he watched the elven king. John's pupils had dilated, a much overused observation, and his pulse was visible at his neck as he licked his lips.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, tone even and calm. “I would almost go as far as to say that I believe you are jealous of this author.”
“Fili, Kili, search for firewood. Balin, Dwalin, with me,” the one closest to Sherlock commanded in a booming voice.
“He likes you. It's obvious. But it seems all you want is his body. Isn't there more to John Watson than that? Does he mean anything to you at all?”
“I can't believe you did that,” John grinned widely at Sherlock, shaking his head in amusement. “The look on Thranduil's face....”
Sherlock turned to face John's annoyed gaze. He stopped and stood in place, letting those hardened eyes pierce his own. Sherlock's gaze dropped to watch John lick his parted lips. “Look, I don't want to do this now, Sherlock. This forest, the way the dwarves are in here, it's..... messing with me, okay? I don't... I don't want to try to break down my emotions when I'm feeling so on edge. Does that make sense to you?”
“No. Judging by what's happened so far, this is most probably a slow-burn fic. That means it will be drawn out, there will be all sorts of misunderstandings and events that will keep us apart, driving us to emotional fits and near insanity. Trust me, John, it is much better this way.”
After Nori had left Sherlock standing by the river, feeling rather like a giant arsehole, the detective had decided to walk along the river bank and further consider the thief's words. The more he thought on it, the worse he felt. He had utterly and completely used John, and been unaware he was doing so in the moment. Had he truly always been this selfish? He had always considered himself a sociopath, but apparently, he had been wrong, at least in this universe. The writer clearly wanted him to have emotions, and feelings of guilt were not anything he was used to.
The cavern seemed to spring back to life. Dwarves dove for their weapons as goblins began to swarm. Sherlock stayed close to John, the soldier taking out every goblin that came close enough as they ran over wooden paths and bridges.
Mary smirked as she heard the shower start. She unzipped her dress and followed him into the bathroom.
John got up, grabbing his pants that just happened to be by the tree next to him and began pulling them on.
“What the hell are those things?!” John yelled at the nearest dwarf, Bifur, if he remembered correctly.
“Sherlock?” he whispered as he found the detective sitting nearby. “Sherlock?” he tapped the detective on the shoulder. “Something is following us.”
“It was well done,” Thorin said from the cell next to theirs. “Long have I craved to put that sprite in his place. It was good to see.”
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said softly. Then he leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's cheek and turned quickly to join the rest of the group. Sherlock pressed his fingers to the spot where John's lips had touched his skin. Like some idiotic smitten hero in a rom-com. But he couldn't find it in himself to care. It was nice to be the object of John's appreciation. Perhaps he could manage to win John over without being a romantic sap.
“There seems to be a little side romance story occurring as well. Our author is also a Dwalin/Ori shipper.”
Sherlock looked up in exasperation. “Oh honestly, you have no idea what his favorite color is, do you?” He mumbled. He shook his head and lowered his gaze back to John. “Looks like she's decided green is your favorite color.”
“Honestly Thorin, I don't see why you're so jealous,” Sherlock declared. “It's practically masturbation.”
“There must be something here. I can't imagine now this is happening the author would stop us. That would be cruel at this point. Aha!” Sherlock pulled a little bottle from his coat pocket.
“You're going about this all the wrong way,” a voice startled Sherlock from staring off where John had disappeared.
With this decided, Sherlock made his way towards the house. A roar through the trees startled him, until he remembered.
“Oh good! Looks like all the hard work has been done!” Gandalf's voice suddenly reached them as the old wizard strode toward them through the trees.
“Yes. I've never.....” oh honestly, a virgin? Him? At his age? He looked up at the ceiling over John's shoulder with a grin and mumbled “how original.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don't let these dwarves and their silly notions scare you. What we need to be doing is keeping an eye out for what our dear author has in store for us next.”
John leaned forward just a bit. Their faces were close, close enough Sherlock knew he could press their lips together with the slightest tilt of his head. John's breath tickled warm and soft over his lips. John's eyes closed and the tip of his nose brushed against Sherlock's slightly.
“No, no it's ok,” John's voice was gentle, and he couldn't help but notice the way the firelight played with the gorgeous color of Sherlock's eyes. “I- I....”
“You'd better go with him,” Beorn said, giving Sherlock a sidelong glance. “None of you should walk alone outside of these walls.”
Sherlock had to admit, out of all the unpleasant experiences he had ever encountered, being chased by orcs across an open field was up there at the top of the list.
Honestly, who wrote this drivel? And who would waste their time reading it? What absolute nonsense. Sherlock was going to have to do something to resolve this. His direct approach the last time had had disastrous results, and so he considered his other options. He could certainly offer himself openly to John, and hope the doctor would accept. Of course, the way things were going, he was sure the author would not allow that.
“This one is different. The air is stagnant and the trees are sick.” Bilbo sighed as he shook his head. “There is something evil in that forest.”
“Always with this 'she', Sherlock! Who is she? Is she someone you know? Because you sure seem to be aware of what it is that she wants!” John yelled.
Sherlock led John up the stairs, careful not to move to fast or to let the doctor stumble. He opened the door to his guest room, ushering John in and closed the door softly behind them. He moved to press his hand against John's forehead again, and frowned at the obvious fever the doctor had spiked.
“I'm sorry John, I can't get them any lower. I can't bend with this gash. You'll have to do the rest.”
“Unless of course this fic is about an unrequited love, which would be horrible. It would make it nearly impossible for me to think clearly if these feelings are not reciprocated.”
Apparently, they had shared a meal with Elrond and a few other elves a bit earlier. Sherlock's stomach was full, but he couldn't for the life of him remember what it was they had eaten. Not important. What was important, was that he was now standing on a balcony, (how many damn balconies did this place have?), overlooking Thorin and Bilbo, who were overlooking Gandalf and Elrond. The wizard and the elf seemed to be in a bit of a heated debate regarding Thorin's mental stability.
“How do you treat a poisoned arrow wound?!” John yelled as he helped hold Kili to the table in Bard's rickety shack.
“Yes. It is,” the silence between them was companionable, as though they had known each other their entire lives.
Sherlock shook himself. John's head was on his shoulder, and the two of them were laying on the bed. John was still straddling Sherlock, their chests pressed together as they struggled to catch their breath. There was a banging on the door, no doubt by the wizard's staff.
Beorn was not a fan of Sherlock, or Thorin it seemed, but he had gotten along quite well with Bilbo and John. The two had been helping Beorn in the kitchen for the better part of the last hour, and Sherlock and Thorin were getting quite tired of being ignored.
“Dwarf scum!” Azog bellowed, pointing his blade at Thorin and his nephews. “Thank you for bringing your heirs so that I might end your line all at once!”
The elves had been a bit rough, particularly with Sherlock, as they directed the company to the dungeons. Sherlock had smirked the whole way, leaving John wracked with barely stifled fits of giggles. Finally, the elves locked the last cell and took their leave.
Sherlock's eyes were wide, his jaw working to find words as his brain stumbled and seemed to short circuit. “Love?”
Well this was just great. He and John had managed to escape death countless times in the real world, but apparently this was where their luck would run out. Sherlock looked around the cliff side. There was no conceivable way they were going to survive this. John had a few rounds left, true enough, but it wouldn't be adequate to stop the entire pack from devouring every one of them. And it would do nothing to stop them from plummeting to their inevitable death.
Sherlock certainly did not think. Sherlock did not think at all! And he was only saved from a very undignified petulant outburst at the misappropriation of
John shook his head when asked for his order and then never took his eyes off Mycroft, as the man, tea having appeared, went about taking his time to ensure the resultant beverage was prepared as close to his satisfaction as it was going to get (which,from the look on Mycroft’s face when he lifted the metal pot lid and spotted the tea bag, was clearly not even slightly.
“Save them. Did it save them? Did believing in the existence of some imaginary higher power spare their life in battle?”
The officer punched in the numbers and brought the phone back to life, displaying the last open screen.
Alt text: Twelve. J. The world, grey. Absent any kind of human undertaking. S. Why do I still reach for you when I know, I am no longer a part of the life that you are actually living.
“Piss off, Sally,” John growled, not even bothering to temper his dislike for the Sergeant as he followed Lestrade through the door and steeled his resolve with a deep breath.
“It makes sense, why would anyone want to kill members of his staff? They were all very nice people but they didn't hold any influence that should bring them that sort of …
Most of all, thank you to everyone who stuck out the wait, to everyone who reviewed and encouraged me while I got my life together long enough to put this together for you. I love you all!!
Sherlock jerked awake with a gasp. Throwing the blankets away from himself, Sherlock sat up in an attempt to stop the nausea that was rolling through his stomach. He could feel his heart beating far too quickly, his neck throbbed in tune to his frantic pulse. Eyes darting around wildly, he tried to take in his surroundings as the words from his nightmares still echoed in his ears.
John clenched his teeth as a tall man with blonde hair stepped out from behind the shelter of the crates. He was taller than Sherlock, and more muscular. He certainly didn’t seem to have any problem pulling the bloodied man in front of him like a human shield.
“There is a security camera on the building opposite. Do you see it?” the voice on the other end of the phone was obviously aristocratically male, but other than that John didn’t recognize it at all.
As ever, this story is not BETA'd or Brit-picked so any and all mistakes belong solely to me, myself, and I. I do do my best to read through everything multiple times and take care of any mistakes, but if I missed anything please let me know and I will correct it ASAP. If you are interested in being my second set of eyes I would LOVE it if you would let me know in the comments!
Something heavy settled into his stomach as he finally opened his eyes, sitting up and looking around the room. Sherlock was nowhere to be found. The room was silent, the bathroom door hung open and empty. John's clothes were the only ones scattered along the floor.
“That was unnecessary,” Sherlock murmured to John once there was some distance between themselves and the angry woman.
John walked with Stamford through Bart’s.  The man had refused to tell him anything about where they were going, trusting that his natural curiosity would keep John following behind.  John was fending off nostalgia as he looked around the hospital; he had spent many long days and nights here on the way to earning his doctorate.
“Mmm.” Sherlock hummed as he kicked off his shoes and wandered further into the room. “Mummy decorated it. She stays here when she’s in the city.”
John climbed inside. As he settled onto the bench seat he felt the car pull smoothly out into traffic. Great, he thought with a slight scowl. He was going to be severely put out if he had to bail out of a moving vehicle with his shoulder in the condition that it was in.
“Boring” Sherlock dismissed. “That sounds utterly revolting. I would say that I thought you were above that drivel but in the end, that would be a lie.”
John wanted nothing more than to lie in his bed and not leave it again; which, incidentally, is the reason he was limping through the park. The temptation was strong and it was one of the rare clear and sunny days in London; he decided to escape the sad little room he now occupied in search of brighter pastures.
“The windows are privacy glass.” Sherlock dismissed with a scoff, even as he pushed himself back up in his seat and straightened his newly rumpled suit. “Someone could press their face to them and still not be able to see inside.”
"That's not what this is about Sherlock." John sighed, reaching up to rub a frustrated hand through the back of his hair as he considered his words. "I don't want to control you."
John looked up at Sherlock, who was still sitting there with an unreadable expression on his face. “Sherlock, I wasn’t looking for you that day. I didn’t see any way out without the committee, and the committee wasn’t somewhere I was willing to look. You walked up to me and you were amazing. Brilliant and perfect even with that damn riding crop. Then we went out and- we solved it Sherlock! We solved a
“Oh look, you’ve eaten another whole cake. That was the third one. Today.” Sherlock responded in falsetto before removing his coat and tossing it vaguely in the direction of the coatrack. “Why are you here? Don’t you have genocide to commit?”
Slight Trigger Warning: Much like the last chapter this does have a bit of violence. Nothing too graphic, but certain things are implied.
“I think that your options are rather more limited than that,” the man snapped. With a sudden pull he jerked up Sherlock’s injured arm causing him to yell out in pain and desperately try to shift his balance to avoid falling forward into the blade with the weight of his own body.  “You are going to put the gun down. You are going to notify whoever is with you that I am not to be touched. You are going to back far far away from the car, and you are going to let me drive away. If you do everything with a pretty smile on your face, I might let your little slut go.”
“Dull is hardly the word.” The chiding tone of Mycroft’s voice rubbed Sherlock exactly the wrong way.
“Of course.” Molly quickly pulled her soiled gloves off as she went to tap on her computer keyboard. “It appears that we have one on the way actually. Time of death was only 15 min ago. He should be here shortly.”
The man was beautiful, there was no denying it. Almost beautiful enough to distract from the fact that-“Why are you beating a corpse?”
The gun jerked to land on Booth as he grappled with one of the guards, and John couldn’t stop himself from moving forward. A moment later she was falling, clutching at a hole in her chest. She fired wildly towards him several times before losing her grip on the small gun.  John ran forward, kicking it away from her limp hand. Trusting that the two agents could handle the other men he moved quickly through the door towards Sherlock, gunshots echoing behind him.
Sherlock didn’t bother to respond as he exited the car and began to stride up the sidewalk. With a sigh and a roll of his eyes, John climbed out behind him. The door was unlocked, which surprised John. Maybe it shouldn’t have, he figured. The man who abducted him off of the streets to ask his intentions would certainly have the house under constant surveillance. The idea made his skin tingle slightly as he stepped through the door.  How far did that surveillance extend? Did it stop at the door or the common areas? Were the bedrooms under watch?
“Did you enjoy it?” Sherlock asked, head tipping to the side as he inspected the uncomfortable alpha. “The work, I mean.”
“Not in a police car.” Not surprising, Sherlock had spent too much time in the back of a police car to climb into one willingly. “I’ll be right behind.”
John's alpha instincts were having none of it. He had woken up on the day after his bonding and his mate was gone. ‘We should be together, establishing our bond.  Where is he?'  Checking each room he passed, John fought against the steadily rising panic as instinct warred against his rational mind.
“That sounds like a description from one of your torrid little novels. It’s obvious you have no first-hand experience here” Sherlock snapped. “But even then, some might call that smothering and possessive; a constant presence always at your back, breathing down your neck.”
John looked blankly at the screen as the words sunk in. "That utter bastard," John muttered aloud, fingers clenching around the phone in his hand.  Had Sherlock really run off on his own for a case when he should have been letting their bond settle? Why hadn't he woken John up?
John thought of the little beige room and the gun hidden safely in his desk. “Not too much really.” He admitted. “I guess you can say that civilian life doesn’t seem to suit me so far. With my injuries I can’t really go back to work as a surgeon. Nerve damage, my hands just aren’t steady enough now.”
“Ah, Yes. The bravery of a soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” John gave him a quelling look but refused to rise to the bait. John relished the small frown that appeared momentarily on the other man’s face before he continued. “I have a business opportunity for you.”
“Some might say that it’s for their own good.” Sherlock pointed out with careful neutrality. “An unbonded omega is believed to be particularly vulnerable, particularly during their heats.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but John held up a hand. “Please, let me finish. If I don’t say it now I might not say it at all.” At Sherlock’s reluctant nod, John looked away and began to speak again. “There was a connection there. I could feel it. Then we sat down in that damn restaurant, and I panicked. You said you didn’t want me, and you said that you did. I didn’t know what to say, and so I pushed you away. I’m sorry for that. I’m sorry that I ever let you walk out of there, because I pushed you away and you ended up alone in a warehouse with that sadistic bastard.” John stopped for a moment in an attempt to gather himself; squeezing his eyes shut as he thought of the crumpled body on the cold and dirty floor of that warehouse. “I laid there and I thought about the fact that I could have had a pack -a bondmate- but I said no, and now it was too late.”
Sherlock transcribed the numerals into their alphabetical equivalents and then analysed all possible meaningful elements. After a minute of staring at what he had produced, he frustratedly swiveled the paper in John’s direction:
“That's a bit melodramatic Mycroft, even for you,” Sherlock regarded him curiously for a moment before switching tack. “Moran. What sort of background checks do you do on your prospective agents before you recruit them?
John waited as Mycroft's dark grey-blue eyes went elsewhere, politely clearing his throat before ordering a pot of tea from an unusually reserved Mr. Chatterjee.
John groaned, running a hand along the back of his neck and winced. He knew he had still been awake at 6.30am when the night sky, past the heavy curtains, had begun to open up to the dawn, but sometime between then and ... (he checked the time on his phone) 8.09 am, he must have dozed off, only to be awoken now by a very disgruntled consulting detective.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=MF6SEyHrQxyUJx-iZHkcmw
Thirty seconds later, Lestrade appeared in the doorway of the church tower, eyebrows furrowed in concern. “John, you really shouldn't be here.”
Mycroft lifted his chin in consideration of the Latin adage as Sherlock turned his head towards John, his expression softening.
John was already there himself and quite intently trying to hold off giving himself a couple of very eager pulls just to tide himself over.
Now what? It wasn't going to stop. He wasn't going to stop. Moriarty had a plan. And it involved them both. And he doubted Mycroft would allow him close enough to put a bullet in the man's head, through his chest.
“No, not always, no,” Watson agreed, crossing the room to reposition the second chair next to Holmes’ at the fireside. Sinking into its its wide arms, stretching his legs, Watson too regarded the flames. “Men with faith died. Men without faith died. War doesn't discriminate, neither do bullets.”
Sherlock didn't say a word the rest of the way back to Dublin and he figured that if John had noticed, he didn't think it out of the ordinary
And to be bloody honest, John wasn't too far off being completely overwhelmed himself. So he drew on all he knew, all he had put into practice in the past when things had become a little too much; he slowed it down. For Sherlock and himself, he slowed it down. He focused on his own breathing and guided Sherlock to the edge of the bed, maneuvering them both until they were kneeling, back on their heels, in front of each other, the crimson bedspread rucking up between their knees.
!” the last word punctuated by a sudden cease in John’s movements and his furious blue eyes burning a hole into Sherlock’s.
Warm, wet tongue met warm, wet tongue as Sherlock returned the attention and his hands moved to John's face to mimic his hold.
John snatched his keys back off the plate. "Nope, but I'm going back to Barts now. If there's no footage of him leaving, then there's a chance he's still there."
Lestrade was many things; middle aged and slowing down around the edges (and somewhat in the middle as pointed out upon occasion by Sherlock), but there was one thing he definitely wasn't, and that was an idiot. And as a twenty-eight-year veteran of the Metropolitan Police the DI would know a man delighted to have an audience to play to when he saw one, but for the sake of whatever information could be gleaned, John was happy enough that he was willing to play along.
“We finally located the security footage from the main entrance of Barts. But it only shows one person coming and going, not two …"
“That’s the thing,” she mused, picking it up again and replacing it in her waistband a moment later. “The more pronounced curve of a woman’s spine in heels tends to hide it better. The disadvantage for men, I imagine then, is that you always need to hide yours under ill fitting clothing.”
“Well, we probably should change in Madrid as well unless we plan on going somewhere other than the south of Spain,” John smiled back, all teeth. “Don't look at me like that Sherlock, travel is an adventure, you just need to be flexible and adaptable.”
Sandrine regarded him for a moment before answering. “When one has customers, one always has problems. Wanting more than they pay for, faster than agreed. But nothing of note. We did have some issues initially when we took over the market from a number of other suppliers, but that was a while ago.”
Leaning back in the Chesterfield, his fingers steepled together, Mycroft posed his next question to Sherlock. “You've met Moriarty, how did he strike you?”
"Why is it here, and smashed?" John asked and then answered the officer's question: "Try 4-7-3-4". He then turned his attention to Lestrade.
“No, quite,” Sherlock mused, steering the conversation back towards the purpose of their visit. “So what is it exactly that you do here?”
He lay there for a while, feeling the weight of John's words and the importance of the declaration and whispered to himself.
Alt text: Twenty-One. J. Make the choice to give oneself up, to take the path to follow, the footsteps you know as well as your own. S. all that, not knowing, not being. Surrender; to this, to you, to us.
Additional tag for this chapter: description of a fox hunt heading out - no details of the hunt itself though.
“Consider this, Doctor Watson, if Sherlock truly wanted to be found by you, he would let you find him. And whatever happens in the meantime … I would caution you against doing anything foolish."
) ribs steadily rising and falling. The small wooden clock on the wall ticked by the minutes, hours and John waited. He’d done this before, taken the watch - albeit in slightly less comfortable surroundings but with no less measure of alertness and concern.
“Hateful John, just hateful," Sherlock pronounced as he breezed into their compartment, wrenching his gloves off dramatically as he set himself
Sweat had started to drip down John's forehead, between his eyes, and his thighs, stretched as they were from kneeling, were beginning to burn.
John had known Moriarty had taken it; he’d seen the CCTV footage of Moriarty’s exit from Barts, the Belstaff slung over his arm. He knew Moriarty had it. But it didn't just hang heavy, the image of this man waltzing into the room wearing it, it cut right to the heart of the matter, right through
Without the distraction of other people, the weight of it all was crushing, the disbelief and grief crowding in again, still so fresh and raw and disorienting.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Fifteen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J He knows And he lets it happen He knows and lets it be. an act of surrender, His cowardice.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Fingers folding in on themselves. Stealing breath, steeling his heart, he gives himself away.” An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
Sherlock was about to type a number of words that would definitely not make it past the autocorrect function on John's phone, when the front door knocker sounded.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to assume an air of condescension. “Let me assist you in that regard, brother dear. Around an hour ago he was to be found shooting pheasant in the grounds of Jim Moriarty's house in Galway.”
Watson considered telling Holmes’ of the lives of the men he had taken, of the lives of the men he had tried to save, of their words when they knew death was near and the fear in their eyes when they realised theirs would not be a swift end. Of the prayers he had heard muttered and the curses shouted aloud. Of those who had gone silently and those whose anger only left with their last breath. Watson turned his mind to the ones who held their faith to the end; loud, soft, scared, resigned, rich, poor, they had nothing in common save their trust in their gods. Watson wasn't a spiritual man but he appreciated the comfort that their beliefs provided them all as they faced their end.
have a bit of a rough night last night and I, for one, am grateful to have someone I trust, in a city full of people I definitely
“Why not go with him?" Sherlock suggested with a nod towards the DI. "You look like the fresh air would do you some good.”
) teacup, “he just happened to be a fellow patron of the Diogenes Club and I am told they developed an acquaintance over distinguished conversation and expensive whiskey.”
He paid particular attention to the rails on the frame and ran a bead of oil right down both sides. Putting the slide on, he locked it to the rear, flipped up the takedown lever and then moved the slide back and forth. Back and forth, the tawny oil spreading, moving freely within.
“Sherlock.” He hears his name being repeated over and over again, pulling him back from John’s body. “Sherlock, it’s alright, it’s just a dream. Can you wake up for me now?”
“No,” Frank shook his head. “I’ve been here since the facility opened ten years ago and he, who ever he is, or
Mycroft’s voice came back on the line. “It appears that he is on leave and we are unable to locate his precise location at this time.”
He'd managed to avoid them all, head tucked low under a flat cap, "no comment" muttered continuously under his breath. But just as he had pushed himself through, shoulder first, to the front steps of the court, he was nearly doubled over by the last question, the answer to which had been plaguing his every waking minute.
“So....” John looked back up at Sherlock, trying pointedly not to stare at the bare flesh of the detective's torso, “so why this? Why... what exactly are you trying to say to me?”
Oh, here it was again. Dammit, why did John always have to look so... so... brilliant! Sherlock wished he could find it in himself to be more annoyed, but he just couldn't. Not when John looked so at peace and happy. He hadn't seen John laugh so freely in a very long while. It was utterly breathtaking.
Things got better after John and Mary began dating. John left behind the overwhelming pain of loss. It still stung, but more like the distant pain of an old wound, less sharp, the edges dull and vague. He decided, after a few months, that he was going to propose. He visited Sherlock’s grave to break the news and come clean.
“You know I haven't. Nothing makes sense,” John's voice rose a bit as he answered, his distress evident.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Johns sobs picked up in intensity and he wiped at his eyes feeling filthy and sick and he was sobbing into Sherlock’s pillow until the sun’s rays shone in through the window.
“Excuse me, move aside,” a strangely familiar voice called as a slightly smaller being worked his way through the throng of dwarves surrounding Sherlock.
“At any rate, I felt a need to help them. A need to see them home. I feel for them, displaced and wandering, searching for a place to call home. Anyway, so here I am.” Bilbo gave John a quick smile, one that John couldn't quite return.
“Exactly. You put me to bed. So sweetly,” John murmured. He trailed his lips along Sherlock's jaw, making the detective gasp as his head fell to the side. “You were so selfless. So caring,” John's whispered words tickled Sherlock's skin, and he groaned as John sucked where his pulse fluttered beneath his ear.
“Secret meeting.” He looked at John, brows furrowing. “The dwarves are leaving.” It wasn't a question. Without another word, he turned on his heel and sped down the corridor, John hurrying to catch up.
“I thought blue was your favorite color?” Sherlock at John quizzically, then glanced back down. The sweater was green. What? He looked up again, then back down at the sweater. It was John's favorite color.
Hello again! This chapter is a bit short, but hopefully it will make you smile. Lord knows we could all use a little bit of humor right now.
Sherlock pressed his wrist to John's forehead. “No, you're not. You're sick,” Sherlock declared. “Come on. I'll take you back to the room.” He wrapped an arm around John's waist, surprised the doctor didn't object.
“Yes. I am,” John answered as he settled against Sherlock. He rolled his hips and Sherlock gasped, his eyes falling shut and hips shifting up toward the warmth of John's body.
