Tony gets to his bedroom and turns back to his friend. “I’ll go. You don’t have to stay to watch me out the door.”
“The important part is that Tony accepted me at face value.  Didn’t try to change me.  Didn’t care about my past.  Didn’t seem to mind that I’d
Tony stands from his seat and walks off the stage. None of his teammates turn to say goodbye. Howard is on the end, his face blank but his posture angry. Tony doesn’t care.
Tony’s eyes are glued to his phone screen as JARVIS feeds him the data.  It’s all there.  Everything they need to implicate Hammer and Stane in a web of wrongdoing. It’s as damning an info dump as he’s ever seen, and he has seen some bad shit in his day.
“We want in on the YouTube channel,” Clint declares one afternoon, halfway through dessert. “I’ve got a shit ton of ideas.”
“She mentioned the arc reactor,” Pepper says, leaning up on her toes so Steve will hear her over the noise.  “This is the first time I’ve seen him out of his garage since that morning.”
“That sounds painful,” Bruce says, which is the first thing that comes to mind. He hasn’t spoken out loud much lately either so he’s not exactly at top form. He has never been at top form, really, now that he thinks about it. “Is there a specific reason you came to find me?”
“That’d be amazing,” Steve says. “My dad-- he passed when I was a kid. My coaches were everything to me when I was in junior high. And you’d be so good at it.”
James makes a wild rush for the stranger and the stranger shoots him twice.  The tranqs are clearly effective because when James drops to the ground, there’s no doubt he’ll stay there. Bruce can see he’s out.
“James, this is Clint Barton. Clint, this is James,” Bruce introduces for lack of anything more enlightening to say.
, you know? I wasn’t making assassination plans if you weren’t behaving yourself, I swear. You could have fucked up whole villages. It wasn’t my business.”
There’s more shuffling and it’s Steve on the line again. Bruce wonders about the code Natasha and Clint have just sent back and forth, but it doesn't appear to worry James, so Bruce isn't worried either.
It turns out Hangover Soup is a real, working, magical thing, and Tony wants to buy a factory and start mass producing it. When he’s finished with his bowl, he feels a whole lot better.
He’s Captain America.  Isn’t that what Captain America’s supposed to say?  ‘Hey kids.  Don’t be wasteful.  Stay in school.  Check to make sure your friend is really dead if they fall to the bottom of a canyon.’  Helpful shit like that.
He takes the chair in the corner and uses his Starkpad to scroll through James’s medical charts.  He feels like he’s missing something now, like he missed something before. He’s not going to fail James again.
“I’ll do you one better and give you the whole night.  If we aren’t heading out any time soon I’ve got some business of my own to take care of,” Natasha says.  “You good here, Steve?”
“With a new twist,” Bruce says. “I’m not upset you didn’t tell me; that’s your business. I wish you had though because I’m worried.  And I feel guilty that I wasn’t there for you. Really, guilty. You know me. I overthink things and then when it’s really important to get something right I get it wrong. And who knows-- maybe I’m destined to always make life worse.  That’s-- that’s what I’m calling about, actually--”
He opens the first by laying his hand against a blue lit square, a security measure Tony occasionally uses in the lab.
Tony’s not used to people taking care of him. At least not people who aren’t employed for that specific purpose. Tony complies, mostly out of confusion. Either Natasha is very convincing, or his headache is very bad. He’ll figure that out later.
“I’m not sure how much help I’d have been,” Bruce admits.  “I have good intentions but my implementation could use some work.”
“More security means people get hurt,” Tony says, cutting Steve off.  “It’s unintentional, but it happens.”
Steve nods. He’s not surprised. He’s known for years that the bond Tony and Bruce share is special. Not romantic love, but just as real and every bit as important.
“Give me some credit.  I do know what I’m getting into here.  And for your information, my crush on Neil Degrasse Tyson is real and valid,” Steve says.  “I’ve been to Hayden Planetarium more times than I can count.  He narrates the--”
Natasha takes the next right.  “I thought you might want to be in the neighborhood.  We’re three minutes out.”
So he finds the bedroom where Sam has deposited his stuff, scarfs down a Starkbar, grabs a quick shower then flops face first into bed.
Life goes on. Sober and happy, Tony develops new inventions at a rate unmatched by any of his peers. Unmatched even by Howard’s successes at the height of his career.
Clint’s slightly disparaging description of their process gets the reaction Clint wants since James relaxes.
“Not until the morning,” Natasha says.  “He said he needed a night in his own bed and that you’d understand.”
“I stopped by to see a friend,” Steve says. “A friend I knew I wanted more with. Just didn’t want to make assumptions.”
Steve shakes his head.  “I have not,” he says.  “I saw a link, but I don’t believe just because you’re a celebrity you don’t have a right to privacy.”
Rumlow looks like he’s going to fight back, but Natasha steps up to Clint’s left, with her arms crossed like she means business. You’d have to be a straight up idiot to take them both on at once.  Brock looks to Steve for assistance, and Steve just glares.  Brock thinks better of his clenched fists and jogs away to catch up to the rest of his team, mumbling slurs under his breath.  He’s pissed, and he can stay pissed.  Steve’s not going after him to play nice
“If he was stealing office supplies, you’d be down there helping him load them into his car, not up here, alone, sulking.”
The woman who opens the door isn’t at all what Tony’s expecting.  It’d been easy to picture the woman who’d raised Bucky Barnes as someone formidable.  This woman is barely 5 foot tall.  Her white curls are pulled back into a soft bun, and the look of pure joy on her face at the sight of Bucky, Steve and Clint catches Tony by surprise.
Tony steps back up next to him and Steve realizes the few shop employees and all the other customers have all disappeared.  Tony’s taken care of it like he’s taken care of so many things lately.  His presence is steadying in a way Steve’s never noticed before.  Like just having him close is making it easier to think.
“Great Depression Chic is due for a comeback,” Tony says, looking quietly pleased. He’d calmed down as soon as Steve had said he’d move in. “And I don’t care about the stuff. I’ll take it all. We can turn the living room into a flea market if that’s what would make you comfortable. As long as you’re there, I’m good. You living there; that’s what I want.”
When Pepper’s coffee break is over she thanks Steve for his time.  She only looks mildly embarrassed when Tony appears across the lobby, proving her earlier story a lie.
“Hydra made me special clothes.  My metal arm is bigger than my skin arm, so all these shirts either feel tight around the metal, or too loose around the skin.  There’s no in between.”
As much as he isn’t sure how he feels about James Barnes he absolutely does not want the man dead. Not after everything he’s suffered already.  The universe can
“Seems stupid for only one of us to show off that we’re taken,” Tony says.  “I want the world to know I’m yours.”
Of when he was sick with asthma and allergies and who knows what else.  Only back then, these dark moods were aimed at Bucky and Bucky never felt like he needed to take Steve’s shit.  Not like Tony does.  Tony takes it and takes it and takes it, like somehow he thinks he deserves to be Steve’s emotional punching bag.  Like suffering is penance.
The group only make it through three trays of fries throughout the night, but that’s because the shots and the beer are endless. Infinite. Especially for Steve and Tony since they’re the ones everyone is celebrating. By last call, Tony is sloppy, floppy drunk. Steve’s not faring much better as they follow their friends through the door and pour out onto the sidewalk. The whole lot of them are laughing and stumbling and leaning on each other for support.
They’ve discussed this in therapy. Steve needs to be his own person. Tony needs to be his own person. And Rhodey and Pepper are trusted friend who will keep an eye on what Tony drinks. As if reading their minds, Rhodey appears across the room and waves.
Never mind that it took him almost two months from when he’d first thought he ought to contact Stark to get here.  Tony doesn't know that.
“Get Steve on the comm,” Bruce says. “He might have some thoughts. I probably should have connected with him already to let him know how James came through surgery.”
“Tony does,” Clint says confidently, as he and Bucky join them at the rear of the van and they all begin to unload.
“Neural activity looks good,” Bruce says. “Heart rate, blood pressure, and oxygen saturation are all within range. At this point he’s probably doing better than you are.”
Once he gets his way, Bucky turns off his flirty charm as quickly as he turned it on. The smile that's left behind on Bucky's face is entirely sincere.
Bucky’s recovery takes half the summer. He’s met Tony a dozen times, but always because Tony’s come to his and Steve’s place. Usually with food (which makes Tony a decent catch in Bucky’s opinion). Today, the whole crew is going to Tony’s rink to play hockey. It’ll be Bucky’s first time back on the ice.
“No,” Steve says emphatically.  “If I had issues with his performance on the team I’d talk to him.  In person.  Alone.”
It’s too much. And part of him doesn’t want Steve within a hundred miles of the tower and the other part wants him there right now. Rationality is a blur because Tony just found out who murdered his parents so everyone’s gonna need to give him a little bit of grace on this one. Especially Steve. Steve who launches himself out of the elevator before the doors finish opening and skids to a stop in front of Tony on the slippery floor.
“I don’t have to give you the keys,” Tony points out.  “I’m trying to talk about this like an adult.”
in with the team,” Clint says, plating up some extra crispy... ham? Turkey? Bruce isn’t sure. He also isn’t picky, so he has no room to complain either. “Figured protein would go further for breakfast,” Clint explains. “It’s a 4 hour hike to our new place, unless we want to steal a car.”
“Me, too,” Bruce agrees. “James, I hope you’ll choose to stay, but if you need to go, we won’t stop you and we won’t track you.”
Tony can hear him walking slowly up the stairs. He resists the urge to throw anything in Rhodey’s general direction.
Tony leans in for another kiss.  When he pulls back he looks at Steve seriously  “Let me take you out to dinner,” he says.
Bruce groans. “I vote we don't make any decisions regarding an unqualified doctor until everyone is off their pain meds."
“You’ve seen me exactly three times in the last three months. At the gala when I yelled at you. During the whole California mess when I yelled at you,” Tony says. “And today. Where there’s no guarantee I’m not going to yell at you. I’m a weird thing for you to miss.”
He stands, and this time carries his duffel bag back to the center of the barn. He pulls out a gray hooded sweatshirt and holds it up.
“That was nearly a year ago,” Tony says, drawing back so he can look Steve properly in the eyes.  “Why didn’t you say something?”
“When’s the last time you changed your sheets?” Sam asks. He’s leaning against a lamppost for support.
“I can’t picture you on a trike, but yeah--,” Clint says. “I think it’s a pretty safe bet that waking you up before you’re ready would be hazardous to my health.”
When it’s nearing noon, it’s time for them to go. Rhodey has work and Pepper’s got a meeting. Steve hates to see them leave.
Steve practically chokes at the mention of that god-awful song.  “Please tell me that’s not your private elevator music.”
“There’s an exhibit of my things at the Smithsonian,” Steve says gently.  “They’re on loan from Stark Industries and I’d like them back.”
Bucky follows after Clint, which leaves a spot for Tony in a chair on the end, squeezed between Bucky and Steve.
“Right before JARVIS asked you to bring me food,” Tony confirms.  “Thanks-- really, for breakfast.  And for shutting things down last night.  Did you get any rest?”
It’s Bucky’s first time with the new glove Tony had designed for him. It turns out Tony’s been designing shit for years that no one ever knew about. And now that he’s out of the game, it’s a full-time gig, or it would be a full-time gig if he hadn’t been absolutely serious about coaching his niece.
It’s weird calling him Stark, Steve thinks.  In his mind, he’s always Tony now.  And since he’s given Tony an embarrassing amount of thought lately, the given name sticks.
“Duty calls,” Tony says.  He looks a little dazed.  Like he’d lost himself entirely in the lesson and only now realizes how long Steve had let it go on.
He waits a few seconds, for Dum-E to press the button, and when he sees the red light flicker on, he begins.
It takes Bruce a while to get to sleep. He’s so worried James will have nightmares, he can’t stop trying to listen for them. Eventually Bruce drifts off and when he wakes up it’s dawn. As far as he knows, James slept noiselessly. Unless he didn’t sleep at all. Or he’s gone. Or he’s dead. Or gone and he murdered Clint in the process. Or they killed each other and their bodies are out glistening with dew in the morning sun.
No.  All anyone in the media (or at SHIELD for that matter) seems to care about is what happens in Tony’s bed, or anywhere bed-adjacent.
“But I need something from you,” Steve continues, looking toward Bucky. “A signed puck for his goddaughter. I guess she’s your biggest fan.”
It’s a week after that that Steve finds himself in Stark Tower, this time via a quinjet and a promise of any favor that strikes Clint’s fancy for being the short-notice pilot.  Tony’s text had been brief and alarming.
The three of them and JARVIS work seamlessly together, and Steve knows he’s only in the way.  He’s got no more to contribute here than he’s got to give to Bruce and Nat and Sam.
“That’s some real science right there,” Clint agrees. “I am always up for a game of “What Shit Can We Scan?”
When the SAD department personnel all get raises, it doesn’t feel like some sort of creepy pay-off for getting Steve in bed.
Tony’s voice sounds tense. Steve isn’t having this conversation while Tony is under a car. He reaches for Tony’s ankle and slowly (carefully) wheels him out from under the vehicle.
“Plus Bucky Bears were a thing,” Bruce adds. His voice is about a hundred times less burdened now that he sees James in the flesh. Especially since James looks like he’s made about a week’s worth of recovery in the 8 hours he slept. “You might have seen them actually, if you were doing research.”
Even Tony, who’s never been big on carrying traditional weapons, is holding a paintball assault rifle that would send whole armies running.  He’s got a paintball gauntlet, too, attached to his hand.  And that’s before he pulls out a series of large gun parts that he has to assemble on the spot.
“Wait till we get to New York,” Clint says. “Cause now I’ve got something to put money on with Stark. Who’s the better braider, you or Nat?”
The seizing stops and James lies motionless in the grass except for the harsh rise and fall of his chest. Bruce waves the scanner over him starting with his head and moving it lower, forcing himself not to rush this despite the urgency. A blurry picture isn’t any more help than no picture at all. What the hologram starts to fill in as Bruce works is a nightmare.
He lets go of Steve’s hand but doesn’t move out of his space.  Steve lets out a slow breath.  He doesn’t say anything else and he sticks close to Tony as they walk back inside.
“Then send Katie with me.  She’ll be my trainee.  We’re a lot less suspicious than the four of you.”
“If you’ll unwrap yourself out of that blanket burrito you can find out for yourself.”  Steve looks down at the bagel in his hand and keeps his eyes there as he continues.  “I was thinking of heading over to Brooklyn.  Jarvis suggested taking some pictures of some of the places me and Bucky used to go.  I know-- I know not to get my hopes up.  I understand it might not help.”
“A circuit board if you’ve got an extra one,” Bruce adds, eyeing their haul.  “And as much gunpowder as you can spare.”
Steve takes a step back and Tony grabs his wrist and pulls him forward.  Without the Iron Man suit, Tony can’t budge him, but Steve’s in enough of a daze he steps closer anyway.  The last thing he expects in the entire world is a hug from Tony.  A real, consoling, heartfelt hug that lasts at least 10 or 15 seconds before Tony lets him go.
“I have not observed any indication that he has.  You should know, Colonel Rhodes is here and he and Ms. Potts have taken turns staying for the last three days.  The colonel intends to leave now that you’ve returned, but he would like you to call him later this evening, when you have a moment.”
They both end up reinstated within the week. They don’t see each other again, but they text. Text every day. Enough that both Bucky and Clint notice right away, and the rest of the team notices by Steve’s third game back. Their third win in a row, after a cold streak while Steve was out. That’s all it takes for the tide of public opinion to turn. He’s back to being Brooklyn’s sweetheart.
Steve only gets a minute alone with Tony, right at the end. Pepper and Rhodey have said their goodbyes, and Bruce hugs Tony then tells Steve he’ll wait for him in the car.
“I watched my dad prioritize work over his family and friends way too often.  Come on.  I’m done letting history repeat itself, aren’t you?  So what do you say: Burgers?  Fries?  Seriously, you’re giving me a complex with the not talking thing,” Tony says, making a sort of wild gesture at Steve’s face.  “Talk.”
“Nat, think you could take us on a detour to HammerTech?  I think it’s time we pay our friends a visit.  And JARVIS, get Rhodey on the line.  I know he’s going to want to see this.”
“Tony, please. I’m begging you. Don’t run away. Come with me to check on Clint and Natasha. Please don’t leave me to deal with this on my own.”
It’s Clint who finds him up on the roof, sitting with his back against the landing pad’s dropped edge, hidden from view.
Tony grabs a plain bagel and a little plastic container of plain cream cheese.  Steve pulls several bagels from the pile closer to himself.
“Will you please fucking stop?” Tony snaps.  “I don’t hate you.  What you did to my parents... I’ve read the HYDRA files. That wasn’t a choice you made.”
“I’m not talking to him,” Steve says. That much he can say with certainty. “He’s not supposed to use the phone.”
“The Smithsonian.  There’s an exhibit.”  Steve pauses, and makes the mistake of nervously taking a drink of the smoothie, since it’s right there in his hands, and it sends him into a coughing fit.
Tony doesn’t know what to make of that and he looks away.  The silence is awkward and he doesn’t know how to make it better.  He feels a hand on his arm and when he turns back, Nanna’s taken a step closer.
Clint invites Steve out for burgers and milkshakes the next day.  Natasha joins them, which is a nice surprise.  It had been hard to get a read on her when they’d first met, but lately she’s been welcome company.
The drive back to the tower is a quiet one.  Steve knows that if Tony wants to talk, he’ll talk.  They hold hands for most of the trip, and when the traffic picks up and Steve needs both hands on the wheel, Tony rest his fingers on Steve’s thigh.  It’s nice.
Tony stares at him for a few long seconds, like he’s looking for something specific.  Whether or not he finds it there, Steve doesn’t know.
“Prototypes,” Tony says.  He points to the horizon, where sure enough, a gray cloud of swirling metal is flying fast in their direction.
love if it isn’t an overriding (sometimes idiotic) concern for the wellbeing of someone other than yourself?
They really are in the boondocks.  Possibly twenty miles past them.  Tony owns some property out here and it seemed like a good idea to take this project out of the city to upstate New York.
what I need, or we could break into a medical center after hours.  It’s not fair involving you any further.”
Steve feels like he can breathe for the first time in days.  “Thank you, Jarvis.  I really appreciate your help.”
Steve spends the drive to the hotel wondering how many delivery boxes are going to be waiting for him in his room.  The answer is none.
“I don’t know who you’re talking about,” Tony lies badly.  “You’ll have to be more specific.  I like a lot of people.”
“I’ve got a guess,” Steve says. “If it’s where I think they’re going to take us, you couldn’t be more safe.”
Tony places a mug in front of Steve. “I’ve got a car coming for you in half an hour. I’d have taken you home myself but I’ve got company coming.”
“I washed them all last week,” Steve admits.  “I was having trouble sleeping.  Jarvis walked me through what you ask the professional cleaners to do.”
Monday is never a good day to try and take off, so it’s Tuesday before Steve can get out of town.  He’s made his appointment with SI and rented a truck from a place near the airport.  He arrives at the remote warehouse a few minutes early, and is a little concerned when there’s not a single car in the lot.  There’s no guardhouse either, so as Steve walks to the front door he’s not entirely sure it’s open.
more emotionally compromised than when it comes to Rhodey or Pepper.  Where I think I’d be screwed-- and where so far you’re not doing any better-- is that getting yourself shot is not going to bring him back.”
No one mentions that Thor has decorated his egg in green and gold and it’s a miniature Loki.  They aren’t sure he knows.  So it’s a relief when Steve hears him call it “Yolki” a few hours later.  And despite Thor’s tendency to move around the penthouse like a bull in a China shop, he’s careful with his egg.
That earns Clint a dirty look.  “You're gonna get smart with me while I'm sittin' at a table full of weapons that could end you?”
“It doesn’t belong to Stark Industries,” Clint adds quickly, mumbling through a mouth full of fig-flavored cookie.
Steve’s having a good time for the first time since he left Tony upstate. Clint doesn’t take it easy on him, and Steve’s not a terrible shot. By the time they’re finished, they’re both out of breath.
“I noticed that, yeah,” Clint says. “And if I thought you were there to hurt Bruce, I'd have taken the shot. But I don't want to hurt you. I wasn’t out trying to rescue you, either. That’s Steve’s deal. Which-- look, I get you don’t want him to know where you are, but he’s out busting his ass looking for you and dragging along my best friend in the process. And since Cap’s scared you’ve been captured by HYDRA he’s landed them in some dangerous places.  Got himself shot the other day.”
Bruce takes a few steps back to give James plenty of space to do the scan of his knee. The floating picture above the baton begins to fill in, and when James hovers the scanner over his injury, Bruce gets his first look at the damage. He’s seen enough of Steve’s second-hand charts to know exactly what he’s looking at.
Nick Fury arrives shortly after, and Steve and Tony get sent home.  Bruce and Nick can handle it from there.
“Would not have guessed of anyone on the team, we’d be pinning our hopes on them,” Steve says.  “Not that-- I mean-- Bruce and Clint are great.”
“If something feels off, we won’t be annoyed if you need us to stop,” Bruce tells James as he lifts his backpack. “Just say the word.”
“Geez, Clint.  Give them a minute to pull up their pants,” Bucky says, pushing past his boyfriend to step out onto the patio.  “Thought we’d check on you two.  Everything good out here?”
“Google me,” Tony quips.  “Try an image search, safesearch off.  I’m young, but legal, in the pictures.  You can see for yourself how much I enjoy it.”
On screen, Steve stands and gently picks Tony up to shift him down the couch.  He grabs the pillow.  Goes for the terrible, itchy, blanket  (that one of the designers had picked out and Tony hadn’t gotten around to throwing away yet) and stops himself.  JARVIS offers to lead Steve to better blankets.
“Because he was hot and you’re sick of dealing with the perpetually damaged?” Tony guesses. “See? I didn’t need to ask. Got in on my first try.”
Steve’s never actually tried an Egg McMuffin.  The face he makes after he takes his first bite of the gummy English muffin and the limp egg and the flavorless, chewy ham (is this ham?), says everything about his thoughts regarding McDonalds' sad attempt at breakfast.
He’s defeated. He’d just played one of the best games of his life and he can’t enjoy the victory. Which is why he, Sam, Clint and Bucky are all piled onto his hotel bed, which is filled with every snack Bucky and Clint could snag from the vending machine down the hall.
It turns out, for about an hour and half, they do a bit of both. Mostly because Steve confesses that apart from driving a zamboni he’s always wanted to try and skate being pulled along behind one. So that’s a thing that happens. Steve even manages to do it without breaking his neck in the process. He does fall once, but since he’s put on a few of Tony’s extra practice pads it’s actually a whole lot gentler than falls that happen in a game.
“Sirs,” JARVIS interrupts, within a few seconds of when the scan ends. “I have information on James’s brain scan I believe you will want to see immediately. I can forward it to the screens here, but the most accurate representation would be in 3D. If you are willing to step outside, the Quinjet’s holo-field would prove most informative.”
“Oh, well you spotted him this morning right?” Bucky asks, pulling out his phone and thumbing to the exact same picture Clint had shown him a minute ago.  He flashes it toward Tony.  “He was here.”
Steve can’t mention Tony’s name without Bruce’s eyes going hazel or Clint disappearing off to the range for hours at a time.  Natasha flies to South America and only promises she’ll check in once a week.  Pepper says she needs to focus on keeping SI afloat despite Tony’s best efforts to sink the company, and Rhodey buries himself in his military work.
“I feel like I should be bothered that I’ve got no clue if you’re late night shopping in the nearest beauty supply or knocking over a corner store, but honestly, I’m too tired to care.”
“I have done so already.  I believe he is most impatient to speak with you.  He is requesting that you make no stops along the way and also that you don’t listen to the radio until he can explain.”
The rest of the night passes far too quickly.  Tony and Steve are maybe flirting but it's so far removed from Tony's usual experience he's not 100% sure that's what's happening.  It's nice though, whatever it is.
Finally he recognizes someone Tony thinks he can trust-- a guy that Obie had tried to fire for playing paintball in the parking lot with some friends after hours.  The man is sitting at his desk, nursing a Stark Industries mug of coffee with his eyes closed.
Tony stops short and turns to look Steve in the eyes.  “James Buchanan Barnes did not live 70 extra years of hell on this planet to die in the back of one of my quinjets, or in whatever circus tent of a backyard Barton’s got hidden up in the middle of Nowheresville, New York.  It’s not going down like that. It’s just not. I won’t let it, and neither will you. So we’ve got this.  Right?”
“We renamed it after all those things Stark said about you boys,” Mae consoles. “It’s just a C3 for now. Coffee, Cookies and Cream. It can’t hurt you.”
His head still aches, and movement seems like a lot of effort. Natasha looks ready to teach a Pilates class.
Bruce has never heard that story before and he smiles to himself. Mostly at the image of Clint trying to wrestle down a bald eagle.
Steve nods.  “You’re right.  It is a good superhero name.  A good song, too.  How about you let me get you both to your town cars and after you’ve given it some more thought you can call me in the morning.  We’ll talk.”
Steve waits until Tony looks up, and then places the paper on the floor and moves to sign.  He pauses and looks up at the ceiling.
Tony trails off. So many people don’t know this. And usually if they find out it’s after a whole stack of paperwork. But he trusts Steve. Trusts him implicitly.
Steve isn’t sure what to say. There’s definitely an awkward few seconds before Clint takes the lead.
Tony shakes his head.  “Fine.  Pep was the exception.  We all know how well that worked out for her.  Even when I tried to contribute, it was all wrong.”
“Exactly. Could have, but didn’t,” Clint agrees. “I left myself wide open, you were out of your head, you had multiple weapons, and I am
“Tony thinks you are,” Kate replies.  “And I don’t disagree.  Please?  It’ll make everyone feel better.  I’ll show you my place.  You can meet Darcy.”
“Because you’re supposed to be inside, eating the damn fries.  Five platters, guys," Clint complains.  "It’s like you’re not even trying.”
“You didn’t want to give him another chance?” Steve asks.  He’s surprised considering how much she obviously cares.
“Unless you would rather I do it, I think you could do all the scanning of your legs yourself,” Bruce suggests. “Or you can try the whole scan on your own and I can check the picture and if there’s something we can’t see clearly we’ll figure it out.”
If Natasha notices the gentle shoulder squeeze Steve gives Tony as he walks away, she has the good grace not to mention it.
“I went lookin’ for you because I wanted to know if the error was with him or with me.  Was I broken, or was he so goddamned reckless with his own safety he didn’t know when to quit.  That’s the answer I was looking for, and it’s why I’ve been trying so hard to keep him away. He’ll just keep trying to die for me. He won’t quit.”
Tony chuckles at the enthusiastic introduction and the last of his stress gives way.  Clint hadn’t pointed when he’d said the names, so Tony’s still not sure who is who, but they look friendly enough.
Steve smiles at a memory.  The time Bucky’d torn out an article about Captain America from a newspaper and then read it out loud to the whole pub later that night, with a ton of colorful commentary inserted in between the facts.  Just rant after rant about Steve throwin’ himself on grenades and jumping without parachutes and generally being a dopey, shit-for-brains menace.  When Bucky’d really got going, the Howling Commandos had never laughed so hard.  Morita had fallen out of his chair.  Dum Dum had nearly pissed his pants.
It doesn’t matter.  Tony can hide it.  His coat covers all evidence of his discomfort and his voice miraculously doesn’t weirdly pitch as they step into the elevator and Tony instructs Jarvis to take them up to his office.
“Fine,” Tony agrees. “But since you took care of coffee I’m paying for all our drinks tonight. No arguments.”
“Someone would probably pay you a lot of money for this interview, Steve,” Clint says seriously. “Like a million dollars. I’m not exaggerating. Back me up here, Tash.”
Steve knows Tony’s being sarcastic and rhetorical, but you know what?  He’s got an answer for this.  A memory that comes to mind more often than Steve would like, when he remembers his mother.
“Most humans are born with a capacity for emotions and feelings. There are definitely exceptions, but typically, a child is born and that child has emotions keyed in and ready to go,” Bruce begins. “That’s the... the typical state... of neurocircuitry. Umm.. the control mechanism that regulates thoughts.”
Bruce really isn’t sure where else this will go and the staring contest going on between them only seems to agitate things. Bruce reaches slowly for his backpack and pulls a StarkBar out of a side pouch. StarkBars aren’t technically a thing yet, so much as a side project that Bruce had been working on before he left. On the run they’d been a lifesaver. When Bruce gets back, he and Tony are going to revolutionize food aid.
And that makes Steve’s breath hitch.  Aunt Peggy.  Of course.  Three years into his friendship with Tony, and somehow this is the first time she’s ever come up.  Steve can’t hide the flash of pain he feels at her name.
Steve feels more than a little glad himself.  If all he can do to help their cause is keep an eye on Tony-- well, there are worse ways to spend a day.  Like alone.
“I’m guessing the answer he’s looking for isn’t ‘uncomfortable’,” Tony says carefully.  “If it hurts like a bitch, then tell him that.”
“He was charming,” he begins hesitantly.  “Lively.  A chatterbox is what my ma used to call him.  And he was good.  Just a good person.  He had this way of looking at the world-- like he didn’t see it for what it was, but like he could see it for what it was going to be.  Like he could see
“I should have gone to you and told you what I’d overheard,” Steve says. “It wasn’t fair of me to go behind your back, even for a good reason.”
“Thank fuck you went to Steve’s last night,” Bucky says over the speaker of the burner phone. “We’ve got security alerts set up on your name and someone put out a hit on you around 1 AM.”
“That was all on me,” Tony says.  “I take some getting used to.  My point is, first impressions-- or second impressions-- aren’t the most reliable way to gauge how something’s going to go.  Give him another chance.  And another.  And maybe like a dozen more, and whether he’s the old Barnes or not-- you might like the guy.  Bruce doesn’t have a lot of friends, you know that right?  But he likes James.  That says something.”
If you're someone who has commented or kudos'd, you're the reason this fic has grown so much bigger! You keep giving me ideas for things to add. It's like non-stop motivation!
“Because we’re both supposed to feel safe here? I should have asked you if Clint was going to make you feel uncomfortable. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
“Tony-- I think I’m good on what I need but keep the line open in case I run into any trouble with this IV? I can see you’ve made some adjustments since the last time I hooked anyone up.”
Steve doesn’t believe either of them are serious about dating Tony, which is why he can laugh.  Bawdy talk was a big part of life during the war.  It feels familiar.  Comforting.  Fun.  It has been
Tony shakes his head.  “Doesn’t feel like I did much really.  For the most part I was just along for the ride.”
Unhurriedly, Clint reaches out the glass to James.  James takes it and drinks a few sips.  Clint crouches down, so that even though James is looking toward the floor, he can see him in his view.
When Stevewas outed in the press, his own team had been great. Supportive. Protective. Most of them had already known, so it wasn’t a surprise.
“Bruce needs my help scanning James,” Tony says simply, pocketing his phone.  “He thinks there might be an engineering problem with the arm.”
Pepper looks a little surprised by that.  “He’s had a bad week.  People think those interviews don’t get to him...
“It’s not trouble,” Natasha says, without turning around. “If you’re going to date Steve we’re part of the package.”
There are just so many expectations; it’s exhausting trying to live up to his own reputation.  He spends the rest of the afternoon contemplating ways he can bail without looking like a jerk.  He writes out the “Sorry-- something came up” text a few dozen different ways, but never sends it.  He wants this evening out,  he really does.  And he’s not sure if he blows Clint off that he’ll get another chance.
Here Steve’s voice breaks a little.  “I served time so they wouldn’t have to. By the time I got back, they’d all moved in with each other and already had jobs at Stark Industries.  Clint knew someone in the HR Department who hooked them up.  Overlooked some forged credentials.  That’s where they met Sam and Kate.  And when I got back they were willing to overlook my prison record, too.  There are rules about it SI.  You don’t hire criminals.”
“On self-discovery?  No.  No, I think it’d be good for you.  Even outside all the incredible fantasies I can cook up.  You should do this.  Look into art school.  Or work with one of my foundations.  Start your own foundation.  Find what makes you happy.”
Rhodey begging for help that’s never gonna come.  Tony had Yinsen.  Tony didn’t face his fate alone.
“Occasionally,” Clint says. “But no. I learned way before SHIELD. Hair and makeup is probably the most marketable circus skill on my resume, after The World’s Greatest Marksman.”
“Oh, you mean you took your eyes off Prince Charming long enough to miss me?” Tony asks, with false cheerfulness. “I didn’t expect you back until after breakfast.”
“I'm not the one with the crush on him,” Clint says.  “If he snaps, I won’t take it personal.  It’ll probably blow my shot at a lifetime of free cable, but it’s a chance I’m willing to take.”
Tony has only been to the diner once, that day after their trip to the Children’s Hospital, and that day they’d only had milkshakes. This date is for food, and Tony seems surprisingly torn over all his options.
Only this time, the sound doesn’t come from the table.  It comes from the kitchen.  All eyes turn in that direction, where Bucky stands next to a frying pan not looking the least bit sorry.  His hair is pulled back in a messy bun, and a few strands have come loose and hang in front of his eyes.   If anyone thinks he looks a little silly in his My Heart Belongs to Hawkeye shirt, no one’s going to say.
.  But all of that leaves me with one big question and I’m not going to get an answer if you walk away.”
Steve appears to have run out of words, too. He stands eerily still and stares out the window at the lights of New York. Or maybe he’s staring through them. Whatever it is he’s doing, it looks like it’s got more to do with the dead than the living. And that right there-- that’s what helps Tony understand what he’s looking at.
Being this close to Tony’s body is making him incoherent.  Steve is feverish with need.  He moves to straddle Tony’s thighs, so he has a better angle to give him his attention.
He follows James further into the house and discovers it really is perfectly suited to their needs.  It’s one story, fully furnished, and in addition to the living room and kitchen, it has two bedrooms and one large bathroom.  There’s a modern minimalist decorating scheme consistent throughout, with lots of light colors set against dark wood that Bruce finds calming. It also has very few windows. If you want to take in the view you’d need to go outside to sit on the large, wrap-around deck, and that’s not a problem since it will give Bruce or James some breathing space if either of them start to feel confined.  Clint too, if he decides not to run.
“Mingle,” Tony demands. He gives Steve a playful push and then heads across the room to his best friends.
“That makes it sound like no one knew.  There were people who did. Peggy for one. The Howling Commandos. Your dad.”
When Tate and I wrote The Company You Keep I was new to the Marvel universe and she was a Bucky/Steve shipper so that's the direction we went.  Now she's moved on to other fandoms and with her enthusiastic permission, I'm
He watches the buildings go past.  Considers Tony’s words.  Waits for Tony to speak and fill in the quiet but Tony doesn’t.  Just weaves through traffic when he can, and sits patiently at the lights when he can’t.
Tony flies his Iron Man suit to Malibu the next day.  He doesn’t own a house there anymore so he rents a big, fancy one right on the beach.  Steve learns this from a SHIELD report.  A week later Tony throws a wild enough party to get kicked out of that house and he rents another one, this time up on the same hill where he’d once lived.  Steve learns this from Pepper.  A few days later there’s a house fire during yet another party so Tony buys himself a new place outright.  Like he plans to stay in California permanently.  Steve learns this because it is plastered across the front of The Daily Bugle.
He heads down to his lab and changes into something more suitable for laying on the floor.  He’s got an FTL Platform that needs rigging from the underside and Tony’s brain finally lets him relax once he’s elbow deep in electronics and plasma coils and grease.
“The last time Sir displayed similar behaviors, his expected death was imminent.  Is he dying again?”
Steve looks down at his hands.  He can hear that fight replaying in his head like it’s on the radio.  He’s memorized every word.
"And here I thought it was because Tony’s always sneaking in pointy things to poke you with on stage," Steve comments.
Tony nods.  They both climb out and Steve pops open the trunk to retrieve Tony’s duffel bag, shouldering it easily.  There’s a desk, with an older woman behind it.  She has the eyes of someone who has seen it all and she smiles at them in greeting.
“I’m sorry for everything you’re going to read about yourself in the paper tomorrow,” Tony says.  He sounds nervous.  “Maybe I should go out there alone.  Lead them away.”
“You’re my first,” Steve concedes.  There’s so much innuendo floating around at this point, Steve isn’t even sure which conversation they’re having.
“You gonna ask permission to breathe in my presence, too?” James asks. “Cause it’s gonna be a real pain in the ass when I say no.”
“I know you don’t like being handed things,” Steve counters.  “Which is why I’m not handing you this.  I’m holding it out for you, so you can see and then explain.”
“Oh. Then I guess I figured it out before you two did. No big deal. I’m clearly a relationship savant. I mean, look at my boyfriend. I did good.”
“You name drop him constantly,” Pepper laughs.  “It’s been Steve this and Steve that all week.  You didn’t think I’d notice?”
“I will,” Bruce says. “We all plan to keep each other alive, for as long as we’re traveling together. Try not to worry.”
“I might stay,” the soldier says, stepping over a few feet to a low, square hay bail and then carefully lowering himself onto it. “Will you tell him I’m here?”
“Sorry, man,” Clint apologizes, “That’s not the most polite hello I’ve ever made happen. You surprised me. I’d been listening for you to get out of the bath or head this way and then I look away for a second and you’re there. I’m impressed.”
He’s happy. Tony can hear it in his voice. And Tony’s not happy at all but he does try and pull his shit together long enough to have this conversation.
“Tony’s only said that Steve and Natasha were out looking for him and that he wasn’t under HYDRA’s control at this point,” Bruce admits.  “If I’ve ask anything else he changes the subject.”
“Right,” Bruce says. “So I don’t worry about accidentally telling Clint to do something. It’d be different with you right now. I’m trying extremely hard to phrase anything I ask you as a question with an out so you don’t interpret it as an order. But I might forget.”
Or he’s Hydra and there’s backup out there, though that seems like the least likely of the three considering the calm Bruce maintains.
It absolutely gets them the attention they’re looking for.  They can’t see the building through the smoke, but all their phones display a drone-cam feed that JARVIS is controlling from far beyond their manufactured chaos.  A dozen or so HammerTech employees run out of the server building.  Some of them are clearly the IT crowd but the ones who aren’t-- the ones wearing what look like tac jackets-- head for black escalades, four to an SUV.
Bruce picks up on his reluctance and picks the scanner back up from where he’d laid it on the porch.
“I’m gonna need to find out more about SHIELD when this is all over,” Tony says, eyeing the firepower they have at their disposal and then making a decisive choice.
“Yeah.  And not because he thought we’d be shiny stars,” Clint says.  “Neither of us are good at written tests, and no one in HR bothered to hide that we’d had some of the worst entrance exams of the decade.”
It’s only just out of his mouth when suddenly Steve seems to realize what he’s just said and he jerks up abruptly.
“James has had six and half weeks to eat a bullet,” Clint says, his words the slightest bit slower than normal. Like it’s an effort to concentrate. “He didn’t. He went looking for you instead, to ask about Steve. He wants a life. After everything-- don’t dismiss that. Don’t pretend that wasn’t tough as shit for him to do.”
“He...” James starts. “The way he looked at me... I am not that person. I’m not who he thinks I am. I’m an asset. A weapon. Not Bucky Barnes.”
Bruce’s clothing choices are limited.  He can wear his clothes from Europe that are still bloody from earlier, the Stark Industries Swag he’d nabbed from the jet that’s less bloody but… still bloody.
“JARVIS is watching,” Pepper says.  It sounds ominous.  “But in case he’s compromised,” she glances at Tony, “I’ve signed the bottom of each egg.  No signature, no win.”
He gives James time to consider his words as he walks out to the porch. The three boxes the drone left behind aren’t too big but it’s more than Bruce was expecting.  He picks them up one at a time and carries them inside, to deposit them on the table.
With the decision made to stick around, something changes in him. Bruce watches the man’s posture relax a little as he leans back against the wall of the barn.
“Oh thank God,” Tony mumbles, finally finding his voice again.  “Sorry-- just-- wow.  I was running on spite and adrenaline and tacos and now I think maybe I need a second.”
“I was just about to tell James my thoughts on one of his malfunctions,” Bruce says. “And honestly, your perspective might be helpful. I... um... I’m not an expert on this. On any of it.”
Steve still looks a little caught off guard by his entire conversation with James, but he still manages a small smile. “Yeah. I think that a lot.”
He looks relieved though, like this is exactly the kind of ridiculous problem he needs to solve to get his mind off Bucky things.
Chapter warnings for lots of blood and for a mention of possibly suicidal thoughts.  The person in question was not suicidal, but another character phrases it in a way that could be upsetting if suicide mentions bother you.
“I don’t think it’s funny,” Clint says. “I think you’re a first-timer at this, and it’s not my first rodeo. Natasha was a nightmare when I brought her in. She was in full on survival mode, she didn’t trust me any further than she could drop-kick me, and she nearly killed me a dozen times the first week. I got through that; we’ll get through this. When you do the right thing, most of the time it works out.”
Tony stops speaking as the occupants around the table (minus Steve and Clint) laugh.  Tony laughs, too, but when the laughter dies down, Tony fills his next glass to the brim with more champagne and drains it like a thirsty soldier with a canteen.  There’s no more science talk.  Instead Tony’s boyfriend takes over the conversation and launches into a story about a time he’d shut Tony up, this one involving a gag.
“My speed?” Tony asks.  “Do foods have speeds?  Are you calling me, what?  Fast?  Slow?  I don’t even know what’s more insulting here.  You’re going to have to explain this metaphor.”
As much as Steve knows that this is important and that Howard has been an elephant in the room for far too long, he still isn’t sure how to get through it.  And that only takes Howard into consideration.  Tony’s never said more than a word or two about his mother.  She could have been equally cold.  Distant.
If you've got insight on how you think this should be tagged or think I've cocked it up, please message me
“I want you to see,” Tony says.  “Before-- before you just let this go.  I want you to see the pictures and I want to explain.”
“I wish I’d talked to you after the whole New York thing,” Clint sighs.  “They made me see a SHIELD therapist.  He was... not real helpful.”
Sure, he’s the better coach. Tony is positive Howard would have some tips and tricks that Tony might lack. But he will never allow Howard to squeeze the joy out of hockey for his niece the way he’d done it to Tony.
“I’m not a therapist,” Bruce explains. “It’s a miracle I haven’t messed you up yet, James. When we get settled somewhere you’re going to need to see someone who knows what they’re doing, if you’re willing. And I think, if Steve will take the suggestion, he should, too.”
And to James’s point... well, Bruce can’t deny that James is probably on to something even if it’s not something Bruce would have the first clue how to go about fixing.
“I haven’t told Tony I’m not traveling alone yet,” Bruce says. “And please call him James. He thinks the Winter Soldier sounds stupid.”
It takes everything in Bruce to dig his fingers into his palm and concentrate on all the very valid reasons he doesn’t need to go green to protect Clint. Clint’s got this, even as the Other Guy is pointing out how Clint is small, and squishy and made of meat.
“Take your time,” Steve tells him.  The car starts to roll forward and away from the scene and Steve places a hand on Tony’s back consolingly.  “You okay?”
Bruce sees James stiffen in his seat. “He asked me to call him James,” Bruce explains. “He doesn’t remember anything about his life as Bucky and he doesn’t much identify with that name. But he’s here and he’s safe. We’re all looking out for each other.”
Clint speaks first.  “He relies a lot on his instincts and he’s not afraid of breaking rules if it’s going to help somebody. He can’t be bullied and he won’t stand for anyone else being bullied either, even if that might put him in the wrong. He’d be the first person in any group to throw himself on a grenade to save everyone else, so I’m honestly not sure how he’s still alive. Especially considering the company he keeps.”
“No,” Steve says.  It would be a whole lot easier if he’d brought his shield because then he could use it to pry open the elevator and crawl up.  That would be preferable to this conversation.  But Steve’s come all this way, and he’s not a pushover even if this wasn’t the best thought-out plan.  “There’s a chance he might see me anyway.  Would you mind asking him?”
When the talk is over (and thank God it is over because Steve’s ass had gone numb about thirty minutes back) Tony practically bounces down the steps to meet the guy. Bruce hangs back, and Steve stands with him.
It’s hard not to ask James to confirm one last time this is what he wants. It’s hard, but Bruce resists because he will not infantilize James, and third-guessing him when he seems so sure about his decision would be a dick move.  That’s a shitty way to treat an adult and it's not the way Bruce would ever want to be treated.
Bruce turns the phone toward James so he can see the picture Tony sent. In the interest of trust, he’ll show him every text that comes through until James tells him it isn’t necessary. Maybe that show of trust is the push James needs, since that’s when he speaks.
Tony doesn’t look up when the door slides open.  All his focus is on his phone, and whatever is displayed there, that’s making him frown. There’s a piece of metal netting at his feet, bent into an odd shape that Steve can’t identify.
Bruce is apologetic in both tone and manner as James freezes. It hadn’t occurred to Bruce when he’d asked that James would know quite that level of detail.
“Damn straight,” Clint says with a pleased smile. “I like to tell Bruce to fuck off at least once a week. Keeps him on his toes.”
He waits for her to join him and then lets her see his screen. It’s a picture of Bucky Barnes, looking like he just stepped off a team bus and into his front door, holding up a handwritten sign that reads “HI JENNY! GO WILDCATS!”
Steve’s able to stand with no problem and he reaches down a hand to Tony to help him up.  Tony stares at Steve’s hand, then takes it.
“SHIELD?” Bruce asks, pulling his eyes away from the hologram in confusion. SHIELD is supposed to be gone, and if there’s anything left, Bruce doesn’t trust it.
“Correlation doesn’t imply causation,” Steve quotes.  He’s heard Bruce say it enough times to know it can win a lot of arguments with Tony.
Bruce has no idea how this conversation’s going to go.  How he’s going to tell the best friend he’s ever had that he’s palling around Europe with the guy who’d offed Howard and Maria
There’s a loud crunch as Steve takes a bite of his crispy taco. For some reason, that’s what makes Tony bark out a laugh in a slightly hysterical pitch. They’re in the back of a goddamn murder-mobile and Steve Rogers is half a foot away, low key munching on his lunch.
They walk for about two hours when the patchy clouds above them begin to sprinkle down cold rain. It’s not miserable, but it makes Bruce reconsider his stance on the Steal A Car plan, even if it’s too late for that. James seems to be keeping up with Clint fine, despite the wet ground. Both men are a good bit ahead of Bruce when Bruce gets a text from Clint.
Bruce doesn’t respond because his eyes are on Clint’s results. The break is bad, but it’s clean and even if Bruce was up for starting work on it now, they need to let the swelling go down before there’s any real progress to be made.
“Not that kind of recreation, grandpa.  The bruise is from my girlfriend. The physics professor I’ve been seeing?”
Tony thinks about Steve’s bedroom, and the perfect model Starship Enterprise, and about this man who is not only his boyfriend but one of the best friends he’s ever had.  When he smiles at Steve it’s bright like Christmas morning.
Tony had felt terrible then, and tears had welled up in his eyes.  She pulled him close and wrapped his new quilt around him.
“I get it,” Tony agrees.  “But keep in mind, I’m not known for my spectacular decision making skills when I’m emotionally compromised and I don’t
“Then what?” Steve asks, nervously shifting the bag he’s holding from one shoulder to the other. If anyone can see through him-- if anyone can see all the fear and insecurity Steve’s feeling-- it’s Tony.
“Wait,” Steve says.  “You’re telling me we’re in Brooklyn.  At lunchtime.  And you want us to eat salad?”
Steve hits send and that’s the end of it. He can see that Tony saw the message, but there’s no reply.
“If it’s all the same to you, I think I’d rather give it all to Tony, Ms. Potts.  Anything that was Howard’s should be his.”
Bruce’s chest tightens.  Why hadn’t Tony told him?  Why hadn’t Tony trusted him?  Why had Tony gone through this alone?
“I do have that ability.  I do not always have the correct permissions.  What is it you would like deleted?”
Steve tries to dig further into his own feelings.  He remembers something Bruce said.  One of Bruce’s concerns about Tony’s letter.
Except Steve doesn’t ask.  A month passes, then another.  Steve comes up with a dozen reasons not to seek out Tony.  Just because he’s Captain America doesn’t mean he’s immune to the pang of rejection or a distaste for being mocked.  Tony will tease him about wanting his relics.  Remind him he’s an old man and offer to buy him a new sketchbook-- a digital one with all the bells and whistles.  He won’t understand.
“You’re going to get help here so that doesn’t happen,” Steve says. “I think maybe I should start seeing that therapist at SHIELD again, too. There are all kinds of reasons we could walk away from this, but please don’t let fear of hurting me be one of them. You’re worth the risk.”
Steve stops what he’s doing to look up at the ceiling.  He wants Jarvis to know he has his full attention.
Tony mouths the word “boooooom” as he lifts his hands like a mushroom cloud, which gets a chuckle from Steve.
He steps over to Tony and wraps both arms around him in a hug.  There’s nothing romantic about it.  There’s a time and a place for Steve’s unrequited feelings and this is not that time or place.  Tony leans in against him and Steve holds him a little more tightly.  They stay like that for almost a full minute as Tony pulls himself together.  The shaky sobs turn to sniffles and then they quiet all together. Tony tugs away.
Steve knows Tony’s not serious.  The picture with Dum-E’s hearts had been displayed front and center in Tony’s rehab room, and at some point Pepper had brought a frame for it.  It is currently sitting on Tony’s bedroom dresser in a place of honor.  Valued.
Partly because the old woman looks about ready to fall over from shock and partly because Steve’s just not sure what to make of the heartfelt defense.
He really has no choice but to rely on James’s opinion, since he has no idea what Clint’s seeing that’s worrying him.
“You don’t have to stop.  You can talk about him,” Tony says with a shrug.  “I’m not going to stay up all night crying over it.”
And well-- if they were going to kill him, that seems like a weird thing for Steve to concern himself with, right?
“I’m not lying,” Steve says, looking up at Tony with lustful eyes.  “You are gorgeous.  Perfect.  Incredible.”
“That depends,” Steve says.  “Are we talking a translation from an earlier translation or did you work from the original Italian?”
Steve stands and Natasha follows him to her feet.  She reaches down a hand to tug at Tony’s elbow since he’s not moving.  He stands and follows his friends out the back door, and they quickly walk without speaking down the hall to where the limo is waiting.  Tony’s heart is racing.  He’s not sure what to make of Steve’s defense.  He’s grateful.  Confused maybe.  Feelings are
The other men take off their shoes to line them up neatly under a bench, and then disarm themselves of their guns and place them carefully in a large basket lined with blue velvet and lace.  Tony notices that there is already a gun in the gun basket waiting.  Nanna’s gun, apparently.  Tony adds his weapon to the pile.  Bucky adds a second.  Then a boot knife.  Clint unloads half an armory.  Tony doesn’t even want to guess where he was hiding the dart gun.
“I’m already working on it, sir.  However, Captain Rogers will need to take a look at my results as there are multiple sets by varying artists.”
It takes Tony less than 24 hours to decide he wants in on the game and by the end of business that day, he's racked up his first 20 points.
“It was in that info Nat dumped.  JARVIS put it together about 5 weeks ago.  James killed Howard and Maria and made it look like a car accident.”
This is not a romantic admission.  It feels more like something Steve would say in a confessional booth before mass.
Steve quiets Tony with a shake of his head. “I don’t need you to apologize,” Steve says. “Right now, all I really want is to go to bed. It’d be nice if you were there, but if you’re busy murdering a robot that’s okay, too.”
Tony leans down to kiss Steve, and Steve opens his mouth and sucks on Tony’s tongue and shudders with just how good having Tony close makes him feel.
“We won’t stop you if you have to go,” Bruce says. “But personally, I’d like it if you stayed. There’s no punishment for this. I understand why scissors can be a trigger. They are for me, too. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Bruce notices Tony give Steve’s knee a comforting rub and the way that seems to relax the tense set of Steve’s shoulders.
“Text me if there’s anything you want from the store. I’ll let Bruce know to do the same,” Tony says.
He’s joking, obviously, and Bruce nods. “I’d say it must be nice, but I think if I had the choice, I’d choose to be like you.”
“But it might,” Tony says gently.  “I’m not going to tell you to give up all hope.  We already tried that.  It wasn’t great.”
“One day, and you’re gonna figure out how they worked, get all the materials you need, and super-glue them all back together?” Sam asks skeptically.
“Actually-- you should stay,” Tony says, before Steve needs to respond. “Bruce is busy doing the doctor thing, Barton is injured and Wilson is napping.  Someone needs to keep an eye on the place. You up for it?”
“Oh Phase 2 is absolutely a go,” Tony agrees.  “We’ve got answers.  We’ve got so many answers, right down to why they chose
The worst part about the museum, apart from the constant worry he’ll be recognized, is how much he wants to reach out and touch his things.  How nice it’d be to curl up with his old sketchbook or run his thumb over his beat-up radio, and
“I’d date him,” Clint says.  “But I don’t go down for anything less than HBO.  What about you, Nat?  After watching what happened between him and Pepper, would you date Stark?”
At least he’s being honest.  Steve knows he should do the same.  Stop being such chicken shit.  Own his feelings.
Clint repeats his words in German then in Russian, or at least that’s what Bruce thinks he’s catching from his limited knowledge of the languages. That seems to get James’s attention even if Bruce can still see the way James’s pulse is throbbing in his throat.
“Okay. I just don’t want you whipping out the Eyes of Disappointment when you see me. You can break people with that shit.”
“Even the part where you swore, used the Lord’s name in vain, and broke the table?” Tony asks with a grin.
“I don’t get why we can’t take an uber,” Steve says, finally opening the door and taking a seat in what might as well be a clown car for as well as it fits either of them.
Tony grabs Steve by the arm and tugs him into the nearest store, and without asking for permission reaches over to flip the open sign on the window to closed.  There are only a couple of people inside, thankfully.  If nothing else it’s quiet.
Steve snaps his notebook closed and tucks it in his bag.  He could use some air, anyway.  Maybe a walk will help him sort out where this whole conversation went so very, very wrong.
He takes a hard blow to the shoulder and throws his elbow backwards to send whomever hit him flying backward.
“I overthink my words,” Bruce explains. “I want to be careful because people can be self-conscious when there’s something about them that isn’t typical. Not many people have metal arms.”
Bruce ends up napping in his chair after he shoots off his grocery requests to Tony.  He isn’t sure how much time passes before James’s neural alarms beep and Bruce wakes with a start. James comes to consciousness a few minutes later.
Compared to what he’s spent the rest of the flight doing, patching up Clint is a piece of cake. Bruce wraps Clint’s arm carefully then use long strips of bandage to secure a splint into place. He helps him lift the arm to his chest and has him cradle it there before strapping on a sling.
Steve, who had hurled plates at the roof and dissolved them into dust because he trusted that even Tony's more batshit ideas could still be good ones.
Steve leads Tony straight to the armored car, and the rest of their friends (now including Rhodey) are an impenetrable wall around them.  Steve makes sure Tony climbs in first, but then there’s a pause and friendly chatter outside the car.  After that, Steve’s the only person who joins him.
Steve’s angry retort dies on his tongue.  He glares at Tony, bends down to pick up a plate, and hurls it a hundred miles an hour at the ramp.  It hits so hard the pieces turn to dust.
“Can you find the tape and get rid of it?  It sounded like it was all digital.  Sitting on some server somewhere.”
“You’re such a shit,” Tony complains.  “I was actually feeling bad for you when I invited you to hang out.  Then you come and sit on
“We’ll worry about it when it’s a problem,” Bruce deflects, as he gets to Clint.  “Now stop being stubborn and let me look at your arm.”
“I do,” Clint complains. “Now get over here and help me up. Haven’t seen you in six weeks and I don’t even get a damn hello.”
Tony’s eyes narrow.  “They weren’t in storage until after he died.  He kept it all in his home office.  He never let you go.  Not even for a second.”
“One bacon cheeseburger, hold the onions, a large fry and a large Iron Man shake, coming right up,” she rattles off.
“I can’t say for sure,” Bruce admits. “But it’s a good sign that you aren’t feeling it now. I wouldn’t be surprised if you were getting neural feedback from the way they’d attached the leads for your arm into your nervous system. And now that the attachments are disconnected, the feedback is  gone.”
“Could be worse,” Natasha says.  “Barnes is safe for now.  That’s more than we could say this morning.”
There are clean towels stacked on a shelf and he grabs one to place down next to the tub so it will be easy for Tony to reach.  Steve spots a razor and pockets it.  It doesn’t seem like a good idea to leave Tony alone with one just yet.
Bucky motions Tony over and explains what he’s doing, and Tony takes over double checking security codes as Bucky heads down to the basement to presumably sort through more weapons.
Giving Bruce his own text tone was a stroke of genius since Bruce is the one and only person Tony cares to text with at the moment.  Bruce’s cheerful ping differentiates him from all the annoying gongs of work and duty and life outside the tower.  Usually when a text comes through from Bruce Tony’s on it like lightning, but this time he’s distracted.  He’s... well... for lack of a better word... he’s spying.  On Steve.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Bruce calls out in warning, as the man approaches. “Please don’t make me do something we’ll both regret.”
Steve leans in and lets his face settle in the crook of Tony’s neck.  He takes a deep breath then kisses Tony a few times before he pulls away.
The silence that follows the Captain’s outburst is the silenciest silence that has ever silenced.  It’s beautiful.  Golden.  It’s like the ultra quiet anechoic chamber out in Minnesota that Bruce is always threatening to lock himself in, only this is better, because it’s full of politicians simultaneously pissing themselves.  Silently.
“Sorry! Sorry!” Steve apologizes, his voice muffled by the food. “I didn’t want to talk with my mouth full and you asked right as I took a huge bite.” He sounds contrite. “We are not burying any bodies. I think what you’re smelling is mulch, maybe? And-- we’re not going to hurt you. I won’t let
“I’d like to state for the record that Sam did not know why he was doing this bullshit,” Sam inserts.
Honestly, James sounds so protective of Steve both Clint and Bruce try to hide their smiles. It doesn’t work and James looks unimpressed, which only makes Clint laugh.
“I should have called but I told myself I needed more information," Steve says, all in a rush, before Tony can get out a word. "I didn’t want to drop all that in your lap without some kind of... answer. And then... Bucky. I guess-- in the whole scheme of things your parents weren’t-- weren’t at the top of my mind because it’s Bucky.”
Bruce can tell James is overwhelmed, and he gets it. The guy’s world keeps getting turned upside down. It’s going to take time for him to figure out which way is up.
He sighs and sits down on the couch and waits. For what, he doesn’t know. An asteroid maybe. Something quick and painless.
The look on Clint’s face is so absolutely sincere, Bruce’s irritation can't hang on. Clint’s a good friend. Clint’s trying to help. Bruce is thanking him by being an ass. He sits up a little straighter and fluffs the pillow he’d mangled.
“There’s a piece of paper,” Tony interrupts.  “Over there.  It ummm... just... this conversation might be easier...”
“Great.  Now go away.  Give us some privacy, sky snoop,” Tony says, climbing to his feet and helping Steve do the same.
Steve knows the usual lunch crowd and they are long over any Avenger celebrity awe. If someone does make a big deal out of him and Tony, it’ll be a tourist, and the diner doesn’t get too many of those.
And it is a report. There’s a forced effort to James’s voice that Bruce hates more than a little. Not to mention the mess that is James not identifying the leg as his own. Bruce knows dissociation when he hears it.
It starts ascending a lot more quickly than before.  When it stops, it’s at roof level.  Tony is leaning casually against a new model quinjet.
“What am I eating?” Steve asks.  His eyes water as he tries to force his gag reflex (his strong gag reflex, thank you) back under control.
He’s noticed the way Tony keeps running his fingers over things (the kitchen counter, the knobs on the bathroom sink, the books on the nightstand) like he never expected to see any of it again.
“No, you know what?” Tony asks, taking a step away from the woman. “I’m not going to be in your picture, because you’re right. I’m a shitty role model. If I had kids I’d hope they weren’t anything like me. But Rogers, here? He’s a good man. And I’m not sure what crawled up everyone’s collective asses and died but--”
“Barnes wasn’t in the city,” Sam says.  “We’re pretty sure he wasn’t on the continent.  But he was there at some point in time.  These prove it.”
He takes the small Brooklyn Stars gift bag from Steve’s hand and opens it. The first puck is signed to Jenny. The second one is for him.
When Nanna nods Tony continues on, introducing himself in polite, fluent French, explaining about the trunk and then thanking her for her hospitality and willingness to take him in.  Clint mouths
Judging by the speculative looks James is now giving Tony, whatever James has built Tony Stark up to be in his head, meeting him has taken some weight off of James’s concerns.
Somewhere upstate, buried six feet under, Howard Stark is rolling in his grave at his embarrassment of a son.
“Enough that Barnes should probably move the van back another hundred feet after we unload,” Tony says.
He hasn’t told anyone yet, and that’s the rub. He plans to get through the night’s interviews with as little hoopla as possible and then in a week he’s going to announce his retirement. He’s going to change his life. Focus on what makes him happy. He’s going to--
“If you reconnect it, will the feedback come back?” James asks. He sounds worried. Bruce totally gets that.
“If Stark knows you’re running around with the Winter Soldier he’s probably halfway over the Atlantic right now. It won’t be pretty.”
“Shit,” Tony swears. Now it’s his turn to be the cuddly one. He turns in and presses kisses to Steve’s shoulder. “I’m sorry I’m a jealous asshole. I’m sorry you had to cut talking to that kid short when you noticed I was missing. I’m sorry I--”
“I didn’t open it at first, because I didn’t want to know how little he thinks of me. What he was going to offer me to buy back my friendship,” Bruce says. “He’s smart. He’s got to know a few million aimed at a medical clinic somewhere poor would do the trick. I’d resent him, sure, but I’d fake a few smiles if it really helped people, right? It’s not like I’ve got enough friends to turn him down, and he’s got you and Pepper and Rhodey so I only half need to matter.”
Tony doesn’t know how much he needed some quiet time until it’s only him and Steve in the car.  He’s done with words, and all he can do is nod.
This story is an absolute joy to write, thanks largely to all the feedback from you!  When I realized this chapter was over 7,000 words I just about died.
“Yeah, we’re buying this,” Tony agrees.  “J, track down the artist.  Make them a generous offer on my behalf.”
“They’re two sizes too tight, and they say Property of Tony Stark on the ass,” Steve reminds him. “Not exactly work appropriate.”
Tony knows, and believes, that Clint and Bucky and Steve don’t mean him any harm. But things are getting weird. And... well, their friendship is sort of convenient for kidnapping or murdering him, now that he thinks about it...
Kate is napping on Bruce’s couch when Bucky’s text wakes her.  She reads it over, flops onto her back, and breathes in the delicious smell of whatever it is that Bruce is in the kitchen cooking them for lunch.
“No,” Bruce says. He’s not afraid. “It’s important to me that I know you understand that all this is your choice,” Bruce says, figuring James can handle the honesty. “I-- I don’t have a medical history for you. I don’t know much about you, really. I’m afraid that people who’ve worked with your injuries before didn’t give you the option of telling them to fuck off.”
“We need groceries,” Tony declares.  “There’s nothing in here you wouldn’t find in an elementary school cafeteria. I can’t live like this.”
That gets a laugh out of Tony. “When I was younger I drove through a wall or two. Nothing that can’t be fixed.”
Steve reaches for Tony, who is still flat on his back. He helps him sit up and then rolls him closer so they can kiss.
“Thought you might be mad at me, Dr. Bruce,” Clint adds, as Bruce carefully begins the scan. “I didn’t tell you that I’d ask Nat to come for back up,” Clint continues. “I didn’t tell her ‘xactly where we were.  Just asked her to get to Switzerland, near the border. After James freaked over the haircut figured that it might be smart.”
It helps his control immeasurably that Bruce has already gotten some of the story from Tony (who had gotten it from Steve) so Bruce knows the Winter Soldier isn’t necessarily on team HYDRA anymore. Everything is okay for now. They’re far enough from civilization that this might not even get ugly.
“Well, we are,” Bucky says.  “And since you’re still alive, I’m going to say we’re pretty damn good at it.”
Bruce rummages in his bag, then tosses one of the bars to James.  They are down to less than a dozen so the food issues can’t wait forever, but they can definitely wait until tomorrow.  For now, Bruce moves on to pulling vegetables out of the fridge to make the stir-fry for himself and Clint.
Bruce laughs. “Yes. Yes, you do. Give me a second to grab the supplies and then I’ll get you set up.”
I got the impression they believed Sir had told you of their departure from the fundraiser. He is in his workshop now. Would you like me to patch a call through to him for clarification?
Bruce works for an hour, sleeps for four, then wakes up again to get back to work.  The biological part of what’s wrong with James is grim.  All the monitors hooked up to him report back the same thing-- his body is trying to heal but there’s something in the way.  Bruce’s best guess is that it’s the arm and the way it’s wired into James’s central nervous system, but the mechanics of the arm are out of his area of expertise.  With some reluctance, he reaches out to the only person he knows who might be able to make sense of what he’s seeing.
The sex noises and accompanying jerk-off gesture make Steve snort a loud laugh and then choke on his iced tea as it goes down the wrong pipe.  “No!  No, I have never thought that and now I’m never going to be able to unthink it.  Thank you.”
Bruce finally gets a better look at Clint as he’s laying the holo-baton on the ground next to James. He sees a dark bruise and a bone out of place nudged up just under skin above Clint’s wrist. Bruce has to focus on James for now despite how much he’d like to help his teammate. At least until he has some idea of what’s gone wrong.
“And you’re an expert, huh?” Tony demands.  “You don’t know shit about me.  If you’re going to clutch your pearls over bedroom talk, maybe next time don’t sit at the grown up table.”
“Shit. Not-- I mean, that wasn’t... the crack about the Kiss Cam. I’m not gay for you or anything. I didn’t come back here for that,” Steve rambles.
They strip out of their gear and jumpsuits without much care for privacy.  Tony used to be so concerned with anyone seeing his arc reactor and now he doesn’t appear to think about it at all, as he guzzles some bottled water and stands around in nothing but his boxers.
Steve takes in Tony’s words.  He doesn’t miss what a turnaround like this will cost Tony in the long run.  Justice.  Vengeance.  Retribution.  All things that by all rights Tony might feel he deserves.
Steve stands and puts a hand to the small of Tony’s back to guide him through the bar crowd.  Steve uses his size to clear the way so there’s never too much of a press against Tony, and Tony appreciates it more than he can say.
The soldier’s eyes bore into Bruce. Bruce takes a deep, stilling breath, and lets it out on a four count. The Other Guy is definitely not a fan of the soldier’s sharp gaze.
Steve shakes his head.  “He moved out of the tower.  He’s staying with Clint over in Bed-Stuy.  I don’t think he’s up for a visit just yet.”
“He always did,” Steve says.  Then he pauses, like he’s trying to think how to phrase something. “You like him, don’t you?”
Clint puts down his coffee and starts blindly patting around behind his computer before pulling out a sheet of copy paper.  There’s a neatly typed list there that’s nearly unreadable because of all the  furiously scribbled out words and notes and addendums.  Tony is absolutely sure this is not at all the kind of thing Clint should be showing him.  HR would be in tears.
“Sam Wilson,” the winged man introduces as he rips a velcro medpack off his flight suit. “Para-rescue. Friend of Steve’s.”
“You are displaying many of the most common symptoms of depression,” JARVIS says.  “Perhaps it would help if you put on clean...” there’s a pause as JARVIS apparently searches through his database for an accurate description of what Steve’s been wearing for the past day, “sweatpants.”
“Too busy to care,” Bruce responds. Not to be an ass, but because the lights and the beeps and the panels and the blood have his focus. He’s finally snapped back from the grips of stunned failure where he’d lost himself for a minute.
Steve is appalled.  Tony knows he’s appalled because Steve’s mouth is stuck open and his eyes are wide, like a trout mounted on a wall in a country club.
“Just goes to show you, HYDRA’s a bunch of ignorant assholes,” Clint says helpfully.  “Best marksman in the world, except for maybe me, and then they put you at a disadvantage.  It’s one thing being evil, but do they have to be evil and stupid?”
It’s a Saturday morning, two days after one of these fights, when Bruce texts Steve to ask if they can get lunch. They meet at the diner and chat about the usual things until their food arrives. Steve only learns why Bruce has asked him to meet when Bruce pulls out a crumpled envelope and taps it on the table.
There’s no two ways about it, Steve’s depressed.  Google told him so.  JARVIS told him so too, when he asked for the AI’s opinion.
Tony isn’t sure what to make of the offer.  Dinner sounds good.  Time with Steve always sounds good.
“I feel bad for him,” Steve says. “He’s a lot different off the ice. Or-- well, we were on ice, but outside a game.”
PS tell Barton the next time he invites me for a slumber party at a house with multiple killers and zero alcohol or coffee, I’m cancelling his All You Can Eat card at SoupSoupSoup.
“You’re the nerd, nerd,” Bucky says, leaning down to kiss Clint on top of the head, like he does every morning. “What do you think all the angles you calculate off the top of your head are? Social Studies? No. Geometry is math.”
It only takes them a minute to pack up after James pulls the Stark Industries hoodie over his head. Bruce doesn’t let himself take a picture even though he figures Tony would be exuberant there’s a 90 something-year-old assassin decked out in Stark gear. Before SHIELD fell, Tony’d been working for months to get a tiny Stark logo on Steve. Anywhere.
“Ana and Jarvis were the ones who raised me,” Tony says.  “They couldn’t have kids.  I didn’t know that until I was older.  Ana always said they had me around, why would they need anything more?”
“Make an incision between the 8th and 9th rib on his left side,” JARVIS replies, with the blessed brusqueness of an artificial intelligence unmoved by the tragedy of it all. “Three inches wide, two inches deep.”
He’d made the wrong choice. He should have pushed about the trigger. Clint could have died because of Bruce’s inadequacies. How would he even explain that?
“They were all signed R.J. if that helps,” Steve says.  “That was the only identifying information.”
“Hey, sliced bread was well within my time and my tastebuds work fine,” Steve says.  “Ask Bruce if you don't believe me.  I have a healthy appreciation for food from this century.”
“Tony’s probably over-reacting but thank you,” Pepper says from behind her desk.  She doesn’t look like she intends to budge.
“No. It won’t hurt,” Tony says, with a gentleness usually directed at Dum-E when Tony doesn’t think anyone else will hear. “Hold still and this will only take a minute.”
“Thank you,” Tony says.  “For-- all that.”  He gestures upward to indicate what had happened in his room and then leans against the wall for support.
“Someone put a hit out on Tony and he’s worried they’ll come after you,” Kate explains.  She props herself up on an elbow.  “Bucky and Clint want you to go somewhere else.  Somewhere people won’t think to look for you.”
“You want to come in?” Tony asks.  “Jarvis could queue up some Cosmos for us.  There are still a few I haven’t watched.”
Steve prays the same words over and over, willing the universe to accept them.  If there is a God, it shouldn’t be asking too much.  Not after everything they’ve been through.
“Can you not call me that?” Steve asks.  “Cap is fine but Captain America... I’d just rather you not.”
“To answer your question, I didn’t know what kind of bagels you like and I was hungry-- figured I’d let you pick first then eat the rest.”
Pepper, Rhodey and Steve excuse themselves to the garden, and leave Tony to give Bruce the grand tour alone. They’ve all seen the whole place by now. The receptionist brings them chilled apple cider, and they drink it in the garden, where the leafy bushes have all gone red and orange. The air is still warm and the sun is bright in the sky. The afternoon passes much too quickly.
Nanna walks in on the tail end of Clint’s suggestion and he freezes, like a kid with his hand in the cookie jar.
Bruce makes a face, he can’t help. Neither him nor the big guy like to think too much about someone hurting Clint and there’s unpleasant implications in what Clint’s saying.
with Clint last Christmas (I lift up mine eyes into the hills) but for whatever reason, when he needs to split, he ends up in Switzerland, von Trapp style.
Tony’s never been happier with a decision to bring someone home. At least a decision that wasn’t entirely based on sex.
“J-- I need you to find me a rehab.  Somewhere I can start in the morning.  Out of the city but still in New York.”  Tony says it all in a rush, as if he thinks he’ll change his mind if he doesn’t get it all out at once.
The smile’s small and slightly pained but Tony can feel that something’s changed.  That the wall that’s built up between them for the last six weeks has lowered a couple of inches.  It makes it a whole lot easier to breathe.
“I’m not mad,” Bruce says easily, as the reading begin to fill in above the little baton.  “I trust you to make those kinds of calls. It wouldn’t be fair for me to blame you for doing the thing I had hoped you’d do.”
“It’s nothing against the guy,” Clint explains.  “He’s hardly ever down here so seeing him is like spotting something legendary.  There’s this game some of us play.  It’s stupid.  But like-- you get 10 points for a Bigfoot sighting, 10 points for tagging management with a post it note, 10 points for paging a punny fake name over the office intercom without getting caught, 10 points for deliberately leaving your fly down all day, 10 points for relocating Steve’s lunch.  20 points for making Steve swear.  Here... there’s a list.”
“I’ve had worse,” Clint says. “And Stark keeps the fun pain pills up front. Nat got me two and now I can’t feel shit.  I’m superman!”
Tony closes his eyes.  There’s too much light and noise to get it right unless he cuts himself off from the outside world.
“It doesn’t have to stay long,” Clint says. “Unlike Bruce, I’m not inflating my skills when I say I am one hell of a hair professional. I learned from the best.”
the plan,” Tony objects.  “I’m just trying to figure out if I need a ride home.  I’m not going to beg you to stay.  I already said you could take the car.”
Clint wisely gives them space as Bruce waits for James to settle carefully onto the porch. It had been Clint who’d first declared that getting scanned in a chair was too much like being in Medical for him, and he would rather be on the ground. James doesn’t say as much but copies Clint and sits with his legs out in front of him, resting back on his hands.
“My father cheated on my mother a few times while I was growing up,” Pepper continues.  “He wasn’t discreet and I watched what that did to her.  What it did to them.  How much she hated him by the time they divorced.  I couldn’t do that to us; it wasn’t healthy.  I was going to lose him forever if I stayed.”
He’d have never guessed Tony’s nonsense rambling could be considered comforting, but in a way, it is.  Now that he’s gotten to know Tony, he knows it’s not a lack of professionalism, or a demand for attention or a worldview that sees trauma as one big joke.
“There really is,” Bruce agrees. “So what should I call you? Because I’m not going to refer to you as The Corpse of Bucky Barnes. I’m just not.”
Tony eyes him skeptically.  “Okay.  Yeah.  Whatever.  Show me your wartime medic skills.  They did have penicillin back then, right?”
“It’s potting soil, Nanna,” Clint explains earnestly, with an absolute shit-eating grin aimed in Bucky’s direction.  “Bucky shoved him into the trunk of a car.”
Natasha leads the way in, and sets herself up at the bar, perching on a chair like she owns the place.  She pulls out a stack of crumpled, scribbled-on note cards and some old, blurry security cam photos.  The Winter Soldier is visible in several of them.
“Yes, sir.”  Tony knows better than to personify JARVIS too much and still he can’t help but think his AI sounds relieved.
Tony feels sick.  He is turning down one of the hottest men he’s spoken to in years.   Steve wants him.  Now Tony has to ruin everything.
“Let’s do it,” Tony says.  “It’ll be nice to collaborate on something that’s not for the team for once.”
“Give me a minute,” James says before he even opens his eyes. When James does open them, he turns his head to the side to look at Bruce. “Not-- functional? I can’t feel my-- anything.”
“I thought I saw him die. I should have jumped off the train after him when he fell. Followed him down the mountain. Every day I’m so damn sorry that I didn’t.”
If James isn’t going to ask him about the call with Tony, Bruce isn’t going to force the information on him.  Not with all the layers of guilt that lay in between.
Clint’s eyes flicker up to Bruce’s face in surprise. “Oh... thanks... that’s some faith that’s probably not deserved. But appreciated, man.”
And since Tony’s never left well enough alone a day in his life, he finally allows himself one question of his own.
Tony’s brain puts the thoughts together in some semblance of an order and after a few more minutes of just sitting on the ground and making himself breath, he’s able to push up off his rear and stumble over to the nearest sink to splash some cold water on his face. It doesn’t do anything for the splotches on his cheeks but it grounds him. Helps him stay on his feet as he paces and thinks.
“I taught Dum E how to draw,” Steve says proudly. “This is his second try. There was an incident with the first. A spilled drink. Then fire.”
Info begins to appear on all their phones.  They dive in to Hammer’s dirty secrets, while Natasha drives and continues to speak quietly in a low, hushed conversation that seems to involve an intricate mix of corporate espionage and shoes.
When he walks over to James, his steps are heavy, and there’s no stealth. Clint is a solid, grounding presence.  Bruce had never noticed before that Clint could do that. Could be so there.
“Trust me,” Tony continues. “I’ve done what I can to re-educate her, but she’s determined. And I would hit epic levels of cool if I could get her an autographed puck. I know I could buy one on ebay, but that’s not the same. Not to her, anyway. She’s a goalie for a traveling team. The Wildcats. And there’s no one for her but him.”
Steve picks up his hamburger, takes a bite, then swallows.  “The sex.  I think Shayla’s full of shit.”
Yes, he likes talking about Steve.  Likes the way saying his name feels on his tongue.  Likes just thinking the word.  So okay, shit, yeah.  It’s obvious.
They walk past Jenny and she beams up at them both, which puts another smile on Tony’s face that lasts long after they leave.
But they don’t call, and he doesn’t hear from them, and between the loneliness (Bruce had run) and the boredom (Bruce won’t be back anytime soon) and the overwhelming curiosity (it kills cats but Tony’s not a cat) Tony ends up poking where he shouldn’t.
“It wasn’t me,” Clint whines.  Then seeming to realize he doesn’t recognize the voice, he slits open his eyes and spills coffee on his shirt in the process.  “Awww, coffee, nooooo.”
Bruce sees James tense from the corner of his eye and adds “We’re not going to use the scanner until you’re ready, James. And before that happens we’ll do a scan on me first so you can see how it works. If you don’t like the looks of it we’ll figure something else out.”
“You read it right out of my mind,” Bruce deadpans. “The only thing you got wrong was the timeline. I am an expert with braids. I’d have us both done in under twenty minutes.”
“I’ve got a security team for this kind of thing,” Tony reminds them. “I know you know that, because you work for them.” He’s still a little on edge because of the way everyone in the room is looking at him and his headache is back in full force. “People have been trying to kidnap or kill me since the day I was born. We’re prepared.”
“He didn’t leave,” Clint assures him. “Well, okay, he’s stealthy as fuck, so yeah, maybe he left. But not in any way I could tell.”
The next morning, James is still waffling on hairstyles while Bruce cooks breakfast.  Clint shows up as soon as the smell of bacon fills the air, and James ignores them both as he taps away at the laptop.  Since the screen is facing the kitchen, it’s hard for Bruce not to notice that James keeps switching between tabs: some that are pictures of random men with short hair and some that are most definitely pictures of Bucky Barnes circa 1940 something.
Bruce taps at his screen and brings up the scan they’d taken in the chalet to compare it to the shoulder scan they’d taken on the quinjet.  There is literally no difference he can see.
“Stick around if you want,” Steve says.  “We’ve only been going quiet when you walk in the room because a search and rescue for the guy who killed your parents doesn’t sound like something that ought to be forced in your lap.”
“I really don’t think you could, if that helps,” Bruce says.  “But even if I thought it was possible, I wouldn’t run. I’d like to help you if you’ll let me.”
The only person as drunk as Steve and Tony is Clint, who is now sitting on the pavement with his eyes closed, leaning his head against Sam’s legs. He’s humming to himself loudly, massacring what Tony thinks might be ‘Eye of the Tiger.’
Tony’s eyes tingle with tears he refuses to let fall.  No one has ever defended him like this before.  Rhodey and Pepper have come close, but what Steve’s doing is unprecedented and Tony has no idea what to do with his stirred up emotions.
Bruce smiles. He’s done right by James, so thank god for small favors. “No,” Bruce says. “Not now I don’t. So that’s it? You’re okay with all this?”
James’s head snaps to the left to first look at Bruce and then at the back porch beyond him. He begins to cough as he sucks in air too fast.
Logically, Tony’s known for hours this was going to happen.  The reality of the risk hadn’t hit him with full force until now though.  Until there was no going back.  His chest tightens and it’s a little harder to breathe.  Steve puts his hand on Tony’s knee and squeezes.
“I hate everyone you date,” Steve says finally.  It’s all he’s got.  His only defense for why he’d interfered.
“Didn’t want to make assumptions,” Tony says. “Just because you’re gay didn’t mean you were gay for me. What about you? Was this why you stopped by?”
Clint throws up a peace sign and Tony laughs and does the same.  The picture Clint shows him a second later surprises Tony, because it’s been a long time since he’s seen his own face captured with that kind of smile.  Definitely not for a few years.
Steve considers it.  “I don’t...”  He trails off.  There’s really no point in denying the crush.  Clint’s clearly figured it out.  So instead he just focuses on the rest.  “Would you?  Just to make sure he’s safe?”
The bathroom is steamy when Steve opens the door, though thankfully the air isn’t overly hot.  Tony hasn’t been scalding himself.
Steve takes in a slow breath. “You think he’s ready? What if it’s too soon and his old mission protocols kick in?”
So Tony hasn’t completely given up on large scale romance, but it’s all the sort of romance that Steve can appreciate.  And he is all the happier when the limo takes them straight back to Stark Tower so they can celebrate there, alone.
When Bruce walks inside, James is sitting on the couch, his hand resting carefully on his knee.  Clint is back at the table, assembling a gun.
The look James gives Clint could set him on fire and Clint just beams like a murder glare from the world’s deadliest assassin is exactly the reaction he was hoping for.
The opposing teams were a different story. Steve’s not even convinced they’re homophobic so much as they were looking for a way to get him off his game and as much as he hates to admit it, it had worked.
He has no reason to believe Tony’s into him. Yes, they’d flirted. Yes, Tony brought up being bisexual. It didn’t
“Bucky doesn’t want to see me,” Steve says, sounding numb with disbelief.  “He wants me to stop looking.”
“Tony. I appreciate the gesture, but that could have disrupted SHIELD missions,” Steve says gently. “Put people at risk.”
“I do know him,” Bruce confirms. His own voice is the sound of calm. He is steady. Everyone gets to live (for now). “So do you, I think.”
“You’re both saps,” Tony pouts, finally struggling a bit in Steve’s hold.  He sounds more himself.  Reassured.
Steve dresses for a mission.  Not his usual sort of mission.  No, this one is going to be a whole hell of a lot more difficult than a bunch of killer robots or venomous super-slugs.
A moment later a picture of Boop appears on the nearest screen. She’s as beautiful as Steve remembers. Large, intelligent eyes, curves in all the right places, dark curls pinned up to frame her face, and an easy, sweet smile as she beams at the camera.
If he’s honest with himself, a big part of Steve’s ambivalence toward the younger Stark is just how hard it is to look at him without feeling sad.  Howard could be a pain, yes, but he was also a friend.  To Steve, it’s been less than 4 months since he flew into the icy water and left his friends behind.  Tony’s presence in his life is a constant, painful reminder of that.
“You’re free to leave,” Steve says with a shrug.  “What I don’t get is how you--genius, billionaire, philanthropist...”
Steve reaches out to pull Tony down next to him, so they’re lying against each other.  Steve’s whole body shivers from the contact.  He lets his hand rub lightly over Tony’s back.  The material of the pajamas is so soft and silky, Steve’s brain (traitorously) flashes to Peggy and those petticoats she used to wear.  Not helpful brain.  Shut up.
“Thank you,” Bruce says, worrying the worn hem of his sleeve as he watches James. The man doesn’t look like someone who doesn’t care. He also doesn’t look like someone who’s gotten enough to eat. “Then I’m going to call Tony from the porch. I’ll leave the door open so you can hear my parts of the conversation if you want to listen.”
James must notice Bruce’s discomfort, because he pulls the jeans back up quickly, and his body goes tense again. He sits absolutely still and stares straight ahead, the slight tremble in his jaw the only visible evidence that he isn’t a statue. Bruce recognizes the posture. James did something Bruce made obvious he didn’t like and now he’s waiting for punishment.
“This is going to be an awful ride back to the city unless you brought some portable showers,” Natasha says.
“I don’t doubt that,” Bruce says. “I gave up trying to protect Natasha and Clint from themselves a long time ago. If they think they can survive you, they’ll find a way. Clint invited us to stay here-- this place is his-- but you aren’t obligated to say yes. For now, the first thing we need to do is get some calories in you.”
beneath their hands. Except he doesn’t die. His heart stops, everything stops, and then his healing factor repairs something necessary for life and James gasps in breath as the sirens shift to speeding beeps again.
“So he can hate you, too?” Steve asks in return.  “Kill you with kindness?  Cause let me tell you, it’s great.”
Steve’s changed into sweats and a t-shirt, and again, that’s something Tony hasn’t seen before. At his place, Steve’s either in his work clothes, or in his boxers, or in less, and then back to his work clothes again in the morning. Casual Steve is something Tony is looking forward to seeing more of.
“Maybe,” Steve says. “I just-- I think there are some things you might be into that are absolute nos for me. Like... I’m not going to hurt you. I’m never going to leave bruises on you. I’m never going to put you in danger. You are precious to me. I won't treat you like you're anything less.”
“I think we need to consider the reality that we aren’t going to find him until he’s ready to be found,” Natasha says.  “He’s too good.”
“Tell me how to keep James alive. First steps-- baby steps-- anything. I don’t need the odds. It’s better not to know.”
“Bad,” Tony says simply.  “But probably not as bad as it was the other day.  Barnes has lived through worse more than once.  We’ll get him fixed.”
Obadiah makes a lunge for Tony or maybe just JARVIS on Tony’s phone.  It doesn’t matter.  Steve plants himself in front of Tony and deflects the attack, dropping Obie to the ground like a stack of bricks.
Of course their not so subtle entrance to the HammerTech Business Campus has Hammer’s security scrambling but since the armored car is superior in every way to any weapon Hammer could ever make, Natasha has zero difficulty driving them right up to the giant, glass front door. Thankfully she does not smash through it.  She just angles the car so they are only a step or two away from the entrance, and already most of the crowd has turned to look. It would cause too much of a publicity nightmare to shoot them all on camera so they ought to be safe.
The room itself is large and airy.  The wallpaper is a little garish with faded clowns lining the ceiling, and the carpet is a worn, seventies orange.  But none of that is what’s got them both out for revenge.  It’s the twin bunk bed that’s sitting off to the side, undersized for Tony and practically a toy bed for Steve.
“I think in another day or two your knee won’t be giving you any more trouble,” Bruce says. “You’ll probably want to consider waiting a week before you jump off any roofs, but walking around should be fine. I still want JARVIS to double-check me if that’s okay?” Bruce asks.
It’s the last he speaks until later in the morning when they’re doing one last sweep of the house to make sure they aren’t leaving anything important behind. They can’t comfortably carry all the clothes Tony had provided them, but they can carry what they want, and James suggests they bag up what they don’t. Bruce writes out a note in rough German, asking that anything they leave behind be donated. It’s the best they can do on short notice, and it seems to satisfy James’s need to not be wasteful.
“It's what I should have done a long time ago,” Steve says quietly.  “What I said-- that wasn’t off the top of my head.  I’ve rehearsed it for months-- in the shower, in the gym... in bed at night.  Not as a speech to deliver in a hearing, but to say to you.  So you’d understand...”
When a doctor finally comes to get them, they’re in better spirits.  Steve’s sure they must make quite the spectacle walking through the halls, with Tony and Steve still in uniform and Bruce in... a blouse?  Cargo pants better sized for Hulk.  Flip flops.
“It will be okay,” Steve says, looking at Tony with all the determined earnestness of a basset hound puppy.
Both parties shall comply with Stark Industries discrimination, harassment and behavioral workplace policies, which they both acknowledge having read and understood.
there is a description of rape.  It happened in the past, and it's a second hand story, but please mind the warning if this is something triggering for you!
“You are so hot,” Tony says.  Which is probably a mixed signal, now that he thinks about it.  “And so off limits.  I’m sorry.  Gods, I am so sorry.  If you didn’t work at SI we’d be in a taxi already, headed for my place.  I just... I can’t.  I’m your boss and there are... reasons... I’ve been told there are very good reasons.”
“After the initial pain goes away, what’s left is like a ghost.  The sharpness fades, but there’s still something aching there. I guess my brain expects it to hurt so it’s like an itch I can’t scratch. I can feel the bone mending and that’s not something I think a person is supposed to notice,” Steve adds. “I just have to keep telling myself the pain’s not real and it’ll calm down after a few days. I mostly try not to think about it and by the time I do, it's usually manageable.”
Tony’s not sure why Steve’s conceding. Tony’s really not sure about anything that has to do with Steve anymore.
“I’m not ready to go back,” Bruce says, telling the soldier something he hasn’t been able to articulate to Tony yet. “But if no one is coming, I don’t need to be in a barn. We could go somewhere else. Find something remote, with heat and a kitchen. My friend Tony is good at setting up that kind of thing.”
“We leak a press release,” Natasha says.  “Make it sound like the feds are going to charge someone innocent with one of Barnes’s crimes.  Give a number the public can call if they have more information then hope like hell that JARVIS is better at tracking calls than Barnes is at hiding them.”
Tony’s eyes narrow slightly at Steve’s sad attempt at a joke.  “Fine.  Ask away.  I couldn’t feel any more like shit if I tried.”
There are legos and a Black Eyed Peas poster and there’s a letterman jacket for jazz band and tennis slung over a chair.  There’s a diorama of dinosaurs and a volcano adorned with a first place ribbon.  There is also a cubby full of art supplies beneath multiple tacked up pencil drawings of Justin Timberlake.  There’s a graduation cap and some Star Trek memorabilia.  And unsurprisingly, there’s a Good Sportsmanship Award, hung up proudly over an ancient computer desk complete with ancient computer.
It had only been a sort of offhanded thought on Steve’s part, when he’d chosen it.  Give Bruce something that isn’t green.  Seemed simple enough.  But to Bruce it clearly meant a whole lot more.
“I’m hoping you’ll rename the C3 milkshake back to an Iron Man for me,” Steve says.  “Not right away.  Just... before too long.”
“I’m not here to fire you,” Tony says, shaking his head.  “I was wondering if you know where Bruce is?”
“I malfunctioned,” James says. “At the knee. Now it’s healing stupid and Bruce thinks you might know why.”
“Agent Romanoff was more than happy to give you permission to dismantle the bunk bed.  In her words, ‘Knock yourselves out and try not to catch the house on fire”.
His eyes fill with tears, and he half expects Tony to mock him for it but Tony’s looking a little misty-eyed too.
“The second suggestion,” Bruce says, “is to call Steve. Ask him what his pain feels like. Then maybe you’ll have a more knowledgeable perspective on what you can expect. It’s up to you though. I won’t call or text him without your permission.”
“No,” Tony cuts him off. “I didn’t tell him. What’s done is done and telling Bruce isn’t going to change that. Did you taste any flavor in the BannerBar at all?”
Tony laughs. It’s infectious.  Steve tries to look serious and only manages it for about five seconds before he snorts on a laugh of his own.
She’s twelve and like Tony always says: she’s his favorite. Smart, hilarious, full of sass, and hell on skates when she plays hockey. There are already college teams looking at her, and Tony couldn’t be prouder of that if Jenny was his own.
“They’re tranqs, Dr Banner,” the man calls to him, no doubt hoping to keep the Other Guy out of this equation.  “Super soldier tranqs.”
That’s not actually what Steve had come to ask.  He’d wanted to ask for some time alone with his stuff and that was all, but Tony’s attitude has him feeling honest.  It reminds him of long-lost friends, and how they took no shit from anyone, and it gives him strength.  And, more importantly, thinking of Bucky, Howard and Peggy gives him patience, because Lord knows they had infinite patience with him.
“It would be pointless. My phone is never on anything but silent,” Tony says.  “So. Real follow up question: Any of those showgirls really get you to third base? Or whatever the equivalent was back in the olden days?”
Tony’s glare turns into a glower.  “Have you even met yourself?  If I made a list of the top one million words to describe you, gold digger wouldn’t be on there.”
“I’ve had worse,” Steve says.  When he glances down he can see red stains on his white button up and dark blots along the black jacket.  He doesn't care in the slightest.  “Are you okay?”
“It’s not that,” Steve says.  “Or okay, it was a little bit that.  I like feeling financially secure.  But the bigger part of it is that I don’t know what else I’d do with myself.”
“Sir, I agree with Captain Roger’s recommendation that you abandon the van,” JARVIS says, the volume on the phone doubled, as if JARVIS thinks that’s what it’s going to take to get his point across.  “That is a Kamov Ka-52, Sir. Based on your designs. They will be in missile range in less than two minutes.”
James glares at Bruce like he’s just said the dumbest thing he’s ever heard. James was clearly telling the truth when he said a lot of things seems stupid to him now.
“Fine.  You know what?  I’m gonna leave your asses wondering.  It’s going to keep you up at night.  What would Clint have named his sex tape?  You’ll be tossing and turning and wishing you knew!”
The television turns on and Tony watches as Steve dims the lights then watches Tony sleep.  It’s probably overly intrusive to view the feed, but... well, he’s not known for his restraint in these things and there’s only JARVIS here to judge him.  And let’s be real: this is waaaay low on the list of weird things JARVIS has seen.
“We’ll know it worked when he wakes up,” Bruce points out. “If he doesn’t wake up-- it didn’t work.”
It’s a quiet skate off the ice, and an even quieter walk down the hall to the locker room. Tony doesn’t say a word as he strips, showers, then changes into a suit for his postgame interview. Losing sucks. Losing to Steve sucks worse.
He wonders if Steve had gotten to the point where memories of Bucky no longer hurt him, before all this shit got stirred up. If Steve had thought fondly of his friend when he remembered their times together. And how awful it must feel to have Bucky’s body back with someone new inside. Someone who wants nothing to do with Steve.
James gives his head a slight shake then sits down on the wooden porch to wait. Bruce isn’t sure if it’s because he doesn’t trust him, or if he just doesn’t want to go in the house alone. Regardless, Bruce pulls out his phone and pulls up Clint’s number. It only rings once and then Clint is on the line.
“It’s a gesture,” Tony says, waving toward the jet.  “A grand one.  I show up, take you anywhere in the world.  Fourteen-year-old-me gives me a mental high five when I kiss you somewhere over the Atlantic.  It’s a hell of a first date.”
“I’m good with sharing a bed,” Steve interrupts, looking nothing but amused at Tony’s attempt at repairing his overstep.  “And tearing this bed apart sounds like a promising way to spend the afternoon.  Seeing James was... rough.”
Bucky leans in to tackle-kiss Clint as the beer (that Tony hadn’t seen anyone order) arrives.  There’s a tray of fries, too, on a giant communal platter, and they’re smothered in cheese and bacon and ranch dressing.  Tony hasn’t seen anything like it since college, and that was always on other people’s tables.
“My grandchildren are all big hockey fans. I don’t know that you two are the best role models, but they’d still want to see this.”
What Steve can’t avoid is Tony’s wrath.  It’s a day later when Stark turns up in the gym wearing a sharp business suit and shoes that are perfectly shined.  He’s wearing sunglasses, too, though he pulls them off when he speaks.
“No. The NDA. You said your assistant drew them up for you and that you always made people sign them. Where’s mine?”
“No casualties,” JARVIS says through the speakers of the phone.  “Though the drones have contained and subdued Hammer’s staff.”
“You’re a Google pro,” Clint corrects.  “Got it.  Fair warning, don’t look at my search history while you’re in there, unless you want to see porn. My tastes run a ways past vanilla so view at the risk of your virtue. And pick something for Bruce while you’re looking. A hairstyle, I mean. Pick out hair, not porn,” Clint clarifies.
“It’s not right, you still feel like that,” James says. “Bruce is a good listener. You should talk to him.”
“Wouldn’t end things without a reason,” Tony said quietly.  “I lied.  To her.  To everyone.  I did take a woman back to my room.  We drank.  We talked.  But I didn’t cheat.  No matter how drunk I was I couldn’t.”
“Good game,” Howard says, swatting Tony on the shoulder as he walks past. “That’s what I like to see out there.”
People know Tony’s in rehab.  People know Steve’s been spotted up there dozens of times.  But apart from a few internet rumors, no one has put together the exact nature of why Steve visits.  The general consensus is that he’s up there to try and gain access to the Iron Man suit.  After what Tony had said about him, it’s too much to believe that Steve could be so forgiving.  But Steve trusts Mae with his privacy.  She’s never been anything but supportive.
“It’s still malfunctioning,” James says finally, leaning back on his hands and staring up at the ceiling. He sounds defeated.
shoot me.  And he didn’t leave me in a holding cell to rot.  He’s a good man.  I wouldn’t tell you he was if he wasn’t.”
It leads to more stories about Tony, and Steve finds out things from Pepper that have never appeared in any SHIELD file on Stark.  Steve had no idea that Tony’s designed more third-world accessible medical technology than whole universities put together.  Or that on occasion he puts on his full Iron Man gear to visit the children’s cardiology ward and walk around making all the patients honorary Avengers. Good Morning New York had certainly made no mentions of the 3D printed limbs Tony’s developed for injured soldiers, or that Stark Industries provides them free of cost.
“I’m going to roll this up,” he says, gesturing to the material at James’s ankle. “If you need me to stop what I’m doing at any time, say so.”
Clint speaks in Russian, and while Bruce can’t understand it, it’s calm and steady sounding.  Clint stays very still until James’s body slumps more heavily against the post and he lowers the scissors entirely. When that happens, Clint moves to stand.
“It’d be a little late for that now,” Tony points out. “And I trust you. I thought about it, after the first time you came over. I realized that you were the kind of person I could see wanting around more often. And for it to work-- it couldn’t be something I was enforcing with paper. It just seemed... draining.”
“I’m bi,” Tony says. “It’s just never come up in the news because before I even think of asking a man back to my hotel room he’s got to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement that would give Rumplestiltskin a hard-on. I’m pretty sure they’d owe me their firstborn child or something if they broke it. I’ve never actually read it beginning to end, but since my PA, Pepper, put it together I’m gonna guess it’s brutal.”
“I don’t care who you’re sleeping with,” Steve says, trying to keep his tone polite.  He turns from the punching bag to give Tony his full attention.  “If someone’s going to act like an asshole I’m going to treat them like an asshole.  In any century.”
Steve’s known Tony Stark for a few months, and he’s still not sure how he feels about him.  As Iron Man, he’s competent.  Not exactly enthusiastic about the team dynamic, but he shows up, and he does the job.
And in the second half of the season, the team can’t afford that. Maybe if the NHL was still around. Things were more lenient then. But that’s not the case with the World Hockey League. The WHL system is brutal and a screw up mid-season can have a ripple effect all the way to the end. The Brooklyn Stars can’t afford even the tiniest slip in concentration.
Still, Tony is a professional and he plasters on a smile like he owns the place (because hey, he does, yay!) and follows the directions Jarvis gave him.  Two rights, a left, and then Bruce.
It’s not a lie.  He would never leave a teammate behind bars to fend for themselves.  It’s just not the full extent of the truth, and everything in his mannerisms gives that away.
When they finally pull up to the rehab’s security gate, Steve’s prayer stops.  He gives Tony’s name to the guard as well as his own.  The man doesn’t bat an eye.  They’re allowed through and Steve pulls ahead to a small gravel parking lot next to a large, elaborate mansion.  It looks like something built in the gilded age, all nooks and angles and gables.  There are porch swings, too, and a garden.  If it were a bed and breakfast, it’d be somewhere Steve would like to stay for quite a while.
“Still working on it,” Tony says.  “If all else fails, ban the quinjet from the roof till the last ones hatch and the whole family moves on to greener pastures, I guess.”
“One’s got skin and one’s got metal. That seem complicated to you?” James asks. His eyes flicker up to Bruce’s face and he looks almost amused.
“The next batch should be done in a few minutes,” Tony says. “Come down to the lab. You can try one there.”
“Not at the moment,” Bruce says. “James-- I’d like to officially introduce you to Natasha Romanoff and Sam Wilson. Natasha got us off the mountain and Sam kept you alive while I was melting down.”
“Damn right I’m protective,” Steve says. “It was all I could do not to snap Justin Hammer’s neck that night. I broke a very expensive table and I didn’t even apologize.”
Tony knows he’s rambling but the whole conversation went from funny banter to asking Steve if he wants to share a bed a little more quickly than Tony’d intended, and yes, okay, he’s panicking a little.
How Clint can see through the smoke and the dirt and the distance is a mystery, but Tony’s got his own eyes up in the sky and JARVIS speaks through his phone a moment later.
“We’re 2 hours out from New York,” Natasha says. “He won’t wake up before we land. We should be worrying about where we’re going to put down.”
When Dr. Gerber brings up the importance of equality in a relationship one last time, Tony loses his patience entirely.
Steve’s expression softens a little.  “I think I should probably take a look at the paper before we continue this conversation or all your self-discipline is going to be for naught.”
Bucky tilts his head down slightly, making his blue eyes grow wide and he leans more weight on one leg, and sticks a hand in his pocket which is just doing things for his physique that seem entirely unfair. Barnes is a menace.
“Subtle,” Bruce remarks. He glances at James who looks... concerned. “I know it looks odd but I’m sure it’s safe. And no one knows we’re here.”
“Clint and me are on uniform procurement then,” Bucky says.  “Steve, get them IDs.  The printers in the shed can handle whatever we need.”
“It’s more of a safety issues than anything else,” Steve explained. “People get crushed because there’s sort of a swarm. We’re fine if someone inside the cafe takes a picture. You don’t have to confiscate phones or anything.”
Bruce winces, but he gets what James is doing.  Provoking the threat out of Tony rather than wait around and have a threat surprise him.  Bruce has been known to do the same thing-- the first time he met Natasha comes to mind.
James closes his eyes and lets his head fall back against the cushions. “Do what you want. I don’t fuckin’ care.”
“Maybe at first,” Bruce says. “But we wouldn’t leave you in pain. We won’t stop tweaking things until you’re entirely comfortable.”
“When you get back up here you can have some cookies with your coffee,” Nanna says, as Tony passes her.  “Clint can share.”
“He gave some guy an island once,” Clint says wistfully.  “I can’t believe he’s got that kind of cash to hand out and he
Tony ignores him and looks at the list more closely.  He can’t help but smile, because the whole list is horrifically unprofessional and hilariously awesome.
Steve smiles.  “Something like that,” he says fondly.  “Anyway, the two of you can naked science to your heart’s content if I’m ever around.  I won’t be scandalized.”
Tony has made a huge mistake. His phone is still in pieces back on the table in Steve’s apartment. No one knows where he is except the people in this car. A car that smells like tacos and dirt. Tacos and wet grave dirt, more precisely, and that is exactly how Tony will describe it when he is (inevitably, miserably) rehashing this ordeal with the NYPD.
“I’ll have Jarvis send you a compilation video of all the shitty things I’ve said about you in the last six weeks.  You should play it a couple of times a night.  You’ll get over me, just fine.”
“The first suggestion is that you sit with your right hand resting on your knee for a few minutes. You have a lot of practicing identifying areas of malfunction; I’m not as sure that you have practice noticing the...” Bruce lets out a sigh of his own, because again-- this is where Tony starts tossing words in. “Noticing the nuances of pain,” Bruce continues. “And your hand on your knee may guide your brain to a tangible place of focus. Maybe. Or I might be talking out my ass, because this suddenly feels a lot like I’m talking out my ass.”
Tony nods.  “I don’t think you know what you’re in for, but sure I’ll give it a go.  Under one condition.”
“If something else is wrong, we’ll fix it,” Bruce assures him. “Until then, I’ve got a weapon for you.”
What’s new is the way Tony tilts up his face and pushes forward the inch or two so that their lips meet.
For a few seconds he forgets Tony is even in the room until Tony reaches over and puts a hand on Steve’s knee.
“Point taken, though I always heard it as sleeping dogs,” Bruce says. “I guess bears makes more sense, now that I think about it. Either way, you’re right.”
“Nothing to see here, folks,” Tony says in a voice that carries across the room.  The look he’s giving Steve is murderous.  “We’ve all had too much to drink.  Time to go home.”
“Stand down, soldier,” Clint orders. “You’re fully functional. We don’t need a mission report.” That doesn’t do anything to erase the murder eyes James is giving him and Clint tries again. “You’re field ready. At ease.”
Bruce is struck by the depth of James’s frustration. Either James was put on ice and left to heal when he couldn’t remember what healing felt like, or he’d been forced to endure missions while in pain. Either way, it’s yet another example of the shitty treatment he's endured for most of his life and it's left him with no understanding of physical recovery and what it entails.
“I don’t need a nanny to get me ready and out of the house,” Tony insists. “Dad can go fuck himself.”
Steve does, though the noise from the street is loud and distracting, and people are edging closer because apparently Avengers get no privacy at all.  If this is bad news he can’t do this here.  He just can’t.
“This isn’t because of the loss,” Tony begins. “Both teams played hard and I’m proud of our effort. I’m proud of my own effort. This isn’t about that. I just think it’s time. Time to learn to live a life outside of hockey. Time to coach my niece through her junior hockey years and to spend time with the people who mean the most to me. Time to get my priorities in order.”
“I thought so too,” Shayla continues.  “Like-- I’m not trying to be rude or be all TMI, but it’s not just the scars up by the... light.  The scars go all the way down to... you know.”
“These guys are no joke,” Bucky adds. “And for this kind of money they’re gonna show up at your doorstep in droves.”
Tony nods, and fiddles with a panel on the back of his jeep.  Two showers pop out of the top, one on either side.
“I think so, yeah, definitely,” Tony’s ex-girlfriend giggles.  She’s smiling like a sycophant.  Steve has no charitable thoughts for this woman.  “It was really disappointing actually, after everything I’d heard.  But I guess you’d need to get one of his old girlfriends in here if you want to have a before and after look at his performance.  We can compare notes.  It could be like a slumber party!”
“I never... I never knew you thought that,” Steve says helplessly.  He tries to replay a hundred different moments in his head at once.  A hundred different confrontations and conversations and sideways glances.  “I’m sorry.  Shit, I’m sorry.  That was never my intention.  I thought you knew.  Everyone else on the team knows.”
“I’ve got a head injury,” Tony says, carefully sitting up and then leaning back against the platform.  “Humor me.”
Why had he agreed to stay behind?  He could have gone.  It was his jet, his money funding all these adventures, Iron Man would be the best suited to take down Barnes if something was really wrong.  Natasha had come to him first, before she'd gone to Steve.  Tony could have at least offered to go with her.  He hadn't.
Tony laughs.  “Yeah... if we’re doing the confession thing, then so do I.  Give myself points I mean.”
A flash of silver whips toward Bruce as blood begins to gush from James’s wound. Clint throws himself between James’s arm and Bruce’s body, knocking Bruce backward as Clint’s side takes the full force of impact. He lands heavily on Bruce’s legs, barely missing the blade Bruce drops in surprise. A foot away, James rolls to all fours, coughing and choking, and scrambles for the weapon. He picks it up and lunges for Clint, who manages a sharp kick to James’s injured side.
What Bruce does know is that fussing over James like a child is infantilizing, so he’s just going to chill the fuck out and give him some space. James can fly a jet; he can figure out water knobs and a bathtub stopper.
“And look.  I know you’ve got no reason to believe me,” Clint adds, as he sits back down at the table, “But I am giving you my word-- no one’s putting you back in that chair.  I would kill to keep you out of that chair.  Hell, I would
“You’re right. Not my best plan. What about we fire up a laser when you get back and burn it onto the moon instead?”
“I do this every time.  I take good people and I break them.  I make them snap. It’s always the same.”
“Sounds reasonable.  And he’s not alone,” Tony reminds him.  “Bruce is there, so the HYDRA concern goes down a couple hundred notches.  No one’s getting past the Hulk.”
“Sir,” JARVIS’s voice over-rides the music Tony’s got turned up in his office.  His thoughts and the volume drop to simultaneous, eerie silence.  “There is an emergency in Switzerland.  Dr. Banner requires assistance and an emergency evacuation.  I am assisting him now.”
Steve makes a V with his fingers and then points from his own eyes to Bucky then Clint, in the universal sign for
He tightens his arms around Tony and breathes him in.  Wills this moment to see them through forever.
Tony shoulders sag in relief.  He grabs for the counter to support himself and Steve rushes to his side, to steady him and then to hug him.  He holds Tony tight and doesn’t mind how the wet seeps through his shirt.  He doesn’t plan on letting Tony go any time soon.
100 - Unknown Awesome (Photographic proof required.)  (No sex tapes.) (SERIOUSLY NO SEX TAPES CLINT.)
He hadn’t played Tony’s team in those two weeks between the news breaking and Steve’s suspension from his team, but Tony has a reputation for being an asshole. best case scenario is that they manage to ignore each other all night. He’s really not in the mood to take any shit from anyone and after punching Rumlow, Steve isn’t going to make it back on the team this season if he gets into it with Stark.
“He was gonna die for me on that helicarrier,” James says. “Do you have any idea how confusing that was?  I just spent 70 years of no one giving one single fuck about my life except that I was useful, I guess.  Then that punk shows up, I’m tryin’ to kill him, and he wouldn’t fight me. He didn’t want to hurt me. It was like-- like a broken piece of code. It caused an error. Once the error started I couldn’t make it stop.”
Sometimes Tony gets a bit of cold comfort in knowing that the man who’d killed his parents had paid a price for it.  Paid a price 100 times over and would probably continue paying that price for the rest of his life.
“He’s taking them to school,” Bruce says, once Tony turns back around to write a few more calculations on the board. “Ten years ahead of our time is still twenty years behind Tony...”
“You aren’t upset?” Pepper asks. “We didn’t want to tell you while you were still in rehab because that was supposed to be about you. Your recovery. Your healing.”
The video goes to black as Dum-E tries to mimic the peace sign action and the camera drops one last time.
“They’re pulling into the server lot now.  They’re gonna have to shut off their transmissions to keep from giving anything away.  Us, too.  Radio silence in 3... 2... 1.”
Tony had never seen so many victory GIFS. Or eggplant emojis. Clint has infinite amounts of creativity stored up for just this sort of occasion.
“You fellas need a ride?” Natasha asks as she walks down the ramp and then stops next to them so she can lay the stretcher down next to James.
“If you’re the sort of person who’s noticing all this, I think it’s a good sign for what kind of person you are. I can’t say I’m the best judge, though. By any standard, if I was a decent person I’d figure out a way to kill myself. I even tried once, but it didn’t take.”
He texts Steve.  Or actually he composes a text, changes it twenty times, bangs his head against his desk because he’s garbage at this, deletes the texts, writes a new text, and then presses send before he can talk himself out of it.  All for:
“I’ve done an awful damn lot,” Steve snaps.  His words come out loud.  Frustrated.  “And believe it or not, I don’t wake up every morning hoping to pick a fight with you.  Whatever I did that pissed you off, if you’d just tell me--”
Steve's blood runs cold.  He was in show business long enough to know exactly what he's watching.  It might seem impromptu, but this whole bit is as contrived as if it's been scripted.  No doubt Shayla's going to have a book coming out soon, or a fragrance, or an album.  Something.  And this-- this whole act-- is just her way of prolonging her fifteen minutes of fame into something slightly more marketable.  At Tony’s expense.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce whispers, wrinkling his forehead in troubled concentration as he takes a deep breath to steady his hand then drives the knife into James’s side, removing it just as quickly as he shoved it in.
“Nothing,” Steve says.  “Or something, I guess.  It’s a code she and Barton use.  She didn’t tell me what it means.”
Rhodey laughs. “Not incest. I thank God every single day that we aren’t related. Come on. Get up. You’ve got to go to this thing. You’ve got to show the world that last week was a blip on the road to recovery. You’ve been sober for more than a year, Tones. One slip up doesn’t have to ruin everything you’ve worked for.”
“Is this even considered the boondocks, or was that like twenty miles back the other direction?” Clint asks.
The food is pretty good, so buffet trips are plentiful. They still manage never to get within 10 feet of each other. At least until they are straight-up wrangled by a bossy old woman that barely comes up to Steve’s chest into getting a picture together with her. She grabs Steve by the hand and drags him over to Tony’s side.
These are Tony’s first three thoughts upon waking. He lays there for a few minutes trying to will himself back to oblivion. When that doesn’t work he tries to move, but Steve is heavy against him, and all dead weight.
Tony listens to the brief directions and commits them to memory as he takes the elevator down half a dozen floors.
“It doesn’t involve Tony either,” Clint adds. “Not until James can say whether or not he'll allow it.  Sorry, Tony-- that whole murdering your parents is a brain fuck, any way you turn it over.”
“Get some rest,” Natasha insists. “You don’t have to sneak out like you did something wrong. Steve wants you here, and so do we.”
He’s still on his knees, and he’s glaring at Tony like he honesty believes Tony’s hiding these answers to be a dick.  Like somehow Tony’s the key to making it all make sense.   Which is utter bullshit, because Tony’s flying just as blind as the rest of them.
The holy shit has Bruce spinning around in alarm, since Clint’s not the most flappable guy around. But it’s nothing bad... just James. And James doesn’t even look particularly menacing. He’s standing there in plaid pajama bottoms and no shirt. The most intimidating part of him is his metal arm and his metal hand is clutching dirty clothes so not a gun at least.
Steve watches as Tony begins to speak, though the scrolling text at the bottom of the screen explains everything Steve needs to know.
“I’ve wanted you since that night you told Sean off for forcing the gag on me.  There you were, Captain fucking America, back from the dead, and as good and righteous as every story I ever heard.”  Tony sounds wrecked.  Haunted.  “You were the perfect person for me to want because you were never going to want me back.  I could daydream about you and it was going to hurt indefinitely because you would never be interested and that’s what I deserve.  And then you had to go and be bi.  Which-- thanks for head’s up, by the way.  It felt great finding that out three years after everyone else.”
“I hope,” Tony says, sounding a little agitated. “There’s a lot to sort out first. It will probably be a few weeks. And I know... I mean, I don’t know actually. What you want. About... the tower. Living. Arrangements.”
“Ugh, you’re making it really hard to resent you,” Tony sighs, pulling away from Steve’s arm and letting out a groan of exasperation.  “And shit-- my ass fell asleep.  And here at least I thought I could make a dignified exit.”
Steve climbs out of the car first, so he’s the one who gets the first set of gasps.  Flashbulbs go off by the dozens.  Justin, who is still up at the microphone pauses, then tilts his head in frustration as Tony emerges behind Steve.  For a man who can smarmily smile through just about anything, that’s practically a scream.
Clint’s forehead is creased with worry and for the first time it occurs to Bruce that this is the kind of injury that could end a career for an archer.  And maybe more worryingly, Natasha is staring at Bruce like she’s never seen him before.  Like watching the interaction between him and Clint is something new and strange.
“They’re going to print lies about you,” Tony warns.  “They always do.  They’re going to say you’re gay.  That we’re together.  Probably that I was blowing you in here.”
Steve looks skeptical as he opens a dresser and begins to pull out an assortment of clothes.  “You might be the first person to ever think so.”
“You’re here telling me the one time everyone thought you’d cheated in the past you hadn’t,” Steve says.
“You’re only making it worse,” Tony laughs. “You should probably clean that up before you make your sexy video. Which is for what exactly?”
Bruce considers his response for a minute then sends a GIF of a happy cat going down a slide over and over and over. Some day he and Tony need to talk about James. That day is not today.
“Bruce, buddy? Talk to me, big guy. I’m looking at these scans and we’ve got some work to do. I’m right here. Listen to my voice.  Focus on my words. You’ve got this, okay?  I know you, and you’ve got this.”
