He settled in his chair and shoved his backpack under the table. As he looked up again, he noticed a figure he didn’t recognise sitting in the seat in front of him.
“How i’ da fucgh did you wroofie Victah an’way?”
A voice came over some sort of megaphone, informing the assembled of St Bart’s victory, thirty five to thirty two, thanking supporters for their attendance, giving commiserations to the bitter Boscombe players, but it was all white noise. All Sherlock could see was John, lit up with joy, radiant, glowing, enveloped by and enveloping his teammates in fierce embraces, laughing.
John didn’t bother asking about how Sherlock acquired the book – he was sure it wasn’t from the school library. He let his upper torso drop back down onto the mattress and closed his eyes, just for a few moments, just to rest them.
“It’s fine,” John said.
Sherlock snorted. “Nice to know you hold me in such high esteem.”
Mrs Hudson clicked her tongue and soon got them plating ravioli, and John felt contentment warm his skin.
slid into
John had to stop himself giving into the vague anger pushing a response onto the tip of his tongue. Instead, he said, “Look, I know Sherlock can be a little shit at times, but I think tonight it would be best for us to leave you in peace.”
“I would like it if you were a little more enthusiastic, Sherlock,” Viola said. “This could be fun.”
John sighed.
“You can do it, Sherlock,” Mind palace John said quietly, and Sherlock closed his eyes.
“How about yours, Johnny?” John’s mother asked.
Once the conversation had moved on, John turned to look at Sherlock to find that he had left. He glanced around the garden, but couldn’t see him. His gaze was caught by Mike, who mouthed the word
“Fuck off! He snogged a boy, that’s pretty bloody gay to me.”
“I’m glad you didn’t see that. That was unspeakably undignified.” He muttered, gingerly getting to his feet.
“John – ”
“Oddly enough, no,” John replied, trying to keep his voice as light as possible.
John couldn’t think of anything to say, so he excused himself for a moment to find their discarded beers. They were where they’d left them on the side of the piano, and when he returned to Sherlock, the television was showing the BBC coverage of the London New Year’s Eve fireworks. The presenter was chatting to various spectators, and John handed Sherlock his bottle. His friend smiled at him, and John felt himself return the gesture.
“Do you just… keep that lit?” she asked, turning to him.
John blinked open his eyes at the form which had planted itself on his stomach.
John shook his head, his gaze finding something in the middle distance. “One second I was on a bench, the next I was in the changing room, wearing that - that vest, and the earpiece was already in my ear. He told me my instructions and I carried them out. I didn’t see another soul apart from you.” Sherlock sighed, mind already turning itself upside down. But John spoke again. “I did recognise the voice, though,” he added. “It was Richie. Richie Brook.”
“But – aren’t mascots, like, animals?” John replied, utterly bewildered by the boy who was now having almost every inch of visible skin painted with the house colours.
“Yeah. Yeah, definitely.”
John was struggling to keep up, but shook the man’s slightly clammy hand anyway.
Sherlock was standing near the door of the toilet with police tape draped around it, speaking to an officer. John caught his eye. Sherlock discretely held up a finger –
“Mm?” John replied.
The next morning at registration, a thick-necked boy from the upper sixth got up and made an announcement about the house swimming competition being the next Tuesday.
The other lower sixth fended off the swarming thirteen-year-olds as John set to making the drinks.
“Oh,” John said in surprise. “Hey,”
“How do you feel about a trip to the art block?” Sherlock called over his shoulder.
John heard Harry and Clara leave the house; heard Harry return. She came up the stairs, got into the shower.
“You know so?”
John had texted him about it before it had actually happened, regretting agreeing and moaning to him, much to Sherlock’s exasperation.
“And? You’re fucking high!” John hissed, glancing about the foyer lest someone overhear.
“Why?”
didn’t need to have known the details of, but remembered in irritating clarity all the same.
“No, John, don’t be stupid,” Sherlock argued half-heartedly.
In a very short amount of time, Harry and John were having a wrapping paper fight, throwing the rubbish at each other while their mother laughed.
“Christ, okay, I get it,” John said, making a face. “Go on. Not about the fing- just – carry on.”
He looked out onto snow so white that he had to squint. He felt like he’d just stepped into a Christmas card, or into the North Pole.
The man looked surprised to see them, but he held out his hand and smiled at them as if they were old friends.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat. He ran up the length of the pool as John ripped the earpiece off his head. He collapsed to his knees in front of John, grabbing at the wires on the vest.
“It was kind of funny, because Sherlock twisted out of Ollie’s arms and smoothed his jacket down like some regal ponce, and then he just walked out like nothing had happened. We didn’t see him again ‘til the next morning, no idea where he’d been all night,”
“No… I had no idea."
“Harry?” John called as his sister began to walk away. “Not too much alcohol, yeah? Don’t do anything stupid.”
Spending so much time in a character’s dreams is probably a really lazy plot device but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“Can I help you?” he asked, eyes cold.
“So go with your rugby friends,” Sherlock countered with an audible pout, as the group of students dispersed.
“Oh.” During their conversation, Sherlock had been preparing slides of the gunk that was in the numerous Petri dishes, and now he settled at his desk, back poker straight, and studied them closely under the microscope. John watched him with interest.
John wondered if Mike was speaking from experience. Maybe he wasn't as innocent as John had previously thought.
“As far as I was aware,” he said, “we hadn’t decided on a suit yet. Or, at least, I hadn’t - perhaps you thought differently.”
Sherlock sighed. “Irrelevant. I’m actually in the middle of - ”
“No. In the past, I have informed the police of my hypotheses about particular cases, but apparently, breaking into a police station is illegal.”
“Um, sure…” Sherlock found himself saying, two filler words which he absolutely abhorred, but somehow nothing else would come out.
John was thinking about the previous night. His memories blurred into one another, laughter, music, more laughter.
, was something else.
“Thank you for your time,” Sherlock said, tapping John lightly and moving away, John hurriedly following suit.
Just as he was debating whether he would prefer to die of frostbite or snow avalanche, his attention was caught by the sound of an engine. He craned his neck to see past the shelter and managed to catch sight of a small red car making its way down the road – and was he imagining things, or was it slowing down?
John sat up. “Right then, don’t bother getting too settled here, because we’re going out.”
Said younger brother had the good grace not to glare at the audience. His eyes flicked to John’s once, and then Mycroft sat and Sherlock focused.
He kept his eyes on the faint lines in her skin, on her greying roots.
John watched Sherlock closely. His face was a calm mask of composure and concentration.
“Sherlock?” his voice wavered. “Sherlock? Sherlock, please – ”
, John admonished himself.
“The teachers… vary. Like in all schools, I guess. And so do the pupils,”
“Anthea?” he called. “Shit. Where’s the light switch…” he fumbled about on the wall. His hands found a switch and flicked it on.
Sherlock had told him not to bother with a gift, but John’s steps faltered as he passed a twenty-four hour supermarket.
bloody
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I didn’t cut it off with the intention of examining them – a word usage I contest, by the way – ”
“Sherlock was transferred to the school’s san about a week and a half later. He didn’t get any visitors apart from me, Molly and Lestrade. Lestrade brought him school work, which I think he appreciated more than Molly’s flasks of coffee and tubs of cakes. Whenever we went to see him, his bed would be blanketed with newspapers, and he’d look so indignant that he was still there, and he’d ask for all of this random information and weird details about people, like what the librarian had had for lunch the other day, or where the cleaners left the laundry detergent on Thursday. It was quite funny, and we knew better than to ask why he wanted to know all that stuff. We got the results of the HIV tests they did at the hospital - because of the syringes, you know - but luckily, he was fine.
“They could be lying,” John tried, but Sherlock was gone before he could finish the sentence. “Fuck,” he cursed quietly, going back to fiddling with the knots.
“Good,” he heard Sherlock say to himself, and John opened an eye tentatively, lest Sherlock get annoyed. But Sherlock had rocked back onto his feet again and did not get annoyed, so John opened the other one.
“It’s very nice to meet you.”
“Oh - nothing. I, um, just wondered if you knew who Sherlock was taking to the ball?”
“Put this on,” he instructed, before reaching into John’s sports bag and chucking John a pair of trainers. “These too.”
“I came close,” Sherlock muttered, before bounding up the stairs.
“Bargain, if you ask me,” John said, and then they were being lifted again, and turned so that they could see John again. “You should see the sunrises though, they are – ”
“And?”
“Fuck,” swore John, fumbling for his phone. He read the news notification. “Marylebone, fuck... That’s right in the middle of the west end, there will have been so many people there…”
“We should probably, uh, head up,” John said, straightening up. Sherlock nodded.
Twenty.
“You’re early.” Sherlock stated.
Without thinking, Sherlock unfurled his arm, reached down and lightly swept the fringe to one side. Then froze.
“Oh,” John said as he took in the new information. “Right.” It seemed Sherlock’s radius of influence was wider than he’d first thought.
Their mum’s eyes flickered open. John watched as she focused, as her eyes travelled up to meet his. Her mouth cracked, slowly splitting to reveal a smile he knew so well – there was so much Harry in that smile. Or was there so much mum in Harry’s smile? John didn’t know if there was a difference anymore.
“Hey, you don’t look too great yourself!” John countered teasingly, before realising what the reason might be. “Oh, Sherlock,” he said under his breath.
“Coming?” asked Sherlock, getting up from his desk.
John sighed and put the glasses down on the coffee table and Sherlock felt two hands gripping his ankles and lifting his legs up. John sat down where Sherlock’s feet had been and laid said feet across his lap.
“What time is it?” he mumbled.
“Every night?” She looked concerned.
“Mhmm,” Sherlock said, watching John swerve and dodge a player trying to tackle him. The game had been going for what felt like eons, but – Sherlock checked his watch – had only been thirty five minutes.
There is some French in this chapter; to read the translations, you will need to hover over the words with a mouse.
“Well – yes, but not as thoroughly as I’d’ve liked because the door opened. So I ran to the toilet cubicles and hung up on you. Mr Davies came in and told me to leave, so I did. And now I’m outside. The ambulance just left but its sirens weren’t on.”
He poured his heart and soul into dinner that night, taking extra time with making sure everything was perfect. But when he sat down to eat with his mother and Harry, he found that it all tasted like paper in his mouth. He left most of it untouched and went to get changed.
“We shall see about that,” John replied, triumphant.
“Oh, hi, there, John,” Anderson said, and John didn’t like his tone. “Loved your piece in the Herald about Bradstreet’s pets.”
“Do you know where the supply closet is?”
“Was he good looking?” Eric asked, and everyone looked at him. “What? Is that not something you’d ask if we were talking about a girl?”
He let out a stream of bubbles and opened his eyes, tilting his head to watch them fleeing upwards. The oily black water around him was cool against his skin as he uncrossed his legs and let himself follow them.
Sherlock was bumping his suitcase down the stairs, mind full of Doyle, when Mycroft swanned into the hall.
“Really?” Said John, unconvinced. “I was thinking of trying it out at the san.”
He locked his phone again and sat back in his chair, eavesdropping a little on the conversations that had broken out around him. They seemed only to have one subject.
John felt each movement of the bow, each press of Sherlock’s fingers on the strings. Felt the pull of something he didn’t quite understand. Felt his feet on a cliff’s edge.
Victor looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at the approaching John, then back at Sherlock, then back to John, before his eyes settled on Sherlock’s, a grin spreading across his face. “No,” he laughed. “No way.”
The soft, strong sound of Sherlock’s violin made John smile to himself. He abandoned all pretence of revising and drew one knee up to his chest, resting his chin on it and casting his glance over to where Sherlock was playing in front of the window. The sun had only just set, silhouetting Sherlock against the silken light pushing past the branches of the old oak and in through their window.
“Mmm.”
Warning for explicit descriptions of parental death and road traffic accidents, from the very beginning until the sentence "“Go back to sleep, John.”"
“Good,” John said, and smiled. “Anyway, you trust me, right?”
And Sherlock was coming over in a few hours.
The next performance was Green’s, and it lived up to the teaser John had been given in his maths lesson earlier that day. Hugely overdramatic and performed with comic solemnity, it had John simultaneously in stitches and singing along to
“How you been, man? How’s the new school?”
Just when John thought he really was about to lose his mind with boredom, the ceremony ended. The sun was high in the cloudless sky and the worst part of the day was over. Moriarty had not looked their way when the senior staff had filed out. A faint smell of barbecue was drifting over the air. John gave in to the temptation to relax a little, yellow circles and necklaces and cindered pets feeling a million miles away.
indeed,” John said, then they fell back into silence.
“I’m fine, John, get off,” Eric said, trying to shake the hand off, but in doing so nearly walked into a wall.
“Thank you, Molly,” Sherlock said, going to exit the room but stopping when his phone chimed in his pocket. He got it out and checked something. “Aha,” he said, holding it out for John to see. The screen displayed an email conversation.
“What did you do?”
Harry cleared her throat and stood. “I think I’m going to go to Clara’s. Get ready for tonight,” she said to John.
“Yes, small movement in the corner of my eye in biology, at lunch, in here – annoying!”
Angelica shakily sat up. “I swim,” she said with a confused expression. “Why?”
“They’re - I don’t think they’d be too interested. Why do you ask, am I inconveniencing you?”
Suddenly, there was the sound of feet slapping against tile, and John turned just in time to see Sherlock run and throw himself into the pool, at the last minute curving his body so that he hit the surface in a lazy dive.
“Once, with Molly,” John whispered.
“And I thought private schools were supposed to educate the elite,” John grumbled as he scrubbed at his cheek with a flannel.
“Half full, I think,” Sherlock mumbled.
“It’s like…” John began, remembering a day he’d spent with his mother at the vets when he’d been young, one of those ‘bring your child to work days’, remembering her giving a cat an injection, between the shoulders, at the base of its neck. “Like someone gave it an injection.”
John took a step back. “You have never heard our great country’s second national anthem?”
“You think M has no way to access that information?”
“Have you ever been drunk?”
“Are you alright John?” John realised he had tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hair and uncurled his fist.
He crouched down as John began to spray the piece, wanting to look closer at the pencil strokes and the smudges of charcoal.
John looked up at the expletive, and Sherlock looked at the floor.
“I used to want to be a pirate when I was younger,” Sherlock said, going to sit cross-legged on the sofa. “Around the time the first film came out coincided with the zenith of my piratical obsessions, so I convinced Mrs Hudson to take me to see it at the cinema.”
He hated saying those words to that cold stone, because sometimes he’d catch himself hearing a reply.
And it was the
Of course, he was going to have to learn to trust these boys with time – common sense told him that he couldn't leave school every weekend to go to therapy and lie about it every single time. Despite his conviction to not get too close to these boys, he knew he had to tell them. Perhaps not wanting to get close to them would work in his favour anyway - if they reacted badly, he would have lost nothing. So, he took a breath, and took the leap.
“Because I filled his shoes with pond water.”
A pause.
John stifled a laugh. So the clueless man who had let Muhammad leave his lesson and never come back was this tiny boy’s uncle.
vith my ruler?’ And of course Glen got out of bed, strode over to Sherlock, stood two inches away from him and said,” Here the Scottish accent reappeared, “'Do you want to repeat that for me?’ And Sherlock just replied, ‘I suggest you buy your own stationery in the future,’ and that’s all it took to push Glen over the edge.
“Did your mother look much like her?” John said, surprising himself by asking.
“Talking about me?” came a voice from the doorway, and John turned around to see Sherlock entering the room, carrying his violin and an expression that was deadpan save for the eyes, those eyes that held that familiar glint of humour that was so easy to miss if you didn’t know what you were looking for. But John had a compass, and the needle never wavered.
Sherlock waited until he had heard his family go to bed before tiptoeing into the bathroom.
Fifty three.
He stood in front of the door of the last cubicle and listened.
, Sherlock, don’t be so fucking boring!”
At the end of the song, John looked over at his friend, and there were the beginnings of a smile in his expression. While Dickens took their seats and Frank got up and disappeared backstage, John said, “That was better than I could ever have imagined.”
“No, we’ll be fine.”
“Sherlock – where’d you come from?”
Once John was able to take his focus off his feet, the realisation hit him fully. His best friend’s hand was resting on his waist, his own on said friend’s shoulder, and their free hands were intertwined, those arms extended ever so slightly.
They chatted until John was struggling to keep his eyes open. Sherlock told him about his aunt and the cake Mrs Hudson was hoping to enter into a competition in the village, and then he wasn’t saying much at all.
John batted his hands away and began undoing the buttons as quickly as his fingers would allow. Sherlock was beginning to shake when John had finished and discarded the shirt on the floor.
“Huh,” he said, feigning confusion, “this one doesn’t seem to be my size. How strange, Sherlock. I wonder if they gave us the wrong order?”
The deputy head stepped out onto the stage, microphone in hand. The cheering that began was deafening, which made John laugh, because –
“Yet?”
“The third Holmes sibling,” Sherlock said, and suddenly John remembered - remembered Richie Brook on the ground, Sherlock lying next to him, a conversation in the woods -
“What? What is it?” The boy hissed, and turned around, eyes raking over John, trying to find the mistake. John was pleased at how vexed he seemed to be at his own error. He drew out the pause before he revealed the answer for comedic dramatic effect, but he couldn't keep a creeping tinge of sadness from his tone.
“Don’t trust me,” Sherlock finished. John sighed. “I’m doing well, John. And besides, you made me make that stupid promise in the kitchen.”
John affirmed, and told his mother that she didn’t have to get up for them, she could stay, it was fine. John was always doing that, and Sherlock still hadn’t worked out why.
done,” John replied, opening up his school email account. He searched the address book for Kitty Riley. “What do you know about this Kitty, then? I don’t think I even know who she is.”
John was about to question what he meant when the door banged open to reveal Lestrade’s haggard face. “Sherlock bloody Holmes. You can’t let me have one easy day, can you?”
Amazon Prime (also free if you get a 30-day free trial, excellent quality, decent subtitles, not sure if available outside the UK): https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/video/detail/B07RFBZYMK/ref=atv_dp_share_cu_r
He pushed down a swelling tide of nerves, took a deep breath and braced one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck. The boy’s skin was icy and he was shaking like a leaf, but John positioned the syringe, took a breath, and pushed the trigger.
, Sherlock was saying.
The first time he’d seen it was when John was patching up Sherlock’s wounds after his first run-in with Anderson of the year, though he hadn’t realised it at the time. Then again in the image seared into his grey matter of Sherlock lying motionless on the rooftop. Then again in the pixels arranged into two words read as he walked away from his father’s graveside. And again, when he had woken up one night after a nightmare and noticed a smear of toothpaste on his roommate’s nose. And again, listening to him playing a wrong note on the violin in the small hours. And again, and again, and again. Over and over, John had witnessed the cracks in Sherlock’s wall and over and over he had wondered why others were so blind.
“Read it yourself,” Harry said, handing the paper back to him. “But basically, yeah.”
Sherlock was expecting a ‘thank you’ of some kind, as John had a tendency to do that sort of thing. But he didn’t receive one - not a verbal one, anyway. There, both of them with elbows on the windowsill, breath fogging up the glass, Sherlock realised that was gratitude, and that was enough.
“That was pretty fucking funny, though,” John said, and Sherlock laughed until he couldn’t breathe.
“Thanks,” John said, closing the door as Mike began to back away. “Bye.”
“Yes, but… yes. Okay. Fine. You win, I’ll tell you,” Sherlock leaned forward. “Don’t look so interested, this is my dad’s untimely end we’re talking about here.”
There was a pause in which Sherlock allowed Harry and her mother to get one last look at their son’s second home (because that’s what it is, really, now, isn’t it? Harry thought) before suggesting they go down to the pitch.
They all stood around Jingles.
He didn’t remember nodding off, but he must have done so, as the next thing he remembered was John nudging him with his feet beneath the duvets. The end credits scrolled past on the screen, and John had turned the volume down so the accompanying music was barely audible.
“Lottie.”
The leather was smooth but strong, supple but not too elastic. The detail stitched along the bottom and up the fingers was subtly elegant, and the colour was a flawless black sheen which caught the light like snake scales. John rubbed the lining with two fingers and raised his eyebrows in surprise, to Sherlock’s amusement.
John got out his phone to distract himself.
“Mm,” John replied, and picked up a scalpel.
A small smile tugged at his mouth as an idea popped into his mind.
Mike laughed. “I will. Bye, mate.”
A movement in the edge of his vision pulled him out of his head a little. John was drawing in the condensation on the window: a dot, another dot next to it, a bracket on its back underneath, a circle around those three components – a smiling face. John noticed Sherlock watching and smiled at him.
“I do. You don’t need to pay me for being his friend.”
They were on the coach. Sherlock hadn’t realised. They were standing in the aisle, and John had asked him a question.
The boys guiltily withdrew their hands and thanked John, who straightened up as the party retreated back down the path.
“Like you could do that,” Sherlock scoffed.
The deep escalators made John’s head spin, as always, and the Victorian tunnels channelled hot air into a rushing wind that swept John’s hair off his forehead, as always. On the crowded platform, John’s eye was caught by a group of girls about their age, talking with their heads very close together, giggling around their chewing gum, and looking at him and Sherlock. Specifically Sherlock.
“It was Jones. It was difficult to resist.” muttered Sherlock. “He is spectacularly dull.”
John was midway through the arduous task of dragging his misbehaving suitcase up the endless stairs of Doyle when he heard someone shout his name.
It seemed as if they had stayed together for a long stretch of time, but maybe she was an exception. But why, then, why was he unsuccessful now? If he had had such a stable relationship when he was, what, fifteen? Sixteen? Why was he fumbling now – now when he was older and wiser and probably better looking? John was dependable, caring, generous, funny – all the things a good boyfriend was supposed to be. It didn’t make sense. But then again, Mycroft had always said that Sherlock never understood affairs of the heart –
They made short work of offering their wares to the other groups of people in the library, only staying long enough for Sherlock to introduce John and to entertain a tiny amount of conversation before moving on.
“Oh, right,” Dan said, settling back. “Seemed a bit weird, if you ask me.”
“Wicked! Thanks!” One of them exclaimed, the other having already got to work stuffing his mouth with as many canapés as would fit. He scooped up as many as he could in his hands and tried to put some in his trouser pockets.
“It’s just, with the God Staunton thing, and then the Carl thing - ”
“Don’t, it doesn't suit you.”
“Hey,” John said, wiping his hands on a napkin. “Hold out your hands.” Sherlock obeyed, lifting his hands off the table. Now with nothing to rest on, their trembling was more pronounced. John sighed. “See?” he said, sandwiching one of Sherlock’s hands in between both of his. Sherlock met his gaze. The snickering at the next table erupted again, with a few whistles and cat-calls thrown in, but John paid no attention. Neither did Sherlock. “If your blood sugar drops any lower, you’ll pass out. And that won’t be very pleasant for either of us.”
Hi! I know what you’re thinking; an update…? In less than a month? Trust me, I am as astonished as you. I actually wanted to get this done and up a couple of weeks ago but then school kind of hit me in the face, so things had to be delayed a little. But I tried my very hardest (and didn’t do some homework… my priorities are on point) to get this done in time to go up today to celebrate the end of another week and ring in the weekend :)
“Nice seeing you, Sherlock, John,” Anderson managed, face friendly, eyes not. He raised a hand and went to slap Sherlock on the back – a benign gesture that immediately made John suspicious.
Anderson folded his arms – as best he could, holding two folders and a textbook. “Look, do you think I want to be telling you about this? My friends only care about one specific part of a girl, and it certainly isn’t her feelings,” he spat the last word as if it were something slimy. “And for whatever reason, girls seem to stick with you, and we ran into each other and I saw an opportunity to actually get some advice. Whatever. If you’d rather be a dick, then that’s fine with me,” he finished, the words rushed and venomous, and John knew such a sour tone was only an attempt to cover his embarrassment.
“I know,” the other boy interrupted, but without the malice John would have expected.
Content warnings for this chapter for drug use by minors and alcohol abuse by minors. To see how to skip the more explicit parts, go
Sherlock had John float on his stomach and kick his legs as he’d done, supporting him and stopping im from moving at the same time with the simple placement of his hands under John’s belly.
John made sure to be as gentle as possible, beginning with Sherlock’s left cheek. He placed the two paint-covered fingers just by Sherlock’s nose, and drew them outwards towards his ear. Then he switched hands and did the same on Sherlock’s right cheek. The finishing touches were the same pattern of dots on his forehead as John had drawn on his own.
He and Mike easily spotted Doyle – a great lump of boys, mostly dressed in the house colours of maroon and navy blue, waving scarves of the same colours over the edge of the spectator seating. Although it may as well have been called spectator standing, as no seats were occupied; the entire male population of the school was pressed up against the barrier that stopped those watching from falling onto the poolside below.
, getting him to understand. The relief. The anxiety. Sherlock’s pale skin against the darkness of the night. The walk back to school. Their breaths in the quiet air. Sneaking through Lestrade’s garden. Sudden laughter. Some stupid joke about Lestrade owning a rabbit. Shushing themselves, each other. Giggling in the bathroom, hearing each other giggle in the shower. The sobering with the return to normality, looking at their timetables for the following day. John making a half-hearted attempt at homework. Sherlock pacing for what felt like hours, John telling him stories from his old life – he had called it that, his old life – to distract him from the unease he knew he felt at the case having been taken out of his hands. Telling him about Mary, about Dan, about his father. Sherlock returning very little, but the eventual slowing and sitting, the wide eyes in the low light.
It was the last day of the half term. John’s bags had been packed since the night before. Sherlock’s stuff was still strewn all over the room, Sherlock himself scribbling something in a notebook.
Sherlock, again, said nothing, and continued staring at something John couldn’t see.
“No, probably not,” replied Sherlock.
“And you’ve definitely got Mr Lestrade’s permission to come down on Sunday?”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do with that information, that John’s gaze had been fixated on his neck for an undetermined amount of time while Sherlock was elsewhere, so he put it in a box by the back door for further consideration at a later date.
John laughed. “Yeah? You’ve been here before – you slept in my bed, if you remember.”
“No, it’s fine, it was… amazing, I’m just-”
“I won’t be back for a while,” he’d said.
“Uh,” John laughed, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “You did a pretty good job of pretending. Letting her suck your face clean off all the time, going back to her room…”
“Oh, it’s just beautiful, Sherlock,” she said softly, and Sherlock nodded once. “Truly. Is it – is it for someone? You haven’t composed in such a long time,”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and scrolled down.
“Basically four,” John replied dismissively. “Anyway, I can only imagine what scrapes you’re going to put me in in the future, so I thought it would be pragmatic.”
“What, with you and Léa?”
“Hi, Anderson,” John replied brightly. “You know, Sherlock, I think we took a wrong turn.”
“Illogical.”
Jamie laughed. “Unfortunately, I have promised myself to another.”
“What?”
“And it was completely unprovoked?” John kept working while Sherlock related his story.
John wanted to thank him. But all he could say was, “Well, the stars are adequate.”
“Right, of course,” John said hastily, feeling foolish. He knew that, of course he knew that.
“Especially loved the shout-out to me and Sally, you know, considering we were as involved in the case as you and your boy-toy were.”
“Dealing with Sherlock as well as you seem to,” Mike said. “It’s not an easy feat.”
John fought against his friend’s grip and eventually emerged, spluttering and coughing, but laughing. Sherlock stood up, seemingly barely even out of breath.
“Do you want anything, Sherlock?” John turned to him.
“What?” asked John incredulously, barely more than a whisper. They were standing outside the door to Doyle, their return journey from the tuck shop now completed - but John got the feeling that this part of Mike’s story was nowhere near its end.
“Yes, we do.” John said, firmly but gently. Sherlock felt a wave of shame come over him. Here was this boy, so kind, so worried about him, and
“What letter? Mum, how am I supposed to know about your post when I’m in Bedfordsh-”
“Does your brother know?”
“Dan,” John greeted him, his old primary school friend making his way towards him and encircling him in a rough hug.
“See you Sunday,” she said. John smiled, and walked off down the path.
John’s phone buzzed. John cursed his clumsy fingers as they fumbled on his passcode, taking him two tries to unlock the damn thing –
John’s heart was still beating a little too fast come nightfall. He put it down to lack of sleep, but he felt the sharp edge of something more frantic pressing against his back like a dagger. So he suggested a walk, like he had done that warm afternoon just weeks ago. How could it have been just weeks ago?
“Wow. That’s a lot of names.”
“Hmm,” John pondered. “I remember going into Mycroft’s old room and getting into my PJs, and I then remember you laughing but by that point I was in bed and I don’t remember anything between those two points.”
“Maybe I will,” he grinned. “Maybe I will.”
John turned the oven down to a lower heat.
Sure, the reason that he went in the first place set him apart from most of his friends, but the whole point of going to a therapist was to sort that out – it didn’t require everyone around him to suddenly transform into amateur therapists themselves; that was unnecessary and patronising. What he needed was everyone to treat him just the same as they would if he didn’t go to therapy. That in itself would help a whole lot more, being treated as normal; because it would make him feel normal, and not intensify the already turbulent environment of his mind.
“You’re sceptical,” he said.
“Yes, please,” John said, only slightly sarcastic in his excitement.
. “And then in second year I’ll…” He couldn’t quite say it. Couldn’t quite make it real.
The man at the desk was bald and middle-aged, and seemed more grumpy that John wouldn’t’ be able to do his shift at the san that afternoon than worried about him, which made Sherlock feel itchy with annoyance.
“I texted you a poem once. Tithonus.”
“The girl who was selling it at the Boscombe match practically forced it on me.”
The sun was beginning to sink as John’s train pulled away from the platform. He plugged in his earphones and rested his head against the window. His thoughts wandered as he closed his eyes, to Mike, to Lestrade, to his teachers and even the rising bell and the horrible metal bed frames.
“Are you going to ask how I knew my brother had been kidnapped?”
“Then who the fuck is it?” John yelled, his voice bouncing around the quadrangle. He felt Sarah’s hand come to his arm: a warning.
John watched him leave. “Fuck,” he whispered to himself.
“Hi, Mrs Hudson,” John greeted her with that small, genuine smile of his. “Were we making too much noise?”
He pushed open the door, hearing the familiar squeak of the hinges, and his heart sank. The room was empty.
, thought Sherlock.
“God, I can’t take you anywhere, can I?” John exclaimed. “And why does all the fun happen without me?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “So did you find out who the boys were?”
“The village?”
“No,” John replied. “I want the kind without alcohol in it,” the arm disappeared. “The other stuff makes me want to throw up.”
Sherlock turned around. And there she was.
John barely heard this, as he suddenly realised what he’d done wrong. He made a tsk-ing sound at himself.
Sherlock sighed inwardly.
Sherlock appeared to be mesmerised by the revolving sign.
He sighed and closed his eyes.
Forty minutes? That meant Sherlock was about, what, three miles from school, and that also meant that John either had to endure forty more minutes of Mike’s friends.
John groaned, but he didn’t really mind. He and Jamie had formed an easy relationship when their san shifts had lined up over the past few months - more than acquaintances, maybe just shy of friends, but he was good company. At least John would have him to chat to while he worked.
“So why is it okay for her to do it?”
His friend’s eyes widened in what John hoped was fear.
“Well, that’s good news!” John replied.
“Annoying you? Jesus,” John breathed.
Huge content warning for very raw grief, including descriptions of parental deaths, panic attacks and funerals. If you want to skip this chapter, please do - nothing happens in it that is important to the plot. Find out how to skip parts of this chapter
“Ha!” Glen shouted at Claus. “See, I knew it! Give me my money back!”
“You know the little dip at the bottom of your neck, what’s that called?”
“I think we did a bit too much spaghetti,” John mused aloud. His mother agreed.
Oh, yes. John asked a question.
“Are you okay? With this, I mean.”
"Don't worry, son," the driver interjected. "Most of the kids have a tab with the company and pay all their journeys off at the end of the year." When John looked at him blankly, he continued. "If you tell me your student number, it'll go on your school bill, your old man can pay it for you when he pays for the rest come June, eh?" He winked at John, expecting him to be in on some inside joke of wealthy fathers and schools that hand you a bill with your exam results. John was not. “Well, I hope you have a great term, lad," the driver finished, filling the awkward silence, "and I may well see you again in a few weeks to take you home.”
“No, no, don’t worry,” Mike dismissed John’s apology, pulling his shirt off over his head and tugging on a different one. “Not your fault."
Hands on his upper arm. Sherlock was rolling up the sleeves of his t-shirt. A question formed on John’s lips but Sherlock mumbled a quick reply before he had even heard it.
The dining hall itself was almost as sumptuous as the food it served. It had a grand, domed ceiling, which captured the chatter of the several hundred pupils, and made it echo, so the room overflowed with the warm voices and happy laughter of friends reuniting after the long summer holidays. The lights were low, and cast a glow, rather like the one John had watched earlier from the setting sun, around the room. He found it easy to get lost in the talk of the boys at his table - stories he didn't know and jokes he didn't get. John tried his hardest to commit the names of all those introduced to him over dinner to memory, but it was difficult. He was tired, and after a while, one face swapped names with another, and another, until he gave up.
Those two minutes felt like two years. Two lifetimes. John took off his jacket and boots and sat back on his desk, phone in his hands, hands in his lap. He watched the screen as the clock at the top ticked the minutes by. The world hung in the balance.
that.
,” drawled Sherlock, voice saturated in sarcasm, and not without a nasty edge to his tone. John leaned back against the frame of his bed.
“I got you a couple of options,” Sherlock said, following John. “Can I - ?”
John shook his head. The phone rang again. John held out his hand, and Sherlock reluctantly gave it to him.
“Okay, Johnny,” Harry said, wrapping her arms around him and squeezing him tight.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows. “You knew that, little brother. Don’t act as if you’re the victim here.”
John rounded the corner into Sherlock’s former bedroom and let out a breath at the sight of Sherlock’s silhouette through the open window. He stepped out into the unyielding darkness and sat down next to his friend.
John laughed, and Sherlock breathed. “Look, I’ll see you soon. I had loads of fun. Your house is crazy, your family is crazy…”
“I have been way drunker in the past, believe it or not,” John replied. “Are
“Mmm.” Sherlock confirmed. John kept one hand on his roommate’s head to keep it steady as he reached for the cleaning wipes.
“Trick or treat!”
“Fine.” He took a deep breath. “His name was – well,
“I should go,” he excused himself, gathering up his bag.
, he thought to himself. If Sherlock was right, this was going to get ugly. It needed to get ugly.
“Any girls yet?” Harry piped up, smirking.
“Only two years,” Percy said, looking back at Sherlock, who was hovering over the body. “I mean, in dog years, he was the same age as me…”
She wasn’t happy about it, but she let him go, and John made sure he was far enough down the corridor that his footsteps would no longer be audible in his classroom, before sending a text, stuffing his phone in his pocket and running.
“It’s fine if you don’t wanna talk about it. I guess something… bad happened, otherwise you’d tell me.” John said softly.
Just as carefully as before, John slowly removed the wrapping paper. Something made of dense, dark fabric fell into his lap. He unfolded it and held it up. It was a dark grey shooting jacket, with an even darker collar and shiny, fake leather shoulder and elbow pieces.
John had danced with Sherlock before. At the ball, drunk; in his living room, on Hallowe’en. At the turn of the new year, with Sherlock’s hand on his waist. He remembered a similar terror, then, and then relaxing. Then softening. Then wanting to put his face to Sherlock’s neck. Now, it felt as if this waltz was repeating a conversation they had been having that night. But it felt as if something had changed - the tone, or the volume, or
“Never have I ever – ” he began.
“Thank God you’re eating something,” he said instead. “I think this is the first time I’ve actually seen you eat of your own free will,”
“What house is Sally in?” Sherlock asked suddenly.
When they returned to their room, Sherlock didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. He stood in the centre of the room, looking at the web of the case on the wall, chewing his lip and arms hanging limply at his side.
John glanced at Sherlock briefly, before becoming distracted by something, but then moving his gaze back to Sherlock, a quizzical expression on his face.
“– we require him or you to correspond with Ella within the week to arrange a meeting at the earliest opportunity, or we will be sending a community support officer to the address registered with us.’ What do you have to say for yourself, John?”
John knew full well that they weren’t going on holiday in the summer. They had to start saving so that Harry could go to a private school for sixth form, like John. Their mother had written off all of the senior schools in their catchment area as actively detrimental to their future CVs when John barely understood the meaning of the word Ofsted. She had high expectations for them, just as their father had. They hadn’t even started thinking about university, but John knew the possibilities were slim at best. But that was another problem for another day.
“Seriously,” Glen said, and even in the low light, John could see that his cheeks were burning. His accent had become particularly rough in his embarrassment. “Can you bastards all clap already so we can move on?”
The boys watched them go, and when they turned back to one another, Sherlock realised that one of them had taken a step back, and he didn’t know whether it had been him or John.
Sherlock was suited to this kind of dining, John thought as Mycroft and Viola talked across the table about the EU. The low light and the rich colours and the red wine. His voice seemed deeper, his glances at John, shared jokes when someone said something ridiculous, seemed sharper. He’d brushed his hair at some point, smoothing out the wind and the cold of the day into perfect curls.
“You agree with me, right?” Mike said, snapping John out of his head.
to change. John knew it would be incorrect to assume he would never use again, but that did not stop pride from bursting in him.
“- And how I’ve, I don’t know, neglected my family. And they are all judging me on my past.”
“More or less?” Mycroft drew a breath. “Well, it sounds as if he’ll be fine. He’ll wake up in a few hours. This is the first proper night’s sleep he’s had in a while, yes?”
a man?”
The game went on, and a few people had to put all their fingers up and begin again. John began to yawn, the beer bringing on sleepiness faster than he would have liked. Someone found an old half-drunk bottle of wine somewhere, and it was shared out. Eric slumped on John’s shoulder, still awake, but barely. The statements became more and more specific as they ran out of things to say.
John looked at him, and suddenly the world tilted and John’s face was on its side and Sherlock’s head swam, yea, did it swim.
“Well. Yes, I suppose.”
“Oh, no, it’s fine; I asked and the teacher said I would be bracing the gun against my other shoulder anyway, seeing as I’m right-handed.” There was a pause in which she took some notes down, but John couldn’t quite make out what they said. Something about duty. “My shoulder’s a lot better now, anyway, well enough to play rugby with. It only aches when it rains, and as long as I’m careful, it barely ever hurts anymore.”
“Deep joy,” Sherlock commented. “I’ll need some stationery too.”
“That is simply a suggestion, we have no evidence yet,” John interrupted, seeing Bradstreet’s head whip up at the mention of Angelo’s name.
“Why, do you know who it is?” John took a step towards him. Charlie kept looking at him with that even, amused expression, and John thought absently that he looked just as much like a shark as Kitty did. And then he realised. “Wait. It’s
The smell of the pillow.
Sherlock racked his brain, went as far into his mind palace as he could while continuing to listen, but he turned up nothing. But the name rang bells, loudly and insistently.
“The one who got run over when we were in, what, year eight?”
“Well… where are you now? What happened?”
The man, Mycroft, extended a hand. John shook it hesitantly.
Six heads whipped around to fix twelve eyes on his.
John studied him. He was startlingly pale, almost monochrome, and his breathing was shallow.
the door gave and the two made their way upstairs. “We knew Sherlock
“You good?”
“What a professional environm–” Sherlock began, but was interrupted by an almighty sneeze.
“New Year’s always makes me feel weirdly patriotic,” he whispered to Sherlock.
“Are you Sherlock Holmes?” she asked, and when Sherlock replied in the affirmative, a little of the tension visibly slipped off her shoulders and she closed her eyes briefly in relief. She composed herself. “I need your help.”
John stared at Sherlock until he could no longer ignore him. There followed a non-verbal argument, something which would have gone along these lines had it been spoken aloud:
“I hope you’re proud of yourself,” John said to his friend. “That was you that won that for us.”
John suddenly felt very exposed. He felt as if he’d been woken from a deep sleep and thrust into the light of day. He suddenly didn’t want to meet Sherlock’s eyes, an unexplainable heat creeping into his cheeks. He slid out of his friend’s personal space, cleared his throat.
Minutes later, Sherlock walked into room twenty-one.
“I’ll make you something, come on,” he said, getting up.
“So, how are you? How’s Sherlock?” Mrs Watson asked, taking a sip of her wine.
“I did play the clarinet in primary school.”
’ look. Sherlock gave Sarah his best smile. John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed past her, leaving John to apologise and explain.
The adults laughed. Sherlock scowled. John extended his hand to shake Viola’s.
“I’ll go in first,” John said as the pair approached their biology classroom. “After last lesson’s debacle with the Bunsen burner and poor Alice’s plait – ”
“Not good?” ventured John.
Sherlock raced through options in his mind, but like grains of sand through his fingertips, he could grasp none. “I don’t… I don’t know.”
“What the hell are you doing?” he demanded. He wasn’t expecting an answer, so he wasn’t disappointed when he didn’t get one. Sherlock knelt on his chest of drawers, bringing the case profile on the wall to his eye level. He touched some of the items he had on the wall – the photo John took of the graffiti, the words ‘garages’, ‘eleven’ and ‘Tuesday’ in his unintelligible scrawl, the pins piercing the map of the school.
Viola finished what she was saying before turning to the two boys.
“Oh! He replied,” John said as a new notification from Facebook messenger came in. “It’s long. ‘She says that I said that she said that…’ wait. ‘She says that I…’ what? God, this boy is not very articulate over text.”
“That’s a cheery way to start a conversation,” John replied lightly. Sherlock said nothing. “It’s going to rain again, come on,”
“Great. Sherlock; dinner’s at normal time, and for God’s sake, go with John, at least for the next few days, so he knows how it all works and where everything is.” Sherlock made a face. “I know, but please?”
“Mummy sent me to my room.”
“I’m nearly done,” he said by way of greeting.
John didn’t get a chance to answer Mike as heavy footsteps came down the corridor. Their house master entered the office smiling and closed the door behind him before dropping into an armchair and looking between them.
“Have you ever met me?”
“What’s up, John?”
“It’s irrational, I’m being so – ”
“I’m worried about him,” Angelo repeated, voice taking on an edge of desperation before he seemed to catch himself. “Uh. We’ve got a cricket match in a couple of hours. If we don’t find him, we’re fucked. I’m worried we’ll lose.”
“Anyway. No legal charges. Private road. The other driver was thirty over the speed limit but he couldn’t be charged because he was dead. The man who let a minor drive his car was also dead. So there was just me. Our family chose not to ask for compensation from the family of the other man, and the family of the other man chose not to ask for compensation from ours. The owner of the road chose not to press charges. But I’m not allowed to drive until I’m twenty-one. The police were pretty keen to sweep everything under the rug and forget about it. Everyone was pretty keen to sweep it under the rug and forget about it.”
John was surprised to see half of the guests from the previous night sitting in the huge kitchen. He hadn’t realised so many had stayed over. They all looked up as the four boys walked in, a chorus of good mornings and a tapestry of smiles.
Sherlock would have reached the corridor that led to Mrs Hudson’s house first if John hadn’t been just slightly faster. They shoved each other down the corridor and burst into the kitchen a panting, giggling mess.
“Right,” John said, barely hearing. “Angelo does not look happy, by the way.”
The remains of a heavy padlock lay by the side of the hole. There was a single bare bulb hanging from the ceiling, its harsh light throwing unnatural shadows into the corners of the room.
The open windows of the practise room did little to cool the occupants’ tempers, which rose by the minute, Sherlock’s included. He knew his comedown had something to do with it, but the others had no excuse, and when Barnaby The Mountain had started threatening him, Sherlock rather detachedly found himself intrigued at the reaction of different personality types to provocation.
Mrs Hudson made a disapproving sound with her tongue. “Don’t be silly. As long as you’re alright, love,” she said, bending down to stroke his cheek.
When Vlad nodded, Eric said, “Right, in that case, I’ll start. Never have I ever been skinny-dipping with a girl.”
“So what can you do?” he asked.
“And who’s this?” The baker asked, turning his wide grin to John. “I don’t think I’ve seen you around the village before, lad.”
“Oof, that was mean,” said Jamie.
Sherlock didn’t respond, so John looked over at him.
“Tell you what. If you tell me what happened, I won’t make you go to the san. Yeah?”
Sherlock had been walking back to room twenty one after having broken into the catering offices again when he had heard the voices coming from behind Stamford’s doorway. It sounded as if they were playing a game in which one had to reveal secrets – mainly sexual, it appeared to Sherlock – and the others had some sort of clapping system to agree or disagree. He was about to dismiss it and proceed down the corridor, but he heard John saying something about Mary Morstan. Sherlock crept a little closer to the door. He was a little repulsed when they starting explaining in detail about female orgasms (but John’s voice aiding with some of the teaching confirmed what he’d suspected about John’s sexual prowess), and was about to leave again when the questions started up.
. John smiled.
John watched his blurry shape just under the surface. The boy in lane four surfaced. Then the boy in lane one. Lane two, lane six. Lane five. And then, finally, Sherlock.
“Yeah, I'm going into Lower Sixth.”
, he had filled the cup with soup, and it was almost too hot to hold, but he ignored that fact and, careful not to spill anything, had weaved his way through the throng and out of the dining hall.
It was nearly seven, so John ran downstairs and out to Lestrade’s dustbins as quickly as he could. He buried the package deep inside the non-recyclables container and had just entered room twenty-one when the bell rang to signal the start of another week.
Sherlock stopped poking at the potatoes. “It doesn’t mean anything to me. I feel no less than the usual amount of distaste one should feel for the armed forces of a former imperial power.”
“No, I was going to stay here for a bit longer,” Sherlock replied sarcastically and began to push against John, who kept his hand on his back until he was sure that he was stable again.
He drew his legs back into the bed and twisted himself so he was kneeling up –
, thought John as he felt himself grin back.
“And this is
“She is no longer wearing her necklace.” Sherlock concluded dramatically.
“Okay.” John smiled with his mouth. Sherlock wondered what the story behind that exchange was. “See you later,”
“Three pets being – ” she lowered her voice. “Being murdered!”
John shuffled along in the queue, trying to see above the sea of bobbing heads.
Mrs Hudson turned away and took the handbrake off. “Whatever you say, dear.”
“You going to fight me, little man? Huh?” Angelo taunted, grinning like a shark. “Are you and your boyfriend going to take me on?”
Again and again –
“Pass me my laptop.”
“Second office?”
Sherlock tsked at him. “I told you not to bring flowers,” he sighed.
[In which John and Sherlock text. A lot.]
“That article was so sentimental.”
They sprinted through the corridors, John’s heart a panicked thing in his ribcage. Once they had left the school gates, John stopped. Sherlock turned to him, hand still covering his nose. “What time do you take your medication?”
Wilt = will
“Okay, fine,” replied John, “but will you at least help me pick out a suit? I’m no good at choosing between cuts and - and lapels and between single or double back... ventilation…”
Sherlock’s brain, little as it was, knew what that meant. “Shut up.”
“And what would that be?”
“Bonne nuit,” John repeated quietly, watching the brothers for a moment before making his way back to the bed.
Sherlock’s parents were pleased to see him again, but not entirely surprised.
After rugby that afternoon – in which he thought Angelo was tackling him just a little too hard – John walked back to house with Mike, chatting about the upcoming match that weekend.
Throughout dinner, Dave was amiable and polite. Sherlock felt cautiously at ease with him, but only because John seemed to feel the same. Despite what Sherlock had told him earlier. Sherlock could only suppose he was putting on a front, or that he was genuinely hopeful that it was going to be a case of fourth time lucky. Either way, Sherlock followed his example.
Late that afternoon, as the sky started to darken with nightfall, John was taking some rubbish out to the bins behind the Watson household when he felt something cold land on his neck.
“You alright?”
John could feel the inevitable question drawing near.
“Moriarty.”
“I was insensitive and selfish and so fucking stupid, John. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock didn’t reply for a moment, and John thought he’d done something wrong, thought he’d crossed some sort of unspoken boundary.
“Will do. Are you sure you – ?”
“Hey, Sherlock, I brought something from home.”
“Er… not really, went to my cousins’ for a few days, went to a house party – got off with this girl with
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, still facing the window.
One minute six.
“Do what?” Sherlock asked.
Some time later, Sherlock and John stood around the kitchen table flicking their hands to try and rid them of the strings of pumpkin innards sticking to their skin.
They turned off the road and up to the gate. Sherlock dug the key out from his pocket and began to fiddle with the padlock, but was distracted by a movement in the corner of his eye.
“Barium.”
“How much of what? Jesus, Sherlock, what’s muddled, you’re never muddled, what’ve you done to yourself?”
“And do what? Sherlock, you can’t do anything more, you’ll make yourself ill.”
After a moment, John’s face broke into a smile, then a grin, and he laughed again, turning away and continuing to gather up the equipment.
He came back into his room from the bathroom after having brushed his teeth and saw his phone sitting on his bed. He smiled for a moment, then found his headphones and flopped onto his bed, plugged them in, turned the volume up to the maximum, and scrolled through his and Sherlock’s texts, found his present, his waltz, and pressed play, closing his eyes.
“Next week.”
Sherlock sat up. “I’m not
“The sidelines fill up pretty quickly,” he warned, and Harry wondered just how much of a deal this match really was.
“COME ON, SHERLOCK!” John yelled, leaning over the railing. “YOU CAN DO IT!”
“Fight?” Sherlock asked.
“But that’s only if you’re completely vertical.”
Sherlock threw a look at John, who simply beamed sickeningly at him in response. “Yes, fine,” he said, positioning the violin beneath his chin.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock said. “So the way you look at your friends in their rugby uniforms, that’s all platonic? I understand now.”
As John drew, his eye was caught by a small movement. Sherlock unwound his arm from his knees and cautiously reached down to the mug at his feet. He encircled it with his thin fingers and slowly brought it to his lips, as if in a dream, or underwater. Which, John supposed, he was; drowning in his own thoughts. It lifted a little of the worry from John to see his friend consuming something, albeit something very insubstantial.
, stops trying to explain everything and… it’s like he’s speaking, but properly. A lot of what he says is either bullshit or so cryptic you can’t work out what he actually means. He stops all that, when he plays. It’s nice.”
“Mike,” John said slowly. “You said that Sherlock kept looking more and more sick until
John turned to Sherlock. “I’m really glad you stayed.”
Sherlock fought himself for a fraction of a millisecond but he quickly lost the battle and heard himself joining in, and now he was somehow holding John's face too, when had that - ?
’), Sherlock was absently rifling through his cards and staring fixedly at the patch of wall above his feet. John leaned over his friend’s legs to reach for a card that Eric was handing him,  one hand on Sherlock’s calf, partially to steady himself and partially just to touch him –
“Nice try, John,” was the scathing answer.
,” Sherlock sang, a little louder. He hadn’t sung since he was of primary school age, before his voice had dropped and he had been kicked out of the local church choir for bad behaviour, and now he was terrified of his voice cracking or singing off-key, but John was still laughing happily and no-one was paying him the slightest bit off attention, so he sang a little louder still. “
The woman pushed the child behind her and slammed the door.
“Not yet, not yet. Listen, I’ve got to go, my mum’s going to kill me if I’m any later.”
Despite himself, John grinned as Harry burst into the dining room, singing at the top of her lungs.
“What, John?” Sherlock repeated, turning around. “What are you – ?"
Sherlock looked at John with disbelief. “
Sherlock looked him up and down. “I don’t think I will be attending.”
much, that she’d expected it to be more, but John still felt a strong greed. He desperately wanted this opportunity, wanted it so much it had become all he’d thought about, so much he'd applied to the school without telling a soul - but he didn’t want to be an inconvenience to his family. And now with his mother losing her job not two weeks previously... he forced his mind away.
,” Sherlock replied.
“Oh, hey, by the way, when are you free between now and New Year’s Eve?” John asked.
“Well then,” John said. “I suppose the only thing for it is to visit Sarah. Jam?”
John had no idea why or how he and Sherlock always got caught up in so much trouble, but he now knew that he couldn’t deny what he’d suspected for a while: that there was no way all of this could have been coincidence. There had been too much, too frequently, too close.
win,” John said to Claus, who glowered at him for a moment, before reluctantly shoving his hand in his pocket and thrusting the fiver back towards Glen, who took it eagerly.
“Why-” the door shut in John’s face. He pulled it open and started again. “Why were you chased by a farmer?”
Sherlock sprinted as fast as he could along the road. The sky was already lightening over the silhouette of the sports complex. All he could hear was the pounding of his feet against the concrete, of his heart against his chest, the rush of glacial air past his ears. Who or what M was, whether they were responsible for Carl’s death, for the graffiti, for Mr Bradstreet’s pets - that could all wait. He felt the weight of the automatic pistol in his coat pocket bounce with each step and tried not to think about using it.
And, thus, John found himself settling into a rhythm.
Update July 2020: converting all the texting in this chapter into the new text layout absolutely killed me. I only have myself to blame but it still sucked lol.
“I know,” he sighed. “It sounds awful, doesn’t it? It kind of was. I’ve got to admit, I’m not proud of myself. I still chatted to him when I could, but the others didn’t bother, and even my efforts became half-hearted after a while.  You’ve got to understand that he wasn’t putting any effort in either. He sat alone in the dining hall and stopped going to sport. He never spoke to anyone unless he wanted something, or if you spoke to him first. It wasn’t shyness – I don’t think he can actually experience the feeling. We didn’t like him and he didn’t like us, and that’s just the way it was."
He had done it ever since he was six, maybe six and a half, when he had read a book about sleep disorders because Mycroft had left it lying around. He counted his pulse, as it dropped. He counted his breaths, as they softened. He tried to identify when he slipped from alpha to theta, but had only succeeded once. That time, he remembered, he had been fifteen and falling from a high like a skyscraper, and he had been concentrating so hard on feeling his sleep cycles that he had slid into a lucid dream without realising. The dream itself had been boring, quotidian – he had been arguing with his brother, and his mother had told him off. He had sought Redbeard out, but of course, he was nowhere to be found. He only existed in Sherlock’s mind palace, waiting for him on the hearth rug.
“I wouldn’t have to be indiscreet if you didn’t text me and then get pissed off if I didn’t reply within three seconds,” John replied. Sherlock only raised his eyebrows, so the shorter boy tried to get the seriousness of the situation across. “You know she reads out your texts if she confiscates your phone.”
“Sherlock!”
“I knew that,” Sherlock replied, a little too hastily. “I think I’m going to stay here.”
In the few minutes of his friend’s absence, John was called upon to explain to the Bradstreet family why it was probably not best to enter the kitchen, console the crying children, and assure an angry wife of Sherlock’s ability to help and not to hinder.
“God… poor Lottie,” Sarah sighed. “What are we going to do about it?”
John rubbed the boy’s arm. “He was your housemaster’s, right? What was his name?”
Nadia looked from him to John for a moment, then answered, suspicion in her voice –
“God almighty,” Mrs Watson muttered. “Are you pulling my leg?”
, John thought, as a new wave of passengers flooded out of the station.
“N-!” John began, an aborted cry of anguish as he felt his balance go and both boys tumbled into the water with an almighty splash.
He raised his eyes from where they’d fallen to the concrete and as those in front of him moved away, he saw John. John, standing with his hands in his pockets, waiting for him.
…” he read to himself. “Thank you so much Harry, it’s the best.” He folded the coat and placed it on the table before going over to Harry and giving her a bone-crushing hug.
“I see you ordered me something online,” John said. At that, Sherlock whipped around, abandoning his violin on top of the minifridge.
Muhammad inhaled. “Fine,” he said after a pause. “I’ll catch you later, guys,” he said to his friends, who watched as John and Muhammad made their way to a bench.
The roof.
“What are you two whispering about?” Angelo asked impatiently. “What does any of this have to do with God?”
Sarah shifted her now rather stubborn gaze from John to Sherlock. “If you think that you’re just going to waltz in here and rob me of the most fun I’ve had all year, you couldn’t be more wrong. And besides, this sounds serious, and I want to help.”
She made a short speech, explaining the rules, pointing out the judges, who were sitting at the front of the hall at a table, warning against rowdy behaviour, and finally doing a house roll call.
“I didn’t know,” he said. “I thought you would have done, if it’s any consolation. You’re handsome enough.”
“John.” It was Sherlock’s voice.
“So that’s a proper thing now?” John asked, trying to imagine a man he didn’t know in his own home, eating their food and sitting on their sofa. Seeing John’s room, asking about him. The son that’s at boarding school.
“Um,” John began, and Sherlock could hear how flustered he felt in the tiniest trace in his voice, but his face was matching Dave’s. “No, I think we’re okay in here. Thanks, though,”
He went to correct himself, but realised the two answers had turned out to be the same.
“Girlfriend?” Dave asked, smiling.
He turned over and slipped back beneath the water, kicking until his outstretched fingertips grazed the bottom, then flexing his spine until he was swimming parallel to the grimy tiles. He reached the side of the pool, and kicking his legs together, as if they were one entity, he propelled himself out of the water, hands coming up and pushing down on the floor as he twisted his body to sit on the side, water gushing off him and forming a disappointing puddle around him.
Holding them now, he was surprised at how ornate they were – thin metal glowing gold in the mid-morning sun, a small but rare gem set into each one. He remembered the way they had swung as Sarah had looked between John and himself in disbelief.
John noticed him watching him. He caught Sherlock’s eye and flashed him a smile, which Sherlock tried to return.
John felt himself grinning as he looked up at his friend’s face – it was so good to see those green eyes again. “Hello,”
, John reminded himself.
There was a call from within. “Yeah?”
The kitchen used to be John’s favourite room in the house. When he was little, he used to sit on the table in the centre and watch his dad cook. When he was in pre-school, he used to think his dad was a wizard, by the way he stirred his potions and the steam would come billowing out of the pots. When he was in primary school, he used to think his dad was an evil scientist, doing experiments in his lab, creating new chemicals and discovering new elements. When he was in secondary school, he used to think it would have been cooler if his dad swore like Gordon Ramsay. Now, he thought it would have been cooler if his dad was there at all.
“If you say so,” Harry said, smiling at the pride in her brother’s eyes.
“Next time?” John exclaimed. “There is not going to
John almost dropped his phone. He blinked. He gathered just enough of his wits to shoot Angelo a curt message, and then looked up to find Sherlock, but the boy was nowhere to be seen. Again.
“I’m glad you came to watch,” John said seriously, softly. “And thank you for helping mum and Harry.”
“Don’t be so melodramatic, John,” Sherlock said, still texting. “This isn’t an action movie.”
“Have a good few weeks,” she said, and Sherlock thanked her dryly.
Sherlock felt his stomach twist at John’s stumble - but nothing happened. He took another step. “And I’m going to be the loser, am I?”
John frowned. “Well, it would be nice to have you there,” he said.
occur, understand?”
, okay,”
"John?"
“I understand, and I honestly wasn’t hitting on you, by the way.”
“Aw, ditch that shit, sneak out, and bring alcohol, yeah?”
John kept his gaze on the back of the boy in front of him. Mike was three boys behind him. The Boscombe boys were doing the same to his right. And while he could see none of that, the knowledge was… nope, not comforting in the slightest.
John filed one paper, then another, then another - until the name on the top of one of the files caught his eye. He froze. It read: POWERS, C.
Sherlock put his hands to his lips, fingers steepled.
“I’m going to be late, mum,” John interrupted, trying to edge out of the front door, through which he had already had a foot before his mother had caught up to him. Harry was sniggering over her mother’s shoulder, and John shot her a look.
Glen opened his mouth and John prayed that he wasn’t about to ask about Essex. But he said, “Does London even count as a county, though?”
“Yeah, Sherlock? ”
John turned to Mrs Hudson. Her gaze was soft, knowing. Gentle. Above all things, gentle. So why did he feel so exposed?
Sherlock punched in the numbers, each with an accompanying beep that drilled right to the centre of his skull, and set the mug rotating.
“Oh, it’s no problem, I hadn’t revised for that biology test anyway.”
“…the tragic loss of all three of his family’s pets, many of whom will have been known to a lot of you – Jingles, Jenny and Jade – ”
“So what do you want with me, then? What is this game we’re playing here?” Sherlock said, raising his voice, telling himself to be brave. “And can’t you stop hiding behind poor John? It’s awfully cowardly of you.”
, John thought.
“John.”
“As enjoyable as that is,” Sherlock replied, all sarcasm dropping from his tone as he continued, “I just remembered something.”
. He thought.
“Seatbelts,” she instructed, peering at the kids’ laps.
He stopped breathing.
Sherlock smiled. “Unbearably.”
Sally nodded. “Possible prime suspect, then,”
“When the next year started, and we moved into the year ten dorm, Sherlock’s stuff came with us, but not Sherlock. He still lived in the half-darkness of the top floor and as the months wore on, I started to get increasingly worried.
“This is John Watson, he’s new this year, sir,” answered Mike on John’s behalf, for which John was immensely grateful.
Clara was asleep on his sister’s bed, a small pool of drool crusting at the edges of her mouth.
Sherlock could feel a grin tugging at his lips. He refused to give in to it, deadpanning in his deepest voice, “Are you trying to get me drunk, Mr Watson?”
“Will you be able to do the rifle training? With your shoulder, that might not be the best idea.”
he wanted to say. “Yeah,” he said instead. “Um. Why did you say that?”
One girl caught Sherlock’s eye. She was looking at him with a face of pure terror. Not taking her eyes off him, she leaned over to the girl in front and whispered, “Habiba, there’s a pirate.”
“If you had enough of them, you could make constellations.”
“The others are going to be so pissed off...”
As John was locating a suitable spoon, Harry came downstairs and poked her head into the kitchen, carrying a large overnight bag in the crux of her elbow.
“An experiment on
Sherlock waited up for mummy to come in and kiss him goodnight once she was done with Mycroft, but she left his brother’s room a lot later, and she just went straight to her and daddy’s bedroom without a word.
John shut the door with an inward sigh of relief, closing his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, he was presented with the sight of Sherlock crouched beneath his own desk.
“Did I? When?” John replied, thinking. “I don’t remember that at all.”
Sherlock squeezed his hand again, and John realised his own was no longer a fist. That they were palm to palm, fingers entwined.
“Excellent news! Now get back to house, get changed, get back here, and we’ll let this little slip go forgotten, yes?”
It was as if a dam had burst: the spectators flowed onto the pitch like a tide, streaming around Sherlock, and he lost sight of John momentarily. His eye was caught by the boy who had scored the final try being lifted above the heads of the crowd by the boy everyone called the Hulk. Sherlock recognised him now: a year eleven whose name, which had always escaped Sherlock, was being chanted over and over. A draw, their worst result of the entire tournament. But it could have been so much worse.
“What the
“Is that an invitation?”
“Your observational powers are worse than I’d feared.”
The sofa was new, like the rest of the house, but no less comfortable than the old ratty ones in Doyle.
“Good. Do you want me to take you home, Clara?”
Sherlock’s hands were warmer than he’d expected where they rested lightly on his skin, the eye pencil dragging across his temple. John’s field of vision was crammed with Sherlock’s face, his eyes a serious green that night, made bold and vivid by the precise black lining he had given them.
“Why did he – ”
“He’s not there.”
“Yeah, we’ve met,” John said curtly.
A handful of other kids drifted in for detention, so John moved up a seat, and now Sherlock could smell him.
“Sherlock, eh?” Dan repeated, smirking a little. He raised his eyebrows. “Anyway, we were just on our way over to Mary’s, for the party?”
“Why are you laughing at me?”
John didn’t get a chance to reply (
“They told everyone they were doing Queen,” John said.
“Yeah, don’t be such a brat, Sherlock,” Henry repeated in the snide way only small children could. “Just because
“Actually, I kind of wanted to talk to you about that.” John admitted.
He hoped John didn’t hear him stop breathing.
“Not a chance in hell, handsome,” Irene returned, looking at Sherlock again. Really looking. Something was off about the pair of them. “I have a school governor to fuck. But do inform me of your findings, won’t you?” She cocked her head to one side.
Anderson nodded at him.
“I was beginning to think you wouldn’t turn up,” Sherlock said after a moment.
John felt irritation twist his insides. “He has friends. He has me.”
John was sitting next to the girl on one of the pews, and she was laughing at something he’d said, a hand resting lightly on his arm, as if her laughter was so earth-shattering she had to steady herself. She was pretty, hair done up in a high bun, tall. Taller than John, but then again, all the girls John had shown in interest in were.
Sherlock turned his head around very slowly and his eyes met John’s. John tried to hold his ground, but after what he hoped was a respectable length of time, the force of Sherlock’s gaze boring into his eye sockets forced him to turn away. He handed Sherlock the list.
true…” Percy conceded. “But she’s so sweet… unless she completely flipped, I wouldn’t have thought…” he trailed off, his eyes taking on a melancholic expression again. John felt sorry for the boy.
Sherlock could feel John’s chest rise and fall with his breaths, slowing now. There was a hand on the back of his neck and Sherlock’s own fingers were gripping the deep purple shirt like they were never going to let go.
It was John’s turn to sigh. “The nightmares
“You weren’t even approaching the right sleep cycle for nightmares – don’t you see, John? You’re getting better!”
“By the way, if Sherlock asks who volunteered him, don’t even try and cover me, he’ll work it out anyway.”
John’s face closed and he dropped his hands. “You’re high.”
Sherlock was watching Angelo. He was no different on the rugby pitch to off it: big, hulking, not particularly quick-witted, or quick full stop. He was a defender, and used his size to his advantage, and for the first few minutes, Sherlock thought that Doyle were going to have a hard time of scoring anything in the short match.
“Mmmm?”
John shook his head. “No chili, no rice – Mexican night was Wednesday. And yesterday’s dessert was chocolate cookies and yoghurt. Not a spoonful of jelly in sight. The things you miss when you don’t go to meals regularly, eh?”
John padded into the common room with his mug, milk and chocolate powder in his arms, to find a little gaggle of about half of the Lower Sixth, also pyjama-clad, chatting and bustling about in the kitchenette section of the cosy space.
Sherlock stood next to John. “I don’t think I can take much more of this,” he said desperately.
Harry was standing in the doorway, head cocked to one side. She was wearing eyeliner. Quite a bit of it. She was watching their mum, too. John wondered how many nights Harry had spent watching over her mother since John hadn’t been there. It had only been a week, just a meagre seven days, almost to the hour, since John had walked out of that door and into another world. But a lot can happen in seven days.
”The world has more of a structure, or at least it appears to. It reminds me of my mind palace.”
“I thought she was overreacting about something trivial, initially. I was going to tell her to find help elsewhere, but then I saw her ring.”
Later, John would wish that he had taken a picture of that moment, when the brightness of the joy in that kitchen pushed like sunshine against the blackness of the night that was falling outside.
“Shh,” Sherlock interrupted.
John’s hands stilled.
They began to clear away the empty boxes and bags.
“Now, I’m going to test this blood for a particular enzyme that will denote whether it was, indeed, a heart attack that killed our poor furry friends. However, the important thing is that we determine the suspect.”
“Now, Sherlock, you’ve met Siobhan – John: Siobhan, a colleague of mine. Siobhan: John, my nephew’s friend.” John nodded his greeting. “And – well, I would hope you’ve met Greg.”
“I have no idea,” Sherlock said shortly. “But I have a feeling we will find out.”
John made a frustrated noise, and they both fell silent.
“Fine.”
Cause and effect.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes, the circle. Clearly the same paint as the one that was used to paint
“You know, I think you’re checking me out when you look at me like that, Sherly,” Anderson said. John silently begged Sherlock not to rise to the bait.
John laughed. “You’re hugging me like I’m your aunt or something.”
“Me and Mike’ve got to go,” he explained. “Half an hour ‘til kick-off, so we’ve got to go be with the team.”
“God, you can be so spoilt sometimes,” John exclaimed, leaning down to pick up a pile of socks. “No;
A scrunched-up ball of paper landed on the desk in front of him. He looked up, surprised to see John looking at him. Sherlock tilted his head in question.
“That’s disgusting,” he exclaimed. “Right, you little shit, c’m’ere!”
“Here we have,” began John, as he turned on the television and inserted the DVD into the slot, “one of the shittiest films ever made. Blatant sexism, slapstick, tasteless jokes and a cringey ‘happy ending’, a must-see for sleep-over goers everywhere.”
Harry couldn’t keep an incredulous snort from escaping.
Sherlock was sitting on the countertop, watching John as he spoke with his sister, phone pressed between his ear and his shoulder, hands occupied with washing his knife under the tap. They’d finished chopping all the vegetables for the stir fry and now John was trying to communicate with his far-flung family, trying to call them home.
is the song Sherlock was playing.
John heard a snort of laughter from Sherlock, and he scowled at his friend. Sherlock must have felt his eyes on his back, because he turned around.
“Full-house rehearsal at four thirty today, here, in the common room,” he finished. Sherlock huffed.
When they finally let him out of the hospital bed, Sherlock ran on his short legs into the corridor. Mycroft stood at the end of it - not smiling, but something close to it. He bent down and unclipped the lead and in a scratching of claws on the polished floor the dog was bounding towards him –
“Yes, I know what it means, I’m not stupid. What do you mean, for the case? What case?”
“Just there, see? Can you see the three stars all in a line?”
“Oh, shall we look at the house singing page?” John said, opening the newspaper again, returning it to rest on both of their knees.
“He doesn’t mind!”
“It’s a nice picture though, don’t you think? You could probably do with a haircut, though.”
“Hey, John,” a boy asked from across the aisle. “What’re Doyle doing tonight again?”
John shook his head and made to sit back down. “There’s a kitchen down the corridor, first on your right.”
From what John had gathered, the bike sheds had an intended use – the shelter and security of the groundskeepers’ bicycles – and an actual use – something some would define as romantic. They were located just in front of a block of mostly disused garages, and from the san, the quickest way was to get there was to take a brisk walk across a lacrosse pitch. Which John did.
They were standing in a large hall. Directly in front of them, opposite the front door, was a grand stair case. It was missing a red carpet, but all the same looked as if it would be fitting for a nobleman of some kind to come leisurely down it. It split at the top, and John had no doubt that there would be even more staircases to discover, as the house had seemed to be about three stories from the outside.
He felt as if he’d tripped over.
“Makes the room look a bit like the lair of some sort of evil villain,” Sherlock commented.
She sat up and fumbled, cursing, to answer it.
“Hi, mum,” he called from the kitchen.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” said John, lifting his head from the wall in order to frown at Sherlock.
“Of course he does. He knows everything.”
“Okay, okay,” John said, turning back to stand where he had been in the middle of the room.
– what if he judged it wrong? What if John hated what he got him – what if he told him he hated whatever it was, to his face? Worse still; what if John said he loved it when he despised it –
“What lesson do you have?”
“Oh,” said John.
John had never spoken to her, had only seen her once or twice. And yet he knew he could draw her face from memory if he wanted to.
John jumped up. “No - I mean - that’s not what I was implying, Muhammad, I’m sorry - ”
The swimmers slowly moved to the sides of the pool. John scanned them, looking for Sherlock as they hauled themselves out of the water, but again, to no avail. There were so many of them, faces obscured by goggles, hair concealed by caps, that John’s eyes slid from figure to figure without recognising any of them.
“You pulled them off, remember?” John said.
– but the taller boy merely sniffed and wiped at his nose delicately with two fingers, and John raised his eyebrows but nonetheless blessed his friend before turning back to his homework.
already, so he didn’t need to ask John to stop.
[in which there is a conversation and a train ride]
He groaned.
Sherlock smiled to himself. “Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
John scrubbed a hand over his face in frustration. He lamented the organisation – or seeming lack thereof – of Boots under his breath and continued raking the shelves with his eyes.
Sherlock looked at him as if he was mad for a moment, but understanding suddenly cleared his expression. “Muhammad.”
Why did he just take another sip of tea? It was vile, he’d just tried it and thought that it was and then took another sip. Idiot.
“Would you like to learn to waltz?” Sherlock said.
The next few minutes were a whirlwind of goodbyes, slaps on the shoulder and promises to meet up in the holidays that would probably never come to fruition. One by one, the boys left, the group outside thinning until only John remained.
“Your favourite,” Victor purred.
“Your arch enemy, apparently. What kind of sixteen year old has arch enemies, Sherlock?” John could barely contain the mixture of anger and fear creeping into his voice.
“You can look now, if you like.”
“Vital information, John.”
“Take your marks…”
“Listen, mate, I’m only trying to help.” John said in what he hoped was a soothing tone, putting up his hands in defeat.
“…Five… four… three… two…”
There was an uncomfortable pause, a hole in the noise of the yells of encouragement from those on the sofas to Mike and Freckles and the heavens opening with a rumble of thunder that rattled the old windows in their frames.
Once the Watsons had each polished off a generous slice of cake, John’s mum hurried out of the dining room saying something about John’s presents. When she sidled back into room, she was concealing something behind her back.
“It’s a wonder what hacking into a database and cancelling a few things can do,” Sherlock replied nonchalantly.
“Your accent is terrible,” Sherlock took a mouthful and was pleasantly surprised.
All the competitors were more or less neck and neck at the end of the first length. Sherlock tucked himself under the water in the same forward roll he’d done the first night they’d gone swimming together and disappeared.
It took Sherlock a second to work out what John had sent him, but when he did, he sighed.
They let go of each other’s faces, and Sherlock felt a mixture of idiotic and elated, and John wiped an invisible tear from his eye.
The two talked about the technicalities of the upcoming competition until they reached the rugby pitch, where they abandoned the conversation in favour of warming up for the practise.
Sherlock was sitting at his desk, doing what seemed to be a titration of sorts, with equipment that was surely stolen from somewhere. John got out his uniform and quickly got dressed while his roommate’s back was turned. He studied himself in the mirror. He felt very strange in these new clothes. He could see the same old face, same old hair, same old eyes, but everything else was different. The uniform was uncomfortable. It clung to him in all the wrong places and itched. It consisted of black trousers, a sky blue shirt and a black blazer. The boys also had to wear a house-specific tie. Doyle’s was a deep red that bordered on maroon, with four blue stripes under the knot and a small gold emblem of a snake curling up a sword in front of an open book – the school crest – in the pointed tip.
“Oh, come on,” pleaded John, “it’ll be fun! Mike says it was a right riot last year, and hey, you love any excuse to wear black tie.”
“Yep.”
“I presume you’re going to university, then,” Sherlock said as John was pulling on his pyjama top.
Sherlock dipped a wire into hydrochloric acid, then into a powder. He held the wire over the Bunsen, watching as the flame burned lilac.
“Look, I’m really sorry, but I’ve got to stay home tonight,” John apologised. “We’ll meet up another time, yeah?”
“Okay,” John said, eager to get Sherlock somewhere quiet. “Come on, I’ll give you the grand tour,” he said, mainly for his mother’s benefit, as he led Sherlock upstairs.
He set the vase carefully in the middle of the table so as not to spill any of the water it contained, and took the flowers off John. Once they had been swiftly arranged and the wrapping binned, Sherlock led John back out and into the hall, then kept going at quite a pace up the stairs.
Sherlock heard John fall asleep that night.
Sherlock swallowed.
John dragged Sherlock away with him and they followed Mike out of Lestrade’s house into the foyer and out of the front door onto the driveway.
“Not now, Mike,” John replied. He would apologise later. He had to get to Sherlock before he was dragged where John couldn’t reach him.
John's exit from their window was a little smoother this time, and soon the pair were walking silently down the alleyway. It was a frigid night. The sky was clear, the moon had waned into a sliver of weak light. The twin beams of torchlight jumped jerkily as the boys walked, unsure of what they were supposed to be focusing them on.
should be replaced with a good bit of Dizzee Rascal, personally. Just as patriotic.”
But then she turned at the doorway. “Oh, I forgot – your auntie wants a word. She’s in the drawing room.”
“It’s so soft,” he said. “Like… “
His friend looked at him for a second, with those eyes he could barely see in the night air, and then took the small cube from him.
“John!” Sarah screamed.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft said in a tone of voice that made Sherlock turn around. “Remember that you can’t go gallivanting around being the detective of the school forever.”
A song for this chapter:
Sherlock frowned. He lowered his book slowly, revealing John’s face. The glint in his friend’s eyes made all thoughts of Ovid evaporate.
Sherlock looked at the mess the boys had left behind. He would have to go to the police. If he had just met two adults, then he would have ditched the drugs –
He had to get off the street.
Sherlock couldn’t think of an alibi, so he said nothing.
“It’s so beautiful out here,” John breathed.
John shot a look at Mike, who was laughing at them, and replied, “Not by my own volition!”
“I don’t feel it,” John said. “I feel like I’m just trying this on. Have you seen all the people outside?” he indicated towards the window. “It looks like the world and its wife have come out to see this match.” He turned around and looked Sherlock in the eye. “I’m a little bit terrified, to be honest.”
The animosity that had overtaken Sherlock’s features was almost shocking enough to make John agree to his proposition on the spot.
“Fine.” Sherlock said, with resolve. “Here’s what I know about you, three hours after meeting you.”
“By proving Carl Powers was murdered. That I did it. Because I did, and he was. But it’s going to be hard - no-one is going to listen to you.”
Sherlock watched the secretary follow him out into the corridor to make sure he didn’t run away. Sherlock shot a glance at Greg, but the boy was buried in a book and not paying the proceedings any attention.
“No worse.”
“Point five of what? You’re talking nonsense, John, I think you ought to slow down.”
John nodded, unable, suddenly, to form any sound.
“For what?”
And that was it.
The spoken-for guests were dancing with their partners to Mycroft’s playing something slow and almost melancholy on the piano, some of the younger kids doing their best and most balletic dancing in between them, and John felt like he could bury himself in a sofa and float between sleep and wakefulness on the waves of the music.
John had been distracted by Sherlock appearing to dig at the wooden floor with a scalpel. “Mud,” he muttered. John and Nadia glanced at each other.
“Hello, you bastard,” he shook his head. “Alright?”
The Lancaster boy said something in return and sat down. John turned back to Sherlock.
The rest nodded and John felt his stomach turn.
“He smokes, though, that’s not as ideal. Used to box, broke his nose in a match once. He’s been d–” Sherlock stopped, swallowed. He hadn’t realised that he was going to say that until it had come out of his mouth, and he knew that that was not something that John would have wanted to hear. He wanted stability, for his mother and for himself, wanted reliability. So he tried to cover it, coughed, but felt John’s eyes on him, knew he’d heard.
“Mm?”
John put his hand over his heart. “Swear on my life it’s all true.”
Massive thanks to this person on YouTube for making this very moving video about their experience with grief, and to @cmorris-art on Tumblr for sending it to me. This chapter was tough to write but this video helped.
“No!” Harry said, grabbing his face and squeezing it between her hands. “Let’s wake up mum!”
Sherlock laughed shortly. “No. Girls are not really my area.”
“Of course. Get yourself comfy,” John said, lying down on his back and remembering how his father used to tell stories. They had always begun with the same phrase. Louis shifted and stuck a thumb in his mouth, and John took a breath. “A long, long time ago, in a country far, far away, there lived two princes. One was named Louis, and one was named Henry, and they had inherited a great and bountiful kingdom from their parents, who were off doing royal visits, and so had left their sons in charge for a little while. Now, Prince Louis was renowned…”
“CAMHS, specifically, John.”
John pursed his lips. He flashed him a quick, false smile. “We’ll see.”
“If some support officer turns up at my door, John, I will have your head, d’you hear?”
“What do you want?”
“And today?”
“John -” she cut off with a cough. “Johnny, sweetie, what’re you doing here?”
Sherlock grimaced. The annual game against St Bart’s rival school, Boscombe Valley High, was taking place that Saturday, the final day of the winter term, and John, still being in the first team despite his ‘little blip’, as his coach had called it, of skipping a practise the previous week, was participating. Sherlock had almost forgotten, as the world of sport registered so faintly on his radar. Almost. Not entirely. John’s excited chatter over the past couple of weeks, just sentences here and there, had kept it at the front of his mind.
He caught his own gaze in the mirror above the sink and stilled for a moment. He wasn’t quite used to his reflection yet. He turned his head this way, then that. He leaned in close and examined his eyes.
“Uh,” John took all his fingers but two off Sherlock’s neck. “Regular, more or less. Elevated.”
“I’ve heard of some... run-ins, of course,”
“Who’s this?”
“He’s not here. And hating the people who killed him will do nothing to change that. Have some fucking humanity, mum.”
He went to unlock the door, but found it was already open.
that much younger than you.”
“Who’s that?”
He sat back, and smiled at Sherlock for a moment, before seemingly catching himself, swallowing, and slipping into doctor mode. “How are you feeling?”
“That was nice,” John said.
John sucked air in through his teeth. The comment needled at several tender places inside him, but he didn’t let it poke too deep, because Sherlock was saying his name up ahead and the sun was shining and he was nearly done with his exams. If they could just make it to speech day, John thought. Just until the half term holiday. Just a week and a bit. Perhaps everything would be okay.
John saw Sally roll her eyes out of the corner of his. “Uh,” he said, tongue tied – it was so uncharacteristic of Sherlock to entrust anyone with anything that it threw him a little that apparently he considered John capable enough. Sherlock was waiting for an answer, though, one foot out the door, so he blurted out, “Yes, yeah, of course, go,” and before his brain could fill in the ‘thank you’ he would never have said aloud but felt as deeply as one feels love and hate and envy and sorrow, Sherlock was gone.
The sign read
He scrolled through the headlines of the newly-broken day on his phone, but even the atrocities listed there couldn’t stave off exhaustion.
“Hey, you okay?”
“I remember that picture being taken,” Sherlock said over his shoulder, voice soft, tone neutral. “It was something to send to my grandparents. Mycroft kept teaching me new words to keep me occupied. I had just learnt what ‘serendipity’ meant.”
John laughed, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
Mrs Hudson came in to wake Sherlock on the morning that they were due to travel back to St Bart’s to find him sprawled on his bed, fully dressed, a blue knitted bobble hat wedged on his head.
“What about – “
John’s feet drew him to Sherlock’s side outside the sports hall. Mike and Molly had waited for him, too, but it was Sherlock’s shoulder John brushed with his own as they walked back to their houses. It was Sherlock’s opinion on the exam John wanted to hear.
Sherlock shot John a mischievous grin and stood behind his aunt, arm raised and fist clenched around an imaginary knife, mouth opening and shutting around silent babbles, imitating the woman, and John nearly dropped the glasses he was carrying.
“Ha. No. Sit.”
“Good morning, Sherlock,” he returned, all kinds of mirth and disbelief in his voice.
“We need your help,” Sherlock said. In the corner of his vision, he could see John turn to him, a look of delightedly smug surprise on his face at his wording, and ignored him.
John looked around him - he was alone. He stood there, staring at the file, grappling with himself. To open it, to look at the information, would be a gross breach of confidentiality. On the other hand, Sherlock was growing more and more frustrated with their lack of progress on his case, and more information about Carl could give them a new insight, point them in a new direction…
“No, John. This is not the eighteen hundreds.”
“John, why are you talking to me?”
“Not literally, I hope,” he said, reaching for his pyjama top.
“So. Not long to go.”
John watched Harry making the tea. She looked so young. She
“Come in,” he called, scribbling down a change to the bar he was currently working on.
At that, an odd rush of…
“Did you change the music?” Sherlock asked John, who was a lot further on with his drawing – Sherlock realised he must have been gone again, and for some time.
Doyle got into position on the pitch first, followed by Dickens -
me,” Sherlock spat. John said nothing, but studied the vehement face of this strange boy sitting opposite him. Sherlock whipped around again to his work and threw himself back into it with a feverish intensity.
He had seen John in all sorts of states of undress before – he seemed to have very little self-consciousness when changing in recent weeks. When they had first met, changing in front of each other had been a little awkward, but now John had no reservations about wandering about topless, the same as the other boys. Sherlock himself had never really been one for all that, and he rarely changed clothes in front of John anyway, but the one time John had walked in on him half-naked had pleasantly surprised him.
Sherlock ripped his goggles off, rubbing his face with his hands. He bobbed in the water for a moment, eyes closed, before turning to Doyle. The corners of his mouth, open as he panted, turned up shyly at his congratulations, and then he turned away, making his way to the side of the pool when he was told.
The balcony of the spectator seating was stuffed with boys, and John had only just realised that there were no housemasters with them. He cast his eyes downward and saw Lestrade standing under the sign marking lane three as Doyle’s at the end of the pool furthest from John. He was wearing blue plastic covers over his shoes, and John could see the dark patches of sweat under his arms from where he was standing. He looked hot and disgruntled, chatting with the housemaster of Dickens.
Sherlock jerked his arm away. “No, not cocaine, not tonight. I wouldn’t be here if I wanted that.”
They crunched onto the gravel drive, and John felt his stomach twist in something he could only label as nervousness. The house was grand and old, the turning circle packed with parked cars. There was a large pine tree in the middle of said turning circle, looking like a huge Christmas tree in the way that it was draped with lights.
Sherlock shrugged. John heaved a sigh and got down from his bed, quickly changing out of his uniform before the two boys left for the dining hall.
“Jesus Christ,” he cursed quietly, and shook his head, then laughed briefly and addressed his friend. “Have you ever considered going into acting?”
“Hi,” John replied. There was a pause in which whatever they had been arguing about hung between the two parties, but neither seemed to want to break the awkward stalemate with John in the room. “Do you want to speak to Sherlock, or…?”
He slipped back under the duvet and turned off the lamp, plunging the room into darkness.
John took a longer shower than usual, only getting out once someone banged on the door to complain. It had helped to settle his nerves a little. At breakfast, Sherlock ate, but John felt something sink in him as he watched him eye his food with what he could only term as apprehension.
This feeling of being completely and utterly content to do absolutely nothing at all was new to Sherlock. With the snow falling silently outside and John lying on a sofa, flicking through television channels and making puns out of programme names, and with lunch settling in his stomach, Sherlock felt an ease which he hadn’t felt for a very long time.
One minute seventeen.
“I know, mum, but…”
The air was still. A smattering of applause drifted up to them from the cricket pitch. A bird sang.
John narrowed his eyes. He hadn’t mentioned a word about neither Anderson nor Sally in his Herald piece – he didn’t see why he should have, the focus of the text was mourning the loss of the animals anyway. “Any time,” he said dryly, making to move away again.
“You’re never hungry,” John replied. “You weren’t hungry two mornings ago when you ate all of my toast. Or last week, when half of my curry mysteriously disappeared when I went up to get more water. Oh, and when was it? Yesterday night? When you said you hated hot chocolate not two minutes before you nicked mine before I could even take a sip and I had to make ano-”
Henry and Louis were also sleeping in Sherlock’s room. There was a large inflatable mattress on the floor: two pillows, one duvet.
“It’s of you, so of course you think it’s beautiful.”
Sherlock took John’s confused silence as a response and clarified. “I helped out the head of sport a couple of years ago. I covered up something that he definitely did not want becoming common knowledge; thereby I am excused indefinitely from compulsory games.  Sometimes I swim, however. But late at night, when there is no chance of running into other... humans.”
Sherlock just shook his head, looking out over the fields.
But he didn’t know if he could bear being at home. He felt like filth to admit it, even to himself, but his house had become less and less like the home he remembered over the past few months. There had been so many rows, and so much bickering, and crying, and the walls had seemed to drip with the barely suppressed anger of a family being wrenched slowly, wilfully apart by something that should have united them. And when John’s letter of acceptance from the prestigious boarding school in Bedfordshire had slipped unassumingly through their letterbox, the quiet, forced civility that followed was almost worse.
John put his phone down, the sound of it loud in the stillness of the room.
Sherlock snorted as an idea struck him. “Stay there a moment, John,” he instructed, making his way down the corridor, hearing John shout after him,
Seb laughed as he crossed the finish. “Fifth place is still respectable,” he said to John. “…ish,”
“You never ask
“John, actually – Mycroft, I – ”
A quick heads-up:
If he flipped back even further, to the summer and beyond, the drawings were less coherent, mainly consisting of shadows and smudges and shapes, nothing solid. His therapist had said that doing these drawings every damn day would help him to develop the ability to look at his emotions objectively, to unpick them and to work through them in a healthy way. The wording was cringe-worthy to him, but John had to admit to himself that there might have been something in it. He had certainly felt more stable over the last couple of months, so maybe it had, finally, been paying off. But that could have just been attributed to the change of scenery, the lack of opportunities to trap himself inside his own head – or simply the progression of time as it did its thing.
John snorted. “Seriously, though. You look healthier.”
“Same as the earrings,” John said.
“Oh, wow, that was truly pathetic. Was that…
house, or the house of his parents more likely. He looked too young to own the house - he still had acne. Sherlock stood in front of him and said something, to which the man replied something else, and soon the two were conversing tersely. The man had his arms crossed and his shoulders back and was apparently trying to look down his nose at Sherlock despite them being roughly the same height. John could not see Sherlock’s face, but his body language was languid and nonchalant, with a somewhat arrogant cock of the head.
“That’s a shame,” Sherlock interrupted.
Percy was loitering by Sherlock, who shooed him away with a flick of his hand.
“Riskier.”
He was willing himself not to fall asleep, having flopped onto one of the sofas in the drawing room. John had been sitting on the floor next to him for a while, but had gone to the kitchen for something a couple of minutes ago.
He rubbed at his shoulder.
, John thought to himself.
Sherlock scowled defensively. “All information has a potential to be useful.”
“You’re fierce tonight, babe,” Victor continued, trailing his fingers down Sherlock’s arm before holding it tight.
“What won’t last? Who was that? Sherlock?” John asked in a low tone.
“I think seventeen.” There was a small pause. “Do you… think she’s pretty?”
And there they sat, for minutes, hours, days, who knew, who could tell. There they sat, Sherlock’s eyes boring into John’s until he looked at him again, keeping the eye contact, keeping John grounded until he stopped shaking, until his breathing calmed, until they were breathing in unison, in, out, in out, in, out.
Sherlock flicked the light on as he entered the kitchen, John close behind. The pantry door squeaked a little as he pulled it open. Through a doorway in the pantry was the wine cellar.
“You’re insane already! Just come into town. You can deduce me things, call me an idiot, interfere with something – try and break into the police station, anything,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “God, you can be so fucking annoying sometimes.”
“One hundred and fifty pounds. For this and the power cut. I’ll find you tomorrow.” Sherlock opened the door.
“I suppose you’ll want to hear all about St. Bart’s, but there’s not much to tell, really. It’s a school, pretty much the same as any other school. I still want to be a doctor… oh, I wish you could meet my biology teacher, you’d love him. He’s this old guy and he’s mad as a hatter, and he cracks these really crappy puns all the time and I’m the only one who laughs at them. And you’d like my housemaster as well. He used to be a policeman, like you.
And back to the beginning.
A sound from the floor above, and they froze.
“John, do you remember James? James Sholto?”
“All clear, Sherlock?” Mike asked.
“Get set,” said the announcer, the boys moving into a strange, half-standing positon, and John really did stop breathing.
“Didn't you go to lunch?”
Sherlock snorted. “Ah, yes, England, what a pure and blameless country.”
.” He used his free hand to rake his fingers through his hair - and as he pushed his fringe back, John saw a dribble of red at his temple.
Angelo frowned.
John smiled, then Harry called him from the living room.
He scrolled through his pictures to find the ones of his piece, sending the one without Sherlock in, and then going back to find the one with Sherlock smiling.
Sherlock chewed his lip. “You’ll see. If I’m right, you’ll see.”
“You’re a quick learner, Sherlock, you’re doing really well,” John encouraged him.
In the blue light of the television as it flickered over his features, John’s eyes were fixed on the film. He himself had admitted that it was a bad movie, and yet he still watched it. In that way, John was very similar to the rest. To other people. He liked his home comforts; hot drinks, warm socks, crappy rom-coms. ‘Escapes’ had been the term Mycroft had used. Sherlock’s ‘escapes’, he supposed, were the drugs and the deductions – data, data, data. Scientific, logical, understandable.
“Come with me,” Sherlock said, and spun on his heel, leading John down a passage. John noticed a change in the architecture – it was as if this part of the building was older, and was more of the style that John would have expected to find in a farmhouse cottage than in a quasi-mansion. The ceiling was much lower, and the supporting beams were exposed. John almost tripped on the uneven flooring.
“Dan,” John said. “Kai, Toby, Pete – happy Halloween.”
“What for?”
“No,” Sherlock replied. “But he did have breaks every hour.”
John’s phone woke him with a harsh tune that he had always hated. He parted his head from the pillow with difficulty and tapped on the screen. It was a quarter to seven, and he had three unread texts, one from his mum, one from Dan, and one from his sister. They were all sent yesterday, and, annoyingly, as Sherlock had pointed out, John had indeed seen his phone flashing with each one, but had chosen to ignore them. He silenced the alarm and sat up.
“Parties are not my forte, John,” Sherlock said quietly.
His home looked like a faded photograph; the off-white walls, the once-bright red door, the greying weeds in tangles in the tiny front garden. John had only been away a week, but the contrast between the extravagance of Bart’s and the simplicity of his home was great and gaping and John couldn’t ignore it.
“Jesus Christ, Harry,” John cursed, letting her go. “Go take a cold shower, you’re smashed.”
“Are you likely to remain Sherlock Holmes’ roommate?” There was something about the drop in pitch in the man’s voice that made John uneasy.
But his face was back in the water, ears submerged.
That had been more heartfelt than John had been expecting, and he was trying to think of a way to reply that would match Sherlock’s tone.
“I invited him to parties, but he never came. He never saw any of my friends, I never saw any of his. I only ever saw him or his dad. No siblings, no pets, his mum worked late. So we kind of existed in our own little bubbles where the only points of intersect were each other. It was weird, he was kind of depressing to be around sometimes, but we became quite close anyway. I think because he knew about things my other friends didn’t. I could be a little more open with myself around him, I think.”
“We need to move the body.”
John briskly finished getting changed, pocketed some money, and went to find Mike.
“Which one?”
“I think you’re on your own there, mate,” Mike said.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he breathed. “You scared the shit out of me.”
Before John could hiss a warning at his friend, however, he interrupted the girl.
When Sherlock received John’s message back, he couldn’t resist grinning at the ridiculous expression of exasperation his friend was wearing before replying.
“I asked if any of the work experience places looked even mildly worth my time.”
“You’re supposed to hug back, moron,” John interrupted, aware that they were attracting attention and also in the way of the girls from Kay who were beginning to make their way into the wings.
Content warning for descriptions of death via drowning. To avoid, skip from "A memory returned to Sherlock" to "John was silent for a second." Open this information in a new tab
“Er...” Sherlock began.
John laughed and looked up to wave back, but the car had begun to drive off. He waved anyway.
“Sherlock?” came John's voice.
“Sherlock? Are you still there?”
so, I
Somehow, they ended up with another bottle of beer each, and Sherlock hated the taste, but kept drinking it, because it made the warmth in his belly more ambiguous. Somehow, they ended up in the drawing room, standing by a wall.
“She’s good,” Harry replied, and John could hear the smile in her voice. “We’re good.”
Once he’d managed the entire song once through, he turned to Sherlock with such an expression of triumph that Sherlock couldn’t help grinning back.
“The first race is at two forty-five, but I need to be down half an hour early.” Sherlock explained. “You missed a sock,” he added, pointing to one that was hidden beneath a pair of jeans.
“Romantic,” Mike commented.
“I – I w-?” Sherlock began, but Karim shoved him underwater. When he came to the surface again, more boys were in the water, and he barely had time to take a breath before they all flung themselves upon him.
(See the end of the chapter for
John grinned. “Right. I’d better go – thank you again, Molly, we really appreciate it.”
He found Sherlock in Lestrade’s kitchen.
He brought his hands up to rub at his face, the action making the lights flick on again. He couldn’t move. It was taking all his energy to stop himself reaching for the bags, leaving no energy to even contemplate taking a step backwards, let alone leaving the room.
Then John’s name was called by someone in the mob of the rest of Doyle, and John turned around briefly to return that, yeah, he was coming, then turned back to Sherlock.
I'm going to keep banging on about.
“Well observed, John,” drawled Sherlock. “A friend of mine – well, I say friend…” he grinned dangerously before returning to his desk and staring intently at whatever was in all those (stolen) beakers and conical flasks.
“Um… Shelley, I think,” John replied. “Why?”
The supermarket was decked out in the Christmas decorations that had probably been up since the moment the thirty first of October had ticked over to the first of November, Mariah Carey playing quietly over the speakers.
“Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?”
“Today,” Sherlock corrected.
There is a bit of old-ish English in here, so for those who don’t know…
John straightened up, squared his shoulders, and walked back to house, ignoring the unsteadiness in his legs.
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips apologetically. “They were all eaten yesterday.”
John cocked his head. “Really?”
“He’s my roommate,” John answered cautiously. “Why’d you ask?”
“A little,” Sherlock said, after a pause.
He slid out of bed and leaned over the child, feeling Sherlock watch him as he scooped Louis up and carried him to the fort. He bent down and placed the boy on the mattress next to his brother, who blinked open his eyes groggily. He arranged the duvet and smoothed Louis’ hair of his forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m fine,” Sherlock replied, but John still paused.
,” Sherlock emphasised to the bewildered pensioner behind the counter in the post office.
“Needless to say, the invigilators thought I was pulling some sort of prank. They kicked me out.”
Ten minutes later, John had constructed a small and very rudimentary fort surrounding the air mattress using the armchair, desk, various cushions and sheets that Sherlock had found for them and some string that was in one of Sherlock’s draws. The sheets had been strung up, circus tent-like, from the chandelier, the rest of the furnishings being used for additional decoration and reinforcement. Once they had turned the lights off and strung a torch up above the mattress, even Henry begrudgingly admitted that it looked “pretty cool, I guess.”
“That’s what I assumed by the tie, but I just wanted to double-check,” John said, backspacing and staring at the blinking cursor. “I’ve only been here a couple of months, so I still forget which is which sometimes,” he smiled, in what he hoped was a reassuring manner – the boy’s eyes never seemed to settle, jumping around the room.
“Okay. Okay, yes, that makes sense. What about the circle on the window, then? Or why Eliza had that pendant?”
Not here.
“Pay me with what?” Victor asked suggestively.
“You – did Eric tell you about that?” John asked.
“Still does!”
“I don’t – the thought of him knowing you before I did, it’s weird, that’s all.”
John succeeded in coaxing Sherlock to eat and they spent a pleasant hour milling with their housemates while balancing heavy-laden paper plates on their hands. John and his mother spent some time talking with Mike’s parents, who had the same kind smiles as their son. Mike’s mother asked him about his plans for after school and he dutifully answered her questions, agreeing that yes, it would be wonderful if he and Mike ended up at the same university - but he hesitated over telling her about the army, conscious of Sherlock’s presence at his elbow, and then the conversation moved on and the opportunity was gone. He realised that he and Sherlock never really did finish the conversation they had started in Lestrade’s kitchen the previous evening. He replayed it in his mind - Sherlock’s face when he had described John making him tea, and then his face when John had put his foot in it and said the entirely wrong thing - and understood, now, what he should have said.
He turned around and saw a ball of paper on the floor. He reached down and smoothed it out.
A memory flared briefly: the first time he had kissed Victor. They had taken the same pill, and Sherlock had tasted the same chemical tang on Victor’s tongue as he had tasted on his own.
“Oh! I wanted to see how deeply asleep you were!” Sherlock shook his friend, but John ignored him. “Listen, John, this is important! I need to tell you this! You hadn’t had a nightmare in a week and I wanted to see – you usually have them at that time and if you didn’t wake up – that amount of pain – I wasn’t sparing, remember? On purpose, I hurt you on purpose, though you didn’t feel – you would have woken up had you not been so deeply asleep – don’t you understand?”
“John - ” Sherlock started.
A knock at his door and a line of light spilling in from the corridor widening as it creaked open.
“Not really, just going home to see my parents and my sister.”
“The brain is what matters, everything else is-”
Sherlock nodded absently, abruptly walking towards the door.
Everything happens for a reason.
He had barely been able to catch snatches of John and the Turner girl’s conversation, but he had confidence that his phone, placed in John’s chest pocket, having been assured that no diving on the floor with weaponry was to occur today, would have recorded what he’d missed.
The question surprised Sherlock a little, but he agreed and shifted over a little so that John could sit on the piano stool beside him.
“Oh, no, he did. He had a four hour detention every Saturday night until the end of the year.”
Mike looked at him for a second, then continued. “The next thing I remember clearly is being in the hospital. Apparently, when Molly and Lestrade arrived, I had wrapped Sherlock up in my hoodie and was sort of hugging him. Then the ambulance people showed up and took over. Anyway, the next few hours were a blur of Molly crying, and talking to people in uniforms, and Lestrade looking serious, and a lot of shaking. I remember I was shaking for quite a bit.
“Fine. Woke up early and wanted a bit of air.”
“See that? He knew I’d be talking to you. He, uh, says hello, by the way. And so does my friend Mike.”
The woman’s eyes widened. The toddler tugged on her skirt. “Mummy, why are his eyes – ?”
Saturday. Speech day. The biggest event in the school’s calendar, the end of exam season, the end of the half term. John wished he had forgotten about it, but the date had been looming in the background every time Sherlock had thrown up, or stumbled over a word.
All of your comments and kudos and general loveliness has been so wonderful, I can't put into words how thankful I am for your continued support.
John sang louder. “’CAUSE THIS IS THRILLER, THRILLER NIGHT – do the actions, Sherlock!”
Sherlock was so undeserving of his grace.
of meeting with him every Sunday night to discuss useless things like how we are, or some such rubbish. It varies. He’ll want to give us our timetables tonight though, and will lecture us on how we must start the year as we mean to go on, and to set a good example to the younger years, and to take our responsibilities as Lower Sixth seriously, and so on and so forth. It’s a bore, honestly. Each year group in each house has a separate tutor and we got landed with Gregson. It’s a disgrace.”
John’s mouth fell open in confusion at the rapid burst of French, but his confusion quickly turned to surprise as Sherlock fired something back, matching Henry in language and tone.
“I mean…” Jamie leant back. “I think he had maybe one or two detentions before he came into Golding, in year eight or something. Maybe for fighting, maybe for missing curfew, I can’t remember. I didn’t know him that well.” He looked at John. “But, like. He’s dead now. What does it matter?”
“You’ve, uh, come across Ovid’s beauty tips.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “It is like trying to describe the concept of colour, John. It's not something I remember consciously learning. It just
“It was a car crash. Boring, huh? It was my sixteenth, as you’ve probably worked out, and we were having a bit of a family get-together down at my grandparents’. Dad handed me my ceremonial ‘first’ beer and took me outside like something was important. I asked him what he wanted, because there was nothing out there except his old Ford Fiesta and the rest of my relatives’ cars and it was cold and I wasn’t wearing any shoes. Then he swept his arm towards his car and said,
“Ninety four percent,” Sherlock said, putting down his glass and grabbing a knife from the countertop. He carefully sliced open the envelope and tipped its contents into his hand.
I have been working on this for about five hours today so I am going to stop typing now before my fingers fall off.
He made his way to his form room, knocked twice and opened the door, earning himself a sigh of disapproval from his tutor and a collective tut from his friends. He grinned at them as he wove between the desks to his usual seat beside Mike, who tutted at him.
John leaned closer to Sherlock, whipped the camera from behind his back, held it aloft, pulled a face and clicked the shutter. Sherlock was definitely in the frame, hopefully with his mouth half-open in the middle of his sentence. John laughed, winding the dial. Sherlock still looked slightly panicked.
It was a handful of days into October, and John had coaxed and cajoled and pleaded with Sherlock for about seventy-two hours straight to get him to simply go to a meal. Finally, on one crisp Tuesday, his stubborn roommate gave in to the hunger that was no doubt gnawing at his insides and was now trailing John around the serving area of the dining hall.
As soon as the backstroke competitor for Doyle touched the side of the pool he began at, the boy poised on the starting block dove into the water.
John laughed, and Harry even saw the smallest trace of a smile at the edges of Sherlock’s mouth, a ghost of the one she had been privy to on Halloween.
Sherlock hummed. He didn’t meet John’s gaze and John took that as his cue to leave.
, Sherlock thought. He found John’s attempts at romantic entanglements quite pitiful; he didn’t seem to be able to hold anything down for more than a couple of weeks.
“My – ?”
He looked away, back to the informal dancefloor that the guests had created. Two of the littler children were dancing together in an amalgamation of a variety of ballroom dances. John laughed. “Aw,” he cooed, “look at those two.”
“Be-fucking-yoncé, Sherlock.”
[in which there are a lot of canapés]
Sherlock made a frustrated sound. “Have a guess.” When John gave him a glare, he rolled his eyes. “Well, he’s more than simply a well-known dealer to me, isn’t he?” he snapped quietly.
Boys were rushing to and fro, shouting to one another – “Do you have a spare house top?” “Can I borrow your shorts?” – and Lestrade was standing in the middle of it, seemingly talking to five boys at once.
Somehow, his tangled, stupid, infuriating brain had begun to equate the incident in the bathroom earlier that day with a betrayal of John’s trust, of his kindness, of… of him. Of John.
Anderson came in after them and leaned on the table. “What now?”
And Sherlock was right. Absolutely nothing out of the ordinary had happened before or since the discovery of those three words that would link them to a further lead, or even to the case itself, because, as John had pointed out, there didn’t appear to be a mystery there to solve.
“Anyway. I was hoping,” she said, hopping down from the desk and indicating for him to follow her out of the classroom, “that I could ask you your advice on this particular piece I want to write. You see, I find your roommate fascinating. I’ve had half an eye on him since he was in year nine and I’ve always wondered, how does a person end up like that?”
John was so ready to punch him, fists clenching and unclenching at his sides, shoulders back, legs locked, he was so ready –
Sherlock found himself unable to respond to that. Whatever he typed out felt wrong, out of place.
“I’ve been trying, Johnny, I really have. But with the economy and everything else, everyone’s fighting over the same jobs. You’ll understand when you have to make a living for yourself.”
Sherlock was awake when John returned to their room. He turned to him when John entered, and John could have sworn his eyes flicked down to his bare torso for a split second before he declared,
“This arrived for you,” he said, throwing the parcel up to John where he stood with Mike halfway up the stairs.
“Oh, come on, it was vaguely funny.”
is he?” he yelled, but John barely heard him over the blood rushing through him.
“Yeah, of course,” he smiled.
could be heard from the stage, and John realised there wasn’t much time left.
John grabbed his face and turned it roughly. The concern of earlier had all but dissolved. He prised his eyelids open and peered at his pupils – left first, then right.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows before getting up and going to his bookshelf. He heard John follow him.
“Richie!” John called. The boy didn’t hear him, so he repeated himself, again to no avail. He finally caught up to the boy, placing himself in his path so the boy had to stop.
He put a hand on John’s arm, just above the elbow. When John neither flinched away nor opened his eyes, Sherlock gripped tighter, until he could see, even in the strange half-light, that his fingertips were digging into John’s flesh.
“I’m… using her. For Carl’s case.”
John let his imagination run into a tale of dragons and princesses and knights, and five minutes later, had to stifle a yawn. He looked over to Louis, who had his eyes closed and mouth open.
“Were we what?” Sherlock replied. John knew he knew exactly
“Loo,” Sherlock replied. “This is insufferable.”
“I’ll be back late,” she said.
“Yes, sir,” John interrupted. There was no winning. “I’m going to go and find him.”
“What?” said Richie. “I have to get to my lesson...”
and laughing emojis and
John cleared his throat and followed Sherlock’s cue to leave the conversation be for now. “She would have needed access to your medical records, and not just your school ones. Do you think she hacked into some database?”
“Hey, Kitty,” he greeted her. “What’s up?”
Sherlock was shaking his head disapprovingly like a concerned mother, and John felt like laughing at the absurdity of it all.
“Am I a good person?”
“Sure, okay,” John agreed. It seemed he nor Sherlock had much say in the matter.
“The invigilators are the only ones who know the seating layout. If M wasn’t invigilating, how would they have known where to leave that booklet so you would get it?”
Sherlock took a breath.
“Fuck off, I know,” the other whispered back.
Sherlock pushed him away gently, and John laughed.
“Well, you know I’ll be watching, so if you need me…” John trailed off, not looking at his friend, hoping he would fill in the gaps.
“What was worse, John? Daddy’s death or Sholto’s?”
There was a pause.
“Uh,” John said as he craned his neck as subtly as possible, but an older couple swayed their way into his line of vision and obscured his view. “I can’t tell, people are in the way now.”
. What Sherlock seemed to be most upset about was that the phrase they found that night was completely unrelated to anything.
Sherlock sighed. “No.”
“Yes, let’s,” Sherlock replied, not taking his eyes off Victor, who was glaring at him with a malignant half-smile. “If you’ll excuse me.”
An hour later, homework finished, John was sitting on his bed, doodling in his sketch pad. He wasn’t fully concentrating and was humming along to the music softly crooning at him from his laptop. Night had well and truly fallen, smothering the world in an inky blackness, penetrated only by the eerie calls of owls from afar.
“So, what’s the matter?” John finished.
“Well he doesn’t have any friends, so…” Mike looked over his shoulder at Curly and she trailed off.
John walked in, face scrubbed clean of the potion, and closed the door behind him.
Plausible deniability. That was it. That was what was different, the lack of it.
“We’d love to have you along.” Sherlock interjected.
“You certainly look the part,” he said.
As he walked up the path to the front door, there was a twitch at the curtains of the windows of the lounge. His fingertips had just grazed the metal of the door handle before the door was flung open from inside, and a wild form launched itself upon him in a fierce embrace that took John more than a little by surprise. Before John could regain his balance and hug the quivering Harry in return, she quickly pushed herself off him with a small cough. Her eyes betrayed her, though.
John opened his mouth and suddenly Harry was swept up in a story of kidnapping and drug dealing and housebreaking and of police and mystery and mayhem, and by the end of it both she and her mother were slack-jawed in disbelief.
At that, the boys fell silent, but the music continued to play as someone fumbled to turn it off, eliciting nervous laughter from those in its proximity. Once it had ceased, Lestrade finished counting.
The dark swimming pool stretched out at his dangling feet, perfectly symmetrical, the moonlight shining in through the glass ceiling and throwing harsh shadows in unnatural crevices. The clock mounted on the far wall told him it was nearly two in the morning. There was approximately ten minutes until John, whom Sherlock had left sleeping in their room around forty-five minutes ago, would enter into REM sleep again, as his sleep cycle revolved around once more. Statistically, there was only a small chance that John would have a nightmare per block of REM sleep, but he seemed to be particularly prone during the witching hours.
John stood up as the crowd shouted back to Beyoncé, and knew he was dancing in ways he’d probably regret if he was sober, but he wasn’t, so he continued to thrust his hips and gyrate, much to Sherlock’s shocked horror.
“Alright, Sherly?” Anderson began.
“Hi. Erm, I’m  new, and I just got here, and-”
“Indeed,” Sherlock agreed. “Has she gone away yet?”
“Did you say goodbye?”
After the nightmare had begun to fade, John slowly lowered the improvised weapon, scrubbing a hand over his eyes and feeling idiotic. He breathed for a few moments, letting his pulse drop.
“No,” he said, “there’s nothing going on.”
John suddenly couldn’t breathe.
“I hope you pay your gardeners well. This would be one hell of a job.”
“Sherlock,” John repeated. “Come down. Come down to me. Let’s talk, let me help - ”
John wrenched his hands free of the girls and got them around Charlie’s neck.
He let his arms swing heavily back to his sides, the movement catching his eye in the mirror. He met his own gaze and felt his heart sink.
John heard the shower turn off and the girls talking as he went downstairs and into the kitchen.
John watched Sherlock through the metal bars of his bed until he could no longer keep his eyes open.
John got started on his fish while Sherlock astutely did not eat anything.
Maybe it was simply someone else’s action, a story to tell.
John’s surprise at the familial address was dulled by the storm brewing in Sherlock’s features. He slid off the bed, feeling an argument darkening the horizon.
. “Lestrade had some friends over recently, and I’m sure some of them drank more than he’d realised,”
“Eat something.”
Sherlock hummed a noncommittal reply and twisted to see the back. “It could use a little adjusting.”
“The one I was supposed to sleep in tonight?”
John.
John put his head in his hands. “You’re insane. Utterly mad. Brilliant, but completely off your rocker.”
Once John was all kitted out, he and Sherlock traipsed downstairs, following the hubbub of voices emanating from the common room.
“No, I can wait until dinner,”
“Where are you going?” he asked.
John let Mike pay and load his arms up with plastic bags. Once they had all of the food, they walked back to the house.
He had a blistering urge to scrawl a remark at the end of his work, something along the lines of ‘
[in which there is - finally - pizza]
“Not bad,” he commented. “Not bad at all. Now again.”
HELLO! I'M BACK! It's not 10k like I promised, but I tried my damn best and managed 7k!
“Come on, John,” Sherlock said, striding out of the house. “It’s not like you’ve never seen snow before.”
“I’ve disappointed you,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah, had an amazing time,” John replied.
John hummed noncommittally. He was watching the children in the park around them. They were screaming with joy, laughing their bubbly little laughs. Their parents looked on from nearby benches.
“You’re different, John. Why are you like that? To me? Why do you never ask about my family, or how I slept, or – ”
“That’s Mr Lestrade, the housemaster,” Mrs Watson informed her daughter. “Shall we go and say hello?”
“That it?”
“Yes,” John insisted. “I remember writing down her house in the register as she came in because I remember stopping halfway through writing the second ‘L’ because that was when she started to chuck up, Sherlock.”
like Sherlock? Holy shit!”
Mycroft snorted. “Don’t be ridiculous. I just came to wish you a good half of term.”
“Fine.” Clara finished the braid and moved to fetch her shoes. “And no, I don’t need you to
He felt his heart rate drop, his breathing slow. He tried to calm his thoughts but they were swirling and his brain felt slow. He decided that was a job for tomorrow.
John laughed, and Sherlock’s expression dropped.
Concrete replaced grass underfoot.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on,” Mike interrupted. “You can’t just drop that on us and then move on. We need some backstory.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. John thought he was probably very far away.
He had just put down his spoon after finishing his jam sponge when Mike looked at his watch and half jumped out of his seat.
“He should have done,” John went on. “I’d like to put his name down for doing the music.”
Sherlock drew his eyebrows together. “It was what now?”
“Your best friend?”
“Fine,” replied Sherlock.
As John shifted to the fridge, Sherlock tracked his movement, and as the shorter boy crouched down to rummage for something, Sherlock’s eye was caught by a pile of letters on top of the fridge. One letter, specifically. It was three down in the pile, but the name written on the envelope was clearly visible due to the boy who collected the house’s post that morning being late for his first lesson and so being less than careful with the way he put down the missives. A name written in exactly the same handwriting as the three words emblazoned in yellow on the east-facing wall of Sherlock’s mind palace.
“Yes, well.” Eddie cleared his throat. “The music has to be live, no backing tracks allowed, so in order to pick a song, we – myself and the rest of the Upper Sixth – need to know by the middle of this week who can play an instrument to performance standards. Any instrument; sitar, harpsichord, castanets, whatever. If this applies to you, please come and see me by Tuesday night. We need all the talent we have.”
“He hasn’t composed in such a long time. He used to a lot when he was younger, but he stopped when he went away to school.” She smiled at him. “It’s good he’s back to it.”
“I thought Sherlock was a, what was it, a manipulative arsehole?” John jested gently.
“Wow,” said John, more than a little astonished. He wouldn’t have thought that Sherlock would have been so tactful at physical fighting – verbally, John knew that he could cut anyone down to size with one word and a smug smirk. He tried to imagine what a thirteen-year-old Sherlock would look like, and couldn’t help spluttering a laugh at the image that popped into his head.
He blamed Mycroft by default.
Not here.
Sherlock pointed to a door, eyes unfocussed, before he doubled over with a pained grunt. John ran into the bathroom, opening every cabinet in sight before finding the syringe. Luckily, there was a bottle already clipped into place, so John gingerly lifted the thing down and returned to Sherlock.
“So, who’s Raz?” John jogged up to him, a little out of breath. Sherlock didn't realise he had left him behind - he tended to assume John was always following him. That was usually the case.
Sherlock walked up to him.
“You know as well as I do, Mr Logical, that your body needs food for you to get better,” John reasoned, but Sherlock groaned again, more helplessly this time. John was not unaware that Sherlock may well have been playing him, so he reached over the metal frame of the bed and rested his hand against Sherlock’s forehead. He was burning – not a word John ever would have associated with that frost-pale skin, but burning nonetheless.
“It’s usually a drinking game, but we don’t have any more alcohol, so I guess we’ll just play without. Basically, you go round in a circle saying things you’ve never done, and if someone else in the circle has done it, they clap and put down a finger,” John explained, holding up his hands and bending a finger to demonstrate. “People can also request to hear the story behind it as well. But,” and now he was talking to the entire group, “we must agree that what’s said in this game never leaves this room. Yes?”
“I phoned nine-nine-nine and I had to tell the woman that I was sitting on a car bonnet with a dead man on my right and a dying man in front of me. She kept calling me ‘sir’ and I kept wanting to correct her because I was just a kid and I didn’t know what to do and now I was responsible for the death of two people and I’d only just got my national security number and those little symbols sure as hell didn’t spell out ‘sir’ and… sorry,”
Thy/thine = your(s)
“And not giving her a name is a way of distancing yourself from her humanity, makes opening up to her emotionally easier because she becomes less real if she is nameless? Yes?”
There was the tiniest pause before Sherlock answered. “No, not really.”
“It’s rather heavy, this parcel,” he said, as Sherlock tried to reach around John’s torso. John twisted and squirmed away to the other side of the room. “I wonder, did you see something you liked online too?”
The two boys were on their feet at the same time, bags in hand.
The conversation was on the pleasant side of quotidian, until Mycroft found a lull in which to turn to him and say, “I hear you’re starting school again on Monday, little brother.”
Sherlock didn’t reply to that, and they both watched as a small patch of dark appeared to move along the road towards the assembly hall, and after a second they caught wild singing on the wind.
Doyle’s senior team’s first match was against Dickens, and John and Sherlock caught each other’s gaze as someone shouted through a megaphone that two minutes remained until kick-off. Sherlock’s expression was serious, but he gave him the tiniest of nods, and that was all the encouragement John needed.
“Yeah, we miss you, man, it’ll be just like old times,” Pete added. “And Sherlock can come too if he wants.”
There was clattering in the kitchen. The silence underneath it stretched, pulled taught.
“Sherlock, of course, was having none of it, and told Glen to piss off. Of course, we were all awake by this time, and I asked Sherlock where he’d been and what he’d been doing. He said it’s none of my business and that we wouldn’t understand even if he did tell us. That didn’t go down too well. Glen, being Glen, said something like,” Mike put on an aggressive Scottish accent, “"You saying we’re stupid?" And Sherlock gave him this icy glare and went,
Dave was smiling at him still, amiable and pleasant. “And you, Sherlock. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
The next few houses performed without incident, and half way through Pullman’s enthusiastic and fantastically costumed rendition of
John washed the gunk out, Sherlock seeing only his knees as he knelt in front of him. He was gentle but firm as he pushed his hand through Sherlock’s hair over and over.
“Brilliant,” John said, whether it was to himself or to Sherlock was unclear.
“No, I’m not. I didn’t have any friends anyway,”
“Oh my God, what happened, Lottie?” he asked, voice low so as not to make her uncomfortable.
John sighed again. “Listen, Sherlock. Did you and him ever... uh, were you ever...?”
“Just a few arseholes, with some of whom I have the pleasure of sharing a rugby team. Been giving me a bit of grief in training recently,” he took a mouthful of tea. “Apparently, being your friend is some sort of occupational hazard around here.”
filled the cold bathroom. After a little while, the sound moved closer to him until it appeared that Sherlock was standing right next to him. Then, abruptly, the music cut out.
“Hundred and seven.”
“Well, no time for that. As you said, the ball’s only in ten days,” John said, bringing his eyes back to his own blazer. He tried not to smile at Sherlock’s sigh of exasperation.
“We didn’t talk about much, but I noticed that he basically couldn’t use his left arm, and I think he noticed me noticing, so he explained.”
“Leave it,” she interjected. “He’s high. Go after him. It’s fine.”
“N– oh my god,” John said, then dissolved in laughter, and despite himself, Sherlock could feel a smile tugging at his mouth, but John lowered the phone so he could scrub a hand over his eyes. “You’re completely ridiculous, you’re the most ridiculous person I’ve ever met.”
“Yeah, but if we have enough, can we go to Spain?”
The presenter was saying some final words, struggling to be heard over the screams of the crowd on the bank of the river.
They rose out of the water, biceps bulging with the strain of holding their own weight.
He looked up to find John with a mouthful of toast bobbing his head to the music.
“So how come you three are bilingual?”
Sherlock raised his head to breathe, ear momentarily clearing of water, and
Sherlock hesitated, and then nodded. Those pointless questions instantly regained their appeal and John wanted to ask
That he
“Clever enough?” Sherlock said. A machine clicked to his left, humming to life, and he jumped. He glanced out of the window - the clouds on the horizon were tinged with pink. Staff would be arriving for their morning shift soon. If he could just keep him talking... “And how do I do that?”
“I’ll pass the message on,” Sherlock smiled. They were both silent for a moment, then Sherlock stopped walking.
“Okay, smart arse,” the other boy responded. “No need to be rude.”
The boys looked at him in wonder. “Really?”
“You sound like a jealous girlfriend, John.”
, meeting up, in ten minutes - oh Jesus...”
“Eggs, cereal, I think we’ve got a little bread left – ”
John laughed uneasily.
That perfume had vaporised and had not appeared again.
Instead, he turned his attention to the square of floor underneath the sign claiming Doyle’s lane at the deep end. He made a comment to Mike about which year nines and tens were lining up to compete in the first race, and then swept his eyes around the room once more.
He turned over onto his left side. He could see John’s face between the metal bars of their beds.
“And thank you, love, but I’ll manage just fine. You two go and have fun.” She shooed them away. “And call me Jo!” she added as the two walked down the corridor.
“It’s a good nickname. Catchy,” Sherlock said, and John rolled his eyes.
Hi everyone, I'm back! By now you're probably sick of hearing me excusing myself and I am definitely sick of doing it, so again, I'm sorry, but again, I'm trying my hardest. Anyway, to thank you for your patience, along with another chapter, I've got a little surprise for you all coming at the end of the month as it is the 2nd birthday of this behemoth of a fic (wow... I feel old!)
When she didn’t respond, John slid one arm underneath her and heaved her upright.
“You’re a such a dick, that’s what.”
Anderson was nodding. “Someone with a grudge against him, perhaps… he does give detentions quite liberally.”
John watched his friend putting theories together in his head. Something about Kitty’s article had felt anticlimactic. It accused Sherlock of nothing - not loudly, anyway - and no-one had come running to their door brandishing the paper and saying “gotcha! You
“Did he threaten you?”
“I can’t cook to save my life,” Sherlock said plainly as he followed John through into the kitchen.
“That’s got to be a school record or something - just-” she checked her watch- “Twenty five minutes! Twenty five minutes into a new year and Sherlock’s already peeved off his teacher. Oh! You’re in his house, aren’t you?”
Sherlock indulged him. “Where would we go?”
Sherlock led him round the back of the house into the garden, confident in the knowledge that it was too dark for the people in the dining room to see them. Neither boy spoke, just listened to the sounds of the wind in the trees and their footsteps on the frozen ground, the rustling of the coats.
“Oh my god,” he giggled. He started swinging his arms and stamping his sock-clad feet in quite an alarming manner.
“If that’s okay with you?”
They moved back into the living room, and John set the bowl of popcorn down on the carpet.
He looked over at John.
“Mm, my great grandfather built it. Not himself, of course: he had it built. Been in the family ever since. It’s a shame I’m not here so much anymore. I do miss the place when I’m working.”
“You must’ve done this a thousand times before, John, come on, breathe.”
“Information. Nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with releasing, nothing indiscreet. Just tell me what he’s up to,”
“Nothing else will do, I’m afraid,” Sherlock replied matter-of-factly.
“That’s do-able!”
“He moved into another one when my experiments started to carry on into the witching hours and I refused to stop. Now he has one in the north wing of the first floor.”
Except, of course, that second figure was not unfamiliar in the slightest. As John got closer, his heart sank. That figure was familiar to all. Irene Adler.
s or the ridiculous ‘
They split ways at the staircase, Sherlock taking the stairs two at a time up to the attic. It was only when he was on the way back down, however, did he notice that his limbs felt freer than usual, grinning when he saw John come out of the downstairs bathroom, hands full of pot-pourri.
“Um. Yes,” Sherlock answered, a little sheepishly.
“Mike…”
John looked at him for a moment before backing up to the end of the pool. He crouched and let his head submerge before bracing his feet against the wall and pushing off into the water. He tracked his kicks and arms as numbers, as a rhythm,
“And was I wrong?” Anderson said.
, read the caption of one post.
A pause. “This is your first.”
“So… I just…” Sherlock plunged the knife into the gourd.
“Bradstreet sometimes gets me to babysit.”
“Shut up. I went to Shelley, found the girl - but he’s not here. And she says she’s not seen him either.” John frowned and put the phone on speaker so Sherlock, who was looking at him curiously, could hear. “They were supposed to - ” Angelo huffed - “to meet up last night, but he didn’t show. And he’s not been reading her messages, like he’s not been reading mine. What the fuck’s going on?” John watched Sherlock’s wide eyes. He slowly put his steepled fingers to his lips. “Hello? Are you even listening to me?” came Angelo’s irate voice.
As Sherlock spoke to one of the assistants, John wandered around the shop. It seemed they mainly sold suits, and no doubt dabbled in tailoring as well. He peered at a price tag and nearly fell over – he looked back at Sherlock, wondering if he was going to be able to pay for the gloves, but immediately felt stupid for even questioning it as his friend whipped out a debit card, to the surprise of the assistant.
Just then, both of their phones vibrated. Sherlock got to his first. “There’s been an explosion in London.”
The man laughed uncomfortably. “But I haven’t mentioned a figure -”
