“I know.” John kisses him again, as if in apology, and then murmurs. “Lift your hips for me, love. Just a bit. I’m going to make you feel so good I promise. That’s it.”
“God, you beauty.” He reaches up to touch the curls that are clinging to Sherlock’s cheeks, his brow. He looks like a man who’s seen into another world. “You beauty, you beauty.”
He does so meticulously, with greater care than he has taken in weeks. Something about the ritual helps to put him in the frame of mind he will need to undergo the task before him.
In spite of his best efforts however, it’s already happening—he can feel it. The inevitable tide of realization is stealing over him, dragging him down as if there were irons around his legs.
It was several moments before John opened his eyes again, before he noticed that Sherlock still had not moved beside him.
“Never been to Rio, but so long as it isn’t as blasted hot as this bloody ship, I’ll be delighted to see it.”
“Do you know…” John says into his ear, his voice soft and low, only for Sherlock. A shiver of pleasure goes down Sherlock’s spine at the feeling. “… there’s a song that goes with this tune?”
) for hanging out with me while I worked on this chapter and offering invaluable suggestions. I miss you, and all our awesome co-writing adventures!! OFD Lestrade sends his particular love.
Sherlock does not bother to tell her that there’s no such thing as a ‘formal’ introduction in the circles John moves in, nor does he voice aloud the question that rises to the top of his mind, which is whether it will really count as a proper introduction if Molly meets him in a tavern filled with whores and drunken sailors, disguised as a midshipman with a black eye.
Sherlock has seen him before although he doesn’t remember his name—he is second in command on the ship. He’s a younger man, but well weathered from his time in the wars, his hair gone prematurely grey. He has kind eyes, like John.
Sherlock glares at his retreating back. He doesn’t let his shoulders drop until Anderson is safely out sight. He shakes the tension out of his fist, rage still bubbling, hot and acrid-tasting just under the surface of his calm.
He is barely able to answer so he just shakes his head, and at that motion, the movement of John’s hand changes deliberately from washing to stroking.
They play and play and play and Sherlock has no idea how much time has passed because time has become immaterial, the only thing anchoring him to the world the sight of John’s face across the room, watching him in amazement, bathed in golden light.
“Which is exactly why I left my things with Mike to look after, and see, they’re all still here, safe as can be.”
“What?” He could see the distance Sherlock had to travel back to the present moment. When he looked up at John there was a crease between his brows.
Mercifully, Molly has produced her own handkerchief from somewhere and is now using it to wipe her eyes.
“It’s you, Sherlock. Having you here with me, the fact that you feel this way about me… I’m having a hard time believing this is real.”
It’s difficult to feel anxious for very long, with his whole body singing from the taste, the feel of John; the sound of his gasps of pleasure still lingering in Sherlock’s ears.
He had yet to confess the most shameful detail of all. John felt his throat constrict around the words.
Sherlock feels warmth flood his chest. All of his insecurities seem to shrink in the presence of John’s words, the way he is looking at Sherlock now.
John’s eyes are grave as he looks back at Sherlock. “I hope you conveyed to him that he owes me nothing—it was my duty to come to his aid.”
,” he breathes, running his palms up John’s thighs, shuddering with pleasure at the feel of the muscles under his hands.
He reaches up to unhook one of the lanterns—he will need it in order to see into the shadowy corners where the barrels and crates are stacked.
so deeply all the time. More than anything most of the time, Sherlock just wishes he could shut it out, make himself completely numb to all the noise, the chaos of the world.
He had not intended to fall asleep but the day is as hot as it was the day before and in the sweltering heat of the afternoon, it’s all he can do to keep himself from dropping off, the relentless rocking of the ship carrying him away into dark dreams.
I'm sorry that this had to end on ANOTHER cliff-hanger of sorts, and that these two idiots STILL haven't kissed yet. Next chapter will be much more exciting in that regard, I PROMISE. I will not let you down.
Sherlock rubbed the sponge over the dark writing on John’s left shoulder. “The thought of him…” His voice was a low rumble of rage. “Touching you…” He scrubbed hard at the letters, before pouring water over the place from his cupped palms, and then bending low against it, his mouth hovering hot and not touching. “Makes me want to break his bones with my bare hands.”
Sherlock considers going over to speak to him, but upon reflection, concludes it wouldn’t be worth the effort. The man seems to have a vested interest in keeping people from speaking ill of the captain; he surely wouldn’t speak freely of the man himself.
On soundless feet he rises from the bed, retreats to his corner with his heart hammering in his mouth.
The facility was enormous, and horrifying not only for the cruelty of its various components, but for the sheer mechanized nature of its organization.
Clearly, Sherlock thought that he’d assaulted John sexually. Perhaps that would justify the depth of John’s horror. But it was nothing like that. It was only John’s own sordid thoughts that Moriarty had made apparent to him. And that’s what made it so much worse.
John remembered the first time he had discovered this—it was only their second time in bed together and Sherlock had yelled so loud at the touch of John’s mouth that they had woken Mrs. Hudson.
Introducing Molly to John’s messmates goes far more smoothly than Sherlock feared. No one seems to care much about the details of their past together, or seems to think it strange that Sherlock should have a boyhood friend who joined the navy who just happened to show up in the same tavern as the rest of them.
Sherlock was tucking his violin back into its case. “There’s been a murder at a butcher shop in Hammersmith. Apparently something grisly. Lestrade didn’t have time to give me details.”
His mind is racing. Maybe he can take John aside now and tell him quickly before Lestrade does, to try and soften the blow. But Dimmock is already walking away, expecting them to follow, and if Sherlock is honest with himself he doesn’t know how he could possibly bear to tell John now what he should have told him immediately, especially now that he’s likely about to be beaten as a result of Sherlock’s cowardice.
Sherlock can feel his stew curdling in his stomach as he thinks of Anderson striding the length of the room, trussed up in his uniform like a hideous peacock, trying to catch the eyes of the female passengers, all the while hissing insults at Sherlock under his breath.
“What did he say to you, John? When he gave you this? What was he planning to do to you? What would he have done if I hadn’t gotten there in time?”
Sucking Sherlock off was like putting on a production for an especially receptive audience—he was so vocal in his appreciation. Every groan and gasping breath gave John new information about what he liked, and John, eager to please, put all this information to instantaneous use.
The pressure of Sherlock’s body weight means that with a simple roll of his hips he can create the most delicious friction.
His eyes flicker back to John to see John watching him, laughter still tugging at the corners of his mouth.
His face was pressed into John’s shoulder and John waited before moving his hands up to Sherlock’s arms and starting to ease him off his chest.
to spare him the continued misery of life trapped on this floating capsule of other humans and their hatred, their mocking judgment, their disdain.
Sherlock sits back from the paper to read over what he has written. The paragraph that cost him what feels like a titanic amount of effort is no more than a few lines; conveys next to nothing.
“You shouldn’t waste the candle. It will be light soon.” The unspoken remainder of his sentence seems to hang in the air, as if he cannot bear to repeat it, and even though he hasn’t said it it’s as clear to both of them as if he had.
Supper is just as tedious as lunch—Sherlock tries as hard as he can to glean something of use from any of the interactions around him, but there is nothing—nothing relevant, nothing of interest on which to sharpen his restless mind, the intellectual fare around him as wanting as the sorry meal in front him.
His desire to taste John, to rub the crown of John’s cock against the sensitive skin of his lips—to lick at the moisture already gathering there—to worship him with his mouth—it’s like a physical ache inside him.
Sherlock can feel his breathing quickening just from the look in John’s eyes—John’s gaze on his body, almost as visceral as the touch of his hand.
He found the edge of the material and slid his hands underneath, running his palms up over Sherlock’s bare flesh. He was rewarded with a gasp from Sherlock and he kissed the corner of Sherlock’s open mouth and then the lovely bow of his upper lip, which he would never tire of kissing.
Sherlock eats his soup quickly; too preoccupied by the fierce blaze of his own thoughts to spare much attention for the other passengers whose languid and infrequent conversation echoes the torpor of their movements. It seems the heat has sapped their energy, causing everyone to move at half their normal pace, as though time itself has been slowed; the only energetic presence in the whole room the ceaseless flutter of Miss Goodfellow’s fan over her bosom.
“I can see you’re not going to be of much use to us.” Taking John’s chin in his hand, Moran tilts his face back to look into his eyes. “It must be difficult for you—the fact that Holmes can’t even be bothered to come to your rescue. It seems you don’t mean much to him after all. Such a pity. I heard the two of you were quite the dynamic duo before Jim got involved.”
His legs are so weak the few steps it takes to cross the narrow distance from Sherlock’s doorway to his bunk are more precarious than any of Sherlock’s earliest, clumsiest attempts to walk at sea.
Sherlock scuttles backwards and ducks out of sight behind the thick beam that bisects this section of the ship. It’s one of the rare times he’s thankful for his narrow frame because it means he can tuck himself fairly easily out of view when he needs to. He pulls his elbows in against his sides, listening hard.
to reach the entrance to the harbor of Guanabara Bay upon whose shores lies the port city of Rio de Janeiro. All that time, Sherlock stands at the bulwarks looking out at the green horizon drawing nearer. He finds he cannot look away, afraid that if he does the sight of it will vanish, and he will find it all a dream.
Sherlock tries to answer but finds he cannot speak, so overwhelmed is he by the feeling of lying underneath John, with his breeches halfway down his knees, almost completely nude except for the linen shirt that falls just past his hips. He feels bare, exposed, and the feeling is as terrifying as it is exhilarating, with John Watson leaning over him, his kind eyes creased with worry, strong hands so gentle on Sherlock’s face.
The gesture is wonderfully soothing and before long Sherlock feels the storm of emotion in his chest begin to loosen its hold on him, his body bending to the weight of his exhaustion. He wriggles tighter against John’s side and closes his eyes even as a few stubborn tears trickle down his nose and onto John’s chest.
He stands up to wash his stomach and chest, scrubbing thoroughly under each arm, his cheeks warming as he remembers John’s words about tasting him later—his blush deepening further as he soaps the length of his cock and down and around his testicles, then back between his buttocks.
John woke himself several hours later with his own shouting. He sat up in the darkness, his heart feeling as though it were trying to break through his ribs. It took him a minute to recognize his own room, to drag his mind back from the world of his nightmare.
Sherlock lifts his head at the imploring note in John’s voice, and when he sees the love blazing fiercely in John’s eyes he feels all his anger melt away.
Sherlock thinks back to the conversation at dinner the previous evening, and in spite of himself, feels a flicker of curiosity as to whether the aforementioned festivities are actually going to take place.
He’s never heard John like this before. There is such a cold resolute quality to his voice, as if hope is a concept completely unfamiliar to him; as if he’s never known anything but sorrow. The contrast between this and John’s normally bright disposition makes it all the more troubling.
John rubbed his hands, slow, over the curve of Sherlock’s arse, pressing a kiss in against his jaw. “What is it, love?”
John crawls onto Sherlock’s bed first, unable to stop a tiny groan from escaping his lips as the mattress sinks under him, tugging the thin sheet up over his legs before reaching out an arm for Sherlock, holding the corner open for him.
Sherlock doesn’t wait for his response but he hears Billy call after him, “Don’t worry, Mr. Holmes! If it’s John Watson helping him, he’ll be well again in no time!”
All at once Sherlock is glad he is kneeling on the floor; this proves to be the best position to assume when receiving news from Billy.
Through the blur of his tears, Sherlock is aware that John has stopped walking beside him. He stops walking too, overwhelmed all of a sudden by the noise and chaos of the street around them. He wipes savagely at his eyes with his sleeve, seared by embarrassment.
John looks down at their joined hands for a moment, before looking up at Sherlock, his expression serious again.
John kisses him then, his tongue pushing into Sherlock’s mouth and sucking lightly, causing a whine to erupt in the depths of Sherlock’s throat as John’s hips finally begin to thrust at a speed that satisfies the clawing yearning deep in his belly.
I have to thank you all so much for continuing to be such absolutely delightful, supportive and generous readers. I cannot tell you how much each and every interaction with you makes my heart sing! I feel endlessly lucky to have you all at my side as I continue to navigate the high seas with these two gayest of babies. <3
John licks his lips, shifts up to his elbows, and Sherlock releases John’s hips to watch hungrily as John takes himself in hand.
It wasn’t the usual silence Sherlock exhibited at the conclusion of a case—the kind of quiet that was tinged with exhaustion, but also a deep satisfaction, shutting his eyes with a half-smile on his face, the whole of his body language communicating to John the success of their venture, triumph exultant in the peaceful expression on his face.
Sherlock licks his lips and forces himself to look up at John’s face. “What time is it? Are you… should we…. do we have time?”
He can feel the head of John’s cock resting just below his arsehole, and he shuts his eyes, struggling to breathe deeply. The temptation to reach beneath himself again and guide John inside of him, to push down with his hips and impale himself on the iron heat of John’s cock is so overwhelming he has to clench his hands on the rim of the bathtub to stop himself.
“I want…” His voice is as soft as a sigh, his mouth lifting up against John’s. “I want you to touch me.”
He hears a shout behind him, and at last—he can’t resist—he stops and turns to look behind him in the water.
Of course, Sherlock had adapted to him too, in little ways, his own habits shifting to better incorporate John, things John never saw him do for other human beings—naturally slowing his pace when they walked together to accommodate John’s shorter gait, pausing to hold the door for him, getting out two mugs of tea whenever he wanted some.
Sherlock can actually feel John’s cock swelling in his hands, feels it jerk, and then spurts of warm liquid are pulsing out to coat Sherlock’s fingers, his wrist, the skin of John’s belly.
It hasn’t occurred to him until this moment, but it’s plain to him now, that after the conversation he just overheard, Lestrade will never permit the two of them to leave the ship together. How could he? To do so would be in direct defiance of the captain’s orders.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to grin smugly down at John. He could taste blood in his mouth. John was so angry he could see stars on the periphery of his vision.
Lestrade displayed an admirable level of grace toward the man who had just vomited all over his shoes, and helped John steer Sherlock toward the taxi queue.
“Oh… not long after I was pressed. We made a habit of meeting every time I came to Cape Town. We were kindred lost souls of a sorts. Sally trying to make her own way in the world for the first time and me… well, I was trying to survive my new life at sea. We were both so young,” he laughs, shaking his head at the memory. “God, we were such fools.”
Sherlock let himself be led by John once again, following him obediently into the bathroom—his sudden intensity replaced once more with a deep reticence.
“John!” he whispers hoarsely, reaching out to grab John’s shoulder and then he’s pulling John’s body towards his own, kissing him one last time.
They never discussed the incident after, but the thought of it haunts Sherlock to this day—the uncomfortable knowledge that he may well owe Mycroft his life always making him cringe and shy away from the memory.
John needs to know—he needs to know how much he means to him. Sherlock grips John’s shoulders in his hands, lips traveling over the skin of his throat. His voice is an exhalation of heat. “You’re everything to me.”
Sherlock looked up at him, mouth still around John’s cock. A shudder of pleasure went through him at the sight.
After all, it’s clear that John is longing for stimulation on his cock just as much as Sherlock is, and there is a simple solution.
“Did you—” John’s voice was halting. “That night, were you also—I mean, was it—besides being just a test, at that point did you also—?”
In the brief time that had passed since they’d exited the elevator Sherlock’s mood had shifted again. The raw energy that had been sparking off of him since their chase through the icy streets had dissipated, or if not dissipated, had been pulled inward, out of sight. There was something there that John couldn’t put his finger on, something deep, but impossible to read, as vast and impenetrable as the darkness that lay beyond the window.
By the time he heard the creak of Sherlock’s bedroom door opening and the sound of soft footsteps by the side of the bed, he had no idea how long he’d been asleep.
"You left me once and I survived it, didn't I?" The smile grows sharper, seems to glitter more brightly, and Sherlock is afraid. "Mmm? Didn't I?"
He is torn between his desire to live forever in that memory, in that moment with John’s mouth so soft against him, and his longing for more of John, all of him—to leap into a possible future world where that might happen. He does not even know what it is he wants precisely, except that he wants
The wind blew down another shower of cherry blossoms. Sherlock pulled John closer against him, his lips sliding over John’s.
John looks over at Sherlock through the darkness and Sherlock stiffens under his gaze. He wants to study the expression on John’s face but he keeps his eyes straight-ahead, trained on the horizon.
“I can feel the life energy leaking out of me as my brain atrophies. Soon I won’t be able to move at all.”
Sherlock wonders as he studies him whether he’s simply a shrewd man, who like many of them has heard of the captain’s violently colored past, or whether he knows something more than he should.
His eyes flicker up to Sherlock’s. They are deep blue in the shadows, as dark as the ocean around them.
In fact, looking around at the bustling deck, it appears that Sherlock is the only passenger still up above.
Sherlock looks down at it in shock, realizing too late that he was so caught up in watching John that he neglected to hide himself sufficiently from view. “But I—”
“You were…” John struggled to maintain the thread of what he was saying as Sherlock’s warm, ripe mouth began traveling down the skin of his throat, pausing to suck at the curve of his shoulder. “You were telling me which ones smelled the best and which ones…” John’s fingers clenched on Sherlock’s. “Which ones…”
John reaches over to rub at his cheek and it takes every ounce of Sherlock’s self control to hold himself still, not to turn and push his face into John’s hand like an affectionate kitten.
Sherlock had gone deathly pale underneath his sunburn and exited the room without a word to anyone. John barely caught up with him in time to join him in the cab.
He sinks to a seat beside John on the trunk of a fallen tree, its dark bark thick with lush green moss. John passes him a flask and when Sherlock takes a tentative sip, he’s pleasantly surprised to discover that it’s water and not something stronger. It tastes unbelievably good—cold and sweet and clean. He’d forgotten how good water can taste, after months of drinking the brackish water kept in barrels on the ship.
He deepens the kiss, thumbs finding John’s nipples, a thrill moving through him as he feels them harden under his fingers; feels John’s hands tighten on his arms.
He thought about how John had been today, how small and sharp and brave and prickly, and how warm his lips were under Sherlock’s now, how soft.
“Easy, easy there. This is why the lantern may be of some use. It’s much easier to do this with a bit of light.”
He had been planning on simply curling up on his bare mattress but Sherlock had continued to yell at him from the living room until he had come back downstairs. He had given up on sleep, made a pot of coffee, and decided to read the paper. Sherlock had lapsed into a rather longish bout of sullen silence, and he had just started to feel hopeful about never hearing Sherlock’s voice again when this started up.
Sherlock led John to his bed and pushed him gently into a sitting position, before leaning over to switch on the light.
“I don’t know, I’d say it’s pretty embarrassing to be unable to get it up with the girl you’re supposedly attracted to.”
That, and he is cold. And his head aches. No, not aches. Worse than that. Like spikes driven in behind his eyes.
It’s one more reminder that the time they have before John must return to his post is rapidly running out. Sherlock pictures the hourglass, the steady rush of the grains of sand like a quickening in his heart.
His heart was pounding. In one impossibly graceful movement, Sherlock pulled himself up onto the couch beside John. “You have nothing to be embarrassed about.” He was still holding John by the wrist. There was something intense in his expression; John felt pinned by his gaze. His eyes glowed hot and dark in the candlelight, the color of his irises like the center of a flame.
John tried to comfort himself with this fact, that this was a rare opportunity for him to enjoy himself without Sherlock’s childish impatience preventing him from experiencing yet another aspect of this city, but after several rooms of still life’s, Flemish landscapes and conquistadores, he began observing the museum’s patrons almost as much as the paintings on the walls, and he found himself wishing that Sherlock was there beside him, whispering a running commentary on the lives of all the people walking by.
“That’s…” Sherlock is shaking his head, completely at a loss for how he can begin to convey his gratitude to this boy he barely knows, once again. What has he ever done to deserve so much unwarranted kindness on his behalf?
“I know because…” She drops her gaze back to her lap again, a smile pulling at the corner of her mouth. “I do it myself. I look at people, notice things about them.” She offers him a nervous smile. “I have a great deal of idle time on my hands. I get so…” She looks up again, only to look out the window, eyes squinting against the glare of the sun on the waves. Every trace of the thin smile is gone from her face. “Sometimes I think I will go mad from boredom.”
“Nothing,” John said, and now it was his turn to sound breathless, as Sherlock had tilted his face and was rubbing his cheek against John’s temple in another acutely possessive gesture, the soft feel of Sherlock’s lips in stark contrast to the rough texture of his jaw. “I just meant—” And he gasped as Sherlock pressed a kiss against his forehead. It was a perfectly innocent kiss and yet John felt his body responding to it in a decidedly sexual way, fire leaping up his spine from where Sherlock’s hand was pressed into the groove of his back. “We deserve each other,” John said, lifting his mouth up to Sherlock’s in a silent plea to be kissed. “We’re both completely mad.”
Even though the chances of this happening are slim at best, the mere possibility causes Sherlock to rise from the bed, fill his washstand with tepid water, and make a valiant attempt at washing the grime out of his hair.
This is not the first time Sherlock has seen John’s naked back, but it’s the first time he’s had a chance to study it in detail up close, and for the first time, he sees all the little scars crisscrossing the golden flesh, some of them small and very fine, but others, deeper, longer, the evidence of much more grievous wounds. Sherlock wonders with a feeling of growing horror what might have caused them all.
He digs his knuckles into his eyes as if in doing so he can chase away the image of the look of disappointment on Burns’ face.
But it won’t do any good to think like that; he should be grateful for the time they do have, instead of panicking already about hours lost.
Sherlock’s open mouth pressed closer to the skin between John’s shoulder blades. John felt his tongue come out and trace a small circle. His breath, when he spoke, struck the sensitized skin and sent chills skipping down John’s back. “Sounds dull.”
He’s reassured by the sight of Molly’s smile out of the corner of his eye. He still isn’t good at… this. Talking about…
Sherlock is almost sorry for the loss of John against him, the absence of his warm weight between Sherlock’s legs, but then he forgets his sorrow as he is treated to the sight of John kneeling in the trembling light of the candles and reaching up to pull his shirt off over his head.
He awoke with a start when the door of the bathroom was flung open and slammed into the wall with a resounding crash.
“We tease each other a lot—it’s part of our rapport. I can tolerate teasing as well as any man, better than most actually. But this morning, they were teasing me about… where I was last night.” John clears his throat conspicuously, lifts his chin, his spine straightening imperceptibly to make himself taller even as he’s sitting down. “They were teasing me about us.”
No, Sherlock reminds himself, attempting to calm his racing heart; that was a mistake. Reckless as he may be, the captain wouldn’t be stupid enough to murder Lestrade out right, of that much Sherlock is certain.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, edging John closer against him by the grip on his arms until John’s thigh is nudging in between his own. “We can use my cabin. It’s more private than anywhere else.”
Even if the ship is dashed to splinters, the rest of them tossed like so much flotsam on the waves before being dragged to a watery death in the depths of the sea, let John be saved.
And then, John is taking Sherlock’s face between his bandaged hands and kissing him, there, in front of everyone on that deck, and Sherlock doesn’t care if the captain himself can see them, because John is kissing him in the sunlight—out in the open air, under the wide blue sky—his mouth warm and alive and bright against his, hot tears spilling down his cheeks into the kiss.
“It is,” John says before draining the contents of the cup and leaning backwards to reach the bottle off of Sherlock’s desk, somehow managing to do all this without moving his hand from Sherlock’s leg. “Styles got it off a French ship. I told you—he assured me it was the very best.”
“It will be critical, tomorrow morning especially, that when we go up, you keep your hat down over your eyes. Don’t look at anyone. Lose yourself in the crowd of men as much as possible so you won’t be accounted for. As soon as you’re on shore there will be no trouble, because everyone will assume you’re a sailor from the other British ship in port. If anyone from our crew asks, you tell them you’re a midshipman on the Agamemnon—alright? It’s only from now until when that boat touches shore that you have to worry about.”
Billy nods tightly, and moves to turn away, but before he does, he looks up at Sherlock, his young face very serious.
The second crack is louder than the first, and is followed by a thump as the boy falls hard to the deck.
At no point does Sherlock question John’s judgment or navigational skills—he has complete confidence in John.
It’s like a spark catching a dry pile of kindling—the force of the desire between them is more than the two of them have power to stop.
Luckily, John’s eyes are still turned up toward him so he cannot mistake the wild nodding of Sherlock’s head, even in the dark.
It’s worse now, worse since the incident with Stevens because Sherlock knows John. He knows that it will demand all of John’s will power not to bash Stevens’ head in; that the knowledge that Stevens got away with what he did with no repercussions will wear on him, worse than any physical torment, slowly driving him mad.
He released Sherlock’s softening cock from his mouth with some reluctance, kissing the tip of it before straightening up to survey the rest of the damage.
John strides into the sea of people, pulling Sherlock behind him by the hand, and it is like being in the presence of a king, or a god, the way the men part before him and then close back in, pounding John on the back, calling out in greeting, pushing tankards into his hand.
He follows behind John, silent as a shadow, as he makes his way to the staircase leading to the upper decks.
John spent the rest of the day trying to forget what he’d seen that morning in the butcher shop. More than anything now he felt embarrassed that he’d been so affected but every time he considered going back he was filled with horror at the prospect. He felt guilty for abandoning Sherlock so completely on a new case, but it was clearly the right decision to stay away, at least for the time being. Besides, Sherlock was probably so immersed in figuring out the details he wouldn’t even notice John’s absence.
The trousers were dove grey, beautifully tailored to accentuate Sherlock’s long legs and lean hips. The waistcoat was grey silk with the finest suggestion of pale lilac ribbing. The shirt he wore underneath was pure cotton—the material so light and fine it looked as though it would dissolve beneath John’s fingers if he tried to touch it. Over both of these, he wore a dove grey jacket; made from the same fine material as the trousers, silver buttons glinting at each cuff.
Of course, she would laugh at him—everyone always does, why should she be any different? He shouldn’t have been so forthcoming. Confiding in other human beings is never worth it; it’s never worth the risk. Sherlock knows this. But the burden of his loneliness is so severe that for a moment Sherlock let himself be fooled into thinking that perhaps there was someone else on board this miserable ship that he could trust.
He struggles for a moment to remember John’s question, lost in the sensations John is creating in him.
His own breath was coming in short, sharp bursts. John opened his eyes and watched the smoke curling above them on the ceiling, his thoughts slowing down to the speed of a dream. He was certain that he was imagining all of this; that he would wake to discover that it had all been nothing more than the dark, wishful turnings of his tortured mind.
He knows what John told him earlier—how desperate he is to make Sherlock aware of what he means to him, and he’s ashamed even now to ask it, to make plain his fear—but John never said, he never actually
Sherlock feels a sudden stab of fury at the woman’s complaint, at her utter disregard for the actual suffering of the men doing the work.
Sherlock gave the patch of skin one last leisurely lick before sitting up and shrugging his shoulders out of the coat and tossing it beside the bed.
John steps up to him and then, rising up on the balls of his feet, he presses the briefest kiss to Sherlock’s mouth, before continuing on through the door.
He hauls the shirt up off John’s shoulders and over his head, John growling in frustration at having to separate from Sherlock for even a moment, and the sound does something to Sherlock—he can feel the effect of it low in his belly—and suddenly it’s all he can do to continue standing upright as John’s mouth slides down the front of his chest, fingers moving like quicksilver over the buttons of his waistcoat, pulling them apart and pushing the fabric off of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“There is some political action, I believe, around attempting to abolish it completely but… knowing the men I’ve known who profit from it…” John shakes his head; the bitterness in his voice is plain. “I can’t see how they’ll manage.”
Sherlock licks his kiss-stung lips, tasting John and shivering hard. “No,” he whispers, his own voice rough with longing.
John had a sudden insight into what young Sherlock might have looked like just after he had done something atrocious—like burning down half the garage in an experiment gone wrong—and was focusing all of his intense willpower on being contrite.
Sherlock wonders what it must be like to actually miss your family. He thinks of Mycroft and his stomach twists. Then he thinks of the little unmarked mound of earth beneath the apple tree at the edge of the woods on the Holmes estate, and feels a wave of sorrow so intense it’s as though no time has passed at all, as though he’s back on that horrible day, standing by that mound of earth, hands torn apart from digging, Mycroft standing at his shoulder, telling him in a toneless voice, “It’s time to go home now, Sherlock,” and how he had turned to Mycroft, voice raw from crying and rasped, “That’s not my home. Redbeard was my home and now he’s dead.”
“You did,” John says, shaking his head, but there is joy somewhere in the depths of his voice. “Oh, I’m such a fool. Can you forgive me?”
Sherlock stopped in front of him, an arm’s length away. His damp hair was tumbling the wrong way across his forehead; his eyes were flashing. The expression on his face could only be described as unadulterated rage.
The way he looks at her, fond, adoring—that is the way John must look at Sherlock if he is to break the spell, but John sends Sherlock away so he and the princess can be alone together and Sherlock knows then that all is lost.
. One of these has just pulled up alongside and Sherlock watches as a man in a slightly shabby frock coat climbs his way up the skeleton ladder to the ship to greet Lieutenant Lestrade. The man—who Sherlock can tell from one cursory glance is not the harbormaster himself, but one of his clerks—dips low in an elaborate bow to Lestrade.
John tried to reassure himself the entire long ride to the hospital that Sherlock’s panic was just a result of his shock, not the result of some past traumatic experience at a hospital that Mycroft had exposed him to. For a man who loved cadavers as much as Sherlock it seemed strange for him to voice any kind of aversion toward going to a hospital. John also knew Sherlock had a high tolerance for physical pain so it seemed odd that his panic would be a result of his wound. But he had had no choice in the matter.
Sherlock wipes at his eyes with the back of his hand; he doesn’t trust himself to speak without his voice breaking.
“The sea is beautiful in its way, but sometimes I find my heart yearning after growing things—green woods and rich, black soil, solid ground beneath my feet, and for the songs of birds other than gulls. Sometimes I can’t sleep at night for trying to remember what they sound like.”
He sucked hard on Sherlock’s neck as his hand began to move, wanting to leave a mark there, letting his teeth bruise the skin as his thumb slid over the moisture on the tip.
Sherlock wakes early the next morning to the thin grey light of dawn suffusing his cabin, the color of a bucket of dingy water tossed out after the washing up. He can hear the faint rushing of the surf against the hull, indicating that the ship has picked up speed since the day before, and is moving at a faster pace.
I sincerely apologize for how long it took to get this chapter up. Not only was this an especially challenging chapter to write, the last month was a whirlwind of holidays and travel and school starting up again and then of course SEASON THREE which basically broke my mind.
He began to talk into the silence, in an effort to soothe the ache that still resonated from Sherlock, to fill up the emptiness of all that Sherlock couldn’t say, his words gentle, almost meaningless, the murmur of his own voice soothing even to himself.
“It’s g-good,” Sherlock choked out, rocking his hips in an effort to get John’s fingers to move. “But I need—”
Instead of the scheming, meddlesome expression he expected, Deverall’s face is full of… well, concern. Concern for whom Sherlock cannot say, but the expression is unmistakable.
His own responses certainly feel slowed and Sherlock chooses to blame it on his alcohol consumption earlier this evening rather than the shameful possibility that he might actually be frightened of Anderson.
“It—that’s what started all of this. Moriarty figured it out.” John felt a shudder move through him at the confession. “He figured out how I felt about you even before I did. That night at the pool…” John paused, his breathing ragged. He couldn’t bring himself to say the words.
John’s hands smooth down the planes of Sherlock’s chest, thumbs brushing Sherlock’s nipples, making him gasp and sit up a little straighter on the bed, parting his thighs to make room for the growing bulge between his legs.
John is sitting up on his knees so that he is above Sherlock, leaning down over him. Sherlock surrenders to the pull of John’s hand in his hair, letting his body curve backwards as far as it will go and he is on the edge of over-balancing when he feels John’s hand slide from his hair down his side until he’s holding him gently at the small of his back, holding him up.
It feels these past few weeks as though he’s been pinned up, as though his arms were bound behind him, as though a great pair of wings on his back was folded shut and strapped down and they have suddenly burst from their holdings and are beating free. He may as well be flying. He can do anything in this moment, and looking across the room to see John’s eyes on his face filled with wonder, his lips parted, his eyes almost sad, Sherlock grins at him and he has never smiled so wide in his life. He wants to share this with John, this utterly weightless feeling that makes him feel as though he will break through the walls of the ship and go soaring over the sea.
Sherlock rolls his hips instinctively, dragging his own swelling cock against John’s, biting back the whimper in his throat at the sensation it creates.
Sherlock realizes John needs a sign from him to show that he has heard, so he nods his head in mute agreement, and then he is walking—somehow, miraculously—his legs are doing what they need to do to carry him forward and down the narrow steps into the hold, John following just behind him to be sure he doesn’t fall.
For whatever reason—whether because he was also intrigued by the music, or whether he was simply tired of fighting Sherlock’s dragging pace—Mycroft stopped walking too, and stood beside Sherlock to watch.
John’s mouth has returned to kissing the sensitive skin on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, his fingers so close to Sherlock’s aching cock, but still not touching.
It didn’t help to compare his relationship with Sherlock to previous relationships because everything about the way John interacted with Sherlock was absolutely unlike any relationship he’d ever had. It felt like it had happened gradually but if John really thought about it, it was obvious that that wasn’t the case.
He was leaning back against the cushions, his head tilting toward his right shoulder, hands still folded around the sheaf of papers in his lap.
Sobs wracked his torso—loud, heaving, shuddering sobs. He’d never lost control like this. How fitting that it would happen now when he was trying to tell Sherlock why he wasn’t worth his time. Good. Hopefully it would help him make his point.
Sherlock freezes with the glass in his hand, fear unspooling in his belly like the root he swallowed in his dream.
He knows he told himself he wouldn’t—not with John surely suffering like he is, not with them apart—but Sherlock cannot help himself, his body is like a strip of tallow just waiting for a flame. Once the spark is caught, he can’t dispel it, and the thought of John, lying half-dressed in his hammock on some sweltering summer night with this necklace on his chest, sweat pooling in the grooves of his pectorals, gathering in the sharp line of his abdominal muscles, in the distinct curves of his powerful hips is too much for Sherlock’s vivid imagination. And now that he knows so intimately how each of those places on John’s body feels, now that he has tucked each sensation oh so carefully into the wing in his memory entirely devoted to John, he cannot possibly stop his body’s reaction, blood rushing to fill the flesh between his legs, pulse beating like a dull hammer in the hollow of his throat.
The thick heat of John against his palm, the friction on his own fingers as they stroke, are as arousing to Sherlock as though they were around his own now full and throbbing cock.
John felt all the fight go out of him. He lay limp, head still turned to the side, too sickened with his own shame to risk a look up at Sherlock’s face.
“I think he was relieved to know that Lestrade was finally going to catch something of a break. It’s clear from what he said that he knows how Lestrade feels about Molly. I think… I don’t know, but I think he may even try and help them find some time alone together. So… I don’t think he’ll ruin it,” Sherlock concludes somewhat reluctantly.
Speech is now completely beyond Sherlock; he can only hum his agreement, his neck bending further under the weight of his deliciously heavy head.
He leaves his mouth against the back of Sherlock’s hand a moment and Sherlock feels the long shaking exhalation of his breath.
He wills the thought of John away, with several heavy, careful breaths, his fingers clenching involuntarily to fists.
Sherlock knows why the sailors love John’s singing best of all. It isn’t just that his voice is lovely and clear—resonant and full and always perfectly on pitch; he has a way of conveying each emotional shift in the song purely through his voice, of coloring the notes with the mood of each moment, making the characters’ feelings come to vivid life.
John takes a sudden step toward him, and for one dizzying moment Sherlock thinks that John is going to kiss him, but he doesn’t. He clenches Sherlock’s hand tight in his own, lifting his chin. He swallows and Sherlock watches the tendons shifting in the sides of his neck, thinks about placing his mouth there.
Sherlock moaned around his cock and John’s hips stuttered upward at the sensation, reaching down to bury his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
John only had time for one word of warning, but it was already too late. He could tell from the pique of Sherlock’s eyebrow, the low rush of his breath as he leaned forward and tugged his gloves off with his teeth, dropping his hat on the seat beside him without ceremony.
Sherlock tilted his chin up to give John more room, his breath a soft sigh of pleasure as John licked the length of his collarbone.
Needless to say, John had never forgotten the effect his mouth could have on Sherlock’s nipples so he approached them now with a mix of eagerness and caution.
“However, I think it’s best if we are not seen together returning to the deck. Will you wait several minutes until I have returned before going back up?”
John jerked backwards and came up hard against the wall. Moriarty followed him, his body sticking to John’s like a shadow. John’s hand closed on the butt of his gun and Moriarty’s fingers closed around his wrist.
The captain notices it too. His eyes flick to Deverall, and Sherlock imagines for one astonished moment that the man is going to tell Deverall to desist.
The first feeling that grips Sherlock after the initial rush of relief he always experiences seeing John alive and well—the shock of his blue eyes so brilliant in his deeply tanned face even through the murk of the gun deck—is a jack-knife twist of fear at the open look of defiance not just on his face, but visible in every line of his body.
He was trying for Sherlock. He was making a valiant effort to describe what he was experiencing but words were beyond him at this point, slipping away in his mind like water through cupped palms. He could scarcely remember that he had a brain that was capable of forming words.
But there must be some trace of his encounter in his face because when at last he makes his way to John’s side—John, smiling, reaching a hand out to him in invitation as soon as he sees Sherlock—John notices at once.
But when he glances up at John again, he realizes that John is quiet because he’s thinking. When he finally speaks, his eyes are full of steel.
But even as the words leave his mouth, Sherlock knows—as they both know—that anything could happen. Especially now that Sherlock’s caught the captain’s attention, if Sherlock crosses him, or perhaps more significantly, even if he
Sherlock pulls his fists back against his face, and continues to circle John, light on his feet, eyes watchful.
Sherlock can feel the tremor in John’s thighs against him, and he knows it’s time to finally give John some relief.
John felt Sherlock reach down with one hand to cup John’s arse and pull him closer, holding John’s body against him.
He keeps one hand on the bed for balance. The movement of the ship today is not particularly violent, but neither is it completely calm. It takes Sherlock several minutes of walking back and forth to remember how to compensate for the constant rolling motion, how to walk without falling over.
John takes another deep breath, and at the sight of John’s chest expanding again, his dark nipples standing out from his chest, Sherlock can’t help himself. Some part of his brain knows he should ask first, but another part of his brain is just as certain that this is the right course of action.
John takes them through another doorway on the larboard side of the ship that leads right into the corridor with the officers’ rooms. Sherlock opens the door and follows John in until they are both standing at the Lieutenant’s bedside, where he is lying grey and still against the pillows.
“When I found you lying there… in only your linen trousers, all golden in the light of the sun, your hair still wet from the ocean, this is what I wanted to do to you…”
John shut his eyes briefly and then opened them again to find Sherlock looking at him, his eyes like two dark flames.
He stops when his hips are almost flush with John’s arse, not because John has told him to, but because John’s eyes have fallen shut and there’s a look on his face that is halfway between pleasure and pain and Sherlock needs to be certain that it’s the former and not the latter.
And then maybe afterwards, when John’s work is done, he will take Sherlock by the hand, and they will go and sit together at the prow of the ship, in the hidden space behind the foremast, with their backs against the cannon and John will tell Sherlock all about the ocean currents, why their speed has picked up in the last few days, how the wind has shifted, changing their course, all the while holding Sherlock’s hand in his, fingers moving over Sherlock’s palm as he talks, the movement soothing and thrilling both at once, until he stops, tells Sherlock that he can’t possibly concentrate with Sherlock looking at him the way he is. “Like what?” Sherlock will ask, and John’s answer will be to pull Sherlock’s mouth to his and kiss him.
And then John, lovely, perfect John, is laughing softly, and gathering Sherlock into his arms, kissing his ear, and the damp curls at his forehead, before kissing his mouth—long and sweet.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to break away, his breathing shaky. He pressed his forehead against John’s.
Sherlock makes a little sighing sound and rolls over in his bunk, suddenly all too aware of the coarse feel of the linens under his bare legs, the scratchy quality of the pillow under his cheek.
Then John smiles, so wide, so brilliantly that Sherlock feels as though the sun has burst through the walls of his cabin and he is being drenched in sunlight.
His playing changes suddenly, shifts from the complicated finger-picking of a moment before to a simpler tune, and it’s clear from the movement that goes through the listening crowd that he is playing the prelude to some well-known song.
Judging by the thickness of Sherlock’s cock in John’s mouth, and the violent trembling of Sherlock’s thigh under John’s hand, the way his breathing already sounded thin and desperate, he was already too close. One more stroke of John’s tongue over the slit of his cock and he would be finished.
Sherlock made a disapproving noise above him, settling his chin against John’s hair, but when John twisted his head up to find Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock acquiesced, his lips tender and kiss-swollen, he felt the corners of Sherlock’s mouth tick upwards in smile.
, why haven’t they been doing this from the beginning? The sight of John like this, legs parted, knees bent to expose his arse-hole, which Sherlock can see is stretched wider than usual from the presence of his fingers, the darker hair around it slightly damp from Sherlock’s oil-coated fingers; and above it, his bollocks drawn up against his body, his cock flushed and leaking where it’s straining against his stomach—it’s enough to make Sherlock’s throat tight with arousal, to make his whole body ache with a feeling like hunger, but deeper, more primal.
“Feeding off you?” Sherlock asked, the rough bur of his voice resonating through John’s balls all the way up to the head of his cock. He pushed his mouth deeper, the stubble on his jaw scraping the cheeks of John’s arse. John could hear the arousal in Sherlock’s voice, purring up from the base of his throat. He lingered over every vowel, savoring the sounds, drawing them out to make each syllable drip with sex. “Was I sucking the nectar from you?”
“I wanted to tell you that I was there, at St. Bart’s, the day it happened. I was there when they wheeled him in.”
The only other possibility is that he’s picking up a shipment of goods to take with them to the East Indies. Maybe he has to meet with his contact on shore first before he can arrange for the goods to be delivered to the ship.
John clenched his fingers around the object in his hand, breathing hard, unable to believe he’d frightened his assailant away so easily, and then he heard his name, followed by the sound of running footsteps.
The simple matter-of-factness of John’s words makes the sudden warmth in Sherlock’s chest grow cold. It’s plain from the way he speaks, from the determined look on his face that he means it.
“Good Evening, Mr. ‘olmes, sir. What a pleasure it is to see you out on such a fine evening, if you don’t mind my saying so. And by Jove, what an evening! What an evening indeed, wouldn’t you agree, Mr. ‘olmes?”
The melody is still there too, fainter now, but Sherlock knows he will be able to find it when he needs it, each note seared into his mind as though by fire.
He watches John carefully to study the effects of the drug, notices his accelerated heart rate, his agitation, his body turning. At the end of the night, he cannot resist telling John that he’s all right, and he knows John’s eyes looking at him blurred with the effects of the drug can’t really see him, but he hopes (despite his better judgment) that the memory will stay with John after he wakes.
Sherlock shakes his head, resolute. “I want to. I just… I’m not sure exactly…” He darts his eyes back up to John’s. “I’m not sure exactly where to start.”
The fact that Ferguson went out of his way to get a hold of this document can only mean one thing: he wants to know what the ship is carrying. And although Sherlock cannot be certain of his motivation, if Sherlock had to hazard a guess it would be to say that perhaps Ferguson, like so many members of the crew, suspects the captain is smuggling.
Sure enough, Billy’s best turns out to be more than enough, as to Sherlock’s inexpressible delight, Billy returns three quarters of an hour later, lugging an enormous bucket of water.
John’s fingers are still warm on his jaw. Sherlock lifts his hand to capture John’s fingers in his own. “You should go.”
Sherlock doesn’t have the breath to respond, he nods at Deverall before he disappears through the open door.
They had almost finished the wine—which had been lovely—but this level of emotional upheaval called for something else entirely. John pulled down the bottle of good whiskey that he kept on hand for special occasions and filled two tumblers with a generous portion.
“Y-Yes, thank you,” Sherlock says, stammering, caught off guard by the appearance of this man who brings with him memories of the magic of the previous evening, of the smoke-filled space between the hammocks, the laughing men, the light of the candles filling everyone’s faces with warmth, the sound of the drum and the pipe transporting Sherlock to another world, and most of all, the memory of John’s face as he watched Sherlock from across the room, transfixed.
He was so wretched all those months ago when the ship stopped in Madeira that he never even left his berth, much less set foot on shore. He feels so differently now than he did then; it’s shocking to realize how much has changed in just a few months.
“Easy, easy now,” Sherlock breathed against his lips, his mouth curving upward in a wicked grin, his swollen mouth pressing a kiss to the line of John’s jaw as his hands stroked John’s hips. “All in good time.”
“But that may change depending on what new information comes to light. Based on the speed with which he contracted symptoms, it is most likely that the Lieutenant imbibed whatever it was that made him ill sometime in the course of that evening. Did he eat or drink anything while the two of you were together?”
John drops his head to catch Sherlock’s eyes with his. A shock of his white blond hair has fallen forward over his forehead; Sherlock can see where it’s beginning to curl with sweat.
“Well, yes…” he says, blushing hard in spite of himself, and John’s answering laugh of delight is so welcome to his ears that Sherlock finds the smile on his lips transforming to a grin, and he looks up at John, beaming, to find John looking at him with such utter fondness that he’s already instinctively leaning in towards John to kiss him before he realizes what he’s doing.
“My—My friend, John Watson—” Sherlock forces himself to keep speaking through the sudden tightness in his throat. “He’s the one I went to that evening for help. He worked as a surgeon during his time in the navy. It was he who saved the Lieutenant’s life, and who confirmed to me that it was indeed poison that made the Lieutenant so ill, so suddenly.”
John is swimming furiously towards him, his golden hair gleaming in the sunlight, the powerful motion of his arms churning up sea spray. He is further away than Sherlock guessed he would be, and Sherlock feels pride swell momentarily within him at the knowledge that he was able to keep ahead of John all this time. If he ever sees his cursed brother again in this life, Sherlock will have to remember to thank him.
He stays like that, with his fingers pressed against his eyes, his bare chest heaving in the soft light, and Sherlock watches him, motionless with worry, studying the shadowed grooves of John’s ribs, that grow more distinct with each inhaled breath, that soften with each exhale.
Normally, stakeouts of this nature wouldn’t prove a problem for him; nor would Sherlock’s extreme irritation (well, to a fault). However, John was feeling restless for an entirely different reason.
Anderson lunges at Deverall’s shoulder in an effort to get past him into the room. Deverall puts an arm across the door to restrain him.
John made another unwilling sound of protest. Moriarty had accessed some animal part of him, determined to protect itself at all costs. He realized he was shaking his head—a pointless, violent gesture.
John could taste the bitterness from Sherlock’s cigarette but also the lingering sweetness of the champagne as Sherlock kissed him, his body curling possessively down around John’s as though he wanted to fold John into himself.
The party had lived up precisely to their mediocre expectations. Terrible pop music; cheap paper hats; Donovan getting steadily drunk in the corner. It was all going exactly as planned, and just as John had anticipated, Sherlock was having the best time of anyone, verbally lashing out anyone foolish enough to cross his path.
He watches John’s fingers, the way he holds them so lightly at the nape of her fragile neck, his thumb threading through the curls, the motion of it so filled with tenderness.
Even in the presence of Miss Hooper’s sunny mood, it’s difficult for Sherlock to formulate the appropriate response. He feels so alienated from her joy that speaking with her is like talking to someone standing a very long distance away.
The beetle-browed man—Knott is his name, Sherlock recalls—leans forward in his chair, his expression deadly serious. “You heard what I told Bailey. I’d watch what you say, Ferguson. Especially at the Captain’s table.”
John dropped his head, pressing his open mouth to the sharp point of Sherlock’s clavicle and licking his way up the length of Sherlock’s throat.
He had woken from a nightmare that vanished as soon as he opened his eyes—the colors receding into the darkness as he fought to get his pounding heart back under control. It had been something to do with Moriarty; he couldn’t remember the details, except that he had been taunting John about Sherlock. The things he’d been saying to John—they had made his cheeks flame with embarrassment, but they had also made warmth pool in his belly, and to his horror, upon waking, John discovered he was half-hard under the covers.
Sherlock shakes his head, damp curls flying, because even if he was dubious at first, he’s now certain it’s the best thing that’s ever happened to him.
There is an ache in John’s voice that makes Sherlock’s throat go dry, his chest pull tight with some sudden, sharp emotion. He looks up at John, at the sorrow in his eyes, the weariness, and knows in that moment how terrified John really was.
Sherlock is relieved to see that there’s no anger in John’s face, only a slow smile pulling at the corners of his mouth, as if he can’t help but smiling just looking at Sherlock.
—and at that realization Sherlock’s chest is suddenly full of light. He turns toward the bank, toward the cold grey of the London morning. “Let’s go home.”
The sea witch offers him a choice—give up his voice for the chance to walk on two legs, make John fall in love with him. Sherlock agrees.
“Maybe next time...” He swallowed to clear the hoarseness from his voice. “Next time we should just get each other off quickly before we…”
“Ahh,” John put up his hands to cover his eyes, and rubbed at them, as though to affirm that the sight before his eyes was actually there. “Nothing. I just—” He grinned into his own palms and then dropped his hands. “God. You.
Sherlock opens his mouth under John’s, pushing himself up on his knees so he can lean in closer, the front of his thigh brushing against the bulge in John’s trousers as he does. He feels the shudder that moves through John in response, and he rubs his leg against it again, this time with intention.
His irises are thin slivers of blue, almost completely eclipsed by pupil. The depth of his arousal is impossible to ignore but so is the look of intense tenderness he’s giving Sherlock.
John wasted one precious moment marveling at the transformation that had overtaken Sherlock. Not half an hour ago, Sherlock had been insisting his body was a fortress made of steel—John had to work at him for minutes to coax a ‘please’ out of him, and now, here he was, his thighs stretched wide, lifting himself up on his elbows to help push his weight down onto John’s hand, the note of desperation in his voice like a fist around John’s heart, squeezing.
Some details from this chapter were inspired by John Watson's "actual" blog, which I only discovered very recently, much to my delight. Here's the link, just in case there are others out there who have yet to encounter it: http://www.johnwatsonblog.co.uk/ The comment sections are where the real magic happens.
Sherlock risks a glance up at John. It’s not worth it to leave anything up to interpretation—he needs to be sure he tells John exactly what he wants.
It’s so completely unprecedented he wants to demand the real reason behind Lestrade’s decision, especially after what he heard the captain say about him and John. How can he just say yes and trust that this is real?
He hears Sherlock’s gasp of surprise and then his body is covering John’s, shifting his hands so that it is Sherlock who takes hold of his wrists, pushing them up above his head, stilling them.
“I don’t know,” John murmured, lowering Sherlock’s fingers to lean in and find his sugarcoated mouth. “That bathtub in there is almost large enough to be considered a body of water.”
He could feel Sherlock shuddering against him and he realized in the same instant that Sherlock was as overcome as he was.
John put his hands up to cover his eyes. “You are not drinking champagne at the same time that your cock is in me.”
John’s eyelids flutter at the touch of Sherlock’s fingers but do not close. Something dark moves through his gaze like a shifting storm cloud.
He hadn’t intended to fall asleep but he was so tired and the water was so warm that before he knew it, his head had tipped back against the tiles, and he found himself drifting off.
John’s hazy eyes look up at Sherlock, at first not understanding, and then Sherlock gives an unconscious twitch of hips and John’s hands reach up to settle on the swell of Sherlock’s buttocks.
John is looking at him with an expression of wonder on his face, and a tenderness that’s so profound it makes the laughter in Sherlock’s chest suddenly still.
“I couldn’t believe it when they told me about the bed. I thought the fellow was having me on—but I figured it didn’t matter either way. All that mattered to me was that it was on this beach—and that it would provide us with some shelter for the night. I could hardly believe it when I saw it with my own eyes. Still can’t really believe it, to tell you the truth.”
“You told me…” John says, settling his hands on Sherlock’s knees, thumbs stroking gently at the skin of Sherlock’s inner thighs, making him shiver and fight the impulse to buck his hips. His eyes are grave where he looks up at Sherlock. “In your letter, you said you did a different kind of exercise... that you wished I could have been there to assist you. Is that true?”
“You did well to trust Deverall. He’s a decent chap. He has Lestrade’s best interests at heart, that’s for sure. And I can’t imagine he would do anything to put Molly in danger.”
When Sherlock opens the door he is delighted to find Billy, standing with two buckets in hand, his face shining with eagerness.
John laughs lightly against him, leaning in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s sweaty cheek. “Easy there, love. We have to go slowly. Remember what I said? I don’t want to hurt you.”
The fury in him is blinding; he cannot tell if it is rage or grief that makes his shoulders start to shake. He can’t take it anymore.
It is only later, much later, when he is finally alone, lying in his hammock in the dark, that John lets himself pull out the length of folded silk from the trouser pocket at his hip.
If he cannot provide John with a pleasant space to be in during his brief window of freedom, at least he can make himself as appealing as possible.
He’s always loved to dance but doing so has always been a strangely dissonant experience because he’s never liked the partners he’s danced with. Coming into such close contact with the bodies of strangers was always anxiety-inducing, bordering on completely repulsive. Sherlock always thought that dancing alone would have been the best solution, but that was because he’d never imagined there was someone he would actually
With his mouth still on Sherlock’s, John reaches down between them and pulls Sherlock’s breeches the rest of the way down his legs. He breaks the kiss to shimmy partway down the bed and free first one foot, then the other from the soft material, before dropping it to the floor and out of sight.
It feels inevitable to him that the same thing will happen with Molly—that he’ll disappoint her eventually, upset her in some unforgivable way without ever meaning to—but he’d prefer to put the moment off as long as possible. Especially since he’ll need someone to help him while away the long and lonely hours if he and John are no longer able to continue meeting in private.
It’s irrational, he knows. But it seems that much of his rational behavior has fled in the wake of his acquaintance with John Watson. Indeed, Sherlock scarcely recognizes himself anymore. He seems to spend the majority of his waking hours on his hands and knees, pleading with imaginary deities and reasoning with voices in his own head.
Thanks to A Study in Purple for all her continued hard work beta-ing, and special thanks this chapter to AnnaKnitsSpock for her feedback and editorial skills. :)
He can hear small flurries of movement inside the rooms along the corridor as people prepare for their visits to shore tomorrow morning, the low excited murmur of their voices, and the longer Sherlock listens, the harder it is not to think about the beckoning sweep of that white line of sand, the green heaving scent of the trees which he can almost detect even now, even below deck…
“I promise,” John said, pulling Sherlock up against him, forcing the words out around the knot of emotion in his throat. “I’m not going to leave.”
The light from the porthole is streaming in against John’s face. Sherlock can see every crease, every line of weariness and despair. It makes John look ten years older than he actually is.
Sherlock can feel the blush creeping down his throat to his chest just at the thought and he’s hot, too hot—he needs John—
John groans into the kiss, his body rising to meet Sherlock’s until they’re both on their knees, clinging to one another like drowning men—John’s hands cupping Sherlock’s face as he kisses him, Sherlock’s hands fisting in John’s shirt, dragging the material out of his trousers to get at more of him.
John bites down lightly before dragging his mouth back towards Sherlock’s ear and licking into it, making Sherlock gasp.
He looks back at the little group of sailors before heading through the door leading to the passengers’ quarters, and John, looking up to catch his eye across the deck, winks.
He works his way through every address on the list but they’re all dead ends—the spiders long since left their nests. He starts out taking cabs from place to place but the last few are in neighborhoods only accessible on foot, dark warrens of filthy streets that seem untouched by time.
John parted his thighs and Sherlock moved between them, dropping fully to his knees, his hands digging in under the waistband of John’s trousers with renewed force.
Lestrade all but pushes the protesting woman out of his way and onto Lieutenant Dimmock so that he can move past, and the crowd reforms with Dimmock as its center.
John’s touch on Sherlock’s face softens, his thumb sliding down to trace the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock shivers in response, his body leaning, as though of its own accord, to press forward into John.
“You’re a creature of magic,” John murmurs, looking up at him with lights in his eyes. “It’s the only plausible explanation.”
“Good afternoon, Mr. Holmes,” Miss Gibbons says in what Sherlock considers to be an unnecessarily breathy voice. “That was quite an extraordinary performance you just gave.”
Sherlock stares at John, shocked only for a moment by John’s language, before the hilarity of John’s choice of words in connection with this particular situation hits him.
He flicked his torch off and stuck it back in his pocket, leaving him in complete darkness. Reaching out with one hand, he felt for the lock, and then guided the key into it by touch. It slid in relatively smoothly and when he turned it, he heard the satisfying sound of tumblers giving way, releasing the mechanism of the door.
Sherlock does not say anything until they reach the revelers on the other side of the main mast and have been swallowed up by the boisterous crowd. He looks over at her and cannot keep the smile from off his face.
John felt guilt burst hot and painful in his chest—like a wound opening that he thought had closed over.
Thank you all so much for reading. I decided to post this chapter today, not only because we all need some relief after season four (good GOD), but also because it just so happens that I am an American citizen and what happened in the US today fills me with a lot of fear and anger and dread, and I think the best response I have in the wake of what is happening is to: 1) Be gayer than ever, and 2) Make as much art as possible. These are my goals, always, but I consider them amplified in the next four years.
“Billy,” Sherlock says with sudden renewed urgency. “Tell Mr. Stamford that it’s for me—John’s friend—Sherlock Holmes. Tell him it’s a special favor for me, and if he can spare it, tell him I’ll pay him back in triple—when I can. Will you tell him that?”
Sherlock scrutinizes Lestrade’s expression, which is painfully formal. He looks as though he’s trying as hard as possible to be sure no other emotions creep onto his face.
He smoked endless cigarettes, pacing the balcony of their suite long into the night, sometimes coming to a halt and standing motionless for minutes on end, the white plume of his breath the only sign of life as he contemplated the dark glittering city beneath him. When John awoke in the mornings to find the overflowing ashtrays he began to wonder if allowing Sherlock this one luxury to try and ease his nerves wasn’t such a good idea after all.
Sherlock pulls his head back out of sight. He cannot stand to look anymore. His own freakishness feels as visible as a brand on his forehead.
He felt hands tightening on his shoulders and then, a familiar voice pleading with him, filled with fear.
He crept slowly around the circumference of the room, studying every man that matched Briggs’ physical description. No one in the room seemed to notice that the ship was moving, or if they did, they didn’t seem to mind. People were dancing on the far end of the room by the orchestra, the rest of the crowd happily drinking and talking.
“He said it was obvious I wasn’t interested in the well-being of the crew out of any kind of philanthropic gesture,” Sherlock goes on, the bitterness plain in his voice. He feels John’s hand shift against him in what he imagines is meant to be a comforting gesture and fights the instinct to shake it off. He doesn’t deserve comfort for this. “So reason stands that I must be interested in one crew member in particular.”
Several people pushed forward to try the door and John had to twist sideways to avoid being crushed.
John’s voice is soft with shock. “Why would you think that? It’s just an old sailing song. It’s a favorite with the lads. I never meant it as a message for you. I didn’t even know you were up on deck that night.”
“Anywhere?” John asks, his teeth flashing white in the dark as he grins and then Sherlock’s knees actually do give out beneath him as a surge of pure desire drags him down like a wave.
Sherlock looks at her again and remembers suddenly the way he’s seen her look at Lieutenant Lestrade, how much it reminds him of the way John looks at him, and he realizes that she may well understand, even more than he knows.
“I can see it in the way your body responds to me. When I get close to you your breathing accelerates, your pupils dilate, your eyes drift continually to my mouth. You hold yourself differently, tensely, like you’re trying to keep yourself from reacting, like you’re trying to stop yourself from moving closer to me.”
John is leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest in a gesture of casual nonchalance, but Sherlock can see his eyes are shining with delight.
John probably doesn’t even want to see him tonight; maybe he wants to spend time with the crew, maybe he wants to play cards and drink with his messmates, like any other sailor.
Sherlock nods against John’s cheek, breathless, his own hips rising and falling now to meet John’s in a regular rhythm, seeking more friction.
The sky is a blinding blue above them, the sun a brilliant blaze of white as it climbs towards its zenith.
He pushed past a trembling woman in a sapphire mask to gain access to the front of the queue and climbed unsteadily to his feet.
Sherlock is so absorbed in his study of the scene before him that he has not realized John is watching him, still and silent, at his side.
John’s first note was lovely, sweet even, full of tenderness, but there was an evenness to the sentiment expressed within. It felt calm, instilled with the faith that all would be right with the world again soon. Reading it was like seeing one of John’s reassuring smiles.
Most of the hammocks that Sherlock saw before have been rolled up and stowed out of sight, and the tables where the crewmen were sitting have been pushed to the edges of the room. Everywhere Sherlock looks there are sailors crowded close together, shouting, laughing, playing cards. Some are sitting on the table, others are perched on hammocks and crates, with pipes clenched in the corners of their mouths, but all have tankards in their hands.
John stopped and watched him, his long fingers on the gleaming buttons, tugging the waistcoat into place above his hips.
“Whatever the reason, looks like Anderson’s set on punishin’ John Watson, and that means punishin’ the whole mess along with him.”
Sherlock drew back slightly. John could see the expression on his face was close to anguish. “Will you touch me?”
Sherlock shuts the door carefully behind him, his mind full of how John will look when he sees him later this afternoon, climbing up the rigging with the sun shining on his bare shoulders, blue sky at his back.
Sherlock’s eyes seem to have taken on the color of the ocean behind him. He brings his face right down to John’s, turquoise eyes sparking. “Would you prefer to die here with me instead?”
John pushed his face deeper just at the thought, moaning into the moist heat, his tongue thrusting in an even rhythm.
“Who, me?” John let his hands glide down the dramatic curve of Sherlock’s lower back to rest just above the swell of his arse. His fingers found the dimple at the base of Sherlock’s spine. “Absolutely nothing.” He let his hands slip lower, heard Sherlock catch his breath. “You’ve given me everything I could possibly want.”
Lestrade leads them to a dark corner under the bulwark at the midsection of the ship. The area is cloaked in shadow and when Lestrade steps into the darkness, Sherlock can only see that he is there thanks to the gleaming buttons on his uniform.
Now Sherlock is standing completely nude above John, but his arousal is forgotten in the shock of John’s words.
“It’s alright. But we have to act quickly. We’ve got to get you into that boat that’s being loaded now. I’m afraid if we put you in a boat with too many crew members they’ll notice that you’re not one of them.”
“Lieutenant Deverall and Lieutenant Dimmock were the only two officers present when the drink tray was brought over. I only remember because Lieutenant Deverall made a joke about the fact that the man must be thrilled for the chance to leave the captain’s quarters, he keeps him so busy. So he must be the captain’s steward.”
John’s knee is pressing hard into Sherlock’s inner thigh and Sherlock realizes if John’s knee just moved slightly further inward it would be rubbing against the part of Sherlock that currently needs the most attention.
He resists the urge to smash the nearest thing at hand against the wall of his cabin, which happens to be his violin—but only barely.
John licked his lips, the heat of this revelation unspooling in his chest and spreading to every inch of his body, warming him as effectively as the steaming water he was immersed in.
When he returned with the bottle in his hand, Sherlock had removed his remaining articles of clothing and was kneeling by the coffee table, completely naked. The sunlight streaming in through the window lit up the long lines of his body. John froze in the doorway, his hand tightening convulsively around the bottle of lube, overcome with the sight.
He couldn’t take it anymore. He reached for his own cock but Sherlock’s hand was on his wrist before he could touch himself, stilling the movement.
Sherlock feels a surge of some painful emotion move through him at the thought and he wraps the clean neck cloth around his throat so he does not have to look at it.
He’s surprised to see tears in Molly’s eyes. This can’t be easy for her. She’s always had a big crush on Sherlock.
Sherlock puffs himself up like an offended peacock. “I witnessed two sailors engaged in decidedly illicit activities while I was making my way through the upper gun deck.”
Sherlock thinks back to the depth of emotion in John’s voice in the previous song, as he sang about the young captain’s love for the girl on the shore. That yearning in John’s voice that had filled Sherlock with a longing of his own now twists in his gut, making him feel sick. Suddenly, it all makes so much sense.
“Watson,” Dimmock says somewhat breathlessly, holding his hat in place as a sailor jostles past him on his way to his post on the mizzenmast. “Watch where you’re going, Turner!”
Sherlock sees the boy nodding from where he’s still splayed on the deck, blood running from his split lip.
Sherlock’s spread thighs are now straddling John’s lap, their cocks flush together. He can feel the hard heat of John’s erection against his own and he has to close his eyes for a moment, overcome by the sensation.
He was aware that his mouth had fallen open at Sherlock’s words but he was too stunned and overwhelmed to close it. All he could do was stare up at Sherlock, his breath coming too quickly between his parted lips.
But he could feel Sherlock trembling against him, could feel how overcome Sherlock was, and it occurred to him that he had no idea as to the range of Sherlock’s sexual history, whether he had any experience at all. He also knew that Sherlock wasn’t in a mood to discuss those details with him.
John told Sherlock about his time in the army. Many of the stories were ones he had never told anyone before, but somehow it was easy, here, in the quiet darkness with Sherlock close beside him, to speak of things he’d never talked about with anyone before.
However, as he glanced down at the decks below them, he felt his heart skip a beat; the ship beneath them was an inferno of orange flame.
Molly seems to be in the same predicament, but when they try to refuse the drinks, they may as well have tried asking the tide not to come in. Patterson ignores them completely, and goes on passing out drinks to the others.
He sits through two long agonizing games of whist and he is just about to lean in and ask if he and Miss Hooper might take a walk together up on deck when Miss Hooper’s aunt ushers the two of them out of the saloon, insisting that she has a headache and that Molly
“Isn’t she a beauty?” Sherlock hears someone murmur, and he’s almost grinning already, so contagious is the general atmosphere of excitement awakened by the appearance of his violin.
Sherlock watches John through lowered lashes, feeling none of the shyness he felt the first time John undressed him (was it really just a week ago? It feels like another century); instead, he can feel his arousal growing under the weight of John’s eyes, with the awareness that he is now completely nude in front of John, thighs spread apart in offering under John’s warm palms.
So instead, Sherlock stands awkwardly, terrified and frozen, with the door hanging open for all the dangers of the ship to come crowding in.
John’s lips part under Sherlock’s, his tongue invading Sherlock’s mouth in a burst of heat. Sherlock opens his mouth wider, his own tongue pushing up against John’s to feel the lovely thrust of that muscle that is so intimately
John slid one hand up to the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled Sherlock’s mouth down against his, reaching out with his other hand to grab hold of Sherlock’s fingers. He dragged their hands up above his head, arching his body up into Sherlock’s as Sherlock pushed down into him.
John finally looks up at Sherlock once he’s fully dressed, his eyes moving meaningfully to the gaping hole in the wall beside them. “We should probably move that back.”
John’s wet hair is slicked back from his face, and Sherlock thinks, not for the first time, how handsome he looks with his hair pushed back off his forehead. Sherlock studies him up close. There are little beads of water standing out against his skin like jewels—gathered in his eyelashes. Sherlock is seized with the desire to kiss each one and realizes with a giddy swooping sensation of glee that he can.
Lestrade opened his mouth to protest but John didn’t hear his reply. He was already out the door and halfway down the hall leading into the heart of the house. The ensuing negotiations with Lestrade would take several minutes more. Meanwhile there was a maniac on the loose. John planned to find him.
He only lasted two seasons before he was thrown out for insulting all of the most esteemed faculty members. Sherlock had no problem correcting them when they made mistakes. Some of their theories were so backwards it was impossible for him to understand how they’d ever been able to receive their professorships. Sherlock was convinced at the end of his first season that the whole place was corrupt and full of impostors. If he was smarter than most of the faculty, then what did that say about the quality of the education he was getting? It was ridiculous; it wasn’t worth his time.
John’s jab catches him off guard. Sherlock fails to sidestep the blow. He raises his arms just in time to absorb the punch but the force of it knocks him backward.
Just one more minute, though, of this bliss, this loveliness, the pounding of John’s heartbeat so strong against his own.
“Shh, never mind.” He put a hand over Sherlock’s to loosen his grip. “It’s all right. I’m sorry I brought it up. I just—” He reached up to smooth the tangled hair back from Sherlock’s forehead, knowing the gesture had soothed him in the past, and felt Sherlock noticeably calm under his fingers.
Sherlock refuses to hear any of this. Even a bucket of ice water would have been cause for joy—but this, clean and still slightly warm—it’s seconds before Sherlock can even attempt to stammer out a thank you.
more than ever, because John looks different now, is different. He has changed in the eight hours or so since Sherlock last kissed him; his short hair is slicked straight back from his brow, looks stiff from the salt of the waves or from sweat—probably both, the grooves round his mouth are softer in the bright light of day, the lines on his forehead all smoothed away.
Ironsides lays a comforting hand on Burns’ shoulder. “I think you’re a most striking older gentleman, Burns.”
All at once, Sherlock is struck again with the magnitude of what is about to take place. John Watson,
Sherlock leads her stiffly out into the small throng of other dancers. Thank goodness, it’s a waltz. Sherlock thinks anything else might prove too much for his nerves.
Sherlock sags back down against the bed, feeling boneless and heavy, a low sweet note of pleasure still humming through him, filling him with contentment.
“You’re not,” John’s voice is dreamy, low and sinful. “Everything about you is the opposite of ordinary.”
Then the whole boat is cheering, hands clapping John on his shoulders and arms as he climbs his way back to his empty place at the oars, which is behind Sherlock, mercifully. Sherlock does not know how he would survive the entirety of the trip to shore if he had to do so watching the rhythmic pull of John’s body as he worked the oars, the strong curve his shoulders would make with each stroke forward, muscles bulging under the worn fabric of his jacket, hair catching at his forehead in the spray from the waves.
“No. He did it to make sure I remember who’s really in control—to show me that there isn’t anything I have that he can’t get if he wants it. That’s why he asked me for your name.”
At first it’s fine. It stands to reason that Sherlock won’t risk drugging John again so soon after it went so badly. John expects several days to pass without another visit. His renewed conviction that Sherlock is alive gives a burst of energy and almost normalcy to his life. It’s easier to go about day-to-day tasks without the same sinister gloom, because now it’s just like Sherlock is out on an annoyingly long jaunt and instead of devastating despair, John feels only intense irritation that Sherlock would consider lying to him about his own death.
“By the way he tells it, if he hadn’t gone to look in on you when he did, you wouldn’t have made it through. It’s a very good thing he’s got his eye on you. Otherwise, I’m not sure we’d be having this conversation right now.”
“That was…” Sherlock’s fingers—those deft and skillful fingers—a musician’s fingers, John thought fleetingly, as they tugged John’s foreskin down, his thumb circling the exposed head, making John’s breath catch sharply in his throat. “…the best… sex…” Sherlock pushed his nose in against John’s, breathing the words into John’s open mouth as his fingers on the shaft of John’s cock began to stroke. “…I’ve ever had.”
Molly seems far too amused by this story. He turns on her with savage intensity. Molly doesn’t even flinch. Sherlock resumes pacing. “I—yes! Against my better judgment, I did!”
Miss Hooper offers him a smile. “Don’t be silly. You’re a marvelous companion.” She hesitates a moment then goes on to add. “Although that may be due to the fact that my standards for acceptable company are relatively low.”
It takes all of his willpower then to take a step backwards, to drop his eyes from John’s, and make his way to where Molly is standing, waiting for him to lead her to the table where John’s messmates sit.
He no longer has to concentrate so hard because he knows how to waltz—he’s done so a hundred times before—and because the tempo of the music is slower, Sherlock finds he is suddenly much more able to appreciate the intimacy of how they are dancing together; Sherlock can feel the muscles in John’s back shifting under his hands when they turn, John’s thigh brushing against Sherlock’s every so often as they move over the floor.
This thought propels Sherlock into motion as he busies himself tidying up the trail of discarded clothing on the floor of his room.
John nodded, grateful. Now that he no longer felt sick he was left with an overwhelming feeling of shame. He spoke through his fingers, his voice miserable. “I don’t think I can go back in there.”
He dreamed of the pool again, but this time, Moriarty was nowhere in sight. Sherlock ripped the vest from his shoulders, but after tossing it aside, he pulled John into his arms and buried his face in John’s neck.
His eyes flicker to Sherlock’s briefly in question, and Sherlock tries—without success—to communicate to John through his eyes that spending a moment alone with Deverall is the last thing on earth that he desires—but even as he attempts to convey this, he realizes the futility of the endeavor.
.” Sherlock was pushing back against him to meet his strokes. His shoulders were gleaming with sweat. “Come on, John!” There was something almost desperate in his voice.
Sherlock wishes, too late, that he had been paying closer attention to the murmur of conversation around the breakfast table. Colonel Jackson’s question seems to imply that he and Ferguson had been engaged in a conversation which the other man cut short.
Not for the first time, he wonders about the woman to whom it belonged. He still knows almost nothing about John’s family, and his mind flickers back now to the conversation he shared with Stamford earlier this morning, and the wealth of new information the affable man shared with him about John’s past.
John glanced up at the desperate note in Sherlock’s voice. He felt Sherlock’s hands grip his elbows. John watched the line of Sherlock’s mouth twist sharply.
Sherlock glances toward the stairs and even through the gloom two decks down he can just make out a sheen of sunlight on the top of the upper step, the heavy golden light seeping through the portholes one deck above marking the sun’s descent toward the horizon. The sun sets early here because they are so close to the equator.
It took two quick thrusts and then John was coming—screaming Sherlock’s name as his body pushed up into Sherlock’s, his orgasm tearing through him with the force of a hurricane.
“Miss Hooper, Ms. Grimsby,” he says, bowing to them both, more deeply than he would usually dare to before straightening up and trying to arrange his face into a becoming expression as he faces Ms. Grimsby. “I was wondering, Madame, if I might have the pleasure of escorting your niece this morning for a brisk stroll on the deck after breakfast.”
Sherlock thinks about the day John swam out into the ocean to win MacTavish’s bet—the way he’d done it the day after Stevens and some others had been talking about Sherlock—how reckless, how dangerous it had been—as if swimming the length of the ocean would show them all what John was made of.
He satisfies himself by tracing his fingers over one of John’s nipples through his shirt with his free hand, and is rewarded by the feeling of the little bead of flesh stiffening under his fingers.
I'm posting links once again to the playlists I made while working on this story, so if you'd like a soundtrack for the angst you can listen to Part One
He keeps it, folded against his palm, as though he needs the physical weight of it to convince himself that it exists.
He sifts through the fragments beside him on the bed, pulls out the largest piece he can find and reads:
His eyes have begun to adjust now to the brightness, and he squints at their surroundings to confirm that what’s happening is indeed real.
Sherlock does not argue with the boy; he can tell his displays of gratitude make him profoundly uncomfortable, but as he opens the door and sends Billy on his way again, watching him disappear up the staircase at the end of the corridor, Sherlock makes a promise to himself that he will make it up to the boy, somehow, someday, when he can, for Sherlock knows as well as Billy does, much as he doesn’t care to admit it, that he is doing
Sherlock pushed the pillow the rest of the way off his face and twisted himself into a sitting position, peering quizzically at the spread of elaborate food that John had ordered. “Are you intending to single-handedly provide the hotel with their business for the year?”
Sherlock is bursting with more questions—what else had John told Stamford about his time in prison? How many voyages have they been on together since?
All too soon, John has pulled his trousers back on, dragged his shirt on over his head, and shrugged into his jacket. He’s just lacing up his shoes, the line of his back one strong beautiful curve for Sherlock’s eyes when the sound of the ship’s bells sound through the morning haze.
Looking up at John now, as he reaches the highest part of the mast and begins to move out along the yardarm Sherlock cannot imagine ever feeling at ease up there, much less loving the experience.
He lies there, shaking; his eyes still shut tight, his breathing harsh and irregular for several long seconds.
Sherlock made an assenting sound and spread his legs to bring his cock into direct contact with John’s. John gasped, his hands fisting in the material of Sherlock’s shirt.
If they were lucky, the incident they were heading toward now was just another attempt to frighten them without doing any real harm. Because that was always the essential piece of Moriarty’s game—it was the psychological aspect of terrorism that thrilled him, breaking people from the inside out. He wouldn’t simply cause physical harm, oh no, it was so much more satisfying to him if he could destroy people’s bonds with one another, break down their perceptions of the world, unravel everything they held dear.
She stopped in the doorway, her expression darkening when she caught sight of Sherlock. “Where do you think you’re going, Freak?”
Even the air feels different—it’s heavy, thick with moisture, laced with the pungent scents of flowering blossoms and rich earth.
The person standing just out of sight beyond the end of the longboat has turned away from the railing and with small clicking footfalls is making their way to the aft hatch.
With a truly admirable display of self-possession, John ignored the beautiful man stalking through the living room and focused on the task at hand.
Someone had turned the lights down. The only illumination came from the television in the corner where people had begun to count down from ten. John glanced over his shoulder. “Where’s Sherlock?”
“I should have known you’d be lovely in the water, ethereal creature that you are. But you’re more beautiful than I even imagined. You’re bewitching… there’s no other word to describe it.”
“We’re going to have to be careful in the weeks to come. Especially if you’re right, that the captain is up to something—something that is only just beginning. It means we’ll have to be more watchful than ever.”
It’s as if the force of this realization is so affecting that John can feel Sherlock’s wonder beside him. His eyes flutter open and he looks up at Sherlock and smiles.
“Lucky for you I planned for this, and lucky for you…” He groped down in the darkness next to the fireplace and grinned as his hand closed on the lid of a cardboard box. “I didn’t leave this in the kitchen because I knew you’d probably mess with it.”
Sherlock slides his hands around John’s waist in answer, tilting his head up to bring their mouths into alignment.
Sherlock thinks about what John is saying, and then tries to imagine how it must have felt for John in that moment, being treated like a piece of furniture—worse, like he didn’t exist—and Sherlock feels a rush of shame replace his anger.
“Well, I was up on deck just now—taking my usual morning stroll before breakfast—such a beneficial activity for the digestion, suggested to me by my own dear wife.” Colonel Jackson reaches out to lovingly pat his wife’s lace-gloved fingers where they rest atop the table. “And it seems that at least one young man failed to show up for his shift this morning, which of course—on a ship of this size—is absolutely unacceptable.”
There is an audible crack, which cannot be mistaken for anything other than the back of the captain’s hand hitting Anderson’s face.
John was not surprised to learn that Sherlock wasn’t wearing pants. He could feel the damp patch on Sherlock’s trousers where the leaking head of his cock had been pressed. The slick heat of it against his fingers was the most welcome thing John had felt all night. He groaned as his fingers curled around it.
“Will you put a cork in it, Anderson?” It’s Lieutenant Deverall, sounding very irritated, and maybe slightly drunk. “We know! You’ve been saying the same bloody thing for the last twenty minutes. We’ve agreed to go knock on his door, haven’t we?”
Sherlock takes a breath, the captain’s motivations crystalizing before him as he speaks, suddenly clear to him in a way he couldn’t access before.
It takes a moment for John to catch his meaning and then understanding dawns on his face, smoothing the lines from his brow. John throws back his head and laughs.
Sherlock’s mouth is impossibly soft, his gasp of surprise as sweet as honey to the starving center at the heart of John. He tugs Sherlock down with him into the water, opening his eyes briefly to take in the shocked blue of Sherlock’s gaze.
John shows him where the sailors sleep—down in the forecastle, and where they eat—on the lower gun deck; he takes Sherlock past the galley, where they catch a glimpse of John’s friend Stamford, leaning over an enormous boiling pot, his features lost in a swirl of steam.
“I know,” John says again, his voice so full of sorrow it makes Sherlock’s chest ache. “Oh god, I know.”
Sherlock looks away in disgust, uncertain where to rest his eyes. He feels his own rage rising, almost as if the wall of anger emanating from the men beneath him were contagious, as though he were breathing it into his nostrils like smoke.
“It takes time, and a great deal of patience, until it feels comfortable, until you’ll be able to take… all of me. But if it’s something you’d like to try—”
“He thinks we’re each only capable of one faculty. That I can only reason, while you can only feel. He thinks we’re split neatly down the center—you are the body and I am the mind. But he’s wrong, John! He’s wrong about both of us. We’re not so easily carved up. You’re not just a body he can cut to pieces. No more than I am simply a mind that can be reasoned with. And that’s what you’ve showed me, John. Without you, I never would have realized I was more than just a brain.”
“Count it as another favor from me when I tell you that if the captain is smuggling contraband goods, then it certainly isn’t here in Rio. So you can spare yourself the trouble—and the embarrassment—of a confrontation which will yield nothing at all of benefit to yourself!”
Sherlock hesitates, guilt-stricken, but he is saved from having to answer by the shrill sound of the boatswain’s whistle.
“You’re so strong, John,” he hears himself whispering as his hands glide up John’s thighs, up to the dramatic grooves of John’s pelvis, fingers lingering over the smooth skin, the sharp dip around the bone. “Sometimes I think there’s nothing you can’t do, even if it meant moving the world with your bare hands. You could do it. I know you could.” Sherlock’s voice is low and worshipful. “You could do anything you set your mind to.”
Someone is telling a story that is clearly very humorous. Sherlock can only hear snatches of it, but he’s fairly certain he wouldn’t understand the joke even if he could make it out.
“Who, me?” Sherlock says innocently. “Lieutenant, you wound me! Why would you assume I’d want anything at all?”
He kisses Sherlock’s bottom lip—his chin—the edge of his jaw again—tiny teasing kisses that makes Sherlock clench his fingers in the material of John’s jacket in frustration.
He wants to open it, of course he does; more than anything he wants to read what’s written there, but once he’s peeled the edges of the paper apart and read the words, it will be over, and he will be left waiting again, not knowing when next he will hear from John.
He knew that Sherlock would try to get in. He couldn’t lock it so he took the chair that stood by the wardrobe and pushed it under the handle.
John fucked his hips upward into Sherlock’s fist; fingers tightening around Sherlock’s bicep as he thrust with all his might, a low whimper sounding in the base of his throat as Sherlock sucked harder, so hard that the pain that lanced through John felt delicious, bright, seemed to double the force of his pleasure with its searing warmth.
And that’s all he manages because Sherlock has found that particular spot again, and has begun massaging it lightly. It’s easy to reach with Sherlock’s long middle finger—and John’s hips buck in response, his mouth falling open in a silent exclamation of pleasure before a long moan slips out.
At John’s words, there’s a snip somewhere inside himself, and Sherlock feels distinctly that he’s falling; as though there were a rope tied around Sherlock’s waist keeping him upright, keeping him above some terrible, unknowable abyss, and the rope’s just been cut.
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes.” Sherlock was staring at John now without seeing him, his eyes already visualizing what Lestrade was describing. Sherlock hung up the phone and crossed the room in two strides. “This is it.”
Sherlock does not wait for John to finish. The look in his eyes, the catch in his voice has told Sherlock everything he needs to know.
Cold skin, slightly bluish—chance of cyanosis. Two abrasions on face, one still bleeding. Contusion on back of skull under hairline. Dislocated shoulder. Weak pulse. Not breathing. Not breathing. Not breathing.
The collection was impressive and John found himself looking at paintings that he recognized from the sole art history class he’d taken in university, even though he didn’t remember the names of the painters. He amused himself by imagining Sherlock’s reaction to the museum. What was Sherlock’s attitude towards fine art? Disinterested, John assumed. “Dull, John. Dull!” he imagined Sherlock saying, stalking past the canvases without a second glance—he likely wouldn’t have lasted more than five minutes.
Pushing himself off the wall with the last ounce of his will, John staggered the last two steps into his room and closed the door behind him.
Sherlock paces the length of his room, full of nervous energy. His whole body still feels like it’s vibrating from his confrontation with Ferguson and he’s bursting to tell someone about his discovery.
He pushes his forehead in against John’s, and they’re both panting now as Sherlock strokes the length of John, faster and faster, until he feels the first tremors start to move through John, the smell of his sweat, the ripe heat of his body filling Sherlock’s nostrils, causing him to tighten his calves around John’s back, to break his mouth away so he can lick the sweat off of John’s throat.
Sherlock’s voice is raw with pain and once again, Molly is astounded that John has managed to reach this man the way that he has. No one else ever will.
Sherlock watches the man before him go absolutely still. It’s an unnerving experience, like watching a snake before it’s about to strike. He looks up at Sherlock and something about the razor sharp quality of his gaze makes Sherlock feel suddenly as though the man can see straight through him.
John trails a hand down the front of Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock sucks a breath in and holds it as John’s hand moves all the way down to his belly button and over his hip, where it rests, warm and light, fingers spread over the top of Sherlock’s thigh.
He hears the exhalation of John’s breath in response to his words, watches as joy floods his features.
Sherlock stands, glaring at Anderson with every ounce of his ire, unconsciously assuming his haughtiest expression.
Part of his excitement is simply a result of his joy over the success of helping John and his men; part of it is surely the alcohol, but most of this giddy feeling that Sherlock is now experiencing is just the pure excitement of having the chance to play his instrument again.
He does this several times, letting his mouth linger over the place where he can feel John’s heartbeat, fast but steady, underneath his lips, before he returns his attention to John’s nipple, this time opening his mouth against the sensitive flesh and licking a lazy circle around the circumference.
As much as his bed was calling to him, John didn’t like the thought of falling asleep with the smoke and the grime of the fire still on his skin. He knew he would feel better when he woke if the physical traces of the experience had been wiped away. A shower would be quicker but he honestly didn’t know if he could remain standing under the spray of hot water, even for the brief length of time it would take to get clean.
Sherlock shifts under the sheets, slides his hand down over his own hip—remembers how John’s eyes widened when he performed the same gesture, how his breathing changed. Sherlock licks his lips and sighs at the memory, clenching his hand into a fist against his thigh to stop its movement.
“Because he cups his ear every time the man above calls down to him. The injuries are easy,” Sherlock goes on before John can ask. “It's a simple matter of noticing the way he carries himself—see how he leans slightly to the left when he turns? That’s because of the wound in his hip. He’s compensating for the lack of flexibility on his other side. I guessed shrapnel because the majority of injuries on warships are from the shrapnel blown into them by cannon fire. The elbow injury is even more apparent. You see he can’t fully extend that arm? It’s always slightly bent. In fact, it’s remarkable he was able to keep the arm with an injury like that.”
If a few men are still down below then John must be one of them. Sherlock could ask Deverall—he could do it. But his distasteful jealousy for the other man stops his mouth as effectively as any gag, and before Sherlock can think better of it, Deverall has stepped up to the gangway to climb down the ladder.
The other three look up at Sherlock, all with similar expressions of relief on their faces—Ironsides, however, outdoes them all with his enormous grin. He’s the first to climb to his feet and take Sherlock by the hand, which he begins pumping vigorously.
John presses his face in against the base of Sherlock’s cock and inhales, and no, Sherlock cannot take it—his fingers must be leaving bruises on John’s shoulders, his nails biting half-moons into John’s flesh—because John’s mouth is
“You can’t do that, you know.” John said, his voice quiet. “You can’t just take what you want from people.”
since we started looking. We could’ve stopped him ages ago, but I let myself be distracted by cases from the bloody
Mercifully, he is saved from responding by a corpulent passenger in a decaying military jacket coming up behind Lestrade and throttling him in what Sherlock can only assume is an expression of good will. While Lestrade is being grappled in the man’s vise-like grip, Sherlock slips behind his back and away toward freedom.
Sherlock’s head was thrown back on the pillows, his eyes half-shut. His hair hung in a disheveled tangle of curls over his forehead. His face was flushed and gleaming with sweat, his throat and chest mottled with bright patches of red. His fingers were clenched in his hair, pulling, as he thrashed against the pillow in mindless need.
Sherlock’s eyes are dark in the firelight. John lifts his chin in acknowledgment of what Sherlock has said but he can’t speak. He looks into the fire, eyes burning.
Sherlock lowers his head into his hands, pressing hard against his skull, willing the torrent of panic in his breast to calm.
I have no trouble dealing with. But people like that… who wear their money like that, like it’s a suit of armor, who lord it over you, I find that…” John’s words are suddenly brittle. “I find it difficult.”
John let out a hard breath, struggling to control his fury, to try and help Sherlock understand. "Because that's not how people work. You need to give them time to decide things for themselves."
Sherlock listens to the sudden acceleration of John’s heart under his ear, his chest expanding against Sherlock as he draws in a deep breath and then lets it out in a sigh.
Sherlock crosses the distance between them, his eyes intent on John’s face. He wants John to see—in his eyes, in every line of his face—what this means to him, what it does to him to know that John has planned this for him, for
There is a general aura of expectancy in the air—but clearly the announcement hasn’t been made yet because there’s no celebratory feeling to the gathering at all. The men look as grey and worn-down as ever before, and the handful of passengers Sherlock can see look equally weary and put-upon by the heat; Sherlock recognizes Emma Gibbons and Henrietta Long by the torpid flutter of their fans.
When they finally reach the table, Sherlock is wound so tightly with excitement and barely-suppressed arousal, he’s surprised that his legs have managed to carry him this far.
just under his nipple. “I asked Stamford to give me water. I told Billy to tell him it was a favor for John Watson’s friend. I never would have asked but I wanted—”
The heat and the texture of the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s glans, the slippery salt taste of him, the moisture already gathered at the tip—all of the sensory details combined to drive home to John the intimacy of the act he was performing, and he moaned low and needy in the back of his throat as he closed his mouth fully around his length.
He reached for the bottle of antiseptic and nodded at Sherlock’s bleeding forearm. “Let me have a look at that cut.”
He felt Sherlock shift against him, felt the heat of Sherlock’s breath move over his jaw, and realized that Sherlock had lifted himself up on one elbow and was leaning down over him to find his mouth.
“This work is unfit to line the inside of my privy, and you are the oldest in this company. How many years have you been a midshipmen now, Anderson?”
Ferguson is still staring at Knott in utter shock, but now there’s a note of anger creeping back into his countenance. “How dare you?”
Seeing Sherlock looking, Colonel Jackson waves exuberantly, causing his wife to emit a small shriek of dismay as the motion rocks the boat. “A fine day for a visit to shore, is it not?”
John is now looking at Sherlock full on and Sherlock can see the dawning understanding on John’s face mingled with a look of deep embarrassment. His mouth drops open. “Oh, God I…”
Sherlock’s mouth stayed warm around him through every pulse of John’s release, and he could feel the muscles of Sherlock’s throat working as he swallowed it down. The visceral nature of this fact drew another long wave of pleasure shuddering through John’s torso, and with it another burst of fluid. Sherlock sucked that down too, fingers insistent on John’s thighs.
Sherlock makes a whimpering sound in the back of his throat, his hands flying up to seize John by the front of his shirt and pull him closer, thighs spreading apart on the mattress as though of their own volition.
Now, seeing him asleep made something in John’s chest ache. He looked younger, vulnerable—the worried line between his brows was gone, his lips were parted slightly, one tumbled lock of hair slipping down over his eye. John fought the urge to lean forward and smooth it back. He needed a haircut. Sherlock was usually meticulous about his hair regime (although he pretended not to be, John knew otherwise), but ever since the events with Moriarty Sherlock had clearly been too distracted to schedule one.
“Well,” John says, his expression sobering as he takes one of Sherlock’s hands in his to guide it down between their bodies.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice—filled with sudden fear—was followed by the slide of Sherlock’s palms up his thighs, until he was grasping John by his hands.
Lestrade nods his assent, turning to the helmsman to give him direction before making his way toward the stairs.
“I’m sorry, love. I know. I was being selfish. I can’t help drawing it out, you feel so good in my hand.”
Sherlock manages to make it through exactly half the next day before he starts consciously looking for John. But despite his constant scrutiny of the three masts and the corresponding rigging, despite his prowling the perimeter of the main deck like a gawky panther, there is no sign of the blue-eyed sailor.
Sherlock dropped his hand as if he’d burned John, his face flooding with renewed fear. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
He can see John working to calm himself. “I don’t want to pressure you, or rush you into anything you don’t want. I’ve tried to be careful, Sherlock. You’re so young.”
It is a long time before Sherlock has the strength to rise to his feet, and feels that he can walk again.
“You don’t mean…?” Sherlock’s indignation gives him the courage to speak. “But the Impressment Service is only legally permitted to conscript experienced seafarers.”
Sherlock stares back at her, searching her gaze for any sign of judgment, scorn, or disgust. But he finds none.
“Yes, John, I think he should have some very interesting things to tell us about the Imperial Diamond. And I knew you’d never sit through a lunch at the Diogenes unless you’d been thoroughly fucked.”
It shouldn’t feel this good to have John’s hands touching his legs in such an innocent place but somehow, Sherlock knows in this moment, there is no place on his body that John could touch that would not be charged with feeling, that would not feel as though his skin were set aflame from the dragging heat of John’s callused palms.
“I don’t even know where to begin, but I suppose I can say first of all, that you don’t need to worry about Deverall. I had no idea you felt this way, Sherlock. He’s…” John shakes his head again, clearly lost for words. “I haven’t even noticed what you have. I’m sure you’re not wrong, I’ve heard rumors that Deverall is… well, that like me… his tastes are somewhat… undiscriminating when it comes to his preferences in bed. But just because he may have taken a particular interest in me, that doesn’t mean he’s going to act on it. In fact, I’m quite sure he’s aware of my feelings for you, as are most people on board by now…” John says, looking at Sherlock significantly. “And I don’t think he’s the sort of person who would try and come between us. I meant it when I said I think he’s a decent chap. If he did proposition me, it would put me in an incredibly difficult position. If I refused and he took offense, he could find any reason he liked to have me flogged—or worse—and I would be powerless to speak against him.”
John heard the scornful tone creep back into Sherlock’s voice and knew once again that there were worlds left unsaid in that statement. Once again, he could imagine the implications all too well.
Fionn starts them off, and Aidan joins in with the melody not long after. They play it once through, and this time Sherlock directs all of his attention to the music, his focus absolute. He’s determined to begin playing as soon as John starts to sing.
Like Colonel Jackson and his wife, McKinley is one of the wealthier passengers who occupies the roundhouse cabins on the upper decks. He is a man heavily invested in the idea of his own self-importance. Sherlock does not like him one bit.
John must see the change in Sherlock’s face because all at once his voice is softening, his palms smoothing up Sherlock’s thighs with utmost tenderness. “No more of that, remember? I'm here because I
“Over zealous?” John looks up at him with a grin. “I told you, you had nothing to worry about. They already like you.”
He lets John sit back a little to look at him, one hand reaching out to smooth Sherlock’s streaming hair back off his forehead.
Once, the first time he came, Lestrade brought up Sherlock, his tone surprisingly gentle. “He wouldn’t want this for you, John. He’d want you to meet people, make new friends, move on with your life.”
Lestrade stared at Sherlock in disbelief. “No point? Then what the hell was all this about? Why the bloody hell did the two of you come out here in the first place if not to catch Moriar—”
“The officers always supervise. If any of them are in an ill temper, that’s a sure way for them to take it out on us. It’s not so bad on this ship, but on bigger ships, in wartime, discipline is always tighter, and there’s a lot more petty officers struggling to assert their authority over those beneath them. It was much worse when I was onboard the
He sits back, looking solemnly up at John; he can feel how swollen his mouth is, imagines how it must look shining with saliva and the fluid from John’s cock.
His back is starting to hurt from being hunched over in this position, his knees are aching; the sweat is pouring down his back, but he can tell John’s orgasm is close—he can feel it in the clench of John’s abdominal muscles, the slight trembling of his thighs.
“It’s fine. I’m fine.” He managed to sit all the way up and saw Lestrade stepping through the shattered kitchen door behind Sherlock, surveying the damage with a look of awed horror on his face. “My gun though. He took my gun.”
They’ve decided it’s safer if Molly does not return to her rooms again that night—the risk of someone seeing a midshipman stealing into Miss Hooper’s rooms, or exiting again the next morning—is too great, so they pass the remaining hours until daybreak in Sherlock’s rooms together.
He could feel every muscle in Sherlock’s body tightening toward orgasm, long fingers clutching at the back of John’s head, his breath dissolving into a chorus of low moans.
In the cab ride on the way home, Sherlock had sat right next to him, with his shoulder pressed hard against John’s own. In the moment, John had thought it strange but it had been comforting, had grounded him in the shaky aftermath of his fading adrenaline, and he remembered shutting his eyes, pressing back against Sherlock’s shoulder with responding pressure.
John broke the kiss with a cry as Sherlock’s hips began to move. The sensation of Sherlock pushing into him—filling him up—made a shudder of pleasure roll through him. He arched up against him, clenching his calves against Sherlock’s back.
He can feel John’s grin when he leans in to kiss him again, can hear the tremor in his voice as he shifts his knees on the bed to inch closer to Sherlock. “Be my guest.”
He curls over onto his side again; arms clenched tightly around himself, trying to stem the tide of his arousal, his feelings of helplessness, his despair.
Sherlock is still standing at the top of the stairs of the main hatch, as if standing where he is will somehow prevent what he just witnessed from being real.
Sherlock nurses a broken heart, and something potentially more dangerous. John battles a storm at sea.
“I can’t—” he grated out, in an attempt to warn Sherlock he was on the verge of coming, if that’s what you could call the feeling that was threatening to rip John apart. His knees were shaking so hard he felt one leg shuddering convulsively into Sherlock’s; he couldn’t stop it.
But the fear won’t leave him; it grips his throat like a fist, making it difficult to swallow, making it difficult to move.
He clutched helplessly at the sheets, quivering like a pinned butterfly, the metaphor that before had been so disturbing to him now making him feel like putty in Sherlock’s hands. He’d never felt so helpless, so utterly vulnerable.
The room was dark when Sherlock pushed the door open, the lights of the city stretched beyond the window interrupting the darkness like tiny pinpricks in an expanse of velvet.
His reluctance is short-lived, however, as he feels John’s hands on his shoulders, pulling him upwards until Sherlock is lying atop him. Drawing Sherlock’s mouth down to his, he slides one hand up Sherlock’s neck into his curls, the other gliding reverently over Sherlock’s hip and then back down to cradle his arse, dragging their bodies together.
wishes he hadn’t because at the sight of the naked desire in John’s eyes, his irises enormous, coal-black, Sherlock feels as though a wave has pulled him under, and he will surely drown if he cannot bring John’s body in against his now to let him feel the longing raging through him.
He starts to rise to his feet, embarrassed that he’s been caught out, sure that the young man is making fun of him.
Sherlock thinks for a moment about all of the wild, reckless, incredibly stupid risks he’s taken in his life, how most of them have solely been for his own benefit. Looking back, he thinks, how pointless they all were, how if given the chance to reconsider his actions, he probably wouldn’t take the same risks again.
“Better. Almost fully recovered thanks to you. He wanted me to thank you for what you did. He said he owes you his life.”
John felt the tremor of Sherlock’s words against his skin, felt his skin prickling in anticipation of the press of Sherlock’s mouth. It was as if his skin had extra awareness of Sherlock’s—it seemed to light up like a switchboard when Sherlock drew near.
, Sherlock had pleaded with the air around him, with the grass shivering at his feet, with the wind in the leaves above his head.
He kisses Sherlock again, pulling Sherlock to him with the hand at the small of his back, still cupping Sherlock’s head with the other, fingers so soft in Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock melts into the kiss, feels his whole body lift to meet John’s.
After his display earlier, it’s reassuring to know that Lestrade hadn’t simply given up. Sherlock feels his respect for Lestrade grow exponentially in that moment.
Sherlock watches John’s eyes drop to his mouth; he feels the weight of John’s gaze almost like a caress.
At the realization that John cannot even hold him properly, Sherlock feels sorrow slice through him like a knife.
Other than the sailors up in the rigging and those doing work on deck, the only other men around are a team of lieutenants deep in conversation at the helm.
Molly, too, looks pale and worried, and it suddenly occurs to Sherlock that the right thing to do before he goes running off after John would be to ask her whether there’s anything he might do to help.
In spite of the weariness of his body, his exhaustion from all that he has done that day, Sherlock’s body is wide-awake. It is lit up, singing, dragged to sudden vivid life by the touch of John’s lips against his skin.
should be supporting John, stroking his hair, murmuring endearments as he recovers from the paroxysm that just shook him, not the other way around, John’s arms under his shoulders as he guides him toward the bed, his worried voice saying Sherlock’s name.
Sherlock took a large bite of egg and looked up at John. The innocent expression on his face looked unsettlingly genuine.
They were searching for water, Sherlock thinks, and in that instant it occurs to him just how thirsty he actually is.
This revelation makes a chill run through Sherlock. How much did the captain know about their near discovery last night?
John’s fingers move up to tuck a curl behind Sherlock’s ear; he shivers at the gentleness in John’s touch, closing his eyes briefly.
“He’ll be alright.” Lestrade threw John a sideways glance before returning his gaze to the stream of traffic. “He just doesn’t like hospitals.”
But there is part of him that does not want to move at all—that simply wants to lie, curled around his memories, sifting through them in his mind, savoring each one, picking them up like sacred objects to run his fingers over every contour, every smooth and shining edge, tucked away inside his mind until John returns to make new memories with him.
They are still so vivid—John’s lips opening beneath his, the heat of his mouth, the desperate press of his fingers on Sherlock’s arms—but with every passing second their newness recedes from him, starts to grow dimmer, and Sherlock cannot let that happen, cannot let them fade. It’s imperative that he remembers every bit of the experience, every taste and touch and smell of John, so that he can save each memory, so that he can come back to them when he needs them.
“I—” Lestrade pauses to reflect. “It’s difficult to tell with him. His temperament is frequently sullen and disinterested. I cannot say that it was any different this morning.”
Lestrade must sense Sherlock’s insolence from his silence because he continues, his voice slightly pleading.
“If you want to kiss me, that’s fine. But don’t just do it to test my fucking responses to sexual stimuli!”
The John of his imaginings suddenly feels completely alien from the real John who he heard singing up in the foremast, singing about going from girl to girl, laughing with his messmate. That John sounded so easy and carefree; didn’t sound as if he was missing Sherlock at all.
Sherlock licks the blood off his lip; takes a deep breath. “He was poisoned by someone on board this ship.”
He looked utterly boneless, wrecked, like some angelic creature whose vices having been exposed, was plucked from the heavens by an angry god and hurled back to earth.
John heard Sherlock draw a breath, fight to keep his voice steady. He spoke slowly and clearly. “John, I’m going to cut the tie that’s binding your wrists. I need you to keep still. Just for a moment.”
reckless things Sherlock had done, this topped them all. Charging a sadist with a loaded gun in the middle of a blood lust was just not
John’s fingers find Sherlock’s jaw again, drawing his gaze up to his. His voice is full of gentle disapproval. “What nonsense is this?”
“I shouldn’t stay. They might be looking for me now—and if they don’t find me, they might come back. I shouldn’t be here when they do.”
“I don’t—” he ventures, his voice still very stiff. He tries again. “I’m not sure I know what you mean.”
He studies himself in the cracked glass that serves as his mirror, and although he still does not like what he sees—the angular lines of his cheekbones and jaw too severe, his pale face beneath his dark hair floating in the grey light like a specter—he can appreciate the look of resolution he finds there, the hard line of his jaw lending a decided air of determination; and he decides that he is as ready as he’ll ever be.
He’s furious that Anderson spoiled the end of what otherwise would have been the perfect afternoon. But the shadow cast by his ugly presence recedes quickly in the wake of the joy Sherlock feels at John’s reaction to his strange ability, the look on John’s face when Sherlock told him how he feels about him, the way his eyes lingered on Sherlock’s mouth.
Suddenly John was wide-awake, but he didn’t move his head from Sherlock’s shoulder. He kept his eyes shut and fought to keep his breathing steady as Sherlock’s fingers began tracing lazy circles on the top of his thigh. It was such a simple gesture but John felt his body responding to it like a taper to a lick of flame. There were goose bumps on his arms and heat already pooling low in his stomach. He wanted to sneak a glance up at Sherlock to read the expression on his face. Was the gesture intentional? It certainly felt like it was but John was having trouble hearing his own thoughts over the roar of commotion in his body.
But it never happens; and although it’s probably for the best, the absence, the lack of him, wears on Sherlock like an old shoe on a blister. His whole body seems to ache with wanting.
It’s a beautiful object, so delicate—so at odds with John himself who is coarse and strong and sturdy—somewhat rough around the edges, but then, Sherlock thinks, as he turns it in his fingers, watches it reflect the light, how like John to be in possession of such a rare and beautiful thing—complicated John who has such hidden depths, who is so full of light himself.
make sense that Sherlock would give in to Moriarty’s plan and jump to his death. There is no part of John that believes Sherlock’s admission of Moriarty’s lies.
, who introduced me to this GODDAMN show and the beauty that is this fandom, and who offered me very insightful advice and inspirations along the way, and last but not least, to my incredible beta,
John rubbed his palms along the sides of his thighs, as if he could rub the tension out of them, suddenly grateful for the darkness in the room.
It is only a matter of seconds before John touches the side of the ship and the men erupt into triumphant cheers.
Tucking his face in against Sherlock’s neck, he pressed his mouth to the pulse in Sherlock’s throat, and felt the same sweet ache fill him, as though he were lost in a wide sea, as though he were drowning, lips shaking as they formed the words, his voice breaking.
John stands close beside him, doesn’t say a word, and Sherlock basks quietly in his nearness, feels his body sway closer as though of its own volition.
He can feel the locket still around his neck, lying against his breastbone where it fell earlier when he let it drop from his fingers.
The thought is a seductive one but hunger wins out in the end, his growling stomach reminding him with urgency how long it’s been since last he ate.
“Top floor,” Sherlock replied breathlessly, and reached up to wipe away the blood at the corner of his mouth.
Twisting his body sharply in order to get Ferguson behind him, Sherlock slides a half step backwards, and then rams his elbow as hard as possible into Ferguson’s ribs.
Carefully, Sherlock withdraws his finger from the heat of John’s body, and with some reluctance pulls his mouth off John’s softening cock.
“Lovely evening!” John proclaimed, unable to help himself. “Did you come from the opera as well? What a production!”
Sherlock thinks on this, reflecting that the captain’s decision to throw a party clearly has very little to do with wanting anyone on board the ship to have a good time. Indeed, his attitude towards the whole affair seems to be one of grudging acceptance. It’s as if the idea was never his in the first place, as if he’s being pushed into it by someone else. But this is a man who does not stand to be pushed around.
He can hear John’s breathing, low and rapid, growing shallower at the sight of Sherlock stretched out before him, his eyes moving over Sherlock’s narrow hips, the dramatic curves of his ribs, the flushed head of his cock glistening where it rests against his belly.
“This is my second year—third voyage,” Billy says, and Sherlock can detect the infinitesimal degree with which his chest expands, the fractional lift to his chin. He recognizes the posture as one he has adopted all too many times himself, and feels another twinge of sympathy.
Sherlock’s mind is whirling as he digests this new information. What had been the contents of that letter?
“About last night.” She interrupts him, looking briefly startled by her own audacity. “I think…perhaps, it would be best if you went back to see your psychiatrist again. In fact, I took the liberty of scheduling an appointment for you this morning.”
There were no sounds from the front room where the forensics team had been and by the time he reached the central staircase where he and Sherlock had come in, he saw that the MET officers had packed up and cleared off per Lestrade’s instructions.
If he cannot speak the words, he will show John with his hands, with the touch of his mouth what he wants John to know.
—meant that that night had not been one of those times. Presumably, Sherlock had wanted to stay perfectly alert in order to adequately gauge the results of his experiment.
Billy nods, taking off his cap as he crosses the threshold of Sherlock’s cabin and clutching it between his hands.
,” he moaned; the sound of John’s name in his mouth needy and worshipful, somehow filled with gratitude and desperation all at once.
John was currently hard at work appreciating the vast diversity and dynamism of their flatware collection. He was lying on his stomach in the middle of the living room floor, surrounded by knives and forks, having upended the entire contents of the silverware drawer. His face was propped in one hand, feet waving merrily in the air, as he gazed adoringly at the handle of a shrimp fork.
John wanted to swallow him whole, wanted to explore every inch of Sherlock’s mouth, to pull him inside out, but he kept his movements gentle—it was already too much—Sherlock’s hands coming up to cup his face, as if in disbelief, the sigh he could feel in the back of Sherlock’s throat, the sweet simplicity of Sherlock’s lips against his own.
“I don’t know… I wouldn’t say no for a turn to plough that one’s backside. He might not be a lass but if you take him from behind what with those pretty curls it’d be easy enough to imagine otherwise.”
John goes forward to join them but Sherlock hangs back, lingering by the main mast where he can remain partially hidden from view. Even though John’s mess is clearly well aware of the fact that John and Sherlock just vanished for half an hour in the depths of the ship, Sherlock suspects it’s better if he waits before rejoining John—best not to provide them with the opportunity for any immediate associations.
It’s happening—Sherlock can’t believe it’s actually happening. After so many nights of fearing this exact scenario, so many hours of terror and worry and dread anticipating this nightmarish possibility—just like that, when they finally stopped fearing it would happen, here it is.
John pulls back slightly to look at Sherlock, his eyes enormous in the low light of the candles. “You may have no experience but I can tell you, as someone who has a great deal of it, you are getting the hang of things very quickly.”
“If you can’t find your way, ask someone to direct you to John Watson’s hammock. If anyone questions you, tell them you are doing so with my permission. In fact—” He adjusts his grip on Lestrade momentarily to reach for a chain around his neck that Sherlock has never seen before, tucked away under his shirt. He lifts it off over his head and places it in Sherlock’s outstretched palm. “If they question you, just show them this.”
He goes to bed feeling fine, but wakes a few hours later, hot and shaking, his mouth as dry as paper. When he tries to get up for a glass of water, he finds he is too sick to rise from the bed.
Between her and Sherlock’s other neighbor, Amesbury, who is a mercifully heavy sleeper (Sherlock has heard his snores through the thin partition of the wall on many a sleepless night), Sherlock feels he owes a great debt to whichever deity it is that looks after lovers on board merchant ships.
Sherlock does not hear what Deverall says to him in response, but he can hear the tone of Deverall’s voice, measured yet insistent.
The memory of what they did together yesterday in the forecastle comes back to Sherlock now like a slap in the face.
He kissed John’s ankle—just the softest brush of his lips—before sliding his mouth up to John’s calf. The touch of his mouth was so light John could feel himself shaking beneath it; every nerve in his body felt like it was on fire and Sherlock hadn’t even touched his cock yet. He fisted his hands in the sheets to keep from crying out.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to him and this time his smile reached his eyes. “Good old Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock can feel his cheeks turning steadily pinker as the full weight of this sentiment takes hold of him.
He’d seen the bitterness drain out of Sherlock like a wound that had to be leached—he was out of the danger zone now.
“He also told me that she had become larger than life to him—more of a vision than a real person by then. It happens a lot with lads at sea. You can imagine why. Living through the horrors they do, how could they not idealize the girls they left back home? John told me then he’d never really known her at all—other than a few shy kisses exchanged at country dances, a few brief conversations about what the future might hold. So maybe it was for the best, he said. Nobody could have lived up to the ideal she was in his head. His life with her never would have been all he had dreamed it to be.
That was the last thing he remembered before he woke up. That look, that look in Sherlock’s eyes made John sick with shame.	He pressed his hands against his eyes and struggled to breathe deeply. It was only a dream. It was only a dream.
Sherlock buries his nose in the scent, inhaling deeply, wriggling his hips against the mattress as the smell brings him a renewed flood of memories—the taste of John’s skin under his tongue, the smell of that golden hair beneath John’s arm—so strong, so viscerally the smell of
When he finally stretches out in bed, years could have passed—the ship could have capsized, been taken by pirates, been blown to pieces by enemy fire—and Sherlock would have no idea.
John tips his head back, lengthening his neck. Sherlock can see his pulse beating in the base of his throat. He wants to lick that too. He feels another bead of sweat crawl down his neck.
John is already close, which means he doesn’t have much time to work with. He will have to make every second count.
“The truth is, after everything that’s happened with the captain recently, it’s you I’m worried about. We don’t know what it is he wants—all we know is that he’s dangerous and unpredictable and now he’s got his eye on you. That means if we give him any excuse… any excuse at all, he could use it to hurt you, to try and control you. And I can’t—Sherlock, I
Somebody wolf-whistled. The crowd of people began pushing in around them. John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s startled face. Somebody grabbed John by his elbow and began pushing him closer. He saw Sherlock’s blue eyes narrow.
He pressed a kiss to the top of John’s thigh and guided first one foot, then the other into the material before pulling them up John’s thighs. John lifted his hips and Sherlock tugged them gently into place, ducking his head to kiss the waistband where it was stretched over John’s hips.
Perhaps they will live on an island that is theirs alone, and John will teach him how to open coconuts and drink their milk, how to clean the fish they catch and cook them over an open fire. At night, Sherlock will play his violin for John and watch his face, lit by the warmth of the dying flames, grow more and more tender.
Sherlock sees her purse her lips again and feels a flash of sympathy for her. Judging by her looks, she is probably just a few years older than him, somewhere in her early twenties. For women—especially those in poorer families—this is the age where parents begin to worry that the bloom has rubbed off.
He licked the full circle of his swollen lips once before lowering his mouth to the head of John’s cock and enveloping the first few inches in slick, wet heat.
The deliciously all-encompassing pressure on John’s cock was enough to make him want to close his eyes to focus on the feeling but he kept his eyes open to take in the expression on Sherlock’s face—his mouth falling open as John sank into him.
“I don’t know the details,” Miss Goodfellow says, preening a bit now that she has everyone’s attention, clearly enjoying the fact that all the eyes at the table are trained on her. “But there was
But before he can finish his question, John has taken Sherlock’s hand in his, and is pulling him to his feet.
“Woohoo!” Billy’s excitement at this revelation makes him leap—just once, into the air with delight—like a young billy goat, Sherlock thinks, and then is immediately horrified by the thought. The boy has made him absolutely sentimental.
Thank you for continuing to be the best readers any writer could ever hope to have. And as always, please let me know what you thought of this chapter, if you can. :)
They have just begun to get the hang of it, when the song comes to a close. But before Sherlock even has time to feel disappointed, the trio of musicians has started up another tune.
one of them. Not because of how he acts, but simply by virtue of the fact that he was born into their world—a distinction which makes all the difference to someone like John, who will
Sherlock sits for a long time in the darkness, the fingers of one hand pressed against his mouth, his other hand pressed to the center of his chest, trying to adjust to the magnitude of what he’s just realized, trying to calm the hammering rhythm of his beating heart against his fingers.
John looked up in alarm. “Careful!” He put out a hand intended to stop Sherlock in his tracks. “The floor is crawling with them!”
Miss Hooper shakes her head. “No, it wasn’t Jameson. I’ve never seen him before but some of the officers seemed to recognize him.”
Sherlock’s whole body felt different—it was remarkable how much he could change just in the span of a few minutes. Whereas a moment ago he had been rigid, trembling, his whole body convulsing with need, now he was sinuous, soft, his body like butter, his skin like fresh cream; he seemed to coil around John as John lay next to him.
John was silent at that. There was too much behind that statement that he needed to think about. Sherlock was aware that he had nightmares and had paid enough attention to note John’s reaction to different ones. Bloody hell.
Sherlock knows, looking into John’s eyes then, that perhaps in spite of all his better judgment, John does trust him.
It’s a different matter entirely when he returns below deck to find a fuming George Ferguson pacing the corridor outside Sherlock’s room.
“Do you know…?” John goes on, his voice hitching slightly, as though he is too overwhelmed to draw breath. “Do you know how beautiful you are? You must know. You must.”
The thought of solitude is a blissful one. Sherlock might not even mind being on a ship, if it were just him and John—free to go wherever they pleased, to do as they liked with no one to bother them, no one to tell them what to do. There would be no more need to hide, to keep quiet, always clinging to the shadows.
He tries to pass the flask back to John without meeting his eyes, but when John’s fingers brush his own, setting off a cascade of tiny sparks in the base of Sherlock’s belly, he cannot stop himself from glancing up, and then he
John kisses him on the forehead, the placement of his mouth so soft, so sweet that Sherlock wants to cry out from the touch of it almost as badly as he cried out when he came.
John reached up and began stroking the hair back from Sherlock’s forehead. He felt Sherlock melt a little against him.
He pulled the lid off the box and took out a dozen or so candles and a box of matches. “Here.” He thrust the candles into Sherlock’s hands. “You light these, I’m going to order our food.”
More coming very soon! Things are going to get exciting in the next chapter, oh yes, just you wait...  :))
He looks back across the room to see that she hasn’t moved. If anything, she’s retreated further into the dark corner at the back of the bar. This might be because a woman in red petticoats—wearing nothing to speak of on the top half of her body—has just walked by in the arms of a dark-skinned sailor. He’s wrapped around her like an octopus, kissing her neck. Sherlock is surprised that they manage to make it to the bar without tripping over each other.
“Come now—it’s just the stuff of life! Think about how desperate those men must be after so many months at sea all cooped up together like a barrel of rats.”
“What is it?” Sherlock snapped. “Something has clearly incapacitated your already questionable ability to formulate a sentence. Out with it.”
He pulled his fingers out of Sherlock’s grasp, his hand reaching out to push Sherlock away, but faltering as soon as his fingers closed around Sherlock’s bicep because Sherlock had tossed the gun aside and his free hand was now sliding down between them, his long, dexterous fingers spreading out over the bulge in John’s trousers and Sherlock was
At the desperate note in Sherlock’s voice, John finally looked up. The color in his eyes had changed yet again, the green deepening to a jade sea. John felt his own fingers tightening on Sherlock’s arm at the pain he saw there.
“But John,” he begins, laughter already spilling in around his words. There is a curious feeling unspooling in Sherlock’s chest that makes it difficult to get the rest of the words out. “Don’t you see? That’s exactly the idea!”
John’s eyes, as they slide up towards Sherlock’s from his hands, are so filled with tender passion that Sherlock is certain that if he keeps looking into them he will catch fire.
“It was—well, I don’t know! He was drugged! It was…surprisingly forceful for someone who’d been sedated. He grabbed hold of me and wouldn’t let go.”
“Very nice to meet you Marcus,” Lestrade says without really looking at Molly. Instead, he looks at Sherlock in renewed exasperation. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, it’s very nice to meet your friend, but I’ve had a very long morning and what I need more than anything right now is a drink, so if you’ll excuse me…”
Sherlock repositioned himself to pull one of John’s arms over his shoulder, sliding his own arm firmly around John’s waist.
“I didn’t even know I needed that—but I did.” He strokes his hand down the back of Sherlock’s neck, blue eyes going dark. “You knew better than I did what I needed. I should have known… it was worth it, in spite of the risk. Thank you for that. Next time, I’ll trust you.”
