Just like the last, this chapter is graphic and does contain non-consensual, sexual elements.
“Well, no-”
Steve shot up, eyes flying open and sand spraying around him as he panicked and flung his hands and legs around.
“Well then cut it off.”
He waited, banging the rocks together until he heard the soft patter of someone approaching. The person was obviously running, and Tony prayed it was Steve.
The minions, suddenly unconcerned about what they were supposed to be doing and more about what was going on with the boat, looked at Steve momentarily, nodded to each other, and then ran out of the room, slamming shut the door behind them. Fortunately, Steve didn’t hear the snap of it being locked.
There was a pause from the doctor before she spoke, “is that all Captain?”
“Steve?”
Afterwards there was nothing but darkness.
The genius’s pupils moved up and down in beat with the caroming shaft. “Look Hammer. I know you are fucking with me. What is it that you really want? We can avoid all of this drama and the show you are trying to put on by just getting straight to the point.” Hammer was silent and did nothing but move closer and closer to Tony’s exposed rear. “So, what is it? Money? Designs? Plastic Surgery? A bigger cock?” He couldn’t help the jab.
Tony grabbed a dollop of oil and began scrubbing himself with it. Under his arms, across his feet, around his groin, and up his crack, before settling back into the warm water to rinse away the wash.
Once the figure was secure and standing upright, one of the guards took his gun from off of his back and used the butt to slam into what Tony assumed was the person’s face. A surprised shriek sounded from the bag and it slumped slightly, although, with the restraints in place, it didn’t slump very much.
Both men were sitting on the bed now, Steve at the foot with his legs folded over one another, and Tony sitting at the head with his tablet on his blanketed lap. Tony had spent a few minutes explaining the situation and working in conjunction with Steve to determine what had happened to JARVIS.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, knowing that his next step, besides getting out of the chamber, was to get the genius. The pain of shouting was almost too much for Steve and he coughed violently, blood spittle staining the metal surface nearest him.
Tony popped out of his iron man suit, white boxers swaying, and began crying blue blocks as he grabbed Steve’s plastic head off the floor.
Tony moved his head to the side in disgust and rolled his eyes. Justin leaned towards his ear, lips grazing his sensitive lobe as the villain spoke, “You are going to love what I have in store for you buddy…” he took a nip at Tony’s auricle, catching the genius off guard.
The untrained eye wouldn’t have noticed, but Steve, master tactician that he was, noticed that Tony was pointing to the only corner of the room that wasn’t adjacent to the ocean-view glass panels.
The recording blared over the speakers, causing Steve and Tony to grab their ears and groan. The speech continued for several minutes, letting passengers know where to go, what to do, what to bring for this port day, the weather, and the atmosphere of the location.
Tony shivered half because he was cold and half because he had no idea what Steve meant. His cock was fully extended and flush with blood. He covered himself protectively with his hands as Steve began to saunter backwards, stripping his clothes with each step. Wasn’t too long before both of them were naked, standing at the top of Meadows Point, orange hues casting over their bare forms as the sun began to set.
Steve blushed, “I guess your car does have some use besides guzzling up your money.”
In which Tony is sick and Steve takes care of business.
Tony angrily bit Hammer’s bottom lip as his wits came about him. No gun to his or Steve’s head this time… so no rules against biting. The attack earned him a slap to the face.
Various sentences left his mouth, all offering different things to his captors in exchange for Steve’s safety. Twenty minutes passed, and Steve’s screams grew louder and louder, pain seeping behind every cry. Tony’s throat grew even more hoarse as his begging and his pleading turned desperate.
What had happened to the other Avengers? Were they here too? Or was it just Tony? If they were here, he needed to find a way out
Pig-face scoffed and dropped Tony for the final time, the leg slipping through his fingers as he cackled.
all this stuff is -well, most of it anyway. Why the hell is it in here?”
He approached what he supposed was the main room and the door slid open upon his arrival. The mechanic peeked his head around the corner and looked into the room before striding in.
Tony was sputtering, bloody spittle dribbling down the sides of his mouth. His eyes were closed, and his head lolled backwards as his chest heaved rapidly. Steve could see that the genius had fallen limp against the chains holding him up and the only sign of life was Tony’s quick breaths and gritted teeth.
Steve woke with a start and groaned as a sear of pain flashed along his temples and around to the back of his skull. He could feel liquid crusted on his forehead as he furrowed his brow, squinting so he could make out some of his environment through the white blaring into his eyes.
“JUST GET ME A DAMN DOCTOR!” The people near him shied away at the uncharacteristic anger.
The table was a high-top, base composed of a whiskey barrel and surface of glass. It was silent between the two men as they watched the husbands and wives dance and kiss one another.
“Must…get….out.” Tony ground out, throwing another rock over his shoulder. His eyes were half lidded, and Steve could tell it pained him with every movement. His arm was bright red, swollen, and covered in a thick layer of scarlet from the three wounds that the bone had punctured.
Tony, despite the delirium and pain, smiled softly at the statement. Remembering his earlier promise to an unconscious Steve Rogers as concrete littered their surroundings.
A warm hand slid into Steve’s as he walked through the casino. Subconsciously, Steve gently squeezed the hand and put his other in his pants pocket.
It could’ve been Tony’s delirium, but he could’ve sworn that he fit perfectly in Steve’s large, warm arms. Steve’s skin pressed against Tony’s bare hand. It was smooth. Cold now, but normally warm. He could feel the supersoldier’s warm breath hit the back of his neck and he shivered. Steve chuckled a little.
please
Tony hurt all over. Maybe he had splinters all over his body? Was that what Steve was getting at?
“Sentry mode.” The suit peeled back off of him and Tony stepped out, decreasing his height several inches as he did so. The suit pieced itself back together behind him and raised it’s blasters defensively.
He hissed with each step but was resigned to the fact that he had to make it to Tony.
“I CAN DO IT MYSELF,
One foot away and Steve pulled his fist back and threw it forward, flinging water everywhere, and striking the panes of plexiglass. It barely cracked. He threw his fist back again and struck, cracking it a little further.
Steve’s bright blue eyes showed genuine concern as his other hand caressed Tony’s forehead gingerly. Sweat matted the feverish man’s hair down onto his brow and his eyes glazed over in relaxation.
“Tony… tony stay with me.” He shone the gauntlet onto Tony’s now slack, unconscious face. Beads of sweat were formed on the mechanic’s upper lip and forehead. They dripped down and mixed with the blood caked along his brow.
Thank you for all of the comments and kudos! I really appreciate them :)
“Nope.” Steve strode from the bathroom, wringing his hands to warm them from the ice-cold water that had streamed over them moments before. “Look, we can cook something up here. You can survive one night without JARVIS. You need a
The genius was off like a rocket towards the bar, briskly walking along the barstools that lined it. Still walking, he grabbed a drink the bartender put down for another recipient, downed it, and then bolted out the side door towards the elevators.
“Yeah, why don’t you take a turn on me, you stupid bastard.” The supersoldier broadened his shoulders and raised his chin proudly.
He could hear Tony’s yelling as clear as he heard his own, which is why Steve had become solemn as the men continued to gouge him. In no way was he going to let Tony know he was getting cut up.
He opened his eyes when Hammer slapped his palm onto Tony’s ass, hands subsequently rubbing along his cleft, lubing it up. Justin grabbed his hips and hoisted them up so that Tony’s pelvis was flush with the villain’s hips. He looked at Tony hungrily.
He felt cold and hot at the same time and the wind only exacerbated the feeling. Knowing he was feverish as his vision was blurred around the peripherals, Tony shivered and moved his good arm across his belly in a weak attempt to cover himself.
“No you aren’t…” Steve yanked on Tony’s tie, earning a yelp from the smaller man as he drug himself up. Steve’s fingers went to work loosening the tie and subsequently went on undoing the notches on Tony’s belt. Soon, Tony found himself void of any clothes save for his loosened tie. “You’re gonna love this bike before the night’s over, Shellhead.”
It was empty.
“That’s right Tony…. Beg. Beg for me.” Hammer whispered, shoving his fingers through Tony’s hole harder and harder, striking the single organ over and over again until, unwanting, Tony found the lights around him swirling and blurring as fire raged in his lower gut and jets of white streamed from the tip of his cock.
“Yes daddy, I’ve been bad.” Tony sarcastically bit back, using his wit to hide his true feelings. He watched as Steve’s ear helices turned bright red.
“I take it the very…
He looked down at the throbbing mass and inwardly cursed, the image bringing tears to his eyes. His arm was a mangled and broken mess still, made worse by the water and its symbiotic bacteria that now infiltrated Tony’s open wounds. The wounds oozed and were surrounded by bright red swells of inflammation and blood. Tony set his arm gently in his lap and looked outward.
Tony’s brows knit in confusion but ultimately attributed the act to Justin’s fucking with him.
Afterward, Steve stood breathing heavily. Normally he wouldn’t break a sweat with this kind of activity, but without food and much water over the past two weeks, he was drained.
Tony’s hands shook as he tried to click to the next stream of information regarding the case, until, snapping him from his reverie, JARVIS sounded out above him.
questions, just shut up Steve. Shut up until we get out of here…” His voice was so low that Steve could barely make out what he was saying, especially without seeing the genius’ lips form the words.
“Tony!” Steve started towards him, when suddenly thunder sounded, and rocks started falling from the ceiling.
Steve said nothing, walked downstairs, plopped on the couch, and barely slept a wink.
Natasha looked at Clint over the morning news. Clint was eating a bowl of Captain Crunch and slurping his milk noisily.
“JARVIS, you can continue ignoring Tony, but I’m the nice one, why ignore me?” Steve was growing concerned at the lack of communication from the AI, so he figured it was time to wake Tony. He trod up the stairs lightly and was surprised to find Tony already awake, propped up in bed shirtless and with a semi-transparent tablet in his hands. The arc reactor glowed brightly through the tablet screen. Tony’s eyebrows were knit furiously and his lips were pursued.
Steve’s heart had burst when Tony confessed what he did. He felt the same way towards the smaller, darker haired man.
atmosphere.
Tony clenched his teeth and his fists. What the fuck was Steve doing? Why wasn’t he fighting? Did he slip into unconsciousness after his shit-eating smirk?
“I already buried them.”
Steve was still staring at the back of Tony’s head, taking a second to admire the man’s dark brown coif. “It’s been weeks since I have seen you. You canceled our hang out last week with like, five minutes notice, and none of the others have seen you either… I think what I want, is to know what the hell is up with you man?” Steve reached out to put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but the other man shrugged him off in response.
“Shouldn’t it be dark by now? I’ve been out for a few hours at least,” Tony questioned.
“Anything… please… anything…”
At least that is what he told himself. He had dreamed of this moment. Not the whole injury part or the little hope of rescue before he froze to death part… but holding Tony. Being able to breathe him in. Despite the grime and sweat and the whole damn shitty situation, Tony smelled like sandalwood and vanilla. His sweaty curls brushed against Steve’s nose and he smiled softly, burying his nose into the dark strands in welcome.
Next thing he knew, something rough was being held up to his lips.
He ran a finger down the shaft, slowly, tauntingly.
This Michael fella was smart. Was bigger than Steve in height and bulk muscle and although the man had tried to smooth things over with the two honeymooners, his words oozed contempt. Michael had continually looked at Tony, up and down, and often settled on the dark blue irises as Tony refused to back down his anger. Tony didn’t intimidate easily. Especially when he was drunk off his ass.
Steve was in the middle of retreating inside his mind and thinking of how their evening could’ve gone with them dancing the night away. How it could have gone if Steve had just given into his feelings and let his face drop down to Tony and gently-
Justin groaned as his breathing quickened and he fired away, pushing into Tony with increasing speed. Tony could feel every curve of his dick as it slid into him with slick, lubed up, heat. Tony’s toes curled desperately and his every muscle spasmed, yanking against the chains and attempting to pull away from Justin’s support on his back. He arched and jerked, tears and sweat flinging off of him like crystals in the white light glaring down on him.
“IT’S A TRAP!”
Tony turned his head away from Steve in a sort of tantrum and grunted. Steve rolled his eyes, determining that if Tony was strong enough to be his normal, pain-in-the-ass, stubborn, childish self…. He was okay to be solitary for thirty minutes.
Trying to act casually, he sauntered over to where Steve was on all fours, digging with his hands in the sand. Were it not for his sheer size, the soldier would have looked like a little child attempting to build a moat.
One eye open, he spotted the super soldier making his way up the beach, strolling up among the driftwood and haze. Steve broke out into a full sprint once he heard Tony’s shouts for him.
Tony raised up, eyes watering from the lack of oxygen. He strolled over to the shelving and picked up a floppy purple piece of plastic.
Hoarse cries filled the bottom deck of the cruise ship. They would pause and then ring out again. The voice would never beg, only belt out uncontrollably as if someone was peeling the flesh off their bones.
A nurse let go of Tony’s leg and it immediately began kicking but she continued running towards the far side of the room.
“Please Justin… please I can’t do it anymore…”
even.”
“Yes.”
The doctors had successfully removed the bullet from his abdomen, but he was far from recovery. The staff had to inundate Tony’s rectal lining with cream and antibiotics twice daily to heal the lacerations that lined his soft tissue from Hammer’s vicious poundings. He would always cry and beg when they would touch him down there. Steve would clench his hand tighter in an attempted means to console him, but it never worked.
Tony was normally feisty, but with the addition of the few drinks he had in the stateroom, he was a paragon of difficulty. Still, he wasn’t rude to Steve, just fussy about JARVIS’s attitude.
“Well. Let’s go to the pools.”
“Leave him alone, Hammer. You know it’s me you want.”
Tony grinned, “C’mon Cap. It’ll be fine.
The mechanic’s head shot up, speckles of sand falling from his bangs. “What the fuck was that for?” He stood.
“Stop it! What Justin told you was wrong! It’s me you want!” Tony yanked himself into a standing position on his tiptoes, delirium causing him to ignore the pain shooting through his calves.
“JARVIS can handle it, Tony. We will go get some food and run some surveillance while he figures this all out.” At his counterpart’s sour expression, Steve placed a hand on the shorter man’s shoulder and patted it. “It will be alright.”
Tony winced and began mentally preparing himself for the pain that was to come.
Tony felt at a loss. For one of the first times in his life, he didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to get them out of this mess. Typically, he could fashion something out of nothing, but this time he didn’t even have a ‘something’ to work with. Now, Steve was injured and bleeding out and he couldn’t walk over to tourniquet the wound or even comfort the man.
“Yes,” he paused, contemplating, “we don’t have antibiotics, Tony. You are going to have to fight.”
”), escargot, and a steak salad. While Cap could certainly eat whatever he wanted, Tony had to work to maintain his slim figure. Honoring Steve’s wishes, Tony was trying to maintain some level of sobriety, so he slowly sipped the glass of pinot noir he ordered.
“He has a lot of personality but not
“This is lubricant,
Justin turned away and removed his prying digits from Tony’s body and the genius felt his muscles relax out of relief. However short-lived the relief was.
Finally, Tony responded to the compliment, finishing his tie, smoothing his hair back, and coiffing his beard. “You as well…” He turned and lost his words as Steve completed his tread up the master bedroom stairs. Steve wore the light gray suit that Tony had bought him at the boutique. It fitted him snugly everywhere it counted, and Tony couldn’t help but swallow and lightly smile in awe of the bigger man’s muscles, the tight lines around his waist, and what he could make of a perfectly rounded and chiseled bottom.
, let’s get to our room.” Tony frowned and let out a very low-pitch, pining whine as Steve drug him to the Honeymooners suite in room #1013.
“Merry Christmas, Cap.”
Steve clenched his fists.
“Woah! That was a lot of dirty language coming from my dear pal Captain America.”
“Well, it’s all we have, Tony. It’s the only thing we can do.”
Steve’s free hand moved towards Tony’s and he threaded his large, calloused fingers between the small, tinkerer’s fingers. It wasn’t often that Captain America’s mind lost itself to its negative recesses, but he couldn’t help it now. The super soldier looked down briefly and took a deep breath, trying to compose himself.
The sun was setting behind him, so all that Tony could really see was his large outline sitting on the bike. Had he not been so pissed or shocked, it would’ve been a beautiful scene.
The attendant seemed to notice Tony’s gaze and tugged his white dress sleeve down over his wrist, fiddling with his cufflinks as he walked off.
“You’re awake!”
“It hasn’t quite been ten years. Only nine.”
“When asswipe grabbed Patricia like that. Reminded me of Dad. I hate that shit. I don’t get it. If you love someone- or
Steve braced himself for an expected impact from the demon, arms folding in front of himself protectively, but nothing ever came. He opened his eyes one at a time and aimed his light back into the corner.
Tony cried out as the sensitive organ was stroked roughly, cock hardening to its full potential. He cried out one more time in hopes that Justin still had some sort of heart, “PLEASE JUSTIN… PLEASE STOP!”
Tony had raised his head and looked at Justin, rolling his eyes. “Can I at least have a coffee first? Maybe dinner if a coffee date is too cordial for you?” His eyes narrowed, glanced at Steve, and then shot venom towards the villain.
“Thank you, hubby…” Steve smiled at Tony’s appreciation and hidden apology, patting the other man’s brown hair before turning to leave.
“Enjoying every second Bub.” Tony spat out and then jerked his rear into Hammer’s groin, causing the other man to jerk downwards and grab onto himself in pain.
Tony shook his head to clear the thoughts from his mind.
Occasionally Tony would find release in his sleep, but never for very long. He would start shaking, throwing his head around and begging with whimpers and loud ‘no’s that would echo through the concrete cell.
Steve whispered again, “C’mon Tony….”
“Swallow.” Hammer butted Tony in the head with the gun, earning a strangled cry of shock at the sudden strike.
“I don’t have fresh water yet, Tony. Try to make it through the coughs.”
“No.” Tony croaked, stumbling over to his desk chair and falling limply into it, face coming to rest in the palm of his hand as he tried to erase the images that played in his overzealous, tortured mind.
“Friday, to ease Captain Roger’s nerves, please scan the bunker and send him the results.” Tony felt a pang of guilt for not listening to Steve, but it ceased as soon as he walked far enough into the fortification to not be able to see the doorway behind him.
The boat shifted, presumably hit by a large wave, and sent both men tumbling off from the safety of the ledge and into the cool water. Steve lost his grip on Tony with a yelp and grasped around in the dark water blindly to try to find the man. His fingers touched fabric and he gripped hard, yanking and pulling Tony towards him while he kicked towards the surface.
He carried Tony over to the bike and before setting him down, quickly breathed out “look”.
Steve moved one of his hands and brushed along the genius’s forehead, trying to comfort him. “I will… hold as still as you can for me, alright?” Steve spoke softly, and, as if on instinct, leaned down and pressed his pink lips to Tony’s temple. The mechanic’s eyes widened, softened, and he then nodded stiffly and turned his head away from the waiting injury, clenching his eyes shut and biting his lower lip in anticipation for what was to come.
He smacked his lips together, feeling the dry skin scrape along each other. His tongue felt like sandpaper as he moved it around his mouth, gracing the insides of his cheeks. His eyes felt glued shut and he struggled to open them, one-by-one. Slowly, each brown iris revealed itself and his blurred vision began to focus.
“Get off,” it was said quietly. Without authority. Without any pressure to do as he said.
Steve needed to get them out of here.
Next, he grabbed another shirt off of a body and tore it so that it was square-shaped. He tied the corners and made a sort of knapsack that he could carry things in. He also inspected the shoes of several of the bodies and was able to find two, un-matching pairs of leather loafers in his size. He slid them on, checked on Tony one more time, and set off towards the middle of the forest.
He went into a sort of stupor. Listening to the waves crashing on the shore and the bugs buzzing around. His lids felt heavy and began to lower and he slid into slumber soon after. Light danced behind his eyes as sun shot through gaps in the frond ceiling and he parted his lips slightly to allow for shallow breaths to escape his mouth in puffs.
?” Justin stroked himself, trying to wear off the pain that threaded its way through his shaft. He tried once more, again his member bending awkwardly as it bypassed Steve’s hole completely.
Steve’s head began to sag, and his eyes dropped down from where they were meeting Tony’s, seemingly proud to be taking the brunt of the torture this time.
This had been his dream, his desire. And up until this point he never thought he would live through it. Now he just prayed that they made it through enough that he could tell Tony. Tell Tony about
“Tony, I order you to stay back, you need to-“ Tony cut his comm off and rolled his eyes. Steve was always trying to get him to stay back when there was no need. The rest of the gang had the cronies outside and he could take on the inside villains with ease. The witnesses that had laid eyes on the base before had stated that there were only soldiers, light armor, and few weapons. So far, the battle had been easy and Tony had no doubts that the rest was just clean up.
The assistant’s smile deepened, and his eyebrows twisted down as he stared at Tony and walked out.
“Uh. Thanks.” Arms crossed, Steve pinched his brow with his thumb and pointer finger.
Tony wished he knew what the fuck his captors wanted. They hadn’t asked for anything. Hadn’t made any demands or told him anything. There were three of them. Two were obviously low-level minions and the other was some dude with half his body made out of metal. Tony had originally deduced that it was aluminum based on the feel of the metal when it struck his bare abdomen.
“Fire-cold-sick”
There was silence between them for a moment before Tony opened his mouth to speak again, “Those bodies are going to start smelling and attracting disease...”
Iron Man had come over the Avengers’ comms almost immediately as the threat was detected, but the hissing vapor had already reached those on the ground. JARVIS’s alarms had blared inside Tony’s helmet as he dove downwards through the air to try to scoop up as many of his comrades as possible. As he scooped up Cap in his metallic arms, Tony felt his throat begin to itch and swell shut. His eyes started to water and a black vignette began to creep its way into his peripherals.
his lovers did.
“Yup.”
“We are staying together.”
He walked over to the table in the far corner and nodded towards his associates in some sort of confirmation. One of them went to some sort of locking mechanism on the wall and keyed in a code, a screen sliding up in its place. He pressed a button and the chains binding Tony’s arms and legs pulled even tighter, stretching Tony up so that he was hovering painfully off the ground, splayed out so that every part of him was fully exposed. He was having to support his neck solely from his back muscles and Steve could see his veins popping from gravity’s strain.
“Every time is the perfect time for a pasty man like me to sunbathe… also the staff is pretty under-clothed and we can see which ones have tattoos.”
“Just leave him alone Hammer. Haven’t you already cause him enough pain?” Steve tried to draw the attention towards himself. Tony’s blue eyes flickered his way in irritation for the self-sacrificial move.
“Our hospital is destroyed. There is a side room for his testing but the surgery will have to occur here in the main hall. I am not sure that you want to witness-“
Hammer smiled, “Should I fuck him while he is unconscious Tones? Have him wake up to me pounding him… I’m sure he’ll come by my cock more than he ever did with you… maybe he’ll even get a little Stockholm syndrome and beg me to fuck him.”
The island was bigger than Steve had guessed, so it took him a while to make it on foot. The lack of shoes made it more difficult, as he often stepped on seashells or rocks, cutting his feet open; the sand stuck to the blood and grated against his bare flesh.
. Nor was he overwhelmed. He didn’t really feel many emotions in response to the cruise, but felt a whole array of emotions due to his cruise partner. Steve was looking around like a child at DisneyWorld and Tony couldn’t help but smile at Steve. He would get excited about minuscule things: The way the boat rocked once they got on board. The stylistic designs. The water between the ship and the dock. However, when Cap noticed Tony looking at him, he would become bashful and dampen his enthusiasm until Tony looked away.
Familiar brown eyes looked deep into his, but they were bloodshot and full of fear. Tony Stark stared back into Steve Roger’s eyes and if it were not for another slight breath of air, Steve felt he could have stared forever.
The supersoldier set his face, determined. He turned back to the pile of rocks blocking the doorway and began to move them one by one. Occasionally he would feel light headed, as his head gash was still bleeding, but he would persevere and continue on. His ankle burned, but he ignored it.
The fingers intertwined with Steve’s tightened and Tony’s eyes flickered open slowly, long lashes brushing briefly against the freckles that lined his cheeks. Steve was so close he could see every line and pore marking Tony’s face.
The monitors beeped slowly as Tony slept. His dark hair was laying in wisps across his forehead and his eyelashes fluttered as his eyes dove back and forth in their sockets. Steve hoped he was having good dreams, but doubted the likelihood of it. Steve had interlaced his fingers through Tony’s and felt them twitch now.
die besides fire. Hence the safe guards he had place in the Iron Man suit: multiple extinguishers and a miniaturized oxygen device.
Still under light sedation, Tony had fluttered his eyelids and moaned Steve’s name, occasionally whispering “Justin no…” as he rested fitfully during the brief translocation from the warehouse.
“Oh good, she’s gone.”
Steve’s index finger slid along Tony’s chest, lining the moles and freckles. Tony shivered with the light touch and looked down at Steve’s large hand caressing him. He looked up into Steve’s eyes.
Steve stared at the man sitting on the floor in front of him. Tony looked small. He had pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them.
Tony called to his friends on his walkie-talkie and each of them landed beside him dramatically. Captain America, Thor, Black Widow, Hawkeye, and Hulk. Hulk landed ungracefully and ended up smashing into the glass floor below them, shattering into a splendid number of gold and silver coins, which Thor ran over to and picked up for his coin bank. He shrugged sheepishly but felt no remorse.
The doctor changed instruments multiple times. Each time Steve saw her surgical mask bob down closer to Tony’s gut, he would scream again. Medical jargon would fly from her mouth to the nurses, little of which Steve could make heads or tails. However, he understood pieces of the doctor’s latest comments.
, did you really just say that?” Tony was concerned, but that didn’t really stop him from making fun of Cap’s old-timey colloquialisms. Steve ignored him yet again.
The awakened public had gathered around Tony after his surgery had been completed, much to the doctor’s chagrin as she and the medical staff tried to move the cluster away from the recovering super hero. Steve had tried as well, but ultimately, they had been forced to move Tony to a now empty hospital room nearby.
Please comment or kudos if you liked it! Really helps with the whole motivation thing for the next chapter.
Tony sipped the water gingerly, still sobbing.
When Hammer was finally caught and imprisoned, Tony slept soundly in the arms of Steve Rogers and didn’t wake to nightmares.
Ultimately Tony’s gaze unwillingly settled on Steve’s groin and the soldier grinned at him. The grin lacked its usual bashfulness and was instead confident as Steve strolled over to Tony, fingering some fuzz off his shoulder.
“Really buddy? You aren’t offended that I grab your dick, but you are about me slapping your ass?” Justin laughed out loud, cruel eyes twinkling in a way that made Tony even more uncomfortable than the ass-slap.
Inside the building, Tony Stark mulled around in his heart dotted white boxers, his normal attire for when his iron man suit was out of commission. Tony was sad because there was so much evil in the world… that and his juice box was empty. He chucked the box over his shoulder and it shattered into gold and silver coins on the opposing wall. Tony had many friends and thought to call upon them on this day for them to go out into the Disney world and fight a block figurine that was
Hammer moved away and laid his back against the wall right beside Steve.
The Honeymooners suite was larger than he expected, with a lower and upper level. The whole room looked Victorian era, but still had an air of modernity about it with flat screen TVs, digital temperature controls, and in-lay speakers dotting the ceiling. The lower level housed a fully stocked, crystal mini-bar, with countless bottles of liquors and liqueurs lining a glass-faced cabinet overhead.
“Ste-e-eve?”
Tony decided now was the perfect time to go on one of his non-stop tangents, anxiety deep in his gut at the admission. “It’s by Styx. It’s called Babe. It is a wonderful song. I really think that you would like it if you could hear over the damn crowd, but if you don’t that’s totally cool too. Styx is a great band. I saw them in ’86 and it was awesome. Great concert. I will update your phone with some of their songs and you can tell me what you think, I- “
Steve opened his mouth but was cut off by Tony, who had stepped forward towards the woman.
Okay, so I think this is my quickest turn around for a chapter ever. Enjoy! Don't worry, Billie is back.
Once Steve navigated his way through the underground tunnels beneath the missile silo and found Hammer’s helicopter, he had immediately grabbed the onboard first aid kit and flushed Tony’s wound with the only sterilizing agent that had been in the kit: 90% isopropyl alcohol and the same harsh fluid that Justin’s doctor had scourged Tony’s wounds with. Tony, unconscious and sprawled out on the backseat helicopter seats, had screamed and struggled against Steve, begging him to stop.
Tony’s cock was heaving and rattled as it took on its post-orgasm flaccid form. Not for long though. Tony’s eyes opened slowly to see Steve licking his cum off his lips and he about lost it. The sight was probably the sexiest thing he had seen- at least today. Steve Rogers was his boyfriend after all. He found himself painfully hardening again as his prostate cried out in over-stimulation.
Tony didn’t cry often, but he felt like crying now. Howling even, as pain pounded every fiber of his body. Finally, he managed to sit fully, trying to get his eyes to open, even though they felt glued shut. The agonizing pain in his arm came to fruition as blood rushed from his upper body to the appendage, lighting the nerves even further on fire.
Meanwhile, Steve had been forcefully relocated from Tony’s direct bed side and was instead standing several feet away, witnessing the whole traumatic display. He wrung his hands nervously as the doctor grabbed forceps and, in Steve’s mind, dug in to Tony’s abdomen.
Steve coughed and spoke a little louder, “JARVIS, what time is it, please?” Still no response.
Justin took a knife out of his pocket as he approached the super soldier and Tony felt his throat begin to close as another panic attack threatened to wash over him.
He coughed uncontrollably, ribs aching as he did so. He spat blood onto the floor and swallowed down the metallic taste.
Tony’s skin tasted salty with sweat but, to Steve, it was the best thing he had ever tasted. Tony’s smell infiltrated his nose and Steve found his clothed member stabbing into the man’s thigh, rubbing back and forth to increase the friction under his pants.
much. He doesn’t really get offended that easily. I should go back down and take a look and-“
“Fiasco. Kitten. Fifi?”
A few blankets were shaken out and laid delicately on the chaise couch, pillows fluffed up, and pajamas laid out on the couch arm. His PJs were very Captain America: dark blue flannel pants and a red undershirt from the recent Olympics, emblazoned with USA and 5 intertwined rings in white lettering. Steve slipped carefully out of his cruise clothes and put them on. He was way too tired to wash up.
“Friday…..under……right here….. Hulk….moron. MORON STOP!” A huge
Sure enough, Steve ran through the entrance of the makeshift stick walls, faltering slightly as his leg slid into the soft sand beneath him. His pants were torn off at the bottoms, forming shorts, and his shirt was off.
“No… NO…. NOOOOOOO…” Scar cried and he lived in the unending block ocean forever and ever, tormented by overplayed Disney songs from the past.
He tried to keep his emotions from surfacing and affecting his responses to the genius, but it was difficult. Cap was strong in a lot of ways but keeping his deeper emotions from painting his face was not his strong suit. Tony was extremely expressive on a normal day, but today his face was a blank slate. Tony’s lack of expression was also
“You can stay, y’know… it’s a king bed. There is room enough for both of us… no need for the couch. It can be our little secret.” Tony put a finger up to his lips and winked.
Finally, after several ill-met quips, Tony had requested a serious, yet quiet, favor of Steve. His head hung down and he wouldn’t raise it to meet Steve’s eyes as he asked.
Tony choked on the sip of whiskey in his mouth and laughed, a little of the elixir spilling from between his lips. He wiped it clean with his bare arm as both men calmed their breathing, sighing with each exhale. “I mean, hawk….ostrich…I don’t see the difference.”
Steve set the gauntlet down and gripped the bar tight, planting both of his feet firmly into the ground before using all of his strength to slowly lift the metal that pinned Tony. He lifted and heard Tony gasp out as the pressure released from on top of his throat. Steve’s ankle burned with the stress.
Tony, upset at the interruption, turned his head over his shoulder to see that Steve had made a slight modification to his bike. In the dimness of the setting skies, Tony hadn’t seen it until now.
Hammer snapped his fingers and one of the stooges came forward and placed the cold metal muzzle of a handgun against Steve’s temple while gagging him with a dirty cloth. The super soldier quieted but his face still held an angry ferocity.
in bright blue letters.
Steve checked on the mechanic to ensure he was still cognizant and then left Tony in his current position for a few minutes. He was exasperated and wanted to see if the man could get himself up the stairs without Steve’s intervention.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up, however he found himself unsurprised by Steve’s revelation. He looked out over the stick wall and saw that the sky was a light lavender and pink, orange sun setting in the distance. Their encampment must be out of the outer rim of the west side of the island.
“I am glad- for your sake- that the ship is loaded with alcohol.” Tony smiled briefly before the elevator dinged, doors opened, and, as if on cue, a cocktail waitress greeted them with a tray of martinis in a variety of flavors. Tony grabbed the one that looked most olivey and gave the woman a flirtatious smile before handing her a fifty. She smiled at both of them and sauntered off, Tony cranking his head a full 360 degrees to see the luscious rump that has just passed him by.
if you’d like, we can actually enjoy our vacation.”
“I also found these sticks that should function as a splint, and I made some straps out of clothing.”
As if on cue, Steve yelled out as one of the henchmen shoved an electrogun into his waist, electrical current running through his muscles. Tony opened his eyes again to see Steve slump momentarily against the wall and then weakly hold his head back up.
“Nothing is stopping you.” Steve’s other hand had found his own cock and he now stroked them both. Tony’s voice and his breathing, his legs wrapped around Steve’s torso, was enough to tilt Steve into full blown arousal. He felt himself closing in but squeezed his thighs to hold it back until Tony had finished. Finished three times that is.
Rock and metal fell until the room was pitch black.
That started a whole new fit of tipsy cackling. Eventually the space was filled with silence and the comrades simply breathed in contentment at the ocean air and sun’s warmth casting down on their partially nude bodies.
Steve blinked for a moment.
The pressure washer was wheeled over by a second set of chains that were strung up in the opposite corner of Tony and revved up until it was ready to go, water jetting out of the nozzle.
“Hey, say, can we never do that whole bit in a collapsed bunker again? That wasn’t fun. The whole bone setting thing and freezing to death thing is a bit hazy for me, but I don’t think it was too fun either…” Steve stood up, leaned over the stammering man, and slowly pressed his lips to Tony’s.
After Tony’s silence, Steve walked back upstairs, “So, we have no phones, no functioning tablet, no JARVIS. Do we have any way to contact SHEILD if we need them?”
“I’d offer you a drink but I don’t want to break your sobriety…” Lies. Tony knew it was because Hammer wanted him to feel
The sun was setting rapidly now. Steve could see the eastern border of the sky, stars peeking out into the blackness that was taking over his world.
Tony leaned forward and shoved Steve, “You do shit all the time. Don’t pretend that you are an angel like you do at home.”
Hammer’s cum tasted way too salty as if the man was eating fast food daily. Tony gargled his cum, disgusted, and then swallowed, gagging and almost instantly throwing it up, but he managed to keep the fluid down. He could have sworn that he could feel the sperm wiggle as they made it down his esophagus.
Tony coughed up blood, “Can’t…. you need me.”
Cold metal pressed against his forehead as he heard the click of Justin pulling back a pistol hammer to hold to his earlier threat about biting. Tony gagged, deprived of oxygen as Hammer left his member down his throat for several seconds. Spit drizzled down the corners of his mouth mixed with the blood from what he was sure was intestinal bleeding. His eyes began to burn as uncontrolled tears washed down the fronts of his cheeks. He wanted to bite down, but heard Cap’s muffled cries and held strong, taking the dick like his life depending on it… it did, really. His
“Open wide!” Hammer took his fist and dramatically shoved it into the side of the genius’s ribs, earning a muffled cry and clenched eyes.
“I want a lot of things, so you are going to need to provide a little clarity.”
A large bird flew behind his head, darting upwards at the last second. Steve ducked and let out a loud grunt before casting his eyes upward to follow it. The bird looked like some sort of crane, but Steve wasn’t sure. He barely looked at it before his eyes were drawn to the brown, fibrous balls beside it.
The super soldier slipped into the bed beside him and held him for an hour until he finally cried himself to sleep against Steve’s chest.
“You want to sit in the corner?”
Steve’s face had paled, turning white as he realized what had happened. What he was unable to prevent and unable to protect Tony from.
Tony, surprised, said a silent thank you by setting a hand on Steve's shoulder.
“Nope. No.” Tony, getting harder by the minute, attempted to pull the suit jacket back on, but Steve was quicker, and his hands stealthily threw the fabric over his shoulder. “I’ll have you know that the jacket is dry-clean only and you just tossed it into dirt- it is Armani- and STEVEN!” Tony’s shout turned into a fit of moans as Steve began to suck on his neck, tracing circles on his quickening carotid pulses.
“Bring him back onto the balcony or I swear to God and the Holy Spirits…” Steve didn’t feel that his threat needed finishing.
Tony had his head cranked around over his shoulder, looking at the villain’s every move, half expecting him to throw his head back and laugh at the vulnerable position Tony was in. He didn’t though. He stared at Tony hungrily, snickering at Steve’s muffled attempts to dissuade him from causing Tony the inevitable mental, emotional, and physical pain.
Tony coughed and spit, groaning as he rolled over onto his back. For a moment his mind was silent, just the image of the backs of his eyelids floating around in his brain. He slowly regained his thoughts and realized he was on something hard and wet. Something kept tickling his feet and his skin felt itchy. He slowly wiggled his fingers, willing life back into them, and noted that one hand was asleep. His toes wiggled just fine, although it felt like one was restricted by a sock.
“Tony...” Steve whispered and rushed to the genius’ side. “Tony!”
The elevator dinged, and the doors slid open. Steve reached out a hand, Tony taking it and helping to pull himself up. A cold look had settled onto Tony’s face as he sauntered out of the elevator, still stumbling. In a minute, Steve was there by his side, arm sliding around the man's waist again. This time, Tony’s shirt had slid up a bit and Steve was touching the bare, warm flesh of Tony’s hip.
“Didn’t mean it… just needed to distract you.” Another snap and the ulna was aligned. The radius was going to be difficult, Steve thought. The shards of bone were overlapping, the muscles acting like a rubber band around the break; he would have to pull the arm to set it. Steve raised up and sat on the other end of Tony’s arm, hands clasping his swollen appendage.
Much love to you all <3
“Tony, you need to wait for us before going in. You have no idea what is in there.”
Steve thought, correcting his swaying thoughts.
Justin raised up from where he was leaning and said nothing, eyes twinkling again and suddenly Tony was fearful. He knew it showed in his eyes, but the silence and stare were making his shivers turn away from thermogenesis and towards terror.
That was a week ago today.
Groggy or not, Tony’s eyes shot open as something wormed its way to his entrance and, like a piston, thrust into him causing splitting pain to course through his core. Tony couldn’t breathe. His cavern tightened as he grimaced, unable to speak or think.
Tony just now seemed to take in his surroundings as he murmured a breathy whisper, “Wow.”
“The basis of optimism is sheer terror…”
A hand struck out and slapped Steve across the face. Steve’s head snapped around, but when he turned it back he merely smiled, blood staining his teeth. “I can do this all day, Justin.”
Within five minutes an employee with a white jacket came into the room. Steve recognized him as the man who would investigate Tony for any permanent damage and seal any open wounds deeper than a half an inch. He would often come when Tony was having one of his restless sleeps. The genius wouldn’t even stir when the guy poured straight isopropyl alcohol into his wounds and sutured them.
The lights in the penthouse snapped off and the only light was from the overlooked city several miles away.
As Tony calmed from his orgasm, he sleepily and repeatedly told Steve what an asshole he was. Each time, Steve would simply respond with an ‘okay’ and a small smile. The super soldier had slipped his arms under Tony’s knees and shoulders, much as he did after Tony’s bath, and picked him up, placing him out of the hole before crawling out himself.
“Oh god..” Steve could hear the thrum of Tony’s voice as his prostate was stimulated by the vibrating dildo inside of it. “Please… please Steve. Let me cum.”
I only want you, Tony….I want you to feel used and abused. That’s all I want to pay you back for the humiliation you make me face. Every. God. Damn. Day.”
“Nngh- yes.”
missed Steve too. He missed the jokes and the laughter, the wrestling over Monopoly money, and the little jolt he got when he brushed arms with Steve while watching Avatar. These feelings…Tony disregarded them as his typical desire for human connection after being physically ignored for so long.
him...and you will watch.” The man let go of his throat, throwing him to his side and into a hill of dirt. The pig-faced man took a wrinkled and soggy foot, placing it on Tony’s cheek before letting his weight fall to it. Tony could feel his skull cracking under the pressure and began to scream.
Tears started dripping from his eyes and he scrambled weakly to his feet, cutting up the soles against the sharp rocks beneath him as he did so. He shuffled slowly, watching his step now, and made it to the sand. He strode over to the body lying closest to him, good hand shielding his nose as if the body should smell bad. The body was clad in a black jumpsuit, but despite knowing that wasn’t Steve based on the clothing and body size, he slipped his socked foot underneath the corpse’s shoulder and pushed, shoving the body over.
“No melodrama, Tony. We are both getting out of here. Alive.” The last word was said with hope and determination.
It seemed like it would work pretty well and should at least keep any critters out. Tony thought sadly about the kitten that he had named Fiasco. He wasn’t really sure if Fi Fi was real or if she was a figment of his fever... but he sort of missed the little purr monster. He touched his chest where the black puffball had slept the night before.
One of the Iron Man gauntlets lay in his arms, it’s palm a beacon of hope. A small emergency generator implanted in the palm was functioning with a slight whirring noise. Steve stared at it for the briefest of seconds before he stood bolt upright and shined the gauntlet around, settling on Tony’s now limp form. He traced the bar back to its origin and found that it connected to rubble falling from the wall. Steve inwardly cursed, before trying to formulate a plan.
(See the end of the chapter for
kept popping into his mind. It was irritating.
Thank you all for your kind words and kudos! <3
“Look, we come up with a plan and then we go back to bed. Easy as that. It’s a simple reconnaissance mission and we need a team of two, for a couple of days, to take in as much intel as possible from the small Kang gang that we are targeting.” Cap smiled at himself, proud of his terminology for The Conqueror’s minions. “This is the only lead we have, so it is important that this be taken seriously, even if it is on a cruise ship…”
There was once a great land where everything was comprised of multi-colored building blocks. These blocks had a name, but due to copyright infringement issues, they will remain un-named. The land was plentiful, with multiple universes, however battles raged between block figurines whom were considered heroes and those considered villains. This story, in particular, focuses on the universe that was monopolized by a giant corporation referred to as “Disney”. In this universe there were singing princesses, Jedi knights, Sith lords, super heroes and villains, and of course, plenty of talking animals.
Tony felt the electricity flow between them as they explored each other’s taste for the first time. Their tongues intertwined, deepening the kiss. Steve’s tongue drew squiggles along Tony’s bottom lip and the genius felt a shiver run along his spine.
“Always the drama king.” Steve picked him up again, but this time Tony didn’t argue or fight.
It was normal aside from the bodies and blood and limbs and teeth and organs.
to see that your treatment hasn’t been up to par little Tony.” Hammer strode into the room, wing tips clicking on the floor as a group behind him rolled a metal table into the cell. He wore his typical Armani suit and had his hands stuffed into his pockets casually.
JARVIS eventually got Tony to understand that there was no way that the AI could expedite the process of hacking into the ship’s main computer. By the time Tony let it go, it was already well into the evening, the ship had departed port, and Steve was starving. Room service times had come and gone and now the only thing open was the main dining room, the perfect place for a little reconnaissance.
Steve, for the hundredth time since he had gotten to Tony’s, looked at him in confusion and concern. “Tones… what is going on? Don’t bullshit me either.”
“Next time it will be his fucking skull, Tony. Understand?”
He took one last look at Justin Hammer laying on the ground before leaving the cell that had become his hell for the past two weeks.
He might give this beard thing another go after this mission was completed. His normally scruffy hair was gelled back, and he had his stylist trim the sides of his hair.
My heart is in your hands
There were many arguments between them. They were short. One of them would become an emotional turtle, just hiding in their hypothetical shell, while the other was the aggressor and would give up trying to argue with their reserved opponent. The arguments never addressed their silence or the kiss (seemingly the root cause of the problem); they were arguments about being tired of fish or wanting more fronds on the roof to block out to sun or who was going to refresh their supply of coconuts. Stupid.
Glancing towards his counterpart, Steve noticed that the lift still wasn’t enough to allow Tony to sneak out from under the metal. His steady groan turned into a full out scream as his muscles strained to lift. Eventually Steve raised it high enough that Tony wiggled his face under the bar and slid out. Steve let it down gently, still afraid of collapsing the structure on their heads.
He had thought about sharing the fabric and clothing with Steve, but couldn’t make Steve’s size for multiple articles of clothing in a matter of hours.
“What-the-
“I thought you were watching your alcohol consumption…” Steve stated, not really a question, more of a reminder.
“Alright… alright. Can we sit down, uhm, over by that wall please?”
“I know it only happens once in a blue moon, but when you undermine my plans in front of the rest of the crew, I look like a fat-head.” Steve said flatly, glaring at his two friends. He noticed some hidden emotion in Nat’s face and lingered on her eyes for a second longer than normal, trying to analyze her inner thoughts and failing.
Chest-to-chest, both men stared into each other’s eyes. Steve’s lungs burned when the breath was knocked out of him and Tony’s arm lay awkwardly above his head, throbbing in pain. But if they were honest, neither were paying attention to their injuries.
“Yeah nope, sorry, but I don’t get off to people beating me.”
“Old fashions are my drink of choice.
“Where were you?” Tony questioned, not bitter, but curious. Worried.
PUT. ME.
The 5 remaining heroes waited longingly until Hulk’s green, plastic body appeared in blue light and settled him back into the universe’s existence. Once Hulk was back, Tony clicked some buttons on his walkie talkie. His suit flashed behind him, tapping his shoulder in good gesture and popping onto Tony’s body.
“What’s the table for, Hammer?” Tony questioned, more concerned for Steve than for himself.
Steve, adrenaline and war-savvy, looked around for something to compress the wound, settling his eyes ultimately on a cum soaked cloth that Justin had used after one of his many escapades into Tony’s body. There was also Steve’s old clothes and body bag, but both were covered in weeks’ worth of waste. Thoughts of bacteria and potential infection threaded through Steve’s mind, but he made the decision and determined that stopping the bleeding was more important than finding a clean cloth. It was all he had.
The engine thrummed with life, methodical booming ringing out from the frame of the motorcycle. Tony cried out in immediate pleasure as the vibrations railed his core. As if he wasn’t overstimulated enough, Steve grabbed Tony’s cock and began to stroke it up and down, dry except for Tony’s pre cum which was leaking out of his slit in hoards.
“Yeah. No moving.” Tony agreed and tried to shake his head to show so, but grimaced when he felt the muscles pull in his chest. He glanced down and saw several bloody holes in his bodysuit and furrowed his brow. “Cap, where are we?”
Steve promised mentally, and for only a brief second, to attend church more regularly when and if he made it back to New York. He raised one hand and placed it on the hilt of the knife and, with further praying, yanked it out while hoping it hadn’t hit anything major. He groaned and squeezed his eyes shut as pain spidered its way along his body.
The super soldier jumped, pulling back at the same time and throwing his toes into the trunk of the tree before shimmying his way up. The shimmy went great, until the same bird started pecking at Steve’s head angrily. Apparently this was the bird’s tree and it wasn’t too keen on sharing.
“Justin is a god damn freak.” Tony blurted it out, breaking his silence. “He’s trying to fuck with me but he isn’t going to go through with this. He… he can’t.”
The smaller man rolled his eyes, turned on his heel, and began to walk up the stairs. The walk eventually turned into crawling, slipping, and then cussing out the stairs. Tony laid face down on the stairs “Mmmfh shlep hur.”
His hands went through his dark curly hair before settling in his lap. “Also… I can’t find my phone.”
Their eyes locked as they swayed back and forth to the rhythm that Styx belted out. Tony’s hand was still on the small of Steve’s back and his other hand still gingerly wrapped around the bigger man’s neck. Steve had both of his hands wrapped around Tony’s ribs, tickling him slightly as they moved.
Steve unwrapped his arms from himself and instead wrapped them round Tony, careful to avoid the wounds and his arm.
Steve had not asked him to help re-bury their cruise-mates. He had just sat up and walked out, telling Billie he would return, and set to work. Now, Tony and Billie watched him, muscles rippling as he dug new holes.
Tony blinked his eyes open slowly. They were gooey and crusted over, so it took a little while for the first ray of light to make it through to his retina. He smacked his mouth; his tongue felt like sandpaper.
Tony was coughing up phlegm and proceeded to spit it behind the boulder and out of his mouth. It tasted metallic and Tony immediately began to worry despite his delirium.
Clearing his throat, Tony spoke up to end the miserable silence. “We have the same room, to make it less noticeable that we are not actually honeymooners. It was the most expensive room on the whole ship, which is great! We had to pay extra to encourage a senator and his
“P-p-please Justin…. Please no….” He stammered, tears still pooling out of his eyes, spit washing away from the salt water that poured along his cheekbones. “Whatever you want… whatever…”
“Long… live…. the…. CAPTAIN!!” Unfortunately, Scar injured the Captain enough that all his health was depleted and his coin innards burst from his plastic body.
This time when he turned his head, he actively avoided viewing the injured appendage and instead focused on what was surrounding him. A fire was obviously lit in the center of a small circle of sticks. The sticks were vertical, forming a sort of protective barrier around the encampment. Sparks flew up from the fire and blew in a steady breeze that swirled down into the circle and rushed along Tony’s skin.
“We’ve gotta get this rock off of you buddy. Hold still.”
Hammer came and came hard, filling Tony with white-hot semen that seeped out as the villain still thrust into him. Justin had been saving up his fluid for this very purpose and hadn’t engaged in an orgasm since Tony had taken his dick deep into his throat last week. He moaned, pulling out slowly after a few twitches inside released a little more liquid into Tony’s insides.
Tony’s eyes were blurred from the inflammation and bruising that had settled in, making it hard for him to take in much of his surroundings other than that he was in a cell. His shoulders burned as his arms quaked.
Steve settled Tony down, peeling off his red, white, and blue top, balling it up, and placing it underneath the critically wounded man’s head. His fingers began to move through the air over the broken arm as he thought of what to do.
Steve smiled and gave a mental whoop at his fortune. Now how to get to the coconuts was a different question. There were about four on the underside of the tree, begging Steve to come get them down and drink from them.
“STEVE! STEVE WAIT IT’S ME!” He stumbled and fell face first into the sand, teeth clashing hard against his lips and tongue. He tasted blood. “Steve… please.” He outstretched his hand and found his mind slowly slipping away into darkness as he closed his eyes.
my injury and you have the god damn audacity to throw sand at me?”
The fever made him tired and he lowered his head back against the tree trunk. He at least could stay awake though; obviously the coconut water helped.
Tony watched Steve silently. The larger man was putting pieces of dry driftwood in a pile in front of them. Pretty soon he had an adequate pile.
Steve pursued his lips and avoided looking at or speaking to Tony the remainder of the time. He focused his brain on trying to get them out of their predicament. He strained against the bars holding him. Tried wiggling his fingers to see if they could slip between his flesh and the restraints. Nothing worked, but Steve wasn’t the type to give up easily, so he kept trying until exhaustion overtook him and he found his head sagging in the black plastic folded around his neck.
you with the same shit you have done to me and anything that you have done to him! I have a lot of shit at my disposal, do-not-doubt-my-words!”
“ok-a-ay…” said weakly.
They played, unaware and lackadaisical, as three figures watched them from the shadows cast on the far side of the pool deck. The figures appeared to be studying the men and as a malevolent smiled spread across the center figure’s face, it was apparent that malicious intent was directed towards the two superheroes.
“Fun game… we are on our honeymoon right? So we might as well talk about our past together.” Tony whispered and then winked multiple times. When the larger man smiled and nodded in understanding, Tony spoke up, “Remember that time you got drunk and peed on the couch because you thought it was the toilet?”
Tony’s scream was lost as an explosion rocked the whole shelter.
“Old man hipster,” was his initial thought after he saw himself in the mirror. “Eh… I can pull it off better than any hipster I know.” Fair, since Tony didn’t really associate with many hipsters.
Hammer released Tony’s cock from his mouth and laughed. “Whatever?
Tony chuckled again at his inner monologue. His chuckles soon died down as a sour expression took over his face.
Tony’s basement was quiet after their departure. There was slight movement of some papers on his desk and the desk chair that should have been stationary at this point, continued its slow spiral. The light’s flickered and blinked off once the two were out of sight.
Steve’s brow furrowed, although he didn’t look surprised.
The men dug their knives into Steve’s pale flesh maliciously. He could feel every centimeter that they moved the blades through him and he groaned, teeth biting so far into his bottom lip that he could taste iron as blood spilled into his mouth.
He had barely made it to 9 AM before the day went to complete and utter shit. Of course, this happens when you are a superhero, 90% of your friends are superheroes, and all of you are battling multiple giant robots wreaking havoc on New York City at 5 in the morning. Good times.
Tony and Steve gave the bartender a run for his money as soon as they found out that Tony’s financial account was, indeed, just fine.
“Better than the 0% that I have. Let’s go. We can’t go one way, so we are pretty much locked into the other.” Steve dragged Tony into the hallway and both men stared, frozen.
Eventually, after waking himself up with his own breathing, Tony was able to pop one blurred eye open. All he saw was green. Green very close to his face. He shook as much as his weak body was able to and the green fell away, revealing a high sun overhead and crystal clear water before him.
Tony took Steve’s outstretched hand and nervously glanced at the ground, “alright, but you are going to think I am insane.”
Hammer brought the gun out and shot, the bullet seeking and finding Steve’s thigh. Steve cried out in surprise and squeezed his eyes shut as fresh blood began pouring from the wound.
______
As soon as he grabbed Tony’s wrist, below which was the first break, Tony’s eyes clenched shut and large tears began pouring out of them. Tony moaned from behind closed lips, sheen thick along his brow. His eyes opened slowly and looked straight into Steve’s.
Eventually they made it to the water hole and Steve slid Tony down into it. It had been warm from the sun and the tiny fish in the water had nibbled at his calloused feet; Tony had giggled when Steve left to find the coconut oil they had been harvesting.
“Tone…Tony…?”
The testosterone was now fully thrumming in both of their veins, sunburnt chests puffed out and, regardless if Steve did anything, the tension had built so much that they couldn’t help but glare evilly at one another.
Supporting Tony’s weight with one arm, Hammer unzipped his pants noisily, cock springing out of his pants and tapping Tony’s exposed, dangling sack. Tony groaned out of pain as the head bumped against his tender flesh, already raw from the pressure washer.
Natasha stood on the other side of the bed, looking back and forth between the two men. Her red hair was pulled back on one side in a pretty clip and she wore a shimmery red cocktail dress. She patted Tony’s good hand and leaned over to kiss him on the forehead. She turned her attention to Steve.
Tony awoke to the feeling of pain. Pain in his throat, arms, legs, chest…. Everywhere. His head throbbed, and he felt light headed even though he could tell he was lying down. His eyes felt like they were glued shut, but slowly he opened them with what felt like was lash by lash. His forehead burned with fever and despite the fact that he was freezing, he could feel the stickiness on his skin from sweat.
Steve shined the light to Tony’s other arm and only saw a large rock setting in the way. “God…” Steve grimaced thinking of the mangled mess that must be the mechanic’s left arm. Tony had always had some problems with that arm, but now he
“I… the one that you said reminded you of me?” The lyrics played into Steve’s head and he felt his heart rise and eyes light up as he looked down into Tony’s soft blue ones.
He had wrapped the smaller man in the warmth of his arms. He would pull his chest back every now and then and the unconscious man’s head would roll back, exposing his pale skin. Tony’s breathing was shallow, barely noticeable, and Steve began to lose hope for his lover and himself.
The water turned off and Steve could hear Tony’s gasps as he tried to breathe and handle the pain of the lacerations marking his body. Tony groaned and rolled his head back, eyes squeezed tight and teeth clenched.
“Tony…. Sky.” He shook his arm a little but the dark haired man’s head just lolled from side to side. “Tony.
The middle man threw a sudden front punch, lunging as he did so, his big meaty knuckles flying towards Steve’s face. The supersoldier’s eyes tracked the fist with such speed that Steve instantly side-stepped, the arm stretching out in front of his nose. The man’s hand struck nothing but air as Steve grabbed his wrist, snapping it downward and yanking the man forward to throw him into the bar behind them. Glasses shattered, shards and alcohol raining down on everyone.
They needed to get out of here. Steve was sure that oxygen was at least flowing into the space, but without rescue and with only the gauntlet’s dim lighting, they could be trapped in here indefinitely. This was all not to mention the ever-present threat of the rock finally collapsing on top of them from weak support structure.
Steve dodged the dancing cruisegoers and tried to chase after him, but three large men moved to stand in front of him. They were larger than Steve, and he pulled his head back, glaring at them.
I'm so sorry that this took me so long! I am in the midst of my Graduate Thesis, but wanted to add a quick chapter. I will be posting a new chapter soon to try and make it up to y'all. The next few chapters will be pretty dark to counteract the Stony fluffiness that has been going on, so be forewarned.
“Tony. Tony. TONY.” Steve said each whisper of Tony’s name as the man punctuated each of his short-lived sentences. He grabbed both sides of Tony’s face and aimed the man’s vision in line with his own. “We. Will. Be. Okay.”
Tony found he couldn’t stop the panic attack from spreading over him and zapping any ounce of energy he had remaining in his body.
“I-uhm-was really enjoying my time with you.”
Tony’s breaths came in hitches and the tears flowed harder as he pressed his head firmer against Steve’s. “There’s nothing. I don’t think I will ever be helped. Just... hold me.”
“What did?”
“Sit down.”
Cracks shot up through the walls, black, jagged lines breaking through the concrete and sending metal bars and rock falling towards them.
you all! That isn’t a threat, it is a promise! When I get out of here, which I will, I will fucking
“Sir---data----blocked---can’t---going---trap!” every four words or so were cut off, but Tony got the message loud and clear. He turned back towards the Iron Man suit and yelled.
Every now and then his mind would momentarily go to Steve. He was worried about him and couldn’t stop his heart from aching when he thought of the super soldier in the same position.
Tony smirked and tightened his tie on his neck. They had dinner in their suite tonight, catching up and cajoling as they hadn’t done for quite a while. Steve and Tony never really had the opportunity to hang out, just the two of them, so they reminisced about prior missions, as they had done in the pool, and talked about their pasts, finding things out about one another that they never knew.
“I don’t even know what that means, Tony…” Steve smiled and rolled his eyes, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
“Well then… I’ve never been to Nassau before, so let’s uhm… get ‘r done?” Steve then smiled at the genius’s wide eyes and annoyed head shaking before proceeding to the bathroom to get ready for their brief tour of the Bahamas.
“Reserve that name for Strange and Strange only… you aren’t my mother, shellhead.” Steve grunted out as he did an aerial twist and slammed his shield into a hydra agent.
“Right-O Tones. I’ll keep that in mind as I fuck him.”
tequila shots.” Steve glared a bit at the last one.
He needed to get to Tony, and from the sound of the cry that had emanated through the trees, he needed to do so fast.
At that moment a shrill scream echoed into the room.  It sounded several rooms away and Steve recognized it instantly. His blood turned to ice and he swallowed deeply.
At one point Tony’s fearful eyes caught hold of Steve’s icy blue ones, causing Steve to look down out of horror as the nurses held Tony down and stabbed his arm with a sedative. Initially Tony tore his arm loose and the needle tore skin, but the second injection went in successfully and Tony’s eyes drifted shut.
“Steve?”
He glared at the story Tony chose to formulate for this conversation, “But at least that was better than the time you threw up a whole burrito on the couch.”
Steve was on Hammer in a flash, beating him until he was bloodied and seemingly unconscious. He stood over him, naked and panting. Steve turned slowly, fear washing through him as he witnessed his worst nightmare.
“Get off…” Tony said again, breaking the kiss but diving forward again to connect his mouth with Steve’s.
When they were alone, it would be talking and then silence and then for some reason Steve could feel himself opening up the Tony. Tony rarely opened up in return, but sometimes he would. Only to realize what he was doing, clam up, and then give Steve a slight punch on the deltoid and state that they both needed to ‘buck up buttercup’.
Once he made it, he slowed down, walking briskly until his hand met the door handle and his key card was pressed to the locking device. He slowed down and glanced over his shoulder to see if anyone was following him. The coast was clear, so Steve swiped his card quickly and pushed the door open, face falling at the sight before him.
“Our honeymoon-“ Steve and Tony responded at the same time, glancing at each other before breaking out into forced grins.
“Called what? Shuddup Tony… I am
“Bad dream?”
I was originally going to make this 3 chapters, but I will be adding a fourth to finish the story up. Look for it over the next few days. Thank you everyone!
“It may be beyond setting...”
Tony nodded and figured out Steve’s game: violent guy on the ship. Maybe violent guy had strings to the other head honcho violent guy. “
He turned his head to the opposite side and saw a large boulder next to his head. Without much thought, he began beating the rock on the boulder, forming loud clangs as stone struck stone. Above him, the sounds echoed into the dark night sky.
The beam of the flashlight was now shaking as Steve tried to comprehend what he was looking at. His mouth opened and closed as his eyes narrowed at the horror-inducing image.
Steve needed light. He placed his palms on the dirty ground and began to crawl around carefully, patting the ground in front of him to ensure he wouldn’t run into anything. He made his way to the flickering light and stood on his good leg to reach the socket. He examined the fixture and ultimately decided to twist the bulb; it shattered.
“There should be an escape hatch somewhere, about two levels above…er….below us? But that is only an estimation since I am not 100% sure where we are right now…”
Tony’s brows furrowed and he swatted Steve playfully on the shoulder, “take it back. The Audi is great…. I mean… your motorcycle delivers a better fuck… but my car-“ he yawned “ is still faster…” Tony’s eyes blinked closed as Steve walked towards the e-tron and slid Tony into the back seat, following him closely. “This thing can drive itself, right?”
It was a nice shelter. One that Steve prayed would be temporary until they were rescued. Surely the team would come for them. Come find them. He just hoped it was before Tony either died or went into a coma from the infection coursing through his body.
“I don’t really give a shit what she has. You treat women- and humankind in general- with respect, dignity, and tenderness, buddy.” The shorter man’s blue eyes flashed as he spoke, obviously triggered by the situation.
“Not enough to break bones, but enough to hurt…. You’re weaker than I thought Tones.”
Pretty soon after his eyes glanced over the grotesque blood and hollowed out eye holes, Tony fell to his side, stomach guarded by his left arm, and emptied what little there was of the contents from his stomach.
Tony reached out with one arm and pulled himself up onto the ledge, quickly followed by Steve. Tony’s mind was moving a thousand miles a minute when he finally spotted an exit. It was a small window that would have been on the wall adjacent to the stairs but was now at the top of the tunnel like a hatch beckoning them forth.
A bright interrogation light shined onto him, making it difficult to see anything past his immediate surroundings. He could only make out shapes moving in the distance, shifting dark shadows against an even darker background.
Whereas Steve was dressed in mostly light colors, Tony decided to wear darker colors made of his newest sweat-slick technology; light-weight fabrics that caused the person wearing the articles to not sweat, even while wearing radiation-absorbent black.
“I’m gonna. Get. Back into. My car.” Tony panted, head lolling backwards as Steve cradled his lower back, keeping him from falling into the dirt below them.
The men began stripping Steve but had trouble lifting his limbs to get the clothing off. They resorted to just slicing it with box cutters instead, accidentally slashing some of Steve’s skin in the process.
“STE-!” Tony gurgled as the water finally rose above their heads and entirely flooded theship with one last burp of air from the holes in the hull.
Steve could see Tony shiver, although out of cold or fear, he didn’t know.
The fire had died out. He frowned, disappointed in himself for letting it do so. Grabbing sticks, he began to try to light it again. He rubbed them together in attempts to create a spark, but the friction was not successful.
Steve swallowed his pride- and fear- and confidently grabbed Tony’s arm before pulling him backwards, spinning him around, and facing him with a soft smile. “I know that it’s been a hard and awkward last couple of days… but I am having a fun time. Please talk to me.” The latter statement was said softly and with downcast blue eyes.
“Show me your wrist.” He commanded the bartender.
“Anything… please just let him go! I’ll do anything!”
?” Tony sputtered as Hammer jerked him up by his dark, sweaty hair. Hammer yanked Tony’s head back, exposing his neck as Hammer bit into it roughly, circling Tony’s adam's apple with his tongue. He left moist streaks of spit grossly along the skin surfacing his carotid and Tony, surprised and appalled, groaned.
Tony and Steve, glasses in hand, moved towards one of the last empty tables right to the left of the dancefloor. The opening was full of couples, dancing closely to an old piano in the corner that seemed to play when the occasional guest felt compelled.
“Better take care of yourself Cap…I might not be making it out of this one.” With that Tony coughed and blood spattered the stone beneath him. “…. Correction…” he gurgled, “I am probably not making it out of this one.”
“Help…” It was barely noticeable.
“Breathe, Tony. Just breathe.”
“Thanks, buddy.”
Silently, Tony began digging a few feet away with his single hand while his injured arm was tucked up next to his chest in the sling. Unfortunately, while the mechanic began to shovel, the tossed sand proceeded to fall into Steve’s already dug hole.
Steve cared about Tony’s pain threshold, but at this point in time, the more imminent danger was the sinking rig they were sitting in. He yanked the chains roughly against the pipe, baring his teeth and grunting as he did so. The chain pulled against Tony’s arms and he cried out in pain, but the pipe eventually snapped.
Steve looked at Tony shivering and blinked steadily, deciding how he wanted to proceed. He stood up, walking over to another area and rummaging around through a luggage bag. He pulled out a large blue blanket and laid it gently over Tony’s wracking form. He carefully, settled the blanket around the wounded arm and then began tucking in the side under Tony’s body. The blanket was still a little damp, but Tony’s feverish body heat would radiate, keeping the man warm.
“Oh…” Steve was dumbfounded, and it showed as his eyes stared over Tony’s head and into the crowd, wide.
Steve woke up, a killer headache working its way through his skull’s occipitals. He grumbled, unaware of where he was for a moment. He blinked his eyes open and noticed that they stung with dehydration, lids raking painfully against his corneas.
Steve shifted Tony into his arms and began to carry him bridal style. He looked at the dirtied motorcycle and at his boyfriend, sweaty, covered in cum, and whimpering in pleasure as Steve picked him up.
Justin slid his back down the wall and sighed in contentment, coming, once again, to rest his orgasm-glazed over brown eyes to his fuck toy’s watery blue ones.
“Hello?” he croaked. He had barely gotten the word out before a hand slipped over his throat and squeezed tightly. The fingers were cold and hard.
“NEXT.” Brahn shouted, ignoring the beginnings of Tony’s argument and persuasion techniques. People rushed around them, excited to get to their destination as they shoved into the men in the middle of the ramp.
Steve smiled, proud of his work. “You aren’t the only engineer that exists on this island. I’ve been taking care of us.” He said it almost protectively… dominantly. As if he were the man of the island taking care of his ill lover. Which is basically what it was, Steve thought. Unrequited lover, maybe. But after almost a week, there was no other way to really describe their situation.
“I’m bored Rogers. He’s not really giving me the reaction I want anymore.” Hammer paced in front of Steve, hands behind his back casually and the same smug smile that he always wore plastered on his face.
The bartender, Alphonse, came by to grab the empty glasses and offer another drink to Steve. Alphonse was tanned from his time by the pool and had dark, shoulder length hair and a shadowy beard. His red shorts were bound by a black belt that was attached to a fanny pack. He looked mildly irritated at the two men before him, but Tony attributed it to the number of dishes they were racking up.
“No one. Just me. Me and the bike.” The man’s hands came up in mock defense.
“Please… please stop! Who is your boss? I can get you out of whatever trouble you would be in with your boss. I will take care of it, just don’t hurt him.” There was desperation in his voice now.
Diapers and wipes in huge boxes, and then pull ups because with life being abruptly less stressful than it had been in the last several months, Tony would finally have the time and energy and patience to start working on potty training. An electric razor for the few times Tony needed to shave instead of struggling with dollar store blades. High end shampoos and conditioners in big bottles and baby soap for Peter’s baths.
Tony’s heart was galloping in his chest, pounding loud enough he thought for sure the Alpha could hear it in the relative quiet of the street. Steve’s hand was rough, calloused and strong and Tony’s own fingers felt small, safe held in his grasp. Holding hands was innocent to the point of being chaste but right there in the moment, Tony didn’t know if anything with an Alpha had ever been more exciting…
rather you call me then sit there alone and miserable. But I don’t want you to have to do that because you don’t know how you’re going to make ends meet. If you call me crying, make it cos you had a bad day and want me to come cheer you up, make it because you tore your favorite shirt and want a new one or because you’re tired of the city and want a vacation. Not because you’re at your lowest point and feel bad about asking me for help. That kills me, knowing you were even in that position. It tears me up inside and I don’t want you to ever have to do that again.”
respected. “Talk to you soon?”
“Thanks for showing up.” The big blond tucked his nose at the soft spot behind Tony’s ear and inhaled the sweetly chamomile scent. “I’m so glad to see you, I thought maybe you’d missed my text earlier.”
“S’lot of effort for a date.” the big Omega yawned, jaw cracking with the effort. “What are you wearing?”
Up close it was instantly apparent that Tony was shaking with
At eight o clock when Tony murmured that he had to start heading home, they stopped beneath a streetlight and smiled into each others eyes as a slow breeze brought leaves rustling down the street. The Alpha reached to tuck a curl behind Tony’s ear, his fingers lingering for just a split second at Tony’s satin soft skin, and when the Omega blushed over the near innocent touch, Steve nearly melted.
The Alphas just
was just as sweet.
as he traced around Tony’s hole, dipping inside the loose entrance to coax more free. “Oh sweetheart, this is so beautiful. I had no idea this sort of thing could be so damn beautiful. Look at you.”
Yes, it had been Bucky’s idea for Steve to try the Sugar Seeking Sugar thing but he’d expected Steve to get a knot off, have some fun on a few dates and
“Heya beauty.” he croaked. “What uh-- what’s up? Pete okay?”
“Did you bring jammies?” Steve audibly inhaled
“Not an actual Amazon.” Tony pointed at Diana. “Not a redhead who is scary beyond all reason. Not Scott, who acts goofy but I’m almost positive could kill me four different ways. Steve, you’re an
“Have a nice day!” Peter echoed, the words muffled into Steve’s jacket because the Alpha refused to let him turn and see Howard. “Bye bye!”
“You know it.”
“Holy hell.” he inhaled loudly and Steve couldn’t help a self satisfied grin, couldn't help preening just a little bit so the Omega would keep looking. “Look at
of us should be getting laid, and if it’s not me then it should be you.” the Omega interrupted. “Your ass is so neglected lately, it’s practically drooping. It’s physically making me sad. Physically making me sad with how much it’s drooping from a lack of loving.”
to mention how he’d contemplated taking one of the knot centric pictures, since it seemed to be what sugar daddies did. Just drop trou and knot it up on camera… the idea had made him want to gag and he was glad the thought had been brief and fleeting before he’d settled on the one with his suit. “Friends. I’d like that.”
work for your life outside of being with me, then.” Steve decided. “How do you feel about diamonds?”
“You don’t need luck, babe. He’s going to love you.” Clint smacked a kiss to Tony’s cheek. “Text me and tell me how it goes.”
“Being poor like we’re poor means better off people tend not to think of us as human.” Clint grimaced in agreement. “Guess we start feelin’ the same way about ourselves eventually. Just wears on you.”
painting day. A huge roll of paper, washable paint because this stuff would take some scrubbing, thicker brushes for less coordinated, little fingers, a child sized smock because Peter would be ridiculously cute in a painters get up and maybe even--
“When I was in college I always dreamed about taking a boyfriend to Howard’s office and getting railed to within an inch of my life over that big stupid desk.” Tony grinned mischievously. “Felt like a particularly potent
“It’s
--even with all
, with Tony disappearing so abruptly from their unplanned lunch and then going incommunicado for a week something had to be very wrong or Tony had just gotten diamonds and decided Steve wasn’t worth--
himself where Tony would spill wet. Steve wanted all of that, but there was slight tension in Tony’s frame as he pulled at the blankets to cover himself and he kept tugging at Steve to keep the Alpha from sitting up and staring at him, so Steve kicked the covers away then pulled them right back up over his shoulders so Tony was comfortable and they could kiss again.
“St–Steve?”
because he’d really thought Tony just wanted diamonds instead, soul twisting
the simple words brought to the Omega’s eyes. “We’ll have plenty of mornings where he won’t interrupt us. Go get Pete, I’ll hop in the shower and start some breakfast.”
in a desperate sort of way. Spring was beautiful in New York and he wanted to take Tony up into the hills to watch the trees green up and the first flowers bloom, he wanted to spend a night taking pictures of the Omega and then painting them into scenes, he wanted to spend an entire weekend-- and entire week-- on vacation with Tony getting to know the Omega
...or so he thought….
“Tony.” Steve nodded jerkily and tried to salvage the conversation in a sugar daddy appropriate sort of way...whatever that meant. “So. I’m sure you had dozens of matches and messages before you and I linked, hm?”
and throwing himself onto one of the bear’s legs to start yanking it down.
Tony was stubbornly purposefully silent, a dark part of the Omega enjoying watching Howard squirm, a larger,
and Tony laughed softly, dotting a kiss to Steve’s lips. “I thought the stereotype was that Omegas loved shopping and Alpha’s only tolerated it, not that Alpha’s secretly binge shop and Omegas have to sigh and roll their eyes over the excess.”
“Look at you.” he whispered, awestruck and humbled by the submission from his mate, almost deliriously happy about the spray of silver already showing at Tony’s neck, hardening all over again in the next breath when Tony moaned and rolled his lean hips to test the knot.
And then uncertainly, “Next time I could just give you a gift card, maybe?”
“Love you too.”
“Hysterical, hm?” Steve bumped their noses together. “And here I thought you were gonna tell me it’s delightfully old fashioned.”
“I’ll be real honest with you, Omega. I’m not sure Bucky
“Mr. Stark.” Steve finally spoke up, pulling Tony just slightly behind him as he straightened up and squared his shoulders. “I’m not usually one to speak for my Omega, but in this instance I’m confident in saying you have
“An hour wouldn’t have made any difference, love.” Peggy tried to assure the frantic Omega, her nose wrinkling against the sour tint of
, it would have been even weirder to ask for payment after the Alpha had seen him naked. Sugar daddy and sugar baby arrangements were
“Hello, darling.” Peggy whispered when Tony crept in to pick Peter up at close to eight thirty pm. “How was your date?”
In the few weeks since admitting his...fantasy… to Tony, nothing had changed between them, or at least nothing that would indicate
“Damn, Tony.” this time the Alpha couldn't hold back a growl and it
“I just meant--”
was a threat. “We all drag Steve out of his loft and onto a pontoon boat for his birthday weekend. You’ll come along for that, right? Weekend away for the lovebirds? That should be just fine.”
working here, he loved getting to see Tony three times a week and going out for drinks afterwards. With the bump in pay and tips, the Omega had even managed to sock away enough money for a security deposit on a new place and after the holiday rush, he’d have enough to pay a couple months rent ahead of time so he could get the hell away from Barney and into his own place.
“My god, I am really bad at this.” Steve mopped at his forehead and bit off a frustrated curse. “Bucky’s right. I’m basically a gremlin hobbit scrooge, aren’t I? I’m trying to tell you I appreciate you not showing up dressed slutty and I messed it up. I didn’t expect you to wear a tie because Omega’s never do but I didn’t mean for it to come out so gross and basically terrible.”
wanted to leave. “Yeah, Tony. We are friends. And as your
...Tony was still boneless when the Alpha lifted out of him and went to clean up, an arm tossed over his eyes and the sheets pulled up to his waist. He startled when Steve came back with a washcloth and a half shy, “In case you didn’t want to walk to the bathroom to clean up.”
The Alpha stuttered a few times, “T-Tony, do you really think I’d do that?”
get ahead.”
“Tell me about this sugar daddy.” Clint made a show of shaking out a napkin and laying it on the table before resting his head on the almost permanently sticky surface. “Is he going to pay you thousands of dollars a month to throw some booty at him?”
“You’re gorgeous.” Steve’s kiss was adoring, worshipful, one arm secure at Tony’s waist and the other hand sat warm at Tony’s knee as he teased his tongue between Tony’s lips and groaned over the taste of a wine soaked kiss. “Tony, you are
“Oh good.” Steve’s fangs glinted when he smiled in relief. “If the certificate isn’t enough to cover what you want to get done, just add more services on. Text me or have the spa call me and I’ll pay for the rest. But that doesn’t really count as a birthday gift because I bought it ages ago. What else?”
-- Pete! Where are ya, kiddo?”
Tony’s mouth twisted uncertainly, Steve’s insistence that Bucky only had good intentions running through his mind.
But then-- “Mr. Carbonell?” The same genteel Omega that had checked Tony into the spa and brought him to a private dressing room to change into his robe knocked lightly at the door to the lounge and peeked around to smile at him. “I don’t mean to rush you, but have you finished your lunch?”
“I’ll kill you if you finish that sentence.” Tony loaded his arms up with three plates each and levelled the other Omega with his
“We worked all afternoon on our project and you’re gonna call it a
“I’m not trying to say I’m ungrateful for you being generous.” The Omega said quickly, not sure why Steve had gone so quiet and trying to do damage control before-- before-- well he didn’t know what the
And before Tony could try for an answer, Steve shook his head again and bent to lay a searing kiss at Tony’s lips, sealing their mouths together and stealing every molecule of air from Tony’s lungs before easing back with a low,
myself to a wealthy Alpha just so I have a chance to get ahead and the second my kid gets sick, I’m right back where I started.”
Tony ran his tongue slowly over his fangs, then his bottom lip as he thought through his answer. He didn’t want to
The kiss they shared was achingly sweet, tender and careful, plates forgotten off to the side as Steve reached for Tony and the Omega came quickly willingly to settle onto the Alpha’s lap, straddling Steve’s legs and letting the big blond tilt his head up to drive the kiss slowly purposefully
.” Tony interrupted. “He got the sniffles and it turned into the flu. His fever has broken, he needs to get home and get some sleep and so do I. Stop treating me as if I’m a criminal for being an single parent with a sick kid! There’s nothing to be ‘
future. No one’s going to take it away from you.”
, I’m saying I’d be happy to throw money at him just to get a smile outta that gorgeous mouth.”
“Alpha.” Tony hiccupped a quiet laugh. “I didn’t say anything about Christmas.”
Barley surviving paycheck to paycheck meant bills were always strategically late to make sure more important ones could get paid, it meant any left over money wasn’t actually left over because he always needed diapers and there was never enough food and even if Peter had enough clothes right then, he’d outgrow them in a few months and Tony had to plan ahead...
“I called maintenance and had them come over and replace your lock.” Peggy fished a key out of her pocket and held it up. “I told them I’d locked myself out of my apartment and had to break in. They didn’t even question it. They had no idea if I actually lived here or not.”
In the closet hung Tony’s work clothes, black pants with frayed hems and shirts with name tags already attached. In the bottom of the small space was several boxes Bucky recognized from one of Steve’s favorite stores and he had to think the Omega was storing the more beautiful clothes still in tissue paper to protect them from the dismal reality of the apartment.
Tony stopped mid snarl, eyes widening in panic when he saw the Alpha. “B--Bucky?”
as depression sank into his senses and left him blank. “Let me be alone with my baby and our--our--”
“Not uh-- directly.” Steve winced a little bit. “I’m sorry if me making a scene made this day worse for you though. Nothing pisses me off faster than that sort of behavior. Why would anyone look down on someone who works for a living?
“You didn’t do any of that.” The Alpha pointed out. “You barely even snarled when you had every right to scream.”
, Omega. Sorry for scaring you and forcin’ you and takin’ over your mind like that, dragging you all the way across town when you were all shook up and couldn’t trust me. I’m sorry about all that and I’m sure Steve’s gonna take me out back and put a hurting on me, so if you wanna get a kick or two in, that’s alright. I deserve it and I’ll take it.”
. I was already heat drunk and barely lucid but he started touching me here and the pressure never let up and I just--”
, Tony. I want to hear you call me Alpha and I want to hold you and settle you and knot you because you’re mine. I want you to wake up in my bed every single morning and after everything you’ve been through, I want to be the safest place for your heart. I’m asking you to choose
“He’s my whole world.” Tony said softly,
.” Steve blinked red at her for half a second, and the other Alpha back off immediately, if not a little confused when Steve walked right past her and made a beeline for the Omega sitting in the chair near the back office, pinned in place by the angry glares of two different security guards.
“Really?” Bucky’s eyes nearly bugged out of his head. “
Tony loved to feel Steve finish in him, coating his insides with hot release and throbbing, pulsing so far into his core. But this time Steve didn’t pull out and he simply kept
until the Alpha surged forward and snapped his fangs shut into Tony’s bonding spot. The connection was immediate, sparking bright and popping blinding
“The last time I was with anyone was the heat that gave me Peter and it-- it wasn’t good.” He scratched at his throat uncomfortably. “I was fairly ‘social’ before that but once I knew I was pregnant, I stopped going out at all and since the last time wasn’t…
head over heels for you and thrilled half to hell that you feel even a little bit the same way?”
beautiful, Omega. But you’ve got a look in your eye that tells me you’ve seen a lot more of this world than anyone at twenty or twenty one should have ever seen. It makes you seem older when we talk sometimes, that’s all. Based on that alone, I wouldn’t have been surprised if you told me you
“Thank you.” Tony had set his required monthly allowance on his profile as enough to pay his rent. For most Omegas and every single Alpha on the page, it would seem like a
didn't mean to nearly spit his coffee out in shock at the Omega’s agreement, but Peter’s giggles at the mess and Tony’s knowing, almost apologetic smile made the coughed up coffee worth it.
*********
“Um-- I--I---”
cheese to add to the boxed dinner and he opened the bag to let Pete grab at the shreds. “Sprinkle sprinkle sprinkle, baby!”
he wasn’t going to tell them where it was or how terrible it was.
until they were both gasping, the Alpha growling and Tony trilling and purring every time they parted enough to breathe.
“You must be Tony.” the Alpha stated rather than asked. “Steve didn’t say whether or not you were coming, but I know he’ll be real happy to see you. C’mon in.”
, Pete! We should get those!”
“I’ve missed you too.” Tony rubbed his nose at Steve’s heart, breathing in the settling scent of his Alpha and sandalwood soap and
. How did you do that sort of work?”
********
“Love you too, babe. Go get some.”
“That’s your version of getting some sugar, Mr. Rogers?” Tony’s apple blossom scent lightened in surprise and joy. “A
“What the hell is this?” Tony frowned down at the app Clint had downloaded, then back up at the other Omega in confusion. “What’s
And then in what could only be called a
“Peggy.” Tony’s throat closed up in sadness when he saw the sweet Alpha. “Oh Peggy, I’m so sorry about how I acted the other day. You were just trying to calm me down and I--”
zinging up through Tony’s spine, bursting white behind his eyes as his head fell back. “Ohhhh that’s better, don’t stop that.”
break up with
“Steve--!” A surprised gasp trailed off into exhilarated giggles when the Alpha practically attacked his neck, nuzzling and mouthing wet kisses down to the hollow of his throat and over to where the sweater fell off his shoulder and bared a smattering of freckles left over from long days in last summer’s sun. “Ah! Stop! That tickles!”
harassed him on daily basis.
the Omega knew diamonds symbolized some sort of commitment, whether they were top of the line diamonds or the lab created faux diamonds sold in department stores. The brilliant shine and distinctive color meant
“No, I’m off shift until Tuesday unless someone calls in sick.” Tony tried not to sound worried, but his apple blossom scent wavered
“I--I--I--” Steve couldn’t have put a sentence together if his life depended on it, and Tony only winked, spun around on his heel and sashayed his way back towards the kitchen to check the roast. “Oh
Tony laughed softly and missed the way the Alpha’s eyes ringed hazy
“For as long as you want.” Steve stood to his feet slowly so he wouldn’t startle either the baby or the Omega, pulled Tony’s phone out of his pocket and set it on the side table. “No strings attached, Tony. Don’t even worry about that.”
, Alpha!” Tony burst into laughter and Steve hugged him in closer, kissing his head. “You
“Shit.” Tony gasped in surprise, back instinctively arching and legs spreading when Steve pressed forward a little more. “
pulling at your shirt? My oh my.”
had brought an easy, pure
“Oh.” Tony sat up again, clutching at his robe and swallowing uncomfortably. “Sorry, did I overstay my welcome? I wasn’t sure how long I could stay here and eat after my last service--”
with the lack of memories, and maybe even a tint of jealousy that Steve not only had his Ma but also his Ma's best
with a parent Omega, usually spouting some outdated bullshit about the Omegas being stretched out and ruined and never truly loyal if they hadn’t even managed to be loyal to the baby’s
It was one of those meals that could be made en masse and eaten as leftovers for days and Ma Rogers had made it on holidays or special occasions when money was tight and all she had was noodles, a few odds and ends from the market, and a little bit of cooking wine. After Steve had been recruited for football and money was no longer tight, the quality of the ingredients in the spaghetti got better but the amount of love in the dish remained the same. Sarah Rogers had made it for her soon to be mate, she’d taught Steve to make it when he was old enough to date and after
It had been a long time since the Omega had bought new clothes that weren’t from the Walmart clearance section, and even buying from Walmart had been a few months ago. He’d purchased three different button ups to wear on dates with Steve and of course new underthings, but everything
“They always are.” Tony stayed at the doorway just watching through, listening to Peter who
“Steve--” he whimpered, then, “Alpha? Hurry--?”
come up at some point, you can talk to me about it, yeah? No judgment here, babe. I just want you to be happy.”
, and instead took the time to think through all of the options, to plot the best course of action and to take a deep breath before leaping.
“Wow.”
“Steve, I swear to god.”
, Peggy. Four years ago I would have
rule than it was to have the shop reported for discrimination and prejudice, which would lead to losing not only the business of several of Mr. Rogers’s wealthy friends but would also cost her
Tony had dressed up and oh
A young couple on the second floor were grateful for the still useable crib for their newest baby and the particle board dresser went into Peggy’s apartment as additional storage for her nicer clothes. The Alpha had a small Army pension that paid enough for her larger apartment and the dresser that had taken up so much room in Tony’s tiny place seemed small in her bedroom.  Any extra soap or cleaning products Peggy kept as well since Tony didn’t want to leave them and he certainly didn’t need them anymore.
if there is so much as a hair harmed on Tony’s head, do you understand me?”
, come on.”
in it.
Tony waited to call Steve until almost one in the morning, well past when Peggy had fallen asleep in the comfortable bed and after Peter had passed out from sheer exhaustion. The Omega settled into one of the chairs by the window and waited for Steve to pick up the phone, burrowed into the plush robe, sipping at the last of the champagne and replaying his and Peggy’s conversation in his mind.
“How about this?” the Alpha cut in again. “I don’t know what stores are near you, so I’m going to send you my debit card info and you can put in the grocery deliver. Get whatever you need, as much as you need, and then use it to pay whatever bills were due this week so you don’t fall behind.”
Tony didn’t answer again and Bucky stared straight out the windshield as he took the road that led to the bridge across to Brooklyn Heights and Steve’s place.
The Omega hesitated, reluctant, and Clint prodded, “Tony. I get that this is all crazy and you’re nervous but hey-- has Steve
“Mmmm.” Tony sighed into a third kiss, then whispered as they parted, “Mr. Rogers, it is actually hysterical that you corrected your language in front of the two year old.”
“Bug.” It was very obviously a stuffed bunny, but Peter answered, “Bug.” with world wise seriousness in his gold flecked eyes and handed it to Steve. “Baby bug. He’s this many.”
But Tony had learned the hard way to put what
“Of course not.” Tony tucked the edge of the blanket in around Peter’s feet and bounced the toddler gently as Peter snuffled and clutched at his shirt, a few startled tears leaking from the corner of his eyes. “Steve has no idea.”
“I believe you.” Tony watched Bucky for another minute, cataloguing the self loathing and misery on the Alpha’s features. “Bucky. Do you want to officially meet Peter?”
Steve jerked forward before Bucky could finish the sentence, gathered up Bucky’s shirt in both fists and
against his mouth, Steve swept his tongue only lightly, only gently along a full bottom lip and let the tip of his fangs dig in for a heart stopping few seconds.
“Huh.” The Omega nodded slowly, biting at the inside of his cheek. “Mkay, so would it
“They would have put you in an Omega home if they couldn’t force you back to your Dad’s house.” Steve guessed, and Tony finished, “And then take Peter away from me no matter what, because the state run Omega shelters aren’t good places for kids. And even if
“I’m not the one who used a Command on that Omega’s best friend.” she sniffed. “Extra charming doesn’t even describe it. Remember how you won me over?”
“God babe, there’s so much this time.” Tony scooped his fingers through the spend pooling at his navel and chuckled when Steve flushed in embarrassment. “I’m not complaining, I’m just surprised. This is a
“What’s your family like and how close are you to your siblings?”
, so he repeated, “No, not particularly. But I work full time at the… restaurant…and pick up as many shifts as possible so this arrangement has to fit in around the schedule.”
your kid so don’t say that again.”
“Thank you, beauty.” Steve wanted nothing more than to fit back between Tony's knees and dig his fangs into Tony's scent glands, to wrap one big hand around the nape of the Omega's neck and bring Tony down settled because he knew-- he
Their whole lives had happened in this one room and Tony was stunned to stillness, to silence, to misery. The Omega wasn’t sure if he wanted to cry because Peter deserved so much
“Don’t make me wait.” The Omega was surprised at how greedy he was for all this, spreading his legs faster when Steve didn’t open him up quick enough, pushing up into the tentative press at his hole and grabbing at the condom to rip it open, fumbling and trying to help Steve to roll it down towards his knot. “Steve-- Steve come on--”
that Steve was putting the brakes on because of a previously established curfew. Granted, it had been a long time since Tony had been with anyone, but he was fairly certain even the Alphas that were proud of their bedroom prowess could get it up and
“Do you want a wedding, honey?”
“What’s your best friends name?”
“Um, I don’t mean to be rude but are we sure Natasha
, Tony. I just don’t want you going anywhere if you’re not a hundred percent coherent.”
The smile slipped from Tony’s face, and he cocked his head curiously. “Make an honest man out of me? What does that mean?”
“See? You balance me out. Perfect. Such a perfect pretty Omega. When I’m sober I’ll call you again and convince you I mean what I say, alright?”
reasons.”
“You can say that again.” Clint’s eyes were glued to Natasha, the poor Omega practically wheezing as he took in the red hair and brilliant eyes and the way a tank top and cut off shorts showed off all the ink on her perfect skin. “Look at her. I mean, objectively I hate her cos she upset Tony but also, holy crap Peggy. Look at the Alpha
“No.” Tony shook his head quickly. “No, he doesn’t even know. By the time I realized the morning after pill hadn’t taken, he was long gone and I had no way to get a hold of him. I never even tried. It’s just us.”
Peter barreled into Tony and nearly knocked the Omega over, locked his arms tight around Tony’s neck and slobbered an enthusiastic kiss on his Daddy’s cheek. “Daddy! Miss you!”
, “I feel like people who consider peace and quiet to be
“I haven’t seen Tony in a month.” Steve started slowly. “There was an… incident at a jewelry store a while back and Tony ran away from our lunch pretty quick afterwards. Then he got sick, missed our date and has been so busy with work and now I gotta cancel cos I’ve got that deadline for the commission and it’s gonna be a whole other week till our next date.”
“But all his friends will be there.”
“Milk!”
money, rail road owners and monopoly builders, college founders and charity funders, tracing their lineage back to the very start and demanding the respect that came with centuries of influence, swaying elections with pointedly worded speeches and bankrupting competitors with easily bought secrets.
Tony did another one of those snort laughs that Steve found so charmingly honest, and encouraged, he suggested-- “What if you just think about it? One extra evening a week isn’t all that much time out of your schedule, I hope. And it wouldn’t have to be an evening, we could meet in the morning or for lunch or anything like that.”
*********
“Anthony.” The Alpha Howard Stark stopped short when he saw his
“What do you mean, no readable books?” Steve protested light heartedly. “That bookshelf is
“--don’t stop--”
“I--I--I--” Steve licked at his fangs almost desperately. “I mean, well
because let’s face it, I tend to be semi-boring.”
“Alpha.” Tony rolled his eyes, but made sure to squeeze at Steve’s hand so the Alpha’s feelings wouldn’t be hurt. “Alpha, you have two carts and apparently every intention of buying out half of Costco. You will have way more contributions to Pete’s life than bad words.”
senseless too, and there’s just not a whole lot you can do about it.” Steve dropped a quick kiss on Tony’s nose. “Do you want a puppy too? Look at this little blond gal, she’s about as sweet as can be. What about her?”
over the Alpha’s body. Soap ran in rivulets along the lines of Steve’s bulk and Tony chased them with his fingers and then with his lips, tracking the scent down and down where it blended musky at the Alpha’s heavy cock and the Omega could open mouth taste pure desire.
in the room.”
“I can’t wait.” Tony wrinkled his nose into a smile for the sweet Alpha. “Thank you.”
when I was loud for you.”
“Ain’t no thang.” Bucky let only the slightest bit of rumble into his words and watched through the lenses as the mouthy Omega straightened up and flushed a little red. “You sound more like my type anyway.”
“There you go, baby.” he managed after a few breaths. “Th-there you go. All full of me. All– All bred up.”
...the resulting silence in the living room was almost terrifying, Steve staring wide eyed and slack jawed at the phone, Bucky waiting with red eyed anticipation for his fierce little wife to respond and the sound a slowly measured breath as Natasha contemplated just which threat to carry out on her giant mate…
“I um--” Tony’s mouth went dry as the manager hurried over to pull the piece out so Tony could try them on. He hadn’t worn jewelry in years and the sparkle of it against his skin took his breath away. “Steve--”
Steve was up and whistling at seven am the next morning as he scrambled eggs for Peter’s breakfast and set them aside before breaking out biscuits and whisking gravy for Tony and Peggy to eat.
why I accepted your message.”
, wasn’t it? Were you watching us the entire time? Oh my god!”
“Okay, that’s okay, I’m sorry.” The Alpha nearly asked
“God, for just so
!” This time Steve
“Oh my god.” Clint chuckled to himself. “God damn Tony. Go home and put that Alpha out of his misery would you? He’s out here painting odes to your eyeballs and you’re here wondering when midnight will hit and the fairy tale will be over? Babycakes, you leapt right over midnight and right to the morning after where the Prince is making you pancakes and buying your kiddo clothes! Your nervous about this cos you haven’t let your guard down enough to give Steve a chance to express his feelings!”
was Tony wearing lingerie?
“I’m glad your home.” Steve lay a very gentle kiss on Tony’s lips as they passed. “You coming down too?”
“It’s fine.” Tony was laughing, eyes watering and nose stinging as he coughed up another swallow of water into the napkin. “Oh my god, you just-- you said that out loud and the old lady behind you whipped around real fast and stared at me all funny.”
Steve’s kid and Steve had nothing to do with the ‘miracle’ that about tore me in half. It’s one thing to insist a mate would still find me attractive but someone else…?”
and the food was every bit as messy and delicious as Steve had promised and he couldn’t seem to stop eating. “Why are you so partial to it?”
“It’s beautiful.” Tony whispered, and Steve whispered back, “You’re beautiful, my Omega. I love you.”
“Fifteen--” Steve choked on his beer. “Tony, are you
at the wall, the Alpha’s eyes twitching darker red with each rise and fall of that powerful chest. “Here I thought the point of our whole arrangement was
“You’ll get used to my friends.” Steve changed the subject as he leaned back into the pillows and rested a big hand at Tony’s bare thigh beneath the covers. “And don’t-- don’t worry about the questions about birthdays and kids and that sort of thing. We haven’t been together all that long, some discussions just haven’t happened yet. Don’t think that anyone holds that against you.”
mean?”
The Alpha actually looked
him knew he was lonely.
“Fuck me.” Tony was just getting off work at five thirty when the text came through and he groaned out loud when he saw it. “I hate having to tell Steve no so often.”
“Yeah.” Steve wasn’t ashamed in the least. “Yeah, it sure was.”
Steve made a noise that was almost uncertain and Tony leaned back to meet the Alpha’s gaze, trusting his weight in Steve’s grip and clicking his tongue when he saw the flash of panic in the blue eyes. “I’m
“Settle settle sweetheart.” Steve felt around for one of the throw blankets and pulled it up over Tony’s legs, smoothing down the rumpled t shirt and using the moment to flatten his palm over Tony’s pounding heart, counting the beats and letting the steady weight and warmth calm the Omega’s breathing. “Settle, baby, I’ve got you. I’ve got you. I’m right here.”
“Jesus
I was at the hotel and downtown at that diner looking for someone else. Honest. I happened t’see you and the baby and that lady outside the hotel but I hadn’t figure out what t’think about it yet and then I saw you with that real pretty Omega inside the diner and that didn’t make any sort of sense to me.”
The conversation lagged again, but this time the silence between the pair wasn’t awkward. The streetlights were coming on as the sun went down, and though it was still early spring the night wasn’t too cold to be uncomfortable, so when Steve inclined his head hopefully towards the river, Tony nodded and let the Alpha stretch their walk out a little further, strolling arm in arm beneath the warm glow of the streetlights.
is different. I get anxious asking art galleries for my pre negotiated cut of the proceeds from a show, I can’t imagine you would feel much better asking for this sort of thing.”
. The two year old had been growing out of everything lately, the hand me downs from the thrift shop didn’t hold up to the rambunctiousness of a toddler and with winter still around for another two months, Pete couldn’t just run around in his diaper and a t shirt all day.
signs in their unorthodox relationship if everything had led up to this moment.
“I just want to take care of you.” Steve repeated, and Tony could barely get the words past the lump in his throat--
“We’re going to have another conversation about exactly what kinks are and how comfort is sometimes tossed out the window for the sheer sexiness of a moment.” Tony said dryly, and Steve just huffed, kissed him one more time and rolled off the bed to find a wash cloth. “Hurry back and come cuddle me, okay?”
as far as Tony was concerned, and much to Steve’s delight, Tony immediately bared his teeth and snarled over it.
There were twenty six missed calls and messages from Steve and he ignored them, not sure he could take the emotional upheaval of the voicemails and text messages wondering what was wrong and what had happened. The last thing he needed while feeling so fragile was to hear what was no doubt an increasingly panicked Alpha on the phone.
“I hear that.” Steve relaxed a little hearing that Tony enjoyed peace and quiet. Some of the profiles he’d read had been requesting concerts and professional sporting events and constant trips around and out of the country for entertainment, so the Omega smiling while talking about spending time in an art studio was
“Sweet dreams, sweet Omega.”
Soft fingers at Tony’s hair, brushing through the loose tangles and fluffing at the curls. “Can I touch you here?”
He ground forward again and the Omega moaned shakily, grateful, pursing his lips for kiss after adoring kiss. It was
But hell, it was real ingrained in Alphas to provide and protect and Tony wasn’t his Omega, but Tony was Bucky’s
. “You need the connection with someone and you need the emotional side of things and sure, you’re tired of football groupies and horny military groupies and those weird horny art groupies-- but seriously, bud. Where oh
in an Alpha, much less carried away the Alphas scent and the novel experience had Tony’s head reeling. “I just got… busy… and forgot to check my phone again. Sorry.”
would have been taken in by the way an honestly pleased smile had transformed Steve from looking stern to looking almost boyishly excited.
“I love this on you.” Steve tilted Tony’s head to the side so he could see the way the curved set sat against his ear, tucking one of the Omega’s errant curls away gently. “But if you don’t like it, we’ll find something else.”
! that had Tony nearly crying with laughter as the Alpha scrambled to catch the toddler before Peter smacked onto the floor.
The Alpha didn't comment when Tony nearly choked on his wine, but his fangs glinted in a pleased grin when the pretty Omega blushed pink clear to his ears.
? Absolutely not. Name vetoed, pick another one.”
Bucky drummed his fingers at the dashboard for several minutes, trying to piece together all the new information into any sort of coherent narrative and wondering just how long he was gonna sit out there like a bonafide stalker before giving up and going home to his mate. Several people wandered in and out of the building as he waited, an old lady in a funny hat, a couple with their kid, someone who looked as if they hadn’t been sober in years and Bucky kept watching and wondering what Tony had in common with these people and why he lived at this place.
watching the play of pleasure and open desire over Tony’s gorgeous features. He waited as long as he could before finishing as well, rutting into Tony’s body and winging the Omega’s release out as long as could until the echo of
“Yeah, it wasn’t a
fault that Pete’s sick, like if I didn’t have to work and had a big strong Alpha to support me then maybe my apartment would be clean and he wouldn’t be sick from the
so well in my entire life and then made to feel cherished and beautiful afterwards but tell me the truth-- don’t you ever want to try something different?”
like I should be blaming myself. I should have been home instead of out spending time with Steve.
He popped his fangs in agitation when Steve didn’t listen. “Stevie! The Omega is fine! Just settle a second!”
, don’t stop.”
“Yep, I’m done.” The Beta smiled and even backed up a step to put Steve back at east. “Hey Omega, how you doing? I’m Valkyrie and my personality is an acquired taste.”
“I love it.” Tony blurted, feeling very close to tears as he stared at himself and the simple yet gorgeous shine at his ears. “This is perfect.”
wasn’t interested in being mentored towards becoming a suitable Omega mate for one of the church members. “It um-- it wasn’t fun.”
“Alright, hey I was just kidding. Sorry.” He squeezed lightly at Steve’s fingers. “An
Tony’s throat jerked as he swallowed, and Steve nodded, “I’m asking you to
“Omega, I'm not trying to get you drunk.” Steve chuckled and dropped the noodles in the water. “But I wouldn't mind finding out if I like the taste of wine when it's still all over your lips.”
“Wrassled ya till you submitted then bit the shit outta ya to bond us together?”
“There are not words to describe what is going on here.” Tony whispered from where he sat tucked into Steve’s side on the couch. “Diana has the insignia of Israeli special forces inked on her forearm and she just arm wrestled Sam and then spit on a fifty dollar bill and slapped it on his forehead. Natasha looks like she blackmailed a tattoo artist into doing her pieces and then probably ate him for dinner. Bucky and Sam are so
“I um--” Steve wanted so badly to ask Tony to wait, to
It felt
Tony was silent, devastatingly, purposefully silent and the steering wheel creaked beneath the force of the Alpha’s grip as they drove and Bucky tried and tried and
need clothes and I have no idea how long this thing with Steve will last. So yes, I was going to return an over priced pointless gift and buy something for my child. And apparently that makes me deserving of being screamed at and accused of theft.”
, hurrying out the door as soon as he could with diaper money tucked into his back pocket. “I gotta tell ya, sweetheart. Finding out you’re a dad makes so much sense about a lot of things between us.”
“Forty?”
“That opinion still stands.” Bucky straightened up and squinted at the painting again. “No, no I get this one. It’s like a river right? Deeper waters here and then lightening up here but it ain’t full purple or pink or light blue or whatever cos she might be healin’ from grief but it will always linger?”
. “I spent a little time in California when my parents separated for a bit and my mom moved West.”
And then belatedly, “Aren’t you going to ask why I’m returning the watch?”
touching his nose to where Tony's scent was most potent at his bonding spot.
. It was just Steve’s friends, it was just an unscheduled meet up, it was just
“If I ran your name through a database, would anything come up that would require--”
“I think I’m tall enough to handle that.” Steve winked and started pulling out supplies for pancakes. “You wanna help, buddy? You can add the chocolate chips.”
carrying on a rather clinical discussion about sex with his sugar daddy, but if Tony thought too much about it, he’d get a headache so he let it go. “I have apple juice and a little bit of orange juice left.”
“Oh Pete isn’t listening.” the big blond scoffed, and sure enough, Peter was playing with Tony’s t shirt and chatting rambling about his night and all the cartoons they’d watched. “
“Right.” Tony tried to think back to the conversation before Steve had
“Hey, you can’t call a fella
The steel bands seemed to loosen at his chest and the Omega was able to take a full breath for the first time in what felt like hours, relief washing his scent and leaving him limp.
essive in the next words, “I’ll take care of you, Omega.
shagged and would like to submit a question about why you aren’t
A fucking
Once they were out of sight around the corner of the walkway, Steve asked softly, “Are you alright, my mate? Did I overstep just now?”
“No one has to say the negative things, I hear them right here.” Tony tapped at his temple meaningfully, and continued softer, “It’s been such a long time since I felt even remotely desirable, I don’t even know what it feels like anymore. And while we’re on the subject, it’s been so long since I’ve had
“Oh oh oh, I’m sorry.” Steve immediately soothed it with a kiss, lingering over the reddened skin and murmuring tender over the blooming bruise. “Baby, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you, I wouldn’t ever hurt you, you know that right?”
“Excellent. Follow me please.”
Pete?” Clint shucked his apron and grabbed his envelope full of the days tips. “I can keep the little booger tonight, you go watch football with Steve. I know you miss him, just go and have some fun. No problem.”
“Hours?” the Alpha looked a little embarrassed. “I just went off what you ordered and then found that section of the website and went a little wild, I guess. I just wanted to get you pretty things.”
should the Alpha ever decide to turn on what was apparently legendary charm. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
?” Steve’s brow wrinkled in confusion, then creased in anger. “You did
The Omega paced back and forth in the tiny apartment, bouncing Peter gently and trying hard to keep his voice even so the toddler cry again. “Four years ago I could have walked into that jewelry store and they would have VIP’d me. Four years ago, I didn’t even know what Urgent Care
“Sure.” Tony relinquished his phone in favor of picking up the burger and taking a big bite. Clint really did make good food and Tony was starving. He’d given most of his dinner yesterday to Pete cos the baby was always hungry and he was shaky after nine hours in the diner today without much more than a couple sips of water. “What do you need on my phone?”
, Steve!”
“God that’s good, but I’m not going to last, baby.” the Alpha grit out through clenched teeth, and Tony choked out a desperate laugh, nodding and nearly sobbing when Steve’s calloused palm closed at his cock to stroke him.
“I don’t want to know what that means.” Steve warned, pointing a finger at Bucky. “Don’t elaborate on that.”
!ed at the contents. “An Omega has to do what they can to survive in a world determined to keep them down. Life was easier for me as an Alpha, but women still get the short stick no matter what, and for whichever reason, Omegas get it
the dresser. I only turned around to get a diaper, next thing I know I got a nekkid toddler yippe ki yaying me right into my grave.”
you want something. And I dunno if deep down you’re still that skinny kid who got laughed at for askin’ someone to prom and are scared t’try again or if you really think there’s just no one out there for ya, but I’m
, okay? I was all ready to expose you and figure out your secrets but Omega, as soon as I figured out the secrets you were keeping was about that cute kid and how bad things really were for you, I didn’t care about anything else.”
“No, don’t worry about it.” Steve looked astonished that Tony would even apologize for that sort of thing. “I thought maybe you were older than twenty one and had listed yourself younger.”
the Omega strong enough to be almost painful after what they’d shared. “I’ve missed you, Tony. Missed you, sweetheart.”
still, his handsome face washing very very pale.
“Wow, we’ll have to have a big party for such a big boy!” Steve exclaimed, and Peter burst into immediate chatter about parties and balloons and how
me and you.”
“That’s so unfair.” Steve scowled. “They make it damn near impossible for you to live on your own, look down on you when you try and then threaten to put you back in an unsafe position when you ask for help? I never-- I never thought about how hard it is for Omegas before, that’s
with Natasha and that was enough to bring her in close for an introduction.
The sound of giggles reached them first, high pitched and hysterically gleeful as Peter tried to fight his way out from beneath the weight, and Tony finally thought he could breathe again when a flushed but smiling baby face popped out from under the belly of a tan bear. “Here, Daddy!”
He knew he'd been lonely before now, everyone who ever
“Alright, come here.” Steve stood up and brought Tony with him, wrapping a steadying arm around the Omega’s waist and pulling him into a brief hug. “Are you okay besides all this?”
Tony’s pulse jumped another beat and Steve gripped him tighter. “--and at the risk of sounding like
“I can’t believe you dare to talk that way in front of gravy.” The Omega’s knees went a bit wobbly at the reminder that he was
Clint peered a little closer at the other Omega, clocking the barely hidden tears in Tony’s dark eyes and the stress clouding up his usual sweet scent. “Hey hey hey, what the hell happened?”
….and across town in his loft, Steve nearly dropped his phone in his paint pallet when the text from Tony came through.
’ you, there’s someone for you. You’re too good’a guy to be alone and you deserve love.”
Natasha scrunched her nose teasingly, neither confirming nor denying. “Aren’t
Tony turned into the corner store and Bucky made a rare split second decision. Questions were piling up too quickly and no answers were forthcoming, so he jammed the car into park and jogged across the road to dart into the building and into the apartment lobby before anyone took any notice.
--” Steve’s arm jerked and he slashed black paint clear across the canvas. “Oh
The fifth box held a leather messenger bag for Tony to take along for errands, and smaller over shoulder bag to take along to work, both bags in dark practical colors that would hide any dirt, plenty roomy enough for any of his essentials but also clearly expensive enough that no one would ever look twice at the Omega again if he walked into a store to shop.
“What about here?” Steve circled his hand at Tony’s cock again, grateful to find the Omega still hard and pulling over him slowly, until Tony finally whined into another kiss and thrust up into his grip for
“It was terrifying.” Tony confessed in a near inaudible whisper. “Not during heat, it all felt good then. It was like flying. But coming back down was like crash landing and it was
to me, Omega?”
Steve was sweating now, glad he had taken off the tie but still halfway to strangling on his own awkwardness. “Shit, I mean-- You aren’t um-- I appreciate that you didn’t show up obviously trying to--”
The tri-level brownstone along the promenade in Brooklyn Heights overlooked the tops of beautiful trees, the water, the Manhattan skyline in the distance and a park where dogs and children played. There was a state of the art kitchen and expertly arranged dining-parlor area that walked out into a porch and small, fenced yard on the first level, a well appointed master suite right out of a high end show room and two additional bedrooms with custom bathroom on the second level, and the third level was a beautifully sunlit loft meant to be an artists studio or children’s playroom or office.
“Two weeks.
of happy Omega had lingered in the air long after Tony had gone and Steve could have been
“Yes.” he hissed eagerly. “Yes yes yes, Steve please lose a little control with me, just a little bit, I can’t wait to see–SHIT!”
and the morning after pill not taking… well that’s not your fault, Tony. It happens all the time. You shouldn’t punish yourself with a lonely life just because of a few unfortunate circumstances, you’re not even twenty one, that’s far too young to commit to a life of celibacy because of a mistake.”
Omega and that was enough of a link to have the Alpha acting out of character from his usual level headed self, barking Commands and inadvertently scaring the hell out of someone who had had too hard a life to deserve to be scared like this.
song until Peter’s eyes started to droop.
“Oh good god.” Steve stared at the ruined painting then back at the message, at the painting then back at the message, at the painting-- then pushed it to the side to be fixed later, and picked up his phone again.
It was fine, this was fine, Tony was
Tony was quiet again, and Steve jostled his little mate playfully, “But hey, you know? I wouldn't be
“Baby, we don’t have to talk about all this yet if you don’t want.”
Bucky's smile stretched wide and his grip tightened on the binoculars as he watched the Omega snap a towel at Tony’s rear. “So just you and one other waiter today?”
that had happened last time, Howard was at his core a businessman, a Stark, and manners were hard wired into his every action with a stranger so he forced a cordial smile that carefully covered fangs and held his hand out for Steve.
. Like bonding and maybe community. Like we all have the same memories associated with the color even though that doesn’t make any sense. It’s powerful and bold and
The new restaurant was nice, the pay great and the tips amazing since apparently
It was
“Mmmm.” Tony laughed just a little, content and full and practically incoherent. “Yesss….”
“You wanna get me pregnant, soldier?”
Steve had no way of knowing that all twenty six text messages and phone calls he sent to Tony while he was racing back to his house went unnoticed thanks to Tony’s phone still being in Bucky’s coat pocket, but by the time he made it to the brownstone he was breathing hard, eyes red with worry and scent skittering uneasy when he saw the haphazard way Bucky’s car was parked as if the other Alpha had been in just as much of a panic to get to the house.
of these gremlins. We should just buy them the entire spa. How do parents do this shit?”
The kitchen dissolved into laughter when Steve barreled through to clean up the mess looking as exactly stern and judgy as Sam had warned, and
“That sounds real good, thank you sir.” Steve shook his hand firmly. “I didn’t catch your name?”
Tony chewed at his bottom lip reading the message, wondering if he was going to reply or not. His heart was
“Don’t forget to ring the bell!” Natasha called, and Bucky confirmed, “Gotta ring the bell. Make that Omega sound off loud and clear. Ding dong
“It’s my sanctuary.” The Alpha popped a bite of steak into his mouth, then cut another piece and offered it to Tony despite the little brunette having his own steak on his own plate. Tony still felt just a bit too skinny in Steve’s grip and he was determined to help the Omega gain back everything being sick had sapped from his perfect frame, and then maybe even a little
.” Tony growled and the Alpha panted, “
“Oh my
looked even mildly sophisticated or attractive while trying to fit their mouth around a messy burgers and
, and he tugged them up a little higher so the waistband disappeared beneath the tied up shirt. They were just structured enough to hide any the little bit of curve he hadn’t managed to lose after Peter but easy enough to get in and out of to avoid any malfunctions, which made them perfect date night material. “Blond hair, blue eyes, big arms, bigger shoulders, all that sort of thing. He’s got an ass I could bounce a quarter off of, which is good cos
“I know.” Howard Stark was a titan of an Alpha, but here in the open beneath the burn of well deserved recrimination from his son, he seemed small, he seemed
“Could it hurt to ask?”  Bucky asked bluntly. “The worst he can say is no, and frankly I think I should meet the Omega that’s got my best pal all bent outta shape. Ask him.”
--and Steve clicked on the app to start a profile.
“You feel incredible.” Steve praised, murmuring into Tony’s skin and coming back again and again for lipsticked kisses and the scent of light perfume in Tony’s curls. “Tony, you’re perfect, I love you so much, I love you--”
-- is what happens when someone is trying to be creative-- a brand new color comes into existence and makes the world a prettier place.”
“It is smaller than your bedroom.” the Omega started slowly. “The only place I could find that would rent to me and a baby, I pay cash for it and the landlord leaves me alone so long as I’m never ever late and pay all the utilities. Most nights I move the table over in front of the door so no one tries to come in, we hear gun shots and the police are there all the time.”
“Good.” Tony stroked over him once, twice more and then pulled away with a devilish smirk at his gorgeous mouth. “Stay tuned, sweetheart.”
know.” the Alpha growled, and Tony squeaked, “Yes! Yes, I’m still dripping with you.”
, Tony adored him so much. “Pete! We can have the teddy bear! Pick out which color you want and I’ll put the rest away, okay?”
“You should go before we run out of time” Steve tugged his jacket a little tighter around Tony’s frame, and shook his head when the Omega tried to shrug away to give it back. “Keep it, Tony. Bring it back next time we see each other, alright?”
alright, maybe it was time he gave up cheap beer and slightly sketchy burger joints but damn--
mood this morning, the Alpha unable to quell a smile that stretched wide enough to be goofy as he popped biscuits in the oven and kept right on whistling. Introducing Bucky and Natasha to Pete, Peggy and Clint had gone really well, Tony and Bucky had made up and Natasha and Peggy had hit it right off as they played with Peter and honestly, the night couldn’t have gone any better.
Steve kept stocked specifically for him. “At the rate I’m going right now, I don’t even have time for someone to cut ahead of me and open the door to let me through first.”
in suspicion. “Seein’ as how th’two of you are getting so serious.”
“That’s alright.” Tony rubbed his forehead into Steve’s heartbeat, calming down with every second the Alpha held him. “I'd rather have a paint stained Alpha instead of that prissy, perfectly dressed Alpha behind the counter any day of the week.”
“Yeah. He pays me cash to avoid the taxes and that sure makes it difficult to complain about things like cut wages or missing credit card tips.” Tony’s little fangs flashed when he grimaced. “But it was the only way I could guarantee money to pay rent and take care of Pete.”
for? I dunno how I feel about that. You uh-- you wanna dust off your sleuthing skills and play detective with me? I told Steve to invite Tony over, maybe we can scope him out, make sure he’s not gonna leave my best friends heart some where in the mud.”
the Alpha never talked about it.
Steve didn’t respond, didn’t
“Tasha.” Bucky watched absentmindedly as Clint elbowed his way between Tony and a customer who was leaning a little too far over the counter and leering at them. “I can hear the Jiu Jitsu class in the background. You’re not home and you certainly better not be nekkid.”
**********
“Yes sir.” She checked her notebook. “I have you staying the night tonight in one of our one bedroom suites, it has already been paid for and includes a late check out tomorrow afternoon.”
So instead the Alpha sighed shaky and kissed Tony just one more time. “I had a good time tonight. Will you text me when you get home? Or call me so we can talk? Maybe we could Facetime or--”
“I want to be an absolute Bridezilla in like, May.” Tony hiccuped over a not quite muffled sob. “When the cedars are leafing out or-- or you know, my Mama’s wedding pictures are all in the cherry blossoms, I’d like something like that too. But I want to bond this weekend. I want to pick up a few things first and I’d like to go away to a hotel for the night so I don’t have to worry about Peter but I want to be yours this weekend. Friday. Two days from now.”
he understood why Steve never sat on the couch, five minutes into the first use and it was ruined
“That’s why the door wasn’t locked?” the Alpha turned around again. “So you knew you could leave.”
promised would go smoothly derailed into awkwardness, both Alpha and Omega burst out laughing.
“He better not pull too hard at this shirt, it’s new and has to last.” Tony avoided Peggy’s knowing gaze and picked up the comb to work through the tangles in his hair. “I got it on clearance at Walmart but it’s at least two sizes too big for me and I don’t want to look sloppy, hence the tying up debacle.”
“Heya babydoll.” Bucky made room on his lap for his Alpha mate, and Tasha folded herself neatly into his arms with all the grace of a lethal little ballerina. “Was it
Peter snuggled right into the pillows, bright eyed and chattering excitedly about whatever he’d dreamed about, waving Bug the Bunny around and kicking his feet in excitement.
without him.”
inside, slick and rippling, his body instinctively trying to clench up tighter to keep the Alpha in, and Steve fought for every stitch of his self control and held himself tense, muscles straining as he moved slow slow achingly
.” and Steve murmured, “That’s what I was going to say.”
self satisfaction and Tony laughed all over again, feeling lighter than he had in months, and more relaxed than he had in ages, feeling happier than he had… in
- kicked you out when you got pregnant. So applying for government benefits--”
“Well, I plan on contributing
“Yeah yeah, we all know.” Bucky was half teasing, half
...Clint had said Tony was in love with some fancy uptown Alpha, and there again
“Clint, it was nothing like church!”
house to keep you guys safe. They don’t give a damn if I’m getting a knot off or not--”
had children who wish they looked like you.” the Alpha shook her head. “Why is this an issue all the sudden? Did someone say something negative about you?”
*********
“I’m really not.” Steve pulled the napkin from his lap and tossed it on the table. “I’m sorry about this Tony, but I think I’m going to go. I’ll pay for the meal and your time and if you’d like dessert, you can order some and leave it on the tab, but I think I’m done.”
Tony would have been when Peter was born. The kid couldn’t have been more than three and Tony was only barely twenty one which meant Tony should’a been in high school and carrying on with his friends instead of tryna figure out how to be pregnant and alone in a cruel fucking world and that
. “I had no reason to believe it would turn into a fever or this bad cough.”
The diner was consistently busy even for being a hole in the wall with visibly iffy menu choices, and Tony and Clint spent the entire time running back and forth between the customers and kitchen, bussing their own tables and mopping up any messes, and at one point Clint ducked behind the line and cooked for a solid half hour when the other cook decided to take a break and not put out any more dishes for a while.
“Keep going.” Steve just motioned for Tony to pick up another box. “You’re not done yet.”
The dog’s entire
in Tony spoke up first, and then he hastened to back track and correct, “But still romantic, if that's the ambiance you were going for.”
when he saw the size of the plug Tony had thought ahead to bring, whispered quiet pleading praise into his lover’s ear as he slowly carefully pulled himself free of the still clenching heat and worked the plug in instead, watching in absolute awe as the thick base disappeared inside Tony’s twitching hole and lodged into place.
. Steve abandoned the paintbrush so he could grip at his cock when it throbbed in immediate response to the text, to the image the words brought to mind, to the memory of just how sweetly slick Tony had scented while they kissed.
“And don’t say flowers.” The Alpha shook his head, cutting Tony off. “Don't say flowers for your gift, because that doesn’t count. I’ll send you flowers no matter what. What do you really want for your apartment or-- or is there a spa you want to go to? A resort I can send you to for the weekend? What do you want for your twenty-first birthday?”
-well-“ Steve stammered, “-then the honeymoon plan is scrap. We aren’t done planning yet-
Finally, the doctor, after administering half of the anti-toxin to Bruce, came to Tony’s cot and examined him, questioning the events that happened during their capture.
The bigger man grinned, eyes half lidded with want. “Cum again for me… then I will fuck you for your last orgasm.”
Eventually, Steve had stretched and lubed Tony to his max. He rolled Tony’s upper body back upright. Tony came up biting his lower lip, chocolate eyes large and wide with excitement and a tiny twinge of fear for the unknown.
“Look hammer, if it is tech you are wanting, we can arrange something for you, just stop!” Steve was restless again, feeling helpless as he watched. “The Avengers can bring you something… money… tech… whatever!”
Tony ground out painfully.
“Oh god, Tony, please. Open your eyes- god you are freezing.” Steve’s hands moved carefully along Tony’s bruised and broken skin, ultimately settling on his shoulders. Steve shook the man gently, trying to encourage him to wake up.
wrong way.” Steve cracked his knuckles, an uncommon fury written across his features. He picked up the pace, eliminating the distance between himself and their captor until Justin Hammer pulled out a gun and aimed it straight for Steve’s head.
He had fish stored, wrapped in fronds and salt, in a hole in the ground, the deeper sand keeping the flesh cool and fresh. There were coconuts stacked in piles randomly throughout the encampment for water and nourishment, although Steve often had a hard time opening them, despite the strength with which he bashed them against Billie.
Tony looked up at Steve, worry present in his eyes. “JARVIS has been hacked and shut down. We just lost our fastest method of finding these bastards… and our biggest communication tool with S.H.E.I.L.D.”
DO NOT FUCKING TOUCH HIM!” Tony’s eyes blazed furiously, and he pulled against his restraints, torn shoulder ligaments straining and causing him to pant as he struggled.
He crawled into the pallet behind Tony and nestled up against him. Despite his throbbing balls being unreleased, he felt comfortable. Better than he had in weeks. He just hoped Tony wouldn’t regret it when they woke up.
There was no response. Tony was pale everywhere but his arm; the limb was torn up and bright red. Steve felt sympathy throbbing in his own arm just from witnessing the wound.
Steve knew that the water was warm, but that the drop into it head-first would shatter Tony’s spine and break his neck. He knew that if, by some miracle, Tony’s neck didn’t break, the waves would churn over his unconscious body, rolling him towards their depths. If he managed to survive all of that… the sharks and other predators would feed off the genius’s flesh until there were only bones remaining.
“Tony…. God…” Steve took his pointer finger and caressed the corner of Tony’s lips, pulling back in fearful awe and glancing at the red that stained his fingertip.
Tony couldn’t hold it any longer and rushed his mouth into Steve’s. They both moaned as saliva spread itself between them in a sloppy kiss. Their tongues flew out in between open mouths and Tony began to plunge his tongue in and out like he often did when he rimmed the bigger man. Steve moaned, obviously equating the motion in the same way Tony did.
In shock, Tony had paused, allowing the man to wander over his body, before covering himself defensively and furrowing his brow.
A few minutes passed until Tony came up behind Steve, eyes a little glazed over as the two shots he just downed took effect on his brain. He stood and stared at the super soldier’s silhouette for a brief moment. Steve had shed his white linen jacket but still donned the tight gray shirt underneath and the pants that fit his
Tony’s eyes widened, and he started scampering.
Justin was rock hard and Tony could feel the ribbing of his veins gliding along. He already knew that the villain wasn’t small from his previous altercation with the cock ramming against his throat, and he knew that he could take the dick seeing how Steve was so much bigger, but Tony couldn’t help the fear in his belly.
assumed I had stolen it, didn’t believe a word I said until Steve showed up and told them it was okay, and even
“I dunno, but I do know Steve would fuckin’
And then--
in love with him.”
“And I know this is only a second date.” he hurried on when he felt the Omega tense across from him. “But I already know I’d like to see you more if you’re open to it. We can renegotiate the allowance you set in your profile and everything, I’d be more than happy to work it out so I can see you at least once a week.”
The Omega swallowed once, twice when his throat was still dry. “Steve, I-- I’m a Stark. My full name is Anthony Edward Carbonell… Stark.”
the Omega was almost painfully turned on, his center clenching empty once the Alpha’s weight disappeared, his cock leaking and twitching, his entrance hot and aching because he needed needed
The Omega's giggle turned into a full fledged laugh, and after a minute Steve laughed too.
.” Steve shoved his plate off his lap and hurried to Tony’s side, pulling him into the kitchen and corralling him into a careful hug. “Hi.”
, Bucky.” Steve grimaced. “Just cos you made it a life mission to knot up any Omega who looked your way before you found Tasha doesn’t mean the rest of us need to. You know I don’t just hook up, I’ve never slept with anyone I wasn’t in a relationship with.”
“All I have in this world is my mind, my survival skill and my baby.” The Omega forced himself away from the worst of those thoughts and busied himself getting ready for the date again. “And I’m not about to let anyone take that away from me. But I’m also not going to miss making rent because I’m too much of a prude to try and have sex with the single hottest person I’ve ever met.”
“No shame, lovey.” Peggy opened the left over box and
Tony was quiet and Steve pressed, “Alright? You gonna let me help you?”
“You can talk while I make breakfast, huh?” Steve eased away reluctant after another long moment, holding onto Tony until the Omega found his feet and smiling when Tony instinctively came back for another quick kiss, up on his toes and nuzzling their noses together before finally settling. “I usually just make eggs and bacon but I also make a mean waffle. Does Pete eat waffles?”
“But it’s true, isn’t it?” Tony shook the bottle of liquid baby ibuprofen and measured some out into the cap. “I can either work myself to death at the diner and barely make enough to provide for Pete,
be sending me anymore presents.”
“I love that idea.” The Alpha said honestly. “Taking Pete and any future kiddos shopping for ornaments every year-- we could go down to Rockefeller and see the skating, spend a day picking out a tree, go shopping at the boutiques, visit Santa’s village-- we could make a whole weekend of it every single year.”
Now that Tony was living
Bucky breathed a disbelieving laugh at the sheer snark from the Omega. “Are you serious with all that?”
never making plans further than two weeks out, no intentions of meeting the family or even a flicker of recognition about Steve’s annual birthday plans sure made it seem like the Omega wasn’t half as invested as their love sick friend was and Bucky didn’t like
“I know what your Dad did.” the Alpha said softer. “I know you had everything and then chose Pete so Howard took everything from you. I can’t imagine what I'm offering is anything close to what you used to have, but I’m offering it to you
are the Captain to what is the most intense assortment of soldiers ever gathered in one place?”
Tony plucked at the buttons on Steve’s jacket a moment. “Me and Mama used to go and pick out ornaments every year. We put our names and the year on it and every year we’d add to the collection on the tree. I’d like to start doing that with you?”
when the frantic noise of searching in the bedroom was accompanied by frustrated curses at not having any condoms readily available and then a shout of
in the morning before breakfast and then once in the shower that was just for me… it was really nice.”
“It’s not what I need, it’s what
His phone rang and Steve’s heart about jumped into his throat. Maybe Tony had been thinking about him as much as he’d been thinking about the Omega…?
“Yes.”
The instant attention from the Alpha was nice in a needy, attention and genuine-compliment deprived sort of way Tony hadn’t realized he was feeling lately and he read the message through twice before putting his phone down again.
. Okay here we go.”
“I would like that.” Tony peeked up from the jacket, dark hair and dark lashes framing the light reflected in his eyes. “And I’ll message back, even if it’s in the morning.”
, typed in his card details and submitted the final payment for the expensive set, then closed his laptop with a smile when Tony blew him a kiss hurrying out the door.
“So those are all commissions.” Tony inclined his head towards the piles of canvas at the walls. “Bought and paid for?”
“Oh my god.” Steve pinched Tony’s side, sighing longing
They were laughing as they re-entered the brownstone and while Bucky went right to Natasha to kiss her and update her on their conversation, Steve looked around and half wondered if Tony had already left. He couldn’t blame the Omega for running, even specially trained black ops teams got uncomfortable when Tasha and Bucky showed up and if Tony had taken the chance to bolt, Steve would just swallow his disappointment and call to apologize.
First the Alpha called just to make sure Tony hadn’t forgotten, then he texted and called a little later to make sure Tony was alright, that the Omega hadn’t gotten in a car accident or anything on the way over. By nine o’clock that night Steve didn’t know if he was worried about Tony or if he was angry about being
“Rest, Tony. I have to go finish the water filtration device before it hits dark.”
“God dammit.” Tony whispered under his breath incredulously and proceeded to shut off the ignition.
Currently, Tony was in one of his fitful rests, head lolling from side to side and tears sliding down his cheeks.
Words were coming in and out of his head now, but they were still garbled and Tony couldn’t put them into a coherent sentence.
It was dark when he initially opened his eyes, but as time went on, he was starting to make out shapes beside and in front of him. The serum helped, but not much. A light to his right kept flickering but was not bright enough nor lighting long enough to make much of a difference.
- were worried about you! You can’t just charge ahead without the rest of the group- and you are out of your suit- are you kidding me-” Steve continued scolding, walking towards Tony with a hand outstretched to help him up.
“Oh yeah, for sure, because you raping me wasn’t harmful enough…” Tony bit back, although Steve could tell that there was a shake of fear in his voice. At this point in time, Justin was directly in front of the genius, Tony having to crank his head back to look into his face.
“No time like the now, Friday.” Tony tread lightly towards the large bunker door, eyeing the design of it to choose the best spot to proceed with his metal soldering.
“Keep your eyes open Tones. I want you to see my face every time I ram into your ass. If you don’t, the Captain gets it again.”
