But as Tony got to the meat of the issue, Steve could only stare at his needlessly jealous husband, dumbfounded.
“One year, for us.”
Steve, however, could barely contain his frustration. “Listen, money doesn’t mean shit to Rumlow. He’s not trying to start a goddamn business, he’s here to ruin your fucking lives and burn this city to the ground. All he needs is firepower.”
As the leading harvesting agent in the company, Steve lived an exceptionally nice life. The physical atmosphere would take some adjusting to, and the food might need careful balancing, but Steve had plenty of resources to provide Tony with a good life.
I popped back to Texas for the holiday, and was reminded that in my past Texas life, I left a copy of
His experience with Steve’s nightmares made Tony responsive to the smallest changes between them, so Steve already knew something serious had happened when he had to shake Tony awake one morning. It was an otherwise forgettable spring morning, with heavy gray clouds weighing over the city and rain tickling the window panes. The sun wasn’t ready to come up yet, but if his husband slept in any longer, he’d be late for his first appointment of the day.
It had already been a tough morning at Q-branch. Four-thirty marked sixty hours since 006’s last check-in. Only Q had been there for every gruelling hour, turning the world over to find a trace of her. A double-oh’s life expectancy was a known hazard of the job, but it had been a minute since an agent was lost without a trace.
“You don’t have to rub it in,” Tony grumbled quietly, and Rhodey thumbed his nose before his smirk turned into a laugh. “Would, would you just call her and figure it out?”
Tony got no other warning before Mr. Perfect bent to scoop up his legs and lift him in a bridal carry. By the time Tony got over the surprise and thought about demanding to be put down they were already across the street. They were on his stoop in seconds rather than minutes, and what could a man say about that besides thank you?
: Description of sexual crime & violence tag also applies here.
With deft, nimble fingers, Steve got Tony out of his suit and tie. The cherished task was long-since committed to memory. After all, Tony’s habit of working to exhaustion had nothing to do with his presidency - the only difference was that these past three years had complicated Steve’s work with countless buttons, and undressing his husband without waking him now approached the complexity of that old-time sadistic game, Operation.
“WE DID IT!” Bucky shouted with a cheer, and Steve couldn’t help but laugh along as he clung to Bucky’s borderline aggressive hug. “We’re free, we fucking did it! No more textbooks, Stevie! No more bullshit!”
“Babe… you know I don’t drive.”
Tony’s head was spinning, but without friction, without
Bucky made a non-committal grunt on the other end of the line. “I bet there’s some kids out there who’ll be happy to know before seeing it.”
Steve had already been waiting for twenty minutes at the corner of 34th and 7th when he saw Tony finally step out of a cab. He found Steve in the crowd at once, and hurried over.
“Don’t give me that! Don’t act like you can’t understand. A Woman is blessed! She has a gift and a potential unlike that of a man,” Steve insisted desperately, and he gestured at himself in his male form with a grimace of disgust as he whispered, “What could I give him like this?”
Tony groaned his pleasure, so deep and so satisfied, and with slurred, happy words, he moaned, “My hero.”
“Thank you,” Steve murmured against his lips, and even though he had to return to his conversation, he reached for Tony’s hand to give it a gentle squeeze.
“Likely, but not confirmed, and not a priority,” Steve replied, fairly succinctly. “Buck, Rumlow escaped Cryo—” when Bucky’s jaw dropped and he looked about ready to start shouting, Steve rushed to hold up a hand and talk over him. “No time for questions: he’s out, and he’s after the person or people who lead the Scraps. We can’t find him on the surface, so I believe he’s down here, hiding among you or in the tunnels on his own. We need to get back and warn your leader right now.”
“The guy’s been writing erotica for two decades, Steve. Unless you’ve memorized all of them, how can you be so sure?”
“Yes, boss,” Carter replied as steadily as she could, “I’ll get it done. Good—uh, good luck, sir.”
“Cause Tony taught him how to open fences, and he prefers to be close to us. He just loiters outside Tony’s window, he’s harmless,” she said, as if it made perfect sense. Then, apropos of nothing, she said, “Howard tells me you’re thinking of marrying my son.”
“It’s like you said, Tony,” Steve replied just as quietly, “where you go, I go. That means no sacrifice plays.”
The memories helped, and when he climbed into the passenger seat of the truck, he could genuinely smile again. Howard gave him a side-long look, but he didn’t say a word as he started up the truck. They took off down an unlit dirt road.
Bucky narrowed his eyes and grimaced in distaste, but at least he didn’t say another word.
Tony gave the blond a quick but appreciative once-over, then with a poorly restrained smirk, shrugged in show of begrudging concession.
He was too close to let go.
“That’s perfect, thank you, Lila,” Steve said with a smile and helped her get the next plate of struffoli into the oil. “Anyway, I thought the macadamia nuts were tasty,” he continued in his earlier train of thought. “Ma always liked the hazelnuts best. I thought we could make a little of all three.”
A little alcove in the hallway leading to the coat room had three doors on it, two for bathrooms, and the third had a sign that clearly stated, ‘Restricted Area - Staff Only.’ Tony couldn’t have cared less. With a firm grip of Steve’s belt, Tony towed him into the alcove and pushed Steve up against the door where he finally, after nearly long two hours of small talk, was free to kiss that knowing smirk off Steve’s sweet lips.
“Steve?” Tony asked then, taking Steve by the shoulders. Steve’s gaze snapped up from where it had caught on Tony’s strong, lean thighs, and he blushed full force at the first realization of what he’d been doing. Had Tony noticed? Was that what he was worried about?
“Close,” Steve replied, without missing a beat. “I’m the editor-in-chief for Shield Publications.”
Steve looked him up and down, considering Tony dubiously. Then, after some time, he stepped back and left the door open for Tony let himself in. He wandered back to his kitchen and made a show of tossing his coffee out in the sink and going around to turn off his TV, all for Tony’s watchful eyes. Finally, Steve snatched up his leather jacket and came back to join Tony at the front door.
After all this time, all of his memories were still there, but they were strangely out of reach. Steve knew every piece of the apartment, from the shade of the mismatched wallpapers, to the hairline cracks in the kitchen floor tiles, but it somehow wasn’t his home anymore. Even his childhood room, now cramped with all of his boxes and bags from college, felt strange to him. He lost his virginity in that bed, and now he slept in it as a working adult.
It was one of the earliest success stories of the unification, and Tony listened to Agneta talk about how she had seen the city’s spirits and sense of community lifting through her children. To theoretically understand the importance of nature and recycling is one thing, but to see first hand the magic of seasons, of little seeds that grow into strong, nutritious wheat, or kid goats who so freely play on sheets of ice, those were few of the many lessons Friedstadt had never known before unification.
“Come with me,” Steve whispered, taking Tony by the hand and leading him around the back. Any coordinated movement was challenging, and Tony couldn’t stop staring. The house wasn’t as simple as the facade made it out to be; the villa’s side stretched far ahead of them, and it wasn’t until they were all the way around that Tony realized the house had wings. The two lateral wings created a generous alcove which had been turned into a private garden with marble flooring and walls decorated with beautiful hand-painted tiles depicting whimsical landscapes and playful animals. The marble porch extended away from the house, creating a smooth walkway and a short series of steps that reached a deep, wide-set pool.
“They finally found Giordani’s car, hauled it out of the East River,” he said and got up for his coat. “It’s on its way to the lab, I’ll call in if anything turns up.”
Steve looked caught between hopeful disbelief and confusion. “I don’t understand,” he finally admitted. “How?”
Tony had ever experienced. He hadn’t even gone for his precious monster dildo that he kept for the most special occasions, since this was meant to be for Steve. He didn’t need Steve to know Tony had one (or more) dildos longer and fatter than Steve’s cock. So he went with a tried-and-true average dildo that was passably realistic, which hopefully would make it easier for Steve’s future fantasies.
Before Tony had to wonder what he meant, Steve’s hand slipped down past Tony’s hips and cupped his ass in greedy handfuls. Tony’s teeth scraped over his own bottom lip as his gaze swept down to Steve’s mouth and up again.
Steve startled awake to the unusual sound of his phone ringing. Even groggy from sleep he recognized that waking up to the sound of his phone ringing was a bad sign, and he groped for his phone in the hopes of answering before it woke Tony up, too.
“I’m gonna check it out,” he announced before Steve had to ask.
“I think it’s cool, look at all the space it saves,” Tony pointed out, and his sincerity almost brought Steve to tears.
On the rare occasion that they ate outside of the palace, Pepper usually arranged for them to have two hours of absolute privacy by vacating a part of the restaurant in advance. When Tony was informed that their upcoming date would be such an event - and that the planning had happened without his awareness - he didn’t know what to think. For one fleeting heartbeat Tony feared that his abduction had left Steve shaken and afraid of returning to the palace, but it was such an absurd concept. Steve had experienced years of guerrilla warfare and witnessed horrific crimes against humanity before he reached the age of majority. There was no threat to a man like Steve in Machtberg, and to think he would avoid a place out of fear was a laughable insult.
“You’re not listening to me: it was like fucking a hydra,” Tony continued without pause.
Tony curled into him and nuzzled into his throat lazily. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if Tony faded into sleep any minute.
Tony cursed softly under his breath as his gaze tracked Steve’s lips moving over his lips. “Then I am yours to kiss.”
“You arrive in time to see my crowning achievement,” he purred, patting the armed Scrap on the shoulder. “You see, Pierce programmed me so I couldn’t kill him. But, Ben here can. Why don’t you show everybody what a powerful man you are, Ben?” Rumlow added, “kill the bitch.”
“I am saddened and stunned. As the silver class officer says,” he said in the same calm, serene voice he’d greeted them with earlier, “I pioneered these facilities in order to end the brutality of prison, such that even those victimized by their circumstances into criminal behavior can have a chance—”
Josh paused for a moment, then quietly picked at the one word that had stood out most. “When you say ‘we,’ you are referring to…”
Steve gave his partner a dry look then carried on as if no interruption had happened. “Tony spent this last week trying to understand why a killer would choose those specific scenes out of all his books. The books were all written years apart, the scenes have nothing in common except that they are explicitly sexual, but there are so many other scenes a killer could have selected. He told me yesterday that there is one more thing that ties them together, except he wasn't sure how someone other than him would know their connection. So,” Steve said in conclusion of his summary and turned over the folder with Tony's notes so Bucky could see the excerpts Tony showed him the night before. “These three are excerpts of the scenes used to pose the victims. The rest are scenes that do not fall into the category Tony has identified. He’s thinking, if someone reads these scenes very carefully, it may be possible to separate them accurately.”
“Same old Steve and Tony,” Sam drawled with a knowing glance at Bucky.
Steve cleared his throat. He didn’t mean to scrub his floury, sweating palms dry on his jeans, and he definitely didn’t mean to rub the back of his neck, but at least he caught himself before he did it twice. He stilled his hands at his sides and made himself look Tony in the eye.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve eventually said, “really. I don’t know what to say.”
, and Steve balked so fast he nearly fell out of his seat. He scrambled to his feet in outrage, suddenly needing to put space between himself and
Clint frowned, looking back at Steve over his shoulder with a confused grimace. “That’s pretty messed up,” he wryly pointed out before turning back to what he was doing, throwing a couple of sausages on first. “You ever take a holiday?”
“One stopped code in penitentiary parking lot,” it announced in its gentle, sedate voice. “Doctor Helen Cho. Would you like to assign a coroner?”
This time, when Tony stared at him, he was neither incredulous, nor on the verge of giggling. He stared in shock and open admiration. His positive reaction sustained Steve for some time, but as Tony’s silence dragged on, Steve started to feel less like a partner, and more like an object on display.
When they parted for breath, Steve was on the verge of laughter again. “Perhaps you are right,” he conceded, “but never forget, mein Schafes. It is only my appetite for you that is insatiable.”
“—instead of asking Steve to come to you,” Rhodey finished in a louder tone. He could see in Tony’s expression when the point landed, how his lively excitement waned and paled in understanding.
“Could you point them out? Introduce me? Next time I’m there, I mean,” Tony said. “To remember my books that well, and to be clever enough to put it together, that’s… that’s exceptional.”
“You wish you could get rid of me that easily,” Steve answered sincerely instead. “Do your worst, Stark. I’ll be right here, waiting for you.”
Tony purred at the question, arching his back even with his legs spread, eager to feel more of Steve’s hands on him. “Put me to work,” he whispered in a hoarse, sleep-gravelly voice. “I’m ready to work, Steve, please, put me to work.”
“Sure, Tony’s great. He picks up the tab,” Bucky promised half-heartedly. Without thinking, Steve glared at his friend for even suggesting that was all Tony was good for. Bucky rolled his eyes, but he conceded his mistake. “I didn’t mean it like that.”
“How long has it been?” Tony asked instead, his words selected by natural curiosity before his nerves took the lead.
Holland was far enough south that the brisk spring night felt mild compared to London. Steve wandered along one of the many canals in the city, listening to the ringing in his headphones while he kept an eye on the camera feed on his phone.
His friends, his mother; his education and his service to the university and to the army - everyone who had helped him find his way and achieve his goals were all reflected and honored in some way on his body. Even the man who was not there in person was close to his heart. Under his robes and his dress uniform, kept warm against his skin, Steve wore the gold band that had never met its intended owner.
Tony stared at him, dumbstruck. “You—what?”
“This is what I get for trusting you, is it?” Tony heard himself say to Jane, mostly because it was easier to be mad at her than to acknowledge how close Steve was now. How could a man be that sexy without exploding? Dollars to donuts, a man like that would turn out to be an asshole, a bore, or both.
‘Reveal him by hand,’ he explained. Expose him by active force, lay him bare to the scrutiny of his audience.
Bucky slammed his hands down on the table with a terrible bang, and wide-eyed, Tony jumped back in his seat. “For someone so smart you seem to have a tough time remembering you’re our lead suspect.”
While Steve turned to get the bartender’s attention, Tony placed a blue gift bag on the counter in front of Bucky.
“You had a great career going, babe. What are you doing here? You think you’re smart enough to get Hawley’s internship?” Brock pointed out softly, as if to emphasize how he was only saying it to protect Steve from future disappointment. “You’re setting yourself up for failure, Steve. There’s no way you’ll get the grades to stay here, let alone qualify for competitive internships. I don’t mean—”
Steve was across the room and mostly turned away from Tony while in conversation with Darcy, the gossip columnist. In the span of ten hours he had gone from Tony’s dedicated but polite partner to the most attractive man in Gotham. Tony was still reeling from this new reality he’d been handed, and somewhere in the most uncomfortable, insecure corners of his mind, Tony wondered if last night had even been real. Had Steve kissed him, or was it all a dream? He still felt the soft touch of Steve’s lips against his, the caress of his fingertips, so gentle and yet so eager in his excitement. In their excitement.
Tony snorted quietly to himself. “What I want is a blowjob, but when did I—”
“Yes, Tony. I would like that very much.”
“Tony,” Steve said in a quiet voice, interrupting Tony’s righteous protective streak. “Before… before you do all that,” he continued once he had Tony’s full attention again. “What if… uh. Um. What if?”
He was never supposed to know.
“This long!” Naser said excitedly as he held his hands as far apart as he could.
“Get a move on, Barton. It’s going to be one of those nights.”
There was definitely a part of Steve that wanted to say, ‘you’re looking at her email right now, how hard is it to press
“The next time you go to Alaska, I’m coming with you. I’m glad you’re home, but that’s too far for you to come home the same day.”
Tony had given her a half-smile and moved on without a reply. Questions echoed in his wake wherever he went, growing louder if he stopped for pictures with some event organizers and old friends, but he didn’t answer any of them with more than a smile. The faster he made it through the press, the faster he’d meet up with Steve inside the event center.
“‘That’s it’?” Steve repeated far too calmly, though he frowned around the words and their bitter aftertaste. “With all due respect, during my four-year tenure, Shield has received more accolades and recognition than the prior decade.”
Normally, if Steve had the lousy fortune of having all of his midterm exams stacked at the start of the week, he would have taken the rest of the exam week off to be with Tony. That meant he would either convince Tony to take a break from his work (maybe eat a warm meal, maybe disconnect from WiFi for an hour or two), or if Steve felt particularly tired, he’d poke and prod at Tony until he relocated from the lab to his dorm room so Steve could crash on Tony’s bed while Tony worked from his room. Typically, Tony wouldn’t last more than thirty minutes at his desk before he crawled into bed with Steve, but at least it wouldn’t be Steve’s fault.
He paused abruptly as the server returned with their food and drinks, and they both thanked him and waited for him to leave before resuming their conversation. Steve stared at him like Tony had casually shrugged off the cure for climate change.
They arrived at the Citizen Hotel where Steve’s staff had already prepared the penthouse for his stay. Bucky and Coulson took nearby suites on the same floor and left the exhausted king alone for the night. Steve kicked off his shoes and threw his jacket over an armchair as he rushed into the lounge and dropped into the nearest sofa.
“Mellow greetings, Captain Steven G. Rogers and Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” he said with a deferential bow of his head. “How may I add to the serenity of your morning?”
“Long and short of it is,” Clint continued after a short silence, “the whole, ‘working hard enough to deserve a good life’ line is bullshit. You deserve a good life, period. Until you accept that, you could spend your time earning all the money and recognition in the world, but you’d never be happy.”
“Maniac is imminent,” the cop reported. “Request advice.”
This time, even Tony perked up. “Is there a prize?”
Steve startled on the couch and, for just a moment, wondered if he had heard a voice or if it had been his imagination. With a shrug, he flipped his notebook shut, tucked it under some pillows, then went to go check the door.
“Mr. Rogers’ office,” Sharon answered promptly and politely.
“I have more money than I know what to do with! Spending it with you makes me happy, you said you understood—”
“You made time,” Steve said gently, but Tony could only roll his eyes. That was literally the least he could have done.
“What a waste of milk,” Steve muttered, mostly thinking out loud. If Tony had found another scene that required Steve’s clothes to come off, he wasn’t likely to hear much anyway. “Baby oil looks better and at least you can re-use it afterwards.”
“Not anymore,” Tony sang with a cheeky smirk that caught Steve’s attention. “The next movie will be an Iron Man movie, featuring his trusty sidekick, Captain America.”
kind of experience, no,” Steve said under his breath once he recovered. “Communication. You’re right, Tony,” he said, turning to address Tony directly. “I feel uncomfortable when people stare at me for being different, for standing out. And when they do it because of something you do, then it is difficult for me to—to not be frustrated with you. But I don’t know how to say that in the moment, when I’m angry, in an effective way.”
“I love you, sweetheart,” Steve whispered against the corner of Tony’s lips. “Happy Valentine’s.”
“I busted my ass in grad school for what?” Tony mumbled around a mouthful of his raspberry filled cronut. “I should quit while I’m ahead; Yinsen’s reference could get me in anywhere.”
Driving off with the van would only show his hand and Steve would be no closer to capturing Scorpius. Instead, he reached into the soft innards of each ‘clock’ and tagged each of the with a tracker.
Tony glanced up from his heaping stack of sour cream pancakes and caramelized bananas, as if waiting for Bruce to make his point.
“You’d think their eyes would fall out for all the staring,” Maria muttered from Steve’s side. She never reminded him that she was intentionally keeping him company or otherwise noted how frustrating it all was. She wasn’t the type to need recognition for a job she’d set out to do. Steve did his best to focus on her and adopt her easy nonchalance in the face of all the unwanted attention.
“Don’t give me that, Tony. I know there are bears in Oklahoma.”
“Why don’t you come in? There are some things I’d like to tell you, Tony. Some things I’d like to show you, too. Do you have the time?”
“Thirsty,” Steve explained breathlessly. He tore off the cap and took a long sip before gesturing for Tony to continue. “Go on.”
Later that week, Steve packed a weekend bag and drove out to Tony’s temporary apartment for their first weekend together. It would be a ‘getting to know each other’ weekend, a miniature ‘is this more than an infatuation’ trial. And, if Steve had anything to say about it, a ‘let me show you how grateful I am for all that you did for my friend’ weekend.
“Hm?” Steve grunted, his brow creased an uncertain frown of sleepy confusion. Tony couldn’t tell if he was struggling with the question, or struggling with being pulled into a conversation on the cusp of sleep.
The clear vulgarity in Bucky’s look stopped Steve long enough to side-eye Bucky into relative silence before they walked into Carter’s office. The last thing they needed now was to offend their captain.
“Fuck me, Steve,” Tony begged, bouncing impatiently on the balls of his feet. “No condom, fuck me, fuck me,
He let a few minutes pass before throwing out the Hostess box and letting himself out back into the lobby. There was a small bustle of people in the previously empty building, and Steve felt less out of place as he made his way to Hawley’s office.
As if in concert with Bucky’s explanation, the footage on the screen shifted to an abrupt montage of both professional and amateur video clips of the gates coming down around what was old Machtberg, and the new defensive walls rising from the ground around old Terrini. The Kingdom was sealed, and no soul would pass in or out of the country until it was deemed safe.
“You deserve better,” Tony said when he had collected his thoughts.
Tony leaned up on an elbow, and with a gentle touch, stroked Steve’s stubbly jaw while he spoke. “You know,” he whispered, still panting softly as he caught his breath. “Between you and me, I wasn’t sure you’d still… you know. Want me like you did before. I don’t really look the same.”
Tony couldn’t stand the thoughtful silence. Steve was
“Slow is good, Steve,” his dad promised. “You’re half human, this could all be normal for you, but… just in case it isn’t, you’ll want to know you can trust him.”
“Hang on, my question first,” Bucky insisted, and before Steve could get a word in edgewise, Bucky and Tony shared a look worth unpacking. Steve wanted to call a time-out and see what had just passed between those two, but Tony was speaking again before he got the chance.
“If I ever get married, you’re giving the first toast,” Tony called after her and watched her go.
Thunder rolled in the distance, and the promise of rain was heavy in the air. The stench of wild fungus growths and deep trenches full of sewer water clogged the humid summer night in a waxy and repulsive caricature of fresh air. Tony couldn’t have asked for a better conspiracy of good fortunes if he had tried.
“On Tuesday, I only told the kids about flatworms. All flatworms are hermaphrodites, all perfectly viable as both male and female. But they all want to be the male, because the female role includes staying with the offspring, which means the flatworm that acts as the male can move on and produce more offspring. So, they duel for that privilege using their penises as swords, and the one that loses its penis takes the female role.”
“I’ll help you, uncle,” Lila promised even though her rope of dough was only marginally better than Rhodey’s.
Don't try to act all innocent and sweet, cause you know exactly what it is you do to me (when you tell me how you like the fic!)
“Swelling’s going down, Doc,” Steve replied dryly, but instead of continuing with sarcasm, he lowered his voice and whispered, “Tony, don’t worry. It’s just an old injury acting up again, okay? If I needed anything, I wouldn’t hide it from you. I promise.”
Steve grunted as he tried to sit up, but every part of his body ached in a terrible way and he only managed to roll onto his side. “I would, too,” he replied with a huff of dry amusement. He still wasn’t sure why Bucky had followed him, but he’d been grateful not to do it all alone.
Left to his own devices, Steve dropped his bag at the foot of the bed and took a moment to take stock of his surroundings. Without Tony’s voice, the room was eerily silent. Even on the rare occasion he took holidays, he had only been to cities—to San Francisco, New Orleans, Chicago. This was a silence unlike anything he had experienced, a silence that had his skin crawling and his heart racing. For the first time in his life, Steve couldn’t hear the city—not the distant rumble of passing cars, not the drunks stumbling back home late at night, not the K-9 units barreling through alleyways on late-night sweeps.
The act lasted all of five seconds.
Safe to say, Steve was their all-around biggest fan. He followed both the blog and their Twitter account, and if he had gone through and anonymously answered a few fan questions in his spare time, who could blame him?
“I left you alone for too long, my pet. I will not leave you again. You are safe.”
Steve was just pondering how long one had to wait before ‘boyfriend’ was upgraded to ‘partner’ when the peaceful silence was interrupted by an incoming email chime on Tony’s phone. He slid the eggs onto a plate along with refried black beans, steamed broccoli, and so many jalapeños it made Steve’s eyes water and carried it to the table for Tony.
Howard snickered behind his morning paper. Maria clearly had no compunction about laughing in her son’s face. “Oh, my sweet child. You still believe that old wives tale?”
Tony did his best to keep the vibrator inside Steve through his sudden orgasm, leaving it to massage and milk his prostate to the last drop before easing it out of Steve’s slack body with care.
“I apologize for my untender tone, Steve Rogers. Unsanctioned life terminations are upsetting to us all, but I should not take it out on you who depends on me,” he said in the awkward silence between them. “With genuine effort, I will do my best to make this world more at home for you, Captain. Perhaps you would like to hear some music from your time to feel more at ease? Our oldies station is the most popular station in town, it will not disappoint you.”
________________
“Thanks, Tony,” he said on a soft breath. “Thank you for making me watch it.”
Tony tipped his head to the side and gazed soulfully up at Steve, but Steve didn’t look back. He turned away, shook his head, and pretended his cheeks weren’t burning.
Bucky gave him a long-suffering look that spoke of a lifetime shaped by a meddling mother. “You think you’re telling us something we don't know?”
“In light of this new evidence, it’s become clear to the court that Mrs. Hansen was a minor at the time that she signed the prenuptial agreement, which invalidates the contract. Seeing as the marriage lasted longer than four years, however, we may see a case for an equal division of all marital assets.”
Stephanie had barely finished saying yes when Tony ran to her and pulled her into his arms, and as relief and happiness and profound affection overwhelmed him all at once, he lifted her into the air and spun with her in his arms, kissing her all over her face and her lips between private, whispered promises to love her and care for her.
“You haven’t been back in seven years even though you missed them?”
“No, Tony—please,” Steve promised, walking towards him to close the space between them, but Tony stumbled back, not letting Steve anywhere near him.
“Sam’s right. We’ll need boots on the ground to rule out cheating, and I’m too hungry to run around Boston alone.”
“Not anymore, pal,” Clint said with a smug flare of his nostrils. “It’s our swamp now.”
“Fine,” Tony finally decided, quietly at first, but more clearly as he gained momentum. “You want to get to know me, Steve? You want to learn how to communicate with me? Sure thing: let’s do it. We’ll go to Oklahoma, we’ll go to the ranch, and you can learn everything you’d ever want to know about me and who I am. Meet the family, meet the cows. Bumfuck Nowhere, Oklahoma.”
“I care about you a lot, Steve. And, uh. The idea that you… okay, this is fucking embarrassing, okay, but when you don’t want my money, or you want to pay for us? It’s… it’s stupid, maybe, whatever, but that terrifies me. That’s one less thing I can do for you, or, one less, um. One less way I can be helpful to you.”
Steve stared at him, half pissed, half euphoric with relief. “You’re okay?” he whispered with newfound hope, brushing Tony’s hair from his eyes with a gentle touch to better see his face.
Then, she pounced.
There were only a handful of bench tables, so most of the incoming law students were gathered on blankets on the lawn in groups of four or five. Steve walked around looking for Brock until one of the students organizing the small event told them to find their seats. Where could Brock be? This was orientation for their whole class of thirty-six, it shouldn’t be that hard to spot him.
“Nick Giordani. Amy Nguyen. Tara Jones,” Steve said their names slowly as he laid out blown up copies of their drivers license photos, giving each of them the firm emphasis they deserved. “Do any of them ring a bell?”
To open his eyes felt like a herculean task. He couldn’t bring himself to try.
He came back to bed in time to help Steve ease onto his back to rest.
In the center of the room there was a wide, sturdy platform covered in soft, plump, resilient cushions. There was a sleek contraption hovering inches above the platform cushions, but it looked more complicated than anything Steve used on Tony at home. The mechanical arms that loaded and pumped the canisters were also absent, so it was difficult to imagine which was the front end or even which way was up.
He dropped Steve’s phone on the island counter, and without trying to get his things from Steve’s bedroom, he made a beeline for his shoes and his coat, and walked right out of Steve’s life.
Tony’s expression warmed with a big smile, as if he had a reason to be proud of Steve’s transformation. “It was your rehabilitation during Cryostasis, Steve Rogers. Using the genetic traits of each inmate, the computers identify a skill or trade you are predisposed to excel in that is also projected to be most useful to society at the time in which you are released. Once this skill is identified, the rehabilitation program implants and nurtures each inmate with the knowledge and desire to carry out their training so that when they are released into society again, they can become successful, independent, and contributing citizens once again.”
“I realized,” Steve found himself saying before he’d really had a chance to hesitate. “Of all things I’ve learned about you, Tony, nothing makes me want to get to know you any less. That hasn’t changed since the first day you walked into the precinct and offered to help us get through those letters. But I get that I’m asking a lot. It isn’t fair to ask you to be patient with my preconceived notions about who you are.”
“I want to feel you,” he explained, his voice low and gravely with want. “Not just your cock, Steve: all of you.”
When she pulled up to park at the house, Steve was out of the car like a shot. He didn’t kiss the ground, per se, but he took a moment to quietly thank whoever had been watching over them.
But Steve didn’t get up. He smiled up at Tony and only wriggled closer until he all but crawled into Tony’s lap.
“I don’t want Italian fish: I want Italian pasta, I want Italian
“Procreation is conducted in the lab,” Tony told him matter of factly, turning to face him only to find Steve inches from his face again. He gasped in surprise, then tried to regain his calm to explain. “Fluids are purified, screened, and transferred by authorized medical personnel. For the mother’s safety, children are grown in incubation chambers at medical facilities, where the parents can monitor their growth and visit their children at every stage. It is a peaceful, healthy, and painless procedure.”
. My mom couldn’t move to Mexico with me at the time, and I don’t think she would have let me go if Alma hadn’t promised to keep an eye on me. Even after the show she helped put me in touch with the right people, and she’d insist that I joined their family for dinner every week to check in. She’s family, my second mom.”
“Nick, Maria,” Steve greeted them both as he stepped into Fury’s office. Fury sat behind his imposing desk, ever observant without giving his own thoughts away. Beside him, Maria casually stood in wait, less expressive than their boss.
“Fuck me, if that’s what I’m here for,” he whispered, and watched, spellbound, as Steve’s pupils dilated until his eyes were unrecognizably black, and he could feel Steve’s profuse precum dripping over his own cock trapped in Steve’s fist, and down over his abdomen.
But when he calendar finally loaded, something was terribly wrong. There had to be a mistake. Tony reloaded the page, and again for a third time, until his shock slowly twisted into heartache.
“I—the blast, it got me,” Steve whispered hoarsely. Every word sounded heavy, every breath labored with pain. Tony instinctively took a step back even as he leaned closer, trying to peek under the dark hoodie Steve had pulled over his head.
“No,” Tony insisted. It couldn’t be true.
“Elbow grease,” Steve said simply. “No point doing anything if you don’t do it right.”
Tony grunted from his desk, clearly in the middle of something, but he still humored his little robot. “What do you mean, buddy? You miss Steve?”
“Rails would save you the cost of investing in highways. Our trains run on clean energy, they require minimal maintenance, and we could connect even the smallest villages to bigger schools. That way every village doesn’t need a school immediately, but the children would still receive an education. We could focus our resources on hospitals and expanding local government - vocational training for the adults who are too old or disinterested in returning to an academic education—”
Sharon frowned a little, intuitively knowing that those were pretty tragic words without being able to put her finger on why. “Don’t sell yourself short,” she said instead. “He’s clearly enjoying himself. Wasn’t that a direct quote?”
Tony stared at him for so long Bruce started to turn red.
“Some eggs for us,” she said and handed Tony one of the plates of carved wood, then sat down two roasted turnips in a bucket for Clint. “And turnips for you. We were running out of turnips,” she explained, a little quieter, “we need to start eating different things, or we’ll soon run out.”
“Alright,” Steve cleared his throat. “None of you stay later than you must today. I don’t have a good feeling about the next few days.”
“He wants to divorce me.”
“I’m having dinner with my family, Tony,” Steve replied as calmly as he could. “Now is not a good time.”
“I know that look, Tony. You don’t care what I think,” Steve said without an ounce of irony. “So what is it you want to do?”
When they inevitably crossed into the Eastlands where Clint had first escaped the clutches of the tribe’s Chief, they were captured almost immediately. The Women came upon them in the dead of night, and Stephanie had not yet called her dragon to them for their nightly rest. Clint’s ears lay down flat in his sudden terror, and while Tony did what he could to stay close to the fearful donkey and assure him that the Women would not separate them, Stephanie placed herself between them, determined to shield them from the warriors even though she was unarmed herself.
The flowers were stunning. How Tony had found a blue flower in a shade so close to Steve’s own eye color Steve would never know. The four days Tony was away on a business trip to California had left Steve’s life so quiet, but trust Tony to surprise him during their short time apart with such a romantic gesture.
women, I’ll be a shoe-in for the job.”
,” Clint said again, and whatever Tony was going to say was lost in a powerful gust of wind that blew down from directly overhead. Both men looked up into the sky to find Stephanie’s black dragon descending into the swamp beside them. With her head lowered and eyes downcast, she lumbered to them until she was close enough to lie down with a huff and nose at Clint’s hip for attention.
There, glued to the shattered cover of the false outlet was a wireless camera no bigger than a thumbdrive.
“Then why don’t you suggest someone,” Bruce said with a huff. “I’m doing all the work here, and this isn’t even my damn problem—”
The problem was that Tony wasn’t some spy, and he wasn’t a masterful liar. Bucky saw right through him, and clearly felt no compunction about laughing at Tony from across the workbench.
“Tony, how is Tony?” he choked into the phone, breathless. “Rhodes?”
“You mean, what are the odds I don’t recognize a butt plug?”
“Damn, Stark,” Bucky murmured in praise. “Good work, you outdid yourself.”
The man was fighting off a blush, but eventually he managed to speak. “You’re the first American I’ve met in London,” he said, breaking off a small piece of a biscuit. “Do you work around here?”
“Uh—yeah, yeah, it is,” Tony said, mustering a fake smile so that he would at least sound pleasant over the phone. Steve didn’t need to know about his suspicions yet, but for the sake of future discussions, he turned the phone on speaker and gently laid the phone down on his desk.
“Don’t give me those Bambi eyes, I’m a married man,” Sam smirked wryly, then with a final pat on the shoulder, he said, “her Beretta and her lip gloss are on the block. If she brings the bike back, she gets the Aston Martin with the seat warmers; if she doesn’t, she gets the Jag with the automatic transmission.”
Tony chanced one last furtive look after Bruce to be sure he was not looking their way, then before Steve had a chance to move, he took to the ladder quickly and started the downward climb.
“Hey, hey, hang on, pal,” Clint interjected loudly before Stephanie spiraled out of  control. “Look, you’re just gonna have to trust yourself, okay? Men don’t exactly… men and Women don’t exactly do what it is you two are …doing. You don’t hear about a Woman treating a man well, okay? It’s not like he built his house in a swamp for his health,” Clint pointed out. “But, somehow he cares about you, so you’re clearly doing something right. Just… keep doing wh… uh. Stephanie?”
The world was spinning, and it was already more pleasure, more satisfaction from being penetrated than Steve had ever had. Heaven help him, but he wanted more, he wanted everything Tony would give him. As Tony developed a hard, steady pace with his fingers, Steve experimentally pressed his hips back to meet Tony’s fingers.
He ended up signing twelve receipts and walking out of Shake Shack with a free meal. Time to wander down the street and eat his food in peace before calling Happy.
“I’ll—I don’t want to say too much, but it starts with him being ‘institutionalized,’” he told the audience, using the appropriate air quotes. “But we don’t know where or by whom, and he doesn’t know whom to trust. Himself included. And the story that unfolds is him trying to free himself and get back to the life he remembers.”
“My hero,” Tony purred in delight as Steve handed him his plate of food so he could undress for the tub, too.
“Marple! Here, girl!”
He threw together the sugar, oil, and milk, and brought it all nearly to boil before cutting the heat. That, he could leave to cool in its own time, so he went to the bathroom to get washed up, then paused at his computer to go through his emails and address all of Sharon’s questions before sitting back with a manuscript he hadn’t gotten to finish the day before.
“That’s your big turn-on?” Tony wondered innocently. “Being bossed around?”
When the medics arrived, Bruce and Steve helped them lift Tony into the gurney. They patched up his wound with a foam, fed him a tablet to restore his blood levels, and otherwise diligently worked to help the lieutenant with Steve hovering at their elbows with murder in his eyes.
He fired.
Tony’s quiet giggling bloomed into outright laughter at Steve’s outrageous threats. “What does that even mean!”
A cold, chilling panic clawed down his neck. He sat up, frantically scanning the room, but his ring was nowhere to be found. He couldn’t breathe; he couldn’t think - he was about to accept the worst when the memory of putting it in his pant’s pocket while changing suddenly came back to him. The debilitating pressure around his lungs eased to let him breathe, calming his galloping heart, and soon even his numb fingers felt as good as new again.
To quickly describe the jump we just did:
“Park it in the ditch,” Tony suggested, pointing to a clear spot behind them. “Just tuck the back half in, and turn the wheel out.”
He does too many of his own stunts, he’s a great actor, he looks insufferably and unfairly good, and now he’s a gifted artist, too?”
Despite his limited range of motion, Steve was still trying to see what Tony meant by ‘breathe,’ when a light, blunt pressure replaced Tony’s fingers.
“Next Tuesday,” Steve replied, matching Tony’s quiet tone. “Come with me?”
Steve bit down on his lip to keep from grinning with his embarrassing abundance of excitement, and quickly hopped off his stool to follow Tony’s lead.
If Tony didn’t know any better, he’d even say Steve carried him the last ten floors all by himself.
“Not if I marry an American first.”
“We reside on the 54th floor, Steve Rogers,” Tony told him then, a little too matter of factly for Steve’s conscience. “I have procured you a domicile down the corridor from my own. I have also coded your palm print as a double of my own: what you wish to purchase, you may, wherever you wish to go, you may to the extent that a silver class adult may.”
“First of all, it’s Sarah, or mom,” she reminded him gently, then with a big smile, she held up her glass for a toast. “And second: a toast to us, my dear, and all the best worst stories we can get through before Steve gets here.”
The rock found its mark between the beast’s eyes with perfect accuracy, and he crumbled to the floor with a fallen log. His end was the spark that lit the fuse. With a roar of vengeful rage, the handful of villains rushed at the dozen waiting Scraps. The Scraps has the advantage of numbers and perhaps even weapons, but their enemies were twisted with decades of hate and a lifetime of crime. They fell back in the first onslaught, but as Natasha and the super soldiers regained their footing, the tide of battle began to turn.
“I’ll take my chances.” Tony pushed his shades back into place and skipped up the stairs to the Shake Shack. It had already been a long day, and he deserved a damn milkshake.
“That’s, no—thanks, Thor, but that’s not necessary,” Steve repeated a number of times before Thor stopped inviting himself and his girlfriend where they were very much not welcome. “That’s not exactly, uh—thank you, but that’s outside the scope of this meeting. All I want to do right now is tell Tony how I feel and, and see how he feels about me. About us.”
Steve worked the same hours every day, six to three. He would take the time to make dinner, and then busy himself either with a crossword puzzle or a book until Tony came home. With the exception of one night where Tony didn’t have enough brain power to climb the stairs and they had planted on the couch to eat dinner and read
He took a moment to confirm that the van hadn’t moved since it parked the night before, and that the clocks were all still in the van. The way those dimwits had drank when they’d finally gotten into town, Steve wouldn’t be surprised if they were nursing hangovers through Sunday.
“Stop, please, please stop right now,” Tony mumbled through pursed lips, genuinely trying not to laugh in Steve’s face.
“Stephanie is right,” Tony agreed when Clint seemed to wheeze in complaint about not using their most effective weapon. “You said it yourself, Clint: How many men who have searched for Stephanie do you think have done so with genuine compassion? It’s gotten us this far, we can’t stop now.”
“I don’t actually think I’ve seen irises before, I’ve never been this close to them,” Steve admitted, a touch bashful. There was nothing embarrassing with this being his first time near irises, or even being a man who received flowers. But if you’d asked him the night before, Steve would never have thought that being surprised with flowers - and such thoughtful flowers, where someone clearly took the time to find flowers the same color as his eyes - could make him feel
“Let me stop you right there: I don’t wanna know,” Bruce cut in before anything too vulgar was shared.
Tony, who only stood a few feet from Steve’s bedside, could only stare back in wonder.
“I upgraded my phone last month, but that doesn’t feel new anymore,” Tony hummed to himself thoughtfully, looking over at Steve as if Steve’s expression could remind him of what his answer should be.
Tony was still wiping down the hood after making his final adjustments. She was too beautiful for even one oily little fingerprint. His first carte blanche project, a custom built Aston Martin with one of a kind stealth technology, scrambler, and entirely water-proof. Manual transmission, all the bells and whistles. He called her Lucy, because who could resist falling in love with her?
“And they will have that chance, Mrs. Hansen,” Natasha promised her in a gentle tone as Mrs. Hansen fought back tears. She offered their client tissues and gave her a moment’s peace before continuing. “We will do our best to make this as painless as possible, and soon you and your children will have every opportunity to begin a better life together.”
“Yes, children, what is it? I’m busy,” she said impatiently, holding a cream-covered spatula in one hand.
Suddenly, this was all wrong. There was nothing organic or romantic about any of this, nothing special or worth remembering. Was this how he was going to declare his affections to Tony, in socked feet in some random hotel on a promotional tour for their movie? They were hanging out as good friends, eating lunch and watching TV.
“Right. The one who’d stuff newspapers in his shoes,” Steve added quickly, grasping for details that Bucky might remember from their childhood. “My mom’s name is Sarah.”
Tony stared at him, shocked. This was information he needed! He wanted to ask why—what was so exciting about bottoming, what did Steve like so much about it. He wanted to ask how he was so sure that Tony, who had no experience either way, could give Steve what he so clearly wanted. Suddenly the pressure felt staggering and impossible in an unexpected direction. Worse still, now there were two things Tony felt unprepared for! Two very important duties that nobody else could help him with, no books he could study or tutors who could help him. Not for the first time he toyed with the idea of crowdsourcing the details from actors in adult entertainment or from licensed sex workers, but if word ever got back to Steve about it, Tony would never hear the end of it.
A car pulled up in front of them, and before taking her ride, the young woman hugged and kissed Tony goodbye. He watched her go with a fond smile.
“It’s him,” Steve said and held the ringing phone between them, as if he suddenly didn’t know what to do with it. “What do I say? He probably thinks I’m home, if I—”
“I don’t care how expensive they are,” Tony whispered in his unrecognizably older, darker, and deeper voice. “Anyone harrasses you like that, or touches you, you can always push back. I don’t care how deep their pockets are, or how vicious their lawyers are. Mine are deeper, and mine are the best.”
Tony’s answering triumphant smile would have left Steve weak in the knees if he hadn’t already been sitting. All at once, Tony crowded into Steve’s space on his hands and knees, occupying Steve’s entire world so effortlessly. With every fiber of his being, Steve felt all the pressures of the world fade away as he let his eyes slip shut and yielded to Tony’s covetous lips.
“That is not how the archival discs commemorate his sacrifice, Jane Foster. Crossbones was an evil unimaginable even in their period for unthinkable crimes. He was not like Johann Schmidt, with his clear, if disturbing, agenda. If these archival discs are to be believed, then Crossbones taunted the Captain; he rejoiced in his own crimes! Violence was pleasurable to him. How a man so far out of his time would react to such lunacy… it is impossible to guess, Jane Foster, even when a man is as brave and valiant as the good Captain. But to the rumored circumstances of his imprisonment, I have no answers. Only gold class officers have sanctioned access to the case files, including the sentencing statements of our extraordinary Captain America.”
The lustful glint in Steve’s eyes softened into an affectionate gaze, and he crawled a little closer to brush his lips over Tony’s in an adoring kiss. “You say plenty, sweetheart. Besides, today’s your day,“ Steve assured him in a playful whisper. “It’s my turn.”
“Thank you, but I’m good with the cab. You know,” Tony whispered then, almost secretive with his confession. “I really enjoyed your surprise tonight.”
Steve’s quiet laugh grew into a deep-throated chuckle, and he turned his head to press a soft kiss to Tony’s ear. “Sweetheart, it’s only Tuesday.”
“We are,” Sharon told him coolly, and her two friends turned to look at him with equally sour expressions. “But it’s a costume party, you probably wouldn’t want to come.”
. “So, we are back with an action-packed fourth installment. The good Captain, handsome as ever and at the height of his powers, and we have everything we can expect of a massive blockbuster. But, this may come as a surprise, ladies and gentlemen: under those smart three piece suits and grungy workshop sweats, what do you know? We have a pretty fit and spry Tony Stark, as well.”
“I got her,” Steve promised and scooped her away in one big palm, and it was only by the skin of his teeth (or the added clarity of his third cup of coffee backstage) that Tony managed to brush off the sudden absence of puppy and return to Karl’s question.
“Oh yeah, they’re super fast. Giraffes wouldn’t fight lions unless they had to, they would rather run,” Tony first assured Flora. “But you’re right, Harvey, cheetah’s are the fastest animals on the planet. There are a few birds that are faster, but I personally don’t really think that’s fair, because their bones are hollow and cheetah’s have solid bones.”
“Give it to me, Steve—come, fill me with your come, fuck me full of your come—”
Hearing his first name so casually used to address him turned Tony into a blushing mess. He licked his lips and placed his own helmet on the couch beside him as he tried to focus on the conversation and understand Steve’s concern. “I’m confused,” he admitted with a soft tremble in his voice. “I thought you wanted to make love. Virtusex has been proven to producer higher orders of alpha waves during digitized transference of sexual energies, and this is the most reliable model on the market. Was the visual not satisfactory?”
“Is this some big joke? Make fun of the Superman fanb—”
“Appreciating the view,” Tony replied as he slid his hands up the back of Steve’s thighs to frame his thick and sinfully unblemished ass. Tony’s hands were big, strong and nimble enough to build anything, with long, clever fingers that could solve problems even his eyes couldn’t see. But even for him, this ass was a lot to handle.
“Steve!
“Kiss,” Steve groaned against Tony’s collarbone, and when he put Tony on his back, Tony’s legs instinctively fell open to cradle Steve’s body, making the perfect intimate space for him to slide in between his thighs. Steve got his big hand around both their cocks, holding them firmly together as he thrust greedily, moving in a slow, dry slide to take the worst of the edge off.
Steve gave him a look, then picked up the two mostly-melted ice bags and put them in a bowl on the side table. “A light rub-down wouldn’t hurt. Since you insist.”
“And Tony knows you like him?”
Between Tony’s directions and the Q-branch scientists’ help fetching tools, the impromptu virtual dissection quickly became the only viable lead on Scorpius. In the end, Tony confessed he’d never seen a design like it, but his best guess was that the bombs were real and triggered using specific radio waves. Scorpius would only have to send the signal on a predetermined frequency to activate the bombs. If both (all twelve) bombs were queued up to the same frequency, they could be activated at the same time, but there was no way to know unless they looked at the detonators individually.
He packed up in a hurry and made his way to Hawley’s office.
Bruce’s eyebrows climbed up his forehead. “Oh, man. He’s so screwed,” he said, not without pride, “if there’s anyone who can be a real asshole in public, Tony, it’s you.”
“Escaped after a
“So,” Tony drawled quietly, glancing at the sleepy little dog before looking back at Steve. “You know who I am?”
“Gentlemen, please,” Dr. Odinson said in an effort to rein in the conversation. Neither Steve nor Tony paid him any attention.
“And they look good, too,” Bucky agreed as he took Steve’s abandoned post to peer into the oven beside Tony. “Do they have any filling?”
Steve reached down to run his fingers through Tony’s soft hair as the stoic Graekol concluded the section of legal concerns and moved on to the typical physical problems. Tall, illuminated panels turned on all around the audience with graphic visual evidence of various side-effects of trusting poorly conducted private harvest masters.
“Seven months, Steve,” Tony reminded him, rolling onto his back. Steve followed his motion without thinking, slotting in between Tony’s thighs and settling on top of him like he had never left. Tony grinned up at him in his mischief, bringing his legs up to gently squeeze Steve’s sides between his thighs.
“That sucks,” Bucky observed, then with a solemn expression he looked across at Steve. “Sorry to hear that, Stevie.”
“I know someone,” Tony said then in a slow, thoughtful voice. “He comes highly recommended. We’ll go to him and talk, and, and hear what recommendations he has. If he thinks this is something we can work on, and you are willing to work on it… okay. One chance.”
“Tony!” Rhodey snapped, but then quickly shut his mouth. He closed his eyes and took a deep, steadying breath before trying again. “I’m not having this conversation with you when you’re thinking with your little brain, Tony,” he said with a strained calm. “Unless you’ve created some kind of invisibility cloak, or retro-reflective clothes, I don’t think Tony Stark will go unnoticed anywhere in Boston.”
In the far corner, to Brock’s right, Phil looked red around the ears. Steve couldn’t tell if he was embarrassed, irritated, angry, or sunburned, but he didn’t look that happy.
Steve turned in Tony’s arms so they could both watch the school children hoisting their trophy in the air with great delight. “This is a greater reward,” Steve said quietly. “Look at them. They will not soon forget this day.”
“We wouldn’t be so worried about you if you came home every once in a while,” Clark reminded him gently, and somehow he managed to make it sound reasonable and sincere instead of the guilt trip Steve knew it was. But that, Steve had realized, was a Kent family super power, and it had nothing to do with Kryptonian biology.
Steve should have been happy for his friend. Tony had gone out, found another consenting adult for a satisfying night. Steve had no right to feel jealous, he told himself, and even if Tony suspected how Steve felt, he was not the petty kind of man to get involved with other people to make Steve jealous. It wasn’t Tony’s fault he was the first and only man Steve had felt this way about, that Steve still had no idea how or why his libido had imprinted on Tony of all people. After all, Steve had many objectively handsome, attractive male friends besides Tony, but it had never happened.
—of careful consideration? Why wasn’t
“You’re not doing anything like that, are you?” Bucky asked outright. Steve’s eyes grew to the size of saucers, and his heart leapt with sudden gusto. In that moment, he could have climbed on top of the counter to declare to the whole world that this man was his best friend;
Steve startled back to the present and forced his attention back on Tony and Natasha. “Sorry, something just came to me,” he lied, even though his ex and his partner were the last people to fall for it. He wasn’t even sure which of them had spoken a second ago. “Can you say that again?”
They were in the air on their way to Seoul when Steve received Tony’s reply. Tony had recorded a short video in the dim light of the full moon on a stroll through the palace grounds. Steve could see the stars in the clear sky all around his husband; their beauty couldn't compete with Tony for his attention, but it was a pleasant thought to imagine Tony enjoying the fresh air on such a pleasant night. As expected, Jim had gotten no further than praising Maribel for her dazzling creativity and captivating performance. Tony confided in Steve that Lila seemed unexpectedly blue in Steve’s absence at the art exhibit, and that she’d insisted on pasta for lunch. Steve burst out laughing when Tony admitted they both ordered Steve’s favorite meal, mushroom ricotta ravioli. As the palace lights came back into view, Tony wished him a good night, peaceful rest, and reminded Steve how much he was looking forward to hearing from him soon.
“I should go,” Tony whispered. He could barely meet Steve’s gaze anymore, and the sudden shift from the confident, motivated Tony Stark to this bashful, anxious man left Steve wishing he could do more.
“I told dad I’d call when we landed. He’ll be on his way—” Tony started to say as he unlocked his phone, but Steve shook his head before he made the call.
It was a very serious question, expect Steve seemed to find it funny as hell.
Steve frowned a little to himself, and finally looked up at Clint to give him a flat, tired stare. How many people told him he didn’t have a life? How many people told him he’d die alone?
going to be a performance, because all we're sharing is two dates—maybe three! Then I’m dumping him and moving on to the next willing target.”
“I appreciate it, Sharon,” he said as he slowly sorted through his jumbled thoughts. “I’ll let you know either way, but I really appreciate it.”
Tony’s lips curved up with a hint of a smile, but he took a drink of his beer and didn’t say anything.
As often was the case, it was Steve who noticed the change first. In difference to Steve, Tony slept peacefully. If he slept facing Steve, he’d be on his side with his head pillowed on Steve’s chest, one arm thrown over Steve’s middle and the other curled behind Steve’s broad shoulders. When he faced away, he pressed his back flush against Steve’s warm side and loosely hugged Steve’s arm, trapping it close to himself so he could use Steve’s upper arm for a pillow throughout the night. Neither of them rolled or spread out in their sleep; at worst, Tony sometimes nuzzled too much into Steve’s thick bicep and created a gap between their bodies that inevitably woke him from the unexpected chill of his bare back.
(skin).
A faint click told Steve he’d been taken off of speakerphone. “Steve, is that you?”
“You do that often?” she wondered with a morbid curiosity.
“Or maybe he’s a divorce attorney who wants to save face by refusing to admit he’s just as bad as his clients,” Sam chimed in with a touch of objectivity.
Tony couldn’t have guessed whether seconds or minutes passed by, but eventually, Steve returned with a small tube in hand. He knelt before Tony’s cock, and Tony squirmed as he watched Steve rubbing lube between his fingers, taking the time to warm it up before touching Tony again.
Tony pressed in with a slow, steady pace. He didn’t stop to let Steve adjust until he had bottomed out. Steve did his best to relax to receive him, but Tony’s cock was thicker than he had expected, and nearly twice as long as the vibrator. It was all Steve could do not to claw at the sheets or his pillow.
“Our fearless leader and his menial drudge. Please, do come in,” Sitwell welcomed them with a false smile, before shamelessly returning to whatever currently entertained him on his desktop.
Tony openly glowered at Steve. There were no words he could say that were allowed on the air.
“Oh, no,” Tony sighed softly to himself, and Steve wanted to scream. Anything, but the tired pity. This was the moment where Steve would hear how Tony had changed his mind, how he and Channing motherfucking Tatum were going to give it another try.
“Oh,” Tony managed, as astute as ever. Even better: high-pay, high-status gorgeous man who didn’t even bend over to the stress and crazy work hours doctors had to deal with. He was probably already married to some equally stunning trophy wife who spent all her time with personal trainers at Equinox or eating sashimi for breakfast or swimming in lemon peels to maintain her glossy
Steve startled at the sound of Tony’s voice, and he choked on a quiet gasp in his surprise.
“No—well,” Tony cleared his throat, and if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d swear Tony was blushing. “That was different. I thought… it’d be fun to build something. With you.”
“They are Scraps, voluntary outcasts from our peaceful society,” Pierce answered Steve with measured words. “They cower in abandoned tunnels and sewers, where they live off the scraps they find or steal.”
Tony couldn’t help but wonder even as he stared at the thawed Captain himself.
Without much fanfare, Tony pulled his shirt and his jeans off and climbed into bed with Steve. He had wrapped some of that ice from Steve’s freezer in a hand towel, and that was the extent of the romance they shared their first night together in bed: Tony pressed against Steve’s left side, pressing the cold compress against his bruised body, while they talked quietly together about anything and everything.
Talking about Steve and their relationship on camera was dangerous business, people saw too much too easily, and Tony wasn’t willing to share much. So he pulled himself together and changed gear before Stephen had a chance to ask anything else about America’s favorite Captain.
If Steve wasn’t excited already, he was outright gleeful when Rhodey took him around to the operating stand. It looked a little like how Fisher Price would reimagine an airplane console for toddlers, but Steve wasn’t going to let that stop him.
Tony stared at him for a moment, as if waiting for all of this to be a terrible joke. But when the punchline (or simply, the punch) never landed, it all started to sink in, and he took a few stumbling steps to the left to perch on the sofa’s firm armrest for support. He glanced up at Steve, still in disbelief, and absently sipped some of that coffee for some strength (and for something to do), until he finally made up his mind.
In lieu of being absorbed into the earth’s crust of fellow half-wits, Tony gave himself two seconds to freak out by curling in on himself and rubbing his hands over his face, but then he took a deep breath and quickly sat up in his seat.
“Steve, Sharon was my girlfriend at prep school,” Brock explained. “We got back together over the summer at my grandmother’s birthday party.”
“Oh,” Tony whispered, audibly taken aback. It took him a moment to continue. “So soon? It’s, um. Can I help?”
“If we can prove it,” Maria pointed out. “No drug test, and he denies cheating. And she wants full custody.”
“We’re going home today,” Tony talked right over her, powering right through her perfectly valid anger. “We need to reschedule tomorrow and Friday’s meetings: we’re going home—”
“I’m Steve,” Mr. Perfect said with another dazzling grin. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Nowadays, a lot of that happens through social media,” Tony said, sitting up and leaning forward as his hand gestures increasingly became part of the conversation. “What headline gets retweeted and shared on Facebook, what do our readers choose to respond to and comment on. Many people still write emails to the editors, either to compliment someone’s work or tell them to fuck off.”
“And, if you don’t know the answer or understand the question, they just kick you out? That’s normal?”
A quiet sound escaped the other man, and Steve stopped in his tracks to make sure he wasn’t crying. He stepped back into the bathroom and let the door shut behind him before realizing the man was trying to hold back laughter.
“The legal discourse will be tangled at best, I cannot deny that this is unprecedented, but no man—”
“Sorry, Steve,” Brock said quietly, and Steve left him his preferred double chocolate muffin on the table for him before he gathered his basket, mumbled a goodbye to the group, and left, completely deflated.
The water bottle jerked in his hand and, to Tony’s horror, it gleefully tipped half its content all over the person he’d bumped into.
“And the criminals they pertain to,” Tony agreed, equally frightened and overwhelmed by his realization. “Thaw them and bring them into our world rehabilitated with any skills he wishes.”
“Mein Schafes, Coulson is already estimating that it will take longer than expected. We has scheduled two meetings at the capitol, and on our return to Consone, we will stop in Brussels,” he explained to his reluctant husband, “perhaps in Paris as well.”
Steve grinned like a fool. Like that was a question he’d ever have to think twice about. “I’d like that, Tony.”
“You didn’t know him, babe,” Tony assured him, turning the shirt over in his hands to see if maybe there was a way to wear the fucker inside out instead. “Hey, uh. Babe? How important is a shirt?”
Damn his luck.
The elevator came to a halt on their floor, and Steve stumbled after Tony’s lead down the hall. “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph,” he rasped, scrubbing a hand over his face. When had he started sweating? “I thought I was gonna go away for assaulting someone expensive.”
“You can’t say things like that when we’re hours away from home,” Tony whimpered into his mouth. “I’m still wearing a jacket. Where’s yours?”
Steve hummed thoughtfully for a while as he chewed his sandwich. “None of them were invited to CERN, were they?”
“You thief,” Steve moaned, spreading Tony’s ass with both his hands to get a better view of the red gem Tony had smuggled from their treasure. Steve turned and wiggled the plug in Tony’s ass until Tony’s soft gasp told Steve he’d found his spot. Then, slowly and with care, Steve pulled the steel plug with the ruby gem out of Tony’s ass, pausing only at the widest point to give it a slow twist.
“I will need updates every four days,” Yinsen said after some moments of silent consideration. “De-identified profiles on each date. Full draft in twelve days, publish in fourteen. Good; go.”
They found Pierce and Rumlow in Pierce’s private office. They were not alone.
She had clearly entered the room for a reason, but she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Steve standing by the bed in nothing but his well-tailored jeans.
His thoughts were still racing when he crawled into bed. No matter how he tossed and turned, Steve couldn’t get comfortable enough to attempt sleep. Finally, he picked up his yarn and his knitting needles, and sought solace in the mindless, repetitive work.
“Your hands,” Natasha finished for him before he cursed in front of a minor. Bucky realized his near-mistake quickly and reached for his cup of coffee instead.
“So much of this character is Tony’s work, and we got to spend a lot of time working through different lines. It wasn’t just a partnership, but we had to find the right balance of push-back and support between Iron Man and Cap, too. You’d be surprised if you knew how much of Iron Man’s dialogue is Tony improvising.”
When he pushed in fully with a three fingers, Tony’s body shuddered uncomfortably, shifting his weight with unease, and Steve’s hand at the small of his back had to apply more pressure just to keep him from crawling away. Steve withdrew slowly and rubbed his fingers together again, generating more lube and letting Tony rest before he tried again. Two fingers slipped in easily again, and he thrust slowly, almost in apology for how he had aggravated Tony's hole moments earlier. Clearly, his first assumption had been most accurate. Gradually, Tony warmed to his touch again, relaxing and letting his thighs spread farther apart in invitation, moaning eagerly under Steve’s touch.
The Harvard Law Library housed some of the finest books in the country. The dignified, expansive building curated every recorded legal case, and - perhaps more importantly - provided tables, study rooms, and nooks for students to pursue their studies in great comfort.
“You don’t breathe a word of this to anyone,” Tony warned Steve in a clipped tone. Steve hadn’t even opened his mouth before there was a quick rap at the door and someone tried the door handle.
“I’m fine,” Rhodey insisted petulantly, but when Tony managed to swap his whiskey out for water, he didn’t really seem that bothered.
“I intended to review my pages,” Tony explained, “but memories stole me away to what is arguably your greatest achievement.”
,” Tony complained as soon as he realized what she was doing, tugging her away gently to stand between her and Steve.
Note: Mention of childhood trauma.
But who was to say the kings deserved recognition more than the scientists and engineers who worked with Tony to advance and fund much of their kingdom’s education and medical care? These scientists were the backbone of the kingdom, as were educators and government administrators, those who offered local leadership and nurtured the future of their people. And what of the children themselves, whose own achievements and confidence were equally vital to the kingdom’s continued prosperity?
Tony, on the other hand, absorbed everything they said without disagreement. He had plenty of comments and alternative interpretations to offer, but not once did he waver in his agreement that these cases were most likely connected. By the time they were all ready to call it a night, Tony had turned their informed hunches and scant, hard-earned facts into a plausible lead.
“Stebe?”
“One of the CERN administrators recommended it,” Tony told him, and Steve’s mischievous side-eye became curious again. “She’s from Greece originally and she said she comes here when she’s homesick. Then I couldn’t stop thinking about moussaka, so you’ll just have to suffer, because I’m craving Greek.”
The ring shone like new even after all these years. Tony turned it this way and, catching something on the inside of the band, he held it closer to read the inscription.
Tony’s mouth fell open in a tiny, unvoiced
Steve snapped his mouth shut and gave Tony a flat look. “How about you stop talking and go fix that fence? Be back by one if you want the rolls hot out of the oven.”
Steve launched himself at the stairs, taking them three at a time to make it to their floor in record time. Bucky had a head start, but the elevator doors were closing just as Steve tore into the apartment.
“Yeah, I’ll get them. Hopefully you’ll find more than I did,” Steve said with a wry smile. He’d put it all aside to get his coursework done, so he left her in the small sitting area while he got the case files out of the bag he’d taken to the library earlier.
Bucky nodded in understanding, and started looking around for an easy exit that wouldn’t tip off the FBI on the scene. “Do you have a key to his place?” he asked quietly.
“Steve! What—she’s dangerous, get ba—” he cut himself off with a sudden wince.
The lights came on all around them, and Steve sat up in alarm as Tony spun around to see a woman approach from across the living room. She was still dressed for the day in jeans and plain cotton shirt under her plaid long-sleeves. She was beautiful, and even from a distance Steve could see so much of Tony in her eyes and in her smile.
Tony husked out a quiet exhale on a breath he’d been holding too long. “Anonymous sex?” he whispered, “or you thinking of anyone?”
“Oh,” Mr. Perfect said in his surprise, then settled to give it serious thought.
Steve grinned against his lips with a hum of delight. “Damn, Tony. So romantic,” he teased, and when Tony snickered quietly, Steve laughed. “Me, too. For the record.”
Not four months later, Steve took him.
“Flora, that’s perfect!” Tony praised and held his hand up at her height for an easy high-five. “You’re absolutely right. And what do you think the weather is like in Africa?”
“I have about fifteen different things that need your immediate attention in the next twelve hours, but I can’t even stand to look at you right now,” she told him. “Fix your tie. Happy is waiting for you downstairs to take you to lunch. Get some fresh air, Tony, some sunlight. Drink some
Stark money made a lot of things possible, including last minute romantic get-aways for a long weekend. They both had a Monday off early in October for Columbus Day, or as Tony liked to call it, Bartolomé Day.
Sam smacked him on the shoulder until Tony took the headset off and looked at him. “You okay, man? You look pale.”
While Tony had learned that many pets were given their own space to live and rest, Steve had never taken that step. Tony was kept in Steve’s nest, and whether they were both tired or not, they would always rest together. It had taken Tony’s circadian rhythm some time to adapt to a world with two suns, and by the second week, they both transition to a life lived in blocks of roughly six Earth-hours at a time: six hours awake, six hours asleep, and repeat.
He didn’t have to tell Tony to stay on the platform. The thought that Tony might disobey him - or that he might try to escape - was laughable at best.
The elevator doors pinged open on the twelfth floor to let Tony out into the newsroom. The smell of fresh coffee and morning pastries warred with an invigorating rush of manic energy and typing. All around him Tony felt his colleagues working on the next big story. He was just like them; he was the worst of them. But for the first time in all his years at The Gotham Gazette, Tony didn’t blindly make a beeline for the next case or to finish the draft of a big story at his desk.
If he was striking and elegant in public, he was breathtaking in private. In the hazy hours before dawn, with the world kept at bay beyond his bedroom door, the alert tension in his posture and flawless presentation gave way to loose limbs and soft hair. Asleep and carefree, the man was almost too beautiful to look at, with his long eyelashes, full bottom lip, and strong jawline. Tony was mesmerized, and would have been happy to continue cataloging the minute changes he could see in Steve’s existence as a private and a public man for hours on end.
“Spin or no spin, and these control the power,” Rhodey was telling Steve, “the joystick is pretty self-explanatory. Hold on, Tony!” he called to Tony then pulled the joystick down to make the bull snap up. Tony hung on easily by his thighs, with both hands off the bull. “Got it? This is the emergency stop.”
From across the room, he saw as the redheaded woman’s lips twitched up in a sly smirk. Not so far from her, Hawley began smiling at him as well.
“You’re getting too comfortable letting me be your go-between, but I could have said it better. I’m sorry, Steve.”
“We burn, our skin burns,” Harvey chimed in.
“That was
. Steve hid behind his beer before Tony noticed.
With a snort that in no way sounded like giggling laughter, Tony very firmly pointed out, “It was
“What’s—what are you talking about? You know Tony,” he whispered in disbelief. “You
“Not much, but it sounded rough,” Tony replied with a wry twist of his lips. “We’ll catch them for breakfast before their flight. Sam looked pretty excited about Paris. Something about eating his weight in cheese?”
Steve chuckled under his breath, leaning back against the pillows piled up against the headboard to settle in as he found a comfortable rhythmic pattern.
Tony snickered to himself and settled back to get into the script again. Steve counted up the yolks in his and Tony’s respective bowls, then added an egg white to his before starting to cook up Tony’s portion.
It wasn’t possible to walk into Steve’s room without knocking your knees into some big, so Tony stood as close to the doorway as he could until Steve could slip in, too, then turn on the light.
Steve bit his lip to keep from laughing.
“I’ve never been more excited to be next to another man’s legs in my life,” Channing admitted with genuine thrill and anxiety, and -
Steve, who had no interest in all the power he so casually held in the palm of his hands.
He always fell for them.
To Steve’s surprise, Bucky looked up and told them, “Rescheduled. Told her it’s a bromergency.”
Before Tony could answer, Natasha had smacked Bucky on the back and hissed a warning under her breath. It was enough for them all to brace themselves when large chunks of concrete and stones were hurled at them from above. The stones had not been aimed at any in the party, but cracked into plank boards the small band of Scraps stood on, rattling the floor and their nerves.
“I printed out examples of photographs other sugar babies used, and even got you your own photographer,” Natasha said with a self-satisfied smirk, gesturing across the bullpen to where one of their better forensic photographers was chatting up a junior detective.
“And you still haven’t,” Tony pointed out, though he shrugged it off just as easily. “How’s the case going?”
“Tony! Tony, please,” Steve choked out past the lump in his throat that seemed to know better. “Please, I’m sorry, it has—that is out of context, please.”
“What makes you think I’m celebrating my first real cheat meal with you?” Steve said with a grimace.
“It’s none of my business, I know, honey,” she quickly said to Steve, who was feeling increasingly uncomfortable by the conversation. Instead, Sarah turned to Bucky with a meaningful look and told him, “Set him straight, James.”
“Steve, if you’re waiting for marriage, I can do that. We can take it as slowly as you—”
Bruce frowned in sympathy, and he remained quiet until he thought of something to say. “Has he surviving family, perhaps?”
From behind him, Tony snickered to himself. “Is this your villain origin story, Steve? A failed date?”
“Oh no, I’m staying out of this. You can tell him yourself tomorrow.”
Did elevators have security cameras? What were the odds that a man like this had enough lawyers to put Steve away for defending himself?
It took him a minute to catch up. He pushed the covers off his face and stared up at his roommate. “Saw what?”
“I don’t know what to tell you,” the man admitted after a beat. “You’re talking to the wrong dude. I moved up here years ago with my woman who was starting business school, then she brings home a plastic surgeon. ‘I met someone,’ she said,” he said with a roll of his eyes. “‘Move out.’ And we’d just gotten here so I didn’t have a job at the time, so I had to.”
“He doesn’t just like you, he trusts you,” Tony told her as if she hadn’t said anything. “It’s kinda weird to ask out someone you out rank, so… you gotta step up. You’ve got more balls than any guy I know,” he added, looking away from Steve long enough to give her a sly grin. “What’s stopping you?”
Icey chills washed over Bruce’s neck when he heard Fury’s reply from only a few feet away. “Your presence is deemed necessary, Lieutenant, in the event that this 21st century animal is incapable of civilized speech. For once, Lieutenant Tony Stark’s vulgar pursuits of leisure may stand to our advantage.”
He hit the Mail button next and got to work. His fingers flew over the keyboard with a mind of their own, and Brock’s grin continued to grow as he realized at every turn that all of this futuristic shit was coming naturally to him. It was as if they’d designed everything in this world to be intuitive to him!
unsaid, again. “It’ll probably be awkward at first, but maybe with time I’ll find the right home for me. Hopefully, I’ll know it when I see it.”
, or—”
“Yes, he did! And with style, even. He’s set a whole new bar for human speed - and I know, you, Channing, you’re very excited to meet him?”
Without a word, without any effort, Steve rolled up and off the couch to land on his knees in front of Tony. Tony stared down at him shamelessly, momentarily stunned by the look of desire in his eyes, and the way the silk robe framed his strong shoulders and his sculpted chest. A gentle squeeze of Tony’s knee brought him back to the present, and it was all the encouragement Tony needed; he obliged Steve easily by spreading his legs to make room for him between his thighs. Steve’s swept his hands under Tony’s legs, pulling him forward and positioning him just as he liked. Tony sat up to pull his own t-shirt off over his head; Steve stretched up on his knees and took Tony by the chin, tugging gently and angling Tony’s head down for a kiss before he even registered tossing his shirt aside.
Obliging as always, Bond made no attempt to quickly finish her off. He knew Tony could not mute the sound, so he retaliated, with interest. The euphoric cries and animal-like groans filled Q-branch, and Tony had every intention of leaving the rest of the office to suffer with him until Q threw a new headset at him from across the room.
They both knew Tony didn’t believe in an afterlife, just like they both knew Steve did. In the early days it had been a source of frustration, but Steve had learned that the idea of an all-powerful creator made Tony uncomfortable in the same way Tony understood how after watching thousands of young soldiers wasted away in battle, it brought Steve peace to think it wasn’t for nothing. Now, Tony only smiled when Steve spoke of his faith. Whether he believed it was true did not deny the intended sentiment.
Sometimes, when Tony felt particularly peeved, petty, and lonely, he wished Steve didn’t work.
The filled canister and cock sleeve were withdrawn from his body and another pair loaded into place. Like the first, the fresh canister fucked into him at a brutal pace, bruising his prostate with every thrust. Tony was on the verge of a second orgasm when the cock sleeve seized around the full length of his cock and massaged it with breathtaking strength. He came with a deep, guttural moan, emptying himself again in the wet cock sleeve wrapped around his erection.
But for Bucky, the world had suddenly turned very, very cold. There was an urgency to the situation that he didn’t want Steve to hear, but as his friend, there was no way to avoid it either.
“Can I help you?”
“You… you’re perfect, Tony, you feel amazing,” he moaned breathlessly into the soft skin of Tony’s throat as he was finally fully seated in the tight, slick clutch of Tony’s body. He paused there for a moment, rolling his hips experimentally before stilling and holding his position with care.
Maybe Steve wasn’t immune to shock yet even after all he’d been through. Was it possible that he could have a natural, human life? Steve wrestled with these thoughts in the aftermath of the Battle of New York, when he saw his teammates move forward in their lives and leave him to his and he’d wondered what a life for him could be.
The right thing would have been to ask Tony for permission to touch him, but Steve didn’t have the presence of mind to form coherent sentences. Like a man possessed, he gently reached under the collar of Tony’s shirt to fish out that familiar ball chain. He ran it over his finger, until his own dog tags fell into his palm.
“There’s nobody coming, so keep your foot on the break and change the gear to drive,” Tony said slowly as Steve followed every instruction very carefully. “Then ease your foot off the break slowly… and pull out.”
Tony must have drifted off at some point. He rolled over in Steve’s arms until they were chest to chest, and Tony could rest his head comfortably on Steve’s shoulder to rest. “Is this a dream?” he mumbled in a whisper, his voice so quiet Steve wasn’t even sure Tony was speaking to him. “You stay with me?”
The room was absolutely silent around him, and Steve cleared his throat in discomfort. Finally, to avoid stewing in the pitiful silence, he continued talking. “I haven’t actually done this, before.”
The conversation took no more than a minute, and soon he was free to review Sharon’s notes on the hiring process, along with her preliminary investigation of their references. He typed up his reply to each of her reports, then finally sat down to slog his way through some prioritized manuscripts until the scheduled interview.
Tony pursed his lips to stifle his amusement, and solemnly answered, “I shall allow it.”
“So you’re not just a fan, you subscribe to Stark Adventures, too?” Tony observed with a casual humor that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “I’m flattered.”
“School’s fine,” Tony promised Steve in a rush, and it was so easy to lean into Steve’s tender hand, to reach for him and hide from choices he didn’t want to make in Steve’s strong arms. “School’s fine, Steve. Long night, that’s all,” he lied while Steve couldn’t see his face. “I don’t know how to iron a stupid shirt.”
Steve shook the thought from his head and turned around to face the front. A tall, grand dame figure in her 50’s was staring back at him from the podium. He wasn’t sure what to do as Professor Stromwell’s gaze swept over him in clear judgment of him, his clothes, and finally, his notebook.
“Our army was unprepared, we were too few to defend the country’s borders. When the war broke out, my grandfather moved our people up the mountain for safety,” Tony explained later that night when it was just the two of them in bed. “There he could defend the perimeter, but it was not easy to grow food. It was a long war, and cows do not fare as easily in mountains as horses. Many farmers abandoned their cows in the first winter. My father was only able to repay their families for their losses after the second war, once we developed our wealth through his military investments.”
“You really mean it?” Tony repeated, and received the same response from Steve. “You’re sure?”
“On behalf of the American people: How angry would you be if I shared that goldmine with Coulson?”
“Could we… talk? In private,” Tony asked as they stepped out of Dr. Odinson’s building, speaking in a measured voice, as if he was worried speaking at his normal speed might spook Steve somehow. “My place, your place, either way.”
Bruce blinked up at him then, and as if only realizing what had passed between them, stared across at his partner with palpable guilt. “My friend, I am sorry—I didn't mean—”
“Why don’t I show you how we did it back in my day?”
Except, who would he call? He wanted a doctor to look Tony over, but beyond such a general goal, the thought of allowing anyone to see Tony so vulnerable made him irrationally defensive. If Steve had it his way, nobody would see Tony until the color was back in his cheeks and his words didn’t slur together.
Without thinking, he pressed back for more. Steve’s hand was still warm on his hip, but this time he didn’t stop Tony’s physical pleas for attention, and instead Tony heard him speak in an encouraging tone to the student currently exploring Tony’s rear.
“No lie,” Steve promised, holding up his hands in further expression of innocence. “I’ll call Cambridge myself and get you the job. Hell, I’ll call Imperial College London, they’ve got a great engineering program—”
“Welcome everyone! All settled? Drinks at the ready as we make our introductions. You see, Miriam has a thing,” he explained, both to the audience and to the three men on the couch. “She doesn’t like to know who she’s coming on with, it keeps things interesting. How are you doing tonight, Miriam?”
, his one big fantasy, with Tony.
“You gave me advice about the professors,” he said in recognition, his lips picking up in a hesitant smile. He reached out to accept the box she held up for him. “It doesn’t come with a cord?”
Tony had less of a problem holding a plank, and while he waited for Colin to find a reasonably comfortable position, he entertained himself with straight knee leg lifts. “If a shot of this doesn’t make it on that website, I’ll be disappointed.”
Tony’s mouth clicked shut and he stared at Steve. “This isn’t funny,” he rasped. It hurt too much to breathe.
“As you wish.”
“You need to open yourself up to 5s and 6s,” Sharon continued. “Attractive enough, but people who have been rejected enough to be sympathetic. And you’re not going to do that,” she added, “in a 200 hundred dollar polo.”
“It’s a fucking miracle the bombs didn’t go off when they were removed,” Tony whispered. “Are you sure they’re bombs? They could be fake.”
?” Steve cried, his arms crossed at his chest one second and fisted at his hips the next. That didn’t just look uncomfortable, it looked
“Take a shower, sweetheart,” he told Tony with a smile. “Eat, get some sleep.”
“Tony—” Steve gasped between needful kisses, squeezing Tony closer against his body even as he tried to be responsible. “Dinner, Tony—”
“It goes with the theme of the day,” Steve muttered with a wry grin on his lips. Steve’s smiles were usually irresistible, but this time Tony found he couldn’t smile back. Spending dozens of hours a week for months on the receiving end of Steve’s expressions, from the subtle to the heartbreaking, he had considered himself quite confident navigating his friend’s moods and faces.
In their respective childhood kingdoms, Tony and Steve both grew up celebrating Christmas, but in vastly different ways. Due to its historic poverty and agrarian culture, Terrini did not develop into populous cities or benefit from widespread post-industrial development. Much like their Catholic Italian neighbors to the south, the people of Terrini celebrated Christmas hand in hand with the church. Its sparse population and scattered villages meant that the church became the uniting institution for all holidays around the year. For Christmas, large, elaborate nativity scenes brought a community together, from the carpenters who carved the trough and the statues, the grandmothers who sewed their costumes, to the school children who painted the lightbulbs and dipped wax candles to decorate the scenes. A pageantry of lights, craftsmanship, and community poured together over potlucks and folk music to celebrate family and community on the holiest nights of the year.
Bruce balked, bewildered. “Why—what? Why are those my only options?”
“You could?” he whispered with trembling words that had sounded much more suave in his head. “What scene is that, Tony?”
“A legal education means you will learn to speak in a new language,” she began, “You will be taught to achieve insight into the world around you, and to sharply question what you know. The seats you inhabit will be yours for the next nine months of your life. Enjoy it. Those of you in the front row, beware.”
“…Tony?” Steve asked after a brief silence. “Sweetheart, are you there?”
Tony listened attentively, but he didn’t have an answer to offer after Steve’s little speech. Instead, he watched Steve with a soft smile, studying his face as if he was afraid he’d forget it too soon.
“Look, I’m not doing anything crazy—nothing that crosses the line,” Tony said, though neither Bruce nor Thor seemed that convinced. “Come on, think about it! Bad nicknames, poor grammar—being clingy? I’m just, doing it on overload to speed up the process. Soon, he is going to snap, and then our readers will get a first-hand account of what a man does to a woman he wants to hurt. Whether it’s verbal, emotional, physical—and, importantly, all the warning signs leading up to it.”
Steve tried not to look too upset about passing the box up to Happy at the next stop light. He didn’t want to part with them, but it didn’t seem like Happy was giving him a ride back to the apartment, so it made sense for the flowers to get their own safe delivery.
A glum looking young man stood in the CompuKiosk he wanted when he finally got back around to what he was after.
“...alright, okay. That’s… sweet,” she conceded, confused, but pleasantly surprised. “How about something more tangible.”
When Steve’s hands skimmed over Tony’s hips and slipped into his briefs to cup gluttonous handfuls of his ass, Tony arched up into his touch. It took a moment to realize Steve had more in mind than self-indulgent groping. Without hesitation, Tony draped his arms across Steve’s shoulders to help Steve lift, pressing himself against Steve’s body until Steve could push the briefs down and out of the way.
“I am so sorry,” he mumbled unevenly between giggles of embarrassment, “it’s—that was
“Anything you want, sweetheart,” Steve promised, as if there was a menu to make selections from, and Tony was his favorite customer. The thought alone made him frown, and he pushed up enough so that he could look Steve in the eyes.
“I have found that it is reasonable, perhaps even cheaper to eat out if one is single in the City,” Thor noted, but Tony only gave him a look that expressed how much he didn’t appreciate being undermined.
“There’s a Zara right down the road,” Sharon answered without even acknowledging his childishness. “We can just pick something reasonable up—”
“I love you, Tony,” Steve whispered, a confession that under any other circumstances would have left Tony elated and so deeply relieved. He had not been brave enough to speak those words yet in his lifetime. “Every chance to see you, to share in your life, it brings me unspeakable joy. But I am not meant to see you,” he finished in a quiet, tired voice. “And I am not meant to share in your life. We can’t do this forever.”
He glanced to his right and found Steve still sleeping on his side of the bed. In the privacy of his own home, Steve was a different sight to behold than he was in public. Out in the world, a hair was never out of place; his clothes, his shoes, and his accessories were striking and elegant. With his manicured hands and his perfectly styled hair, he looked more like a model stepping off the cover of GQ than an average man in the real world.
Tony: sixteen, single, father-issues, chronic masturbator.
Hawley raised an eyebrow and looked at him carefully. “Why do you ask?”
The invitation to have sex had fogged Steve’s mind up with near-delirious interest, and with that one-track mind if his, Steve had been crass and selfish in how he treated Tony’s opinions. And now, when Steve could see the evidence of what would happen when the tables were turned, when Tony was given a chance to either belittle or respectfully accommodate Steve’s differences, Steve found himself staggering under the realization of how much time and effort and money Tony must have dedicated to him in the middle of a stressful day to meet Steve’s every need.
Steve blinked back at him in bewilderment. “Right now?”
“What is that?” Bruce wondered, only loud enough for Tony to hear. Tony glanced at his partner, then took another quick look at the map. He’d been looking at the same part of the city only minutes earlier.
“Is it true, sir, that the Captain succumbed in the 21st to the evil entanglements of the villain Crossbones?” Jane asked in the silence Tony had allowed. “Did he, too, become a villain in the end?”
He was led to a bus stop a few yards away from the bar, where he was shown to a bench he could sit on.
“Then you will lift Clint’s curse,“ Tony reminded her. “And you will unite men with the tribes.”
“You still with us?” Karl laughed as Georgie moved on to the next question.
“Steve’s right,” Pepper agreed in a gentle tone, and she rubbed soothing circles over Tony’s back. The intimacy of her casual touch stung somehow, but Steve cleared his throat and pushed past it the best that he could. This was new, like everything else about a relationship was new, and he would deal with it. More importantly, this wasn’t about him.
“Steve? I shelled out for Neosporin. Let me in?”
But as much as he wanted to hurry and find his salvation in Tony’s heavenly body, Steve didn’t want to miss a moment of it. He sat down on the couch beside Tony, close enough that Tony’s knee pressed against Steve’s thigh and his hand brushed against Steve’s shoulder every time Tony released and clutched at the back of the couch again in feverish anticipation. A dark flush had already colored Tony’s chest, his neck, and his face, and as Steve absorbed Tony’s glazed, needful expression, he couldn’t help but wonder how long Tony’d preoccupied himself with fantasies of how their night would play out. How many meetings had he suffered through with the distraction of his hard cock aching for Steve’s touch? If only Steve had been there with him, Tony would have left the hotel satisfied before his meetings every morning. In a dark fantasy world, Steve could even imagine himself on his hands and knees between Tony’s legs under a conference table, tending to his lover’s needs between one meeting and the next.
Alright everyone, time to pick your own adventure. Two epilogues follow this chapter:
“His clenching jaw,” Bruce remembered, as if the pieces were slowly coming together.
Before he walked away, Steve stood and lifted the folds of his own robe to free his cock. He guided Tony closer and rubbed the wet head over Tony’s lips. Tony opened his mouth immediately, swallowing down Steve’s cock with palpable hunger. Steve didn’t let him feed for long, only giving him enough time to clean the precome from his apathetic cock. The small mouthful was enough to ease some of Tony’s anxiety and stress, but when Steve stepped away, Tony was left mewling pitifully after him. He felt more calm and contented, but he was still too aware of the bodies filing into the room to stare at him and the other pets. He did his best to think of other things, to focus on the lingering comfort of Steve’s taste in his mouth. Contentment, safety. Physical pleasure.
When the next spinning throw had Tony turned to face Steve at the control stand, Tony winked at him with a grin and taunted him with, “You can go harder than that, darling!”
Slowly, Steve started to relax in his arms. Eventually, his eyes slipped shut, and his head relaxed back against the shared support of Tony’s arm and the firm couch pillows. For the first time since the one-sided fight in the theater lobby, Tony had the relative privacy to take a breath and re-evaluate.
“Make it happen, Carter,” he called over his shoulder, barely even invested in the conversation anymore. “Foster first.”
Tony laughed and sat up next to him, pushing the blankets away so Steve couldn’t hide behind anything. But before Steve had a chance to take his t-shirt off, Tony smacked Steve’s knee and demanded, “Turn on the light! I want to see you, babe. Who does a sexy reveal in the dark?”
“Tony,” Steve reached for his hand before Tony got more than halfway off the couch, and with a gentle squeeze and a tug, he convinced Tony to sit back down. “It can’t be that bad. We’re working on communication, right?”
In the safety of his own home, Steve dared to roll his eyes. “Mom, we had a pretty crazy start. When things have calmed down, when we know where we stand, I’ll bring him for dinner.”
On instinct, Steve took two quick, shuffling steps back. Tony might be comfortable with the big grey horse, but Steve needed one hand on the front door to feel even marginally safer.
“I fucking would be,” a voice behind them commented with a huff. A chill ran down Steve’s body from a long-repressed memory he really didn’t need to be reminded of; before he could snap out of it, Tony had whirled around in his seat and snarled at whoever had addressed them.
Steve considered his question as he pumped two slick fingers deep into Tony’s body, massaging his prostate and scissoring him open. Tony arched into the touch and keened with pleasure, beautiful and responsive as always.
For centuries the people of Marham gather at her shrine to pray, to seek comfort, and pay homage to their protector. Invoking Brigid’s blessing in the festival of Imbolg poured life into their modest town. Her protection allow crops to flourish despite the craggly, northern climate and blessed Marham’s mothers with both healthy children and speedy recoveries. Homes were safe and livestock pleasantly plump so that no family had cause for grief for as long as Brigid was appeased.
“Only a few more rounds, my pet,” Steve promised, coming around to fold a dark, heavy cloth over Tony’s eyes. “Close your eyes.”
He didn’t wear a collar or a lead, but Steve kept his hand on Tony’s hip at all times, keeping him close. It turned out to be all for the better, since Tony was caught staring at anything and everything moving around them. All around him, creatures of vaguely similar shapes went about their business. Nearly all of them were bipedal and humanoid, but some had long, flowing hair over their bodies like dogs would, while others had scales, long claws, and powerful, jutting snouts.
. Nothing is going to happen.”
Tony had driven him to his dorm, and on the doorstep to the building, Steve kissed him for the first time. A warm, chaste peck on the lips, and a smile to light up the darkest night sky.
open, and he pulled the door open to let himself in. “Thor?” he called into the apartment, casting around cautiously to try and spot the giant in case he was still violent. “I come in peace. We have a staff meeting in twenty minutes.”
CHARMING??
It’s coming into an election year, we need this
The only personal touch in the living room was a large, blue tray full of different boxes and items. Some things were immediately recognizable - a set of keys, which seemed anachronistic in this digital future, a fleece blanket with his shield design, and a small note with instructions for how to get in touch with Tony through the apartment’s internal AI in case of various emergencies.
Steve closed his mouth before he asked where that was. “Thanks,” he said instead, “Where do I pick up the social events calendar?”
As Steve pulled away, Tony whined his disappointment.
Tony’s eyes slid shut as he listened to Steve’s voice and lost himself to the slow, hypnotic touch of his hand. Hundreds of eyes on him, on his splayed, debauched body. An object for them to study until they could make his body perform like any instrument of pleasure. Steve would reveal the secrets of his body to all these strangers like it was a diagram to learn, a roadway to his erogenous zones, his most intimate desires. Steve would demonstrate how to work his ass open, gradually and so very carefully, so a human would not wake during the harvesting.
Carol took the bar seat next to him, but Steve didn’t look up from his drink. She sat where Tony had sat over a year ago when they had first met, when they had first gotten to know each other. It had all been so curious and exciting and simple, then.
“But it’s not a long drive to the tree house.”
Relief washed over Steve like sunshine emerging from the shadows on a warm summer day. “You’re back,” he said with a broad smile, and he ducked back to the bathroom to hang his towel up before joining Tony on the bed.
"Rogers, get this circus out of here. If you want my help, I'll get in there. You and me. And if you don't, fine, but this is not how you train to win. You won't last two rounds with training like this."
, by Billy Joel?”
He'd spend hours in the chair next to Steve, waiting for him to wake up again while he stared at the cast on Steve’s hand and relived every hit Steve took, his broken ribs, his fractured arm, and the hand that with great luck and a life-time of therapy might recover. All because he listened to Steve and didn't throw in the towel. And sure, Steve wanted that championship, and he probably meant it when he told Tony he wasn't going to end this because if Vanko's a cheater, then he doesn't deserve to win any more titles. Cheaters have no right to stand on a winner's podium.  But there'd also be that slight possibility that some of Steve's decision was because of Tony, that Steve wouldn't have wanted to let him down. That possibility is enough to make Tony sick to his stomach. Once Steve comes to after surgery, after the the doctors and therapists take a look at him and finally determine that, with hard work, he has a promising chance of recovery, Tony would be at his side long enough to let him know that he has arranged for Sam Wilson to join their staff in his place. That Tony will be leaving Steve's team indefinitely. He can't handle another match like that, he can't see Steve do what he did again. Tony left for good after that, leaving Steve in Sam’s hands regardless of what Steve tried to argue from the confinement of his hospital bed.
Tony could have cried from the effort to contain his sudden peals of laughter. “Mein Schafes?”
Steve snuffled softly and brought Tony back to the present. It almost hurt to look at him, with his handsome face and smooth skin, and his long eyelashes fanning over his cheek. The memory of that cracking punch that sent Steve reeling backwards, his disorientated, startled expression when Tony had caught him and held him in his arms, and the swollen, purpleing bruise on Steve’s face made Tony sick to his stomach with guilt.
“Hearken! How I, his devoted spouse—”
Tony blinked at him, then turned in his seat to look at the date. “... fucking shit—it’s Friday?” he breathed, then immediately turned back to Steve, wide-eyed in his regret. “Steve, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean—”
Steve didn’t have the stomach to click on a single article. There was no question Tony’s rumored date was beautiful in every sense of the word. She didn’t deserve to be hated, she’d done nothing wrong, but Steve’s heart grew cold just looking at her.
“You were the one who volunteered to pay,” Steve reminded him, and Tony squeezed his hand in return. “Will you allow me?”
Steve inched closer, and as the distance between their lips became dangerously tempting, Tony backed away. Steve wouldn’t let Tony get away, and he followed him at a collected pace.  “Then what about kids, Tony? How do you make them in your incredible future?”
“Me? What did I do, it’s his face!”
“Who want our products because we’re the best, and I need to be home tonight,” Tony insisted again, completely unmoved by her arguments. “Someone who is very much
Left without a choice, Steve gathered up his notebook and satchel and strode out of the room with his head held high. Whatever anyone else thought of him, whatever they thought he was worth, he wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of seeing him broken by the pain of their rejection.
Confused but obliging, Steve eased back on his back, and at Tony’s gentle urging, he lifted one arm and curled it under his pillow. Tony sat back then and looked his fill, gently running his fingers over the plentiful hair covering Steve’s chest, and then down over his abdomen where it thinned out before darkening again over his groin.
“What.”
“Besides, I own this place,” he said with a grin, as if that was the end-all, be-all argument. “And you’re gonna leave with the best damn nails you’ve ever had.”
Steve didn’t have the energy to be shocked anymore. He needed pictures, so why not have a guy who filmed cadavers and crime scenes do it for him? That made perfect sense. At least he’d be a subject who still had his pulse; maybe Barton would like that for a change of pace.
“What the fuck?” Rumlow snickered, and again, the morality box buzzed.
“I’m coming!” he called from his bedroom closet, stepping carefully over overturned boxes of belts and shoes and bags that were decidedly
“You’re still here?”
Steve snickered and shook his head slowly. “Don't you wish? In fact,” he gladly pointed out, “Ms. Potts was happy to vent about how
“This case has been… really difficult for me, but not because of the reasons you may think. I, um. When I came to Gotham, I barely knew anyone. I knew one person, that was it. This was just going to be a place to get some experience in journalism before I moved on, traveled the world. But, then I met you, and, and you—it’s actually a little funny, because this is how my parents met, but I didn’t think I’d fall for my partner at work, that would be too big of a coincidence, but look at me I’m a walking cliche, I’m, I’m a disaster Tony, I’ve never done this before so all of it would be on you—”
“I have to be in Harlem Sunday afternoon,” Tony told him, “and if she isn’t available Sunday morning, why don’t you let me take you to brunch?”
Their first date was a simple affair, a dinner and a walk on the beach. It had been Steve’s suggestion to go to Dune’s new Venice Beach location, but after the way he had insisted that it a date and not just a dinner, Tony would have happily gone anywhere.
Tony sniffed quietly, but said nothing. Instead, he turned on his heel and marched to the kitchen. Steve watched him go with a thoughtful smile, but when he turned to excuse himself from Clint, Clint only waved him off.
“Tony,” Steve whispered, his voice breaking with another particularly tight squeeze. His blunt fingers dug into the meat of Tony’s calf. “
“Right, sure. Let’s think about that for thirty seconds,” Tony drawled. “The intersection of the Venn diagram with people who were willing to drive you home to stay with you and who wouldn’t try to get into your pants are pretty much me and Clint.”
The rest of Tony’s Friday passed without incident. That night he picked up two kebabs on his way home, heavy on the garlic sauce. Tony was not moving from his damn bed until Saturday - he was going to eat both his kebabs, finish the last of the whiskey from the BYOPNB, and watch classic episodes of Columbo until his eyes closed.
From the front of the group, Steve heard Sharon gasp in happy surprise and cry with excitement - clearly, she and Brock had both gotten a spot.
“Tony. Stop talking.”
Steve watched as Clint shrugged at what was undoubtedly part of every-day life, while Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. Clearly, he accepted the news with far less grace than his brother.
Whether Tony was right or not, Steve agreed that it sounded far too plausible to be worth the risk. He looked back at the silk Tom Ford boxers, thumbed at the hem again before looking through the stack for his size.
They usually stayed at the royal palace when Steve visited Eisenturm. Outwardly, it helped contain the gossip surrounding them, but another part of it was Steve’s limited familiarity with international cuisine. Tony took great pleasure in inviting specialized chefs from around the country to cook exciting dishes for Steve’s every visit, though his project had peaked early when Steve tried a buffet of Indian dishes and promptly fell in love with navratan korma.
“I can’t answer that!” Steve insisted, but the way he refused to meet Tony’s eyes seemed be enough of an answer.
“Close your eyes,” he said. “Stop thinking.”
Rumlow paused to smirk at a passing young woman who stopped to stare at nothing but his chest and biceps. He flexed for her and smirked, but instead of the typical gleam of excitement in a woman’s eyes, she was outright disgusted and quickly walked away.
“But if you happen to find a flight home that departs after five… I suggest you take it. No-one can stop you from going home to your kids anymore.”
When Tony left to meet Bucky before the hearing, Steve left for campus. The least he could do was wear a suit and look his best to support his childhood friend. Hastings Hall was a dead zone during classes, and Steve didn’t see a single student in the hallways - until he came to his own room. Sharon was sitting on the floor beside his room door with a worn paperback in her hands.
“What do you do?” he murmured playfully as he absorbed the exploded view of the upgraded shotgun currently rotating on the terminal screen.
“Bucky’s never been attracted to you, my love. He does not understand how powerful that motivation can be.”
Attendants helped them with their outerwear and provided them with indoor slippers to keep their feet warm, and Steve had to stop one young man from running off with his wool coat before he could fish his new favorite ornament out of the inner pocket. The attendant took the ornament from him with a promise to safely take the ornament to the kings’ drawing room.
For a second, Steve blinked owlishly at Tony. “What,
“Tony, see what else you can get from Preston’s computer,” Steve said since the silence spoke of their shared agreement (or lack of alternative plans). “Sam, Buck: first thing tomorrow, get a warrant for GayArrangement’s membership data, then go talk to Preston’s parents. See if you can learn anything about his past relationships. Nat and I’ll visit Preston’s university friends and his roommate again, see if we they’ve got anything to say about past relationships and, I don’t know—money, gifts, fancy clothes —whatever else sugar daddies do.”
Tony stared back at him like those were the last words he expected to hear.
HOW. Do you seriously think there’s ROOM FOR MORE PERFECTION!?
With soft murmurs of praise and affection, Steve cupped Tony’s half-hard cock and gave it cursory squeeze, and with a sigh of anticipation, Tony parted his legs and angled his hips up in a silent bid for Steve’s attention. And Steve never denied him anything.
“Don’t worry, it gets better,” the woman told him then, and Steve found himself believing her. “Who else do you have?”
“Orfeo, I bring supper. May I enter?”
“What!” Arlene cried from her spot at Steve’s side. She looked up at Tony with the pain of betrayal clear in her eyes, and Steve found he couldn’t blame her. “Really, Mr. Tony?”
Tony snickered quietly as he shucked his pants and his briefs, kicked off his boots, then tossed everything aside without a care. He returned to the bed then, naked and glorious and entirely out of reach.
When he started thrusting it in earnest, the rippling sensation of pleasure and pain left Tony breathless and unable to form any word besides Steve’s name to beg and plead for release. Immediately, Steve wrapped his free hand around the base of Tony’s cock with enough force to stave off his climax. Hoarse from his desperate and near-delirious need to find release, Tony cried out with a sob, but Steve didn’t seem to care as he pulled the toy out.
“My heart is racing already,” Graham Norton said after they had showed a select clip from
, Steve, I had no idea—”
“I’m more of a short rib and jalapeno guy, actually,” Tony said, then turned to order when it was his turn; Steve wouldn’t let him pay, and instead invited Tony to add a cocktail to the order before adding his own burger, fried pickles, and a Brooklyn gin cocktail.
“I don’t think your dad likes me,” Steve blurted out as Tony got back to work. He glanced back over his shoulder to try and get a good read of him, but Steve was looking anywhere to avoid eye-contact. “I’m sure this will help.”
“Darling, I wouldn’t miss your hot buns for anything.”
“Private or privates? Cause for Stevie—” Bucky snickered - and held his M&Ms out of reach in a miraculous save when Steve swung around and smacked him in the face with a couch pillow.
Only Tony was left in the conference room to watch as the Beretta appeared on the VideoGram, the nuzzle pressed to Pierce’s temple.
From a distance Tony watched the familiar faces smile at his excitable, angelic demonspawn, then turn back to give him judgmental side-eyes. He groaned inwardly and tried to pick up his pace. She focused better when Tony ran faster, but damnit, waking up was slow-going this time of year. The weather was cool and just a touch chilly, and the dim light of dawn cast through the trees just enough to make everything cozy. He didn’t want to run, he wanted to crawl back into bed!
“Wonder about this, you son of a bitch,” Steve snarled while the morality box whirred back to life. “You can’t control a man like Rumlow. Give up the fucking game, or he’ll finish you himself.”
“Couldn’t take my eyes off of you,” he promised against Steve’s chin, then pressed another adoring kiss to the corner of his lips, “god, you’re amazing. So fucking gorgeous.”
at the top of her voice.
“We were at her place, Tony!”
Even in the city, clubs and bars were places Steve only frequented when necessary, when he needed a partner and a blissful release from the day’s frustrations. But despite the formidable noise rising in this converted little barn, Steve found the crowd to be less intimidating than he was used to. There were only sixty or seventy people in the barn with them, and most people were gathered around various group activities—darts, billiards, or jeering at those participating in either darts or billiards. Only a dozen people huddled around the big, round bar, while another handful entertained themselves on a mechanical bull at the center of the barn.
“Allow them to put me in the freezer, yeah, I heard you,” Steve said, slowing his pace before taking stock of his surroundings and turning in the general direction of Pierce’s offices. Soon, they would emerge into the garden that was the Governor’s backyard, and what would Tony do then?
Steve rolled his eyes, but he reached out to take Tony’s hand in his. He squeezed Tony’s hand and interrupted his anxious ramble.
Flowers or his boyfriend, surprising him by flying back early to see him? Steve laughed at the question and pressed in closer to kiss away the shy embarrassment in Tony’s expression.
“I am ever so sorry, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark, but the venerable Governor Alexander E. Pierce is not here for your unannounced visit. I do not think I can access him at this time.”
Dusk was fading into night when Steve pulled up to the old barn. Had they been in Manhattan, it would have been too early for any deserving bar crowd, but in this part of the world, the designated parking area was already so full that there was barely room to turn the truck around.
“Wisdom is wisdom, doesn’t matter who said it,” Steve countered with a smile in his voice. “But yes, if you must know, it’s adapted from Gandalf. Cops read, too, you know.”
“Bruce, we are in Tribeca,” Tony reminded him at the same time as Thor said, “My friend, perhaps it is time to go home?”
marrying Captain America. People have done more for less.
“It looks real,” he said with a clear awe in his voice, and he glanced at Tony for approval before touching the skin with his fingers. It wasn’t warm like a person’s face would be, but it was soft and supple like real skin. “This is incredible.”
“I’m not here to start anything,” he told Bucky and Steve calmly.
None of it had counted against Tony’s interests until Steve lifted Tony out of his lap and pinned him down into the couch cushions to tickle into surrender. Breathless and crying from laughter, Tony wasn’t good for anything but curling into himself for protection from Steve’s self-indulgent tickling.
“Here,” he said when he handed it all back to Bucky with a wooden spoon. “You’ll feel better.”
“As it happens, I have a date for the occasion,” Steve told him, though his self-satisfied smirk faltered as Tony polished off his burger and started sucking his fingers clean. When had he last enjoyed a meal that much?
“Steve, it’s for you. It’s Jim.”
and threatened to smack Tony in the head with it, which finally seemed to kick him into gear. “That sounds like fun, yeah. Yeah, I’d like that. What time?”
Steve grimaced at the question. He couldn’t meet Tony’s eyes, and he looked so uncomfortable he practically hunched in on himself. “Tony, we’re—we’re on the ground floor, the window is unlocked,” he said with an accusative gesture at the windows. “Anything—
“If she’ll help me, I can sneak in: they won’t know it’s me—”
- which is more often than you think,” he told the audience ruefully before turning back to Stephen and speaking over their laughter. “He talks about you at least twice an hour—and I’m talking the director’s cut. You basically have a standing invitation every Christmas and anytime Steve gets the flu, wherever we are.”
Tony’s breath hitched and his body shuddered with the first touch of Steve’s thick, long fingers. His slack body offered no resistance as one, then two fingers pressed into him. Every gentle stroke of his fingers sent warm, rolling waves of pleasure through Tony’s body, and lax as his body was, Tony’s ass twitched feebly around Steve’s fingers, trying to coax him deeper into his body. In his dreams, that stretch of Steve’s fingers grew even more impressive until it was nearly painful, but still Tony’s limp body took it and his heavy tongue begged for more, accommodating Steve like it was all he was ever meant to do.
One by one, Steve carried away his bags, coats, and even his shoes before joining him on the couch with an oversized fleece and flannel blanket to help bring Tony back to life.
“Any stout’s good.”
Howard was the first to leave the house for a meeting out in the City that would keep him all day. Maria volunteered to join him, deciding that she had spent far too many days cooped up on the ranch without other women.
Tony perked up at once, so Steve counted it as a win until they turned to walk and Tony reached for his hand without so much as a warning. Steve froze mid-step and immediately forced down his instinct to jerk his hand out of Tony’s hand, and he even managed to smile a little.
On the tray there was also a large wooden box. Steve opened it slowly in case something tried to jump out, but the most dangerous surprise he found in there were a set of knitting needles. He eyed the knitting needles and all the yarn Tony had provided for him with suspicion, unsure of how this tied into this insane future. Tony hadn’t said anything about knitting requirements, but at this rate Steve wouldn’t be surprised if knitting a part of the mandated daily routine.
—were vital to developing powerful sedatives.
. “And Google said the flowers you’ve been bringing home this week are for apologies. What was I meant to think?”
“I couldn’t if I wanted to!” Tony burst out, to both his and Bruce’s surprise. After a brief pause of re-evaluating how they had arrived at this moment, Tony leaned in across the table. “He’s a fucking savant, Bruce—pun very much intended, and deserved,” he whispered in a rush, as if imparting a secret, gesturing wildly with his fork before attacking his food again as if that would help explain his meaning.
“I feel melodramatic, ‘six long days,’” Tony grumbled in the little courtyard they had found to eat the lunch Steve had brought with him. “Howard said I have to be a team player if I want to take over the company. I have to ‘understand how people work in my company,’ which is outright bullshit—he never did it. He just wants me under his thumb, I fucking know it.”
Steve huffed a silent laugh at their shared pain. “Tell me about it. I can’t imagine doing all of this and Hawley’s internship next year.”
In the absence of the comforter that absorbed his sounds, Tony tried to muffle the deep, needful moans spilling from his lips by gritting his teeth or biting his bottom lip. Steve paused mid-step when he first noticed, and bracing Tony’s weight with one arm, he freed his other hand to cup the back of Tony’s head, and turning Tony’s head closer so Steve could reach him for a kiss.
The meat of Tony’s ass jiggled with his bouncing body, and like some twisted call and response, Steve brought his big, open palm down on his eager ass with a crack, leaving a stinging bruise in the shape of his hand.
“I travel for work,” Steve admitted. “Conferences, mostly.”
“My, my. You must be Mr. Stark,” a sultry woman purred over his shoulder. “You look like the man for me.”
The audience, who’d been laughing and making noises throughout the story, finally burst into cheerful laughter in the end, and even Jimmy couldn’t help but snicker at the rather anticlimactic end. Whether they could read between the lines or not wasn’t Steve’s problem.
Tony burst out laughing. “What!” he cried between the laughter, clinging as Steve shifted to try to see him until he finally calmed to mad giggling and he could look at Steve’s blushing, handsome face without starting to laugh again. “Sorry not sorry, babe, it’s just—‘then’ you started over-thinking? You ‘narrowed it down’ to five rings
Steve threw up his arms and fell back in his bed, muttering under his breath. “Fucking hell.”
“Be good,” Steve murmured into Tony’s ear as the robe was shoved aside, exposing him entirely to the customer and to their audience. When the creature caressed Tony’s inner thigh, admiring him, what envy he might have felt for the beautiful, glossy skin was immediately forgotten and replaced with fear: whatever this creature was, it didn’t have skin, it had coarse scales. It’s cold, jagged palm squeezed around his balls hard enough to make Tony kick out and shout in pain, but his strength was of no concern to Steve, and nothing he did could free him from Steve’s vice grip.
“You’re five-nine,” Steve and Howard and Maria all reminded him, to Tony’s continued bemusement.
That didn’t mean he’d turn Tony away when
He’d survived dinner and kept his cool by the skin of his teeth.  There was only so much Tony could eat when he was surrounded by despicable people, and he liked Steve’s food better anyway. Even with healthy alternatives like cottage cheese, his vegetarian lasagna was so good Tony could barely find the time to complain between bites until his plate was scraped clean.
“This feels surreal,” Tony whispered with a smile, running blunt nails across Steve’s scalp and neck in absent little patterns. “I must be dreaming.”
“No trying to bond without me,” Steve told them with a smart grin, pushing the kitchen door open to beckon them in. “If you’re going to embarrass me, you have to do it to my face.”
“What?” Clint breathed, glancing at the front door nervously. “You’d—you’d throw me out? Alone?”
“What—Tony? 2009?” Steve asked plaintively, tossing the lube and condoms into the small bin beside the bedside table before climbing off the bed to dig through his own luggage.
They sat uncomfortably in the awkward interim between ordering and conversation, fidgeting with their menus and pretending to look at them instead of each other.
“Honest mistake, sir,” the man said as he lowered his voice, not wanting to draw more attention from the scattered afternoon crowd around them. Something about his eyes struck a chord in Steve, but he shook it off and continued to glare at the man. “This is where the, ah. Company for the evening wait.”
If he didn’t personally know Happy, this whole scenario would feel so bizarre. As it happened, Steve’s face split in a wide grin and he hopped into the back without needing to be told twice. Flowers
“Fuck,” Tony mumbled drowsily, and even with sleep clearly glazing over his eyes, he struggled to stare at Steve. “‘m I dreamin’? You so hot, so fuckin’ hot.”
“In that case, by all means: please go ahead,” Steve drawled in a playful tone. “You haven’t been wrong yet.”
Tony shuddered instinctively at such an intimate address, but he swallowed his correction down. Steve had recently been slipping with his formalities, but this was the first time Tony had all his attention to dream about how his name sounded when Steve said it. A world where Steve hadn’t violated his parole and was free to call Tony his, and Tony had not failed to ascend to the privilege of calling anyone his.
Tony gave him a strange look, which, all things considered, was valid. Steve could have played it cooler, but with a man like Tony, Steve already knew his best chance for success was to leverage him with guilt and shame.
“Does your husband know?” some tech millionaire from Germany had asked him after Tony admitted his boyfriend was easy going. “Or do you still keep them separate?”
Tony frowned to himself, but since Steve wasn’t comfortable with eye-contact, he went back to work. He could multitask. “You’re worried about what he thinks?”
“I can’t thank you enough,” Tony confessed as they started moving. Marple seemed determined about their direction, running ahead a short distance then coming back to check on them before repeating the process. They followed without questioning it, because the last thing Tony needed to do was figure out where he was in relation to his house.
“Wait, wait no please—”
“We can stay here,” Tony whispered in a voice that sounded unnatural and very, very far away. “We’re safe here, we never have to go back.”
They sat together for what could have been minutes or hours. Eventually, Tony helped Steve to the master bath. He got the water in order while Steve undressed, and as he turned to leave so Steve could shower in private, Steve reached for his hand. Tony didn’t hesitate to follow.
“This is impossible,” Rhodey sighed to himself while rolling his failed attempt back into a ball and glaring at Bucky’s finished superior dough rolling skills.
Tony. He respected him, lived in awe of him. And, yeah, if villains found a way to weaponize Tony’s smile, neither Steve nor his heart wouldn’t stand a chance. But no; it was too soon to call it love.)
“I don’t know,” Steve shrugged easily, smiling at Tony without a care in the world. “You picked the stop, and you picked the destination. I’m following your lead.”
“Darling, I haven’t seen that sweater since your last date with Laura.”
“I’ll talk to him,” Tony promised. “This would be his biggest nightmare, I’ll—I’ll talk to him. I’m sorry for whatever hurtful shit he said to you, Steve, and the invasion of privacy, he can’t—”
“Good thinking,” he told her as soon as the door closed behind them, barely keeping calm himself. “Good think—two weeks, that’s good, that’s really good, I need—are you married?”
“Mr. Rogers,” she said when she noticed him, gesturing for him to join them. “Stark, let me introduce one of my top students and an intern on the case, Steve Rogers.”
“This is unbelievable,” Tony muttered under his breath, unable to even meet Dr. Odinson’s eyes. The room fell into silence for some time as Tony thought, Steve waited, and Dr. Odinson watched them squirm.
Steve practically wriggled in his seat in his excitement to get in on the story-telling. “You have no idea—I am so upset I wasn’t there when you hung up on him!” he said with tears bright in his eyes.
It was easiest to begin with the truth.
“Not when I look like a Police Academy reject!”
“That I am, and I have nothing more pressing to do this night than to reassure myself that my people are well. I am no doctor, but it has been a tragic day and I do not wish for any person to feel alone. Are you from Lumine, Orfeo?”
, but it’s never physical. Mom tells him what to do, and dad does what he wants when he can get away with it. I’ve… I never saw them together that often, growing up; she spends the day with the girls, and he’s out on the ranch or in his office.”
Steve could see through the water where the small bruises over Tony’s hips and thighs had nearly faded away. As archaic and covetous it made him feel, seeing the bruises he left on Tony’s body stirred Steve’s emotions unlike anything else. He could - and had - spent hours cherishing them, softly kissing them better or reviving them with greedy enthusiasm. Tony’s hips mapped Steve’s desire in the firm, unwavering grip of his hands anytime he fucked Tony from behind. The soft flesh of Tony’s inner thighs, the firm, supple curve of his ass, Steve could spend every morning tasting his skin and raising bruises with his teeth and his lips where Tony’s body was most delicate and responsive.
A weight dropped into his lap.
“Doesn’t that make it worse?” Tony countered. “That’s raising the stakes, and in a man’s world. Find a way to frame the spot as a chance to address it head-on. Maybe as an opportunity to talk about other strong women in the field, the institutional ways that women like herself are discouraged from pursuing their research. Scientists love implications, so make her understand the implications of her effort to stand up for future generations of outstanding women in science. If that’s not enough, frame it as an opportunity to share the projected benefits of her work. Concrete, measurable changes.”
He waited for Steve’s eyes to find his, and without looking away, Tony lined them up and slowly, inch for inch, sunk down on Steve’s cock. He rocked forward with experimental curiosity, even rolled his hips around, drawing soft, keening moans from his stud.
“I know it’s your first time,” Steve grunted softly on top of him, “but stopping never gets you far.”
“Sauron couldn’t take it from me,” Steve mumbled in reply, never once taking his eyes away from the shimmering fish on the screen.
“Beretta, now with digital palm-printing, triggered when anybody but yourself attempts to fire the weapon. Digital prints are uploaded to our server within eighty seconds of the attempted shot, so long as the pistol is not submerged or buried in some way. The lip gloss is a fast-acting poison: a trace amount will hospitalize a man or animal of approximately 100 kilos, while a drop will kill the same body within seconds. It must be ingested to act to full effect; topical contact will only cause disorientation at most. The lipstick you carry may act as a protective layer for a short time, so if you paint your lips with the lipstick and add a minor coat of gloss, you may get away with it for a short while. Wash away with regular antibacterial soap. You already have the pills for poisoning, if you accidentally ingest some yourself. Finally,” he said, laying the pen on the block, “Barnes’ design: it has a sonic taser, a carbon dioxide laser, and an explosive package equivalent to 72 tons of TNT you can only use once. It has a surveillance component that can tail your target up to seven kilometers, after which point it will automatically return to the pen. It can deliver four subdermal doses: two lethal, two tranquilizers. And,” he finished, dangling the keys to the Jag. “Shiny new Jag, complete with pacifier seatbelts.”
The door opened enough to reveal his very irate and irritable personal assistant.
The night passed easily after that. Rhodey arrived as Captain Planet, complete with green wig and his skin painted blue, accompanied by Carol who was dressed as Gaia in leaves and a long, flowing green dress. The four of them carved out a little space for themselves near the bar until the Superbro Caucus rode into the party dressed as various Norse Gods. Most of them followed Thor around  the party, but their eight-legged horse broke free to join the little group by the bar. The unfriendly side of Sleipnir turned out to be Natasha, and Bucky had been typecast as the ass.
“So, I saw what happened. Are you alright?”
The day of Tony’s defense passed much like Steve had predicted: flawlessly. Looking back, Tony was pretty sure he could have stood there in silence, lined up all the awards he had already received for Dum-E, and stilled graduated with the highest distinction.
“Hey, kids, you see the color of the giraffe’s tongue?” Tony asked, and the two kids who’d been momentarily distracted by ostriches quickly hurried back to gawk and giggle with the rest of his group. “Why do you think that is?”
Tony licked his lips to keep from laughing, and glanced over at Thor, who was only hearing half the conversation and looking curiously between his friend and this stranger.
Before Tony could respond, the waitress came around to their table to take their order. Tony ordered a little of everything, heavy on the cheese. There was no point coming to Switzerland if they didn’t indulge in dairy and chocolate, and on Steve’s first trip? Not on Tony’s watch.
The kebabs slipped from Tony’s slackened grip and fell to the floor. “What… what are—”
“Oh no, no,” Tony answered immediately, palms up already in a show of neutrality. “You’re not making me pick sides, not now, not ever.
“Is it true that the preeminent Captain America would help the elderly cross the road despite the increased risk of potential traffic-related injuries?” Jane whispered, spellbound. “My father, Raymond Foster, may he rest in peace, would many nights tell me of the good Captain’s heroism as nighttime stories. The stories recounted his great acts of heroism, how he could climb trees without fear of injury to collect frightened kittens, and even communicate with the French.”
“That was the first. It will only become easier now,” Steve assured him then in a gentler tone. “Make me proud, my pet.”
“Nicer than me?”
“And, you know. I might have snooped around while you questioned people last time we were there,” Tony told him before he changed his mind. Trusting people in journalism was a bad idea, but Steve was something else. Tony was trying to be better about treating him accordingly. “Did you know he’s got surgeons on his payroll? Not a few doctors, Steve, I’m talking a stable of experts in reconstructive surgery or, or serious trauma. People who’re paid millions treat extreme athletes and crazy MMA fighters.”
All that was missing was Tony beside him - Tony to thank for this unnecessarily lavish but deeply appreciated pampering, Tony to talk to until the therapist rejoined him, Tony and his soft, content sighs to listen to from across the room.
“That’s exactly my point! No reasonable person—just, take it off.”
Tony didn’t have to say more for Steve’s gaze to stray in search of his blue ribbon. He always smiled at the sight of it, displayed proudly on the wall behind Tony’s desk between framed original artwork from masters of the baroque period.
“This is Natasha Romanov, another associate with the firm,” Hawley said in introduction. “Top three in her class and former editor of Harvard Law Review. You’ve probably seen her lurking around campus doing my research. She will be taking the lead on this case.”
“You’re just lucky you’re not close enough for me to punch,” Tony answered with a grin in his voice, and Steve couldn’t resist smiling back. “Don’t scare me like that again.”
He made up for the bloodbath, the daywalker, and all the vampires turned to ash with two beers and three shots. Turning a movie into a drinking game wasn’t the smartest plan he’d made since college, but it had been a long week, and none of them felt much like being smart.
“No,” Tony whimpered when Steve sat him down in his own lap, where Tony could already feel Steve’s erection hard in his trousers. “No, wait—no more. Please—they’re too many.”
Their world was changing, and it was not for the better.
“Tell me about it,” Bucky muttered into his coffee.
“Forever?”
“Leave it with me,” he told Bucky coolly. “I’ll find him for you.”
Steve frowned a little at the question and leaned back in the couch to think it over. His plan to be as open as possible about everything but his citizenship had been more plausible in theory; to put the plan into effect, to say these words out loud in front of strangers, it all made his skin crawl now that it mattered most.
Without releasing its mouthful, the master probed at Tony’s ass with its dry fingers and long stone talons, delighting in the way Tony’s body finally responded with hitching, pained noises. When Tony’s come didn’t gush from Tony’s hole (like a woman’s body might), the master buried its long, flickering tongue even further in his body, slurping up whatever it could from Tony’s colon and intestines. A shout of shocking discomfort and pain was punched out of Tony and he scrambled to get away. The master clearly had no awareness for male anatomy (or lack of self-lubrication) or how to extract what it so dearly wanted.
“They have a warrant, what do you want—”
With every thrust of Steve’s hands, Tony’s t-shirt rode higher, revealing the smooth canvas of finger-shaped bruises painted across Tony’s olive skin. “You let someone do this to you?” Steve murmured, keeping his voice low in the hopes of keeping his unwarranted feelings to himself.
Steve stood up and without so much as a pause, he lifted Tony into his arms, holding him so Tony could wrap his legs around his waist. Steve got a firm grip of his waist and held Tony close as he turned them around and walked them to the nearest wall. His hard cock pressed against the cleft of Tony’s ass, and clearly unable to resist the urge, Tony reached behind his back to stroke Steve’s cock as much as he could reach him.
“What?” he breathed, choking back tears. “You, you’re breaking—I thought you were
“Not an option, Rogers,” Tony said with more bravado than he felt. “No man is too rich to escape justice.”
Her meaning couldn’t have been more clear, and Steve found himself swallowing down a knot of grateful relief. He might be a laughing stock who’d burned a bridge with an influential professor in his first year in the program, but least one of Steve’s professors still believed in him.
Tony looked up from his work to stare at Steve. “How do you know that?”
“Swelling’s down, the headache is better. Thank you for the Tylenol,” he added, “there’s coffee, if you’d like some. Just made it. Orange juice is in the fridge, help yourself.”
Professor Stromwell seemed pleased for the first time since the lecture began.
“So this is going to be the least stressful holiday, right?” he laughed, “between now and January 5th, will you be able to think about anything else?”
“This brings us to the last question, guys,” Chris said with a little pout, and Tony couldn’t resist pouting back.
In the two weeks since he’d returned to his own job, Tony rarely heard from his old team (his old family). The most substantial update he got was a text from Sam thanking him for pooling the phrases, word choices, and patterns of speech that the sugar babies used to communicate with their prospective daddies. It wasn’t easy reeling in highly-sought sugar daddies, and like everyone else, each daddy had his own preferences. For people like Natasha, Bucky, and Sam the mannerisms and flirting style of sugar babies might as well have been in Greek. With Tony’s bank of introductory messages, flirty innuendos, and witty remarks that served to show intelligence without being intimidating, they had some scaffolding to get them started.
“Whatever you say or do, you are my best friend. But, I can’t—I couldn’t keep doing this. Lying. Pretending. If there’s anything you’ve taught me, it’s that. I’m realizing that I’m not straight. I’m not going to be quiet about it, publicly.”
They would learn to admire him once he was through with them.
“I don’t live in Boston, but Maya did. Her family is from here, and they’re well connected with the government and—hell, everyone. So she filed for divorce here.”
There was a moment of chaos where Steve and Rumlow fought like animals on the floor, Pierce leapt from his chair at Ben, and the Scraps either bolted from the room or dropped to the floor to avoid accidentally being shot as Ben and Pierce fought over the gun.
“You haven’t watched the interview yet, have you?”
Steve frowned and peered at his phone, but the least he could do was put Tony out of his misery. “Sweetheart, no. Much to my mother’s disappointment, I’m nobody’s dad,” he promised. “Her mom’s asked me out a couple times, and sometimes she can be a little aggressive about it, but that’s it. I don’t date anyone related to my students. Are you okay, Tony?” he asked afterwards, gentling his tone.
Steve had been seventeen when he found his father’s body, cold, filthy, and forgotten in an unmarked grave among his men. There had been no time to panic or grieve. The starving desperate militia had turned to Steve for leadership, and with so many lives depending on him, Steve had managed to compartmentalize and carry on. But far from the horrors of war and with many hours to prepare, Steve never managed to find the right words to say goodbye.
With one more parting kiss, Tony got to his feet and did as he was told. He undressed, put his clothes away, and he was easing into the hot, bubbling water when Steve caught up to him.
Steve pressed up against Tony’s back, boxing him in and pinning Tony to the wall until all Tony could see was Steve, and a glimpse of the apartments across the street through the tall window. The soft skin behind Tony’s ear, and the smooth, tan skin of his neck that always beckoned Steve were close enough to taste, but this wasn’t the time or place for Steve to indulge in any possessive urges.
Steve snorted and rolled his eyes. “Joke’s on you, Stark: I’d love to see that happen.”
“Can you do it?”
“That’s how you think you’ll be remembered, is it? ‘Accolades’?”
My bed’s a lost cause it’s gross and broken.
Their anniversary was days away. Tony was losing his mind. He didn’t want to lose Steve, too.
“Oh,” Tony whispered after a quiet pause, then turned on his heel to find the kitchenette. “Just, thirsty. Forgot my water. Is it cool if I—”
Steve stifled a laugh at her surprise, but he didn’t turn to look. He didn’t need to. Besides, they had work to do.
That seemed to be all the encouragement Tony needed. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s and leaned in close, hugging the full length of his arm and leaning into Steve’s side as they made their way in through the crowd.
“For the drive home,” Steve simply said, and with a quick tuck and fold of his tartan around his belt, he created a pocket in his kilt for the plug.
“Tony Stark is the first ever openly gay actor nominated in the Best Actor in a Motion Picture category, and the third ever Latino actor nominated.”
“Then hide!”
The light at the end of the tunnel was slowly making itself known. After Korea, there was only a brief conference in Geneva to meet with Macron, Michel, and Bettel between them and a return to Consone.
Of all the problems to have before seeing your ex for the first time in ten months, what to wear shouldn’t be one of them. In the end, he pushed past all the
“A crestfallen Tony Stark, maybe. It would be a nice change of pace,” Bruce explained, helping himself to a slice of banana—except Tony intercepted his greedy fingers with his fork, and pulled his plate closer to himself. “Hey!”
In reality, Tony hadn’t spent that long in the blistering Boston cold. Between the blanket and Steve’s help, he quickly warmed up, but that didn’t mean Steve had to know. After three weeks apart, Tony would risk overheating if it meant having Steve’s hands on him again.
An immediate crisis meeting was called in Tony’s apartment that afternoon. Bruce brought the booze, and Thor brought more booze.
“I want to believe you, Steve,” Tony grumbled, attempting a humorous tone but failing spectacularly. He sounded pitiful at best. “I just find it hard to believe that you went out and bought yourself a ring, but you treat it like it’s a gift from a lover you lost to the war, who, any day now, will come knocking on our door and take you away from here to some far-away island and do god knows what to—”
Steve gathered both of Tony’s legs and squeezed them together, lifting him by his ankles until Steve could kneel at Tony’s hips. Gently, he eased Tony down again before releasing his legs, letting them fall open over Steve’s thighs. With one of the many gloves and canisters kept on hand in their nest, Steve warmed up lube between his fingers and started working open his pet, spreading the lubrication as deep into his body as he could reach.
“They were the best two months of my life,” he confessed with a watery hiccup. Tony squeezed his eyes shut, willing himself not to outright laugh or begrudge his friend his feelings, and instead reached over to tug Thor closer by the shoulders until his friend caved and fell into the hug Tony was offering.
“Thank you,” he said after a momentary silence. Carol sighed and braced herself for another sprinting narrative of sexual exploits or arrogance, when Tony instead said, “For yesterday. It’s really cool, you know. That you helped. I’m one of three things around here, it’s… not to Steve, though. Rhodey said you’d be good for it, helping someone you didn’t know.”
Steve’s quiet chuckle was a gentle thrum against Tony’s blanket cocoon. “Really? I had no idea,” Steve teased, stealing a quick, chaste kiss from Tony’s smiling lips before he laid him out in their bed. Tony squirmed a little until he was comfortably on his side, and Steve helped him liberate himself from the blankets.
Across the bar, the young woman leaned into Tony’s personal space to whisper something in his ear. He looked quite pleased with himself, and angled his face to grin at Bruce and Thor over her shoulder when his good humor transformed into confusion. They watched him lean away from the young woman, shake his head with a polite smile, wave to her friends, and then leave.
“So it turned me into Betsy Ross,” Steve interjected as Tony tried to explain the detailed selection criteria. “What did the program do to do Rumlow? He’s stronger than I remember, and he’s accessing computers and machines and finding his way around this place.”
“He said you had afternoon tea at Palm Court and a five-o’clock at the Guerlain Spa,” Happy answered without added flare or pomp. “I don’t ask any questions.”
“I… I don’t really remember,” she whispered, needing to sit down in one of the guest chairs at Steve’s desk. “Besides, things are different now. People do everything online. But, try to think of something you could do together that you would both enjoy? What do we know about him?”
“Give me,” he ordered as much as he offered, taking Tony’s jacket and his big rolling suitcase from him and effortlessly jogging them up the stairs. Clearly, the man felt neither pain nor cold, and if he hadn’t been so eager to feel his own skin again, Tony would’ve been too shocked to move. As it was, Tony hurried after Steve and shut the door behind them.
“But… my,” Tony couldn’t help but say.
“That was… unexpected, but effective,” Tony managed after clearing his throat. He was a master of swallowing things, including his pride. “You saved my ass today; I could have ended up as a filler episode for Law and Order. How can I thank you?”
“I’ve been thinking, and well, there’s no doubt we're having a lot of fun. These have been some of the happiest years of my life,” Brock explained in steady, tactful words. “But next year I’ll be at Harvard Law, and things will be different. It’s a completely different world. The pressure will be greater, my family will be there, and I’ve realized that it’s finally time that I take steps to grow up and make serious choices in my life. They expect a lot from me; I plan on running for office some day.”
“Yeah, like you’re going alone. Governor’s compound, now,” Bucky said loudly, and every tired, bruised, bleeding face turned to him.
“Stark?”
“Not these people—these, these assholes with their pied-à-terres around the world for men and women their wives can never know about. I don’t know what’s worse, their continued shock that I haven’t cheated on you yet, or that they still look at me like I’m twelve because I’m not married. Because clearly marriage is such a sacred institution in their lives.”
On one hand, Tony wanted to applaud how unbothered they all were to continue the same conversation with same-sex relationships. On the other hand, he really wished Steve had been there to clench his jaw of moral high ground at them for assuming Tony was as philandering and sleazy as they were.
“If I called Lila and asked her whether you’re regularly eating four meals a day, what would she tell me?”
yeah they’d still be hot af
“Who do you think you are?” Tony snarled, bundling himself up in the bedsheets. “Do you know who my father is? He makes bombs for a living, and I’m his only son. You better take me back to my dorm, or he’ll make you regret you were ever born.”
“Yes, as an editor,” Howard said with a tone dripping with sarcasm. “Lucrative, I’m sure.”
Steve kept his mouth shut the rest of the way to the Ranger’s team store, where Tony finally peeled himself off of Steve and instead tugged him into the store in his excitement.
Fury frowned at the room full of confused but unmoving officers around him. “Officer Jane Foster! Definition for code one eight seven, now.”
“Good. All I want is for my boy to be happy. Have a good life, a dependable partner. Clint’s gonna give us grandbabies, and I don’t care so much about this blood business as Howard does. But you listen to me,” she said with steel in her voice. “You hurt my boy, I’m not suing you, or taking your property like my husband would. I’ll take it out of your hide. Am I clear?”
Steve smiled and patiently waited for Tony to circle back around to catch his eye. “You don’t look that bad yourself, Stark.”
“No, you sit—no, it’s your first game,” he insisted and got up, though he still couldn’t really look away from the ice. “I’ll get it, what would you like?”
“She’s really pretty,” he said instead, miserable in his honesty. It hurt to hear the words said out loud and know they were true. “She could use better make up, like better contouring and if she isn’t using YSL mascara she needs to, but she’s naturally very beautiful.”
Steve was already working on undoing Tony’s shirt buttons when he pouted up at Tony with the worst hangdog expression. “Aw, shucks. What gave me away?”
When Steve stepped out of the bedroom and let his robe spill to the floor, Tony cut himself off so abruptly he practically swallowed his tongue. The silence was deafening. Steve wouldn’t let himself twitch, as if he was comfortable standing in the middle of a well lit room in nothing but black garters, a black lacy thong, and his beat up combat boots. He wore his dog tags around his neck, the way Tony liked.
“My apologies,” the man promised, but Steve only looked at the man with more disgust. He was clearly in his forties, and his voice was somewhere in the Batman range, if Batman came with the super-smooth velvet option. He looked expensive, with his long, salon-straightened hair and fancy manicure. Whatever he had in his wallet, he wasn’t getting away with thinking he owned Steve, too.
Carefully, Steve pulled out and pushed his softening cock back into his briefs. Instead of helping to clean Tony up or pull his pants up, Steve pressed two fingers into him, finger-fucking Tony slowly through the mess of Steve’s come inside him.
With a big grin and a roll of his eyes, Tony muttered a quiet ‘
“What do you mean, ‘who?’”
Tony Stark would NEVER cheat!!
By the time they had rounded everyone up and clarified that kitchen was not a funny new word for the theater, a library, or a drawing room, it had nearly been an hour. Steve made them coffee while a thoughtful staff attendant washed and cut up fruits for them to snack on while they gathered around a kitchen workstation with a built-in stove top.
One right after another, the kids’ faces lit up. If Mr. Tony thought something was crazy, they knew it had to be better than a snow day.
The few minutes had been all Steve had needed to get his mind around the prospect of ‘special occasion lingerie,’ and after all, Valentine’s was just around the corner. So, instead of balking or feeling embarrassed, he turned the computer towards Sharon to invite her to see the small collection he’d put in his cart.
“Found a favorite?” Tony said with a grin, hoping it would sound more playful than surprised. For reasons he couldn’t explain, he gravitated to Steve’s side. Steve opened his arms to help reel him in until Tony’s was happily nuzzling into his shoulder. His voice was partially muffled against Steve’s arm as he confessed, “I expected a line-up, Steve. Didn’t even want a plug?”
“I do trust him, dad,” Steve promised, because nothing was easier to admit. “I just… I wouldn’t mind knowing that he wanted me for me first. Steve Rogers, not Steve half-Kryptonian son of Superman.”
It wasn’t until he was pulling his undershirt off and caught his reflection in the mirror that the idea came to him.
Steve had no time to waste. He rushed to pull his sweater off while kicking off his jeans, stepped out of his boxers to pull on a fresh pair, and finally clawed his way into his t-shirt. Already it felt too small and confining, but one night of bad sleep next to Tony was worth it. He’d find a waxing place, maybe even squeeze it in on his lunch hour, he—
was the final straw. Steve clapped a hand over his chest and fell back into the couch, laughing so hard he was near tears.
It was a small room, and soon, Steve observed the results of his focused attention. Slowly, inch for inch, Tony started to squirm in his blanket cocoon. First, he freed a leg and swung it on top of the blankets; next, one arm. By the time Tony had belly-flopped on top of his covers in a loose-limbed sprawl, panting softly in the sudden heat and humidity of the room, half of Steve’s work was done for him.
was a perfectly reasonable description of a mortal man’s aptitude. “Why do you ask?”
“Let me guess,” Tony eventually murmured, scratching at Steve’s side in a way he usually did if he felt particularly cheeky. Steve lifted his head and gave him a preemptively dry look. “That’s your Matthew Mitcham poster?”
Without so much as flipping a badge, one of them demands to know, “Are you Mr. Stark?”
“There’s gotta be a dozen of these websites,” Sam said in the awkward tension - in part to break it up, and in part because he felt the theory was a little crazy in its scope. “You really think they’d all be here?”
They all knew him well enough to know he
“The rodeo was my life,” he continued, determined to finish the whole story. “I couldn’t stay here and not participate. Then, we heard the best rehab clinics for my needs were in New York. I went there; they kept me at the facility for six months, then it was just regular visits. I started going to college. My life changed, but I’m better, Steve,” he promised. “I can walk again, I can talk. I can write. Falling on an air mattress wouldn’t hurt me.”
Tony outright glared at their therapist, his fingers balling into fists against his knees, and for a moment Steve braced himself to grab him in case Tony tried to take a swing at Dr. Odinson.
“And he always wins,” he said bitterly. “He’s the
“Don’t give me that, Rogers,” Tony said quietly, glancing down the hallway then as if to check for someone in pursuit. “Look, please. That was three years ago. Can we talk?”
“Hammer?” Sharon supplied, albeit skeptically. When Steve grunted in agreement, she said, “You got it, boss.”
“How easy do you think I am?” Tony asked before he could think better of it.
“My name is Stephanie,” she said kindly, and Clint all but felt Tony shuddering with delight on his back. “Who is to be my bride?”
“Where are we even going?” Tony finally managed to ask as they tripped their way up the stairs, and finally, as they emerged on ground level and sobered in the fresh air, Steve let him go.
, Steve.”
With a gentle hand at the small of his back, Steve directed Tony into a slight back bend that pushed out his round ass, highlighting their perky, round shape. Steve left him in that position for some time, even stepping away momentarily to give their shameless audience a view while he slipped a pair of lubricating gloves over his right hand. He rubbed his fingers together to activate the lubrication of his fingers, and he waited until it all but dripped from his hands before going back to where he had left Tony.
“Steve?” Tony whispered in the sacred space between them. Steve hummed softly in reply, his attention still caught between Tony’s soft, wet lips, and his half-lidded eyes. “Promise me, no other man will hear you say those words? Spare them only for me.”
The pain was so sweet that Tony nearly cried with it. Without thinking, he turned his face away from Steve’s to muffle his wet, panting breath against the arm that so gently cradled him, and curled over his head in a protective arc. When Steve next bottomed out, filling Tony’s body to its limit, Tony’s orgasm hit him with rattling force—he bit down hard and came with a strangled cry, all but thrashing in Steve’s firm grip as his muscles seized with all his strength.
They’re really trying though, you gotta give them credit
“Good evening, detective,” Tony said softly, his voice so gentle that Steve still had to cover his other ear to hear him clearly. “Is this a good time?”
“We’re going home,” Steve said, his expression pinched with concern. “I think you’re bleeding a little.”
Tony groaned and hid his face in his hands. He was coming up on his thirty-sixth birthday, he was too old for googly-eyed puppy love. “Was I obvious before?” he asked in a shy mumble instead of acknowledging her comment. “Before yesterday.”
Bucky frowned. Even if she’d gotten full custody in the divorce, Dunn would have been listed as the father if they were married. “Unless she didn’t want Dunn named as the father,” he said after a minute. “Wouldn’t hurt to reach out, right?”
“If your fans could see you now,” Tony muttered under his breath while he carefully navigated the suburbs of Atlanta to find Steve’s condo. The streets all looked the same in these new developments, and if he didn’t pay attention, they’d have to start the maze all over again. “Captain America, high as a kite.”
The voice was unfamiliar, but Steve would have recognized the way Bucky said his name anywhere.
“You promise you won’t leave this house?”
Tony fought back the rising panic and turned to face away from the crowd. The other side of the room was empty, and he tried to ignore the inevitable as long as he could, and focused instead on the familiar touch of Steve’s large paw combing through his hair. He took comfort in knowing he wasn’t abandoned to the other masters or to these strangers like he had feared before. Steve seemed to have learned his lesson and was sticking to his word. Whatever else happened, Tony had to believe Steve needed him, too.
“They eat blueberries!” Sumeet guessed immediately, and Tony clapped him on the shoulder in praise.
The thought that someone might turn the corner and see them any second left Steve reacting on impulse - he took Tony by the arms and pressed him into the corner, blocking him from view with his own bulk. It was only then, with Tony’s back turned to him that Steve noticed something shiny catching the light from between Tony’s full, firm ass cheeks.
Steve and Tony looked up in question and found a young man in brown trousers and rainbow suspenders standing in the doorway. The young man visibly steeled himself and walked in to greet them.
A knock on his door late one Tuesday evening brought his tenuous return to normalcy to a grinding halt. Tony pulled himself together, grabbed the taser sitting on the side-table by the door, and opened the door with the security chain on.
It took Tony all of a minute to feel absolutely rotten about his bitter thoughts. Steve worked hard, damnit, with his diving scholarship and his ROTC. How the man had a life outside of full class load, sports, and the reserve army Tony didn’t know, but he was grateful Steve was making the effort to carve out time for him.
had his back when it damn well counted.
He left Steve in the best hands he could have found. And if Steve was ever to recover enough to continue fighting, any and every coach under the sun would be lining up to work with him. Tony had done what he could: Steve would not want for anything.
It wasn’t Steve’s place to kinkshame anyone, but this was beginning to push a boundary he wasn’t all that sure about. But he would try anything twice, so he did as Tony asked and put on the helmet.
Steve continued to quietly observe Tony in his stoic, indescribable expression. Never had Tony felt more betrayed by the esteemed Jason Statham.
Steve was still laughing too hard to do anything but giggle and wheeze, but Tony took the album out of Sarah’s hand to hold it up at an angle that let the sloshed drink spill away without touching the pages. He unwrapped his scarf and wiped at what little booze remained on the cover, drying it off before handing it back to Sarah.
“We have too much to do here,” Steve explained, gesturing at the tower of unopened boxes. “And between the two of us, I’m more familiar with your books.”
Steve looked at Bucky, who only shrugged at first. “We don’t got cows, but we got plenty of rats.”
“You were asking for it!”
Minutes passed before Steve even tried to pull off his softening cock. Tony’s fingers twitched in Steve’s hair but released him without a fight when Steve tried to get to his feet. With a surge of energy Tony didn’t have to spare, he latched onto Steve’s t-shirt and hauled him in for a kiss. Steve went willingly. At the first scrape of Tony’s teeth, Steve parted his lips and submitted to Tony’s deep, eager kiss until Tony was practically sucking the taste of his own come off Steve’s tongue.
“It’s not my place either, Aunt Sarah,” Bucky said respectfully while glancing between his best friend and the woman who for all intents and purposes was his second mother.
She wished him luck and left for her group meeting. Steve did exactly what he’d set out to do - Hawley’s secretary even helped him find an unoccupied office so he could enjoy a comfortable chair as he worked through his assigned reading.
- at a table, too, instead of scarfing something down to absorb the coffee on his way somewhere.
“This is exactly what I thought it would feel like,” Tony whispered as he inched closer. Steve could feel the feather-light touch of his fingers over his lower back sweeping up the breadth of his shoulders. “Every fantasy come true, except… now, it’s you.”
“Do you need to go?” Tony asked, turning on his side to face Steve. “I can get you a cab.”
work. My place is here, at your side. What is left to be done?” he asked in the end, needing to get Tony thinking practically to help him think clearly.
SICK I WROTE SICK
Bucky flashed Tony a smug, self-satisfied smirk. “Can’t make it too easy for you, your Majesty.”
