“Yeah, well I wanted to be a good friend. Also, my head was still pretty far up my ass at the time, so I don’t think I even knew I was jealous.” He countered.
“Cas, you got your ears on? We need to uh. We need to talk. It’s. It’s important.” He awkwardly spoke out into the room.
He hadn’t realised that had even been a possibility at the time. He replayed that nights events in his head and then considered how they could’ve gone differently. He was sure he was blushing, which was quite the feat as all his blood seemed to be rushing elsewhere.
“Dean, I don’t want to bring up Dr Sexy while we’re having a serious discussion, but I will if I must.” He stared glibly back at him.
Cas looked around nervously. This conversation seemed like it wasn’t going to end with a happy Dean.
At some point, the scraping of Cas’ chair as he stood up drew Dean out of his thoughts. He seemed to have missed most of Cas and Sam’s conversation.
Dean should’ve snapped at him for that, but he had other pressing matters in the form of that realisation to deal with. He blanked for a moment.
Jack looked practically giddy as he mulled over the idea. “And that means we get to go to the beach!” He added on excitedly. Sam couldn’t help but chuckle.
Dean tore his eyes away from the angel's face, trying to compose himself. He still had something to do.
He huffed out a laugh. It was strained. “Yeah. I didn’t, I uh- You and Sam are always assuming things.”
“I looked up how to do it, and I snuck away everything I needed for it from Dean but-“ He pinched his face in frustration. “I don’t know what to put on it. The songs Dean chose- they- they said so much, and they had meaning behind them. Your parents- and-“
Dean glanced at Cas again, nervously. The man in the backseat was now looking at Dean with his head tilted in confusion.
Dean glanced sideways over at Castiel as Sam sputtered his way through describing the case. The other man raised a brow in return for a split second, giving him a knowing expression. Sam was up to something again.
“Hey, guys. Chill out.” He finally interrupted their glaring match, patting Cas on the shoulder comfortingly. He assumed that Cas was probably in the right with whatever this was.
“Yeah, I just don’t get to see you as much these days, with your job ya know. That’s why the movie nights are cool but- really it’s fine.” He cleared his throat awkwardly.
Dean had described this as a meditative activity, but it was more so stressful for him. Then again, maybe he shouldn't have sought out comfort in something that reminded him so much of what- or who- he was getting away from in the first place.
As his hand fluttered back and forth between the two he was interrupted by a knock at the door. He glanced at the shirts again for a second before heading over and opening it.
“Yeah well you weren’t this-” He gestured at Cas vaguely, his cheeks now wholly tinted red. “Like this about it- Like you’re enjoying yourself.”
“I- It’s-” Dean sputtered, unable to land on a reason why. He decided to drop it and instead huffed, not meeting Cas’ eyes. “You’re- What’s with you being so direct lately?” He blurted out angrily. Though there wasn’t much bite behind it, he was more so flustered.
Dean sighed to himself again. His friend had only been back a month. Getting him out of the Empty had been no small feat, but they did it. There was no way Dean was going to leave him there, especially not after- not after how they left things. He’d turned over heaven and hell, exhausted every contact they had, done whatever he had to. He had gotten Cas back.
He rolled his eyes, grinning to himself when he turned away from her. He opened the door and stepped forward. The lights seemed to be all off inside.
“Cas I mean- I don’t mean on your own. The two of us. What if we retired and got a place or something, I don’t know.” The last sentence came out rushed and Dean began to heat up. He was sure if it had been lighter out his face would be noticeably red.
Dean grinned back and then attempted (and failed) to straighten his face. “Uh yeah sure Sammy...” The grin only widened.
He slowly reached out his hand towards Dean’s. Dean froze for a second, but forced himself to relax a moment later. When he didn’t seem to be showing any signs of bolting across the bunker, Cas slowly placed his hand down.
Castiel similarly huffed off, leaving Sam standing on his own, staring up at the ceiling in distress.
“At the time... not necessarily.” He paused as if to consider it. “It was more so about the very humanness of it. I didn’t think I could have that… among other things” He looked over at Dean softly with that, only to receive an equally tender look in return.
“Fine, whatever. Well, we’re headed out, so-“ Dean trailed off, he glanced at Cas who was still looking at him disapprovingly.
“Okay, that one might have been justified,” Dean muttered sheepishly, unable to keep the abashed smile off his face.
“Okay sure, but what else did you wanna do?” Sam questioned with another sigh, it was late and he hoped this wasn’t going to be anything too elaborate.
“What was that chick whispering about?” Dean eventually broke the silence, questioning in a too-casual tone.
“Cas- You loved- You loved the whole world because that’s who you are.” He breathed in and out again. “Remember how Chuck said the thing about the crack in your chassis? How no matter what he did, he couldn’t control you? That’s you man. If you didn’t have it in you all along no amount of convincing from me could’ve made you rebel.” Dean wasn’t entirely sure where he was going with this. Cas had said so many beautiful words to him. In return, he wanted to let Cas know how special he was too, even if his own words weren’t as half as good.
In the next moments Cas explained it all to Dean. Saving Jack, in exchange for himself. How the Empty would only come for him in the moment he let himself be truly happy. And how they didn’t have to worry because, well, with their lives when was that going to happen? He explained everything, told Dean all the details. Everything except what it was that would bring him that happiness.
Dean attempted to keep his expression casual. Worried the slightest thing would give him away and take Cas from him.
Dean detected a hint of excitement in Castiel’s tone. Clearly, he too quite liked the family dinner idea.
He looked down at the crowd. Jody and the girls, Donna, Garth, several of their hunter friends, their family. All together.
"I'm always fine." He smiled up at Cas knowingly, a tragic sort of humour dancing behind his eyes. Cas looked back, his expression pained.
Images of Cas wearing one of Dean’s flannel shirts flashed through Sam’s head all of a sudden. Followed by a feeling of embarrassment and ? something else he couldn’t quite place. Feelings that didn’t belong to him.
Dean sighed, tilting his head up at the ceiling. “Thanks, that’s reassuring.” Without even looking at Cas, he could sense his very pointed and expressive eye-roll across from him.
It seemed so simple now that it was all laid out. Knowing what their lives were like however, he wasn’t sure it would be ultimately.
Then, he looked over at Cas, and they shared a look. Sam tilted his head curiously, Dean had suddenly seemed to grow nervous. His expression was tight.
At first he had thought Cas was angry at him. But now, being stuck in the car together, he was sensing embarrassment more than anything else. Cas almost seemed to be acting like he'd done something wrong. That made him feel worse than anger would have.
“You know what, let’s do movie night.” He continued, his voice slightly intense, the enthusiasm kind of hilarious, and kind of adorable.
As he contemplated shifting from where he stood, his focus was pulled back to the window again. A blonde woman walked up to Cas, laughing as she whispered something in his ear. Dean felt the discomfort from prior grow, his face falling into a frown, his stance stiffening.
I’m sorry I didn’t mean for this to get so angsty!! I promise they’ll get to be happy because it’s what they and we all deserve!!
However, he softened his gaze a little when the disgruntled response seemed to heighten Dean’s embarrassment. He sighed lightly, feeling bad. Dean had clearly just been trying to do something nice for him, though why he thought Cas would need a picture of himself he did not necessarily understand. Perhaps since Dean was particularly fond of anything cowboy related, he thought Cas would share the enthusiasm too, he reasoned to himself.
“I’m happy we have a plan man, I am. I- I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop you know?” Dean replied.
“Though I hope you know now it’s not nice to lock people in rooms and leave them in there for various lengths of time.” He chastised lightly.
They stood in silence for a moment. Dean could swear that the loudest sound in the world in that second was the sound of own his heart beating out of his chest.
With that comment he finally got Dean to make eye contact with him. He could feel the wall begin to waver slightly, Dean thinking of coming around.
And so Castiel explained. The search for another way, the many dead ends he’d encountered, and the one ray of hope.
“I don’t know Dean, but it’s the closest to a plan we seem to have right now.” Cas responded. He sounded tired. Traversing all over in the search for a way to save Jack was surely draining.
“Also maybe next time you use my computer to take multiple ‘Am I Gay?’ quizzes online and then to read articles on bisexuality, delete the history if you don’t want me to know.” Sam smirked at him, eyebrow raised.
“One that isn’t a snoozefest Sammy” Dean muttered, rolling his eyes. Sam pursed his lips annoyedly in response.
It wasn’t his vessel that bothered Dean. It was himself. Even if an angel could love in that way, it wouldn’t love him. A broken, angry man who took his hurt out on the world. Cas was good, Cas was caring, he approached the world with kindness. Dean was, well. Dean.
Cas seemed to relax further. The tension and fear that had seemed to radiate off him moments ago lessened. Dean couldn’t say the same for himself.
Screw it, he’d just wait parked outside the Gas N Sip. Better there than hanging around Sam’s smug ass any longer.
After the battle against Chuck, and Cas and Jack’s return, sure they’d taken a break. But then there were always more cases, more people to save. There was always more. And so he’d gotten back into the swing of things. It was the easiest option; it was the safest option in a sense. Why try something new when he already knew what worked.
“You’re a priority too, don’t think you’re not.” Dean somehow managed to throw out the caring words roughly.
“Oh good! You found it. I’d been meaning to give that to you. Thought you’d want it. I don’t know, you don’t have many things so-“ He paused to catch his breath.
“And for what it’s worth. As someone who can hear both yours and Cas’ thoughts. Believe me. It’ll go better than you think.” He felt guilty for even hinting at Castiel’s personal thoughts like that. Intrusive. But Dean needed a little nudge.
“What’s funny?” Sam suddenly questioned, curiosity seeping his tone as he shot a quick glance at the phone. Cas shifted it away slightly.
Seemingly not for long though, as Cas started to inch away the moment Sam and Jack were out of sight.
As he crouched at the crossroads; with Jack a distance away behind him; he observed the photo in his hands for a second. He was glad he’d forgotten it in his wallet as they now had a picture for the ritual. He smiled at the memories it conjured. A movie, a hat, the click of a camera, a room, an image tucked away inside a book, a man.
Dean could feel the heat rising to his cheeks. He was starting to grow frustrated. What was the big deal? He was doing a nice thing. Driving his friend to work. And instead of praise, he was receiving an inquisition over it.
“It’s not funny, I just uh- Can I see it?” Sam  continued to press down a smile and looked up at Cas with raised brows.
Even so, it was always Nora this, and Nora that, and oh she’s so nice and friendly. Dean was growing kind of tired of it. How great could she really be? She was the boss after all.
Dean glanced over at Cas gesturing for him to go first, as he followed closely behind. Cas hesitantly followed the host.
“I thought you said you weren’t trying to have sex with me.” Dean looked at him in feigned confusion.  He received an eye roll in return.
“Oh and I- I enjoy the restaurant’s because I like spending time with you.” And with that, he walked away.
Though, later, as he pulled his keys out of his pocket to go pick Cas up, he mentally reminded himself of the list anyways. With a sigh he left the bunker and made his way back to the store for the second time that day.
“Right?” He chuckled out again eventually, looking for some reassurance. Anything to help them move past this moment. Turns out his logical brain had exited the premises, now it was just all about forgetting this happened and maybe trying again in another ten years.
At this Jack tilted his head at Sam questioningly. Sam sighed, sitting down next to him as he began to explain.
For some reason, the urge to keep arguing against the point seemed to fade away. He was sure it would be back later, and he'd question again if Cas really knew what he was getting into. But, for the time being, he didn't have it in him to keep pushing back. Hell, he didn't want to keep pushing back.
“We’re already doing the whole surprise party thing, which I’m still not sure is his thing if I’m being honest.” Sam sat down at his desk as he spoke.
He sighed. He was tired. He was too damn tired. “Jack- if you can hear me. Please. I- I need him. Sam’s got Eileen, you’re off being God or whatever, and- he’s gone- he’s gone and I can’t move on.” He closed his eyes, tears were brimming, but these days that was a constant for him.
When they parted both of them had tears streaming down their faces, but neither seemed to care. Suddenly, Dean’s eyes widened.
Cas doesn’t think the Empty deal will be of any concern. He doesn’t think happiness is anywhere nearby. Dean disagrees.
“Is this about you driving me to work?” He finally questioned, the eyeroll somehow audible in his tone.
After a moment he cleared his throat loudly. Dean immediately looked away from Cas to glare at his brother, heart-eyes now gone.
Jack looked over at Sam conspiratorially. At first Sam was confused. However, after a moment it clicked.
The restaurant had been his idea, and the dressing up Jack's. He’d maybe seen one too many movies with makeover montages. But based on Dean’s slack-jawed reaction at Castiel’s new look, clearly, it had been a good addition. Though he really hoped the ‘professor’ comment had been a joke and not the new cowboy or doctor-esque... fascination. He shuddered to himself in horror.
“Oh. The store clerk?” He asked carefully as if didn’t seem to understand where Dean was going with the topic. Dean didn’t either.
Dean choked on his drink, and Cas was immediately at his side tending to him as if it was a life or death scenario. Sam watched on unsure whether to roll his eyes at how ridiculous the two were or to laugh. He settled on both.
Cas smiled back at him reverently,  his eyes half hooded. Dean felt at peace as he looked back at him. This can’t get any better, he thought to himself.
“I’m sorry man. I didn’t want to put you in danger. But looks like I couldn’t even manage that.” Dean muttered out, slight anger lacing his tone.
He thought it would be different once they saved Cas. He had so much he wanted to say, so much he’d rehearsed in his own head. Nothing as poignant as Castiel’s heart-wrenching words before he’d been taken. Dean was never as good with words as Cas was. But still, he’d had it all planned. They may not have been as beautiful, but they would be his words, his feelings, all out in the open.
“It’s the English phonetic spelling for an Enochian joke about a dog and a bone- nevermind- I'm sorry, I guess this means I skip my turn” Cas stated with an exaggerated sigh.
Dean thought again for a moment, not wanting to give another answer that would bring back painful memories for Cas. For either of them.
Dean breathed out a sigh of relief followed by a slight laugh. He felt lighter than he had in months.
“Very funny,” Cas muttered, smiling to himself again as he shook his head fondly. Finally, he reached out for one of Dean’s hands.
Dean’s eyes widened for a second and he immediately looked away. A red flush began to creep up his cheeks, no doubt at the mention of his strange outburst the other day. Why he’d been so determined for Cas to know he hadn’t kept that number, neither of them was really certain of. However, for some reason, it tinged Castiel with an unknown but familiar type of contentment.
“When you’re truly happy, yeah I know.” Dean snapped back. “And you’re okay with that?!” He continued. He wished he could get Cas to understand without endangering him. He wished he could inspire in him the same urgency he felt. He needed Cas out of the deal so that-
“That’s what we gotta figure out.” Dean pointed at him again with his bottle. His face conspiratorial.
Dean looked on ahead, feeling content with the simplicity of it all. The open road, another monster dead, his family with him. He’d always felt most comfortable like this, most himself.
While Dean still didn’t fully understand what this conversation was about, this intrigued him. He held his breath in anticipation of the answer. For what reason this made him so nervous, he didn’t comprehend.
Though, maybe he would like a little more time with Cas, and the Gas N Sip was robbing him of that. Maybe that factored into it still.
They made their way out of Jack’s room, down the hallway, and towards the map table. Dean and Cas were still seated where they had been before, and were talking among themselves quietly. They stopped as they saw Jack and Sam approach. Sam could swear they shared a scared look of sorts as they saw him and Jack walk up.
“I should go… Dean’s waiting.” He slowly began to back away, turning around when Sam opened his mouth to speak.
Cas’ behaviour was odd, yes. But it was more so the fact that he was seeking out Sam alone which was particularly out of the norm. Usually, this would suggest there was something wrong with Dean, or there was something Dean couldn’t know about. Either way, Sam couldn’t prophesize this being anything good.
Castiel internally noted that the room seemed smaller than it had a moment ago. He was hyper-aware of how much room the two of them were now taking up in it, as well as the distance between them. He shifted slightly where he stood, towards the direction of the door.
Besides, selfishly, he just wanted his son around. He wanted them to all be a family. They’d already lost Cas at the time, and he didn’t know how he would’ve coped losing Jack too so soon. Even more so after the year Jack had experienced. The way Dean had treated him throughout it.
“Yeah, like with all the Nora stuff and the being jealous and always wanting you around-” He cut himself off, his eyes widening for a split second. That is not how he had intended for that to come out.
Dean breathed in before sheepishly making his way inside at a sluggish pace. He was met with a stone-faced Castiel looking up at him, holding some kind of engraved bronze receptacle.
Cas and Dean struggle with how to let Sam know about their relationship. Turns out they don’t need to worry too much.
“Well. Hah. You did it. We aren’t uh. Dancing around it anymore.” Dancing around what? Dean wondered to himself. He was growing more irritated than curious by the second. Had Jack and Sam just wanted him and Cas to voluntarily spend more time together? Was that it?
“I know- I- Here, hide these in the fridge- Quickly!” He sent Jack scurrying away to the kitchen, boxes in tow. He ran his hands through his hair nervously as he watched Jack go.
Dean wasn’t sure how Cas was going to respond to that, and he himself was seconds away from telling Sam to mind his business before the angel spoke up with no hesitation.
However, the next morning there something else that was of slightly more concern to Sam. Everything had been fine... until he woke up and saw Cas sitting there. In the same spot he had been the previous night, still doing research.
“I didn’t realise you- I didn’t realise it affected you so badly.” Cas’ voice sounded raspier than usual, his eyes pooled.
He blinked rapidly, trying to clear his head. Had he asked Cas on a date? He wasn’t sure anymore. What if Cas thought it was a date too? Had Dean been that obvious? Or that oblivious? But he had said yes. Did that mean-
“Gross, no.” Dean responded with a humorous tone, but his throat was constricting. With every word he worried the Empty would appear.
When Cas didn’t seem to respond he glanced over to see him awkwardly flickering his gaze around the interior of the car. Dean raised a brow at him.
“I was more confused about why they’d – parent trap us – as you say. We aren’t a-“ He suddenly cut himself off, a flustered expression crossing his face only for a moment before he continued. It was hesitant. “We aren’t fighting.”
Silence permeated the room. He glanced up at Cas who was looking at him with a furrowed brow, an uncertain expression on his face.
“I didn’t tell you. I should’ve told you. Every time you left- were gone-“ Dean’s voice broke slightly. “I was falling apart. Hell, ask Sammy, he had to carry my sorry ass through it.”
Cas straightened up slightly. “What do you mean crazy?” Dean could feel the confused frown piercing into the side of his head.
Cas smiled to himself, dropping to a neutral expression as he glanced up at Dean again. “Your turn.”
Cas snapped him out of his thoughts by speaking up again. “What were you going to say about the restaurant?” He questioned, genuinely curious.
“I’m fine man I- I um. I just wanted to talk about something real quick.” Dean responded. God, he felt so silly.
If he were pressed, he’d say that the dark blue sweater made the blue of the angel’s eyes seem even deeper. That its fit highlighted how well built he was, much better than the oversized trench coat did – not that he didn’t love the coat too. He would have nothing to say about the slimmer fitting pants, however. In fact, he was pointedly staring up as high up as possible on Cas’ torso, away from them, as Cas walked with his back to him.
“Really? You would become human? Even after how it was the last time?” Dean asked hesitantly. Guilt stabbing through him again.
“Oh! Oh, nothing.” Jack smiled tightly at Dean. It wasn’t convincing, and Dean’s face said as much. However, he didn’t press for answers.
“No I- You’re right Cas, I know you’re right it’s just- Just when we’d found a way to help you.” He replied with the prior harshness in his voice now stripped away.
As the night went on he made his way through the room, talking to everyone, accepting their birthday wishes. He ate, he drank, he ate some more. The birthday pie was the highlight of the latter activity. When he told Sam as much he had a confusingly guilty-seeming reaction in response. Who knew what that was about.
He liked having pictures of his family, Dean in particular. Some candid, some posed - when he could convince Dean to actually let it happen that is - usually with Sam next to him. He’d scroll through the images when he wasn’t with them, which was a more common occurrence than he liked. Being useful to them took him away quite often; it was bittersweet.
Sam looked back at him with a raised eyebrow, his expression curious. He squinted his eyes slightly as if he were hazarding some sort of guess in his mind but not saying it out loud.
Sam looked up from his laptop at Castiel. He hadn’t heard the angel approach. Cas stood awkwardly in the doorway, fidgeting slightly. His eyes were scanning either side of the hallway as if he were looking out for someone.
“Uh, pretty much heard what I just told you buddy. You made a deal with the empty? That’s about it.” Dean replied, glancing up Cas with a nervous frown.
“Woah there buddy I don’t think Sam needs to hear about that” Dean quickly blurted out, placing an arm over Castiel’s shoulders.
Thoughts raced around his head at a speed he couldn’t quite keep up with. Then, the last voice he needed to hear in that moment cut through them.
“Well uh- Until then. I had something for you.” He looked up at Cas again. This time he was the nervous one. He breathed in deeply.
“It’s clearly not nothing man.” With that Dean stepped up closer to him. Staring intensely at the man in front of him. Almost wishing that he could see right into him and understand what was inside his head.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” It was out of his mouth before he could stop himself. He hadn't meant to say anything yet.
Before the thought of what Cas had told him before he left could drag him down too deep to resurface again, he diverted his prayers.
“Basically I want to be human, in the bunker, with you.” He coughed and stumbled over that last sentence, as if he was saying something obscene. It was... cute.
“I fear they may never leave us alone,” Cas muttered gravely and looked over at Dean who could see the humour whirling in his eyes. Dean huffed out a laugh, shaking his head but not breaking eye contact.
Jack picked up a random crystal off the shelf, its bright saturated blue had drawn his eye from among the paler stones in its presence. He held it up, inspecting it. The sunlight streaming in through the windows reflected off its smooth polished surface.
He glanced back at Cas, who’s eyes were widened. Nervous, yes. But also pained. Like he was watching something slip away.
Sam had kept himself busy enough back at the bunker though, despite being a bit sulky after the scolding.
At first, they thought it had worked since the other two had seemed strangely excited. However, since then they’d become even more insufferable and continued proposing more ‘family outings’.
“What- I- Well you know what-” Dean cut himself off as he noticed the smirk playing at Cas’ lips. His face began to heat up as he realised the other man's eyes were flickering downward to his own lips. “Oh-”
Even with all that in play, however, he had insisted on picking up Cas from work again, despite the ex-angel’s sudden insistence that he didn’t have to. They had some things to talk about and it seemed like he couldn’t catch Cas anywhere except for when they were in the car together.
Tentatively, he reached for his phone, tapping on messages. He choked down guilt at the sight of Sam's unanswered ones. The pain at seeing Jack and Mary's names. Looking for a text chain that hadn't been used in a while.
Sam whipped his head up suddenly at Jack, who stood in his doorway with a sorrowful expression on his face. 'Kicked puppy' was the description that popped into Sam’s head.
Dean smirked at him. When Cas’ expression didn’t falter, he opted for a pout instead. Sam wasn’t the only one with puppy dog eyes after all. He knew it had worked when the corners of Cas’ lips began tilting upwards.
“I don’t know man, becoming human? What if he doesn’t want to give up being an angel? It was hardly easy for him last time.” Dean responded, attempting to sound casual.
Dean let out the breath he’d been holding, but with it came no relief. He felt uneasy, it left a sour taste in his mouth. He regretted the words instantly, and attempted to formulate some way to take them back.
He glanced up to see Dean smiling down at the phone, a distant look in his eyes, and something else too. Something he couldn’t quite place dancing behind the viridescent pool. After looking at the picture again for a moment and then back up, Cas finally spoke.
He hated Cas sounded as he said it. Like he didn’t believe what Dean was saying but had expected nothing better anyways. Dean wanted to take it back, prove him wrong, change that expression on his face.
However, lately less so. Lately, he’d been pushing back against his perpetual guilt, the feelings that found his way back to him no matter how many good deeds he managed to collect.
Dean was glancing around, not making eye contact. Sam could feel the fear radiating off him, it was thick in the air.
“Dean, what is it?” Cas questioned as Dean finally stopped walking. They stood a few feet away from the front of the Impala.
“You know Dean. As an angel I had some sense of human emotions and feelings. However, I don’t think I ever truly comprehended them in their fullest form. But now- Now as a human, those feelings are all so overwhelming, so clear.” He spoke almost reverently.
Sam snapped out of his inquisition for a moment to smile knowingly at his easily amused brother. His eyes then shifted over to Castiel. He was watching Dean chuckle with an affectionate look in his eyes.
“Wow.” Sam shook his head at the two men in front of him, before chuckling fondly. “Well, I’m glad you guys figured it out… finally.”
He didn’t know if angels could feel like that. They were designed to be soldiers, they weren’t even supposed to feel, let alone feel love. And especially feel that kind of love.
Jack frowned at him, disbelief clouding his features. He slowly stepped inside the room and sat down on the edge of Sam’s bed.
Cas looked expectantly at him, waiting for an elaboration. Dean glanced around for a few seconds. He cursed himself for not being better at things like this.
The terror in him was growing by the second, but he was also slightly encouraged by the fact that Cas seemed to be unharmed so far. So he responded with a revelation of his own.
“Oh calm down Sammy it’s not like it’s the first time baby’s facilitated uh- adult fun times?” Dean stated with raised brows.
But he pushed away the anger for now, trying to focus on the good. Amara had suggested a solution to their Cas problem. She’d said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“I know you and Jack haven’t had it easy but I know you wouldn’t be willing to sacrifice him like this either.” His voice was cracking, emotions breaking through. The hurt was evident.
Finally, he took out his wallet, folding the photo and placing it in there for the time being. With that and the mixtape, he now had two possessions Dean had given him, he thought fondly to himself as he followed Dean's trail out the door.
Dean tensed, looking up at him briefly with a tight smile. “Yep. Fine.” He quickly responded, before continuing to bounce in place and flicker his gaze about the room with a frown.
He tried to seek out Cas’ eyes with his own, but the angel continued to avoid eye contact with him. Much to Dean’s dismay.
They remained in comfortable silence for a moment, before Dean remembered something. He quickly stole a glance at Cas before looking away again and taking in a breath.
The two men looked up at him. “What now?” Dean asked. He still was holding onto Cas who at this point was clearly fine. Cas was blushing, enjoying the closeness. Yet Sam could also feel the guilt he was experiencing for enjoying it. Jesus Christ, these two.
A deadpan look from Sam shut Dean up. There was no point arguing that one at this point. Not with how Dean had rushed into Sam’s room that morning, half blubbering about what Cas had asked him the night before. Before he’d calmed himself down he’d pretty much let the cat out of the bag.
“Oh! Okay. I’ll uh. In that case, your server will be right over soon. Is there anything else I can do for you in the meantime?” He asked, wide-eyed. Dean felt bad for him.
“What he’s trying to say is, we’ve found another way. Your plan, but with some changes to keep Jack alive.” Sam interjected firmly.
Cas stepped forward. “In case something goes wrong, and I don’t make it back. There’s something you and Sam need to know”
Dean was starting to get a bit antsy and impatient, to say the least. Sure, he could just tell Sam, but at this point, it was about the principle of the matter. That’s what he told himself as he wandered towards the map table one night, determined to get Sam to crack once and for all.
Dean was hardly surprised though. His younger brother could do anything he put his mind to, he was a great hunter, he was a good influence. He was even a better dad to Jack than Dean felt he was, despite him seemingly seeing Dean more as his dad for whatever reason. He used to feel a tinge of jealousy over it all, but nowadays he only felt pride.
“Hey, don’t. I forgave you for that years ago. And I’ve said and done a lot worse since then- I’m just saying- It’s fine.” They shared another look, comforting each other with unsaid words.
Cas took a sharp intake of breath. His oceanic eyes widened, as he looked down at the simple silver band and back up at Dean. They immediately began to water.
“Oh definitely. It can help you tap into your inner strength and endurance.” She let the sentence draw out slightly before continuing. “Like I said I could definitely give you some pointers on all this stuff sometime.” She smiled, looking up at him through her lashes.
Dean nodded back, recalling the memory. Not only had it been ten times stuffier than the first place Sam had chosen. But they’d also gotten weird looks from some of the patrons as soon as they’d walked in together and been seated at that fire-hazard of a candle-lit table. The food had not been worth that.
Dean had only begun to think about nipping Cas’ bottom lip lightly, when suddenly the bunker door swung open with a loud creak and the two men went stumbling backwards onto a large figure.
He reminded Dean of Bobby sometimes. Not so much in the surly old drunk way. More so in the way he was able to manage and aid various hunters who had taken to coming to him for guidance and calling him for help. He made a good leader. He’d practically started running his own ‘Hunter Corp’ like the other world versions of themselves.
After many years of undercover gigs and fake identities, he was fairly good at picking up when someone was being genuine or not. This guy clearly was not feeling very smiley. Fair enough though; Dean thought to himself. The restaurant Sam had chosen seemed pretty stuffy, and the patrons even more so. It probably wasn’t the most fun of jobs.
He sat there internally cursing Sam for a moment. The kid had no idea what he was talking about. He decided to ignore whatever the hell it was Sam had been referring to for most of that conversation.
“I’m helping you with this altered spell. Be grateful I am allowing that much Dean.” Billie responded. There was no anger in her tone but it was threatening nonetheless.
“Oh and um. I’m happy for you guys.” Sam finally added on as he looked back at them softly with a smile.
The wooden blocks loudly scattered over the table, with one plopping unceremoniously onto Jack’s half-eaten pizza slice.
As he finished his explanation, a stretch of silence followed as Billie seemed to be contemplating. They all watched her anxiously.
“Uh. Pictures of cats.” He replied unconvincingly. He received a suspicious look from Sam in response, but to his relief that was it.
Dean sighed, exasperated at Sam’s slowness to catch up. “Well, who’s gonna drive him? I ain’t making the poor guy walk that far. I’ll stay back.”
“How’s everything?” Cas questioned as he looked at the now clean floor where the previous pie had been massacred.
Jack was asleep in a similar position to Sam on one of the backseats. Dean shook his head in disbelief. It was still strange seeing the kid being so… human, so powerless.
“I should get going Dean, I’m no use sitting around here when I could be out looking for Amara, and helping in the fight against Chuck.” Cas stood swiftly.
Cas smiled at him knowingly. “Are we not listing moments I was in love with you anymore?” He raised a brow.
“It’s okay Dean. We’ll get through this. You’ll get through it. You’ll get to have it all. Being happy. It’s what you both deserve.” Sam smiled sadly at him.
“Dean had mentioned wanting to go on a vacation. A beach trip. So how about this; we take them on a trip, and get them to spend as much time together as possible, hell we can even make sure they get a cabin or room or whatever together.” He raised his brows at Jack, then nodded to himself. Finally, they had another plan. The couples retreats hadn’t really been working out for them, and Dean had started catching onto the fact that half of them weren’t even real hunts.
“So if someone asked you on a date would you know?” He asked, slightly wild in his delivery. His expression was pinched, he looked like he was attempting to figure something out with the utmost concentration. Either that or he was regretting his question. Or the food wasn’t sitting right. Cas wasn’t entirely sure.
Dean stared down at the ground. He hated being right. Their lives could never be easy. Things could never click into place.
After what seemed like a lifetime of deliberation, Cas finally, tentatively, spoke. “They may have, but- I did- I did correct them.”
He wasn’t given a chance to respond, however, as footsteps thudded down the hall. Cas and Dean both glanced up at the entryway, as a frazzled looking Jack hurried in.
Sam sighed again. “No Dean I’m just- you guys have stuff to work through. And, maybe once you do that, you’ll tone down a bit with the very obvious jealousy.”
Dean shook his head. “It’s nothing. It’s just-“ He sighed. “Imagine if we’d just sorted our shit out sooner. Before your Empty deal, before Chuck, before everything. We could’ve had this-”
He froze in place. Shit. Had they caught him? He began to step forward and guiltily make his way forth before he heard Jack speak.
After a few moments he reappeared at the door, making his way out the building up to the Impala. Dean got in the car wordlessly as Cas followed.
“Jack, I understand why you’re worried, I do. But- I told you, I’m not going to be happy anytime soon. It’s just- It’s not going to happen for me. You have enough on your mind, you don’t have to worry about me. You already carry too much weight on your shoulders.” He responded, despite the gravelly nature of his voice it was comforting. Dean had always thought it sounded like home.
Either way, she and Cas had become friends. Which; Cas had insisted that was all they were. Despite Dean’s teasing to the contrary, for some reason that came as a relief.
That nagging feeling in the back of his mind? That said he knew exactly what Sam was referring to? Well, he just slammed the door on that and continued to ignore it.
“Dean, you’re not ‘too much'". I’ve told you how I feel about spending time with you. That still stands.” He squinted slightly as he continued.
“He said he-“ He swallowed. “He told me he loved me man.” His rough voice breaking on the all important word. Eyes glazing up. He looked around tensely, making sure not to meet Sam’s gaze.
Dean had been explaining to Cas why getting a job would be a terrible idea for the ex-angel, and then that traitor Sam had to come in being all understanding and placating. Talking about letting Cas come to terms with humanity in his own way and giving him space.
Much to his disapproval, his eyes welled up slightly as he attempted to think of a response to the confession.
Dean gulped and stepped aside. He glanced out into the rest of his room. Cas’ eye contact was too much in that moment. His mind was racing a million miles a minute. He was trying not to think of what he’d heard the other day. As if even thinking of it would give it all away. The fact that Cas lo-. No. He couldn’t think about it.
Before he could say anything, however, Jack walked in. He smiled widely at the two men in the kitchen.
It was fine, he could figure out the hunting stuff later on. Hell, he could figure out whatever all this was about later on. For now, all he knew was that he didn’t want to give up that time with Cas yet. He'd take whatever he got.
“Yeah I know that but- okay yeah whatever- you can have your damn garden and animals.” He huffed out. The annoyed sound was counteracted by the smile on his face. “Now do you agree?”
Sam continued. “You’ve been having weekly date nights.” He smirked slightly at that one, his voice taking on a teasing tone. Dean only glared back at him. “You call him angel like- all the time. Cas keeps buying you guys matching his and his mugs and aprons and stuff off Etsy-“
The words filled Dean with further relief. He smiled to himself watching Cas walk back over to the car door opposite where Jack sat.
The purr of the Impala was the only noticeable sound present. The sleek car floated along the stretch of empty road, which was illuminated by the single set of headlights and the moonlight.
“It’s okay, the other two can’t make it after all.” Cas politely informed him, clearly attempting to put him out of his distress.
He inspected it, remembering that day. Memories of how that case had ended tinged him with sadness, memories of Jack. Nevertheless, the image itself; that moment; was a pleasant memory.
But it was the same as always. He felt light, happy even. Like he had nothing else to focus on, and nothing to worry about.
Dean stared up at the ceiling from his bed. He wasn’t a coward. Listen. In any other circumstance he would’ve barged into the kitchen and chastised Cas for making a stupid deal, and then they would’ve gotten him out of it somehow. He’d have barrelled into the Empty, guns blazing if he had to. But it just, didn’t seem smart talking to Cas yet, when the deal seemed to hinge on- well- when it was so closely linked to Dean.
Dean sighed. “Fine. Okay. I’ll. I’ll talk to him tomorrow. Just about the Empty stuff! Until we can find a way out of the deal.”
Then he added on softly “So much. I-” He shook his head, attempting to compose himself slightly. At that Cas reached over and stroked his face for a moment. His fingers grazed Dean’s hair as his thumb stroked his cheek. After a moment he let it drop again.
“I’m not bullshitting you Dean I can hear your thoughts, I can sense your guys’ feelings, I can see -“ he shuddered in horror again “- all the images”.
“I was pretty jealous when you went on that date with your manager.” Dean offered, his voice quieting slightly as he made the admission.
“Have you been listening to anything I’ve been saying” Sam huffed, interrupting Dean’s train of thought.
Sam’s mouth dropped open. “Holy shit.” He looked over at Dean wide-eyed. “That was your present! Holy shit- I- You guys-” He continued sputtering for a moment, unable to process it immediately.
Dean paused, staring at the oceanic eyes before him. They were soft and gentle, and he felt like they were gazing into his soul. Perhaps they were, after all, no one had ever been able to see him as clearly as Cas had.
“There were a lot of songs about love on it.” Cas said suddenly. Even he looked surprised at the words having come out of his mouth. His oceanic eyes widening for a split second.
“I think so.” Sam nodded before confusion suddenly clouded his features again. He looked over at Jack. “Wait, why did you think they were getting divorced? Did they have another fight?”
Cas kept his head tilted upwards, however, shot Dean a glaring side eye. “I don’t hate it. And I’m not quitting.”
"You know what Cas, we'll have a few one on one matches sometime and I'll help you learn how to play all these properly."
Warmth suddenly raced over Dean’s features. He prayed to whoever was listening that his face wasn’t as red as it felt at that moment.
“So, we were thinking. It’s about time we finally go on that vacation.” Sam looked at Dean, smiling in a way he hoped seemed genuine and not suspicious.
Yeah, so he kept Cas’ work schedule memorised. It made it easier to plan things. Especially since Cas had been receiving fewer late-night shifts in the recent weeks, and therefore, had more time and energy to spend. It was a matter of convenience really, he justified to himself for the dozenth time.
“I’ll uh- I’ll head off now.” Sam smirked at Dean knowingly. Shooting him a wink and a thumbs up from behind Cas before heading off down the hallway.
“It’s all good to go. The decorations are done. Food’s ready. Everyone should be here in half an hour. Dean won’t be back for another hour. We’re right on schedule.” Sam replied, sighing as he leaned against the counter. It had been a tiring day.
“You’re becoming so confused and forgetful in your old age.” She snapped sarcastically. “I won. Now get inside.” She gestured at the door.
At that, both Dean and Cas straightened up, blinking at Sam in disbelief. He sat there looking back at both of them with concern. He wondered whether the years of head injuries had finally caught up to his brother.
“He makes a mess, it’s better if the kitchen stuff is left to me.” Dean snapped irritably before his brother had a chance to make snarky remarks.
Cas tilted his head, a small smile playing at his lips. “Well you can blame that on all the time we’ve been spending together. I’ve realised it’s fun getting reactions out of you.”
Dean rolled his eyes, huffing out. The irritation at his friend’s sassiness suddenly washed away the nerves he’d felt. Not that there was anything to be nervous about.
At that Dean finally let out the breath he’d been holding. The room stopped closing in, the fog lifted, he felt light.
More so. He admitted to himself. He didn't want to ruin what they had finally gotten back. Even if they had everything else stacked up against them, at least they were a family again.
He had spent so long being afraid of what would happen if the dynamic between him and Cas shifted. So much so that he’d been content just stifling anything that threatened it. He hadn’t realised it could be more of the same but so much better, and so much more freeing.
“Good to know some things haven’t changed.” Sam cut in, before awkwardly shuffling over and grabbing the bowl he needed.
He stayed silent for a moment before huffing out. “Dean I want to be around. I want to be here and be useful to you all in this fight against Chuck.”
“We aren’t boyfriends. Like she- that Kate chick was saying-” He patted himself on the back internally for being able to get the word out. However, his stupid mouth hadn’t gotten the memo to stop there.
“We were really clueless,” Dean muttered. Shaking his head with a smile, though there was a sadness behind his eyes as he spoke. Cas, as perceptive as ever to Dean, picked up on it.
Eventually, he had a moment alone with Cas who took the opportunity to briskly drag him away from the crowd. He led them both into the kitchen.
“I didn’t get to say it back.” Dean breathed out. Just like that, the words were out. He was surprised at how little resistance they put up.
Cas eyed the first text, slightly confused. He decided to save that conversation for later when Dean could explain it to him face to face.
“We’re gonna get you out of this, okay? We’re gonna find you a way out of the deal that won’t put Jack in danger. You’re gonna get to be happy without worrying about some bastard cosmic entity taking you away for it.” Dean could feel his throat closing up as he said it, the words becoming more and more strained.
Sam stared back at him. “Nope.” He replied, deadpan. It wasn’t their fault he could hear their thoughts, but he couldn’t help but be irritated at them for the inconvenience.
“Right, right. What does he call it- a profound bond.” She chuckled. The latter half of the sentence she said in a deep and gravelly tone, which seemed to be imitating a certain angel.
Over the course of several weeks, Sam and Jack had been constantly bombarding the two with outing ideas, duo hunts, and strange situations in general. Trying to figure out what it was all about was driving them mad.
“Jack it’s just.- We want them to admit their feelings for each other you know? Them getting married in Vegas it-” He sighed. For a split second, he considered considering it, before his better judgement kicked back in. “One, we can’t guarantee they even would get drunk and married, and two, it would probably just freak Dean out and then we’d be back to square one.”
“You know- that thing you said before the Empty-“ Dean’s chest tightened slightly at the mention of that terrible moment, sadness creeping in. Though he still overwhelmingly felt nervous and uneasy at the conversation taking place.
“The reservation was for two” Lee stated somewhat hesitantly, as if he were bracing himself for conflict.
He breathed in and kept going. “You know... when- when Jack was born, and Lucifer killed you. That’s the first time I actually knew. Or maybe it was the first time I admitted it to myself I don’t know man. But I knew then. And I was happy just knowing and never getting to have it because how could anyone love-, especially an angel- especially you-“ he cut himself off. He’d been more careful about the way he spoke of himself lately. Cas had told him he was worthy of love, and he wanted to believe it so bad, or at least be try being that person.
“Don’t be. I know I complain- but- I’m happy you like that place.” He reached over to pat Cas’ shoulder lightly.
“Cas will you marry me?” He swallowed down the nerves threatening to overwhelm him as he held forward the ring.
“Me? I’m fine, why you askin?” Dean jumped slightly and responded quickly, clearing his throat. He wondered if he’d been staring at Cas too long.
As if having the poor guy nuke taquitos day in and out was a better way to introduce him to being human than Dean’s ideas had been. (Cas still owed him that Lord of the Rings marathon… and that Vegas trip).
“If you don’t talk to him soon, I will Dean” Dean mimicked the threat from earlier in the day to himself in a high pitched voice.
“Yeah babe I know you did.” Dean patted his shoulder as he smiled gently. A second passed before his expression suddenly froze. He turned his gaze over to Sam slowly, with terror in his eyes.
“Yeah like. Quitting all the saving the world crap. Just having a regular life.” Dean pressed on, his heart beating out of his chest. He attempted to steady his breathing.
“What- No- I’m-“ Dean lowered his phone, staring blankly at Cas before swiftly looking away. He rubbed the back of his neck as he did so. He’d seemingly given up on finishing his sentence.
Sam, Dean, Cas and Jack stood around the bunker library table. Their collective nerves permeating throughout the room.
He frowned down at his phone. The humour from earlier made way for something else. Worry simmered in his chest when he thought about what Sam had been through recently. The loss he'd suffered. Neither of the Winchester’s were good at dealing with the things that happened to them. While Sam was better at it than Dean, Cas was still concerned.
It seemed like he couldn’t help looking for any excuse to be around or talk to Cas these days. More so than usual. Drawn, despite the danger Dean constantly felt radiating whenever they were together. Danger of losing him.
At that Jack and Sam whipped their heads over to look at Dean. Cas was nodding next to him as if he already knew what he was about to say.
As Dean spoke, Cas’ eye caught something sticking out of a lore book on the desk. The top of a familiar image peeked out, light reflecting off it slightly. Ignoring Dean for a moment, he stepped forward and pulled it out. Recognition immediately flooded him.
Dean chuckled at him, shaking his head. There wasn’t any humour in it. He felt tense for a reason he couldn’t quite place.
So now here Dean was. Parked outside of the same Gas N Sip multiple days a week, for pick up and drop off, like some sort of damn soccer mom.
“What’s wrong Sammy I thought this is what you wanted.” The split second of embarrassment he had felt had clearly worn off, but there was a defensive edge to his tone.
“Dean- you- you asked-” He sputtered excitedly for a moment. “Finally!” He exclaimed, throwing his arms in the air gleefully.
“We’ve been looking Sammy. There’s nothing in the lore. Jacks gone. We can’t summon it here. He’s-“ Dean managed to get out, no harshness or edge to his voice. It was just. Empty.
Dean’s breath froze for a moment, he dropped his hand and his eyes locked onto the man in front of him.
Dean chuckled. “Cas, knowing your taste in music I guessed that one already. I'm guessing Lizzo makes an appearance there somewhere? And all your other favourites?” He raised a brow.
“What is it?” Dean asked breathlessly, breaking away only for a moment before attempting to lean back in.
“Hey.” Dean stated, louder than necessary to get Castiel’s eyes back on him. “Right now we gotta keep you safe, so no over the top happiness or whatever. But. We’re gonna get you out of this deal, okay? I- I can’t wait to get you out of this deal.” He tried to sound firm but the last phrase came out soft.
Happiness wasn’t something he was used to keeping for long. Not only that, but he was still unlearning so much. Not cutting himself off right before he said something vulnerable. Not flinching for a moment, every time Cas reached for his hand.
“Jack, relax. Why do you think…“ He blanked again for a moment before continuing. “Why do you think Cas and Dean are married?”
Dean closed the door, choosing to ignore his brother calling out from his seat. Real rich of him to ask for something after being a dick all morning. He huffed angrily to himself.
“Nothing I- So what would it be that could actually make you that happy? For the Empty to come snatch you up?”
And so, they both continued to act like nothing happened. He was sure Cas must hate him, or resent him, or something. He’d laid his heart out bare to not even get an acknowledgement in return. He’d sacrificed himself for Dean, hell he’d become human in a roundabout way because of him. There had been no way to get him out of the Empty with his grace intact. And so he was human. Which wouldn’t have happened in the first place if he hadn’t saved Dean.
“What is his goal? You don’t think it’s anything serious, do you? Normally when you two lie to each other it involves secret deals, or angel possessions, or schemes, or working with your enem-“ He trailed off as Dean glared blankly at him. Cas looked back just as blankly.
He was jealous of a goddamn convenience store... great. He sighed to himself before attempting to start up conversation again.
Time passed. A minute, maybe an hour, maybe days, he couldn’t tell. But the rain began to beat down again, there was an electric energy in the air. He couldn’t tell if he was going crazy or if it was really there.
Cas smiled up at him, tears running down his face. He was pressing his lips together, holding it all in to let Dean speak.
“You could put it in your room if you want, I know you don’t have much stuff in there. I mean unless you think it’s weird to put a picture of yourself up in- But yeah I thought you’d want it so-“ He swallowed “Good. Now you have it.” He finished abruptly, patting Cas on the shoulder and moving through the doorway.
“You don’t think he was acting off?” Dean questioned incredulously, pointing his beer bottle in the direction of a long-gone Jack.
He took pictures on his camera of the woman. He also got some photos of the children who were running about. His file didn't say anything about him having a family, but here they were, with a woman on the side, it seems. It started to get late in the day, and when it looked like Dean would be leaving, he drove away, making sure that he wasn't seen.
Sam and Celine started to pay attention to the conversation he was having. They heard him give an estimate of where the group was before hanging up.
Sam gave him a suspicious look before moving away from the table. He stood and continued looking in his brother's eyes, trying to find a hind of deceit. Dean started the pup directly in the eyes with a slight smirk and a raised eyebrow. They continued the staredown until the doorbell rang.
Sam and Dean looked at each other, not needing to say a word before Sam went about his way. Dean looked at the sleeping girl on the couch with a smile. It seemed that after flying her back, Cas healed her as well.
The kid's area had a large sitting area that was directly in the middle. It was viewable from all of the different sections. Dean helped Sam collect a couple of books and bring them to a spot.
"Sam and I'll change and head out," Dean said while digging around in his wallet to find money and back pocket to find his phone before handing them to Mary. "You two find the stuff you need. Call us if you need anything."
Castiel's eyes slowly blinked open from what had to the best sleep he had in ages. He curled deeper into the comforting scent of his mate when he realized that he shouldn't be able to smell the alpha. He should have been home, but he didn't remember going home.
"They could plan for world peace, but noooooo. They're going to take it over. Just watch, you're going to wish you listened to me. I'm going to stop their planning for now." Emily bolted out of the room, coffee still in hand.
"It's alright," Dean soothed. "Save your mojo for when we get there. It should only be a couple of hours yet until we get to Colorado."
"I know everything is connected. I just don't have the physical or digital evidence to prove it. Too bad the modern justice system requires proof, or I would already have these bastards off the street. I've worked too hard and for too long not to see them locked up. You have to find something. If not..."
"Amara!" Donna waved wildly as if she hadn't seen the beta before. "I've gotten all caught up, and we are ready to get new leads. Charlie has been very helpful with her computer skills. She can cross-reference the information we're getting from everyone. We might be able to close this in the next couple of months. Is there anything else you got for us, boss?"
"If this is as big as you think it is," Jody stated, "I doubt they would have wanted to make the report and be in the system. Makes it harder to track."
"Great. You no longer have to talk to someone to order stuff." Taking a deep breath, Mary continued. "You said that you could sense magic, right? Something about people soul's and whatnot."
"Yes, he and his brother were going to spend some time with friends. He even just texted me saying that he just got back."
The case was still running through his head. Omega victim was found badly beaten and left to die out in the middle of woods. It was lucky that someone found the body was found when it was. Had the storm that made its way through had come in hours earlier, they would have left with even less. Evidence of the... torture... would have been absolutely lost, but they're still wasn't anything they could discern. There weren't even enough teeth for dental, and DNA wasn't anywhere in the system. In the weeks they were working on this case, absolutely nothing had come up.
After what felt like forever, it ended. The dark sight went away from Emily as she fell forward as the tension holding her back let off. Riley quickly squirmed, trying the get Mary to let her go, which she did, and ran to her mother. Before she got there, Celine quickly grasped the girl and pulled her into her lap.
"Yes," the omega said softly. "I remember you from earlier. Sorry, I did not really introduce myself. I am Mr. Novak. I am your brother's teacher. I hope to have a pleasant year with Sam in my class."
"Totally," Charlie told him, not taking her eyes off her task but waving her hand in acknowledgment.
"Great," Sam exclaimed. "You can join us at the library. Dean takes me every couple of weeks. You weren't there the last couple of times to read stories. You do read at school, but it's not the same."
The woman lifted her hand with a smirk on her face. The group tensed, waiting for something to happen. When nothing did, the woman across the room looked at them with an angry look on her face.
"As an FBI consultant, I have to do background checks to work with them every-so-often. When Agent Bellum came to me for my help in this operation, I agreed."
"The best I could do was get doubles," Sam said, making sure that he and Dean were sharing a room instead of with anyone else.
"Suit yourself," Dean told him. Grabbing a mug and filling it. He walked back to where the omega was standing. He was standing slightly outside of the room, looking at all the photos hanging up along the wall. "Those are our parents," Dean said, pointing at a picture of his mom and dad before he came into their lives. They were quite a young couple when they first had him.
The two walked up to the house in comfortable silence. Breaking the silence, Mary said, "By the way, we definitely need to get you an anti-possession tattoo. Can't have you being possessed. Again."
Dean checked his watch; it was a couple of minutes past when he usually woke up. He also noticed that he had dozed off for an hour with his laptop still set on his lap with the screen darkened. Dean let out a huge yawn before putting his attention back on his brother.
"That seemed like a waste," John immediately brought up. "Maybe we shouldn't have listened to them."
Sam avoided the man whenever he could. When John did corner the boy and finally ask questions, he would give him some bullshit answer and continued saying he needed to do something. That something usually ended up reading something from Bobby's library. Dean, on the other hand, was harder to get answers from. His oldest didn't actively avoid him like this youngest, but there was the issue of having the creature actively around his son. When it wasn't there, he would have answered similar to Sam.
Amara slipped past the alpha and closed the door in his face. Lucifer could hear soft talking from the other side but could not figure out what was being said. He turned on his heel and went back downstairs. He was on his way to the kitchen when he was sidetracked by the sound of the doorbell ringing. He made a pitstop to check who it was and was greeted with a familiar face with short brown hair.
"But what about the sanctity of mating?" Amara asked with an overly dramatic sigh. "What would the children think?"
"We're here to see you, of course. We didn't really get to say much to each other the other day, so we decided to come here and talk."
"Yes, most of the time I wouldn't think anything of it, but with the other flowers... Violets represent faithfulness and watchfulness. In these contexts... I think this spell is more about separating the child from their lives and being to transition them into another. Since this seems to be more so about changing their mindset, there is also  failsafe it the summoning doesn't work: a tracking element."
"Do with have to go?" Steve asked him, sleep running through his voice as he moved to unbuckle himself.
Kali and Gabe watched the easy comradery between the two as they got to work in the kitchen. As soon as the coffee was made, Dean made the twosome cups he and Amara continued cutting up fruit. When the kettle whistled, Amara grabbed a teabag from the box she handed to Dean earlier and poured the steaming water into the set-aside mug.
Finishing his shower, he quickly shook the thoughts out of his head, not wanting to think about the absolute nothing they had. He walked out of the bathroom, took a moment to see his omega wrapped around his pillow before heading out to the smaller bedroom Sam occupied. The tiny pup was spread out like a starfish with all of his blankets on the ground. Dean put them back over the child to prevent him from getting cold during the night. Dean gave him a small hair ruffle before heading back to his bedroom.
"No, I am okay with it. I would love to spend time with them. It would also be easier if..." Cas stopped, a blush covering his face.
"Cas had been molting, or whatever Sam calls it, a lot more lately. I try to get all of the feathers, but that doesn't always work." He pried the feather from her hands and put it inside of his overshirt.
"Not necessarily," Emily said. "The police department has a newsletter they send out every couple of months. It details the kinds of crimes that happened within that period and where they occurred. They all get archived online. I would also guess that moving around too much would lead to too many questions, so you could search buildings within an area of interest."
"Was that what all those emails were about?" Celine deadpanned. "I opened them, and then closed them when I realized they weren't the cliff notes."
Castiel finished the last few bites when he heard the door slam shut. Straightening up his back, he slowly turned around and noticed two people behind him. One with a balding head of white hair and the other with brown hair pulled up into a tight bun. Both wore business suits with smug smiles on their faces.
"Cassie needs us," was the only thing he said before Dean's head popped up from the file, eyes flashing red.
"Thank God for small mercies," Lucifer muttered as Gabe went back to unlock his care getting chuckles from both Cas and Dean.
The waiter looked toward John, seeing if this was what he wanted. He smiled and nodded toward the man. When the waiter left, Mary's face became more serious.
"Let's do it," a distinctly feminine voice said from behind everyone. The men in the room turned toward it, all with some version of shock on their faces.
"I know we're not the closest family ever, but we usually hear from him every once in a while. I've heard nothing from him, which is unusual. You don't think... He couldn't, right?"
Sam and Lucifer continued talking while Cas sat there munching on the pickles and peanut butter. He was thinking so hard, worried about the omegas that they've discovered earlier that day. Could this possibly be his fault? When Lucifer took him out of their parent's home, he did his best to move on and bury the trauma deep inside of him. Maybe if he had done something, so many others would not have suffered from his silence.
He finally reached his place of business, the Lawrence Police Department, and walked in. He was told by the chief the homicide detectives here didn't need to dress up, just be presentable when going into public. That, and no one should be wearing their best shoes if a suspect decided to run for it. That sounded like Dean's dress code already: boots, jeans, a T-shirt, and an overshirt. Didn't mean that he wasn't nervous wearing what he was on his first day on the job.
"Well, this is the best we got for now. Maybe it can lead us somewhere whether the story is true or not," Dean shrugged, taking his shirt off while he got into bed. "By the way, the chief gave me Wednesday off."
Turning to fully face him, she said, "I'm going to let you in on a secret. Everyone knows that you're here. Cas said that your mind felt different, at peace. I volunteered to make sure that was true, that you became a decent person again. If I thought so if you somewhat reminded me of the person I married, you would be allowed in. Now, come on, Emma is going to be wanting to come inside soon. It's the perfect time to meet."
"Donald Dunham, you are under arrest for three counts of homicide and two counts of kidnapping. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to talk to a lawyer and him them present with you while you are being questioned. If you cannot afford to hire a lawyer, one will be appointed to represent you before any questioning if you wish. You can decide at any time to exercise these rights and not answer or make any statement. Do you understand each of these rights as I have explained them to you?"
"Hello, I'm Emily," the woman said with a forced smile on her face. "Does every know what they want?"
"I'll bring you some then. And you better eat it." Amara squirmed off the bed and made her past Lucifer. "Keep an eye on him for me, why don't you?"
"We've had our hand at people that come back from the dead," Bobby spoke, deciding that it was better to hear the information from him than the other two.
"Except for when you make a deal with a demon to get it," Dean muttered under his breath, but loud enough for everyone to hear it.
"Crying. We have to figure out a way out of here," Emily frantically said as she tried to find a weakness in the door she could exploit.
"Again, nothing happened. We just talked about why he was initially scared of me and stuff and why he started talking to me."
Dean walked down the stairs into Bobby's study. Sam was sitting on the right side of the couch, reading an old tome, while Cas was sitting on the other side, resting on the arm. Dean walked over to the couch, moving over to ruffle Sam's hair.
"After that," Dean continued, "it was mostly her trying to find a way to de-age herself. She's been slowly getting there but not quite finished."
They quickly nodded. Dean then remembered the uncuffed perp in the other room. "Wait here for a second," he told them.
"They weren't out in the parking lot when we came in. We also checked your classroom. We didn't find anything."
"For this to be the telling of it, it has to be someone from the tribe," Charlie said. "I'm sure if it was the army's, it would have ended with how having knowledge is a 'true gift to behold.'"
"Put your hands on yop of your head and don't move," Benny told him. "Go check on the kids," motioned for Dean to move, keeping his gun aimed for Donald's center of mass.
"Ahh, your little brother." Dean wasn't even going to ask how she knew about Sam. "I'm free Friday and have nothing going on."
"I got him," Amara reassured him. "You doing this will be a great up getting your parents locked up. I think we should focus on that first and foremost."
There was some talking between the coherent girl and the man before the girls got inside. The man made his way toward Dean with a grateful smile on his face.
"Well, I'm guessing that a thousand-year-old hag would get too many strange looks," Dean mentioned, "so there has to be an anti-aging component to the spell.
Michael had paced back and forth while everyone was trying to getting comfortable. It was impossible with the worry that was seeping out of him.
Dean guided Cas to the couch, where Sam immediately gave up his seat for the angel. The angel opened up the blankets and revealed a pale head of dark brown hair suckling their thumb. Mary gently brushed her finger against the baby's nose, getting a scrunched up look, before settling back down, and going back to sleep.
Once Bobby finished the statement, all three of them heard the back door close. John and Mary stood tense, wondering who it could possibly be while Bobby had a slight smile on his face. "This'll be interesting," he thought.
"Yep. You're surprised, aren't you? Well, that's the point. It's also pretty helpful in human trafficking. No one sees you coming."
Everyone left the room, while she got to work, working on the case she heard them get earlier, she assumed. She was nearly done when the angel, Castiel she remembered, came back it, heading directly for the fridge. She watched him pull out a carton of ice cream and a jar of pickles. He was already grabbed a spoon and was digging into both before he noticed her standing there. Instead of continuing, he stood there staring at her with ice cream smudges on his cheeks.
John stared at her in shock. "Mary...," he started softly. "There's no reason for this. I promise that I will fix this."
The man straightened up and stopped shaking. The gun hand was firmly placed against the woman's temple, who was still pleading with Dean to save her.
"Oh, they also make animated movies. Make you cry over everything: toys, fish, cars, rats, robots, a couple just living life... doors."
Cas gave him an enormous grin and started shaking from the excess energy he was yet to share with anyone. Dean took a step closer, bringing his hands around Cas's face, and quickly pulled the omega into a kiss. He didn't know how long he was standing there, embracing the love of his life and the soul they created together when they were interrupted by loud coughing. They turned toward the noise and saw Lucifer and Benny standing there.
The weight on Dean's chest disappeared with the sound of flapping wings. Dean sat up, leaning on his elbows, smiling. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw slight movement. Dean turned his head to see a black feather delicately lying on the bed. Picking it up, he twirled it between his fingers.
Mary nodded in agreement before taking Cas by the arm and practically dragged him away from Dean. Shotgun in hand, she hoped that they deduced the correct part of town and that this would be over soon. The sooner this was over, the more time would have to think about things.
Abbadon looked at Naomi in surprise before turning her eyes up in thought. She began pacing back and forth before halting on her heel and turning toward them. "Let me look into it. It'll take a bit, but I'll look into it. Don't say anything to anyone else. Don't even talk about it to each other. I'll be back with you tomorrow. Considering how the next couple of days go, I'll be in touch over our next steps."
"She went to get more chairs," Sam said over his shoulder, paying attention to the work in front of them.
"While you were upstairs, Sam told me some things. And from personal experience, I don't think he would take it well." Mary gave Cas a small, sad smile. "How about we figure out what the others are planning, shall we?"
"What happened?" Dean asked, looking back between Amara's murderous look while Cas had a terrified look. He immediately opened his arms that were filled with the scared omega.
"Probably see him as the one going to be in charge and started following him," Dean added. "Save their own hides."
"Fine," Cas grounded out, knowing that if Gabe called Lucifer, he would be on the next flight in. Maybe he would be able to calm the beta down. "So you know Lucifer's job, right?"
"Speaking of him, I should probably feed the pup. At least I don't have to force him to eat vegetables, the weirdo."
"Dean. He said we could do anything today, and I chose to come here. I'm glad I did. I like listening to you read."
"Detective Winchester," Captain Mills spoke up. "I'm Captain Jody Mills. I was hoping that we could talk."
"Sure, we," Dean said, making up plans. "You two wouldn't be able to do much in the field; we can't make fake IDs this quickly, so you can help with research."
"I'm the only unmated alpha. We collectively decided that I should leave. Charlie let me borrow a laptop so that I could still work."
Thank you, Cas silently mouthed before looking to the mothers who had huddled back up during Dean's conversation with Maddie. "We are ready to leave now. I'll be at the front of the line, showing everyone where to go. I ask that you make sure the children stay with their buddies and make sure they don't walk into the road. There usually isn't much traffic at this time during the day, but you never know. Are we ready to go?"
Cas looked around the living room, noticed his family sitting around a cake on the coffee table with no decorations around them.
Once Emma had calmed down, Emily shifted her so that girl was comfortably settled in her left arm. Reaching with her right arm, she grabbed onto Riley, who made herself comfortable.
"I'm sure that even you have realized that we're true mates at this point. In most time scales, we're moving pretty slow."
John continued to pace outside of the shop. He was sure that if anyone were to see him, they would think he was crazy. He watched as the group moved away from the window further into the store. Why were they trusting a witch? In the history of all of Earth, that was never a good idea.
"Baby, why didn't you call us, so you would have to find us," Dean said, concerned that the angel was getting more and more tired."
Suddenly, the light filling the room started to flicker and the sound of electricity filled the room. Shadows of what had to be large wings filled the room behind Cas. Then, as if nothing happened, the room was back to normal. Everyone was nearly gasping in surprise. Except for Dean, who could see the real things instead of the shadows. Seeing the real thing certainly overshadowed these imprints.
"What do you now have in the bag?" Missouri questioned before looking at the bottle. She looked around it before opening the cap and pouring a couple of capsules in her hand. There was a confused look on her face before calling out. "Pam, can you look at these."
"Well then, your chariot awaits," Dean said, with a mocking voice and bow. He only heard a small chuckle before standing up straight again.
"She could just be waiting until they are far away from where she is supposed to be. Any normal person would question that," John said.
"There was also talk about getting one of the chosen children, but I didn't get what that was about. Cas disappeared quickly after that and Crowley looked scared."
Maddie limped her way into Cas's arms, trying to get comfortable. Once she realized people were still looking at her, he hid her snout in Cas's arm and turned away from everyone.
"That may or may not have been my primary motivation in coming over. I mean, I did set up everything. You're welcome, by the way."
"While the group that makes up the initial mythology are fake, the stories come from real groups of people all across the world," Abbadon rushed out. With Dean facing her again, she continued. "These savage groups would be made up mostly of omegas and betas who would rule over alphas and had the capabilities of killing them. Didn't even care at the number they killed."
They continued walking for a bit before Mary saw an ice cream sign out of the corner of her eye. She squealed like a teenage girl before taking the angel by the hand and pulling him toward the ship. Mary spent a while looking at all of the flavors that were offered, even taking a sample of everything that interested her. She ended up ordering a double scoop of banana pudding. It tasted like the real thing.
"Come on, I'm starving," Amara said, herding the three of them toward the back of the room where they found Gabe sitting there anxiously while Kali was casually scrolling through her phone.
"He was not happy when I said that I was going out with an alpha. He wants to meet you before we leave. I understand if you decide not to come."
"Those kids are way too smart to believe anything but the truth," Dean agreed before standing up. He grabbed the omega's hand, which he gladly took, and pulled the man up to him. Resting his head against the omega's, he continued, "You ready for this?"
He looked through the pages for a while before setting the pages down. To Dean and Mary, he asked "do you two see anything about 'the worthless?'" he asked them.
Sam gave her a little yip in the affirmative before he made his way to Christie and Steve. Christie gave him a slight pat on the head, and Steve opened his eyes in surprise before cautiously holding his hand out. He settled from the over-enthusiastic licks he got from his older friend before the two collapsed in a pile with Christie watching them affectionately.
"Follow me then," the host said, leading them to a booth in the back, despite the diner being practically empty.
"Oops," Dean said, with fake remorse. Grabbing those beautiful wings made Dean hard. "Now that I'm touching them, though, maybe you can let be do more stuff to you."
He rested his hand on his slowly ballooning stomach. "Can you stop being so picky?" he asked the baby. "I still need to eat."
"Okay, you lost me, mean," Dean said, struggling to make everything fit in his head. "Why don't you tell us everything you know?"
As the night continued on, the adults got themselves cleaned up, along with the children. Every so often, another person would come back in the room, shifting into their wolf form. Although no one said anything, it was instantly understood that Castiel would be in the middle of the nest, with Dean curled over his back. Everyone else made their way into different arrangements while the pups laid across the adults of their choosing.
Man,” Ash said, shaking his head before letting out a short laugh. “I dig it.” He turned back around to grab a plate of food for himself before sliding into a seat at a table with Ellen, Jo, and Rufus. “What’s up, happy people? You like what I’ve done with the place?”
say, but really should, is that it’s alright; because even in the dark days, there will always be a light to guide you back home.”
“Of course. Go ahead, Darling. Samuel’s not giving me much to work off anyway,” she said, shaking her head, and Eileen laughed. She could see why everyone liked Rowena.
Dean thought on the moment of the proposal fondly now; it had been early in the morning, only a few days after getting Cass back from the Empty. Dean hadn’t slept much that first week. Not because he and Cass were doing it like rabbits (though, yeah, that was kind of true too), but because he was just too happy to sleep. His mind refused to shut-off.
But his brother had then quite literally stolen the keys to the Impala to keep them from leaving. He’d spent the next few hours talking them into agreeing to
“You know, I was there when these two knuckle-heads first met,” Bobby said once everyone had calmed down again, and then he shrugged. “I mean... I was passed out on the floor, but I was there.” Of course, Rufus then heckled him and called him an alcoholic. Bobby told him to do one, which probably wasn’t the most eloquent thing to say during a wedding speech. But hell, this wasn’t exactly a normal wedding.
on apple-tea-knees. The only thing Dean seemed to care about now was making that shiner disappear before he had to walk down the aisle in only a few hours.
“Don’t worry man,” Dean responded. “When it’s your wedding, you can read all the sappy poetry you want.” Sam rolled his eyes, even as it received a hoot of support from the attendees. Sam tried to resist the urge to look over at Eileen, but he, of course, failed. She was as beautiful as always, and blushing. Sam wondered if his cheeks were that red too.
,” shouted the British demon at the back of the room. And, yep, high alcohol tolerance notwithstanding, he was
no less, who had more reason than most to be sullen, silent grouches. Well, it was a welcome surprise.
Everyone’s eyes were on him immediately, and he certainly hated it. But he supposed it was a small price to pay to be part of this family.
He continued the ceremony with: “Anyone who knows Dean and Cass, knows that these two have been through Hell and back. Literally.” That gained some more laughter from the attendees. “They weren’t, [quote],
He was perhaps beginning to sweat just a little with all this attention today, so it was probably a good thing that he wasn’t wearing make-up anymore, because Jack had healed up that black eye for him right after the ceremony. Again, Dean had made him promise not to tell anyone about that. Not today, anyway. No one wanted his jack ass of a father to ruin their day, and he was
Truthfully, Cass hadn’t wanted either of them here – they were both Dean’s exes after all; or, well,
He reached out and took Cass’s hand, pulling him closer so he could get a better look at those beautiful blue eyes. Dean would have thought that, after all the time he’d lost staring into them, he would be fed up with it by now. He wasn’t. He never would be.
There was a loud squeal of laughter coming from the buffet area, and all eyes turned to watch as Eileen squirmed and laughed, while Sam struggled to hold her still long enough to blow raspberries on her neck. Beside them, Dean had his mouth filled to the brim with food, his cheeks ballooned up like a chipmunk, looking as though he was only one surprised laugh away from choking to death. Meanwhile, Cass was hugging him tightly from behind, his head rested on Dean’s shoulder as they both fondly watched the scene play out in front of them.
.” At this point, Cass reached across and took Dean’s hand in his own. Sam continued on with the lyrics: “
wedding was filled with hunters. There weren’t that many people here who got their happy ever after. So, seeing it now, seeing that unadulterated joy shining for the whole world to see, and seeing it from the
“Nah, it’s alright, Ellen,” Ash responded. “We all know he’s got delicate tastebuds.” Jo laughed while Rufus grunted something inaudible under his breath. Ash couldn’t hear it, but he had no doubt that it was an insult.
“For the past twelve years, I’ve fought by your side. I’ve fought heaven, and hell, and everything in between. I’ve chosen you over every
It was only once Dean reached the head of the aisle and turned back around, his eyes lighting up, and his smile growing ten-fold, that Mary realised that Cass must have made his entrance.
“Do I look like a painted whore to you,” Dean protested as Charlie neared him with a make-up brush. She grinned.
“I,” Jody started and stopped. She stared for a moment, and then frowned. “I have no idea what that is.”
a struggle. Because ‘lover’ was technically true, but it felt too flippant. ‘Partner’ was too stale. Dean didn’t like it. However, ‘boyfriend’ seemed too juvenile, seeing everything they had been through together.
“And today’s been pretty fun actually,” he continued light-heartedly. “Even better than that time I killed Hitler.”
Charlie smiled and nodded. “Yeah.” She was alright; she was. Because besides the inkling of jealousy she felt settling in her chest, there was also a calmness to it all. In a way, it was kind of like a reassurance that, if she ever wanted to actually try for the whole settling-down thing, she could. But today wasn’t about her. “How are you doing,” she asked. “Nervous?”
So, when Cass paused, looking deep into his eyes, as though asking for permission to continue, Dean nodded.
“Would you quit acting like a baby and just let me put make-up on you,” Charlie demanded. And, after only a moment more of hesitation, Dean finally nodded and let her closer. She was able to put the concealer on over his black eye without any further complaints. Thankfully, there was only minor bruising, and his face wasn’t swollen. If it had been any worse, Charlie didn’t think she’d be able to help. As it was, a few different coloured concealers and a lot of blending, and Dean was as good as new. Charlie-X helped too, touching it up where Charlie herself missed, and then leaving to re-join Stevie and the rest of the wedding guests.
“Yeah, put your ass into it,” Jo added on, and Cass let out a happy laugh as he took control of their dance and led Dean around the floor.
He hopped over the counter and grabbed the three bottles of beer, taking a detour on his way back to the table to grab one more plate of nachos from the buffet. Linda Tran was the only one there at the moment, refilling some of the empty containers with more food. She smiled and nodded at him as he grabbed a new plate.
“I swear, I’m not much of a fighter,” Ash muttered, staring after her retreating form. “But I might just kill that witch.” Jody laughed.
She didn’t have the different champagnes on hand to try, but she did have descriptions, so Charlie glanced down the list and picked one for the toasts. Linda left to tell Ash (who was also helping to organise the wedding since the reception would be at the Roadhouse; and, yeah, Charlie wasn’t sure exactly how
“It’s fine,” Sam insisted. “And even if I wasn’t. Well, I can’t exactly go tell him off for flirting with my girlfriend when I’m kinda the reason why he died.” He said it as a joke and followed it up with a nervous laugh, but Eileen knew that he still did blame himself for that. He didn’t seem to be in the mood to actually talk about that right now, though, so Eileen just pressed a kiss to his cheek.
. Dean was really getting into it as they belted out the verses, and Garth was glad to see him enjoying himself so much. By the time they got to the guitar solo, the newlyweds just started making out on stage, and everyone hooted and hollered. Still, they didn’t seem to care, not bothering to continue on with the final chorus as they got progressively handsy up there.
Cass was saying it. The only other time that Cass had told him this, it had been moments before the Empty appeared and swallowed him up, taking him from Dean before he’d even had the time to process it.
. He was sure that word would always fill him with butterflies. “I didn’t mind,” Dean eventually answered. “In fact... I’m kinda glad that you did.”
Charlie continued. “They’re not exactly what you might call a normal couple. Not even in hunter definitions. But I say screw being normal.” That was met with a collective ‘
While everyone was laughing at that and throwing in their own jibes, Sam and Eileen led Crowley outside for some fresh air.
“Calm down, Doctor Bad Ass,” she said. “The invitation specifically said that no murder is allowed.”
“When you were little, I used to tell you that angels were watching over you. It was just a saying back then... but, I guess I was right.” Mary took a deep breath then and turned to Cass. “Castiel, I am so happy to call you my son.”
“Alright, grubs up,” Ash called once the last of the speeches were done, and he’d got the go-ahead from Mrs Tran. They’d lined all of the pool tables up at the back wall, covered them with boards, and that was where the buffet was laid out.
She regretted her words almost instantly. She forgot that sometimes her jokes came off as malicious rather than just dark-natured. Kaia would have been able to laugh and ease the situation if she was here, but she was sitting a few tables down with Jody, Donna, and Alex.
“We’re gathered here today,” he said loudly, being sure that his voice carried through the gathering of family and friends, “to celebrate the love of Dean Winchester and Castiel.” Sam laughed to himself, smirking momentarily as he continued with: “So, let’s get these two idiots hitched, shall we?”
“That’s why I got in a bottle of blue label,” Ash continued around a mouth full of mashed potato. “Just for you.” He nodded to the kitchen, and Rufus grinned.
Kevin nodded, so Eileen quickly made her way through the crowd, leaving Claire and Kaia to keep Kevin out of trouble. Though, a voice in her head told her that perhaps they would only end up doing the exact opposite...
,” Kevin signed to her once she finally glanced back around at him. And if she wasn’t mistaken, Eileen could have sworn he looked disappointed. She nodded. “
The werewolf was partnered with Eileen. And behind them stood the mullet guy (Mary thought his name might have been Ash) with Jo Harvelle. Behind them was Rowena and that Southern vampire, who seemed far too attached to Dean. Then Jody and Donna.
But Cass didn’t want the words to sit with him like that; he wanted Dean to remember them in a different light.
Thankfully, though, Cass knew her well, as he only smiled. And Dean shook his head while responding with: “Not unless you’re twenty-one, you don’t.”
“You know, when I proposed to Cass, we weren’t exactly looking at going the whole ‘big family wedding and reception’ kind of route. But none of you would let us run off to elope in Vegas in front of an Elvis impersonator, so here we are.” That joke had the added bonus of being 100% true.
Garth and Bess continued dancing as more and more people joined in with the karaoke takeover. Surprisingly, that eventually included Cass and Dean, who both got up with a bottle of champagne between them, singing and dancing along to A-C-D-C’s
“Easy, Cowboy,” Charlie chastised as the pair finally broke apart. “You gotta wait until after your vows for that part.”
“I’m Jody,” she said, shaking his hand before reaching for a knife to cut the pie (which was apple and rhubarb, according to the tag wrapped around the pan), and Ash passed her a plate. “This is a pretty decent spread you got here,” Jody said.
,” she signed back and then returned her gaze back to the karaoke stage. The song was nearly over now, but Eileen suspected Rowena wasn’t going to let Sam leave quite so easily. She sighed and turned back to Kevin. “
Rowena ignored his attitude as she continued with: “I’ll take a gin and tonic.” Ash just reached over and passed her the entire bottle of gin. Maybe she would be more tolerable if she were drunk.
until I met you,” Cass said, turning to face him, and Dean pressed a short kiss against his cheek. He loved his sappy little angel. “That was when my whole life changed.”
“Damn right,” Claire muttered accidentally into the microphone. There was some more cheering before everyone settled again. “Anyway, like I was saying...” she cast a glance back down to the newlyweds, noting how comfortably they were sitting together, even despite the preceding ruckus. “Cass and Dean are two very different people,” she said, looking back out at the crowd. “But their differences complement each other. They work together, like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.”
Sam had never seen Dean smile so wide as he was doing right now, standing at the altar, and preparing to marry his best friend. Dean was so thrilled that he couldn’t seem to stand still, brimming with energy and happiness.
He looked out across the room at the faces, both familiar and unfamiliar alike. Even those who he had once known felt like strangers to him now... like Garth, and Jody, and (hell) even
“Cross my heart,” Charlie promised, looking down at the purple knee-length dress in question and straightening it out. “Thanks again for the loan.” Mary thought that it was a good thing that neither Cass nor Dean had decided that they wanted their party to all match, else she would have been out of luck for getting a spare outfit this close to the ceremony.
“Listen, I’ll go try them and decide. Why don’t you practice your speech, or something,” she offered, but that only made Dean look nervous. “You did remember to
. He stood there beside the three-tiered cake (which, yes, okay, Dean wasn’t a huge fan of cake really; but this one did look pretty amazing, so props there), and cleared his throat as he began to speak.
“Dean and Cass are two of my best friends,” Charlie said. “I’ve known Dean for longer, sure.” She shrugged and then leant forward and stage-whispered: “But I kinda like Cass better,” before raising a finger to her lips and making a shushing sound.
.” She shrugged. It wasn’t exactly something she would recommend doing or idolising, it had been pretty reckless actually. But, hey, she was allowed to brag about herself every now and then. And after Linda had left to go deal with an issue with the wedding cake, Eileen and Kevin had both just fallen into hunting stories. Although Kevin’s stories mostly revolved around a computer, he still had some good anecdotes to share.
Sam was already shaking his head and leading Jack away, covering his ears, before Dean could even respond with his: “What a good idea.”
Sam just rolled his eyes, and continued the reading. He managed to get through the final verse without any more interruptions from the stupidly happy couple gazing into each other’s eyes up here on the altar, looking as though no one else was around.
Jody laughed. She’d heard her fair few stories about him lately. They ranged from ridiculous to sleazy. But Jody wasn’t one to judge. Plus, he was clearly close with the brothers, since it was his idea to have the wedding here after he’d revived the Roadhouse.
Before either of them could speak, though, there was suddenly the loud sound of someone coughing up a storm and launching a glass at a nearby wall. It was that demon Crowley again, his mouth visibly smoking as he grabbed the wine glass right out of a nearby hunter’s hand and chugged the whole thing.
Dean breathed in as he moved his hand up to gently and tentatively stroke the other man’s cheek with his thumb. The rest of his fingers lightly brushed against Castiel’s hair. He surprised himself with the movement, but let it happen. This time he spoke out louder, though his voice wavered with emotion.
He still didn’t understand why Jack or Sam were making such a big deal out of a simple dinner. Hell, if it were up to him, they would’ve just ordered some pizza and been done with it. However, while he wasn’t the biggest fan of being bossed around into stuffy clothes and an even stuffier restaurant. He had to admit. He didn’t necessarily mind Cas’ new look. From a purely objective point of view, that is.
Worry washed over Sam. Not only where they back early, but they didn’t seem very smitten. The opposite in fact. They were throwing each other pointedly angry glances. He’d never seem them be this overtly mad at each other. Silent treatment and ignoring each other’s existence was their usual methodology when it came to fighting.
Dean sighed lightly, guilt beginning to fester. He turned off the ignition as he responded. “Come on man you don’t- I’m sorry. It’s really fine. We’ll hang out some other night.”
Sure he’d been pacing and huffing outside the storage room for about fifteen minutes  now. But he was just preparing himself.
“It’s fine Cas.” Sam smiled lightly; his tone implied that he clearly wanted to just be back on the road again. He was about to enter the car before he froze suddenly and pointed at Dean; who had walked back over to the driver’s side; accusatorily over the roof of the car.
Cas’ eyes widened slightly. He glanced back where Dean had left a few moments ago. The room remained deadly silent for a moment before he finally found his voice again.
He seemed to finally reach a conclusion though as he looked up at Dean and breathed in with purpose. He spoke carefully, each sentence constructed with care.
He stared down at the floor waiting for Sam to respond. When nothing came he looked up slowly, for some reason scared of the reaction he’d see.
The three dots flickered, disappearing again after a moment. That happened twice more before Cas sent through another text.
He wished he could turn back around and follow after Cas. Lay it all out on the table. Tell him everything. Empty be damned. He’d fight it off with his bare hands if he had to.
On the perfectly made, obviously unslept in bed, lay what Dean thought was a piece of cloth. He frowned and stepped forward to investigate, making his footsteps as loud and heavy as possible, in case Cas was hiding somewhere nearby.
Meeting your mother after being separated from her for thirty years is never going to be an easy situation. Meeting your mother after she’s been
The clothes did fit. They were a little big, the fabric of the shirt’s shoulders bunching and rippling where it searched for Dean’s slightly broader shoulders, but he looked good. He looked normal.
Good for Sam, Dean thought. Sam Winchester, little brother Sammy, getting the girl like always - it was what he deserved: love, happiness-
Dean huffed and refocused his eyes, realising he’d been driving almost on autopilot. They couldn’t be more than half an hour away from the bunker now, the winding roads cutting familiar shapes on the horizon.
Jack reached out to grip Dean’s wrist, his hands bruising him beneath his thin shirt, “I want-” He started, his teeth gritted.
“How about something to eat?” Dean started, an old trick he’d always used on Sam: food, then talk, “I’ll make you something, anything, then we can sort this shit out.”
Cas and Mary both frowned in unison. Cas at the formality of Dean calling him by his full name, and Mary at the name itself. Dean wondered if she’d heard it before, if she had any sense of what Cas was.
“Cas?” He called again, knowing he sounded pathetic - his voice was breaking, not even able to make it through the single syllable, so pathetically dependent on those three letters.
“He’s dead.” The look on Cas’ face was far worse than anything Dean had anticipated, worse than anything he’d ever seen before.
That wasn’t strictly true. This isn’t something even Dean Winchester could do alone. He remembered Bobby sitting him down at the kitchen table and teaching him how to forge prescriptions, sternly lecturing him on needle safety. He thought of a long-forgotten hunter in a bar, writing the name of a surgeon down on a scrap of paper and passing it to him under the table, the note light between his fingers, like a drug deal. And of Sam in a motel room at night, crying his eyes out as John shouted at him, bearing the brunt of the punishment after he shaved Dean’s head.
Instead, he launched himself across the room at Cas, sitting him up, making sure he was solid, drinking it all in. He just had to feel him, just to be sure.
Slowly, he raised his hand to touch where Dean’s had been, smiling as he felt his pulse race beneath his fingers. Dean thought, for a moment, that he saw a little colour touch his cheeks.
Cas didn’t seem to mind, though. He was trying to sit up, muddling through his confusion, “Dean?” He said again, blinking.
Cas was the quietest of them all. Dean knew he was turning everything over in his mind, that he was dying to ask where Jack was, but too afraid to find out the inevitable. Part of him wanted to grab him by the wrist and take him outside, to at least try and comfort him by repeating Jack’s speech, to hope there was a well-timed rumble of thunder or gust of wind that could make them both feel a little less broken up. He imagined how they’d stare at each other, then, and how he’d manage to say it all with a single look.
He breathed a sigh of relief when they entered the bunker. Mary looked around, peering at the severe metal stairs in confusion, as though she was sure she’d just walked into some kind of trap.
They all drank together. It should’ve felt celebratory but it wasn’t. It wasn’t sad, though. It was just quiet, small, the feeling you get when you’re the last person left at the bar and you can feel the bartender watching you, waiting for you to leave. It was a wake, a wake if the person who’d died hadn’t been well loved, or, maybe, if they’d been too well loved and people didn’t know how to talk about it.
Jack's smile wavered for a moment but he said nothing, staring at Sam and Dean like he was trying to memorise them. And maybe he was.
Cas looked at Dean, finally letting go of him and shoving his hands into his pockets, “I’m an angel.” He said bluntly.
“Yeah, well-” Dean reached out hopelessly to grasp Cas’ shoulder but decided against it at the last second, dropping his hand to his side and curling it into a fist.
Dean couldn’t even begin to formulate a response to that. He looked at Cas’ unwavering gaze and opened his mouth wordlessly, trying to think of how he could possibly answer that level of devotion. There just weren’t words for it.
“Hey, careful,” Dean wheezed, surprised by the embrace, and far too aware of the way Mary’s eyes were burning into them, hearing the sharp breath she sucked in as Cas’ fingers curled into Dean’s hair.
“No, you-” Dean didn’t have the right words. He searched for them, delving deep into the past, searching for some parental figure who’d comforted him, searching for old movies or sitcoms, anything that would help him talk to this kid.
“Dean,” Mary said, not really addressing him, more tasting the word in her mouth. It can’t have been all that unfamiliar, not with her being the one to give him that nickname, shortening the stuffy, too-formal name he’d inherited from his grandmother.
Dean understood. He couldn’t imagine what it was like, the pain of it all, the suffering he’d have had to witness. Years ago, though it felt more like centuries, he’d tried his hand at reaping. It wasn’t something he thought about much anymore; the nightmares and the guilt had ceased and made way for new horrors, but it gave him a certain level of understanding, a means to meet Jack half way.
Something about this seemed off to Dean, too easy. There was a swimming feeling in his stomach that couldn't have come from his hangover, something acidic and close to terror.
“When he exploded, you know, in The Empty? He became a- a vacuum, and he sucked up so much power that he just kind of…” Dean waved his hands vaguely, “absorbed Chuck’s grace.”
Chuck had been bad. Chuck had been awful, actually - but better the devil you know. Or, better the God you know.
The smile didn’t fade, “you always do something.” He said, so full of confidence that Dean didn’t have the heart to make a fuss. He just smiled back, weakly.
He and Cas really were the exact same. Dean laughed and shook his head, going to sit down on the bed without even thinking about it. Really, he didn’t realise what he’d done until he felt Cas’ shoulder knocking against his own.
Slowly, he approached the table, crouching so he was eye-to-eye with Jack. Jack’s gaze fell on him and he stopped staring, his eyes widening like he hadn’t even noticed Dean was in the room with him.
As usual, Cas was either oblivious or didn’t care. He squeezed Dean tighter, burying his face into his neck and clinging to him in a way that had Dean involuntarily reaching up to clasp his back, allowing him to hold Cas against him for just a second.
“You were first built in God’s image,” a hint of bitterness crept back into Cas’ tone, “the second time, you were built in mine.”
Cas smiled down at the floor, “it doesn’t quite work like that.” He said, “it was more that I felt your soul. And that was all I needed.”
Without a word, Cas yawned and climbed into the bed, looking a little self conscious. It occurred to Dean that he hadn’t slept properly for a very long time - it probably felt strange to tuck himself into bed, like a novelty he was going to have to get used to.
Despite himself, and despite his rising nausea that had him seriously worried he was gonna have to pull over and throw up by the side of the road, Dean couldn’t help but hold his breath as the two of them waited for Eileen to pick up.
been here,” he said, picking the book up and studying it. It was old, a witchcraft manual in a language Dean couldn’t name. Either Sam had been doing some secret studying, or-
to convince him to stay - his shoulder, the handprint on his shoulder, was burning in a way that made him sure of that. Who cared if the kid was God? He slept with a night light and a teddy bear and he was Dean's responsibility.
“You gonna be alright?” Dean asked, hoping, for some reason, that Cas would say no. No and I need you. No and I want you to stay. No but with you I could be.
“I know.” Sam said, “I know, just- can you get to the bunker? We’re gonna be there in a few hours. I need to see you.”
Oh. Well, Dean supposed he’d been a little slow on the uptake with that one. Not interested in women. Right. Noted.
“And what do you want now?” Dean said, quietly, hoping Jack’s rising hysterics wouldn’t wake everyone. The kid needed calm - Sam barging in and taking up space and fussing, that would just complicate things.
Dean sighed and met Cas’ gaze once again. And, together, in that silent moment, they made a decision.
Cas didn’t sound tired, though. Actually, he sounded excited; he sounded like his humanity was a sherbert on his tongue, something he was savouring as it fizzled away.
She smiled, thankful, and pocketed her gun, stepping out of the room without turning her back to either of them.
“When you pulled me out of hell, you rebuilt me yourself, right?” He said, gesturing vaguely at his body.
For a moment, he let his mind wander - thought about changing into the clothes himself and taking something else for Cas. How would he react, he wondered, if he said nothing and climbed into bed next to him? Would he speak? Would he smile? After everything, Dean still wasn’t sure.
Secretly, Dean wasn’t sure anyone should have Jack’s power, Jack included. And this woman could be anyone.
“Cas?” One last time, inconsolable, having him hoping that Sam was still out in the car, that he had the decency to give Dean some privacy, five minutes, at least, to find the bunker empty, to crack open a bottle of something strong and pretend he hadn’t believed Jack the entire time.
The temperature in the room seemed to drop and Cas’ eyes widened. He looked from Dean to Mary, unable to hide the shock that lined his face, “your mother,” he said, with wonder.
He raced down the hall to his own room, which was only a few doors down, and opened his drawers. He had more pyjamas than most people in his position probably should, something Sam had always teased him about, but now it was finally paying off. He picked out a soft plain shirt and matching bottoms, letting the fabric run between his fingers.
She was obviously lying, and Dean wasn’t sure whether he should be disappointed or grateful, “sure, just head out into the corridor then go down the hall, it’s the last door on the left, can’t miss it.”
Dean made Jack cereal. He made it in the same way Sam had used to like it: cold milk first, then cereal poured with gentle shakes, spread out evenly through the bowl.
A loud noise caught his attention, it was the sound of something being dropped or thrown, followed by vague, indistinguishable voices. Dean’s head snapped up and he dropped the shirt, reaching for his gun as he tore from the room, not bothering to close the door behind him. He kicked himself for getting distracted, but his mind was still on the shirt, its red fabric seeming to wrap around his throat and choke him as he raced down the corridor and back into the study.
“Did you know?” He asked, “when you rebuilt me, did you know what I looked like before? Or were you just guessing?”
Well, he wanted to do something. He wanted to take Cas’ sadness and shoot it, or stick it full of silver pins.
Jack’s smile faltered, but he nodded and stood up, following Dean as they left the kitchen together.
“He’ll probably sleep a hell of a lot better once he finds out you’re safe. Jesus, he’s probably tossing and turning right now, worrying about you.”
Cas was sitting on his bed, staring at the floor. He had his finger back on his pulse, feeling it, face as unreadable as ever.
“Shit like this” currently being staring into the eyes of God. God, aka Jack. Sweet Jack, kind Jack, Jack who’d never shown any inclination towards wanting power before. Had Dean’s head not been in such a state, he was sure his heart would have broken right then and there.
“We’ll find him.” Dean repeated, pulling out of Cas’ reach and turning to face him, “I promise, man.”
And then there was Cas. Dean didn’t like to think about that, the magnitude of what he’d done for him.
Dean turned his back, giving Cas some privacy as he changed, and pretending to busy himself inspecting the desk in the corner of the room. Somehow, he was aware of Cas’ eyes on his back, watching him.
It was higher stakes than it had been with Sam. Sam hadn’t been able to snap in and out of places as he pleased. And Sam had been less volatile, less tricky, only dealing with as much as Dean hadn’t been able to shield him from, and what Dean had probably gotten ten times worse already.
That was a fact - something Dean had managed to store in the back of his brain for a while now, stuffed in a little box labelled “do not open!” and emblazoned with a skull and crossbones.
just to let them know that he wasn't dead. But how could he think of anything besides his dead mother (who wasn't dead anymore) sitting beside him, staring at the son she never knew she had?
Dean looked around, trying to guess where Cas could’ve gone. It wasn’t like he’d need a snack, or to use the bathroom - Dean swore he’d once seen him reading the same book for two days straight, only moving to turn pages, and only stopping when Dean had forced him to, hauling him out of his seat and taking him on a drive for some fresh air.
It didn’t matter. Dean was a coward. He shook his head and took the single pair of pyjamas back to Cas.
As Dean had predicted, Cas was ecstatic. Not at first, of course; at first, he was confused. He’d turned over groggily as Dean shook his shoulder, forced awake from his first night of sleep in years. He’d rubbed his eyes and said Dean’s name, half-smiling and not sensing any danger.
Sam put an arm around Eileen and squeezed her tight - the action was an exhale, like he was squeezing the tension from them both.
It was going to hurt to tell him - the same way it would've hurt had Jack been dead or missing. It didn’t matter if he was God if he wasn’t there with them. And Cas had loved that kid, loved him far more openly and with far less caution than Dean had.
He slept fitfully in his own bed that night. Tangled up in the sheets, he felt almost as though he was running a fever - the events of the past few days, weeks, even years, ran though his mind in a jumble, making him mutter and curse under his breath. He just couldn’t untangle it all. Jack was gone and the world was saved and Chuck was human and Cas loved him. And what could Dean do with any of that? None of those things could be shot at or killed. All he could do was lie there in a pool of his own sweat as they taunted him.
It was a small room, smaller than Dean’s, with nothing more than a bed, a chest of drawers, and a small desk-chair combo. Cas seemed to hardly care, though, and made his way directly to the bed, not even taking his shoes off as he tried to climb into it.
Sam hissed Dean's name, like he was afraid Jack would strike him down - yeah, sure, it was just like Dean to get on the new God's bad side less than an hour after dethroning the previous one, but what did it matter? What had it all been for if Dean was going to lose Jack too?
Cas frowned and opened his mouth as though he was about to say something else, but was interrupted by Mary loudly clearing her throat, her gun still clenched tightly in her hand.
If Dean had been falling for the past few weeks, then that was the moment when he finally hit the ground, feet first, his entire body reverberating with the shock.
Cas sighed, entire body sagging. He looked very old all of a sudden, and Dean wanted nothing more than to just let him rest; for a second, he hoped that Mary never came back from the bathroom, that Sam never came back from wherever he’d run off to, and that they could just spend the rest of forever like this. A lifetime of awkward silence with Cas was better than anything else he could think of.
And, of course, because he’s Dean Winchester and nothing can ever be easy for him, the death and resurrection is one of the least complicated things he has to explain.
He wasn’t sure what he was expecting to see when he reached Mary, but he knew it wasn’t her standing in the middle of the room, gun raised and aimed directly at Cas. In that moment, seeing her ready to kill his best friend, Dean fully understood that Mary had been trained the same way as him, that she had the exact same instincts. The way she shifted on her back foot, the way she kept her elbow slightly bent, the way she sneered at her target - it was like looking in a mirror.
Dean’s frown deepened as he approached the bed and realised what the cloth actually was. It was a flannel shirt, one of his own, red and rumpled and a little frayed from years of wear. Dean had last seen it a few days ago, when he’d torn it and debated throwing it out, given how many times he’d already sewn it back together. By now, he was sure all of the buttons must have been replaced twice.
After what felt like an eternity, Sam and Eileen decided to go to bed. They stood up in unison, both a little tipsy, and left the kitchen hand in hand. Before he rounded the corner of the doorway, Sam gave Dean a tactful nod; Dean wasn’t exactly sure what it meant, but he took offense anyway, glaring at the empty space Sam had been long after he disappeared from his line of sight.
He didn’t have time to think, though - he left Sam into the car and tore towards the front door, almost knocking it off its hinges as he opened it, so desperate just to
Cas said nothing, putting his head in his hands and letting out a long, exhausted sigh. Under that flickering golden light he looked so old and worn down and human that Dean had to avert his eyes. He stood up, clearing away a few of the beer bottles and turning his back to Cas as he moved them to the kitchen counter.
A single bead of sweat threatened to trickle down the back of his neck. It wasn't right. It wasn't supposed to happen like this: him and Sam and Jack in the middle of a crowded street, people bustling and laughing around them, a blue sky mocking them from high up above.
Dean paused, his stomach twisting. He really thought he’d be able to get away with never having to explain this to Cas. It was bad enough having to tell other hunters - usually he could pass himself off as the son John didn’t like to talk about, the rebel, the disappointment, the shadow haunted by the ghost of a dead sister as well as being an orphan. But Cas was different, Cas was the one person who knew everything about him without having to understand this one little thing.
Dean would never forget the look that had passed over Cas’ face in that moment - the transition from confusion to disbelief to joy. He’d never forget how he stumbled out of bed to clasp Jack into a tight hug, how he’d opened his eyes to stare at Dean from over his shoulder, smile wide and unreadable.
That was the word that had been stuttering through his mind for the past few days, a broken record that broke down more and more as time wore on. Sometimes he savoured it, like it was a tender bruise, something to press on and wince; sometimes he cowered from it, like it was a knife or a fist.
Then, Dean remembered the mysterious book on the table, “were you trying to bring me back?” He asked, voice quiet.
And there it was. Dean knew Cas wasn’t an idiot - he’d been living on Earth for the better part of  decade now, and he’d swallowed up as much of human culture as he possibly could, watching reality TV and asking questions that would often have been completely inappropriate had anyone else been asking them.
Cas dropped his smile and crossed the room to sit down on the bed. Dean supposed he was trying to look serious, but he was failing; the borrowed pyjamas seemed even bigger on him in the half-light that crept in from the hallway, and his hair was tousled in that way that only comes from deep sleep.
Dean looked down at him, remembering the shirt in his room. God - he’d really left Cas without a body to mourn, just a hug and a pat on the shoulder to say goodbye; no wonder he’d come straight back here to wallow.
Dean laughed, “hold on there,” he said, following Cas and tugging at his coat, “you’re really wearing
“-and all those other bones that your father set incorrectly after you broke them as a child,” Cas continued bitterly, “yes. I was instructed to make you as strong as possible in preparation for being Michael’s vessel.”
And it was on Cas’ bed. Cas, who thought Dean was dead, had one of his shirts on his bed. Dean had no idea what that meant - but, somehow, he understood completely. He picked the shirt up and folded it between his hands, squeezing it a little too tightly.
“Don’t be. It was a good call, it’s just,” Dean paused, catching his breath, “that’s why this situation is so…”
The four of them stared in total silence for a long, long moment, not sure of what to do. Where do you go from here? There was nothing on the horizon, nothing for Dean to be running to or from - he felt lost.
“You scared the shit out of me, man,” he said, hand on Cas’ cheek, “Jesus, I thought-” he couldn’t even bring himself to say it.
Now, Dean knew that there was a right way to do things. He knew he should pat Cas on the shoulder, tell him he was glad to have his best friend back. He knew he should give him a wide berth, sit opposite him at the table and keep his hands to himself from now on. He knew that what had passed between them before Cas had been taken would change things, and that he should fight that change, that no good could come of it.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, “Amara and Chuck left and suddenly I was in a field, in the middle of nowhere, and she was just… y’know. There.”
Jack frowned, looking more like Cas than ever, “cereal.” He said, after a moment, “and a glass of milk.”
“And, you know, you changed a few things: you branded me, got rid of a few scars, fixed up my bad knee-”
No response - Jack’s eyes continued to dart around the room, panicked, and his breath came in short, scared huffs. Funny. Dean hadn’t known that God even
“All I know is that she’s good. She’s good and she wants to be better, to help other people be better, too. And-” Jack’s voice got a little thin, “I want to try - I don’t know what I’ll do otherwise. I don’t want this.”
“But, I’m still-” Dean had to pause for a second, swallowing around the sudden dryness in his throat, “this isn’t a trick. I am who I say I am.”
And then the stoplight turned green, and he was stepping on the accelerator, racing away and racing home. A part of him thought that he should call Sam, or Cas, or
Dean turned to see Sam and Eileen in the kitchen doorway, cutting harsh shadows. Despite everything, the sight sent a wave of relief through him.
That was a good question, actually. Dean looked down the stairs, trying to see if anything had changed since he’d last been there. Nothing. Knowing Sam, he’d gone off to drown his sorrows, either at a bar or on a borderline suicidal hunt. Dean groaned internally, knowing he’d going to have to call him and make sure he hasn’t done anything stupid.
Luckily for the two of them, there was an empty room with a clean bed ready and waiting, some long-forgotten relic of when they’d used to have guests in the bunker on the regular.
Jack brightened as the minutes ticked past. Dean wasn’t sure whether this was from the sugar or the comfort of the quiet kitchen, but by the time he’d finished his cereal, he was almost smiling again. He watched, unguarded, as Dean stood up and cleared his bowl away, tossing it carelessly in the sink for someone else to deal with tomorrow.
Fine. Dean turned around and sighed, looking past Cas and Jack, at the plain wall on the other side of the room.
At around four in the morning, he gave up on sleep altogether. He sat up in bed and put his head in his hands, tugging at his hair - at least his headache was almost gone, making way for his next hangover, which would probably take hold within the next few hours.
Jack was sat at the kitchen table, curled in on himself. He looked small, his hands fisted into his hair as he stared desperately around the room, rocking a little.
Cas frowned, “well, of course. If her last memory of you is as a child, it must be jarring for her to meet you as an adult-”
for thirty years is even harder; there are explanations to make, years to catch up on, resentments that have no right to be there still worming their way between you.
The gifts hadn’t made a difference. When Dean pushed the door open, he found the room just as barren as it had been when they’d first discovered the bunker. Everything was neatly tucked away into drawers, out of sight. It was as though Cas had never been there at all.
But Cas extended his smile to him, seeming to light the entire room with it, glowing from the inside out, “thank you, Dean.”
Dean didn’t know. And, for the first time since he and Mary had locked eyes earlier, he realised he didn’t care; her hesitation when she said his name was nothing compared to the way Cas was looking at him now, nothing compared to the elation he knew he’d see on Sam’s face when he realised his big brother was alive after all, nothing compared to the life and family he already had.
And then there was a burst of light, and the kitchen was fully illuminated, and Dean realised he wasn’t alone.
He couldn’t say it. Something was stopping him - his own pride, maybe. But it was written plainly on his face. He wanted to be at home, he wanted his old life, he’d seen enough of the world to last him several human lifetimes.
“This, uh,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly ashamed, “this place was built for an old hunting society. Grandpa, dad’s dad, was one of the original members.”
A couple of times, he managed to say his name and tap him on the shoulder, but he always chickened out, asked instead if he wanted another beer, or if he was getting tired.
He heard Cas shift, like he was going to reach out for Dean but had thought better of it. The room suddenly felt cold, like a ghost had passed through. Dean shivered.
Dean couldn't even answer, his tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. He nodded, squeezing his fists together so tightly that he was afraid he'd bust a blood vessel.
He took the stairs three at a time, hardly breathing, hardly remembering how to stand as he raced through the rooms, searching for Cas.
But no matter how much he tried to justify it, her gaze still made his skin itch. From the way she was looking at him out of the corner of her eye, he could tell she was looking from the wrong direction, her view distorted as though she was peering at him through a kaleidoscope. He could almost hear the sentences she was stringing together in her mind, the connecting words muddled and ugly and wrong; and, suddenly, he felt like a child about to throw a temper tantrum. He felt like a little girl, tugging on his mother’s sleeve as she stared blankly out the window, face and knuckles pale as she watched a car backing out of the driveway. He felt like a little boy being gifted her first gun for her birthday, terrified of its weight and of what she’d seen her father do with his own, and mourning the picture book she’d secretly hoped she’d be getting.
Another wordless nod from Mary. Dean reasoned with himself that this must be harder for her than it is for him, that she’d just been blasted forward from the eighties, that countless scenarios must be running through her mind as she looked at him, witches curses and accidents and medical tragedies. What else could help her understand the shock of putting her daughter, blonde haired and grinning, to bed, then meeting him hours later, gruff and world-weary?
“Just in case,” he said, watching as she handled it expertly, finger automatically closing around the trigger and stance widening, ready to shoot and dodge at any moment, “this place is secure, but sometimes people slip through the cracks.”
And then Cas was pulling back and looking Dean in the face, putting enough distance to check him over, gripping his arms and clinging to them as though he was afraid Dean was going to disappear again. His eyes met Dean’s but seemed to look past them and, with a jolt, Dean realised he was looking at his soul, checking he was all there.
They all fell into a thick, loaded silence. Dean wasn’t sure if Cas understood the layered awkwardness of all this. Neither of them had exactly acknowledged the way Cas rebuilding his body had changed it, and Dean had a creeping suspicion that Cas simply didn’t know, that he’d taken one look at what was left of Dean’s body and done his best with it; that the greatest thing anyone had ever done for him had been a happy, miraculous mistake.
No. Nope. Terrible idea. His brother would never let him live it down, and it was probably best to actually figure out what the situation with Cas actually was before telling Sam anything.
Cas feared he had made a mistake. He was going to inquire further about Sam’s seemingly strange reaction before the bunker door swung open.
“I mean you know. Us being like- You know.” He flickered his gaze over to Cas only to find him squinting back, his expression unreadable. At this point, his mouth was operating on auto-pilot, his brain buzzing with static. This was not going how he’d planned.
“Cas I don’t think that’s a word.” Sam looked down at the arrangement of letters with furrowed brows.
“You already said that one. Are you out of ideas already? I’m a little insulted buddy-“ Despite a sniffle, the humour began to return to his tone, his lips quirked up slightly.
He rolled his eyes and tuned back into their thoughts for a moment. He was realising it was something he could focus in and out of, though he couldn’t block out the loud ones. No matter how much he tried. And- Oh god.
While there were moments that he could maybe convince himself otherwise. The moment’s where he sensed something from Cas’ side of things. They weren’t out here living cookie-cutter white-picket-fence lives. There wasn’t space for something even close to a- Dean scoffed internally at the word- a relationship for them.
“I didn’t think you’d want me around after I-. I appreciated you praying to me, those were the best moments of my time in the Empty, and then heaven... but I didn’t think-“
“I- I know man I just. I just wanna help Jack, and kill Chuck and then we can get Cas out of that damn deal. I don’t want- if he-.” He struggled.
“I’ll talk to Jack and the two of us will contact Billie together. I think you should talk this out with Sam, it doesn’t guarantee Jacks safety but it’s either this or certainly losing him.” Cas gravely replied over the line.
The gravel crunched under their feet as they stepped out. The only other sound being birds and cars in the distance.
Jack frowned slightly. A pout was threatening to come forth, which caused Dean to cave and answer the question properly. Not before rolling his eyes, however.
“You were in heaven and you didn’t come back here? Did you hear my prayers?” Dean asked, his confused voice breaking.
Dean didn’t know if that was true, but he had to admit having the weight of that guilt off his shoulders had left him a little lighter at least. Now he could completely focus on the actual problems at hand.
“Wait! You might be onto something though.” He turned to Jack with a smile. Jack looked back up at him with wide hopeful eyes.
Sure, their affection for each other was at times kind of adorable, but it very often became a lot. Only a few weeks prior Sam had to have a word with Dean about not mentally scarring Jack with all the PDA and innuendos. That had only helped things slightly.
“No, no, Cas. They’re uh- they’re very you. And they’re definitely uh- sweet?” Sam looked up at him from the list of songs, his brows raised slightly in concern.
He grumpily shuffled toward the kitchen. The same place The Conversation had happened the night prior. He was half expecting to see Cas in there, still sitting in the same spot. But the sole occupant of the table was now Jack, focused on his bowl of cereal.
From the corner of his eye he could see Cas’ argumentative expression as he began to open his mouth, so he continued on, turning his body to face him.
“Guys. I don’t think the curse is going anywhere until it’s properly broken.” Sam tried not looking pointedly at either one of them. He didn’t want to pressure them.
“Nothing, nothing.” Sam smirked lightly. It wasn’t nothing, and Cas could tell Sam would bring this up again.
“One sec- It’s a text from Sam. He says to meet them back at the motel, they’ve got something.” With that, he started shifting towards the car again. “Let’s go.”
Cas turned his head away from the laptop in front of them, facing Dean with a tilted head and confused expression.
“Be right back Cas, me and Sam are gonna have a chat”. He quickly yelled out, leaving a confused Cas standing in the room on his own.
“A family dinner. The four of us. Somewhere nice.” He responded as if he were reading off a list, or a script.
They stared at each other softly, just enjoying the silence and company. Dean’s hand was slightly twitching at his side, he wondered if it would be too much to reach it over to Castiel’s.
“I don’t see why not Jack. If that’ll make you happy.” He stated earnestly, smiling at Jack and then back at Dean.
He talked himself up as he pulled up to the Gas N Sip. He’d arrived slightly early, having a few things to pick up from inside. As he exited the car, he hoped his resolve wouldn’t crumble in the time it took to do that, for Cas’ shift to end, and for them to drive away.
Jack happily shuffled in his seat and reached over to grab his age-appropriate ginger ale from the table.
Normally he’d give Cas’ outfits a little once over. Just for the sake of helping the guy out, making sure he had his buttons done up correctly, little things like that. That was the only reason, he told himself regularly. But now, with how Sam had been acting, he’d probably find a way to make a big deal out of that too if he saw it. So Dean refrained.
“In purgatory.” Cas cut back in forcefully. “I was jealous of Benny.” He huffed, turning his head up slightly with a pout.
Castiel stepped away from Dean who practically leaped off the table he had been sitting on a moment ago, now no longer attached to Cas like a koala to a tree. His eyes were wide and he glanced around awkwardly.
“This is stupid. I just- wanted to know how you were doing kid. Which you are. Still a kid. Don’t think because you got God powers now or something that you’re some hot shot okay?” He leaned his head against the back of his seat, smiling sadly, the joke not masking how much he missed his son.
“We talked. Me and Jack. The Empty was damaged after Jack exploded in it, and I was able to hear him call to me before you all defeated Chuck. I told him- I told him to leave me, that I was at peace. He fixed the empty, but he wouldn’t leave me there, so he called me back to heaven.” He glanced nervously at Dean.
“Maybe they think we are?” Dean suggested, fiddling with the cutlery in front of him absentmindedly.
But despite his best efforts, somehow, his idiot brother and best friend had strong-armed him into agreeing with this.
“Wait!” Dean called out. They all looked over at him as he continued. “That’s it? You can’t just keep running off like this while keeping us in the dark.” Dean exclaimed, his voice threatening to rise.
“What about Scrabble?” Jack suggested as he squinted over at the pile of board games in the corner of the room, carefully considering each one.
“So I might have found a case. It’s only a few towns over. Seems simple enough that I can cover it on my own.” He began, clearly uncomfortable with the tension in the room.
“Now we wait for Billie to come through with her plan.” Castiel finally entered the conversation, not looking in Dean’s direction as he spoke.
At that Sam quirked an eyebrow in frustration. Dean didn’t bother finishing the sentence, even he knew there was no use.
“Whatever Dean. Just go a couple of minutes early and pick everything up when you go to get Cas.” He responded, patting him on the shoulder before walking away with a shake of his head.
“Hey man thats not on you. He was being a dick all on his own.” Dean shook his head and took another sip.
“There. That’s better. Look.” Cas held up the phone to Dean, who smiled faintly, pursing his lips in approval.
Great, now everyone was staring him down. That definitely wasn’t helping the anxious feeling bubbling in his chest.
At that Dean flushed slightly, looking down to hide the smile on his face. Jack seemed to have grown bored as he suddenly stood up and announced.
“Cas that night. When I heard you talking to Jack about the deal. I heard more than just that. I heard you tell him about- well- the thing about me. I know why it would trigger the whole- the Empty thing.” He managed to sputter out.
He hurried away to the bathroom. Maybe he was just tired and delirious. Maybe it was just in his head and once went on a run and took a shower he’d be feeling back to normal.
He decided that was as far down that rabbit hole he wanted his mind to go. Thankfully, that thought arrived just as he pulled up to the store.
“Really Dean? What, were you two distracted staring into each other's eyes again?” Sam huffed out. There was little venom to it, in fact he sounded fond, however that didn’t lessen the impact.
Sam continued on before Dean could even process, let alone respond to the jab. “Anyways. Cas, how was babysitting?”
“Okay, well. We probably want to start heading out then.” He replied softly, and began to walk towards the bunker door.
A thought struck him. He had agreed to that way too easily. “Wait. What kind of animals are we talking?”
“I didn’t by the way-” He called out quickly, almost unwillingly. He hoped for a moment that Cas would miss it. He didn’t.
Dean muttered incoherently and unhappily under his breath but did as he was told. Sam’s resulting smug smirk only made it more difficult to do so.
He hadn’t thought that’s where this had been going. Hell, he hadn’t thought Cas had it in him to be that straightforward.
Dean looked surprised for a moment, though Cas didn’t think it should’ve come as that much of a surprise.
“We’re gonna save Jack, and we’re gonna kill God. Then we’re gonna get you out of that damn deal and-“ his tone remained stable and determined until the last word, where he faltered “-and you’re gonna get to be happy Cas” he finished. His heart was pounding through his chest. Had he said too much?
“That’s a nice sentiment Dean, but I don’t really need a birthday, it's fine.” Cas smiled back at him amusedly.
Castiel blinked. He looked at Dean questioningly, mouth opening to talk but then snapping shut. He was afraid of misinterpreting the statement. He wasn’t even sure he really heard it.
He was getting tired of their worrying. It had been like this ever since they’d driven away from their failed showdown with the witch.
Sam had always had questions about their ‘profound bond’ but he hadn’t prodded too much or spent too long thinking about it. He figured if there was something there they’d eventually realise it. But hearing it. Being in the middle of it.
Sam waited for him to leave, but Dean was taking his time. He shot him one final hopeful glance as he reached the door, only to be met with a glare. With that, he finally exited the room and Sam sighed.
Cas grinned up at him. Dean’s expression softened, his eyes seemed to water slightly as he cleared his throat. “Thanks Sammy.”
Dean had seemingly taken the approach of recounting all the years he and Cas had known each other, and describing how much those times had meant to him. While it was a sweet sentiment he was sure taking his damn time getting to the actual point. One might even say he was stalling.
Sure, he’d gone into it thinking he was just showing Cas some ‘real’ music. But then he’d actually started putting the tape together. Picking the songs. Pouring over it. It had begun to feel like he was pouring his own heart into it. Things he couldn’t say himself, he could say through it.
Peaceful energy permeated the Dean-Cave as the family lounged around the table. The jukebox was humming out tunes behind the buzz of conversation.
“Jack, not everything from pop culture is accurate to real life. Some things are just friendly gestures.” The hint of sadness in his tone did not go undetected by either Sam or Jack.
“When you walked into that lake- with the Leviathan. I didn’t realise it then but, yeah I was- You know.” He looked down quickly. It wasn’t a good memory.
“Okay- Good. Okay.” Dean nodded as he spoke, his lips curving up ever so slightly. They sat in content silence for a moment, before Dean’s eyes suddenly widened again as he recalled something.
“Gonna make you pay-” Dean continued as if he hadn’t been interrupted. “For that, and for the scheming.” He finished.
They swiftly stood, their hands separating and dropping to their sides. Jack gestured out of the kitchen and began to hurry towards the map room, the two of them followed behind him. Sure enough, Billie was there. An awkward-looking Sam stood by her.
“He thinks he found a way, it- It’s risky. But I guess not as bad as turning Jack into a friggin bomb. I’ll explain it on the ride back, it’s complicated.”
“Do you think it has something to do with why Jack was acting strange the other day? With the uh- the store clerk and then running off to Sam?” Cas questioned, holding back a smile that was threatening to surface.
“Oh, I thought more just us. I mean- They’ll probably just ditch us again anyway right?” Dean reasoned, both to himself and Cas.
“Dean I- I’m not- It’s just not something we need to be worried about.” Cas stared upwards, clearly exasperated. Though there was underlying pain in his voice.
Fervency which continued to build as Dean deepened the kiss in response, his tongue slipping into the angel’s mouth. So much so that Dean found himself pressed up against the outside of the bunker door with a loud thud. Not that he was complaining.
Dean glared across the kitchen at Cas, who sat at the table looking very much as annoyed as he claimed to be.
“Hah. That’s one word for it. It’s fine Cas I’m just glad you guys sorted your stuff out.” Sam smiled back.
Jack nodded and looked back down at his laptop, as Sam began to make his way down the hallway. He finally reached the storage room and swung open the door.
Dean’s head whipped up at the question. He gaped at Cas for a moment before whisper-yelling back at him. “You can’t just ask me that!” His eyes were wide, shocked almost.
As he placed the photo in the box, he made a mental note to himself to have the one of Dean printed. It could take the place of the old image in his wallet. Having it around would fill him with some contentment.
“Uh. Can you please.” Sam gestured at Castiel’s unzipped pants. He thanked whatever Gods that they were just unzipped and no actual clothes were off at this point.
The silence was heavy. Dean heard himself breathe out. His head rang. He couldn’t form any coherent thought in that moment so he just answered.
Dean hastily got up from his chair, not bothering to pick up the empty beer bottles from the table. He rushed out of the kitchen making a break for his room.
“That is a terrible idea, since when has keeping secrets worked out well for any of us?” Sam was exasperated.
Dean turned and shook his head softy, a chuckle escaping him despite the tears threatening to overflow. “I love you, you stupid son of a bitch.”
Dean and Cas shared a split-second look. It was serious, but it didn’t match the anger of their respective tones so far. However, Sam didn’t have time to mull it over as they continued to bicker.
The Empty? Why were they talking about the Empty? What did this have to do with a deal? Dean’s mind paced, tracing back through all the interactions he knew of that Cas had with the Empty. Nothing in particular came to mind that would relate to a deal. Still, anxiety coursed through his body. This couldn’t be anything good.
“Of course he will Cas. It’s you, he’ll love it no matter what.” Sam smiled back at him encouragingly.
“I’m glad, and I’m sorry. I’m sure the last few days have been... odd” Cas smiled at him embarrassedly.
Though he'd made sure not to let up until after Cas and Sam had countered all his stellar arguments.
If he brought it up now, would that mean it would be the end of his chauffeuring duties? He supposed he should be happy about that. After all, he was always muttering about being parked outside that damn store half the day.
Dean breathed in again. Loosening his grip on the item. He held it between his fingers up towards Cas, as he gazed intently at him.
“I told you I loved you” Cas responded. The humour in his voice had lessened, this time it was softer, coated in despondency.
“Dean is this a date?” He questioned, letting each word out slowly, delicately. Despite his nerves, he couldn’t help but smirk at the slowly rising blush on Dean’s face.
“Also, I assumed you guys would mention it yourselves when you were ready.” He shrugged, before suddenly pausing and glancing up at the other two quickly. “Wait, so have you guys just been waiting for me to figure it out this whole time?”
They’d done it. The witch was dead. He was free. He was finally free, his head was all his own, no more pining, no more images.
“The beach vacation you talked about Dean. Let's go! We can take a few days, road-trip over, stay in a little resort or a beach house or something.” Sam explained. As he did, he had to admit, even aside from the plan it did sound kind of nice.
“What? No! No. God damn it.” Dean burst out, immediately looking over at Sam to make sure he hadn’t woken him up. To his relief, his brother was still out cold.
“Not fair, I said the last one.” He shook his head, grabbing his forgotten beer bottle off of the table and taking a sip. He had to admit, he was extremely curious to see where this would go.
Dean’s face softened. Of course he hadn’t forgotten. He almost wanted to say as much to get that sad look off of Castiel’s face.
Dean’s heart continued to race. Maybe this was some sort of weirdly real seeming dream. He pinched his arm.
Deep down he knew how he felt about Cas. He knew that there was something unsaid always teetering between them. He put on a front in front of Sam. Hell, even to himself half the time. But still, he knew.
He looked back at Dean again with a small smile. This time he waved back awkwardly. He soon shuffled out of the view of the window.
He stared back and forth between the two flannel shirts laying on his bed. It was ridiculous. It was just dinner. He was going to dinner with his friend. Something he’d done many times - more than ever before in recent days. Why was he being so weird about it?
At that Dean looked over at Cas almost shyly, only to straighten his face out the moment Cas looked back at him.
And then it had just gotten straight-up weird. Cas now refused to move past the doorway any time they were alone in a room with a door. Dean couldn’t blame him exactly, they’d been ‘mysteriously’ locked in together four times now. The time Jack had sent Cas into the bathroom while Dean had been in there, and locked them in had been the last straw with that one.
“I assure you it’s not. Dean right now our priority is Chuck.“ Cas glanced seriously towards the table at Jack.
Dean looked back and forth between Cas and Sam with a frown trying to figure out what he’d missed, but before he could say anything Sam spoke up.
Some things he was scarily quick at picking up, to the point where Dean was certain there were still some weird angel powers lingering. No one was that good at Mario Kart (which absolutely fell into the life skills category). Other things, not so much… he was just glad he’d used Sam’s shirts when teaching Cas how to iron.
He was just hoping whatever this was going to be wasn’t too elaborate. And that he’d have the opportunity to carry out his own plan for the night. He smiled to himself and took in a deep breath, reassuring himself. It was gonna be okay.
“Shut up and let me get you two married already,” Sam rebuffed, and another softer wave of laughter went through the rows of guests. “Alright, rings and vows,” he said gesturing to the Best Men before looking back between Cass and Dean again. “Who’s going first?”
“I’ve got quite the speech to follow up there, haven’t I,” Bobby started. “Well, I ain’t much for words, but I’ll see what I can do.”
“Rufus,” Ellen chastised, though they all knew that wasn’t going to do any good. Rufus Turner was a surly son of a bitch at the best of times.
Sam was officiating the wedding, so he stood in front of her in the line. And the young flower girl stood behind them. The girl’s father was that strange gangly werewolf who was apparently a hunter too, once upon a time. He was also one of the groomsmen, and was currently crouched down and adjusting the girl’s pale pink dress. Mary smiled as she watched them interact, though it made her a little sad too; she’d missed out on her boys’ childhoods, and it still stung. She couldn’t help wishing that things had been different, even though she knew how great they’d ended up.
Ellen responded by batting at his arm and rolling her eyes. Ash shrugged and continued eating. He couldn’t help but think about how that’s what everyone kept saying about them today though. That they were happy. Maybe that was just the norm for a wedding? Ash wouldn’t know, he hadn’t been to any before. Or maybe it was just because
Claire rolled her eyes and picked up her own glass, which was unfortunately filled with apple juice, as though she was a three-year-old. She may have sulked a little as Charlie continued with her speech, sharing a story of Cass and Dean being disgustingly couple-ee on a hunt a couple of weeks ago, that made most people in the room laugh. Claire glanced across the crowd, smiling at where the rest of her family were sitting a few tables along.
“But I mean it, I’m glad to be here with you now, Cass,” Dean admitted, his eyes tracing the smile on his husband’s lips. “I’m glad that we’re celebrating this, that we’re doing it the right way. I’m glad to have you by my side, and in my arms, and tell you all the sappy shit I’ve always wanted to. Like...” Dean had to pause to take a deep breath, feeling his emotions begin to claw at his throat. But he wanted to say this. He wanted to say it all. So, he just cleared his throat and continued. “Like how I’ve been in love with you for so long, that I don’t even remember what
Dean’s eyes went wide as he whipped his head around to glare at his Best Man – which was a gender-neutral term now, according to Charlie. “You told me no one could tell!”
“So, differences be damned, you know,” she continued. “Despite them, they’re better together, because they love each other. And I hope that one day I will be so lucky to marry someone who loves me like that.”
But then she immediately back peddled as an idea came to her. She poured herself a glass of red wine, said her goodbyes to the dress she was wearing, and then made sure to, [quote], accidentally, [end quote], run head-first into Crowley on her way back to Dean’s room. As planned, the wine went everywhere, and ruined that white suit jacket of his.
She had only ever wanted the best for her boys, and seeing Dean looking so carefree, and in-love, made her heart soar higher than ever before. She’d missed a lot in Dean’s life, but she was so glad that she hadn’t been forced to miss this too.
So, she squared her jaw and crossed her arms. “Hey, don’t talk about Dean like that! He has some good qualities too.”
“They love and accept each other for who they are, flaws and all, and that’s what marriage is about.”
“Good,” she said. “Now, important question: you’re not really going to make me watch you walk down the aisle to
After that song was finished, Crowley started belting out a few songs on the karaoke machine... who would have thought the former King of Hell would be such a fan of love ballads? Garth especially enjoyed his rendition of The Bangles’
He had to pause the reading then, as suddenly Dean and Cass just started making out in front of everyone. Charlie and Claire both had to physically pull them apart while the guests all laughed and cheered.
Dean reached over and held his mother’s hand, whispering his thanks. And, true to her word, Mary’s eyes began to fill with tears.
Cass sighed in relief, hearing the truth inside Dean’s words. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt him.
“Whoops, sorry. I guess I’m still a bit drunk from last night,” Charlie laughed nervously, as Crowley rounded on her, flashing his red demonic eyes.
Cass wasn’t proud to admit that this game went on for several days, while the guest list expanded to include Hannah. Lisa Braeden. Cass’s sort-of-wife from when he had amnesia, Daphne (and yes, he imagined that, if she had in fact turned up today, she would have been in for a shock). Dean’s ex-girlfriend Cassie. and the Djinn Queen, that Cass may or may not be technically married to...
Surprisingly, Dean didn’t seem to care about that anymore... or maybe it wasn’t so surprising, considering the choice words he’d let slip last night while absolutely
“You can’t say the Roadhouse doesn’t accommodate for all dietary needs,” he said. “Even that of a bloodsucker.”
Dean finally broke eye contact with Cass to throw a smirk Sam’s way. He said: “I thought we agreed no chick flick moments.”
The Roadhouse was, of course, originally Ellen’s bar. But that one had burnt down like 13 years ago. Ellen hadn’t been in any rush to rebuild, but Ash hadn’t felt right without the place. Even in heaven, the Roadhouse had been his home. So, he got the go-ahead from Ellen, wired himself some money straight from a billionaire’s bank account, and built himself a bar. This place was all his now.
Sam threw his arm over her shoulder and pressed a kiss to the side of her forehead. She could read his gratitude for her rescue in his body language long before she looked up and read the words from his lips.
“Now, don’t be such a sour-puss,” Garth goaded. “I can tell you’ve got dancer's hips. Come have some fun!”
That received an aww from the guests surrounding them. Though, considering pretty much everyone here was a hunter, it was mostly in jest rather than sincerity. Dean ignored it. This moment wasn’t for
“I suppose we should just be grateful that they didn’t make us wear cowboy boots,” Sam muttered, clearly thinking the exact same thing as her, and Mary laughed. She probably wouldn’t have minded that, though.
“Do you want me to get rid of that black eye, or not,” Charlie demanded, crossing her arms. And Dean sighed as he looked into the mirror again to examine the bruise.
“I told him to do that,” Claire boasted, once she was done laughing, and then she high-fived Charlie.
Basically, the only time anyone in this room wasn’t staring at them, they were staring at Jack. You know, since he was the new God, and all that. There was a hell of a lot of questions surrounding that one...
There were a lot of people here, all fit into a relatively narrow space, but that was okay; Mary liked that there were so many people out there who cared for her boys and considered them family. Even if most of these people Mary barely even knew.
had perked up a bit, and appeared to be putting the moves on Benny. Cass didn’t see that ending well
Mary smiled as she continued: “He was such a chubby little thing, and so damn happy. I swear that he smiled at me that first night. The doctors say it’s impossible, that babies don’t smile until they’re six weeks, but I
“He’s been working on it for twelve years now,” Sam stage-whispered, receiving an unimpressed bitchface from Dean. Sort of, anyway. Dean’s eyes said: ‘
That was met with cheers from the guests, which wasn’t exactly the etiquette for a normal wedding, but it certainly was for a hunter one.
“Truthfully, I’m kinda glad that Sammy put his foot down about that though,” Dean admitted. “As hunters, we get a bit too used to operating under the radar, but some things need to be celebrated. And when you got a man like Cass under your arm... you know, he’s worth showing off.”
“I better get going,” Mary said, gathering her things and giving her son one last appraisal. “You look great,” she said softly, and Dean echoed the sentiment. Mary turned to Charlie: “And you,” she said, pointing. “Don’t go spilling wine on my dress.”
“Because that’s just the kind of man you are,” Cass said. “You’re caring, and thoughtful, and you are the most loving man I have ever met. Knowing you made me want to be a better person. Knowing you gave my whole existence meaning.
Dean hung his head in shame while Charlie laughed, but Mary just pressed a kiss to his cheek, lightly enough that she wouldn’t smudge
Claire took her seat, turning to Jack with a question in her eyes. He only grinned back, but that was all the answer she needed.
Jack was the next one to stand up, looking an odd mix of uncomfortable and confident. Bobby hadn’t really got the chance to know the kid yet, and wasn’t too sure what to expect from this speech seeing as he was... A, Lucifer’s nephilim. B, a three-year-old. And C, God.
“And don’t forget to exorcise him before you come back in,” another hunter, who Claire was pretty sure was named Rufus, shouted after them. His comment received a fair few cheers.
Crowley,” Kevin responded loud enough for everyone to hear, receiving more laughter and a smack on the back of the head from his mother. Claire had only spoken with those two briefly before, but she decided now that she liked them.
“Suit yourselves, I’m getting dessert,” she said, standing up and straightening out her dress before stepping back up to the buffet. There was another woman there – a redhead with a long flowing blue dress, wearing more jewellery than Jody had ever seen one person wear before. She wasn’t paying the food much attention though and was instead filling up a giant fish-bowl glass to the brim with gin and tonic.
“You don’t meet people like Dean Winchester and Castiel every day, you know,” Claire said, more confident now. “And when you do first meet them, you might think that there is no way that they could work. They’re just that different. I mean, take Dean. He is a junk-food addict who has not only seen, but can also quote, every single movie ever made. Whereas Cass can barely understand a Star Trek reference, and only actually learnt what pop tarts were, like a week ago.”
Sam did a literal spit take at that while Eileen patted his back, and Bobby laughed. Dean and Cass both just blinked at their son for a moment before they both split into laughter too.
Dean was already telling them no before either Garth or Bess had opened their mouths to extend the invitation.
began to play. At that point, Dean and Mary had danced together instead while Cass watched on fondly with the rest of their family. After that, Dean declared that it was time for more pie. However, the pan on top of the pool table was empty, and they didn’t want to go back into the kitchen without asking the owner if it was okay first. So, Dean glanced around the room, looking for any sign of his strange but well-meaning friend.
All around them, people cheered as Cass and Dean wrapped their arms around each other and began swaying to the music. Embarrassment flushed Dean’s cheeks a bright red, and made his movement stiff and jerky, but that didn’t keep the grin from forming on his lips.
’ go” he emphasised the words by making quotation gestures, made more awkward as he was holding the mike, and refused to pull away to talk. And Dean rolled his eyes. “I’ve been informed that’s a rather good one.”
they could kiss. So, they did. Dean leant over into Cass’s embrace, meeting his lips, and pulling him all the closer.
“I got to learn what Dean is like with Cass, and I also saw what he is like without him. And it was through that, that I got to learn what love was like,” the God-child continued, and Bobby turned back to face him again. “Sometimes, to quote that Nazareth song that Dean likes so much... love hurts. It can burn you, and it can scar your heart.
Mary turned back to Bobby and Sam, all of them waiting to hear the opening notes of that ridiculous song...
He didn’t think he’d ever get used to this, to actually being with Dean, but he’d have the rest of his life to find that out.
Claire finished her toast, blushing only a little bit as she caught eyes again with Kaia, by raising her glass and taking a sip.
“Well, you certainly did last night,” she reminded him, and Dean (Dean Winchester, demon hunter, vampire slayer, the man who helped defeat
Charlie still found that strange. Learning she had a doppelganger from another world hadn’t really bothered her (she’d read enough comics to be familiar with the multiverse theory, thank you very much) but, somehow, finding out that the
