‘No. I’ll be positive but I’ll also be realistic. Do not overreach. Do not hope too much. Do not do that to yourself.’ His throat briefly quivered as he turned and walked away from Sam, towards the Pierces, and did not look back. He heard as Sam’s horses clopped away, heading to his safe home.
“I had hoped you all would be a little more lively…Steve was far better.” He slouched, pouting. “Of course, Steve is better with everything. You all can’t truly compete with that. No need to hold that against you.”
“Let’s just say things have gotten a little…dirtier since you’ve been asleep. The world has greatly overused its resources and we have trouble brewing if we don’t change things. My team and I have been studying it for its production of power. Power as in for things like clean electricity.” He explained.
“W-Wait, Nat, let me at least share a link to him!” Bruce yelped as he was carried off to, probably, be ravished.
“Ha,” Tony yawned again. “It feels like a sin to know you’re up by six every day.” He groaned as if he were suffering through a horrendous stomach cramp.  “How do you do it?”
“Adorable and awkward. Never an idiot.” Tony hummed and pushed at Steve’s shirt. “Off or I will shred it off of you.”
Steve followed, happy to help. The two continued to share some mild small talk as they worked. Sam was interested in the attention Steve earned from Wanda and Natasha.
Sam explained there was a public library, though quite small, and only two restaurants and one pub. Most everyone cooked for themselves and Steve would find errands and favors got him a lot more than money for some families. Some farmers would enjoy having a young man like Steve tend to some crops a few times a year and he could earn some grain or tomatoes in return.
“It wasn’t that bad.” Steve rubbed his hands up and down Tony’s bare back. “It was a long time ago.”
“Apparently she did not raise a fool. And in order: Legally Blond, Howl’s Moving Castle, Home Alone, and Clue.”
He had tried to move on, but they had both known the dream he shared with her it was Steve that was by his side, laughing as the toddler gripped at his face and called him, “Papa.” It was Steve he woke up pressed again, sharng flirty words, and grinning as a kiss became something full of fie and adoration.
She roughly pinched his side. “Why not go over and spend some more time with him? He is the one who looks a little jealous. God, that’s heartbreaking…like a kicked puppy. Don’t you ever do a damn thing to him, Stark. I’ll kill you myself so I don’t hear ASPCA commercials every time his bottom lip trembles. Ugh, in fact, that’s too much. Jarvis, make a million dollar donation to an animal charity, pronto.”
“But he looks…” Tony’s face twisted unsure what word would best describe the soft looking man. “So…he…I dunno…he just doesn’t look it.”
Tony grinned, “We better be careful. Knowing the Avenger’s track record of improbability I may actually get you pregnant.”
“Yes. He’d become one, even if the rest of us tell him not to, he would do it because he can’t help it. He’s selfless, Bruce. He’s unfairly selfless. He is going to ruin himself if I allow him out on the field.”
“Ah, not again…” Bruce groaned and hoped up behind Clint to get the cookie-blockage out of his windpipe.
“So…uh, here…” Tony cleared his throat, looking a little unsure as they stopped at a door. “This is my lab.”
“Bwha…” He blinked as creatures, for sure in the alien category, scurried in, panic etched on their faces.
The home was odd looking. It was filled with sharp corners and wide-open spaces. It looked almost too clean and pristine with little bits here and there to show wealth. Every so often Steve had to stop to look at something: an intercom system, a wingless-fan, a big screen television.
Steve’s eyes narrowed as he searched his memory for the familiar term, “That is…domination and submission?”
“Ugh, you’re thinking too much.” Natasha noted with a scowl. “There will be no dips down PTSD-memory lane with me. We’re going to have fun.”
I'm working on Steve's reaction to Tony and his flirting and touching. It's hard at this point in time because he is so overwhelmed by everything that at times it feels he is being a little too ok with Tony's personal actions. I hope I hinted enough that Steve is in a delicate emotional place and doesn't know what to do in the situation and how to properly respond.
“It’s time to get up. You need to get off of me. And,” he still sounded bashful but happy, “out of me.”
“Not like you and you know it. Or,” he frowned and then sighed, “you don’t. Of course you don’t. Because no one told you, Fury never made you get therapy, and none of us ever really talked to you about your life…
what has you so upset? Tony you had me terrified.” Steve looked surprised, but was smiling in relief though also looking a little embarrassed. “I wish you had told me earlier. I know I am still a bit of a novice so I am sorry if I haven’t been doing gre--”
Bucky was so tired of hearing about Clint's chickens and how one of them was the adopted child of Clint and Natasha.
Sipping his blue drink, pulling it away in a bit of surprise at how sweet it was, Steve provided a smile to Clint, “I feel like I may be saying something idiotic but that actually sounds fun.”
For a few breaths, he stared at the empty kitchen, heart in his throat. Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of an unknown human lurking about. It was just a dirty kitchen.
Tony, his eyes trained hungrily on the sight, slowly dropped to his knees, ignoring Steve’s startled attempts to keep him standing. He gripped the hips, keeping the image before him in awe. “You…did this to yourself…you branded yourself.”
"Come on, Cap." He heard his own voice as the scene changed. "Let's see those muscles be put to work."
Thanos balled one fist before he stabbed an end into his arm. "Your people have this ability. Blood transfusion. To save lives."
‘If only he was the only one.’ Steve thought and did he best not to pout. Sadly, Tony had kept his word and Steve was placed in intense therapy with some professional doctor every morning immediately after breakfast.
“True. No worries, Nat, I’ll get him to stop that. I think he has caused us all enough trouble.” He flicked the blade in the air and caught it between his knuckles as it came back down. “I did jump to a bit aggressive with you…apologies. Steve does that to me.”
His boyfriend looked flustered and nervous; normally not the best combination for the hyperactive genius who could begin to invent without much caution and create quite dangerous things through his intense care and paranoia. When he had said he wanted to talk to Steve, the blond had known instantly it was serious to some level…he just didn’t think, well maybe a little as he had some insecurities of his own, this concerning.
"Good thing I'm still in a pissed-off mood and don't care. It's beautiful." Tony frowned. "Though I can understand...some memories can be...ugly. But you chose to have them on you. Why?"
Both could instantly see the hearts and money symbols sprout over Josh’s head—he clearly did not care about the threats. Steve was a babbling mess at the possessive display.
“Yeah,” He looked out his window at the glorious New York skylight. It wasn’t as impressive in the afternoon as it was at night but it was a nice view nonetheless. It did feel a bit unfair to dangle such a sight in front of Steve and not let him go and appreciate it. “Ok. But, not until I feel comfortable about this Hydra thing and Nat is free to protect my baby’s fine ass if things go south. I want you or a program of your design working on this rumor twenty-four-seven, got it?”
“Love,” he slurred, already drunk of lust and a desperation for more. “Up. Want more of you. Want it,” he tugged at the short hair, teasingly at first and then harder. “Open those big blues for me, pretty boy.”
“Excellent guess.” He made his way forward, the floorboards making no sound as he approached. “You’re a bright one, dear heart. I don’t see many of those anymore.” He sighed overdramatically. “It seems I always attract the idiots. The
“Hmm, that is true. Surprise that spacey head of yours thought of it. Did they tell you how much of a portion?”
Tony chewed on his lip. He knew Jarvis was right. Freaking out over a whisper of Hydra was ridiculous. There had been whispers in the past. There were constantly rumors of something bigger and badder coming their way and rarely did they prove true. Him panicking and obsessing over this probably dead-end would not be for the best. There were far too many other things that needed his attention. And the last thing he wanted was Steve worrying over him worrying over nothing.
“Now I’m a thing?! First a rabies riddled beast, then a pet, and now a thing! Oh, you have some assholes in your crew, angel-man. And I thought Quill was annoying. Give me a few seconds, I’ll get him apologizing in no time!” Those little arms were wailing around.
The shocked look was starting to slowly melt off and something softer taking over, “Usually a few more words are shared. I do know their names.”
“I hope earlier but given how my father enjoys the politics and dragging things along for the sake of appearance," Thor sighed. "Yes, end of the week would be the safest date.”
“And you were picked? Over,” Nebula choked a moment, her abused instincts urging her to call the man father, “Thanos?”
“No. If what he said is true I don’t want anyone to know we may have any sort of information about this. Bury him.”
"A," he licked his lips, dry, and gave an uneasy glare to the box. "A...transfusion...well, uh, interesting. What exactly does it do?"
Steve swallowed. The fire and his curse…that special it his mother fretted over…all the miserable occurrences that had taken place the past few months that led him pinned under what was, without any doubt, the most dangerous being he would ever see…
“Uh…yeah, not gonna work. And I’m Steve, not…” He sighed and tried to get up again. He managed a few steps before his knees hit the ground again. “Ah, dammit. This is taking longer than I thought.”
“Thank you.” Steve grunted as he pulled out all the boxes and sacks. “You better head on home then.”
Normal. It felt normal. Like this was the life Steve war born into and lived in for his twenty-odd-years. This was his kitchen where he cooked eggs and hash every day, where cabinets held his own personal coffee mug, and his sheets were in the laundry with his favorite scented soap. This life almost felt right.
He could almost feel arms secured around him, with a silent promise that there would be no more pain or fear or loneliness…
Natasha grinned, her hair a mess, her body tender, and her face in more pain than it had been in years. “Steve has a mean right hook.”
“Thank you, baby. I like to look the part of a boss on occasion. You look wonderful as well.” He licked his lips. “Damn, those jeans are a good fit. Wish you’d let me help you into them.”
"Nat," Tony tilted his head to look at the spy at his side, "of course, already knows her job.I want you ready by the time we get to Thursday. Not just with the names. You’re going to be in charge of the…sessions.” He smiled. “I’d like you to put on a show that evening. As you know we’re going to record it for any future disputes.”
“Excitement passed quite quickly when you arrived with an army that belongs to the monster that did all of this and held me in the air by my throat.” Natasha pointed out.
"Wha...oh, oh." He shook his head. "No, I was...Tony, this," he motioned to his wrist, "is not my first tattoo. I was there getting something else done when Josh showed me this piece."
Tony only needed a few more powerful, deep thrusts and he stilled, arching deep into Steve, and released himself. He groaned out Steve’s name as he kept Steve’s hips up so more of his semen stayed in place. With how hard it hit him and how much came out, if Steve had the ability to get pregnant there was little doubt he would’ve been carrying a child after that.
“Still where you left him. He’s sleeping. Still rather weak. Even with his serum I think he needs at least another two days before he should step out of there. Enough time to get our room put together.”
“Well,” Steve pulled back from the arc and from Tony’s hand. “I just hope you have proper medical assistant when you do.” He shook his head. “I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“You’ll be such a good mama, ah, yes, yes,” Tony groaned out, ensuring his thrusting was hard and hitting all the right spots. “Fuck, call me daddy.”
Of course he had expected, hoped, that their discussion would lead into some sexy times…but he really wanted to get the conversation over and avoid interruptions and god, Steve felt so good.
He was fine. he was still Tony Stark. He was still Iron Man. Thanos would not take that away from him. He couldn't lose. He refused.
“Oh, gentle heart…you forgive far too easily. And I am far too soft for you.” Tony pressed himself closer, purring, “beg me prettily enough and maybe I’ll consider it. Let me name our first girl Morgan and maybe I’ll let that bastard go.”
“At first, it went well. No one told them what was happening. It was thought for the best. After all, nothing seemed to happen when nothing was spoken. After a few years, things started to change. The family became withdrawn. Then they started to show signs of the same madness as before with Hammer. They spoke of books and a handsome man who promised them anything…”
“Guess he had that going for him.” He stared at the group, “I am quite disappointed in the lack of jubilance of my returning safe. Steve was happy to see me.”
And looking at Steve trying to get drunk with his family, Tony knew all the steps were right. He had found that captured good, that wonderful happiness, and had brought it back to the world.
“I thought you wanted to go back to sleep?” Steve sighed, arching his neck to let Tony give it all the attention he wanted.
“We going to have a romantic moment if our hands graze each other as we go for a cheek?” Natasha asked, quirking a brow at Tony.
“You’re still going to get away with a lot. You have me wrapped around your little finger, angel-face.” He nipped at Steve’s fingers to prove his point. “But how did you figure I handle weapons?”
"Yeah?" Tony cocked a brow, still in his suit. In 2012 it did not come on and off as easy as it did now. "You gonna confess it was you that kissed me?"
Such a warm and imposing color. It reminded Steve of cinnamon, of chocolate, coffee, fall leaves, worn leather, tempting dark woods…
“Do not start blabbering about spirits and demons again, Steven.” Zemo warned. “No one in this house appreciates it like you do. No one is interested. It’s all hogwash. If you need something to feel closer to your mother, fine, they may judge but I will not. Just do not talk about it.” He huffed. “I find the whole concept more unsettling than comforting anyway. Who enjoys the idea that the dead linger around and watch us?”
"Ahhhh," Josh sang up like a choir. "The end is neigh. Praise be lord Jeebuz and the Holy Lord Beyoncé."
Sam managed to point to a few buildings, waving to an occasional passerby on the street, most all of which gave Steve a curious if perhaps suspicious stare. Despite this, as Steve cold find now fault in curiosity concerning new neighbors, the town was very pleasant. Quite quaint too, as all the houses were small but charming and in strong shape. Most looked familiar to old cottages but there were plenty of new building popping up with the modernized look and with fresh coats of paint. Drastically slow in comparison to New York, but Steve could make do.
Steve did as told and she watched with an impressed stare. “You can make yourself very light. Great height. I know you are used to throwing all your weight into your punches but you need to move more from your hips and toes. Put a little more strength on your bottom half and I won’t be able to toss you over my shoulder so easily.”
“Of sorts. Again, working on getting out the better details and to find my next target but yes to sum up; mercenaries are getting hired by someone in the government, who happens to know some information about Avengers and Stark Industries, and they are doing their best to get into this power structure of yours and feed off of it.”
“What?” Tony blinked in surprise and betrayal as he looked at the boring man and then quickly shook his head in denial, “No! No way! Nu-uh! Captain America is HUGE! He’s big and manly and can punch a tank!” Tony flailed about. “That guy isn’t that.”
Something deep in him shuddered terribly. His muscles bunched up before something released and relaxed and it felt so easy and right. It had been so hard...so long since he last felt any sort of happiness. When was the last time anything was easy? Never. Not even when his parents were alive. He was exhausted. All the time.
“Gentle, love, gentle. Stay still.” Tony ordered, his hands reaching down to Steve’s hips, stilling him from movement he hadn’t been aware of. “I’m in charge. I move. You receive everything I give when I say so.”
Impressive power coming from her….yes, she could very well give him a fight of some worth. Her and Thor together might just even defeat him.
The two stared at each other a moment and the room felt like there was too much in it. The man absorbed everything and gave back far too much. His brown eyes were intense and did not waver as he bore into Steve’s own.
“You time-jumped seventy-years. I thought maybe give yourself a few weeks to, you know, process we have microwaves.”
It was swarming and he couldn’t breathe…he was drowning again…cold, cold water was coming to him, breaking at his neck and breaking past his lips and making everything so dark and lonely.
Steve chuckled, and then provided a pleasant smile to another body approaching. The man looked very gentle and soft with hair that was brown turning gray but, strangely it did not look as if he were old…just that his hair got stuck between different colors. Though with the edges of his eyes it seemed there was too much experience and pain in his life.
I hate being an adult, doing adult things, like working a hateful job that zaps all inspiration, passion, energy, and life out of me. I couldn't even write about lovely Steve and Dark!Tony...ugh...what a bummer.
“I wasn’t exaggerating before, in the lab. You would…It would take a lot more with how little information we have on the serum.”
'Push it back,' he demanded, gritting his teeth. 'Don't let it happen. Don't let him win. He can't win. He won't win. I've held on this long. I'm still Tony Stark. I am Iron Man.'
There was another kiss on his head, a whisper in a language he did not understand but somehow comprehended as something of “I’ll see you back here soon”, and then with a wisps of smoke, Steve was back in the empty attic.
“Of course I wasn’t thinking of it. Who would ever think to wax a man who transforms into a deadly, uncontrollable beast from the slightest bit of emotional turmoil? Not me, that’s for sure.” Tony turned back to Barton and gave him a tilt of the brow to say they’d continue the idea later. “I take it you called me for something important though?”
“That you thought I bit, B-I-T, you cause we’re friends? Ha, no. I’ll remind you of that for the rest of our lives.” He chuckled. “Still, holy shit.”
“Yes sir. The kitchen will be right after the bedrooms. Unless you want it first?” He asked, afraid to jump to any conclusions on their mindset. They could change their mind swifter than southern weather.
“If only.” Tony sighed, feeling the weight of his arc in his chest. “I know it’s not time, yet. Maybe in five years, that’s a reasonable rather realistic goal.” He smiled to himself. “It’s funny…I’ve been considering getting a place like Clint has. Something quaint, where he keeps his sister and her kids safe and he goes and just disappears.”
“Ugh,” he groaned, his voice soft and he rolled back to stare up at the ceiling. His mind wasn’t quite awake but he started at his toes, focusing feeling to them and trailed up his legs, thighs, hips, chest, arms…ok, yeah, there he was.
His head flopped back and he stared up at the dark ceiling and willed his hand to not gently press against the gold and wish...
At least he felt like it was his own curiosity. It was almost like he could see dark tendrils out of his peripheral vision, flickering and sweet, shadowed words whispering urges against his skin.
“Steven, Steven, Steven.” Brock shook his head in clear mockery. “You do know this,” his finger circled around their household, “isn’t lasting forever, right?”
That was another thing Steve liked about Sam. He was very honest, almost blunt. Tony was too but sometimes Steve got the impression he was not always telling the whole truth, just parts of it. There was something of a politician in Tony’s mannerisms that made him just seem too aware and above everyone else to want to fill them in on all the secrets.
“Again, you’re delicate.” Tony kissed him and reluctantly pulled back. “I’d love to keep bickering with you, but I
He was in the room with something incredibly dangerous; something not of this world. Something very, very wrong.
Tony stared at himself in the mirror, taking in his appearance. His torso was thick with muscles, like it was cut from granite, with scars trailing a jagged path around him. He finally had his goatee back though there was no grey to be found, something he strangely found himself bitter about. The wing-chun had had obsessed with for years had evolved into abilities he was sure were no longer quite human Something terrible and lethal. He knew thousands of ways to kill a person painlessly. Tens of thousands of ways to kill with agony. All with his hands alone. A blade felt as a part of him as a screwdriver.
It went silent again save for the humming of the tattooing machine. He looked down himself, eyeing the long pattern of dates that started under his left pec, hovering about an inch below the nipples, starting with two of some of the most important numbers, and trailed down in a steady, thick line of numbers about three inches thick with three set of dates on each line.
Tony blinked back, his brain slowly shutting down and then rebooting. "Not first...Josh? Who the hell is
"You gonna come at me or what, coward?" She provided another feline smirk and twirled the fork in warning.
“I am sure I’ll wake up. Have to.” He rubbed his face. “You’re more than welcome to join me up in the attic?”
"Deep breaths." Tony whispered, his warm hands reaching over and touching Steve's trembling ones. "And drop it off." His face was closer to Steve than he realized. "Let me see it, Steve. Let me see you."
The billionaire took a side-ways glance, went back to his work, before his head snapped back to fully look at the image. “That’s a tattoo.”
"Right? Here is Hawkeye's arrow," he pointed to the arrow in the middle. "Here is your star. Black Widow's symbol. Oh, oh, here is the A, well, obviously..."
"What?" Tony grunted as he continued to use his blade to shave; once he really knew how to use it, it became better than any razor on earth. His goatee was always sharp and pristine. His hair changed from longer to short at times, but he always kept his beard. Besides, he knew his Steve loved the look.
“I know that. And you’ll handle it even better with a therapist.” He picked up Steve’s hands again and started to stroke the wrist over the veins. “Please, please trust me on this. I know it sounds like the worst thing…and yeah, ok, it is.” He remembered all the therapists he had forced himself to sit through to try and get his mind to channel his pain into something better. “But it will help you.”
Dr. Yinsen, the man who had pulled shrapnel from Tony’s broken heart, had placed a hand on his shoulder, “Heroes aren’t perfect, Tony. Even your Captain. But, if he was as great as you have told me, I believe if he were alive he’d be searching the world for you.”
Getting hit by a train was probably more delicate than the orgasm that smashed into Steve. He screamed, he wasn’t sure if it was Tony’s name or just a guttural wail of pleasured agony, but he swore everyone in in a two-mile radius heard him.
“I love you, you know. More than I have loved anyone else. I’m just sorry I’ve struggled to really show this to you.”
“No boys in our future?” Steve laughed, tilting his head to the side to let Tony have as much access to his neck as he wanted.
“Gotta be, man. Sir.” He corrected. He needed to learn to be a little less easy-going with people in power. It got him so many laps in the force but he figured that Stark would not put him to physical labor as he may actually harm him. “Just think about it. Or talk to him. At least let him understand why because he really doesn’t get it.”
Throwing a wrench to the side, he flopped to his back, trying to do his best and keep the building rage from exploding out of him. Or puking. Or screaming.
“Well, enough about beds and mysteries.” He muttered to himself. “What am I going to do for the next few hours?” His fingers drummed against his thigh and he took a brief look around his present location. It would be difficult to get lost, something that could be an adventure back home, but he could make do. “Ah, Sam mentioned a library.”
“Good…right…yeah, very good.” His fingers started to tighten on Steve’s arms. “We’ll…we’ll need to get a safe word--”
These men were always at his side, ready to provide some help in their own way and not allow him to get sucked into that internal hole and break.
“Just waiting on your word. Clint has us hooked up to appear live to the designated individuals…all of which received your invitation to watch.” Natasha listed off. “Thor is keeping our guests occupied, Bruce has the tools and syringes prepared, you’ve made sure that no matter how long we drag this out we won’t get tracked, and Peter has sworn to me he will head straight home after-school to study for his Literature test tomorrow.”
“Mhmm, it will.” Tony purred, pressing himself against Steve and gave a little thrust. He laughed when Steve made another cute noise. “God, I really should’ve done this sooner. Making you mine…hell, I was an idiot.”
“All perspective.” Tony shrugged. “I find I am quite better off now. Hard to deny,” in fluid motion he threw the dagger at Thor’s face; he tilted a brow when the god tilted his head to the side and allowed the weapon to get embedded in the wall behind him. “Catching it would’ve been cooler. Would’ve kept the wall pristine.”
“Appreciate that.” Steve puffed out some laughter that turned into a broken groan as he allowed his body to relax as Tony commanded. “It’s passing. That was just a little surprise to the system. It’s feeling a lot better now.”
It took a moment for it to all absorb into his head but when it did, he couldn't believe how perfect it was. Artistic, memorable, inclusive, stand-out, quiet, geometric, smooth...perfect.
Tony checked the screen with Steve and Sam again. Steve was running normally and was pushing his body to an unnecessary harsh level. Tony could see in his expression that he was bored and flustered and had more energy than he could ever spend.
“Babe, you were a virgin about twenty-four hours ago. You haven’t done this before. Give yourself a break.”
With barely a huff, she scooped the near unconscious Steve up, holding him protectively as she nodded to Natasha to lead the way.
“I…I don’t know.” He answered honestly and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “You just touch me and say these things and…” Steve started to feel panic crawl up from his legs and spread throughout his whole body. “I…I don’t know. I really…sorry, I don’t--”
"We will distract you, my son. Do not worry. This will go faster than you anticipate. Faster still once you accept it. Once you open yourself up to who you are and what you are meant to become. Once you understand the truth..." He smiled, softly and filled with such dark promises, "you will be reborn."
"Well," Josh held up a finger, "I wanted to show you my," he provided jazz hands, "epic design for the team."
“I…wha…but-but,” ok, he really did not expect this when he came down to include Tony in his new tattoo adventure. “You’re mad at me.”
Steve laughed breathily. “Yeah, they were a bit like Howard and your mom I think. Though, in the end, not as close of friends.” Steve sighed and gently placed the photograph back in its place. “Drinking was common back then and Hugh was so hurt inside from what he was hiding. I don’t remember him. He died when I was two or three. He died working in a factory. Common back then too.”
“Oye, Stark, your boy-toy is getting close to disappearing to a corner. Better get to him.” Natasha, the traitor, called out before she and Bruce disappeared.
Her nose scrunched up as if she smelled something fowl and Tony chuckled, “At least someone here can understand what I went through. He did grow boring after the first fifty years.” His fingers traced his goatee, “Still not pleased when he de-aged me and I lost this.”
His surroundings smelled clean and comforting, like fresh laundry, and his body was encased on something almost too soft for comfort but he still sunk back into it weakly. When he re-closed his eyes he could almost sense the life of New York vibrating around him.
“Yes, but make sure Taiwan’s efforts are sympathetic. See if you can make contact with someone over there. Put up faces of crying families. I dunno,” he waved his hands around, “whatever you think is best. I don’t want to hide this but I don’t want it to appear they’re enemies of the Avengers. We can also use it to play up our big hearts and possibly get them as a loyal ally.”
“It was the Depression. That was very common and when you’re on the field you’re willing to eat anything.”
"And sorry for, uh, ever saying anything to you about your dad." He looked away. "I don't know what happened but Natasha suggested I don't pry or anything. So, I'm sorry about that."
It was silent for a brief moment, clearly no one believing him, until he held up his bare wrist to showcase he new ink. Instantly, the cereal in Clint's mouth spurted out and onto the counter and he was left a choking mess.
“Just for a few seconds.” She smiled. Her lips were painted with bright red lipstick and her white dress was both professional and sexy as it hovered over her knees but had a spectacular view of her collarbone and back. “I don’t blame you though. You should have a lot on your mind. Hopefully that means that you will finally crash, pass out, and sleep properly.”
“O-Oh god,” Steve rasped out. They had not done this without lubricant before. The actual act of it could not be described as comfortable; it almost hurt. But this was raw. It was pure contact with Tony. He felt so hyper-aware of ever centimeter of the cock rubbing harshly against his own; the girth, the veins, the curve…it was almost as good as having it within him.
“You’ll allow me to do anything to you. I can…let go. You’ll let me lose control on you. I want that.” He was struggling getting the words out. “I want to just become an animal and fuck you.”
Unable to help himself, Steve watched him go. Tony was not as tall as himself, but he was no small man. What he perhaps lacked a bit in height he made up for with dense shoulders and arms that were imposing and knee-melting. With his abs and solid trunk along with his grace in movement he gave off the impression of something more than a businessman.
Steve looked up from his spaghetti, his face full and a mess, and nodded eagerly. Like usual, Tony felt everything within him melt at the sight of the face. There was so much hardness and sadness, too much for someone so young and good, and Tony wanted to press his hand against the tender face and smooth all of that pain off.
“I-I didn’t know Howard had any more family. Is he ok?” Steve looked worried. “What about Peggy? A-And was it confirmed Red Skull is dead?”
‘Not like I can hide it. He’s seen the suit and, god he is so bright.’  His father really did not make enough highlights on how intelligent Steve was. That made something smug grow in his chest; not even Howard was shown this brilliance. Tony was probably one of the only few who knew. As far as he could guess, maybe only Steve’s mother, his childhood friend Bucky Barnes, and the scientist Dr. Erskine knew. And Peggy.
He swallowed, a broken noise coming from his throat, and nodded, “Sorry. I’m sorry. Please, Tony. I’m sorry. Don’t stop, please. I need you…please. Only you. I can’t without you. I need you. So please, I’m sorry…don’t stop. Please.”
“Oh.” Steve huffed air into his hands, rubbing them together, and then pushed them back under to rub his ribs. Even through his shirt and jacket it felt like his fingers could feel each of his ribs. “May I know why?”
, Barton, not what you eat from. God you are so unsanitary.” Tony’s nose scrunched up. “Knowing you, you’ll forget to clean it and then try to eat berries from the tip again. Besides, it’s Natasha and Thor’s turn. You get it next time.”
There, resting on Steve’s hip was his arc in a deep, rich gold: a perfect circle with an upside down triangle. In the same color palette were two dates. “This is the date of Siberia and this is the date I saw you again.”
“I was actually the first to do this. But from it a lot of medical advancements have been made. Here,” his voice went soft and scratchy as he took Steve’s hand and brought it up to it. “I call it the arc.”
“Perhaps.” Steve gave her a nod in gratitude. “Thank you for sharing this with me. I appreciate knowing a bit of where I’m living. I hope to see you around Ms. Wanda…oh, you look like you may know the answer to this…library?”
“Right then, have a good evening.” He kicked the ponies into gear and trotted away from the home. This time, Sam looked over his shoulder to give Steve one more wave.
“Oh.” Tony’s eyes went a little wider, finally comprehending what was being discussed. “You think I have no choice?”
The blond looked up in surprise, “Oh, Zemo. Sorry. I was a bit…” he shook his head. “I appear to be a bit out of it.”
“N-no!” Steve shook his head frantically. “Just…that you did it out of frustration or…or something.”
He could feel himself get hard, a wonderful surprise since he came at least five times himself, when he imagined his Steve on all fours as the God of Thunder pounded into him for a show. Watching Steve take it might be nearly as good as fucking the man himself.
“Love you too, Stark. Can’t I call to say I missed your manly, hairy arms?” He took another bite and flecks flew on his sunglasses. “Though not as hairy as Bruce. We may need to get him waxed.”
She laughed. “Careful with your words. He’s a powerful idiot. He could make things bad for you if he chooses.”
“Yeah, that’s so hot.” Tony gave him a flirty look. “Bet you could also break my bones once I get you to ride me.”
Steve just rolled his eyes and went back to sipping his beer. It was really good. He had better in France, but they were known for some good drinks and he was a soldier at the time so any food or drink was amazing when he had access to it. The food, pizza, was really good. He already had seven slices (Thor was at thirteen and Clint at ten, though he looked like he was about to puke from it) and was ready for more.
His promise to not bruise his mouth only lasted a few moments before he had to reach down to grip Steve’s head, holding him down as he thrust up into him. He groaned, feeling blissed out and almost drunk. Simply the idea that Steve was doing to him and for him was enough. It could’ve been the worse blowjob he ever received and he still would be ready to sing praises (of course, his Steve was doing a very good job) just for the idea this was Captain America pushing away his inexperience and embarrassment to pleasure him.
‘Yeah, not the smartest question.’ Steve thought as he looked at his trembling hands. He clearly was so perhaps repeating a simple name would be better for him. “T-Tony.”
Steve shrugged, “It seems this manor is very famous in the town. Loads of rumors. Was asked twice if we’d seen anything our first night. I wasn’t aware of it till then.”
He picked himself and glared at his growing erection. “He needs his sleep. We can fuck him again later.”
“His mouth was thinner than yours too. I see her smile on you more so than Howard’s though I can say you got some wildness from the both of them. Her nose too,” Steve tilted his head as he studied the picture and the soft curves of the woman’s face. “Looks identical to yours actually. Got her ears too.”
“No.” He sighed. “I know it’s coming. I’m pretty sure he knows it as well. Wilson is helping me keep watch but…well, who the hell knows? This mental shit…depression, PTSD…it’s so different for everyone and Steve…” He winced, knowing sooner than later it all would hit his precious angel like a truck and leave him broken. “I’ve done my best to keep Steve distracted and happy and, god look at him, he’s flourishing…”
“Wait, I’m confused,” Bruce said slowly around the rim of his glass of whiskey. He had finished drinks one and two while Tony recapped the day before, the shit he threw in the theater, and the next morning. Three Drink Bruce was far more eager about interactive conversations than any other Bruce. “You… said agreed?”
Tony opened his mouth immediately, and, unbidden, Steve’s memory conjured the visceral memory of Tony laughing ‘you first!’ back at him. But in the present, Tony’s nervous energy evaporated, and right before Steve’s eyes, Tony’s whole facade and confidence deflated. With his head hung low, Tony nodded in understanding.
Without any fanfare or sarcasm, Tony finally crossed the threshold and joined the team in the conference room. “Fine. I need a computer and coffee.”
“Guess that means I'll keep’em, then,” Tony said with a grin, twisting in Steve’s arms to give him a quick peck on the lips. “But if you don’t get dressed soon, I doubt we’ll make it to the barn tonight.”
“Ohh, yeah,” Tony murmured in reply, still sipping on his whiskey green tea. Or, green tea steeped in whiskey, because that’s how Bruce preferred his whiskey. “Thought so, too, but… y’know, couldn’t ask for her number in front of him.”
Steve pursed his lips as he considered the patrol car in much the same way Tony looked at the old death trap tin cans from the 21st that ran on combustion engines and poisonous gasoline. He was determined to give Steve time to adjust, and stepped around to the passenger side while Steve considered his new task. Steve followed suit and squeezed into the car with care.
They caught each other up on the more banal events in their lives as they made their way to their old favorite haunt. Bucky was barely surviving Natasha’s increasingly involved interrogations about what she was getting for her birthday, while Steve was still reeling from the unexpectedly complimentary phone calls he’d received from parents after the field trip. Apparently, a handful of his students were now glued to nature documentaries, and wouldn’t stop talking about everything they’d learned at the zoo.
“I would like that,” Tony murmured, only ever thinking about being coy long enough to dismiss the thought. “Especially if that jacuzzi of yours still works.”
The concern on Steve’s face morphed into long-suffering exasperation—which, for less than a week of exposure, Tony felt was a little unwarranted. But he wouldn’t have survived another minute of Steve’s concern and pity, and everyone knew the frustrating fate of beggars.
One after another, he laid out photos of each crime scene. “Tied down over a barrel, lathered and paddled, page 159 out of Treasure Trail. Amy Nguyen, posed in a bed of flowers in the dumpster behind a flower shop using computer cords. Page 142 of Fathers in History.”
Steve eyed him suspiciously, though other parts of his body were far less subtle about what he hoped Tony was suggesting. “Tell me more.”
“It’s alright, Tony, you have nothing to apologize for,” Steve reminded him, bowing his head to reach Tony’s cheek with a kiss instead. “You didn’t leave, you just scared me, that’s all. Forget that now,” he urged him gently, “close your eyes. I’ll take care of you.”
“It’s been a week, Rogers. That’s not good enough. The Commissioner is tired of this author-angle you’re driving. The Commissioner feels your scope is guided by your infatuation, and—”
Tony didn’t speak the whole drive home, and for that, Steve was grateful. If he had to hear one more word about ‘venerable Governor Alexander G. Pierce,’ he was going to start throwing punches. On one hand, Steve was glad this long, impossible day was finally over, but on the other hand, he was growing increasingly concerned with the presumed sleeping arrangements. He had been frozen for decades, his skin ached to be touched, and thanks to the adrenaline spike following the chaos outside Taco Bell, his blood was still pumping in overtime for any kind of gratifying release.
“Not anymore,” Tony sang with a cheeky smirk that caught Steve’s attention. “The next movie will be an Iron Man movie, featuring his trusty sidekick, Captain America.”
The door was solid wood, but the way it rattled under the force of Howard’s rage left Steve wondering if maybe he could have handled that better. Howard looked livid, and this certainly wasn’t improving his temper. Soon he’d wake their neighbors, or even Tony might come down to see what the commotion was about, and then what would Steve say?
“You don’t fuck me in the next ten seconds,” Tony hissed, mildly breathless from the pressure of his position weighing on his torso, “so help me god, Steve, I will smack you with every dildo under the—”
It was almost by luck that he glanced up and noticed the two hosts across from them. “Galvarino is a legendary Mapuche warrior in Latin America,” he said as the question came back to him. “He fought against the Spanish invaders. But, you’re not wrong, I would really like to be a pirate someday, too,” he added with a lopsided smile. Whatever had been on Steve’s mind seconds ago faded, and Steve only smiled back easily.
“You could just ask how he’s doing, you know,” Tony teased, his smile so bright and adoring that there was no doubt of whom he was referring to either. “I watch this show; I know you like him.”
“Would that come in in time for you—sorry,” Steve said suddenly as he finally caught himself being far too much of himself. He cleared his throat and tried a bashful smile. “Sorry, that’s shop talk. We can talk about something else?”
But, as he experimentally shifted his hips, some things didn’t add up. Tony’s cock was bigger than this—Steve had expected his cock to feel much thicker, and certainly longer.
“Try it, it’s good. Chewy,” Tony remembered to warn him. “Maybe just the tip? There’s more flavor there—what?” he stopped talking as Steve spluttered through a burst of laughter. Steve couldn’t yet speak coherently when Tony’s words caught up to him.
“Listen,” Stephanie whispered then, doing her best to smile for him so her news would sound like a victory. It
“Yeah, I know who you are,” Steve admitted coolly. “You’re the man whose son calls him by his first name. You’re not wanted or welcome here.”
Steve took a small step closer and looked down at him with a smile. “Will I need to carry you up the ladder, my prince?”
As requested, Bond made the call to Q-branch once the car was lost to him. Tony couldn’t tell if it hurt more or less, but he put her down himself.
Between the vicious battery he was fending off and the inexplicable target of the attack, Steve was startled by a chorus of giddy whoops of excitement. He turned his face to see what had happened, and when his assailant tried to capitalize on his exposed cheek to knock him out, Steve swung back and caught their fist.
“Thanks,” Steve smirked, pleased to see the appreciative interest flashing in Brock’s eyes. “You don’t look so bad yourself. Having a good time?”
Steve was caught up trying to remember why the shape and style of the window niggled at the back of his mind—it was recognizable; he knew it meant something, damnit!—when a thunderous crash barrelled overhead and the world dropped out from under him. In one heartbeat he hung weightless in the air, and in the next he collided against the floor as it swelled up to meet, clattering head-first against the hardwood like dead weight. His feeble grasp on consciousness blurred with the darkness encroaching on what little he’d clawed together.
Seconds later the darkened screen of his phone lit up with the fuzzy but unmistakable footage of two dozen excitable young women power walking through the library. They were splitting up to look for him. It wouldn’t be long before they caught up to him.
“Because if there were, the best of it would be in Tony’s closet,” Steve replied matter of factly. On her side of the work bench, Sharon only hummed softly in agreement.
Steve nodded wordlessly, pressed a parting kiss low on Tony’s abdomen before gently withdrawing his fingers. He sat back momentarily to tear open the packet and roll the condom on, then moved up beside Tony to move them both onto their sides until he could spoon right up against Tony’s back, his hard cock nestled in the cleft of Tony’s ass.
Steve continued drawing absent patterns over Tony’s arm without saying a word. He had learned to give Tony the space to lose himself in thought, as he often did when thinking of his mother.
Bucky’s lips twisted in despair. “Stevie, as God is my witness, I don’t remember a minute of it. I don’t know what’s happening to me. There are days that are just… blank. They tell me I was drunk, but I don’t—I don’t remember drinking. I don’t remember the women, I don’t—I don’t remember the arguments with my kids. God, why would I do that, Stevie?”
“This is body against body,” Tony replied. “In chess, your opponent’s potential is equal to yours. You're both people. But your power against a bull… the odds are impossible. It’s chess against the computer, or math against Stephen Hawking.”
“Maybe Cap isn’t trading in the Shield for an apron yet, but I was not joking about the relationship,” he said before Tony jumped to any conclusions about his opinion on Cap’s sexuality. “There’s no reason for all mainstream superheroes to be portrayed as straight, and if I can be part of representing the heroism and courage of a marginalized community, I’m there.”
The folder contained ten days worth of photographs of Steve. He knew, because the pictures were dated - ranging from his first public appearance at the General Assembly, to his televised debate with climate change deniers earlier that day.
Tony half-jogged through the gaggle of people milling around the office on a Tuesday afternoon, and took to Thor’s apartment on foot to avoid the chaotic morning traffic. Spring was cool and crisp at best in New York, but running through the streets of Manhattan in his leather jacket had him overheating and uncomfortable by the time he made it to Thor’s building.
Steve didn’t like the sound of that (or anything, really) getting between them and their relationship, and instinctively he closed the distance between them and burrowed into Tony’s open embrace.
Confused but obliging, Steve eased back on his back, and at Tony’s gentle urging, he lifted one arm and curled it under his pillow. Tony sat back then and looked his fill, gently running his fingers over the plentiful hair covering Steve’s chest, and then down over his abdomen where it thinned out before darkening again over his groin.
For his first day of classes, Steve made an added effort to look presentable. His favorite pair of slim-fit Dior jeans with a blue-grey button-up rolled up to his elbows would have been a smart choice for any occasion, but first impressions were important. He dug through his closet until he found a brown wool Herringbone Tweed vest. It was a vintage piece that had been altered for him for one of his earlier photoshoots, and while at the time he’d worn it open over a pair of gunmetal grey speedos, it was one of the few vests that closed over his chest to define his slim waist and his broad shoulders without drawing unnecessary attention to his pecs.
“But you’re the Great Chief now, the Last Chief” Tony said slowly, almost afraid to ask his question. “Yours is the most powerful magic in the world.”
“The rodeo was my life,” he continued, determined to finish the whole story. “I couldn’t stay here and not participate. Then, we heard the best rehab clinics for my needs were in New York. I went there; they kept me at the facility for six months, then it was just regular visits. I started going to college. My life changed, but I’m better, Steve,” he promised. “I can walk again, I can talk. I can write. Falling on an air mattress wouldn’t hurt me.”
Steve didn’t mean to laugh, but Tony’s words caught him by surprise. Tony’s smile grew more bright and irresistible until he pressed forward and quieted Steve’s laughter with a playful and uncoordinated mess of a kiss. Steve smoothed his fingers through Tony’s soft hair and drew him in closer, unable and unwilling as ever to resist his husband.
Tony blushed at the way Steve said his name again, but rather than correcting him, Tony quickly hid his face behind his hand under the guise of rubbing his nose. “I am not so familiar,” he said quietly, “though I have heard sarcasm was a quality attributed to your generation. However, your valid point remains, Steve Rogers. Every minute we rest is another minute that unpleasant criminal plagues our city. As you say, Captain: in tick tocks. Be well.”
Together, Channing and Tony explained how the movie embedded itself into the regional folktales, mythos, and urban legends to bring the worst imaginable mortal fears to life in the 21st century. Grudgingly, Steve had to admit they seemed like no more than good friends. Jealous as he was, Channing easily made Tony laugh. Who was Steve to wish anyone ill for that?
Tony’s grimace curdled into snarl. “Fuck you,” he glowered, “I hope I don’t die so you never get to know!”
“If you don’t want to admit we’re doing it for you, tell yourself we’re doing it for me,” Bucky told him in a droll monotone. “Cause I know you, and if you don’t find out what happens when they come out of that restaurant, I’ll never hear the end of it.”
Steve was quickly learning that this unnatural fusion of horror and hilarity was par for the course with Tony’s past, and he was getting better about laughing it off with each passing story; after all, Tony was within arms reach, perfectly safe and healthy.
Tony followed Steve’s intent stare and found the mask. The insanely realistic mask without eyes and lips that looked more like it had been peeled off someone’s face than created in a blazing all-nighter fueled by Red Bulls and coffee.
“004, welcome back,” he said, attempting to affect a tired sigh despite his racing heart. “What’s the status of your bike?”
When Tony woke up in Steve’s sprawling nest that first morning, he opened his eyes to a strange orange world. In place of Earth’s yellow star, this one was warmed by a distant orange star, and a nearer red star. The outward walls of the room were all transparent, and provided Tony with a full view of the peculiar and unexpectedly purple landscape. It looked like a private garden, but there was no green to be seen. The only thing in this world that seemed familiar was the large man sleeping beside him, the man who had come to him in his dreams. Tony shook him awake at once to get an explanation.
“Uh, sure,” Steve eventually managed. It had been a hundred and forty seven years, did he really want to question his luck? “But could you call me Steve?”
A soft jingle pulled him from the gentle comfort of sleep. Groggy and confused, he blinked his eyes open until he saw it.
Calmly, Clint got up to his feet and brushed himself off. The tunic and trousers he’d been provided with were now the only changes of clothes he had, and he intended to take good care of them.
The jut of Steve’s jaw said everything. He knew his back was against the wall; he knew this was bigger than himself. This was bigger than his ex.
“Do me a favor, Jarvis,” he murmured while skimming the remarkably eye-catching page designs. “Check security and tell me if those girls are in the building.”
“I heard you,” Tony whispered to Steve while his accompanying medic busied herself with his IVs. “A compromise. You are genius, Steve Rogers.”
“Listen, Buck. Something came up in my conversation with Tony. It’s about the case,” Steve said as casually as he could. “Long story short, last year he struggled with an addiction to pain killers after a shoulder injury, and after surgery he had relations with a nurse at the hospital in exchange for more drugs. He looked up the guy's name,” he finished before Bucky’s silence turned into something he didn’t want to deal with, and he held his phone up for Bucky to read the name himself.
“Relax, Stevie. I’m sure she doesn’t remember the times you ghosted on her niece,” Bucky assured his partner and best friend, who suddenly floundered to remember how that relationship had ended (twice).
“Which is not an obligation, Tony, despite what she likes to think,” Steve reminded him (and himself) while he busied himself pulling the freshly dried laundry out of the dryer. “She invited you to dinner this Thursday at 5:30pm. How would that work for you?”
Steve blinked down at Tony and smiled in wonder, as if he couldn’t believe the simplicity of the question. Tony blinked up at him, clearly trying to puzzle out what Steve might be thinking.
,” Steve said with slurring, uncoordinated words through his post-orgasmic haze. Tony could feel the gust of his breath against the raw, tender skin of his ass. With increasingly bold grips and strength, Steve spread open Tony’s ass cheeks and then his hole, marveling at his own handiwork.
He released the bunched up fabric of his top and, while watching himself in the mirror through his camera phone, he palmed and squeezed his cock through his leggings. It wasn’t important to get himself off, but
Tony rolled his eyes and dropped his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. “No! She likes them because she worships Princess Diana,” he groaned under his breath.
“But you still found the time to sponsor a literacy program for inner-city kids in Boston who read below their grade-level—”
After three years of marriage, Steve’s face and chest still flushed at unexpected flattery. It was easily one of Tony’s favorite pastimes.
Across from him, Steve’s facade of relaxed composure began to slip. He wet his lips and did his utmost to press them together. He hadn’t faced the question in public yet - and certainly not in front of cameras and a live studio audience.
Steve was negotiating with himself about which salad he should make and which calzone said salad would be better with when suddenly a muffled cry caught his attention. He spun around and hurried back to the hallway where he’d last seen Tony—and sure enough, there he was, just where Steve had left him, and paler than Steve had ever seen him.
“Oh yeah, a good number of them. They’re practically family,” Steve said, “it wouldn’t be the same without them.”
“You don’t know the half of it; there’s tons more in the car,” Steve confided his existential dismay to his best friend before turning to his partner. “Are we ready?”
“Move away,” Bucky clarified impatiently. “Go to LA, Chicago; I don’t know, wherever else you can do whatever it is you do.”
“Why, that’s a marvelous idea!” Bruce said with a smile, practically jogging to keep up. He didn’t look happy until they reached their conveyance and he could finally fall into the passenger seat. “How will you achieve such a miracle, Captain Steven G. Rogers?”
So when the hoodie and t-shirt wearing students paused their tired shuffle across campus to openly eye him in his form-fitting, short-sleeved button-up and jeans literally made for his body, Steve only smiled back. If they only saw blond hair and big pecs when they looked at him, that was fine. Soon they would meet as individuals, and Steve only looked forward to showing them that he was more than their unintended preconceptions.
“Wait, Tony. This sounds, I definitely want to hear what you found, but I’m not there at the moment,” Steve explained, but he rushed past the minor inconvenience. “Can I meet you somewhere? A coffee shop? Diner?”
Flora frowned a little, and said, “My daddy says I can’t play outside anymore because of sun rays and they’re dangerous.”
In one smooth push, Tony impaled himself on the curved dildo. What the toy lacked in length or girth, it made up for with a perfect curve that grazed his prostate with every thrust. Whether Tony rode it straight, bouncing up and down on the full length of the dildo, or spread his thighs wide to roll his hips to take it at an angle, it seemed to bend with a single-minded goal to knuckle over his prostate.
The video ended, and with it, Steve’s stubborn duty to their people. His duty to his people took precedence over most aspects of his life, and in his excitement to do the best job he could, he had done tenfold more than ever asked of him. But all of it had been at the expense of his duty to his husband and to his king.
“Your eyes have not yet adjusted to the light, Captain Steven G. Rogers,” Tony informed him even as Steve tugged weakly with the fabric. Failing to uncover his eyes, the Captain closed his trembling fingers around Tony’s wrist with alarming strength for a man so recently released from Cryo.
“My brother comes home for the first time in seven years,” Clint drawled while flipping burgers on the grill. “I can’t make him his favorite stupid food without getting an interrogation?”
Tony climbed into the trailer and dropped some bags on the the coffee table. He followed Steve like an attentive hen, hovering around him at arm’s length already.
With his head still pressed into the mattress, Tony side-eyed Steve with a flash of teeth and a promise of rebellion. “I can take it, Steve,” Tony whined, pressing his hips back for Steve, but the next time he opened his mouth, Steve pushed two fingers into him without added prep or stretching, taking pleasure in the way Tony’s jaw went slack with the first taste of pain and pleasure.
“Lube?” Steve panted against Tony’s lips, sounding so hopeful Tony would say yes that he bordered on desperate.
The warm, heavy weight of Steve’s arm folded across Tony’s shoulders, and Tony could viscerally feel himself settle with the physical assurance that Steve was there. “A shot of energy or espresso, too,” Steve added with that charming half-smile you could hear in his voice. “Anything to help us wake up. Let’s just say we had a long flight.”
After a moment’s hesitation, Steve dared to nose at Tony’s soft hair and breathe him in. He savored the spicy, clean smell of him, nearly losing himself to his overwhelmed senses. But this wasn’t just some physical spell, so Steve pulled back before his eager hands and pounding heart got the better of him.
“Tony, I was getting worried,” Steve said with a broad smile, greeting Tony with a sweet kiss. “Everything okay?”
Tony looked chastised for seconds—mere heartbeats before another question burst out of him. “Does it not trouble you that as a people, violence was part of our nature for most of our history? The chiseled good looks and destructive efficiency of Jason Statham as the legendary super-soldier Captain America made me feel safe, even in the presence of a monster as brutal as the man they call Crossbones. How could we uphold peace if we are not prepared for the worst?”
“Gonna make you feel it,” Steve promised into Tony’s ear as he fucked him with quick, powerful thrusts. Every snap of Steve’s hips had Tony’s ass bouncing from the force of it, and as Steve really started pounding into him, Tony’s ass cheeks clapped together loudly with every thrust.
“Why don’t you come in? There are some things I’d like to tell you, Tony. Some things I’d like to show you, too. Do you have the time?”
Tony startled and looked up from the page he hadn’t been reading. While he was lost in his thoughts, Steve had come into his office and perched on his desk. He wore a blue terry cloth robe and, as far as Tony could tell, little else. Tony put his papers aside and smiled back at his impish husband.
“I believe the accepted masculine term is sartor, or tailor,” Tony corrected gently, but he must have sensed some tension in Steve’s tone, because he spun around on his heel to avoid eye-contact and busied himself folding the sweater up to put it away somewhere.
“Big pharm,” Tony answered, fiddling with the sleeves of his new outfit. It was a well-structured, ankle-length single piece of clothing that closed in the back. No matter how Tony twisted and turned in it, he couldn’t understand what it was made of, or even how it worked; it felt warm but weightless, yet remarkably cool to the touch, as if it had been woven from intangible fabrics, like clouds and summer rain.
Bucky slammed his hands down on the table with a terrible bang, and wide-eyed, Tony jumped back in his seat. “For someone so smart you seem to have a tough time remembering you’re our lead suspect.”
Hearing his first name so casually used to address him turned Tony into a blushing mess. He licked his lips and placed his own helmet on the couch beside him as he tried to focus on the conversation and understand Steve’s concern. “I’m confused,” he admitted with a soft tremble in his voice. “I thought you wanted to make love. Virtusex has been proven to producer higher orders of alpha waves during digitized transference of sexual energies, and this is the most reliable model on the market. Was the visual not satisfactory?”
“Where the hell were these sugar daddies when I was in college?” Sam muttered to himself, and his partner huffed in wry amusement as they both wished Steve and Tony a good night and followed Natasha out.
“That,” Jimmy grinned, referring to their audience, “is how so many of us feel. Like, normally people might shrug off a nomination, but
“Dad, you’re gushing again,” Steve muttered in a tired voice. Clark furrowed his brow at his unusual mood, then pulled out a chair for himself next to Steve to listen.
“You thief,” Steve moaned, spreading Tony’s ass with both his hands to get a better view of the red gem Tony had smuggled from their treasure. Steve turned and wiggled the plug in Tony’s ass until Tony’s soft gasp told Steve he’d found his spot. Then, slowly and with care, Steve pulled the steel plug with the ruby gem out of Tony’s ass, pausing only at the widest point to give it a slow twist.
“And so what? Because he’s twenty he doesn’t know what he’s doing? He’s just a puppet?” Steve snarled, and it didn’t matter that Tony had dumped him, helped him back and then dropped it on him in his last hours before he returned to Boston. However unfair and unexpected it had been, Steve would never deny everything he knew about Tony. If he was nothing else, Tony was a good man. A good man who didn’t deserve to be talked about like this.
His words felt like a slap in the face. And she might as well have spit in his wounds with her self-satisfied smile, smug and knowing as it was.
With the platter balanced on one hand, Clint walked out through the kitchen door onto the back porch. Steve watched him go for a moment, then slid off the stool to follow him out.
Steve blinked at him, stunned. Then, after a long, pregnant silence, he snorted loudly to himself and facepalmed, hiding his face and muffling his laughter in one big palm.
This time, Steve had the advantage of sobriety. Thicker and longer than any of the canisters, Tony struggled at first to accommodate him, and it was only with his superior mass and strength that Steve managed to pin Tony to the mattress and keep him contained as he fucked into Tony in short, purposeful thrusts. With all that he had learned about Tony’s body in the past four months, he easily brought Tony to and from the edge multiple times before he let him taste release, wringing two powerful orgasms from Tony’s body before succumbing to his own.
By the second day, Sam and Bucky not only got the right paperwork signed, but they badgered GayArrangements executives to the point that they sent Tony all the necessary data before lunchtime. Using the algorithms he’d developed the night before, Tony (1) identified accounts that were plausible matches to the other victims, then (2) pulled all respective matches of the four victims and (3) cross-referenced them to generate a comprehensive list of the sugar daddies that all four victims matched with (regardless of whether either of them unmatched later).
“It sounds like you have a lot of work ahead of you,” she said quietly in understanding. “You just let me know how I can help. Practice tests, food, you name it. If anybody can make this happen, honey, it’s you.”
Steve cracked the laminated menu across Tony’s head before he had a chance to finish. Tony jumped with a yelp, then immediately ducked his head so Steve wouldn’t see him giggling like a schoolboy.
“What? Those are terrible initials,” Tony started to complain, but before he finished his sentence, Steve snapped in with, “Gregory Peck!”
“Wild pigs,” Clint explained, and he pulled his classic Winchester carbine out of the scabbard. “Hunting pigs.”
“He’s there?” Bucky asked, then continued before Steve had a chance to answer. “Tell him he’s too good for you, and I have a story or two to tell him from drama school.”
“Oh, no,” Tony sighed softly to himself, and Steve wanted to scream. Anything, but the tired pity. This was the moment where Steve would hear how Tony had changed his mind, how he and Channing motherfucking Tatum were going to give it another try.
Steve frowned down at the small bundle of Tom Ford nail polish bottles. “So why did you buy sixteen of them?”
“No… no, this is regular Coke,” Tony complained after another hesitant sip, and without another word, he dumped it in a passing trash can. “I can’t drink that.”
“If that’s a problem,” Steve whispered, his words warm and buoyant with his happiness. “I’ll put the next ones where he’ll never notice them.”
“Oh, class is about to start,” he said with a bright smile. His first law school lecture! “Meet me after on those benches? I have a lot to tell you.”
Tony, on the other hand, absorbed everything they said without disagreement. He had plenty of comments and alternative interpretations to offer, but not once did he waver in his agreement that these cases were most likely connected. By the time they were all ready to call it a night, Tony had turned their informed hunches and scant, hard-earned facts into a plausible lead.
The phone jumped to life in his hand as it buzzed with an incoming phone call. Steve declined the call, but he shot to his feet and started throwing his books, pens and highlighters into his rucksack like the building was on fire. With a mildly apologetic nod to the strangers staring at his sudden burst of energy, he fled the building and called Tony back.
“I mean, I feel like there’s nothing left for me to say. I’m pretty sure you’ve made it when Trump personally tweets mean things about you,” Josh observed casually, and to Steve's endless joy. “That’s a standard universal law now, right?”
Tony looked at him like he didn’t know whether to laugh or shout himself hoarse. Steve had to hand it to him; those were both good options, given the circumstances.
“Steve Rogers,” she said with the impatience of a person who’d been forced to repeat herself. “What did the dispute entail?”
“He has to stay,” Bruce countered before Steve had a chance to speak for himself. “We just arrested our leader, our savior. What will we do? How will we live?”
Tony sat the stack of plates down with a huff and glared at them both. “Alright, that’s it. For the last time: I’m not unhealthy, I’m well over 150 pounds, which is perfectly reasonable—”
They took a cab back to Tony’s place. Steve kept his hoodie in place, so Tony didn’t know what state he was in until they got to his place and Steve got into Tony’s bed without a single complaint.
“Barton’s waiting,” Natasha reminded him. “We got this, Steve. We’ll start pulling basics on the sugar daddies Tony’s already found, and Tony’s handling the data.”
“Mr. Rogers, I believe you have just won your case,” she said with a pleased tone. “Class dismissed.”
“My name is Stephanie,” she said kindly, and Clint all but felt Tony shuddering with delight on his back. “Who is to be my bride?”
“It feels like I’m the only one around who’s not had the chance to appreciate your talent—” Tony gave him a hard, dubious look, and Steve folded like a house of cards in a stampede. “And…  maybe it’s really hot?”
“And Greek food, apparently,” Steve said more dubiously, turning his menu over to double check the cuisine for the fourth time in the past ten minutes.
Tony finished getting the halter on Dummy’s head, and went to dig a hunting rifle out of the chest of blankets on the porch. “Come on, look at him. He’s not as young as Celeste, he’ll run faster without a saddle.”
The full force of the children’s pleading little puppy-dog faces turned on Steve, and he almost crumbled right then and there like a complete amateur.
,” Clint said again, and whatever Tony was going to say was lost in a powerful gust of wind that blew down from directly overhead. Both men looked up into the sky to find Stephanie’s black dragon descending into the swamp beside them. With her head lowered and eyes downcast, she lumbered to them until she was close enough to lie down with a huff and nose at Clint’s hip for attention.
Tony sat ramrod straight. Was his life a joke? That had to be it: his life was a cosmic joke. Here he had a prime opportunity to fawn over the strong adonis whose confident, commanding voice left Tony weak in the knees, and instead he had to find a casual, non-psycho way to laugh off the fact that he’d left his house that morning with a dog and a butt plug.
Since when did Tony smell like the Hudson? But Steve should never tell him; that was mean, the Hudson was absolutely filthy, and Steve loved him too much to say that.
From that night, Steve quickly found his way. He returned to his preferred early morning workouts that gave him hours to eat and prepare for lecture every day. He spent his evenings at the library, reading up on week’s court cases and typing up his assignments - except for Tuesdays when he'd make his way out to Sam’s salon to hang out and catch up. Sam and the ladies working at his salon quickly became Steve’s best friends at Cambridge. It started when Steve sat down for a few hours after closing to show Paulette some of the tips and tricks he’d picked up on set over the years, and trusting Erin to cut his hair.
Steve waited for Tony to follow Bruce out of the kitchen so he could vent at the rest of the original team who were gathered in the kitchen, but instead of following Bruce’s obvious lead, Tony came over to see what Steve was doing by the oven.
His impression of an infatuated Tony was cut short with a yelp when Sam pried the bottle of vodka away from him.
Tony took Steve’s hand in his the minute they emerged from the building, wrapping both his arms around Steve’s so that they pressed close together as they walked down the street.
“So,” Tony drawled quietly, glancing at the sleepy little dog before looking back at Steve. “You know who I am?”
“Alright, you got me. The truth is, your mom called today. She demanded that I find you, seduce you… she needs you to put a damn baby in me, stat.”
“Yes, they were parts I’ve waited my whole life to play: drug lords number 37 and 38,” Tony muttered, turning pages more quickly now, presumably to get through the repetitive plot to find the next gratuitous opportunity to imagine Steve showing some skin. “This may shock you, but I called them this morning and turned down both the Colombian drug lord and Brazilian drug lord - who, plot twist, is also a pimp.”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, but he wasn’t sure what to say. Instinctively, he felt there was something different about Steve’s tone, but he couldn’t exactly put his finger on it. Either way, Steve made a good point.
“Well… I guess? If we must, but, uh,” Tony hedged uncomfortably. “It’s, uh. Pretty private, so I’d rather talk in …you know. In private. Could you come to my place? I even have all my books here, I could show you what I mean.”
“Mom, you seen my green sweater around?” Clint wondered as he walked into the kitchen, noticeably calmer about his morning predicament than either Howard or Tony. “I can’t find it anywhere.”
In his absence, the room loomed around Steve in silent judgment. His clothes were nowhere to be found - not even his phone was charging on the bedside table. Twisted thoughts tumbled together faster than Steve could recognize them until his insecurities reared up to wonder whether Tony even wanted him there - in his home and in his life.
Steve watched Tony stumble through his apology, and finally, Tony seemed to give up. He picked up the old duffle, slung it over one shoulder, and with a final mumbled
“Hey! Hey, everyone: use your indoor voices, please,” Steve called over the ruckus, just barely managing to lower their collective volume by an increment or two. It wasn’t until Tony had stopped laughing and spoke up that the mass of children clinging to his legs finally quieted to hear his answer.
“What’s that?” Tony complained with an exaggerate little moue of self-pity. “You don’t think I’m too pretty to be punched?”
Six days later, they were all in the deep end. By the time they got through all of the fan letters, they had twenty-nine reasonable leads. Steve had assigned them a handful to six detectives while he and Bucky pursued five suspects themselves. It was enough to drive a man crazy. Everything was moving too slowly, too many leads were ending in dead-ends, and by the time all three of Antonovich’s alibis checked out, Steve was at the end of his rope.
Tony laughed in his delighted surprise, and he stretched out on his belly over the flatbed. Without looking away from Steve’s face, he eased the head of Steve’s cock past his lips, wasting no time in slowly, carefully, easing the length of his hard cock down his throat. Steve was too thick to swallow to the root, but Tony did his best; it wasn’t until he felt Steve’s fingers in his hair that he pulled off.
Clint stared at Stephanie and Tony like they had both grown numerous heads without realizing. But by the look of them, he wouldn’t be able to convince either of them to bring the dragon to the inevitable battle (war).
“….well, yeah. She’s cursed, but she’s a different cursed person, man,” Clint eventually said. “I—you mean, she didn’t tell you?”
“I’ll accept your apology if you have a drink with me,” he replied, even grinning a little when Tony blinked back at him in surprise.
With Kline in custody, Steve wasted no time prying Hammer’s fingers off of Tony. The preliminary CSU findings in Tony’s townhouse revealed how Kline had most likely been watching Tony all this time: through the crawlspace and wall cavity. The old sturdy brownstone had left Kline enough leeway to move about freely, and they had already found dozens of candy wrappers, wadded tissues, and cigarette butts to show where he’d been hiding himself. The litter also turned out to be very helpful in pointing them to the spots where Kline had drilled peep holes through the wall to watch Tony unseen.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure what a hog was, but by the look of concern on Tony’s face, he assumed Babe wasn’t an accurate reference point.
“Just, you know,” Steve whispered, his voice low and jittery with nerves. “Guns. Hunting. I don’t know what the hell you’re doing, Tony, but if they’re saying you should—and you’re refusing, I don’t. It just, it scares me, Tony, that’s all.”
, Stromwell had said. If Steve had learned anything in his time at Harvard, it was that his anxiety and insecurities were infinitely worse than the meeting itself.
“No, Steve! I didn’t think, okay? Is that what you want to hear?” Tony snapped, drawing the attention of a couple a few feet away from them. Steve glared at their curious looks, and they quickly remembered to mind their own business.
“I wanted to be there, Tony. You mean so much to me, more than words can express. The thought of you alone, unsafe… god knows what they might have done to you. I didn’t know what was worse, the fear of what might happen to you, or the fact that I couldn’t do anything to help you. If James hadn’t found you so soon, I… there is nothing I wouldn’t have done to get you back,” he confessed in the end, shamefaced. “I couldn’t save my dad, I couldn’t save my mom. And last week I was powerless to help you.”
“I will sleep over the covers,” Tony explained, already getting up to adjust his robes before walking to the unoccupied side of the bed. He was about to get in when he noticed Steve’s handiwork rumpled on top of the bedspread. The sweater Steve had started hours ago was tied off and finished, and Tony held it up with blatant admiration.
What little control Tony had to keep from filling the hallways with his groans of delirious satisfaction no longer stopped him from forming senseless words begging Steve for more. He was so close, he just needed
By the second page, Steve was palming his aching hard cock. After all these years, he should have known better than to read Tony’s erotica in jeans.
“For the first round…. the initials are,” Carl said slowly, every pause full of dramatic showmanship. “GP.”
Tony watched him fix the shirt and get dressed. He smoothed out Steve’s lapels and tied his tie. He kissed him goodbye and watched him walk away.
He hadn’t experienced hunger since his Captain Abs-for-days training began, and it was a bitter irony to miss the feeling of hunger. Anything, but the constant feeling that you had eaten too much.
“I’ll tell you how they found out he wasn’t a girl another time,” Clint promised, smirking at the memory already. “Go make peace.”
When Steve released him, Tony only had a moment to feel his aching, twitching hole well and truly gaping open before the canister was thrust into him, stretching and forcing his tight body to accommodate the imposing girth of the canister.
Steve took one look at him and decided it wasn’t worth it to articulate a counterpoint. He got up to collect their plates, but Tony quickly got to his feet and did it instead.
“What haven’t you thought of, Tony?” Hope mused to herself in awe. “If anything will bring me home from this mission, it will be your incredible work. And if I don’t come home,” she couldn’t help but add with a tickled smirk, a thought too common to be worrisome. “At least your beautiful brown eyes will be my last memory of England. Thank you.”
By the time they got back to the precinct five hours later, Steve felt like a walking billboard for every pretentious brand name under the sun. From the Magnanni shoes that cost six hundred dollars and Tony called ‘mid-range chic,’ to the Burberry wool coat that apparently told the world he was ‘trying just hard enough,’ Steve was so far out of his comfort zone that any bump against a desk and every dusty-looking chair put the fear of the Lord in him. What was a man to do if he got ketchup on pants that were on sale for three hundred dollars?
Stark glared up at him and opened his mouth to bite back when Steve put a hand out to shut Bucky up before it all got worse. “—your latest novel,” Steve corrected diplomatically. “But as my partner said, seeing as you don’t employ a ghostwriter, we must ask you to come with us to the station.”
“You’re a good guy, Steve, sometimes. I enjoy spending time with you,” Tony admitted quietly, almost reluctantly. “But if you can’t tell how your behavior makes me feel, these little ways you have to make me feel second-rate, or somehow inferior to you? Less important than you? Why should I expect better from you when you just don’t get it?”
Tony stood up as if it had been his plan all along, and he came around the desk to kneel and hug the children that rushed up to see him.
He trudged into the beautiful residence on autopilot until he heard the voice of the man he’d been without for far too long.
Tony frowned at the traitorous white shirt in his hands. He’d only wanted to get one kiss—one simple kiss—while Steve tried it on earlier in the week, and the damn thing had the audacity to
tell ma I got married,” Steve tried to argue, but clearly he was the only after-hours inhabitant of the Beauty Oasis who felt that way.
“Giordani, Nguyen, Jones,” Tony said their names as if they’d been family, people whose welfare were dear to him. “Did they suffer?”
And it seemed Natasha was coming to the same conclusion, and Steve scooted as close as he could to eavesdrop as the word ‘settle’ filtered through their conversation.
? “Beyond words,” he finally settled on.  “I, I couldn’t be more excited for you, Tony. But why did you want to show it to me?”
Breathless and still recovering from his transformation, Clint peered up at her with a healthy suspicion honed by a lifetime of experience with Women and their promises.
Angry and already on the defensive, Steve turned with a frown to see who had spoken to him. Somehow, on a night as miserable as this, the only friendly face on campus was looking back at him.
Tony keened like a wounded animal, clawing at the bedspread and biting into his pillow with Steve’s every touch, his ass pumping down on Steve’s fingers even as he tried to draw away; Steve brought his dry hand up to the small of Tony’s back, and with a firm pressure stilled Tony’s attempts to pull away long enough to slip in a second finger beside the first.
Tony’s mouth twisted in what wasn’t quite a smile or a grimace. Steve’s words left a bad taste in his mouth, and he wasn’t sure what to do about it. As a crown prince and an only child, he had been groomed for his inevitable role as king, but there had never been a question about whose kingdom it would be, or whose style he would follow. Yet even Tony freely admitted that what he had learned from Queen Sarah’s example had made him a better man.
The door handle gave way easily under his touch and the door swung inwards. No pets, no roommates, no partners: an ideal door. Steve made a mental note to thank Sam for his great work; they’d been an unstoppable team this past month, and with a little luck, they would finish at the top of the board this time, collect their bonuses, and wipe the smug looks off Natasha and Clint’s faces once and for all.
“Since last night,” Tony replied, as if that was a reasonable response. “We don’t have time for this Rhodey, my blossoming Rhodesian beauty, my black magic, my big honeybear pilot I love and respect so much—”
The next morning, Tony woke up feeling better rested than he had all week. Clearing his conscience, the decision to prioritize someone special over a career move, and the relief that his feelings were reciprocated, it was all almost too good to be true.
Rumlow paused to smirk at a passing young woman who stopped to stare at nothing but his chest and biceps. He flexed for her and smirked, but instead of the typical gleam of excitement in a woman’s eyes, she was outright disgusted and quickly walked away.
“And you think I’m upset? We can fix this,” Steve said softly. When Tony looked up, Steve was smiling back at him. “I’ll iron it, what’s—this won’t take two minutes.”
“Thank Natasha. You were right about her, she noticed your sorry state first,” Jim told him with an audible grin. “I only gave her permission to do something about it. But listen,” he added in a more somber tone, “the rest is up to you. I’ll make sure he eats and rests, but if I know Tony, this will mostly be on you. Show him that taking care of himself helps you, and he will think twice about being an idiot again.”
“You did very good, Tony,” Steve said in a soft whisper, “you earned your rest, my pet. Close your eyes and sleep.”
“This isn’t me,” Tony explained—Steve hadn’t managed to ask a question, but somehow, Tony seemed to have guessed right.
“When you’re not supposed to be there?” Rhodey finished with a palpable grain of disbelief. “Do you even know his name?”
He watched his brother make his way over, and his mom was saying something to him about photographs with the cakes, and how Steve had helped her make them, when by some miracle, he picked up the sound of his dad’s voice.
But Steve wasn’t listening. He marched away in his rage, only shouting orders over his shoulder at Bucky as he hurried to his office. “Boots, guns! Go!”
“They feel good, shouldn’t be a problem,” Steve decided. Once he was satisfied with the way they looked, he finally looked back at Jan. “I’m in the market for an engagement ring, expedited to Oklahoma. Masculine; noticeable, but not gaudy.”
To give Tony’s sixth sense a wide berth, Steve cleared his throat and hummed in the affirmative to indicate he was ready. “Got it.”
“He’s not from around here. He’s lived here for a few years, but he’s from a small town. Somehow, he said he loves the big city, how alive it is. That when he’s homesick, he still manages to find things that remind him of home in little bodegas, mom and pop restaurants.”
Steve’s stomach gurgled so loudly it landed somewhere on the Richter scale. Tony stopped talking and they both looked down at his stomach as one.
Steve grunted again, a little more insistent this time in his effort to form a ‘no,’ but his tongue was heavy and his head was foggy and neither would cooperate enough to allow him to speak.
“I wasn’t tired,” Steve said casually, then with a little frown of reluctant defeat, he added, “and this is both satisfying and relaxing. I don’t know what the hell an afghan is, but I’m compelled to make one.”
The lazy, instinctive rolls of Tony’s hips quickly began to lose their steady rhythm, and just as his breath was coming in short, desperate pants, Steve forced the canister in all the way and let it lock into Tony’s body as he climaxed, harvesting as much of the boy’s highly prized cocktail of hormones--particularly his serotonin, oxytocin, and prolactin.
Steve acknowledged Tony with a shaky nod. Tony continued talking - promising that they’d monitor him, that they’d confirm whether the same was going on with Bucky when they put him under on Friday - but none of it contended with the thoughts at the forefront of Steve’s mind.
“I’ll—I don’t want to say too much, but it starts with him being ‘institutionalized,’” he told the audience, using the appropriate air quotes. “But we don’t know where or by whom, and he doesn’t know whom to trust. Himself included. And the story that unfolds is him trying to free himself and get back to the life he remembers.”
The corners of Steve’s mouth started twitching up in a hesitant smile, and even though he was busy fussing with drawers and pulling out the sealed packets of sanitized clips and trimmers, the man immediately spotted the tell-tale signs of his smile.
Sharon immediately got off the guest chair and ran to Steve’s desktop. She had turned it on and gotten everything ready as she always did by force of habit, and it was ready to go.
“Sun’s not up, shhh,” Tony mumbled without any genuine grasp of what the sun was doing, because as far as he was concerned, the sun had no business showing its face while he was still tired, and the petting just felt too good—hell, the soothing rhythm of Steve’s caress was almost enough to lull Tony back to sleep. “Don’ stop...”
Tony watched Steve punch in the code from memory and pull through to the gravel driveway with the confidence of a man who had been there many times before. There was just enough time for Tony’s blood to boil before he noticed their destination.
In the middle of wandering hands and passionate kisses, that broken moan was all it took for Steve to pull back and look at Tony, searching for any sign of discomfort or change of heart. Tony wanted nothing more than to shake all these insecurities out of Steve, to remind him of all the reasons they had to trust each other. But Steve needed to see it for himself, so Tony relaxed under his assessing gaze, busied himself by tracing leisurely patterns over Steve’s lean back until the momentary fear faded from Steve’s expression.
“Ze did,” Steve replied absently, rolling the sleeve down over the full length of his cock before lining up and pushing into Tony with one slow, smooth thrust. A whimper escaped Tony’s lips, and he moaned deeply on his next breath as he did his best to adjust to Steve’s imposing girth.
“We’ll get on it as soon as the evidence comes back,” Steve interrupted before Hammer reacted to Bucky’s mood. “Until then, come on. Let us get to the bottom of this. We just need to find his name and do a background check, that’s all.”
“Kneel, my honorable Chief, and Stephanie,” an Elder instructed in a gentle voice, and before the entire tribe, Chief Talia and Stephanie kneeled on the grass at the Elder’s feet for the ceremony. She took Stephanie’s right hand and the Chief’s left hand, then laid one over the other. With a long, woven red silk rope, she bound their forearms, wrists, and hands together. “As we reflect on—”
Shortly before 3pm, Steve left work with his beautiful vase of mariposa skies irises in its protective delivery box. He’d gone back and forth all morning deciding on where to put his flowers, especially since Tony wouldn’t be home for a few days and he had no reason to linger downstairs like he usually did until Tony came home. By now his three favorite options were on his bedside table, on the coffee table in their private reading nook, or out on the patio where it would enjoy the most sunlight and fresh air.
“Please, Steve Rogers,” Tony said as he and Bruce rushed to keep up with Steve’s furious march out of the Governor’s offices. “Enhance your calm, this was a misunderstanding—”
“Precisely so, we will reunite there,” Tony promised him, and after he passed a few quick instructions for Jane, Steve followed Jane’s lead out of the precinct.
There was a shuffle of indistinguishable noises in the distance before he heard Tony’s incredulous voice. “Who the—”
With soft murmurs of praise and affection, Steve cupped Tony’s half-hard cock and gave it cursory squeeze, and with a sigh of anticipation, Tony parted his legs and angled his hips up in a silent bid for Steve’s attention. And Steve never denied him anything.
“This is sick,” Bucky said with a horrified shudder. Tony and Steve looked up to watch him leafing through an envelope of photographs. “Who sends strangers pictures of their opened vagina?”
“What are you talking about?” Clint called back, and in clear contrast to Tony’s heartache and shame, Clint was genuinely confused. “Stephanie isn’t the Last Chief.”
“Because he showed me the pages last night, he hasn’t even finished it,” Steve explained as calmly as he could. “I know this scene, Buck. He wrote that scene after we slept together, but the draft isn’t far enough along to describe tying up the legs. I only know about it because the victim is posed like me.”
He could practically see the tired, sluggish wheels turning in Steve’s look until he finally gave in. “Alright. Thank you, Tony,” Steve said, quietly. “Good night.”
The rest of the hour passed without interruption, and it wasn’t until Steve was beating the maple frosting together and the whole house smelled of coffee, sugar, and cinnamon that Tony finally shuffled out of the bedroom.
Tony squirmed in his seat, momentarily uncomfortable by the praise before he got himself together and quietly replied, “You’re welcome, Steve.”
“Just got here,” Steve answered while Tony toweled his neck and face intermittently and leaned in closer to peer at Steve’s key card slip.
Not five minutes after Rhodes’ call, Bucky led the highly trained protective detail away from their king. Machtberg’s defensive wall left a limited number of ways in and out of the country, so Bucky packed his team into three military helicopters to cover the two nearest of four gates into the neighboring kingdom. They were put in touch with Machtberg air traffic control to help navigate through open skies far from civilian routes.
“James, finally,” Carol said amid the loud disagreements from Bucky and Sam and others as Steve was gently pulled off his stool and led away from the bar. His legs were unsteady and his knees gelatinous, and as unhappy Steve was about being moved, he wasn’t all that confident he could put the breaks on without toppling over.
Romanov’s watch beeped in a muted alarm. Tony recognized the sound, it was the signal of a breached perimeter.
“Babe… what do you think I was doing while you were at the bar?” Tony asked rhetorically, and before Steve could make any useless guesses, Tony slapped a condom into Steve’s hand. He unzipped his trousers, undid his belt, and pushed his pants down over his ass before Steve could even pretend to want to stop him.
“It’s you, isn’t it?” Stephanie cried breathlessly, and Natasha came forward to pull her friend into her arms. “You’re free, you—how?”
“I do like it,” Steve promised, then pursed his lips and bit the bullet. “It’s just hard to …you know.
Many of them were benign intrusions on Tony’s everyday life. Cooking in his kitchen, eating in his living room. Reading in his bedroom, writing in his office. But for every photo of Tony simply living his life in the privacy of his home, there were two or three photos of Tony in more compromising, intimate moments. Just looking at them made Steve sick to his stomach, and even Bucky, who had spent less than an hour in Tony’s home, looked queasy, too. It was so very obvious that those pictures had not been taken through any window. They were all taken from inside the house.
Clark accepted the bottle Steve passed to him and otherwise let silence do the rest of the work for him.
Tony angled the camera away from himself to show Steve a long platter stuffed with enough crepes to feed a family - half of them filled with a gooey cheese and cured meats, and the other half folded over a variety of fruits and chocolates, creams, or custard. Steve didn’t know whether to laugh or roll his eyes, but he was too relieved by it all. Tony was smiling, he had rested, and he was
Tony watched Steve carefully, but for all he could tell, Steve was rolling with the punches without batting an eye. If anything, he looked determined to get the plan going.
Butterflies of excitement fluttered to life in Steve’s heart until he was light-headed with joy. ‘Future.’ A world of possibilities lived in that single little word, and man, what a future they had ahead of them. When Steve had listened to his mom and put his high school job on hold to go to college, he imagined that the best outcome was getting out on the other side debt-free and with a dependable office job. Never in his wildest dreams had Steve imagined that he’d run into the man of his dreams while getting drinks during the intermission of a comedy show on campus.
“What bullsh—what century is he living in!” Steve cried, then slammed his empty glass down in his sudden spike of anger. “He’s—he’s not some fucking
Tony stared up at him in clear surprise, until sheepish relief bubbled out of him. He bit his bottom lip in an effort to clamp down on the laughter, but nothing seemed to help; he ducked his head forward to hide his red face against Steve’s chest.
The filled canister and cock sleeve were withdrawn from his body and another pair loaded into place. Like the first, the fresh canister fucked into him at a brutal pace, bruising his prostate with every thrust. Tony was on the verge of a second orgasm when the cock sleeve seized around the full length of his cock and massaged it with breathtaking strength. He came with a deep, guttural moan, emptying himself again in the wet cock sleeve wrapped around his erection.
“I haven’t,” he started to say, then abruptly stopped. One more steadying breath, and another. He could do this. It could be as short as three words, just three short words. Tony rubbed his fingers over Steve’s scalp gently, soothing him rather than urging him on.
Steve followed Tony to the Red, White, and Brew, but the closer they got, the heavier his guilt became. As tired and ready to be alone with Tony as he was, he couldn't help feeling uncomfortable about rushing Tony back to the ranch.
“Couldn’t take my eyes off of you,” he promised against Steve’s chin, then pressed another adoring kiss to the corner of his lips, “god, you’re amazing. So fucking gorgeous.”
” Steve growled through gritted teeth where he sucked a bruise into the tender skin of Tony’s throat, punctuating the claim over and over again with brutal snaps of his hips. Steve was losing his control, losing himself to his desire, and he bore into Tony with a hunger that quickly pushed Tony over the edge, breathless and out of his mind with the pleasure of his second orgasm.
Tony was nowhere in sight when Steve arrived at the little patisserie that Saturday morning. He let out his breath and relaxed his posture, shifting his weight to take pressure off his healing bruises in whatever time he had before Tony arrived.
Steve nearly jumped out of his skin as he realized what assumption Tony had landed on, and he rushed to correct him. “Tony! No, what—I don’t have a problem with, no, Jesus what do you think of me? I just.”
His crush was getting out of hand. This wasn’t just appreciating the way Tony looked, or being curious about how it would feel to suck a cock. It wasn’t casual and it wasn’t general: it was Tony he wanted, full stop. Tony, who was right there, he was single, and clearly ready to move on from his previous relationship.
Tony’s smile was like the sunshine on the perfect spring morning, like April 25th, when it's not too hot, not too cold, and all that was gloomy and dead came back to life with blooms and little fawn and bunnies play in the grass.
“Tony, I wouldn’t have run out last night if I had a choice, but I get it: after this I’ll be out of your life forever if that’s what you want. Just two minutes Tony, please. I’m scared,” Steve whispered with greater sincerity than he’d expected of himself. “How serious is a threat like that?”
With the party in full swing, Tony hauled his gift-wrapped partner off the dance floor, through the mingling crowds of networking semi-professionals, until they came out into an unoccupied hallway unseen.
“My, my. You must be Mr. Stark,” a sultry woman purred over his shoulder. “You look like the man for me.”
Later that week, Steve packed a weekend bag and drove out to Tony’s temporary apartment for their first weekend together. It would be a ‘getting to know each other’ weekend, a miniature ‘is this more than an infatuation’ trial. And, if Steve had anything to say about it, a ‘let me show you how grateful I am for all that you did for my friend’ weekend.
Irony had an uncanny way of rearing her nasty head when Tony least needed it. How was he supposed to explain to his committee that he, a lauded genius saddled with the potential to lead his generation into a new era of technological advancements, had lost his entire presentation to a fried hard drive?
The day had even started out better than usual: while he’d been out tending his turnips, he had spotted a lost water-snake caught in the swamp water. He’d managed to pull it out without injury. With its scales removed and both heads cut off, it was almost two pounds of edible meat. Food for a week, if he smoked it right.
On an unremarkable night in spring, only weeks after their official engagement, Tony felt the change in Steve for the first time. They slept in Tony’s quarters then, and that night had been cold enough that they both pulled some layers on for warmth before getting under the covers. Tony wouldn’t remember what they talked about before drifting off, or who fell asleep first. All he remembered was the inexplicable alarm and spike of adrenaline that had woken him up in the dead of night, how tense Steve’s gentle arm had become. The soft touch of his fingers on Tony’s hip had grown firm and vicious in his sleep, his strong fingers seizing a fistful of Tony’s ass hard enough to bruise.
Tony picked his head up and gave Steve an uncomfortable, questioning look. “You know that’s… backwards, right?”
When the medics arrived, Bruce and Steve helped them lift Tony into the gurney. They patched up his wound with a foam, fed him a tablet to restore his blood levels, and otherwise diligently worked to help the lieutenant with Steve hovering at their elbows with murder in his eyes.
Not that the reason mattered. Tony was offering to spend more time with him, and if there was anything Steve needed after months of being seen as a helpless invalid, it was a chance to prove to Tony that he was fighting fit. Or, more to the point, fucking fit.
“Isn’t it great! It works, it even feels real,” Tony insisted, rushing over now to bring him the mannequin so Rhodey could see it up close. Rhodey stared at it with wonder, caught somewhere between horrified and genuinely amazed for the level of detail and realism that Tony had managed to develop in his disguise.
He closed his eyes, let his head fall back against Steve’s shoulder, and as a broad paw of a hand dragged its heavy claws across Tony’s soft inner thigh, Tony dared to imagine what it would be like to be forced into a position where he would be taken by any and all who wanted him.
Since his dusted memories and spiraling emotions stopped him from following the primary line of reasoning - when, where, who, how, why - Steve changed tact and focused on the physical space around him. Small, concrete facts he could build on. Using the smallest possible movements that hopefully wouldn’t alert anyone who might be watching, Steve determined that his hands were zip-tied behind his back and his ankles were tied with rope to something metallic. The room was cold - that kind of wet, freezing chill he could feel down to his bones - and to make matters worse, Steve could feel the slick gloss of the floor against his whole body, meaning that he’d been stripped naked.
“Do we know the identity of the person or people with whom he cheated?” Sharon asked the professor, which was the first time Professor Hawley seemed to acknowledge one of them.
“Never have I met a man so happy to lose,” Tony teased as his ‘defeated’ husband indulged in his extensive consolation.
“Oh,” Tony whispered, starting to feel a cold sweat trickling down his spine. Damn him, why hadn’t he asked sooner? “That, that’s really specific.”
“That,” Steve said, gesturing at the mechanical bull with his free hand, where a redhead now climbed on to try her luck. “You don’t learn anything. The only potential gain is an injury.”
“I,” Steve started to say, then had to smile and shake his head at the thought, as if it was ridiculous. Eventually, he tried again. “I used to dream of getting married at sunset in an orange grove. Late spring.”
“You said this was going to be different,” Steve reminded him, brushing some hair out of Tony’s eyes before leaning in for a slow, chaste kiss. “Tell me more,” he murmured between kisses.
The thought of anyone else seeing his husband so vulnerable, his eyes unfocused from his head cold and shivering with a fever - it angered Steve to the point of violence. The public shared so much of their lives, but he would not let any of them have this intimacy. No one should know how he frowned every time Steve washed his hands and feet with a cool, wet cloth, recognize his thin, quivering groans of pleasure over leisurely foot rubs, or ache over the quiet sounds of discomfort and pain Tony whined into Steve’s shoulder when he sought comfort.
“I don’t need them to love me. They don’t even have to like me,” Steve muttered. “I just don’t want them to be disappointed if… if you’re with me.”
“No, I just got out of the shower. Come in,” Steve stepped aside to hold the door open. “Kitchen’s right through there, help yourself to anything. I’ll be ready in just a minute.”
“I’ll come visit soon, dad,” Steve said in response to a question that hadn’t been asked. “It’s just been really busy at work.”
“I haven’t been honest with you, Steve,” he said then, struggling to keep eye-contact. “Look, I’m—I wasn’t looking for anyone the night we met, alright? I wasn’t looking for anything serious; definitely didn’t think I’d find someone outside some bar in Tribeca. But, if you’re willing to give this—me, whatever—a chance, I would like to—to, uh. Give this a chance. Time. Water, sunlight.”
“Not in tick tocks?” Steve wondered without looking up from his loops and his needles. “What a shame.”
The world stopped and all sound ceased to exist. Steve’s whole being went slack in shock. The empty flute fell from his hand and shattered on the restaurant floor, but Steve was the only one who didn’t notice.
Steve sighed and didn’t even bother taking off his sopping wet coat. He frowned at Bucky in a silent
“Don’t objectify my best friend,” he complained indignantly on Steve’s behalf, to which Sam added, “At least not in front of us.”
Colin smiled back with a flash of his irresistible, devilish charm. “I’d rather take my chances with you, love. Any time, any place.”
“Like you,”  Steve murmured with feigned understanding. Tony gave him a flat look and squeezed Steve’s sides hard enough to get a laughing huff out of him, but when Steve pushed forward to kiss his lips again, Tony forgave all his past and current sins.
It’s a stormy, gloomy winter night, and nobody wanted to watch any of Sam’s three movie suggestions. The majority didn’t want to watch
“Not really,” Steve admitted after an uncomfortable pause. “It was late, we were dead on our feet. Nothing’s really happened since then.”
“Sorry,” Steve said to his friend quietly, and as much as he wanted to reach out, he didn’t exactly want to draw attention to them either. Both of them watched Tony leaf through all the papers until he got to Hansen’s birth certificate.
As Tony started washing Steve’s arms and his torso, Steve’s head fell back against the shower wall. His eyelids were too heavy, his thoughts too loud. All Steve wanted to do was close his eyes and drift away, find that bliss that had carried him away from it all on Tony’s dining table only minutes ago.
Steve’s flinty expression warmed with a small smile. “Then, I’ll be listening for your voice, Tony,” he promised.
Tony’s expression turned grim, but he didn’t let it stop him. “Targeted interventions are easier,” he promised. “We can fund post-doctoral fellowships for psychologists specializing in family and trauma counselling to work out of small clinics in villages.”
“Clint’s two doors down, but at least we won’t have to worry about mom and dad on this side of the house,” Tony told him, his voice still lowered. “This was the whole house until I was eleven, when dad learned that sound carries through the air vents. So, he added a second wing and saved us all.”
“I get it if you don’t want me to meet him yet,” Jane prefaced this time, “but I’m curious, Tony! Who is it? Point him out!”
Steve grinned at the question, but shook his head. “No, no of course not,” he replied, smiling at the thought. “Some might have guessed it, or now they’ll start figuring it out, but it’s not something I advertise. Sometimes I see questions and answer them - it’s a great way to pass the time on set, I can tell you that much. And when big news like this breaks out, it’s the best. Everyone descends on the blog and it’s a lot of fun. But they don’t need to know who I am, and I don’t need them to, either. It’s my chance to be excited and a fan without having attention on me, you know?”
“I finally get to spend time with you like this, I don’t want to see you go,” he admitted with his newfound courage. “Not without me.”
Steve took another deep, steadying breath. He reminded himself of his treasured apartment, his career. The bookshelf decorated with awards and photos commemorating his achievements.
“I think it’s cool, look at all the space it saves,” Tony pointed out, and his sincerity almost brought Steve to tears.
“Tony, come on. Mom’s right,” Clint said quietly, trying to coax his brother into being reasonable. “They’re mean and fast.”
“You’re gorgeous first thing in the morning, anyone ever tell you?” Tony whispered, brushing the soft, blond hair back from Steve’s face where it fell into his eyes, and he bowed his head to press a gentle kiss to the purple bruise still marring his temple. Thankfully, the swelling was no longer noticeable.
Tony pursed his lips and considered his brother with a suspicious, narrow-eyed look. “Gammy’s eightieth?”
When Tony left to meet Bucky before the hearing, Steve left for campus. The least he could do was wear a suit and look his best to support his childhood friend. Hastings Hall was a dead zone during classes, and Steve didn’t see a single student in the hallways - until he came to his own room. Sharon was sitting on the floor beside his room door with a worn paperback in her hands.
“Your body,” Steve croaked, still desperate for release after his first taste of Tony’s mouth. Tony blinked down at him in confusion, because that hadn’t even been a complete sentence, but Steve had neither time nor patience to explain. He rolled them over again, throwing Tony down to the mattress, face first.
She sighed to herself and pulled the computer to herself, clearly determined to complete her mission one way or another. “Men’s…. Lingerie…”
Steve tried not to stare at the knife. How well did he really know Tony? “No, we’re still looking for him,” he said in the tone of voice he’d use to talk down frantic people at an active scene. He slid his hands out of his pockets in case he needed to reach his gun in a hurry. “We need to talk.”
‘What do you think you’re doing?” Fury demanded as the footage on the wall switched to archived files and folders from the Cryo-Prison, many of them classified and protected. “Silver class personnel are not authorized—”
Bucky crossed his arms and scowled at the news. “What the hell, Steve? Second Friday of the month is Zumba and pastrami night. You got somewhere more important to be?”
“Who?” Steve asked Tony, though he sounded less interested in the answer than Violet, who was slowly toeing her way to the open space on the couch between Steve and Tony where the other two puppies were currently scrambling and tumbling around.
Steve grimaced at the question. He couldn’t meet Tony’s eyes, and he looked so uncomfortable he practically hunched in on himself. “Tony, we’re—we’re on the ground floor, the window is unlocked,” he said with an accusative gesture at the windows. “Anything—
Tony didn’t ask him why Steve had shown up unannounced, or pushed him to talk. If he was honest, Steve wasn’t entirely sure himself, but he appreciated the space. He appreciated the chance to think it through.
Fury glanced at Tony, who was vigorously nodding back. Then, with a long sigh and some silent soul-searching, he turned to Tony and officially asked, “Lieutenant Anthony Edward Stark, do you accept the burden of stewardship for Captain Steven Grant Rogers?”
“Okay, first of all, I’m not touching ‘cheap’ with a thirty foot pole, cause I assume you’ve never even
Steve smiled, and stole a tender, lingering kiss while Tony was still turned his way. “You have my word. You’ve had it since college, sweetheart, I’m not going anywhere.”
“You’re burning up, mein Schafes. I’m calling a doctor,” he said with a pinched, worrying frown. Tony couldn’t have cared less. When he mulishly insisted that all he wanted to do was sleep, Steve changed tact. “You can sleep as long as you like, you’re staying home today.”
“The doors will open for exiting without a scan,” he explained while they waited for the car to be completely lifted out of the underground parking lot and returned to solid ground. “The retinal scan initiates the return of your conveyance. No meeting has yet been called for the morning, Steve Rogers, why do we not use this time for you to begin driving?”
A knock on his door late one Tuesday evening brought his tenuous return to normalcy to a grinding halt. Tony pulled himself together, grabbed the taser sitting on the side-table by the door, and opened the door with the security chain on.
An eternity passed before Jane made any effort to extricate herself from the handsome band of young men. Slowly, Tony dared to breathe again; there was only so long a man could maintain a look of ‘casual sexy apathy’ for a stranger’s passive study before an itchy nose ruined the whole image.
They were nearly ten minutes into overtime when Tony leaned into Steve’s space and whispered, “I’m dying, Steve. I’m going to get a drink. You want anything?”
“Great!” she said with a toothy smile, “because people are stupid and think that pulling out is as safe as pro-fil-acts.”
A soreness in Steve’s lower back and thighs reminded him of the night before, but Steve shook the memories away as he tried to take stock of where they were. The more he looked around, the less it seemed to be a hotel room. Instead, it looked like some tidy and impersonal space taken out of a magazine - tastefully decorated, but without personal touches or colorful mementos. Given how Bucky and Tony both lived in Los Angeles, Steve assumed it was Tony’s bedroom in a furnished rental.
By the time Pepper let herself into their bedroom, Steve had the covers pulled up well over Tony’s ears and his face turned so Pepper couldn’t see more than some of Tony’s unruly hair over the covers. Even so, Steve took the precaution of gently cupping one hand over Tony’s face while finger combing his hair with the other, shielding him almost entirely from view.
Round after round they advanced well ahead of their competition, until it was only the two of them and a third man left in the game. By then the targets had been moved so far back the colors were nearly indistinguishable from each other. Tony managed to hit the bullseye with his first shot, but the second arrow strayed and cost him a point. Bucky tied him, but couldn’t score a perfect twenty either.
“No,” Bruce disagreed, shaking his head, but only once, because then the world started to spin a little too fast. “Listen, cause this is important, Tony:
They rode back to Steve’s place and up the elevator in silence, but the moment the door closed behind them in the apartment, Tony spun on his heel to face Steve.
They settled on a couch overlooking the waterfall rushing under the strong, arched foundations of the castle. At first they found a way to lie together on the couch, limbs tangled into obscurity and their heads resting on the same couch cushion as they read. But as the day wore on, Steve found himself needing the support to sit up and focus, while Tony gravitated to the thick pelt near the fire where the hypnotic flames and crackling logs helped transport him to a time when the magic of fairy tales still skimmed the horizon of reality.
“So much of this character is Tony’s work, and we got to spend a lot of time working through different lines. It wasn’t just a partnership, but we had to find the right balance of push-back and support between Iron Man and Cap, too. You’d be surprised if you knew how much of Iron Man’s dialogue is Tony improvising.”
Without another word, Tony pushed his way off the deep, plush, and entirely too comfortable couch. He placed the water bottle on the coffee table and picked up his loafers, and walked himself out.
“I sure hope not,” Steve replied, walking around to sit down on the armchair not far from where Tony had settled. “You heard what happened to Coulson?”
“So what’s the part you’re reading for? What are we working with?” Tony wondered with a smile that surely gave away how relieved he was to see Steve genuinely smiling again. He bit down on his cheeks as soon as the thought occurred to him, doing what he could to keep a straight face until he had himself under enough control to do it himself.
The privilege was overwhelming, and not for the first time, Steve could feel the emotions welling up behind his eyes, unbidden.
The museum was housed in Governor Pierce’s compound, a sleek, conical glass building comprised of his offices, his administrative staff, and a cultural history reflecting humanity’s moral decay and New Yorseylvania’s resurrection from the ashes.
Bucky glared up at the ceiling, presumably to stop from strangling Hammer. Steve stared back at Hammer straight on, wishing he could shut the schmuck up with the power of his mind. Inwardly, he wished Carter had been in the room to give the Special Agent a smackdown for such blatant disrespect.
“Eat. You’ll feel better,” Clint said, shoving a plate with a packed cheeseburger and grilled potato wedges in front of Steve.
Tony willed himself to look at his watch again. Five minutes until this ‘surprise’; fifteen minutes until their fight. He could hold out for five minutes. With another steadying breath, Tony turned in his seat to take in the incredible view of the ocean waves crashing into the craggly, dramatic cliffs below. The trees and little animals they spotted seemed perfectly at ease, clearly (and happily) undisturbed by humans, which made it all the more jarring in the end when they reached a black iron gate.
He had already caught up on the most recent update, which featured Tony looking handsomely disheveled the day before for a sunrise jog along San Francisco’s waterfront. It was far enough north that Tony had to bundle up against the winter chill, and while Steve’s appearance on The Late Show hadn’t taken him away for more than two days, it wasn’t all that easy to accept that he wouldn’t be waking up that morning to make Tony’s coffee and hold him while he thawed out in a warm shower.
Bucky was already making his way upstairs to see whether Steve was getting ready for bed as he’d promised. “Mine’s been suspiciously quiet,” he admitted as he knocked and made his way in.
,” Steve eventually, and very pointedly, corrected him when another voice cleared their throat as a polite interruption. Steve and Tony turned as one to see the old man Rumlow had briefly held up approaching them with a bald man in pink and beige robes following in his shadow.
Before long she turned the conversation over to Natasha and the interns so they could ask their questions and become more familiar with the case.
with this unusual story to tell, and what a—your performance in it, what’s left to say? A Golden Globe nod for Best Supporting Actor, the SAG win, and now the Oscars coming up. It is safe to say the movie has had a… a pretty special reception since it first came out.”
He plucked the ticket off the machine printer, and considered the softened recycled paper between his fingers.
Bucky, on the other hand, looked fascinated. “Do you know anything about people penises? How did we evolve?”
“Steve, I need you,” Tony panted in fragile whisper, a sound too desperate to succumb to his pride. A crown prince turned king, Tony wanted for nothing in his life. Nothing could be so humiliating and alien to him as to beg.
Carol took the time to think about what she said before responding. “There is only one thing a Stark doesn’t have in infinite supply, Steve,” she reminded him. “Time. Tony went out of his way to spend as much of it with you as he could. James said it was more likely a business thing.”
“Hey, hey, hang on, pal,” Clint interjected loudly before Stephanie spiraled out of  control. “Look, you’re just gonna have to trust yourself, okay? Men don’t exactly… men and Women don’t exactly do what it is you two are …doing. You don’t hear about a Woman treating a man well, okay? It’s not like he built his house in a swamp for his health,” Clint pointed out. “But, somehow he cares about you, so you’re clearly doing something right. Just… keep doing wh… uh. Stephanie?”
Even galaxies from home, bureaucracy took an eternity. Once they had turned in their paperwork, Steve took them around to a waiting hall where benches of all shapes and sizes were installed for those waiting their turn. But when Tony first moved to sit, Steve took him by the hips and turned him around so Tony knelt on bench with his hands braced flat against the backrest.
Tony packed himself into the passenger seat and reached in the backseat for their first of many bag of chips. This one was Cool Ranch, and Tony popped it open and was munching happily by the time Steve made his way to the car. He stood in the open door of the driver’s seat staring at Tony for a long time, but something must have told him Tony had no intention of giving up his Doritos to drive another two hours, and he eventually slid in behind the wheel.
Steve rolled his hips forward and Tony groaned under his breath, arching his hips eagerly. “Oh, Steve,” he moaned, “is that a belt buckle I feel, or are you happy to see me?”
He had no such festival or celebration that winter to use as an excuse to invite Steve to Eisenturm, but when New Years Eve rolled around, Tony made it a point to whisk Steve away to his favorite castle where they could spend New Years Day like most other families in Machtberg: eating breakfast in bed and reading all day. It was an old tradition to exchange books with loved ones for Christmas, books that imparted messages or lessons for the coming year. Welcoming the new year through quiet reflection was an intentional and meaningful connection for Mächtingen, and who they did it with spoke volumes of the relationships they valued most. Steve had never heard of such a tradition before, so Tony had the pleasure of introducing him to it in a way that made sense for them.
One call to Coulson was all it took for the arrangements to be made, and for Steve to make peace with this newfound limitation of what it meant to do his best. As a farmer, as a soldier, and as a prince, his life had only ever been about doing more: to be more vigilant shepherd, to stay awake longer so his men could sleep in the field, to study for hours on one subject after another. But as he had heard Rhodes tell Tony weeks ago, this was not only his life anymore, he shared it with another person. A person whom he loved deeply and wanted to honor. It had all gotten away from him so quickly, and on that final flight back to his husband, Steve swore to himself that he'd never allow his duty to so easily lead him from the vows he made to Tony again.
“I can smell the pies,” Steve interrupted them both to say. “Or I am getting really hungry; either way, I want to eat pie.”
“An award winning robot and my pick of any career in the Western Hemisphere,” Tony drawled, but evidently, Jane was impossible to impress anymore.
Steve used one canister to milk his cock, while he fucked Tony with a second canister, and then a third, for the more lucrative hormones. Despite his initial doubts, Tony filled the three canisters faster than Steve could have hoped. Satisfied enough to let Tony rest, he had laid down beside Tony after that, cramped together on the standard dorm room twin bed. He held Tony’s sweaty, panting body close, and even asleep, Tony turned into Steve’s chest, chasing the unusual warmth of his body.
“And I will miss you very, very much,” Steve said with a big smile in his voice. “For twelve whole days until my internship starts. Did I tell you my place doesn’t have AC? Not that it’ll matter, I’ll be at work the hottest hours of the day, but
A sharp pinch and a firm tug at one nipple gave Tony another full-body jolt and had him crying with both pain and pleasure, distracting him for just a second when Steve pressed two slick fingers into him. His soft hiss of pain slurred and deepened into a full-throated groan at the tight but gratifying stretch, and soon his whole body rocked down with his hips eagerly pushing down to meet the confident, purposeful thrusts of Steve’s fingers.
“Nothing would make you happier?” Tony muttered bitterly before he could stop himself. Before he even recognized that his hackles were up and his teeth were bared. “How can you say that you love me to the point of pain, end our relationship, and tell me to move on in the same breath?”
“I busted my ass in grad school for what?” Tony mumbled around a mouthful of his raspberry filled cronut. “I should quit while I’m ahead; Yinsen’s reference could get me in anywhere.”
“I wish we had a picture together with you in this,” Tony confessed, and Steve cuddled in closer against Tony’s side to nuzzle into the smooth, warm skin of Tony’s neck. His reaction to Steve’s two-day scruff scraping over his skin was immediate. Steve heard his gasp before Tony squirmed and shuddered involuntarily in his arms.
The sentence trailed off without an end, because Steve wasn’t too sure what was most honest. Flawed?
“Got my wallet, and my phone,” Tony said as he sipped down some needed coffee between his pancakes. “There’s enough stuff back at the ranch.”
Harvey was the only kid in Tony’s little group who looked skeptical. “They do all that just to be dads?”
“Oh, shi—Steve? Steve,” Tony whispered, rushing over to Steve’s side. Steve visibly shivered even in the warm kitchen; remembering Steve’s reaction to the unlocked window last night, Tony had a nauseating understanding of what his shivering meant. At first, Tony walked over with a tight grip of his loose jeans to stop himself from pulling Steve into his arms. He needed a moment to steady himself, and as soon as he did, Tony forgot about everything else and opened his arms instead, leaving Steve the option to be held if he needed the physical comfort.
“I’m not letting anybody pay ten bucks for a skinny eclair. On principle, Steve,” Tony insisted, and Steve shouldn’t laugh so easily. “There’s a farmer’s market a few blocks down. Unless that’s too cheap for your sexy without trying too hard look?”
“You know, I’d love to, but I’ve got a date,” Tony said once he’d confirmed the time. “Channing’s in town and by some miracle we’re both free this weekend, so we’re heading up to Napa. But, rain check? I’ll be back on Wednesday,” he added, mildly apologetic. “We can catch up then?”
Tony laughed so hard he wheezed as he came up for air, and smug as can be, Steve smirked to himself and took the drink out of his hand before Tony spilled it all over the couch.
His hair was in wild disarray, he had pulled his jeans and (probably) Steve’s shirt on before stepping out. He was still rubbing sleep out of his eyes when he came around with small, drowsy steps, following his nose directly to the kitchen. Tony draped himself against Steve’s side and nuzzled into his neck with a playful little rumble.
“It is my curse,” he whispered urgently. “Nobody was supposed to know, I—as soon as I am honor-bound to a Chief of my kin, I will be, I will be who I am meant to be.”
“What’s that, The New New Colossus? Bedside drawer,” Tony answered before Steve finished his question. “Lube, condoms.”
“Tony, are you there? Can you hear me? You’re not going to fail,” Steve raised his voice to say. “What’s happening, sweetheart? What happened?”
Tony couldn’t have guessed whether seconds or minutes passed by, but eventually, Steve returned with a small tube in hand. He knelt before Tony’s cock, and Tony squirmed as he watched Steve rubbing lube between his fingers, taking the time to warm it up before touching Tony again.
Tony laughed, a gentle, joyous sound that only ever left Steve feeling gleefully possessive of bringing Tony such happiness. Without waiting for Steve to move, Tony closed the distance between them. As always, he was careful not to physically jolt Steve or hurt him, but still Tony pressed in close and let Steve feel his body against his own. Tony cradled Steve’s face with tender hands, and for all the kisses in his life, Steve could feel himself lost in the intoxicating smell of Tony’s cologne, the loving care in his touch.
“You’re—fuck, darling,” Tony whispered, breathless and unthinking as he fucked Steve into the mattress hard enough to rattle the bedframe, mad with lust. “Jesus, you give me life, you—fuck, the smell of you, your voice, Steve,
