“I don’t, either. And I know I won’t be. But it’s not only about that. I never am going to stop missing them. My family.”
Sherlock pulled at his clothes, yanking back the layers to expose a crimson spot soaking his shirt. It wasn’t too large, certainly not lethal, and it only stung, not wracked him in agony.
“Yeah. Temporary dalliances are okay. Committed relationships, not so much. But it doesn’t matter. Speculating just makes one feel worse, right? You know, maybe our parents aren’t that different. Dad wasn’t supportive of what I wanted, either. It’s probably just wishful thinking to hope that mum would have been. And Harry. The rest of them.”
“I know,” he said. “I trust you. I’ve just never told a human before, and you have so much disdain for anything supernatural.”
“I told Mrs. Hudson that you inspired me to work on a composition about fantastical sea creatures. I played a little of it for her. That’s not what the composition was about, but never mind. She said that the subject was fascinating and fun to think about, so there’s that.”
“Yes. Although the in-law part feels a little weird to me. We don’t really think of it that way. But it’s the same basic principle otherwise. Are you comfortable with that? Is it too soon?”
“So why exactly did you decide to grace me with this visit?” Sherlock asked. “It wasn’t to carry my things up the stairs.”
“You shouldn’t have to hold yourself back. How likely is it that we’ll be able to keep the secret, anyway, between you and Greg?”
“Sure. I mean. It’s a bit of a dodgy, grey area, but we never would have caught this guy if it weren’t for him. It took some finagling, but I’d love to work with him again, yeah. I’m not too proud to admit that I’ll probably be stumped again at some point. That’s inevitable for anyone.”
Sherlock groaned. Of course there wouldn’t be. Why would the universe be so merciful as to grant him an intellectual puzzle after three weeks of inaction?
Buoyed by the cadence of John’s breath, Sherlock let his mind drift in the hope of sleep. When he next opened his eyes, a dream of chasing a murderer through an aquarium faded from his memory. Huh. He had managed to sleep more, after all. John snored away. Smiling, Sherlock grabbed his mobile from the side table and checked his messages. Mrs. Hudson had sent him a picture of a puppy done up as a pop culture character Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to know about. Why people enjoyed dressing up their pets was beyond him, but the beagle did look adorable in his blue cape, so Sherlock replied with a smiling emoji.
Greg got married on a Sunday. Mycroft congratulated him on the phone right before boarding a flight for New York, taking advantage of the long flight to indulge in sleeping pills and doze Greg’s wedding day away. Work kept him too busy for the next few days to devote more than the stray thought to Greg’s nuptials before needing to push them away for something that he could actually control. He had sent them a present as Greg’s friend. Greg left him a thank you voicemail. Mycroft may have listened to it more than once.
Protective fury ran through Mycroft. How had Susan dared be unfaithful to this wonderful man, who had done nothing but shower her with love and support?
“I didn’t say I wanted that,” he said, tone measured, evasive, unsure what he even wished to reveal.
“Thanks. I think yours is nicer, though. Mine’s greying fast. I’ve only seen one grey hair in yours.”
“Yeah, I know. You’re a good friend. I am grateful, you know, that you didn’t tell me to fuck off after I left you.” Greg turned the remote over in his hands in an endless cycle. “I’m still sorry about that.”
“Yeah,” Greg said, his grin widening. “I didn’t think I’d ever do that with you. This day has been amazing. My mind hasn’t caught up with it. I feel like it’s spinning. In a good way.”
Sherlock awoke far too early for his liking. The clock read 7:06 in the morning light streaming in through the shut, blue curtains. A sunny day would be welcome at a later hour, but not this one, not when John and he had rolled into bed past midnight arguing over an ill-conceived game of Cluedo. Whoever had created that ill written form of “entertainment” had clearly not an ounce of knowledge of deduction or of a killer’s motivations.
“Who are you calling?” John asked, apprehensive voice indicating that he knew exactly whose number Sherlock was dialing.
“Yeah, I remember.” Greg shrugged. “Just a little, though. You don’t need to put yourself through all this.”
“I’ll always respect your boundaries. Don’t worry about that for a second. And I’m not into horse drawn carriages, anyway, outside of period films. I’m pretty rubbish at all the human romance stuff, actually, to my detriment.” John smiled. “Until now, that is.”
Remorse burned in John’s eyes, but Sherlock didn’t care. Fuck his guilt. Fuck his frustration over people not believing in selkies. Fuck his neat house and the loneliness in his eyes.
“Yeah. Of course. Look, let’s just keep it simple. Would you like me to go over there as a friend? Do you need me?”
“Um…” Sherlock folded his arms behind his back to hide his fingers’ sudden fidgeting. “It was great. Well, not the attack part. Although there were good consequences to that part, so not even that was all bad.”
“You hardly tell me anything out of your own volition, so what else am I supposed to do? I was surprised when you told me that you had become partners with John.”
“You know,” Greg said, his amused smile softening. “I think this is the first real conversation that we’ve ever had. We always stick to work. Maybe a little small talk that you get out of as quick as you can.”
It wasn’t his place to ask, yet the words were out of Mycroft’s mouth before he gave them much thought. Greg nodded. Sherlock would have welcomed the physical affection from Greg in this canine form. Mycroft always found it strange that Sherlock hadn’t gotten another dog after Redbeard, since he loved dogs so. But perhaps it wasn’t so strange after all. His grief over Redbeard’s death had been quite acute. Mycroft had worried for him at the time.
“I’m not comfortable not knowing why Dr. Watson’s past is such a blank,” Mycroft said. “But I always do try to act for your good, Sherlock, as much as you push back against me. This time, however, I think I would be doing you harm by forcing your friend to reveal his secret.”
“Alright,” Mycroft said, tension gripping him. “Ideally, I would like to be with you like we were before. Only not in a casual relationship. A committed one where I don’t have to be concerned about you leaving me for another. I’m fully aware that I encouraged you to look for companionship elsewhere, so I don’t blame you for anything. I didn’t think I was the most suitable person for you then, and that belief still holds. I would be willing to compromise with you over some of the romantic things, like referring to our outings as dates. I would also not mind you referring to me as your boyfriend if you wished. I don’t yearn for marriage, but the thought of sharing a wedding band with you is a pleasant one. So, that’s my answer.” Mycroft spread his hands helplessly at his sides. “Now I implore you to ignore it if it interferes in any way with your own wishes.”
Exasperation mixed with concern in Mycroft’s face. Sherlock ignored them both as he sat across from him, but only because standing on one foot while holding the other lightly on the ground, trying not to put too much weight on it, was tiring and painful, and he was annoyed enough as it was.
Never mind all that. For the first time in three weeks, he had a case to solve, and he was going to do it, no matter how annoying Lestrade proved to be.
John giggled softly, looking away for a moment as pink colored his cheeks. The tender sight urged Sherlock to lean forward and lay a kiss on John’s nose. John laughed harder, even more delighted.
Sherlock lunged for the skin. John tried to intercept him, but Sherlock already had his hands on it, on the smooth, blubbery truth of it. It felt, looked, and smelled exactly like it should. There was no mistaking this for some fabrication. An old scar, three tooth marks, marred a piece of it. An identical scar pockmarked John’s right shoulder. Sherlock reached for him, touching the scars, testing his warm, breathing skin. Two warm skins. Two skins belonging to the same person. The same creature.
“Sure, because pacing up and down is what you do when nothing’s wrong. Something’s been bothering you all week. Here, have your tea.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. Good point. Hobbling on his remaining good ankle might have been precarious on such unsteady ground. He had not thought of that before.
“With all your study of humanity, you must realize what it sounds like to someone like me to even entertain the notion that selkies might be real. There’s no place for beings like you in my world view. At least, there didn’t used to be.”
“I just didn’t want to talk about it, okay? And I didn’t lie. Revealing that I’m a werewolf did go great. I just didn’t mention the other stuff.”
“I mean it,” Greg said it, wretched. “I don’t know if as a friend or something else. I loved you back then, too. I just didn’t realize it until later. But then it faded when I fell in love with Susan. But then she cheated on me. Since then, since I realized that I have to let her go, my feelings for you have resurfaced. No, that’s not the right word. They’ve changed. They’ve always been changing. Evolving. But I still love her, too. So I don’t know what to do now.”
Yet no amount of stress from making sure that the United Kingdom didn’t collapse gave him the urge to empty a whole bag of biscuits in one go. Only family had that effect. Sherlock and his flirting with death antics. Their parents and their desperation to cling to a  heteronormative illusion of their children. And now Greg. Mycroft hadn’t thought of him in the same category, but it felt right to. When Greg came into his life, Mycroft’s closely guarded control began to slip. He didn’t even realize until it was too late. The realization terrified him. He had always been glad not to yearn for relationships like the rest of the world did. Sherlock needed them to function, but Mycroft did very well on his own. It wasn’t like he was lonely. He didn’t have time for such sentimentality.
“It’s alright, Mycroft,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You don’t have to be coy around me. I’ve been around the block quite a few more times than you, I’d wager.”
Except that he couldn’t do that because he did actually have to call his own mother, as Mycroft so irritatingly reminded him by ringing him. At least he had the decency to wait until after they finished breakfast, not that he had any way of knowing. Nothing indicated that Mycroft hadn’t kept his word and backed off on surveilling Sherlock. It better stay that way. As soon as Mycroft’s name appeared on his mobile screen, Sherlock groaned, dropped the plates he was carrying on the counter, and went upstairs so he wouldn’t subject John to their conversation.
“Then stop trying to define it. John and I don’t define our relationship and we’re doing fine. You want to get back together with him, yes? Does he not? He seemed interested in you when he was here.”
Sherlock laughed. The seizing in his throat, so similar to sobbing, triggered the tears and he let go.
“You better not make me regret vouching for you,” Sherlock told him, fixing him with a warning glare.
Since his ankle was recovered enough that he could lean on only one crutch, Sherlock finally left the stifling confines of his hotel and took a cab to the local Waterstones. He buried himself in the nature section, grabbing every book on seals and marine life that he could find. He also stopped by the folklore section, but he already knew enough to determine that a good portion of them were outright fabrications. Still, in the interests of being thorough, he bought a scholarly work on ocean folklore. He sat in an armchair in the most deserted spot of the shop and read through lunch, only stopping once his stomach’s nagging couldn’t be ignored anymore. He went around the corner, downed an order of chips, then went right back into the shop to keep reading. A couple of the shopkeepers looked at him funny, but he’d paid for the books and there was hardly a high demand for the chairs on a weekday at 2pm, so they let him be.
Sherlock frowned at his phone screen before putting it back in his pocket and pouring himself a cup of tea.
“I just want to catch up.” Sherlock smiled. It didn’t look forced, did it? It felt a little forced. “You’re right. That’s what friends do. We haven’t seen each other in a while. So we should, you know.”
“Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock. I’m John Watson. Are you going to tell them what happened?” John asked.
“A man with no record who just happens to find you at the beach at an opportune moment and has become friendly with you is my business.”
“You’re refusal to be cowed by Mycroft is one of my favorite things about you,” Sherlock said, grinning.
“Do we even want to know what by?” Greg asked, dubiously raised brows indicating that he didn’t actually want an answer.
Both Greg and Mrs. Hudson looked up at Sherlock as if he were the one being exasperating. Well, maybe, but he hated the ridiculous nerves of introducing his partner to people and wanted to get it over with.
Sherlock spared only a glance to the cabbie’s surprised expression before turning away, staying only long enough for Greg to cuff him and read him his rights. More of the sniffer dogs came down, including Sally, who regarded him with her usual resentful incredulity, but didn’t comment as she went to assist her boss with the arrest. Sherlock pushed past them and returned to his flat. His breath burned in his throat, shallow. His mind swam, tired and aching with frustrated theories which would never be answered now. They had the killer. All the evidence they needed to prove his guilt was at their fingertips, but he would never get all the answers he needed. John approached him as soon as he returned to the flat, concerned, always so concerned. Mrs. Hudson was little better, but she knew to leave him alone in these moments while he sorted himself out.
Leaving his suitcase and violin case by the door, Sherlock dove for the file and opened it, visually inhaling the specifics as quickly as he could.
John called at 7:19. Ten minutes later, he entered the hotel lobby, where Sherlock sat waiting for him, thumbs tapping at the crutches before him. His heart jumped when he spotted John, beating faster, making his palms sweaty. The selkie was here. That all too human face and body could disappear in an instant under a seal skin, transforming into an impossible being that Sherlock still couldn’t make heads or tails of. He approached Sherlock, smiling, eager to please. Yet he had bags under his eyes, which were slightly red rimmed from lack of sleep. He’d had a fitful night of it, and a long day at work, too. His har was ruffled. Could be from the wind, or from passing his hands through it too many times. The cuff of his left sleeve was wrinkled in two spots, sharp creases from being grasped at and bent too many times as John worried at it.
Of course the first thing Mycroft would want to know was whether there was a security threat he should be aware of.
“My head’s pounding. I twisted my ankle. It feels like a sprain, not a break. It hurts on my torso, but I don’t think…”
Mycroft stepped back from the doorway, so graciously giving him leave to enter this dump that he had stuffed John into. As if he could possibly keep Sherlock out. John was standing close to the door, his feet planted firmly on the floor, but his hands were half closed into fists at his sides and he peered with guarded wariness between Mycroft and Sherlock, his hostility for the former keenly apparent, refusing to be intimidated. He nodded at Sherlock to let him know that he was alright. Despite Mycroft’s reassurance, Sherlock scanned him for marks of manhandling, but John looked untouched. Mycroft would have displayed a show of force and overwhelming odds to coerce John to come here. A black carb pulling up to the curb as John made his way down to the corner café to grab a sandwich. Two, no three of his minions surrounding him. A gun in its holster casually shown to show John the futility of resistance. John having no choice but to get in the car and be brought here to be interrogated by the most dangerous man he was ever likely to meet, who Sherlock should have warned him about. He should have known to warn him about.
“A seal, yes. No, the seal didn’t attack me. Far from it. Under ordinary circumstances, that would be enough information for you to make a plausible deduction.”
“There’s no need. It happened. There’s no taking it back now. The only thing I need… want, is knowledge. I need to know how this is possible. How you are possible. What is real and what isn’t. Will you tell me?”
“Yeah,” Greg dragged out, fingers shifting uncertainly at his elbows. “Listen, Sherlock. I didn’t think about how this would feel from your side of things. About Mycroft always intruding on your business while hiding this from you. I should have thought of that. I’m sorry. Again.”
Sherlock scowled but did as he was told and took a sip, savoring the bittersweet taste. That did help a little.
“Oh, no. Not that fast. Mrs. Hudson would kick me out again. She would probably drag me back to the station herself. She specifically told me to stay with you a little longer. That it would do me good.”
“I suppose. I am uncertain. Yet I’m not sure that I’m experiencing anything differently, only more intensely, so I don’t think it’s likely.”
“Werewolves are very loyal, you know,” Mrs. Hudson continued. “As are selkies.” She smiled at Sherlock. “You boys have nothing to worry about.”
“Sorry,” John said, ceasing to touch him full stop, the suddenness of his retreat leaving Sherlock cold. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Thankfully, Greg had lived up to Mycroft’s stringent standards. There had been some indiscretions in his youth, but he had straightened out after joining the police force and had an exemplary record since then. It spoke of a man dedicated to the pursuit of justice, not just a careerist. He refused Mycroft’s offer of payment in exchange for spying on Sherlock outright, looking appalled at the very notion that he would ever do such a thing. He praised Sherlock’s deductive abilities and keenness for criminal investigation. Mycroft had a moment of doubt when Greg admitted to finding Sherlock “a bit weird”, but it vanished in the next instant when Greg said,
He steadied his tone more that second time and raised his head, straightening in his seat, but there was no disguising how upset he was at the possibility of Sherlock suddenly leaving. Sherlock frowned, surprised by his own distress at the thought of having to do so. They had only known each other for a few days, and yet John was his friend. Sherlock didn’t go around idly referring to people as such, even the rare ones who tolerated his continued presence. As much as he had bristled at Mycroft’s nannying him over John’s status in his life, the annoying git had been right about this. John mattered to him. He was important. Sherlock couldn’t define how exactly, but he couldn’t just up and leave John here in Dover without dire consequences to himself. Mycroft had been right about that, too. It had been too many years since Victor, whom he had also latched onto rather quickly, but it was so rare for a living person to intrigue him past deducing them in a few seconds. For that person to wish to be near him in return was practically unheard of. How could he not be compelled to hold on as strongly as he could?
“No, it’s fine. It’s great. Really, do ignore me. I know you wouldn’t throw me over for another shapeshifter.”
Sherlock shocked himself by the swell of emotion arising within him at that simple gesture. He nodded, biting his bottom lip.
“I don’t know about you,” Greg said, stepping forward, fingers curling nervously at his sides. “We already connected more than we ever had last week, but… For us, for me anyway… This is one of the greatest way that we express friendship. If the people involved are into it, that is. What I’m trying to say is, I feel like we’re closer now.”
During a period of seven, hellish weeks, they couldn’t find any way to meet each other for more than a handful of hours and some scattered phone calls. Mycroft always wondered if it was the distance that persuaded Greg to seek the romance that he wanted elsewhere, or if it was a welcome reprieve back to reality. Either way, Mycroft should have been relieved that he was no longer stringing Greg along. But that wasn’t the emotion that he felt when Greg called him to announce, hesitant and apologetic, that he’d met someone else, someone who did want the same things that he did, and that he’d like to give it a shot.
But enough about Victor. Why think about him now? He was gone, a faded speck in the rearview mirror. John was here, a living presence in his arms. Or rather, Sherlock was in his, for John had both arms wrapped around him now, while Sherlock only held him with his hands, grasping the back of his head.
“And you stop worrying, too. You’re wearing down my floorboards with all your pacing. If John wants to move in despite you keeping human body parts in the flat, nothing is going to drive him off.”
They fell into an easy silence, marked only by the sound of their breaths and the pleasant lullaby of the waves beating against the shore near the house. After a while, Sherlock’s motions died down and he took to studying John’s hand. John’s fingers were smaller than his own. Short nails, neatly cut, receiving no special maintenance. The skin of his knuckles was a bit dry and cracked from the lowered humidity of March, but not badly so. He applied lotion. Cocoa butter, from the scent clinging to his skin. The top portion of his middle finger tilted slightly to the right, while the rest of his fingers ran straight. An old injury? Something had exerted pressure against that part of his finger. Oh, of course. John was right handed.
God, maybe it would be better to just tell her already. Dancing around this was surprisingly difficult.
Sherlock’s throat closed up. He had to put the cup down before it spilled from his hand. Mrs. Hudson stood up and placed a hand on his shoulder. That simple, loving gesture drove Sherlock to his feet and into Mrs. Hudson’s arms. He shut his eyes, sniffing, his throat tightening even more as she pet his back, so loving and maternal.
Forget. So simple when it came to facts and figures yet impossible over skin-cringing horrors like this.
“It’s appreciated nonetheless. Let’s open it after dinner. And do feel free to use your key while you’re here. There’s really no sense in pretending that you don’t have it.”
He turned around and pressed his back to John’s chest, grabbing John’s arm as soon as it wrapped around him. Taking his hand in both of his, he stroked his fingers, feeling along the edge of the bones from his wrist to his nails and back again. John tucked his head on Sherlock’s nape, nose pressing as softly as his warm breath. Due to Sherlock’s greater height, John’s toes nudged at Sherlock’s calves, massaging his skin like Sherlock had stroked him before.
“Visiting on weekends works for me,” Sherlock said, trying to focus on solutions. “Although my schedule is erratic, so taking turns won’t always work.”
“There are also some eyes on the table,” Sherlock said, scratching behind his ear as John’s eyes opened wide in mute horror.
Sherlock’s skin crawled as he recalled their leering faces, the alcohol stinking their breath and loosening their tongues as they ogled him as if he were a toy for them to play with. They assumed that he must want it with the way he dressed, the way he acted. Victor kept them at bay once he entered the picture. They assumed that he was Sherlock’s boyfriend. Sherlock let them assume that to keep himself safe.
Sherlock had been unruly as a child. Nothing had changed, really. Once he got a fixation in his head, there was no dissuading him from it, even if that included dressing up as a pirate in public. Including on their trips to France, as evidenced by the old video Mycroft was viewing. A family trip to the beaches of Nice wouldn’t be complete without pirate attire according to Sherlock. At least the setting made some sense, even if it was the wrong body of water for the stereotypical getup he favored. Their parents were so embarrassed by their little miscreant, but Sherlock would not be budged from their hotel room without his big tricorn, tattered blue bandana, red and white striped t-shirt, and ragged blue trousers. In the end, their parents had no recourse but to indulge him. It was either that or leave Mycroft to babysit the stubborn six-year-old in the room, and why should Mycroft be forced to stay behind just because Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to dress properly for one afternoon?
“No need. I’m at the office, but I’ll give you the security codes so you can get in. Please make yourself at home. Take anything you want from the fridge.”
Sherlock surprised himself by the questions. It hadn’t been formulated as much as burst from him. He need to know John better. Not the selkie. John.
“Don’t take it the wrong way. I don’t mean it as an insult. I’m smarter than practically everyone else. It’s just a fact.”
“Anyway,” he continued, “against my better judgement, I agreed to go on this outing. I did ask him however, to keep it secret from you. I didn’t expect our encounter to be repeated, so I didn’t see the point in upsetting you and making you suspicious of Greg when his cooperation with you was being so beneficial to your recovery.”
Hs smile faltered. How did selkies feel about this sort of contact? Had Sherlock been inadvertently flirting with him? John wouldn’t take it that way, would he? He was in seal form, for God’s sake. Surely, he couldn’t expect Sherlock to be thinking of that while John looked like this.
“Get up here,” Mycroft said. “I don’t care if you get hair on everything. You’re as welcome on my furniture in this form as in your other one. I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression.”
But it didn’t last. Soon, John was sad again and Sherlock didn’t know what to do about it. One evening, while they were strolling beside the Thames by Tower Bridge, John stopped by the railing and leaned on it to gaze across the water. His face had that same pensive expression of sorrow that had been driving Sherlock mad for days. He stood next to John, biting his bottom lip. This ended now.
“It was so nice to meet you, too,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I’m so glad that Sherlock has someone like you in his life now.”
Greg sighed and lifted his head, rubbing his face with an expression of such beaten despair that Mycroft’s heart ached.
A deep exhale expelled out of Greg’s lungs. He looked away for a second, gathering strength, yet his hand tightened around Mycroft’s.
John gave a brief overview of the basics of selkies, what other fantastical creatures existed, and why he had moved to the land. Mycroft mostly listened, but asked a few questions, growing calmer as he shifted toward data collecting and not being freaked out by the magical seal staring at him. He remained tense and on his guard, scrambling to comprehend how any of this was possible, but he wasn’t fleeing or having a panic attack.
“Sherlock, I’m really sorry,” Greg said. “We should have told you. Or I should have told you even if Mycroft didn’t want to. It’s just… you two don’t get along and I didn’t want it to affect how we work together.”
Sherlock didn’t often eat his feelings, but he had a keen need to right now. He pulled out his phone and dialed Mycroft’s number, his motions automatic, unthinking.
Sherlock switched to his Gallery and pulled up a picture that John had taken on his phone. Sherlock was not one for selfies, but John could be so persuasive sometimes, and he was mightily glad to have it now. They stood at the beach, the ocean behind them, lopsided and not looking particularly interesting in this quick shot, but that didn’t matter. The two of them were pressed side by side, arms around each other’s shoulders, smiling. Warmth filled Sherlock’s chest, a grin swelling on his face. Five more days. Only five more days and he’d be with John again. John in his flat sitting on his sofa. Lying on his bed. Eating chips with him at the place that always gave him an extra portion. Walking in the city that filled Sherlock’s veins as if it were his own blood.
. John wouldn’t change his mind so easily. He wouldn’t. His affection wasn’t a threat. Whatever thoughts occurred in his head that Sherlock didn’t wish to see would stay there. He had nothing to worry about. He was selling John short by fearing even for a second that he might.
“Okay.” Sherlock lifted his hand from John’s chest to his right wrist, squeezing gently. “You also. I know there must be things.”
“I’m looking forward to that. Can you spoon me this time? I wanted to last night but we didn’t get around to it.”
“You do the same thing and you know it,” Greg said, looking far too amused. “With all your dramatic revelations and complaining about how mediocre everyone else’s observational skills are and how you’re the only person with any intelligence in the room. And the costumes.”
Friends. Hardly the right word. Sherlock opened his mouth to correct him, but stopped. He had never told Lestrade anything about his orientation, and chances were high that Lestrade would require plenty of explanation. Did he really want to get into all that here in his office, in the midst of Lestrade’s workday, with any of his subordinates able to interrupt at any moment? But he couldn’t just play along that he and John were “friends” and nothing else.
Sherlock kissed above his belly button and grabbed one of John’s hands to kiss it, too, sinking his face into his palm. John smiled past his sorrow. No, the siblings that hadn’t spoken for years weren’t the best example. The most that Sherlock had ever gone without communicating with Mycroft was five months, and despite it being his choice, he had still felt unsettled about it. Mycroft was like a rash that wouldn’t go away. Irritating, yet dependable.
Sherlock was clinging too tightly to John’s hand, palms sweating. But John didn’t protest. He squeezed back, stroking his hair, his breath a soothing balm on Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, scarcely able to breathe.
Leave it to Mycroft to hide behind work right when Sherlock actually wanted him present to interrogate him, for once. Greg hadn’t contacted Sherlock again, which was most disturbing. John thought that it was none of his business what Mycroft and Greg got up to as long as it didn’t affect him, but it was affecting him, wasn’t it? Mycroft was coming over at some point today if some crisis didn’t suddenly erupt to excuse him from it to talk about this, but Sherlock wasn’t allowed to know anything about it until he did. Texting John only distracted him for so long, especially when John couldn’t respond for ages because he was working, too. Sherlock, for his part, had tried to begin a new experiment with the fingers he had left over, but he couldn’t concentrate. A morose cloud hung over his head, depressing his limbs and sending his executive dysfunction shooting through the roof. He had been plastered on the sofa with the telly remote in his hand since noon. Before that, it had been a book on venoms, but after the forth time reading the same paragraph and not taking in a single word, he tossed it on the desk and grabbed the remote. Mrs. Hudson came up to check on him periodically, tutting and spouting platitudes. She had even ruffled his hair, which he had pretended to hate, dodging her hand, but had secretly enjoyed. She had all but shoved food down his mouth, too, but his grumblings were overruled both by her and his own treacherous stomach.
“Why would I be? I thought you wanted to get back together with him. Is there something else I don’t know about?”
Yet he never had the courage to ask Victor when he was awake, either. Always, he formulated the request in his mind, agonizing over the wording, hoping and despairing at once that Victor would find it strange that Sherlock wanted to feel his skin and hair, his warmth, but not want to go beyond that, not in the way that Victor liked, if he even wanted that from Sherlock. Yet Sherlock never got the impression that Victor wanted anything other than friendship from him. Perhaps he was too ignorant in these forms of attraction to perceive it, but he didn’t think that had been the case. Victor’s desire was always so palpable when he had a boyfriend, an intimate partner who was not Sherlock, who he preferred to spend his nights with, and, in the end, his days, too.
Mycroft watched them, pensive as he examined the easy interaction between them, the obvious routine of John aiding Sherlock, the famously ornery patient who despised to be mollycoddled except by Mrs. Hudson. He didn’t comment on it, but Sherlock could feel him analyzing every bit of the interaction and comparing it to everything else he’d seen and heard about them. They were silent on their way to the car, save for John urging Sherlock not to hurry too much on his leg.
“Um… Well, um… The head of the clan offers the prospective person a place in their clan in front of witnesses. The person, I, accept and adopt that clan’s name.”
“I appreciate that, but your simple answer helps immensely. Committed monogamy isn’t only the province of romantic relationships. Although I’m not sure if a queerplatonic relationship would be applicable since you feel romantic attraction towards me.”
The next morning, Sherlock crept out of his room and padded softly into the sitting room. John lied on his back, one flipper on his chest while the other hung off the side, snoring softly through his nose. The sight looked so human that Sherlock grinned while he slipped onto the floor and crossed his legs to watch John sleep. The magic of John’s nature hadn’t ceased to amaze him in the past weeks. His curiosity about how such things could be possible continued to burn within him, but he had grudgingly accepted that he might never know, even if he were allowed to examine non-human DNA. He had even come to accept the usage of the word “magic” after reminding John of the old quote, “Magic is just science we don’t understand yet.” Sherlock had merely been working with an incomplete method of scientific study, an erroneous construction of the makeup of the world.
“He’s terrified of feelings, like always. You are aware that you want to tie yourself to someone who treats caring for people like some sort of irritating disease?”
“Yes, we do,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s hand and tugging him out of the sitting room. “Bye now.”
Sherlock chuckled. Did John always behave like this or was he showing off for Sherlock’s benefit? Likely the latter. John kept jumping in longer and longer lunges until he tired himself out. He swam closer to shore and poked his head out. With a ululating grunt and wave, he sank back in the water. His body gleamed close to the surface for a few seconds, then he disappeared off to deeper waters. With a wistful sign, Sherlock grabbed his book, an exploration of deep sea life, and began to read. He didn’t last more than a minute before putting the book aside and grabbed his composing notebook from his coat pocket, picking up where he’d left off. Fresh melodies fluttered in his mind, too quick to write all at once, propelled by the impression of John cavorting in the water and the regular rhythm of the waves brushing cold water along the shiny pebbles. He composed in fits and starts, a long flow of inspiration halted by sudden uncertainty and scratching out of notes on the page. His hand ached from gripping his pencil too tightly by the time he’d tapped himself out. He wasn’t finished with the composition by any means, but it was shaping up very nicely indeed. He hoped that John liked it when it was done.
“Your heartbeat is elevated,” John said, hand pressed to the pulse point in Sherlock’s ankle, the bandage half unrolled. He frowned up at Sherlock, worry in his eyes. “Are you okay? Are you in pain?”
“You are right,” Mycroft corrected himself. “I haven’t granted Greg the freedom to choose what he wants. I’ll endeavor to do better in the future. For both of you.”
Sherlock smiled again. John was going to slip sometimes. This was all new to him. It was inevitable.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “But you scared me. You really did. And you left me behind. How am I supposed to back you up if you leave me? I was there with you every step of the way today, even against my better judgment sometimes. I could have been with you for this, too.”
“Still,” Mycroft said. “His culture does sound a bit more egalitarian than ours. It was quite the shock to him having to learn to manage with our methods.”
Right. The significance of John meeting Greg had completely slipped Sherlock’s mind in all the excitement. He had scripted introducing them in his head.
“I would love that,” John said, smiling brightly. “I’ve wanted to do something like this with you for ages, but I doubted that you would ever want to.”
“I wish it could be that simple, but it’s too late. You’re already on his radar. Even if he lets you go, he will have you watched. He’s had me watched. He’s already been willing to sacrifice his relationship with me for my supposed good.”
The man stood and yanked off his clothes. Sherlock jerked back, wincing a he jarred his ankle. John’s eyes still sparkling with annoyance, he grabbed the skin from a desk at the other side of the room. He was actually going to put the skin on? What would that prove? Sherlock could hardly hallucinate on command. John draped the skin over his head, wrapping himself tight.
“I’ve decided to show you, anyway,” John said once Mycroft had returned, every bit as curious as before. He frowned in puzzlement at John’s announcement.
“I don’t think he meant anything by it. Though you would know better, of course. But… I think he wanted to make sure that I wasn’t treating this like some casual fling, which I’m not. That I understand your needs. I told him that we can figure that out on our own. That I’m taking this just as seriously as you are. That you’re important to me. And… yeah.”
“Yes. Exchanging weekends.” Mycroft cast a dubious glance around the flat. “You might want to clean up a bit. John likes things neat.”
“Since you’re injured,” Gregson said with that obnoxious hangdog expression he’d had since he found Sherlock hurt at John’s house. “I can probably convince the department to pay for an extra night.”
If only that could have lasted through the next day. Mothering Sunday was bound to bring unpleasant associations for the both of them. Doubly painful ones in John’s case. His mother had died when he was a teenager, then his family had ousted him like a piece of rotten rubbish. Sherlock didn’t feel like he had the right to complain about his own reluctance to celebrate his own mother with John looking so glum as they prepared breakfast that morning. He kept gazing wistfully out the window, sadness in his eyes, but Sherlock’s inquiries about his wellbeing resulted only in forced smiles and a halfhearted,
Inhaling deeply, Sherlock turned toward John and examined every detail of that face that had brought him so much surprising joy these last weeks. Just looking at him brought him comfort even now that his captivating eyes were shadowed with regret over Sherlock’s imminent departure. Three weeks they had shared together. Was it really too soon for this depth of feeling, like Mycroft had said? It did seem such a small number now. But Sherlock had never needed much time to determine when he’d met someone worthy of his attention. And John commanded far more than his attention.
John raised his hands to Sherlock’s face, rubbing his cheek. Sherlock grabbed his hand and held it tight, focusing on the feel of his skin to drag him out of the haze that had devoured his mind.
“Well, you did admit that you always assume you’re the smartest person in the room, which is hardly a humble thing to say.”
Sherlock considered for a moment, then raised his bow again. This piece was a bit melancholic for the present mood, but it was Sherlock’s best composition. Why not start with the best? He wanted to impress, after all. This time, his eyes remained closed throughout. Even stealing a peek at John’s reactions would disturb the flow of his playing to his utmost ability, and that would not do. He sank into the waves of the music, swaying as he glided the bow over the strings, dispelling the beating of the clock on the wall and the fridge in the kitchen, attuned only to the rhythm flowing through him and the feel of John’s gaze upon him, his silent, bated breath, his eager enjoyment of every sound that Sherlock coaxed from the instrument in his hands.
“That was exactly the ‘all that’ I was referring to,” Mrs. Hudson said, fixing Sherlock with a disapproving expression.
Sherlock scrunched his nose at the dust laden chair. With a long-suffering sign (please, as if Mycroft would have sat on a dusty chair), Mycroft left the room, returning in a couple of minutes with two folding chairs.
The words were out of Sherlock’s mouth before he even realized that he had formulated them. Mycroft looked back, surprised, and tilted his head with a gratified expression. John was looking at them, but Sherlock only saw him from the corner of his eye, his focus on Mycroft until John’s voice rang out.
Selkies did have doctors, after all, but they weren’t anywhere near as involved as their human counterparts. Selkies were hardier than humans, healed much more quickly, and were resistant to disease, so they didn’t have a need for the myriad of procedures that human doctors engaged in. John had been this sort of doctor before he joined the ranks of human medical students, so it had been a straightforward transition when he decided that living on land appealed to him more. He provided plenty of detail about the selkie lifestyle. About migrating for thousands of miles with the seasons just like the non-anthropomorphic seals did. Visiting distant shores in human form and blending in with the locals with the aid of secret catches of clothes and money set up by a haphazard network of selkies that spent more time on shore than most. John was not the only one who spent much of his time on land, yet he was still unusual in having preferred it for such a long stretch of time and for having made a career for himself in the human world. For most selkies, land visits were a holiday, a chance to engage their advanced minds in activities only possible in human form.
Sherlock’s eyes slid shut. Exhaustion dragged at every cell in his body. God damn it all. This was not how this call was supposed to go. He should have just texted and ignored Mycroft’s follow-up phone call. Why couldn’t he have done that? It would have been so much simpler. But no. He had to succumb to
“It’s good to see you, too,” John said, smiling back and shaking her hand. “I’ve been looking forward to speaking with you some more. Sherlock promised not to cut us off this time.”
“Of course not, but between believing in eldritch creatures or that I suffered a hallucination due to my head injury, only one of those is actually credible.”
John’s bittersweet smile matched the reluctance cloying inside Sherlock’s chest, but there was nothing to be done. Sherlock couldn’t stay here forever. Even if Mrs. Hudson wasn’t a consideration, Dover was far too tiny and safe for him to find any intellectual satisfaction. He needed to return to London, where interesting murders were rife and bountiful, and even the occasional burglary proved to be a fascinating puzzle worthy of his intellect.
“I don’t doubt Greg, Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft said. “I only want to make sure that he’s happy and not forcing himself to please me.”
“Well, yeah. Sherlock didn’t tell me anything. Don’t worry. Greg did tell me other stuff, though. I just wanted to know how you’re doing with all that.”
A slight blush crept up John’s face at that. Sherlock felt the increased warmth as John pressed their cheeks together in good-bye.
So Mycroft’s depressed mood was easily explained. He was in the midst of a significant life change. His best, and only, friend and bedmate was distancing himself from him and lowering Mycroft’s rank in his own life. Mycroft admonished himself for daring to hope that he, with his unwillingness to engage in romance even as a mere façade, could be enough for a man who desired these things.
“It’s going to take some time for all this to settle. You can’t expect me to process it and be completely fine from one day to the next. But I’m not going to run out. I can’t even run, anyway. So put that stupid idea out of your head. I already told you I’m not going to change my mind.”
“That it was, yeah,” John said, smiling back. “I haven’t bonded with a fellow shapeshifter in forever.” He turned to Sherlock with a smile. “And it was so good sharing it with you, too.” Sherlock’s heart warmed at the affection in John’s beautiful blue eyes. “I would love to do it again.” John looked between the two of them. “That is, if you want to. Either of you.”
His friend showed up a little after 2:30. John insisted that they be presentable and not look like they had just rolled out of bed, hair sticking up and clothes wrinkly. The temperature had taken a dip, making it more comfortable to cuddle with pajamas on instead of just pants.
“I should never have told him that. But he’s never going to get it. He’ll never consider the impossible.”
Soft footsteps padded on the floor, accompanied by the tapping of sharp claws on the floorboards. Under any other circumstances, Mycroft would have deduced that a dog was approaching. It being a werewolf would have been unthinkable. Greg, wolf Greg, poked his head through the door, shy, shifting on his feet. Four feet. His coloring was the same. A little more white on his muzzle and a little more black on his ears, but the same. Mycroft would have recognized Greg’s beautiful hair anywhere, even on a wolf. And those eyes gazing at him with a silent plea for acceptance, warm, brown eyes that he knew so intimately, how could they be any other than Greg’s eyes?
“Well, I uh… I kept asking how you had reacted to John being a selkie and Sherlock caught on that I was nervous about you finding out about me. You keep apologizing to me, but I’m really sorry, too. I should have trusted you more.”
Sherlock’s calves burned, feet stumbling on the pebbly beach as he gave chase, the burglar mere paces in front of him. Sherlock’s hunch had proved accurate, after all. He’d discovered the man in an abandoned shed by the coastline, his secret stash, and the thief had run off. There was no time to call in the police. Sherlock had rushed after him down the beachfront, his longer legs slowly catching up. Just a bit further and he could grab him. Just a little more.
“You’re tired of hoarding your secret in your lonely existence and were desperate to share it with someone, and you chose me because I was there. I was convenient. And wounded. You saved my life. I owe you my continued breath. That gives me a strong incentive to not betray you, as though I even would. I would be a laughing stock if I said anything of this. And you like my musical talent. Perhaps you even find me attractive.”
His words were slow, deliberate, begging for confirmation that he hadn’t just heard wrong. Did he want to have heard wrong? That would be easier. It would be a lot easier if Greg wasn’t a supernatural creature whose existence still didn’t make any logical sense according to every scientific scenario that Mycroft had devised.
“Sherlock tells me all sorts of things, too,” Mrs. Hudson said, “when I’m filling in for his skull.”
“It must have been something really bad for this kind of overreaction. You don’t have to tell me what it is,” John added quickly.
“Not all the officers in Scotland Yard are incompetent, after all,” he told Mycroft once, if a tad moodily.
He still didn’t dare broach the subject. She didn’t mention the mysterious “dog” hairs again, which was just as well. John could deal with it when he was here. Provide material proof. Maybe it would be better if Greg did it first. Mrs. Hudson had known him longer, so she had more trust in him. But would he do it? Sherlock needed to stop thinking about this. It was driving him mad. Even Mrs. Hudson noticed, which made everything worse.
At 6:13, John texted that he was on the way. Sherlock rushed downstairs (if hobbling along at an annoyingly slow pace could be called “rushing”), and met him in the lobby. Their evening was a sequel to the one before. John tended to Sherlock’s injuries, they ate dinner, and John answered Sherlock’s large backlog of questions. They watched pieces of the documentaries for analysis.
John got the position closest to Baker Street. He moved in a week later, bringing clothes, books, and far too many records to fit on the shelf that Sherlock had cleared for him. They were tripping over stacks of boxes while they figured out what they could move to make room. Several of Sherlock’s books were probably never going to be read again, so those could go. It was harder with his costumes, but now that John was living here, he really needed full use of his wardrobe, so Sherlock was forced to say goodbye to some pieces he hadn’t used in years. The space negotiations carried on for a couple of weeks, during which Sherlock was uncharacteristically glad not to have a case. He had no desire to see his promise to keep John at his side no matter the danger tested so soon. Not that he intended to break it, but in the interest of John’s safety, he might be compelled to do so. John might not be so forgiving a second time around.
“I didn’t get in the cab,” he said, not caring how helpless and small he sounded. John had never been angry at him before. Frustrated and annoyed, yes, but nothing like this. Greg sighed and swept a tired hand through his hair, his own anger draining out of him. Mrs. Hudson stepped forward, laying a hand on Sherlock’s arm, though he could derive little comfort from it.
Disappointment crossed his face. Why disappointment? Was he embarrassed that the case had been so easy, after all?
came out. Greg didn’t deserve that, even if it was probably true. Sherlock stepped towards the window as a pretense to turn his back to Greg and John.
“You’re sad at having to leave him. You wanted to stay longer, but duty to Mrs. Hudson brought you back. I didn’t need to see you to know that you were happy with John, but I’m glad to see it confirmed.”
“You’re making it very hard to side with you, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, peering at Sherlock with an exhausted look as she sat back and sipped on her wine glass.
It took only a few moments in Google to find a John Watson, MD in Dover. He was a GP at a surgery not far from Sherlock’s hotel. If it weren’t for the aching inconvenience of his ankle, Sherlock would have gone to see him first thing the next morning, but he found himself forced to call his office instead. He had already informed the front desk of his hotel that he, and not the police department, would be paying for the rest of his stay, the length of which remained undetermined. It was easy to convince John’s receptionist that he was a friend who had lost all his contacts after having his phone stolen, so could John please ring him back when he got the chance?
Which lasted all of six minutes, because this case really was absurdly basic. Honestly, how did the UK keep from descending into chaos with such a mediocre police force guarding it?
“We have a few days left before you leave,” John said. “We’ll just make the best of it. Besides, I’ll be visiting you in London five days after that, anyway. I haven’t been in ages. You’ll have to show me your favorite spots.”
However, Greg himself felt that awkwardness, so he spent the bulk of his socializing time with his other friends and family, including John and Sherlock. They had even gone to a pub quiz, along with Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft wasn’t sure whether he was glad or disappointed to have to miss it due to being buried in work. Really quite a handy excuse, even when it was true. He was very glad that this was not the case today. Greg and he had spoken regularly, but they hadn’t seen each other since he had come over after Sherlock’s own unusual visit. The fact that Greg was visiting now, with such little preamble, signified something, yet Mycroft hesitated to speculate on what. One week after finalizing a divorce was much too soon to jump into another sexual relationship unless it was a rebound, which this better not be. Perhaps Greg had been brought low by this emotional time and desired in-person comfort from Mycroft.
Sherlock sighed. Of course he needed to know. The idea was for him to become as intimately acquainted with the layout of his flat as Sherlock was with his house.
“Yes, so John explained,” Sherlock said, rubbing his fingers together in his lap. “I…” He looked down at the ground, the intensity of looking Greg in the eyes suddenly overwhelming, keenly aware that they had never been so open about their relationship before. “I do feel closer to you, too. I wish that it hadn’t taken me so long to realize what a good friend you are. Thank you.”
Sherlock balked for a moment at being viewed as entertainment, but the distraction seemed to be calming John a bit, and there was little that Sherlock enjoyed more than goading Mycroft, so he pushed on.
“Well, I’m glad you’re expanding your horizons. It is a fascinating subject. Werewolves, merpeople, fairies. It’s very fun to think about. Not that you would consider believing in any of that stuff.”
“You better not. Are we done now? Are you going to stop worrying for five minutes? Oh, and you better not threaten John with some hackneyed speech about if he hurts me you’ll make him suffer.”
Sherlock’s fingers shook as he pressed the right sequence of keys to call Gregson. Damn it all. It was only a selkie, not some dragon come to gobble him up.
“Monday. That gives us the weekend. Then I’ll leave in the morning so you can drive me to the station.”
“You might be right,” Greg said. Mycroft deflated in disappointment. “Okay. Look, I’ll call again, soon, okay? And let me know if you need anything. Don’t just do your stoic, stiff upper lip thing. Even for an Englishman, you take it too far.”
John called him the next evening while Mycroft ate his dinner, his usual Indian takeaway. It had become a habit of theirs to communicate regularly since John revealed his secret to him. Mycroft hasn’t been able to contain his curiosity, although he had backed off when he sensed that he was taking advantage of John’s good nature and irritating him by pressing too hard. John assured him that he was already used to the endless barrage of questions from Sherlock, but unlike his brother, Mycroft did have a sense of when he was imposing. Their conversations had tapered off in the last couple of weeks. John had told him all that he was willing to, and John had unburdened himself of his initial reactions to 221B Baker Street. As expected, he had been charmed by Mrs. Hudson and her homey abode, and horrified by the contents of Sherlock’s kitchen.
The next morning, Sherlock dove straight from the bathroom to his violin, ignoring his stomach’s pesky demand for food in favor of his favorite Mozart concerto. He released the joy thrumming in his blood in the form of a melodious harmony that vibrated in the air and his body as surely as if the violin were a part of himself. John descended the staircase halfway through, eyes soft with latent sleepiness and hair ruffled from the pillow, a warm smile on his face. Sherlock grinned and glanced at him now and again, happiness swelling to a fever pitch at the fond fascination in John’s eyes. When Sherlock lowered his bow, his skill was rewarded with an enthusiastic hug and face nuzzle. John even pressed little kisses on his jaw.
“This is why you allowed me to help you on the stairs,” John said, eyes sparkling, “even after you didn’t need it, didn’t you? So I would touch you.”
“No, don’t. It’s nothing. I was just thinking about my return to London. Which will have to be soon.”
“I should probably call him now and get it over with,” Sherlock said. “I’ll let you know when I’m heading back.”
“I’m letting you vent, which you clearly need to do. Would you rather I left you alone so you can talk to your skull, instead?”
“Tell me that, then.” John raised his right hand to Sherlock’s cheek. “I don’t want you to be uncomfortable.”
“I have to be upfront about something,” Mycroft said on their second date, for lack of a better word.
“Are you okay? It’s just me. This doesn’t change anything of who I am. You were fine with John. That’s what he said. Why don’t you sit down?”
“Sorry,” John said when Sherlock didn’t answer right away. “Was that too much? I know that people tend to use that to imply, you know, but I didn’t mean it like that.”
John’s smile diffused the tension that had been hunching his shoulders and heating his voice, even as it enhanced the lovely fire burning in his eyes. Sherlock gazed at him, fascinated in a way that had nothing to do with wonderment over selkie culture.
“And old ladies looking to chat up the handsome doctor in the only socially acceptable way that they can.”
As the notes carried to a close, Sherlock lowered his violin to his lap and bowed low, cheeks flushed from playing and the thrill of John’s applause.
“Now that I think about it,” Sherlock continued, “it’s quite handy being in a relationship with a doctor. Medical advice only a text message away. House calls whenever I want them.”
“Of course Sherlock would have,” Greg said. “You wanted to get some alone time with him, didn’t you? Play some mind games?”
“No. I’m not.” Greg winced a bit. “Okay, I do feel guilty, but I wouldn’t do this for just anyone. We’re friends. I’m showing you that you’re my friend and that I trust you. And you can trust me, even though it probably doesn’t feel like you can right now.”
They hugged. John had tried to be formal in his goodbye last time by awkwardly offering a hand to shake, but Mrs. Hudson had brushed it off and pulled him into a hug.
Greg left the room. Mycroft followed him with his gaze the whole way, imagining what he might look like in wolf form. It was probable that his coloring would be similar. A salt and pepper mix wouldn’t look amiss on a wolf. There hadn’t been any signs, had there? Not before now. Greg had been so careful to keep his secret under wraps, not that Mycroft would have ever suspected the possibility. His skepticism had been Greg’s shield against discovery. God, why had Mycroft frozen up like that when Greg revealed the truth to him? That fright in his face, the doubt that Mycroft might actually reject him, or worse, have him whisked away to be experimented on just like John had feared… How could Mycroft have let him suspect that Mycroft could treat him so poorly for even a second? Shock or no, he had erred and must make up for it. Yet the surprise still hadn’t left his system. His best friend, his only friend, the man who had shared his bed, who he held and comforted, who he loved, wasn’t human. Sherlock had known from the beginning that John wasn’t human, so he’d only had to adjust to the reality of shapeshifters, not to John himself being different. For Mycroft it was the opposite. Mycroft owed John even more than he’d known, for if he hadn’t already shocked Mycroft into incoherence with his own transformation, Greg might have never told him. And even if he had, he would have reacted poorly and scared Greg even more than he had today.
“You have a book on playing guitar. You would have at least one on singing, but you don’t. Your bookcase is arranged by subject. It’s unlikely that you have one elsewhere.”
Sherlock wasn’t fully convinced about that one or John’s judgment of it, but he could keep working at it, he supposed.
After hanging up the phone a while later, Mycroft poured himself a glass of rosé and put on a recording of Tchaikovsky’s Symphony No. 2, the symphony that Mycroft had taken Greg to see as a birthday treat. He sat in his favorite armchair in the siting room and sipped his wine, numb, throat clenching around a pain that he’d never experienced before and didn’t know how to quantify. He remained so until his glass ran dry and he got up to pour another. Then another. And so on until he was so inebriated that he got no further than the nearest sofa and a hastily grabbed cushion to sleep the rest of the night away, the recording having already looped back numerous times on auto play.
“Aren’t selkies supposed to be arrestingly beautiful or some such? I might be thinking of mermaids. I’ve deleted so much of this drivel.”
“It’s obvious. You and John smelled each other, probably reacted in surprise, and Sherlock noticed.”
“You don’t need to. I know you… I know you must think of me…” Sherlock swallowed, struggling to get the words out. “That way, at times.”
“Finally,” Sherlock said, hugging him and pressing their foreheads together, laying a kiss on his nose.
John scrunched his face in the manner of someone who desperately doesn’t want to say what they actually want to say. Oh, great. Mycroft had been right. Why did he have to suffer Mycroft being right?
“I’m not sure if that’s a good idea considering how well you two get along, but thanks for the offer. Listen, Sherlock, I didn’t mean to make you feel left out. I just didn’t want to make you uncomfortable, that’s all.”
He took a step back, leaning hard on his crutch, meeting John’s eyes with a smile to let him know that he had meant nothing serious by it.
Sherlock nodded jerkily. John was angry. Very angry. His voice wasn’t so gentle by the end. Not at all.
“I had a head injury,” Sherlock muttered, stopping before the car. John opened the passenger door for him, which was beside the curb. “And I was almost killed. I can hardly be blamed for not thinking at my best.”
“Of course. I would never hold that against him. It was a bit of a shock, I admit, but a pleasing one in the end.”
Sherlock clamped his mouth shut. He shouldn’t continue that thought. Shouldn’t have even begun it. John frowned at him, uncertain and shaky and a little scared. Sherlock’s whole body froze as he found himself captured by John’s inquiring eyes, shining with emotion and so very blue, the hue of the ocean deep that Sherlock had sought to convey in his song.
“Are we going to complain about Mycroft now? Please say yes. I’m dying to, but John and Mrs. Hudson are sick of hearing me go on about him.”
God, it felt good to get all that out. He was thirsty now. His mouth was dry from all that ranting. Completely well-deserved. Mycroft merited every single word of it. He seemed to know it, too, for he was gaping at Sherlock with a ridiculous look of shock on his face, speechless.
“Maybe. I can’t remember it happening, though. What happened to you in Dover? You stayed for three weeks after the case was over. Then you come back suddenly calling me by my first name. You made friends with the doctor who helped you, and you clammed up when I asked about him and asked me to come here to catch up on specific things. What are these specific things?”
No more proof was needed than his love for his little brother, who treated his desire to take care of him as an attack on his freedom and intelligence. When Sherlock had first grown addicted to the various cocktails of drugs that ravaged his body for years, Mycroft developed insomnia. His work performance, so important as a fresh face at the ministry, slipped and he needed a sleeping tablet prescription to be able to sleep at all. Sherlock invaded his every waking thought.
John nodded and made a friendly grunt. Sherlock lowered his hand. Thick, soft fur greeted him, exotic and wondrous. Sherlock’s face hurt from so much smiling. After a while, he forced himself to stop. This was John, not merely a cute animal. He had fully expected his request to pet him to be denied as too presumptuous.
“You wouldn’t be crowding me. Although I do have to recognize that I’ve never done this before, so I might be wrong, but I have been missing your presence while I sleep for a while now. So I don’t think I am.”
“Thank you, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, looking pleased that Sherlock had offered, even though it was her tea. And he did pour her a cup sometimes. Although not that often, admittedly.
Mycroft’s smile turned bittersweet. He had been the apple of his parents’ eye back then, a position that he had never realized how much he cherished until they had gaped at him in appalled disapproval when he had come out to them six years ago. They had made sure to erase the conversation from their minds since then, pretending that it had never happened, and increasing their maddening attempts at matchmaking. He must have been introduced to every “acceptable” upper class, single woman by now, none of which had been remotely compatible past a night or two in some cases. At least most of them were as annoyed by their own parents’ meddling as he was, so they could commiserate. Said intrusion in his private life had yet to taper off, even after dodging these dates for the last five months via the excuse of being busy with more important work matters. As much as it would ease his relationship with his parents if he actually became interested in one of these women, having his company procured for him stung. They still wouldn’t accept who he really was, in any case.
John shook his head, unintentionally nuzzling Sherlock’s nose as he returned to the eggs that he was frying.
No. It couldn’t be. If Sherlock had full use of his feet, he would be rushing across the room and pulling John into the kitchen to confirm that the insane thing that he seemed to be proposing wasn’t actually what he was proposing, not when he’d just escaped it by the skin of his teeth. But John was sitting beside Sherlock, his back to Mycroft, who had released his hold on the doorknob and was regarding them with an intense curiosity that Sherlock had been so looking forward to having go away.
But Sherlock didn’t want to skip any weekends. He wanted John with him at Baker Street, but it was much too soon to propose such a thing, even if that weren’t taking him away from the ocean, which he needed so badly. How could Sherlock ask him to abandon it for a flat in the midst of an urban jungle with only a river that you couldn’t swim in?
“No. Of course not. But that’s my point. If you want me to work cases with you, you need to let me be with you. Not just allow me to follow you around when it pleases you. And let me tell you when something you’re doing is not worth the risk, which this was most certainly not. Can you please let me do that? Please, Sherlock?”
Mycroft found himself crossing his arms before he was aware of it, a defensive, weak gesture, but the hell with it.
Aha! Gregory. He knew it started with a “g”. Sherlock made a special note of it in his mind palace. Lestrade’s name had never been important enough to remember, but it wasn’t worth people constantly rubbing it in his face. Shoving the matter out of his mind, he returned to his book.
It came sooner than he thought. During one of the obligatory romantic scenes, as the male protagonist had a tender scene with his girlfriend, who had just been teasing him for trying to rob all the credit for a joint venture, Greg’s breath hitched and his eyes watered. Soon, tears spilled down his cheeks and he sank his face in his hands, fierce sobs shaking his body. Mycroft looked away, debating which comforting tactic he should employ. He had been going over some in his head, yet now that the moment was here, he wasn’t certain which one he should chose. Greg had appreciated Mycroft touching him before, but he hadn’t been crying then. Perhaps Greg would prefer privacy under these circumstances. But if Mycroft simply left, Greg might take it ill and think him uncaring. There was only one way to proceed, really, just like there had been before.
The moment that John finished catching her up, Sherlock shot John a sharp, insistent look and jerked his head up.
“I didn’t think you were. That’s not why I… It was a stupid, instinctual reaction. I’m not used to people diving for my face like that. You were so upset and the thought entered my mind that you might kiss me.”
“Okay. I got another interview on Friday, by the way. This one for a surgery even closer to Baker Street.”
Sherlock stood stock still as the remaining police officers departed, save for his right hand tapping furiously on his thigh. John noticed. He took Sherlock’s other hand in both of his and held it with a firm pressure.
His post-John depression came crashing down again. How lovely to have a routine of misery to look forward to. But now there was another source of bother to distract him. Mycroft. His brother had gone from irritating to perplexing to intriguing in the space of a week. It was maddening. Yet Sherlock could not stop pondering their conversation on Sunday. Why was he fussing so much over Mycroft? He would be fine. He and Greg would get back together, Sherlock would strong-arm him not to fuck it up if he must. Somehow. And Mycroft would realize eventually that their parents were lost causes and that childhood nostalgia was best left in their mind palaces, to be visited never. It wasn’t worth the pain. Despite what Sherlock had told John yesterday.
Mycroft lowered his head, hesitating before speaking the words of confirmation that Greg both wished and didn’t wish to hear.
“Which makes you a giant to me. I’ve never met a selkie that tall. So I’m not short, I’ll have you know.”
Sherlock pointed at the dark pile that had been a seal a moment ago. John’s brows rose, scrunching in a frown of surprise and indecision.
“There’s a good restaurant a couple of streets from here,” John continued. “They serve you quickly. We’re going.”
Sherlock scooted forward, bending his knees when his feet pressed against the opposite side of the sofa. John noticed and moved as well, meeting him halfway in the middle cushion. Sherlock’s legs were draped in his lap, knees sticking up. John wrapped his right arm around Sherlock’s waist to support him, the gesture so habitual by now that neither needed to ask.
Mycroft felt the cliff tremble under feet, his toes dipping past the edge into the abyss. He swallowed, shaking his head.
“This is nice,” he said, smiling at the pride flags on the desk. “Very nice. It’s bigger than I was expecting.”
“As much as I would love to continue hugging you, I’m starved.” John leaned back, smirking mischievously. “And the sooner we eat, the sooner we can go up to bed.”
Sherlock looked up, taking a good look at Greg for the first time since he’d come in. He was tired from his workday. The stain in his shirt cuff was almost gone. He must have noticed it and washed it off. And he looked decidedly annoyed and disappointed by Sherlock’s last comment. Why was everyone disappointed with him today? Granted, it had only been Mycroft and Greg just now, but it was very off-putting. Although what Sherlock had said had been a bit rude, now that he thought about it. But nothing that Greg wasn’t used to. Sherlock pursed his lips. Today was hard enough. Why did people have to keep making it even harder?
“Sherlock has always been willful beyond a fault. He’s not likely to change, not even for John. Although his presence does seem to be having some effect, at least.”
“That’s not what I’m saying. But perhaps it might be wise that his first impression of your flat not include running into a jar of eyes while he’s looking for the milk.”
“Oh, he seems wonderful. A handsome one, too. And a doctor. How nice. Might be a stabilizing influence for you.”
Mrs. Hudson cast him a disapproving glance as she reached for her coat inside the wardrobe by the back door. She was taking Sherlock out to a chamber music concert to cheer up his spirits while he missed John, although his mood had gotten a lovely boost yesterday. He had even managed to get out of the house and to Barts to conduct experiments on dead tissue.
Sherlock would never get tired of seeing John look down shyly like that, pretty smile widening, a faint blush turning his ears pink. John stepped forward and pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s for a moment.
“Greg, please stop apologizing for everything. I don’t blame you for having a lie-in while feeling terrible. I knew there was a possibility that you wouldn’t be able to come down right after I made it. I can reheat it easily enough and make you fresh eggs.”
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said, recuperating a bit from his strop under John’s gentle touch. “I won’t tell him that you secretly think that I’m prettier.”
“What are you laughing at?” Mycroft said. “Like you accepted the existence of fairies with calm composure.”
“Okay. Um, you really should tell the police where we are. We’ve kept them in the dark about that for a long while. Won’t it look suspicious?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. His instinct was to dismiss Mycroft’s apology out of hand as disingenuous or self-serving, but he was being so earnest and weird. Sherlock shifted in his seat, not knowing what to do with himself.
His voice brimmed with bitter sarcasm, like not believing in selkies was the truly preposterous thing.
“I’m glad I live up to your exacting standards,” he drawled, glancing at the open buttons below Sherlock’s throat. “Do you even own a tie?”
Mycroft sighed, as if Sherlock were being so stupid. Sherlock wrapped his hands on the sheet, gripping it in tight fists.
John didn’t look convinced. Sherlock had the sudden urge to smooth out his worried frown with his fingers and soothe him with his touch.
The next afternoon, John returned home to find Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson sitting on the armchairs, while Mycroft and Greg sat together on the sofa, pressed snugly together. John paused by the door, smiling at the assembled group in surprise.
Through the day and evening, Mycroft continued to observe John and Sherlock with careful study that wasn’t anywhere near as subtle as he thought. It was annoying, but Sherlock had long ago learned how to ignore Mycroft’s scrutiny. At least he was calmer by the end of the night, no longer tensing at every move John made.
They settled, Sherlock’s left cheek to John’s right, breathing in unison. Sherlock’s heart still thundered in his chest, overwhelmed and amazed at what was happening.
Sherlock hugged him more tightly, frowning at the memory of the completely unwelcome emotional turmoil that had ensued courtesy of the surprisingly sentimental décor in Mycroft’s house. He had returned home too late last night to call John. A few replies to his texts here and there hadn’t been anywhere near good enough for comfort. Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson had a bit more time on her hands, but even she had only indulged him for a half hour before apologetically saying that she had to cut the call short, as she and Marge were going out for lunch. Why was dealing with Mycroft always so difficult? He used to be wonderfully predictable. A little guilting, and money and favors came out, not heart-wrenched apologies and deep-seated shame that made Sherlock feel bad in turn.
He closed the door behind them and a minion quickly stepped in to guard it. Mycroft led him to a room two doors down. It was empty save for a desk shoved against the wall and an old computer chair.
“Me, too. I like John. He’s a good chap. I always got on well with selkies. As much as Sherlock needed someone, I think John was lonely, too. I can’t imagine what it must be like for him with his family situation.”
“I’m only mythological,” John raised his right hand in sardonic air quotes, “because humans decided to ignore what was right in front of your noses because it didn’t fit their narrow-minded point of view.”
Should Mycroft tell him? Probably. But Sherlock wouldn’t be pleased about the subterfuge, and was there even a point in telling him when Greg was no longer sharing his bed?
John stared at him, surprised. Sherlock mentally shrank back. He’d miscalculated. John hadn’t brought up the matter himself because he didn’t want to.
“I suppose I did. I didn’t want to interfere in his future happiness. People who want children tend to be rather miserable if they can’t have them.”
“I would never think that,” Greg said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezing lightly, his gaze as earnest as it had ever been. “You know that, right?”
A flash of memory came to Sherlock of Victor sleeping on the sofa in their old flat. He had been too tired to shut off the telly and crawl into his own bed, so Sherlock had done it for him. Yet he had remained, spellbound, to watch him sleep. Victor’s hair had spilled across his forehead, just like John’s did now, clean and soft. Sherlock had been tempted to reach down and touch. Just for a second. Not long enough for Victor to notice, but he didn’t. He shouldn’t. Not without Victor being aware of it. Sherlock had no right to touch him like that in his slumber.
He rocked back and forth in his chair, face sunken in his hands, a muffled scream screeching in his throat.
“I’m sure,” Mycroft said, “that Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson are doing their best to make up for their absence. Sherlock tells me that she has taken to him like a proud mother-in-law.”
John showed Sherlock upstairs. It wasn’t the easiest proposition with Sherlock’s ankle, but he was strong enough that he could stand firmly upon it without too much pain. As long as he climbed only with his left foot and descended only with his right, he should be fine. John insisted on helping him regardless. Normally, Sherlock would have been peeved by this, but he found himself unable to resist the soft pressure of John’s steading hand on his upper arm, so he wasn’t about to discourage him by pointing out that he could manage on his own. The upper floor consisted of two bedrooms, one of which John used as his study. They were sparsely furnished, containing only the essentials. A desk, chair, and file cabinets for the study, and a bed and side tables for the bedrooms. The rest of the space was taken up with books. It seemed that Sherlock had been wrong about the downstairs shelves containing his full collection, although there were no more books on music to be found upstairs, so that portion of his deduction had been correct, at least. Like the rest of the house, framed artwork decorated the walls, along with a print of a 16th century map of the world. Its blue inked oceans were festooned with fanciful drawings of fierce monsters and merpeople.
“Yes, Greg brought his cousin’s dog. It’s a husky. He was dog sitting for the weekend. You don’t mind, do you?”
His mobile beeped with a text message. Mycroft reached for his phone quicker than he ever did for a work text.
There were still so many irritating behaviors that John hadn’t seen, that Sherlock had been too cautious to reveal, but this was hardly an incentive to do so now.
“That’s part of the secret, is it?” he said, smiling again. “Never mind, then. I’ll have the documents ready by this evening. Apologies for the rude interruption to your day, Dr. Watson. I’ll have your car brought here. Good day to you both.”
Sherlock hung up the phone and turned back to Greg and John, both of whom had their arms crossed over their chests and looked as awkward and weird abut all this as Sherlock felt.
Sherlock closed his eyes and pushed Mycroft out of his mind. He wanted to enjoy John without worrying about his brother. He tucked himself into a ball, face pressed to John’s chest, toes touching John’s shins, one arm folded on his belly with the other wrapped around his waist. John held him silently, curling his body around him.
“It’s not random. I have an order, too, just not the sort that you would notice. And that sounded like a complaint.”
Sherlock’s next words dried in his throat. He snapped his mouth shut, clutching his crutches in an iron grip, refusing to look away from Mycroft’s bitter gaze. Curse Mycroft for being right. Once he got on his moral high ground, there was no getting him off it. He would never back off and let John go, not until he got some answer that he could live with, and Sherlock’s couldn’t for the life of him think of any that would satisfy Mycroft’s dogged persistence.
His mobile rang, but instead of the soothing melody that Sherlock had composed for John, the dissonant chords of “God Save the Queen” rang out. Sherlock groaned. Must he really be obligated to speak to Mycroft twice in one day?
The last five days without his presence had been agony. Not that he’d expressed it like that when anyone asked, as he didn’t want to be accused of being melodramatic, but how else to describe the constant yearning for John’s touch, which couldn’t be satisfied no matter how long their video calls became? Had Baker Street always been this silent? Mrs. Hudson puttering around downstairs and popping in and out of his flat were familiar, welcome distractions. He found himself sitting on her sofa all of Thursday night watching rubbish telly while she taught him how to knit, simply because he couldn’t take another second of fixing up the spare bedroom upstairs while wondering if John would prefer blue bedsheets or green. Or if he really meant it when he told Sherlock not to alter anything about his flat just because Sherlock thought it might please him. Or whether he should move his telly so that he could put his second armchair in front of it in case John would like to sit there facing him. How was he going to manage another week of this? And another? And another?
“Thanks,” he murmured after a while, breath hot and broken on Mycroft’s skin before he pulled away, rubbing the tears off his face.
Sherlock stepped into her outstretched arms, sinking happily into her affectionate hug, a smile growing on his face.
Mycroft strove to shake the notion out of his mind, but it was no use. He wasn’t even able to seek the dignity of being fully dressed should this unfortunate event ensue. But Greg wouldn’t disappoint his hope with such little warning, surely? Unless he had come to the sudden realization and wished to disabuse Mycroft of any hope as swiftly as possible.
Sherlock hopped onto his feet and rushed upstairs as quickly as he could, which still wasn’t very fast at all, but John held his hand to make up for it. They stripped down to their pants again and lied down on the bed, this time with John in front while Sherlock curled himself around his back. He tried laying his right leg over John’s, but his injured ankle protested the position, so he had to put it back down on the mattress. Due to John’s smaller frame, Sherlock was able to tuck his head under his chin and nuzzle the top of it with his nose. John grabbed Sherlock’s right hand with both of his and massaged his fingers. John’s warm presence felt heavenly. Sherlock could lie here forever and be content.
He only partly meant it, for his lips were threatening to curl up at the sweet sight of a sleepy John.
“So this is your brother, then?” John asked, as casually as if they had all run into each other on the street.
Alright, he’d say something, but it would be awkward and unpleasant for everyone. At least this mental rigmarole served as a distraction during the cab drive, for only a minute after he arrived at that conclusion, they also parked in front of 221 Baker Street. Sherlock paid the driver and got out, suitcase and violin case in hand.
“I’m glad you told me,” John said. He smiled in reassurance, a tense, wan thing. “And I’m very glad that you’re better now. And that you have a brother that’s there for you. I know that you two rub each other the wrong way and that he oversteps a lot. I probably shouldn’t be commenting on it.”
The wheels turned behind Mycroft’s eyes as he peered at John, who stared back at him with steady determination, only betraying a bit of his fear now. Mycroft took longer to reply than normal, finally out of step, his mounting confusion so delicious that Sherlock would be grinning if this weren’t so important.
“When you stop chasing after criminals without any backup, any protection other than your over-inflated ego and your stupid assumptions that you’re invincible. If John hadn’t happened to be swimming by at exactly the right time, you would be dead. By your own admission. So don’t you dare argue with me. You replaced one addiction with another, and it’s just as likely to get you killed.”
His tone was one of measured cheer, the kind one adopted when speaking to someone who was upset and needed cheering up. Was that what he thought Mycroft needed? Sherlock had promised to keep what Mycroft told him to himself, but now that Greg and John were friends, Greg might have felt the need to unburden himself with his new friend. The fact that John knew Mycroft as well would certainly make matters easier to explain.
Sherlock puffed up with affronted pride. Mycroft braced himself for an explosion of anger and victimization, but Sherlock only pouted, narrowing his eyes in displeasure, and sank back into the kitchen, muttering. Mycroft stared at the space that he used to occupy in shock.
“Oh, I won’t bother you with that. I prefer to form my own impressions. Although I think that he was exaggerating when he called you the British government.”
“She’s known Greg for years and hasn’t suspected. I don’t mind her knowing, really. We can ease her into the subject if you’re worried about her reaction. I won’t just spring it on her like I did with you, I promise.”
“You are. Look, perhaps I am a little overzealous. I’ll back off. I can’t judge your relationship with John. Maybe two weeks isn’t too little, after all. I’d say something about his not being human bringing potential complications, but what do I know? I want you be happy. If you believe nothing else I say, believe that. Please.”
Anxiety over his predicament had robbed Sherlock of his appetite, but he stopped himself short of refusing John’s offer. Something about the bond of breaking bread with this intriguing being enticed him.
“Oh, stop gawping at me like that,” Sherlock said. “I’m not going to drag you to Mycroft so that he can lock you up in a government facility and experiment on you. You can tell me.”
They returned to the sitting room to get dressed. Fishing his mobile out of his coat, Sherlock texted Angelo to reserve him a table for two, then he pulled up the restaurant website for the menu.
He left for the kitchen, which was just across the sitting room, visible through an open doorway, so Sherlock could see him moving about. While he waited, Sherlock took another look around the sitting room, but the only change from yesterday was a discarded teacup on the side table next to an open box of biscuits. Chocolate chip. A control remote lied atop it. John had indulged in comfort food and telly last night. It might be a habitual activity, but given his desperation to make Sherlock’s acquaintance it hardly seemed coincidental. There had been no disregarded biscuits there yesterday. And he’d slept badly. Sherlock’s rejection had been a rude shock. He had stayed up late zoning out on telly and biscuits before falling asleep on the sofa, probably grabbing the afghan draped over the back at some point in the night, too tired or depressed to go upstairs to bed. The cushion that now propped up Sherlock’s back had been wedged against the opposite end when he sat down, bearing a distinct head print.
If John’s family had ever tried to reach out despite his banishment, he would have mentioned it. The hurt nostalgia pinching his face as he glanced away confirmed that they had not. Mycroft might be irritating, but at least he was there when Sherlock needed him. John’s whole family had deserted him, the cold bastards. Sherlock tugged down John’s head and pressed their foreheads together.
appeared at the bottom of the thread. The dots popped up. Then vanished. Grunting, Sherlock stood up and paced around the room. The dots appeared again. And disappeared again. Sherlock switched apps, about to call Greg when the man finally replied.
“Somewhere to sleep. If I even can sleep. Probably for longer than tonight. Distraction. I know action moves aren’t your thing, but I may have to commandeer your telly and gorge myself on some. Anything to numb my brain.”
Until that satisfaction turned sour, that is, for only a year and a half passed before the promise of future joy was under threat. Children, the reason above all others why Greg had been compelled to look elsewhere for companionship, might not be in the picture. Greg tried to stay hopeful as he confessed that they were seeing fertility doctors, yet his dread that it might not work loomed large in his anxious eyes. Mycroft acutely felt his pain. While he was not a fan of children, the thought of small versions of his kind and noble detective wasn’t disagreeable. And if Greg couldn’t have children, what had been the point of all this? But Mycroft mustn’t be so selfish. There might have been other reasons why Greg preferred not to keep him as a primary companion. Susan was certainty more suited to him in more respects than just this. As to his own feelings, Mycroft concluded that they weren’t so romantic, after all, and that he had only been confused because his particular dynamic with Greg had been so new to him. That was all. He hoped, both in word and thought, that the difficulties that Greg and Susan faced weren’t insurmountable.
“Oh thank God.” He looked back down at the book. “This was probably a waste of money, but I wanted to make sure I didn’t miss anything.”
They lied like this until John needed to get up to eat something before bed. Sherlock wanted to stay up longer, but John had been awake since 6 am, so he needed an early night. Sherlock chickened out of asking to sleep together again before John shifted into his seal form and stretched out on the sofa, too lazy to go upstairs.
