John didn’t answer right away, checking her thoroughly. “Bluebell. Bluebell. Kirstin.” He snapped his fingers to get her attention. “Come on, you’re in there.”
“They didn’t. A lot of Shifters died there. It was easy enough to sell one more. I was the smallest Shift there, honestly I wasn’t expected to survive many of their tests.”
“I snuffed up today, but it was a mistake. I made mistakes today. There can be a balance if either of us are compromised somehow.”
“Yeah, that takes a while to get used to. You might have proper hands still, but you don’t have the right vocal chords to speak. Too bad you’re not a parrot, hm?”
“I think he just didn’t want to assume.” John told the spirit, though it just stuck up it’s nose in reply. “She wants more compensation, and she said something about a heron…”
“Couldn’t wait to play around with your kin?” The butler looked past John to Strel, who was halfway done changing and in her undershirt and pants. “Or something rather more sinister perhaps?”
Sherlock changed rails, prodding for the answer. Why couldn’t John just say it? “But you worry I won’t bring you with me on cases anymore.”
Though the ruse was tiresome and the party much, much too loud, Sherlock slid into the social circle with ease. It was not the first time, though usually it was to trade a favor or because of blackmail courtesy of Mycroft.
Sherlock, as he restrained the first guard carefully with the chains they’d evidently brought for John, heard the second guard chuckle at John’s threat. Sherlock’s lips curled up when the laughter was abruptly cut off by a smacking noise, then a horrid crack.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at that and an odd sensation he hadn’t felt before itched behind his navel and in the back of his esophagus. He tapped his fingers on his leg, thinking on the nickname, and turned back to the desk just before Faas returned with the slides.
Sherlock deepened his frown. “What are you expecting me to say.” He looked over John’s face, his body language, and realized something. “You’ve had this conversation already, in your head. I don’t need to be here for it.” He moved past John to look around more, but John caught his arm.
The voice right behind them changed to a low, demanding hiss and John felt like it was reaching into his spine with cold, ethereal claws as they entered the ring of mushrooms, the light fading quickly around them.
Finally coming back, John focused on Sherlock’s face and lightly took his hand back. “You haven’t properly explained what happened. But I got the impression you didn’t go looking for this. You’re an excellent actor, but I believed you when you told me you wouldn’t. So… did you? Did you get yourself cursed on purpose?” John’s voice was level; stern but calm. He didn’t think Sherlock was guilty of breaking his promise, but he also wasn’t entirely certain.
Sherlock crouched to look at her more carefully. “Extraordinary. Almost no distinguishing traits to set you apart from any natural rabbit.”
Just before he went inside the lodging, he caught a glimpse of what could be the sylph from Ireland. He put that aside for the moment and walked in. Sherlock was in the waiting area, spinning what John assumed was their room key on his finger. He came over and took John’s bag without a word, and took off at a quick walk past the lobby and down a hall.
He put both of his hands on the table, on either side of his phone. His eyes were shut and he was concentrating on his breathing.
“Right, well. I’ll be off.” The DI scratched the back of his neck and turned to John. “Take care, and just ring me up if you need anything.”
He looked over at Sherlock, who had opted out of his usual coat for osprey body armor to match the one John and the rest of the team wore. They weren’t going in first, but John was to be close behind the first team. He was the only one who knew definitively which people there were hostile and which were victims, and he’d assigned himself to be chief medical officer on this mission. They’d sent another army doctor and a couple of veterinarians in case any Shifters were unable to shed in the confusion, but those three wouldn’t come in until the place was secured and safe.
He learned a bit as he listened to them blather the morning away, such as this lady’s eccentric, somewhat famous mother who had inherited both this and another castle in Switzerland from her parents, and other stories of the things she’d said and done. It wasn’t until just before noon something actually interesting was said, though.
she hissed quietly, “yeah I know you have it, I pay attention to your stupid cases with that giant arsehole.” She waved her arm in Sherlock’s direction. He took a sip of his coffee. “All to convince yourself you’re not just some kid anymore, powerless, but let me tell you-”
John has wandered while Sherlock was on a case. Lestrade and Bluebell try to help find him, whilst still trying to find a way to break the curse keeping him as the warrah.
. A handful brought a little cheer back with stories of acceptance and support. It made him think of Sherlock’s reaction… it was too soon to tell which sort his own story would be.
“I intend to break the curse, therefore there is no use learning it.” Sherlock strode on, behind the house, only stopping when they reached the fence.
Sherlock had yet to release John, who was now still. His muscles were tensed and ready, but he didn't realize the emitter was off. There were two reasons the detective kept his hold; to keep still and unnoticed while he worked out their escape, and the other was floating in the back of his mind. He wasn't entirely clear on it, he'd have to come back to it later…
Although he knew John was making a joke, Sherlock didn’t appreciate it. “That isn’t…” He squeezed his lips together. “Can you stand?”
His detective turned away again, mumbling to himself. “This wouldn’t happen if you read my website…”
John drank his tea, knowing if he laughed it would ruin their cover. It took a lot of self control, and clearing his throat, before he felt safe putting the cup back in it’s saucer.
“It’s…” John stopped as he finally sat down and was close enough to smell her… no Shifter in the air, just an ordinary rabbit. “Sherlock, why do you have that?”
John came over and continued checking Bluebell. “So that’s your brother, hm? You’re not responsible for him. What do you think he was doing in here?”
“You've been more than patient. Thank you.” He said, keeping his voice down to avoid attention, should there be any of their abductors about.
It was the first time Sherlock had seen that kind of self-loathing in John, and now he’d crossed the line and done exactly the thing he knew for a fact John wouldn’t abide. He shut his eyes, the scene so vivid as it had been playing since John had left London to fetch him.
John smirked. On the way back, Sherlock had gone into great, unsolicited detail about how he couldn't deduce which Mycroft would go after, because he didn't pay attention to the vast array of connections his brother kept. That, and they'd stopped to grab something to eat at the airport. Apparently Mycroft hadn't banked on something as pedestrian as their getting peckish.
“Eleven inches. And you are not skilled at putting aside your physical needs.” Sherlock frowned deeply, looking down at John. Who fisted and unfisted his left hand.
“John, I have to let go. Just with my left hand.” Sherlock huffed, squinting and ducking his head. One of the deeper scratches on his head dripped a thick line of dark red down his nose.
“I’ve never seen a shift like that.” John spoke softly, with deep concern. “It looked as if your body didn’t know what to do. Jesus…” Now that they were somewhere safe, John took a good hard look at the animal Sherlock had become, but he couldn’t place it. “... what are you?”
The clicking of expensive shoes heralding the new arrival put them on edge, all save John. John was fucking
. Only in retaliation or by mistake. But what was Sherlock like as a boy, he wondered. Faas snapped him back to reality as he continued.
John turned to Sherlock but pointed to the brunette. “Who is this?” He turned swiftly to her as well. “Who are you?”
John’s expression morphed from confused and concerned to a furrowed concentration as he worked over the information. God, had he really forgotten? It seemed impossible, enough to make Sherlock’s lips twinge downward in disapproval despite himself.
. Your presence bleeds into the rest of my surroundings and I can ignore you as easily as anything.”
Kar was distracted just long enough for John to rush forward and grab the gun, Sherlock close behind, and two shots rang out in the enclosed space of the front hall.
When Sherlock didn’t reply, Lestrade huffed and sat down. “An old mate from school, played rugby with me, called me out of the blue last night. He has an… odd problem. At his wit’s end. Didn’t know what to do. I asked him to write it all down and send it over, that I could get in touch with the famous Sherlock Holmes. An hour ago he was asleep on my sofa and I had that.” He pointed at the paper, which was now hanging loosely from Sherlock’s hand at his side as he stared at nothing. He was obviously deep in thought.
But he started walking away towards the shore, and John picked up his cane and their case and hurried after.
You sure can try. If I don’t respond, it’s not you 90% of the time, I have like four different anxiety related diagnoses. Not kidding.
“Uh.” John rubbed behind his head. She was asking a question he had become familiar with, but from the other side of things. “Nothing good has happened to me from being… Fae. Or part Fae, or whatever we are. The most important things in my life have been from humans.”
John looked up in alarm, and a tinny yelp escaped him. While he’d been distracted, out of sight came another shot, and John felt the needled head dig into his pelt. Panic flooded him as he watched the vehicle rock and finally stop only about ten yards away from him. He could smell the blood, the familiar blood of Sherlock Holmes.
Tilting his chin down, eyes narrowing just a touch, John Watson was able to look extremely dangerous despite his small stature and light hair. “You disgust me.” He replied, tone strong while still quiet. Then he slid out of the car, not bothering to close the door before he walked into 221 behind Sherlock.
The lighthouse, a bright orange wooden structure made mostly of driftwood by knowledgeable men of the craft, could be seen far off. There were no trees to speak of, nor anything else around to block off the view of it. At the base of it stood a figure, and Sherlock also noticed the flicker of someone sucking on a cigarette on the balcony above. Both walked around the building and out of sight, though it was before John could know if they’d been seen. Sherlock was certain they had been.
“I don’t want to hear this, it won’t make a difference when it really matters.” John took the stairs two at a time, desperate enough to get away from this fight that he hurt his leg badly. He didn’t care. He just wanted to take off the brace, shower and
“You may be surprised to learn, I’m quite versed with petty bullying.” Sherlock answered dully, pulling shell off his scarf.
“Don’t let yourself be taken somewhere I cannot follow. Here.” Sherlock withdrew just long enough to take the glove off that hand before offering it again. “John.”
Hey folks, I guess it’s pretty apparent seeing as I haven’t updated in a [insert comical amount of time], but I figured I should maybe answer some possible questions here.
As Lestrade shrugged on his coat, he took another look at the animal that was Sherlock Holmes. The question had been tugging at him and if he didn’t ask now... “What is he?”
John swallowed. Lying would set the bogle on him. Telling the truth would incriminate Sherlock. He decided staying silent, though damning in it’s own way, was his best bet.
“I don’t care how you know I want to shift. I will tell you, it’s extremely rude unless you’re another Shifter, or immediate family.”
“Doctor Watson, actually.” John corrected coldly, striding over to check on Bluebell. He didn’t like how this kid had loomed over her.
John quickly changed and crawled in for a few hours before whatever conflict of the morning started, and as he reached to click off the lamp, he saw a little saucer of cream on the sill. A light breeze flowed in past it. John smiled and turned off the lamp.
After that, John dozed on and off as Sherlock practiced a few simpler pieces, until finally his meds began to wear off enough for the chair to become very uncomfortable to sleep in.
Mike chuckled and clapped him on the back, sending him off. He watched the two light-headed chaps meander off towards Baker Street with a little shake of his head, then turned to catch the tube.
Rising with nothing more than a strict face left to convey anything, he took her shoulders and led her like a machine off to her room. He left behind his phone.
suitcase) had been moved to the table at the foot of the bed, the lights had been dimmed, and Sherlock was gone.
There had been no alerts from Mrs H while he was gone, so he was fairly certain there was no change, and without an idea as to the substance used there was no way to safely lessen her body’s sudden drop in whatever experimental drug Moriarty and his people had been testing on her.
, Sherlock. I’m talking about people being kept prisoner. If we can do something to help, that’s our priority.”
Bluebell’s voice rang in his head. She had been quite astute in seeing things in Sherlock most didn’t, likely because she didn’t think of him as some kind of robot or malicious force playing around. She saw him as he was; human.
you only avoided it because you’d only done it a bit as a kid, you developed not having to. A lot of Shifters who try ta live the way you’ve been end up shifting
“You ruined him, you know.” The gleeful voice whispered, his lips brushing John’s ear. Then the fingers cutting off his air loosened and gently caressed his bruised skin as they withdrew. “I think I’d prefer you in chains after all… some rich alchemist’s toy… What do you think, Johnny? Would that failure burn him more than a merciful death?”
Huffing, Sherlock pulled John around to face him and leaned in so John could smell the sugary coffee on his breath. “John.” He said again, percussively into his face.
She seemed taken in by all of Sherlock’s peacocking, though once she saw John she frowned. “I’m afraid I was not expecting company…” She began, before Sherlock jumped in.
When she lifted the cover off, John smirked. The cook had arranged her breakfast (which included way too much bacon for any reasonable human being) into a union jack. Using mostly berries and whipped cream.
“Here.” Sherlock tossed him a small black cylinder, which John managed to catch one handed.  He pocketed it as he started off behind the detective, who was already walking towards the outskirts of town.
Bluebell narrowed her eyes a touch and uncrossed her legs slowly. Then she crossed them again, the other way around. “I’m here out of her sympathy, and neither of us is likely to ever see the doctor again.” This wording made Sherlock internally flinch. “She’s alive, I’m sure, but not in this country any longer, maybe even in the UK at all. I wouldn’t know. All I know is they’ve moved her, and when they do that… you’re gone. I’m, as I am certain you can tell, from Canada. I can’t go back, either. It’d be suicide to try.”
“Oh don't be like that, you were half asleep. My device doesn't interfere with that type of plane, it didn't matter if I used it.”
Sherlock finally makes it home, albeit briefly. Mrs Hudson recounts something from her past. Bluebell is helpful. Mycroft gets pissy.
John could hear her unfolding the paper, and breathed out when he realized she was reading it. “How are you… shedded?”
Sherlock gave John another half a minute of gawking before leaning back to get comfortable. “She has been my accomplice thus far. Since my regular one was abducted.”
Chuckling, Kar shook her head. “Yeah. Getting a straight answer without a trade is very unlikely. Even then, they mostly enjoy riddles.”
“Naw. Still hates me. An’ I can’t say I approve’a the way he drags along his girlfriend either.” Faas frowned and took a scone.
And there she was, when he lifted away the curtain of weaved satin around the four poster bed. She was sat in the middle, right between the pillows, in a floof off white and pink and lace and ribbon, her toes pointed at the ceiling. Exactly as a doll in presentation.
“What is this?” Sherlock asked coldly, eyes running over John’s actions. He of course knew what was happening, but the why…
“Ma Belle, I think I’d like to see you fight Doctor Watson there. His holier than thou attitude is annoying.”
“I’m sure.” Sherlock returned, a note of sarcasm there, before he leapt down onto the grass on the other side.
John frowned, not wanting to bother with such a task. “Brush teeth, pajamas…” He murmured to himself as he heaved himself up on his cane and walked away to do what he needed.
“Thank you for watching over her.” He removed his hand and opened his bedside drawer to retrieve a pair of surgical gloves. “I can take it from here.”
Sherlock put his hand over the strings to interrupt the reverb and stood, replacing the instrument in it’s case. “One explanation is she’s using her own power.”
Sherlock grit his teeth, his focus manic on making certain he wouldn’t shift during this conversation or make a fatal mistake or expose John to the danger he’d unwittingly brought down on them… but championing all of it was the echoing memory of John’s voice, dark and dead serious,
Sherlock had emerged from a wall panel after scoping out the rafters for a better vantage, cursing himself. The auction had started about twenty minutes ago and he was very swiftly running out of time. His best bet now was to hide backstage near the curtain and wait for John to be brought from wherever he was for the block. Mrs Hudson’s contact, who had been a portly jolly African man with connections that would put Mycroft to shame, had assured him the Warrah Shifter was slated for this auction. It was amongst the bill of rare Shifters to be sold that day.
Home was a concept John had accepted when he’d stopped looking for it elsewhere, somewhere ‘normal’... when he had finally ceased dating any woman who’d have him.
Bluebell’s mouth curled on one side, and she raised a hand to stifle a snicker. Since his lips were hidden behind his hands, only the lines on Sherlock’s face gave away his deepening frown. “Oh, no. I have no illusions that I’m on any of the same levels as Sherlock Holmes. I am, in some fields, much more intelligent than you.” She spoke quickly, as he started to jump on that. “Not in any way you’d find important. Social intelligence, emotional intelligence. Those sorts of things. I’m smart enough to follow your train of thought, and smart enough to know I couldn’t figure out the same sorts of problems alone. I’m not trying to compete, Mr Holmes. But without the reliable Dr Watson as a barometer, I have to look between the lines of your less developed senses myself. K often spoke of you, as you know, and that looking at you on John’s blog, and looking at you on your own… were vastly different experiences.”
John could see the bogle above them, the burlap seeming to raise off its face… but it was actually that its jaw was lowering, opening to reveal several rows of long needles where teeth would be.
Cracking one eye to look at John without moving anything else, Sherlock decided he’d been correct initially. “No problems then, with the investigation?”
“No, nothing that dramatic. The reason I’m getting it like this…” John opened the case to show the DI a couple IV bags full of a transparent liquid. “It’s just saline, but it’s not like I can get delivery for it.”
“Possible? Are you really in a position to say that?” Sherlock sighed and walked swiftly over. He pulled a pin from his coat and made quick work of the simple lock. He pushed it open. It didn’t squeak. “If you’re so keen on seeing for yourself…” He made a gentleman’s gesture and John gave him an odd look. But he had to see.
Sherlock looked up at her, a superior smirk playing on his lips. His phone buzzed again. He ignored it. “With the lady of the house absent, Miss Stapleton is your employer, is she not?”
“If you’re such a well of knowledge on the subject, why not share some of your data and allow me to handle it myself.” Sherlock huffed, sunk in his chair and wearing his sulky attitude plainly.
Seeing that broke something in John. He looked at Sherlock as if to ask when the hell they were going to grab her and get the fuck out of there.
John looked over at this random-seeming break in the silence, and at Sherlock's apparent opinion that 'in passing' meant 'during an ongoing murder game'. “Yeah. Possibly Moriarty’s first murder, if we were optimistic people.”
Sherlock tried to sit up, furious. But if the sickly wrongness of his movement and the shooting pains were any indication, he found he had broken at least two bones in his right arm. He quickly compensated with his left and pulled off his upper restraints. Once bolt upright, he faced both his unimpressed, annoyed brother, and two doctors. “A war hero, a doctor, my flatmate and my friend. Where. is. John. Watson?” He demanded, his voice gravelly, low, and dangerous.
Sherlock held his handgun to the side as he pounded up the narrow staircase towards the gangway. He hadn’t considered John wouldn’t be right behind him, caught up in the rush of the chase.
She took a deep breath and held it, putting the belt next to the towel, then slipping off her robe and setting it there as well. She let out the breath slowly and let herself look up. Sherlock was meeting her gaze, his eyes simply curious. They did not roam. She let an awkward smile play on her face, then took another breath and concentrated.
The woman was crying with relief, she couldn’t bring herself to tell Bob the truth but now that it was out in the open… she felt free.
“Hm. You helped when I was stuck, out in Sussex. It took you away from London for a lot of time, so… I appreciate that.”
After throwing down his chopsticks, John placed his empty container down on the coffee table and looked on. He was sleepy and contented. Sherlock always knew the best things to order. He hummed as he laid his head back.
The detective definitely noticed, but he didn’t say anything even though the top was up now, and they could have talked if they wanted to.
Turning in surprise and staring a moment, John sat back in his chair. “Why…” he asked after a tick, “why would something need to happen?” He was able to get traction once he ramped up. “He’s not difficult enough as his usual self?”
Sherlock watched him a moment longer before looking out the window again. “Much of this won’t be safe. Isn’t that what makes it fun?”
He ducked back under and closed his eyes to check the mental image he’d kept of the blueprints. There were still a few possible places he could look.
She approached them on the bench and took a seat. “You may go. I will indicate when I have finished inspecting them.”
“Get off him, now, or I will shoot you.” John warned. He stood back a ways, a safe distance, with his gun leveled and steady.
“I don’t think I could have taken more than that pompous Frenchman this trip, honestly.” He announced, resting his head back on the neck pillow he’d purchased in the airport.
Sherlock tugged John out of the circle, careful to avoid trampling the mushrooms, and grinned down at him. He was completely smug. Usually that would infuriate John.
Finally, an hour or so before dawn, Sherlock shed finally and got dressed. It was much later than he’d wanted to return, but all things considered…
After a particularly rough pothole (is that what you called a divot in a country road?) that rattled the satchel John kept safe on his lap, he opened the flap and peeked in to check his cargo was safe. A dull green glow illuminated his face, as if he were a teenager telling campfire stories.
Simply smiling as if she knew something, Mrs Hudson went up and patted his arm. “You’ll figure it out. I’ll bring you boys up some supper in a bit, you’ve had a long day.” She chuckled as she went off to her own flat. “Just this once. I’m not your housekeeper.”
“Not at all.” She took back a hand and put it out, and the butler stepped forward to place a small envelope there. She put it into Sherlock’s hand. “You will come, won’t you.”
As for the DI, who came over with a case (which they couldn’t take) and barged in as was his wont when it came to a serious issue… well, Strel didn’t like him either, though she didn’t actually hiss at him. And suddenly the ‘important case’ wasn’t nearly as pressing as having a chat with John about babysitting.
Mycroft pulled his umbrella back, lifting the crook from John’s arm. “Don’t let the rabbit-shift distract you, John. Remember where your priorities lie.”
“You haven't been reading any of these. She's included a link.” Sherlock nodded his head as in indication and John took his phone out. The article was already loaded once he opened his browser. “What is this?”
Sherlock thinned his lips, though they were shoved into a pillow. She must’ve heard John instruct him to do the same. Annoying. “I didn’t get it.” He said after she’d taken both shoes and as she was rearranging the throw to cover him properly.
He waited a moment to let the pomp finish oozing superiority. “I’m not asking to go alone. I need to take Sherlock and it’s not safe for him to fly through a regular airline. I still have your information, though your brother wanted to shred and burn it. I just need your plane.”
Sherlock didn’t ask, either. He just got out of the car and walked quickly so he could open the door for them.
Sherlock was completely taken aback, his chest aching with what he’d just seen. John pushing him out, John hating himself, John closing down every confidence and trust built between them. He didn’t consider it at all, the stakes were much too high. “I promise.” He breathed out, quiet but certain he could be heard.
Pushing it all away with a deep sigh, John opened the door into his room. It’d be a good chance to check on Bluebell as well. She often slept on the extra bed there, if she wasn’t with Faas or his mother. As expected, she was there, but so was…
Gritting his teeth and forcing shut his useless eyes, Sherlock worked through to a conclusion that he was not likely hallucinating.
“You can’t possibly take on a case now, Sherlock!” John called as he followed behind his detective. The man had tucked the paper under his arm quite suddenly and left without a word, leaving John to quell his annoyance and surprise to chase after him. “You’re not here for work, you’re here to learn how to control yourself properly. So you
“Ah, bugger me.” Lestrade put his forehead in his hand. She used the opportunity to duck him and join Sherlock as he snapped on his gloves and handed her a pair.
Moran manages to successfully sell off our boys. Blue finally meets John and confirms a hunch. Sherlock's lack of Sight is a double edged sword.
“Yeah…” John licked his lips thoughtfully, troubled. “Nothing is all we have. Sherlock…” He stood, the twinge in his leg back for a split second. He opened his mouth to say something else, to ask… but he stopped. Sherlock was staring at him, carefully and curiously. He waited for John to speak. After a tick, John awkwardly cleared his throat and shifted his weight. That look, when it was entirely focused on one thing, was often awe-inspiring. When it was focused entirely on
I am getting less and less confident about writing these characters properly. If you notice something OOC or any other issues you can help me fix, please leave a comment.
Souring as far as he could while trying to concentrate on staying human, Sherlock blocked out the cacophony around them. As if he could fend off the Shift just by concentrating… that’s why they were here at all, in the place he’d told Mycroft less than a year ago he’d kill him for sending John to… He had enough reasons to be ‘
“Such as luminescent rabbits?” Sherlock coughed, trying to turn his face out of the dust he was inhaling.
Getting close to the finish line! Don't worry though, Chapter Nineteen will be disgustingly long. Not as long as what was technically Chapter Seventeen but still.
But his attention was torn away from analysis as another figure approached, pushing a great suitcase trolley. Sherlock might’ve been amused, seeing his and John’s one case, if not for who pushed it.
When it became apparent whatever Sherlock was doing would take a while, she undid her safety belt and stood, stretching, and moved to the back of the plane to find the shower.
“There she is.” John said lightly, smiling at her. “You’re nearly through. What do you remember from today?”
Bluebell perked up, and Sherlock stood. “There isn’t time to explain now, it will have to wait.” He said, sharing a nod with her. She replaced her heels, albeit begrudgingly.
Sherlock returning the car while John bought the train tickets, Strel dogging along after them (she had to hold John’s hand, while Sherlock didn’t care) felt very familial. It was nice. It made John wonder if Harry would actually get her act together enough for a family, so he could hang out with some niblings for real.
“You…” He gripped her collar with both hands, though it tugged at his cast and his arm, and raised her. Her eyes cleared, he knew she could understand. “God help you, if you’d killed John,
She was taller even than Sherlock by a good three inches, with ice eyes that rivaled the detective’s and straight, white hair that was tugged neatly back in a tail which draped from high up on her head to the small of her back. Her dark skin was mottled all over, and she carried herself with an easy grace as she looked down at them with a level, neutral face.
After about a half hour and long since he assumed John was making his way around as a servant, Sherlock finally found the conversation he was looking for; the auction.
“Oh, bugger off Sherlock.” John clamped his eyes shut and tried to control his fear and spiking adrenaline. He pushed his detective’s face away with his palm, positively infuriating the already ticked man.
Sherlock slammed the book closed, his hand pressed to the cover. He didn’t make eye contact. “Where is the relevant data?” He asked, voice low and deep.
“I’ll look into this book!” Lestrade called after them. Bluebell lifted an arm in acknowledgement, not turning around.
Sherlock hauled John up slowly, the doctor digging his feet into crags where he could find them to scramble towards safety.
People were starting to leave finally, many chortling about how unexpectedly entertaining things had turned out.
Sherlock thinned his lips. “Miss Theluji. Please come over and make yourself comfortable so I can see what I’m dealing with.”
As desperate as he was to keep John… it wouldn’t be through coercion. It would be through… trust. He cursed internally, his unfamiliarity with these concepts hampered his utilage of them.
Looking disgusted at that, Sherlock ducked back into the kitchen. “She's a caster. Of course she's a bloody caster…” he mumbled.
Sherlock tented his fingers and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. It made him look shrewd, which Bluebell was entirely sure was the point. “You’ve barely said anything, at least anything of importance, since we began. You think of yourself as an intelligent woman, yet you’re constantly having to ask for clarification. Does that bother you? Is that what these ‘deductions’ are about?”
“Very well.” Mycroft narrowed his eyes at the mess on his desk his brother had made for him. Again. “Look further into this, and
He began to carefully inspect the smallish rabbit hutch, though he’d long since solved the ‘locked door rabbit escape’ case. It didn’t take long to get what he was actually looking for.
Frowning, Sherlock looked from John’s shaking hands to his set, strained face. “We needed the invitations. If we take her now, even if we could, it will cause difficulties getting the others, later. Moriarty will figure out we can find them if we’re obvious about it, and he’ll make it that much harder, that much more dangerous. This is the first Shifter on the list, we can’t storm in. We have to be smart about this.”
Standing and staring the criminal down, John cleared the gravel from his throat. “You can't see them either, can you?” The salamander continued to race around, but the black eyes John stared into narrowed. John could feel hate ooze towards him before, but now it was engulfing. “You don’t have the Sight.” John pounded the nail in with a curl of his lips.
“A sylph is a fae, or Neighbor, aligned with the air. Before we came for you, she set up a way for these particular sprites to leave a way to follow and placed it on each of the other Shifters there with you, and luckily, herself as well. We weren’t going to take the chance of losing track of you again.”
“Captain John Watson.” For half a tick, John thought he would have to just leave it and huff off. “Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Army doctor.” He raised both brows, looking proud. Of himself, or of John, the man opposite couldn’t tell. “Doctor Captain, or Captain Doctor… hard, with all those titles. To decide on one. Now, at least to some, there’s another. What is it?”
John looked at Sherlock carefully. Above the sliding bow, his piercing eyes met John’s vehemently. “You’ve never asked me why I’m a doctor, or why I joined the army.”
What the hell was he so sour about all of a sudden? “Fine, okay. Where do we start?” John sighed, draining his water. Tea… tea was called for.
Sherlock lowered his brow and gave John a look. “We should take it all off and treat it properly. Is there any trace of magic left? That wasn’t exactly ordinary glass.”
He blinked, since his ears were still ringing too much to rely upon. There were flashing lights in his vision, but he could still make out things in front of him. They had dressed Faas in some sort of Arabian garb, not dissimilar to higher fashion he’d seen overseas, and moved him into human chains run through a ring bolted to the floor. The snow leopard was unchanged, laying in her cage behind thick bars… he couldn’t make out much else.
His part of the plan was arguably the easier piece, though that also meant it was measures more tedious. Flitting around and tutting with the others, discussing politics and religion… and half of them in languages Sherlock didn’t speak.
“Go ask him.” John huffed, pushing the chair out of the way a bit so he could be right up to the bed. “He’s got himself into trouble again. We’ll handle it, one way or another.”
Lestrade stared an almost embarrassingly long time in disbelief, then cleared his throat. “Yeah. If there’s… there’s anything I
Mads snickered. “Human? We can shift all we want, now there aren’t people around. The zookeeper didn’t like to think of us as people so we weren’t allowed before.” More crinkling, she must have finished reading and was refolding…
“How I survived before you came along…” Sherlock started to quip off dramatically. He stopped and looked down. Neither of them had noticed the small figure get up until she was tugging at Sherlock’s sleeve.
“C’mon Sherlock. Who the hell is she really? Are you just dragging someone in here to make a point?” Lestrade came over as Sherlock finished with a skull.
Blinking and shaking his head, John finally threw off the stupor. Realizing most all he could see were the discerning icy eyes and damn sharp cheekbones of his flatmate, John scrambled to back up. Sherlock kept his grip firm.
Sherlock looked her in the eye. “Nothing. I’m here for you.” He lowered his voice so the child couldn’t overhear. “Bluebell.”
“Hold on!” John called, grabbing his cane and following. “Is that it?” He huffed when he’d caught up.
Even the next morning after nearly no sleep, as they sat in the little kitchen their suite had and drank much too much coffee, it seemed Sherlock was content to just ignore that the fight (or rather, outburst) had happened at all.
Now he was sat on a log, civilization miles away, taking a draw of his canteen as Sherlock found a high place to look out from. Which of course had nothing to do with looking cool. John had to admit he was impressed as he watched him climb a tree, his overlong coat hung on a lower branch to keep from getting caught.
“This is what I need you to do…” he spoke quickly and quietly as he led her around to the back stairs.
Now they were sat together in the garden, Sherlock with a glass of port and John with an abandoned tray of h'orderves.
“Grand, I should bloody well hope so!” Sherlock boomed, swiftly closing the distance between him and the… butler? And smacking him heartily on the back. “Fetch your mistress, if you would, the lady Katarine De Mueron. It is for her sake I have come.”
John smiled, a little surprised there wasn’t more push back. “You told me the one about giving your full name, I know they don’t like iron, salt or bread. I know not to walk into a fairy ring and what one of those looks like. And from what I’ve seen, I know what gnomes and sylphs look like.”
.” John commanded. The detective frowned deeply but complied. He wouldn’t listen forever, so John took a breath and dug in. “You’re not going to pull another stunt like that with us, right?”
“Don’t make a mistake. One week. Voluntarily or by force.” Mycroft looked down his nose at the cocky partner his damned annoying brother had chosen. Then he turned and left. “One week.” He called behind him as the door swung shut after him.
“Here, are you satisfied now?” Sherlock moped as he poured himself a cuppa and sloppily spread some jam on a bagel.
Admittedly, no one was likely to recognize Sherlock as he was now, especially with the mask on. But it made sense to ensure they recognized John. It would give Sherlock more credibility and notoriety, having tamed the wolf that rampaged onstage.
“So…” John and Sherlock poured over the report from the raid. Rather, John snatched a part of it to read while Sherlock jostled the papers and pictures around, taking scraps of data he decided on before swiftly moving on. “A baker’s dozen, hardly capacity for that place, were liberated and returned to several different countries after being interviewed. According to your brother, the list of missing Shifters suspected to be victims of this ring is close to fifty. We’ve barely scratched that number. How many can we track?”
“I was thinking.” Sherlock mumbled in his defense, draining his teacup and pushing the china away from himself. He pulled the album closer and flipped to the next page. It didn’t help, there were more shots of him and of John, and of the two of them together. Most were candid, and on the second page was one of John pulling an afgan over Sherlock’s curled, sleeping form on the couch. The caption read
The realization that, after all the flack he’d given Sherlock, John couldn’t remember any of the constellations from primary was undercut by his unvoiced agreement that they could still appreciate the stars. He hadn’t really taken the time to look, properly look, when he’d been outside the city where he could actually see them… since he’d served. Even though this was dangerous in different ways, many he didn’t understand, John felt a lot safer now, here, than he had in the desert.
Another would be John’s schedule, which was now to include rising at dawn for a series of workouts designed (by Sherlock) to build his strength and weight back up. Sherlock did not anticipate how that would also change John’s sleep schedule during the ten week program. Unless they were on a case, which quickly derailed any kind of planning, Sherlock spent the seven hours John slept softly practicing with his violin.
“Morgue. Or what passes around here.” Sherlock replied curtly as he pulled his coat collar up against the brisk fall air that blew powerfully around them.
“Well now I get to ask you what you mean.” Bluebell crossed her legs and sat back, getting comfortable. She felt awfully like she needed a shower, even if she’d kept admirable pace. Maybe this fancy jet had one. Who knows.
Kar’s laugh made John look at her, surprised. “I think you’re misunderstanding, Doctor Watson. Keya was not there for his benefit. The spirit protected its people. From themselves, perhaps, but it’s arrogant to think our protectors work on your behest.” She looked at John with the weary annoyance of having to explain such things to outsiders many times. “I will admit, where you are concerned, the canotila seem fonder than I’d expect. Though no, your partner does not inspire the same attitude.”
When he blinked, his mind started to clear and he could see the lights fading and the music growing more and more distant. He shook his head violently, hissing as the pain came through. He didn’t let up just yet, though.
I'm trying to keep things balanced between action (cases included) and relationship progression. Let me know if you think of anything, or even if it's just good or bad.
“Yes and that… I suppose Sherlock doesn’t have anything going for him. But if he gets the chance to work in your village, I’m certain he would prove he’s helpful. Though I don’t see him worried about the political aspects… he likely noticed immediately, if he didn’t delete it as soon as he learned about the issues here.” Remembering that morning, suddenly, John put down his cup. “What was that, by the way? That flying thing…”
Left alone with the still glaring animal, Lestrade watched John disappear before turning his attention to the odd little bear-monkey. “Somehow this doesn’t seem as odd as John as a wolf, though I guess that’s ‘cause he’s the ‘normal’ one between you. Not that it means much when it’s being compared to you, eh?” Sherlock hissed another bark, then tucked his ears back and curled his lip down. Lestrade couldn’t help but chuckle. “Can’t be easy on you, when you can’t make comments and corrections whenever it suits you.”
It was such a shallow wound, why wasn’t it clotting? Was the blade really poisoned? Is that why it burned? But Sherlock searched his mind in vain as he attempted to attribute the symptoms to any known substance, even as the seeping red bloomed larger and larger, running down, clothing long soaked, into the dirt and grass.
Sherlock considered her for a moment, suspicious. “You want someone, not even me exactly, to deliver Miss Stapleton a rabbit?”
Once fully on the cliff, John swung out again, at the gulls, catching one of them pretty square in the chest. It screeched and flew off, the others following.
His eyes blinked quickly open. Fuck, this was completely different from the stress and watchful eye he kept on the people treating him in hospital, from the disregarding selfishness he exercised upon his mother treating him as a boy… this felt intimate like nothing else comparable.
The cab driver looked back at Harry, clenching her fists and sobbing in the dimly lit exit. “Is she gonna be alright?”
“Yes, please do. I don’t think I could drag Sherlock away from the bloody desk if I wanted to at the moment. He’s not the sort to take care of himself well.”
Mycroft soured, ignoring the unblinking glare from his sallow little brother in favor of dealing with his annoying partner. “You’re much less polite
“I suppose,” Mike let him off easy, “at least you’ve been in the army, mate. I would be an easy enough target, then, wouldn’t I?”
“You should know me. You had everything set up, the whole thing just to lure him out and take him. Where is he, Doctor Watson? No games. Or I will kill you. And I'll have your friend show me.”
“Clean. Except the botched experiment, Stapleton had a solid plan. There is always something. And you… what are you going to do now?”
Sherlock began to share a look of camaraderie with John, but it was quickly undercut by another, harsher exclamation from the rabbit-shift. In the dim light of the hall, she had begun to have a bit of a shimmer around her. Sherlock’s mind recalled the description Kirsty had given of a fairy’s likeness and deemed it accurate.
Tapping the point of his umbrella on the grass then twirling it there, Mycroft Holmes watched impatiently as the sun’s light began to leak over the horizon on the far side of the glen. He was glistening because even in the cool night, he had to hike the last three miles on foot. His assistant and several other personnel stood around him silently, none of them as out of breath as he.
Sherlock carefully opened his door and got out, taking off his shades and tucking them in the 'v' of his shirt. He came around, but before he was within five feet…
… go through something hellish the same way he had but with PTSD sprinkled on, he still couldn’t control his Shift and he’d been assured reversing this spell wasn’t done. Now he was away from the UK, from his flat and access to law enforcement and cases and equipment…
“Ya can’t just shout at him, he dunno what ya want.” Faas spoke to John’s handlers first, then used their confusion to address John directly. “Half-shift, mate. They want you ta only shift part-way. As a Warrah, you’ll look like a traditional werewolf.”
It took about another 15 minutes for John to settle down enough to shift back. The fact that at least two of his fellow captives were children did not help his concentration. It all made him the kind of angry that stilled his entire body and seemed to replace the very blood in his veins. When he was finally ready to face them, he was more frustrated at how he'd handled himself than anything.
“Why.” John said finally, not really sounding like a question, as he put his hands on his hips and rested more weight on his good leg. “If you don’t want me to leave, why wouldn’t you just tell me what I want to hear.” Again, not a question. More like a declaration on a fact. Curious. The analytical side of Sherlock’s brain pushed sentiment and fear aside to examine it.
“Miss LeCoup is not doing well.” John answered, voice taut and dull as he slumped down on his lounger and put his hands over his face. “Nothing more can be done, though, thanks.” He assured Lestrade, tone softening to become more friendly opposed to business-like.
John sighed and leaned back in his chair. They’d spent the afternoon talking about Shifters and fae and magic, and Sherlock had a better grasp on the technical side of things, as usual, though John’s perspective was seemingly useful as well. It had been exhausting, having the genius’ outwardly random train of thought tugging him along and asking directions halfway through a turn. Apparently Bluebell was either very thorough, or Sherlock had grilled her unrelentingly. There were also a couple dozen new (to the flat), dusty volumes full of tags where Sherlock had marked things piled next to the fireplace.
“There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.” Sherlock said finally as he put down his last paper and turned it toward John, pushing the coffee out of the way.
Bluebell glared. She took the plate of biscuits Kirsty had brought over and placed them in front of Sherlock. She shot him another mean look before turning her entire body to face the child, her demeanor changing completely. “K, I know it’s your friend Mr Holmes has come to find, but I need to talk to him about a few things first. Could you please go into mommy’s study and water her plants for me?”
John sat back and crossed his arms, looking out on London as well, though he did not see it. “She really made an impression on you, huh?”
But Sherlock didn’t reply, just stood there with a half-smile. He moved his fingers and made vague gestures once in awhile, but was definitely not present.
“There is no record of the lighthouse belonging to anyone other than the local governing body or the settling people who built it. Whoever is in there, they’re playing things close to the chest.” Sherlock closed his laptop, tented his fingers, and took in his flatmate’s weary visage. “I suggest we break in.”
“I’ll let you know. No, best we not, he won’t react well. Don’t worry about it, that’s my problem. Yeah. Ta.” He ended the call on a defiant, formal note. No doubt his way of getting some power back, like a child having the last word before slamming the door. It was meaningless other than to supplement the ego. Very troubling signs were overwhelming. Very out of character for John.
Gears whirred in John’s head. They could not afford to be caught this early in the plan. They couldn’t really afford to be caught at all…
John watched carefully, raising a brow. When Mycroft only stared back, John let out a puff of a laugh. “You’re not serious.”
“Um… it’s a little… well I’ll just show you.” Molly went over to the wall of smallish metal doors and clicked one open, moving the door out of the way and pulling the slab out. It was, as is traditional, covered in a sheet. What was odd, however, was that the sheet covered several small lumps that looked in no way human. “Uh, it’s…” Molly looked up at Sherlock’s expression and closed her mouth, just carefully removing the sheet so he could see.
“Hardly.” Sherlock scoffed. “He seems the type who has more money than sense. Likely thought there was no need in a place like this.” He stood, taking the black box from his pocket and handing it over. “I need my laptop. The controller has a port on it, I may be able to program it.”
But all the elder Holmes said was “Another of your failed tests.” with a tsk, as if John was his disappointing schoolchild.
Sherlock groaned dramatically and lifted the foot she was taking a shoe off so she could do it properly.
“Bal-” John looked incredulously at his flatmate. “Am I speaking to a doppelganger? Who somehow thinks Sherlock bloody Holmes is capable of compromise?”
“Oh…” A mousy brunette seemed more surprised by Bluebell than Sherlock’s dramatic entrance. “Um, hullo.”
“Alright.” She put the towel over the back of one of the empty seats, then moved to the open part of the aisle, where she had the most space. She undid the belt on her robe, but hesitated. Not many people had seen her naked, at least not with permission. She’d been made to shift and shed many times against her will, left shaking and confused on a cold, laboratory floor. She began to regret her agreement, but he’d put up his end…
“Sherlock…” John started using Sherlock’s pacing path, exasperated. “She's going to involve our bloody mother.”
“Since Bluebell used sylphs for this spell and they are attuned to the East compass point, we need to go to a place she’d started it, face that direction, and prove we… or rather, you… are worthy of picking up her trails. For that we need this…” Sherlock showed John a small black feather that made him jolt his face back. It reeked of Shifter. “And this.” He then took out a golden watch. “It’s the offering, they get it once the spell is complete. It’s not intricate enough to put them off, and gold is a favored item to the fae. We need to leave the watch in a fairy ring before we start.”
John leaned back a tad, surprised by the sudden intensity. “I was having a laugh.” He tried to backpedal.
It took a second, but John let out a relieved puff and broke into the same sort of giggles he’d done on the second night he’d known the impossible man in front of him. Sherlock joined in just a touch.
John looked up and to the right, trying to see the experience with Leo Kar from Sherlock’s perspective. What exactly was he doing when John first entered the room… “He was sitting on the arm of the chair, leaned close and in her space. He might’ve been talking to her.”
This time, Sherlock’s unexpected change in the middle of things was a boon. The amazing night vision made the whole process a great deal easier, and he was able to finish much earlier than he’d predicted. He’d even put to use his ash catalogue (who cares about 143 types of tobacco ash indeed).
Sherlock hesitated a second before reaching out to take the evidence bag. Carefully, he pulled open the ziplock and pulled out a carefully folded coat. He let the bag fall where it may, not looking away from the black Haversack… he breathed carefully, as if moving air could disintegrate the fabric. He adjusted his grip so he was holding the coat around it’s waist, letting the arms unfurl. It was certainly genuine, not a ploy courtesy of his conniving brother.
Before he could finish his disjointed sentence, there was a crash from his room that made him jolt, from which instinct took the rest of the movement to stand and follow the noise up the stairs.
“Be grateful for the interruption, or someone might have asked me to toss them to you like a poodle.”
After a pair of quick showers, both of which John had insisted upon, they sat together at the little desk and discussed which of the remaining markers made the most sense to go after next. They would return to Baker Street with Strel first, of course, but after that…
“Posterior third of the left parietal bone, left half of the occipital bone shattered…” Sherlock mumbled aloud as he reviewed it himself. He skimmed the rest, then tossed the file on the floor beside himself. “Thank you. Not overly helpful, but thank you all the same.” He lay back and closed his eyes to think.
“Are you giving me lip, Sherlock Holmes?” Mrs Hudson pushed him over to take off his coat. “Really, ill or not you can’t sleep like this.” She tutted.
“She wasn’t here, rather no one was.” The woman replied shortly. Something looked very familiar about her… “Where is my son?” She spoke with quiet ferocity, the pistol in her hand honed in on John’s heart unwavering.
He noticed Bluebell’s face sour in his peripherals, but kept his attention on the girl. “You want me to come with you.” She said sardonically. He ignored her.
the brilliant man was thinking. He’d admit often, and vocally, how annoying it was. He would not, however, admit that it was fairly endearing as well.
“That is inconsequential. It’s an interesting case, and one I assume would escalate, unsolved, in the hands of anyone else.”
As it obviously wasn’t working, Sherlock had stopped calling after John and just followed. He had no idea whatsoever what he’d said wrong, or why John didn’t say anything now.
, or I won’t be here when you come back.” Nose clenched up, adding to the lines around his eyes, John let go and backed up a step, standing tall and formally as he took deliberate, calming breaths. “Promise me.”
“Yeah, good. Brilliant.” Sherlock twinged, it cut deep John would use that word like this. “Answer me.”
“How much does it make sense to you, Doctor, that your bones shift and your skin sprouts thick fur, and you lose your ability to speak? You have been part of a very small world most of your life.”
Mycroft’s lips twinged. “Yes, Doctor Watson. That is so.” He drawled, obviously irked. John smiled. “And I am also certain you’d note, no matter certain appearances, I do
Now confident his detective hadn’t been injured, John coughed and tried not to grin or sigh with relief. “Stop that. This is serious, you’ve got eggshells in your hair and coat and… Jesus, Sherlock.”
“Bed.” Sherlock said in a simple yet authoritative tone. Somehow different, without the arrogant subtext perhaps.
John knew he was giving him a chance to collect himself before calling him back. Wrapping the coat a bit more tightly because of the cold, John stalked back to the car and got in. Neither of the others really gave him any mind, too busy with the car and each other.
John was studying his surroundings with wonder and curiosity, not paying much mind to which jam he slathered on his toast. “Are you two getting on better now that you’re home?”
All this research into real world places, especially with the stipulation being 'away from civilization', is making me want to travel. Too bad I'm super poor!
“Yeah…” John’s only connection to the human world out here was Sherlock. He decided mentally to never try speaking to the fae unless he was close by. Clearing his throat, he turned to the cat. It seemed to be amused, watching this. “You have my gratitude. But we should go.”
Sherlock stood and blinked down with concern. “If you can be with me, I want you with me. Here, on a case, in my life. I want that understood. Even if I seem to forget at times, that is a mistake.”
John sort of moms all over the place, because someone has to, and then gets momed because no one is perfect. We meet Faas' brother finally. Bluebell mostly sleeps.
John was thankful for the reprieve to collect his nerves. Even though the wet on his leg made him feel cold; the dreary dull ache from something warm and safe retreating. He closed his eyes and settled back, wanting to ask for his little bottle of pills.
“Alright?” John asked after watching sweat bead on the pallid face of his detective. He stood away after seeing the the minute nod, then pushed the back of his hand under dark curls. “Shit, Sherlock, you’re burning up.” His frown darkened as he cursed his direly limited knowledge of this side of medicine. He had no clue what to expect or how to treat it, and Bluebell was in no state to be consulted on the matter.
“So it was with his partners… they were engaging enough to stop him running around with anyone who caught his eye. Those three were a little
Waking up this time was a little easier. John thought dully that the concentration of the drug was either lowered or they used something different. He wouldn’t be able to tell until his brain stopped doing cartwheels under his skull. He was also able, to his great relief, to stretch his limbs and fully open his mouth. But movement next to him made him jolt in surprise, and his eyes shot open. He blinked quickly to adjust his eyes and brain, and he saw a pair of large eyes looking back at him. Another few blinks and their owner became apparent; a middle aged woman kneeling beside him, wearing what looked like a hospital gown.
John folded the paper so the top half sagged in his hands, looking over it discerningly. “Thank you?”
John huffed. “Then you're not paying attention. Molly, Mrs Hudson, Greg, Mike… Sherlock has people, good people, supporting him.” John pocketed his hands and looked at Mycroft carefully, his face turning back to neutral. “Makes me wonder, between the two ‘geniuses’, how many people are there you simply don't see. You must have at least one. Even you.”
“I’m not saying all this ta scare you, or ta hurt. It’s… a friendly warning. What happened, is happening, with my brother... is not right. I don’t like ta see anything like that happen, and if you haven’t been around any of us much until now… you deserve ta know.”
Sherlock skidded to a halt on the ringing metal floor and watched in dubiety as she expanded into a pale, spotted bear. He barely had time to raise his hands in defense before she was on him.
That afternoon, which was preempted by a mutual feigned ignorance that left Baker Street rather quiet, brought in the calls of one DI Lestrade. He leapt up the stairs in a hurry that echoed into the silent flat, and took a second to catch his breath.
Mycroft slumped into his chair in as dignified a way as could still be labeled ‘slumping’ and pushed aside Miss Grant’s file. He stared disapprovingly at the colorless photo held by a paperclip to the file underneath. He’d been unable to locate John Watson while he’d kept his brother at bay, and now he was out of time. Unless he acted more efficiently, this search was liable to get his baby brother killed.
After meeting several of Sherlock’s contacts, she honestly felt she knew less about him. The only thing she was sure of from the experience was he was an incredible actor, and only so far as when he knew his audience was looking. As soon as they turned, his face went back to neutral, or if the moment called for it, irked.
He could shake the thought, but not the feeling, as he wandered the village in the dark, this time behind homes and in the shadows, as the devilish, stinging breeze pushed through him.
“Well next time I won’t look for the sylph at all, then.” John snarked, moving around the side of the structure while staying out of the light.
John however wore something you might see in a Cher video. Leather pants, a set of black belts crisscrossed and attached together with a metal ring across his chest, and a thick black collar. The band over his stomach made him wish he hadn’t gained back so
While Bluebell picked up a flute of champagne and began to mingle, Sherlock slipped away into the hidden vomitorium. A look at the blueprints a week prior had told them of this space, used during performances for actors to move around the house… or during these black market auctions to hide or deliver goods without drawing in snubbed bidders who’d lost, or distracting from the current sale.
“John! John, talk to me! Are you hurt?” Sherlock had taken the gun from his hands and sat him carefully on the step. He couldn’t make his mind work, look him over. He had to rely on the doctor to assess himself.
“If it’s so dangerous,” Lestrade poured out the beers for the three of them, “why are you out here?”
Sherlock began to pace, taking off his scarf and coat and tossing them unceremoniously on the bed behind where John sat. Then he tucked his hands behind his back and swathed his path. The one he’d wear into the carpet if they stayed long enough.
“Now hold on.” Bluebell stepped forwards, very tempted to upset the fragile balance that kept Sherlock from falling backward onto his arse. “That’s a really sneaky way to phrase the question. And it’s not up to her, it’s my choice.”
It became apparent very quickly that Strel preferred Sherlock, which irked both him and John. Needless to say, it was a very long day.
Narrowing his eyes and scowling, Sherlock tsked. “Don’t fuck around with me, John, I know better than most you require the drug to survive withdrawal this intense. As things are now, she will die.”
They’d gotten very nearly to the main road when Lestrade jogged out after them. Sherlock turned, hands in his pockets. He gave the DI a sour look.
“Remember, there is quite an excessive buyers premium should anyone purchase these items together, due to the risk involved. A little background on these lucrative lots; Johnny here, my personal pick, is a British Army vetted Captain, a fully certified doctor, and a rare shift! A Falkland Islands Wolf, to be exact, and you may know this species has been extinct for more than a century! The only way to add one to your menagerie is here on stage with me.”
“No, not to you, not in private. I also know it’s useless to try. I don’t need you to go off on some tangent about how my hair and my eyelashes and whatever else is empirical evidence of your claim. Let’s get to it, Kirsty likes to listen in. She’s too smart for her wellbeing.”
“Honestly I’m more worried about what comes next…” John spoke in a half-hushed tone over his mobile, hunched forwards a bit as if that would keep his voice from carrying. He had taken the call in the landing, door only cracked behind him. He was relatively certain Sherlock was dozing, but it was Sherlock… “Yeah, I’ve done all I can for her in this state. I’m guessing it’ll come down to the next twenty four hours, if she takes a turn she could die. If she doesn’t, she should begin to improve. That doesn’t mean she’d done with this, not by a long shot. This will have been like a cake walk comparatively if it has the same addictive properties I’ve seen in similar situations.” He spoke seriously; his doctor’s voice…
“Some would also say you’re an excellent blogger.” Sherlock added, using the mirror himself as John had his little personality crisis in the foreground.
After a moment of John staring back and trying to think of some reply, anything, Sherlock tsked and narrowed his eyes. “I do not enjoy being distracted on a case. And I
Sherlock had stayed to listen to more commentary, but only listen. His lips were thinned. He’d been careful to not lie, even though he hadn’t seen any evidence of the bogle or butler since he’d arrived.
They were sat on the moss, facing east as they’d been told, looking up at the brilliant night sky. Alone. The noises of birds and insects and other ‘normal’ things were an undertone, of course, but there weren’t any Neighbors. It had been about an hour since the sun went down. John had paced after a time, but Sherlock insisted it wouldn’t do any good unless he was faced east. So with a humph, he’d sat down beside Sherlock and followed his gaze upwards.
Blinking again, as if he hadn’t noticed the mob or cacophony around them, he did a quick sweep with his eyes before he put his hands, still gloved, to John’s. “Seems they’ve taken issue with something.”
“But she is, John.” Sherlock seethed. “No less than the rest of you twittering about because of her.”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson rushed out towards him from her flat at the back of the front hall. “You were out of hospital two days ago, where have you been? I’ve been trying to reach you!”
John wrankled, fisting and unfisting his left hand. “Sherlock.” He said, in his commanding, military tone. The irony of their setting was not lost. Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock blinked and looked down at her, then walked within a couple feet of her and crouched down. He’d seen John interact with children this way, and they seemed to be less prone to high volumes afterward. “Yes, Kirsty, I have taken your case. I promise to return Bluebell to you. But I’m going to need Miss Grant to help me. Will you lend her to me for a bit?”
Sherlock approached and took the letter. He ran it under his nose and looked over the blank envelope carefully before flicking it open and withdrawing the paper inside. It was a pedestrian thing, three fold on regular paper, with their address and names printed neatly in the top left corner.
“Yeah. And Mike called her when I was shot.” John looked at Sherlock. “She doesn’t know I was missing.” And as far as he was aware, she didn't.
Apparently, their host felt the same. “For god’s sake, can’t someone else give it a go? That gentleman, perhaps?”
“Well this has been vexatious.” Sherlock started, putting his hands on the table and standing. “If you could just send along whomever is your tactician at their earliest convenience…”
The rabbit-shift turned to look at him, her hand still supporting Kirsty’s foot steadily. She sighed, unimpressed, as Sherlock looked at her from across the yard. His collar was up, his coat pushed out like a cape in the wind.
Sherlock gave her what she referred to as his ‘science’ look. “I’m sure I’ll see it at some point during this case, and I’d rather be able to observe it in a controlled environment, up close. To collect accurate data.”
She looked up briefly, not seeming to recognize him. Even though it was his bloody flat she was stood in. “Hi.”
several of the calls he’d started to recognize. He pointed himself towards the adolescent cats' call and threw the plane as straight and as hard as he could. He heard a crunch of paper and gravel, and grinned.
“Well you need to learn, it’s irritating at best and enormously dangerous at worst to have you unstable like this. Not to mention I do have enough data to predict the longer this goes on, the more horrid you’ll be as a flatmate. You can’t trust yourself enough to do things that take time or concentration.” Now he wasn’t practically in John’s lap, Sherlock’s nudity was just another quirk. It wasn’t as if he didn’t wander in sheets or a dressing gown or towel and nothing else long before now. The difference was he had a fair reason to stay unclad. John knew from experience how uncomfortable it was to Shift and shed with clothing involved. No, the more annoying side-effect of his tremulous state was he’d been unable to use nicotine patches reliably, and had a constant need for them, so he’d taken to sucking on a pipe he’d hidden long ago in an odd, curl-toed slipper at the back of the front closet. It was a funny image, well enough, but it wasn’t a pleasant scent. And he didn’t seem to realize it was in poor taste to use an addictive drug so openly while someone else in the flat was going through hellish withdrawal. But teaching his detective consideration of others was hardly John’s concern at the moment.
In the end, the case was spectacularly easy, especially comparatively. Blythe had given several names and contacts that his brother kept, those likely involved in the Shifter trade. Sherlock texted them off to Mycroft as soon as he was done with the collar, which left deep indents in Cennerous’ neck. And that Sherlock fastened around Blythe’s thick neck, with the quip ‘I’m sure someone will be along eventually to let you out.’
arms and face above him. But leaning away, the attacker didn’t support him, and the sharpness in him slid out as he fell.
“Is that so?” John scoffed, looking up at him with a hand over his eyes to block the rising sun. “And who exactly are you?”
Moriarty rocked on his heels, head not moving as he stared into the cocky doctor. “I’ve said before, I don’t like to dirty my hands…” He clenched a fist with his ringed hand. The salamander stopped dead and expanded. John had just enough time to shove Sherlock out of the way before a cascade of fire rained down, setting the floor alight.
John looked up, letting his hand rest on Faas’ head. He didn’t look at her coldly or change his body language defensively…
“No…” John settled into his chair, the plush allowing him to sink a bit and the music facilitating it. “No, I don’t want to leave. And you know I don’t want to be any more involved if I can help it.”
“I do notice.” Sherlock mumbled, turning away to take in his city. All this work outside of it put him out of step with the particular rhythm London possessed. No matter the other changes, London was a constant. He did entertain the thought of even glancing at Lestrade’s case. He let out a frustrated sigh, all of this couldn’t finish up soon enough. He wanted back to his flat, his violin, and his people where they belonged; John with him, Mrs Hudson tutting around in the background, Mycroft… out of his hair and too busy to spy on him.
John takes a lot of chances to try to communicate with Sherlock. Then he learns more about how Shifters and regular humans interact. Mycroft is still super pissy.
“As for walking around at night, would kipping in for a rest be safer? I doubt it. So we should move and get back to the airport quickly.”
Sherlock huffed and grabbed John’s outstretched hand. He walked swiftly, John in tow, directly to the fairy ring. “Sherlock wait-” But the detective was already pulling out the gold chain of the watch.
It will probably be in a similar style of slow burn, case fic, interpersonal plot, as well as in a similar tone. I don’t think I’ll be inserting as much fantasy (the setting is already sci-fi) at least not in the one I’m currently working on.
“Just how likely is that, John?” Sherlock asked as he put on his gloves and donned his coat, not forgetting to flip up his coat collar.
John leaned his head back on the cool cement wall, his arm propped up on one bent knee. “If you want to tell it, I will listen.”
He was in there now, calm as you please, as if they were on holiday or something. He’d nearly forgotten this part, the windswept feeling Sherlock gave him as he flowed along past his confusion. Never… he never could tell what in the
“It's ok, Faas. Thank you. Knowing something… is better than not. Right?” John mumbled, deep inside his own head.
“Good, that’s good. Let’s get you back to bed alright?” He helped her up and into bed, covering her and murmuring reassurances. Once she was settled, he knelt in front of Faas. “Your brother gave her something. Do you know what that was? Because we have a very short time to purge it from her system if it was anything bad.”
John reestablished his hold on the familiar cold grip of his L9A1. There was no way either of them were going to be sold off like cattle, not now he had the force and back up to fight.
. Heira is a term of endearment for those like us. Family. Sister.” She smiled at John, the first real expression she’d given. “Brother. But you reject your Fari side. Why is that?”
Standing and brushing off his coat, Sherlock turned to the others with an approving smirk. The other guard was on their front, cuffed and trying their best not to move lest they rouse more pain from their left, oddly angled arm. John was checking Bluebell, who was much more concerned with looking at the circle John had been caught in. The ink was gone(if it had been ink), it had been activated and there was nothing for her to go off of.
“Sherlock, listen…” The DI sighed, shifting weight from one leg to the other. “I can’t talk about it, you know that. I’m sorry. I miss him too.”
“You did not want me to become this. But you’re accepting it without question. Do you not become sickened, John,” pitch lowered on his name, making John press his lips thin, “when you think I’m ‘
“Mr Malone, I am to escort you out of doors. Follow me.” His voice had lost all countenance of respect, and John saw he was holding something small in his gloved hand. The spirit with his reached for it and withdrew again and again, with it’s twig-like fingers which protruded from a scratchy shirt stuffed with hay.
John huffed a little and narrowed his eyes only slightly. He shifted again, this time in agitation. “Sherlock, you’ve got to say something,
Before he could tell up from down again, something cold and heavy was wrapped around his wrists and muzzle and legs, the clicking of locks warped and deafening to this raw form. He immediately tried to finish changing, which made stars burst in front of his eyes and his heart thump in his skull. He let out a sort of coarse whimper and tried to shed instead, with the same results.
John stopped, and suddenly the name popped in his mind. “Shit.” He put his phone down on the table as if it were a bomb. “A boy who disappeared without a trace thirty years ago… so they did report it after all.”
“No.” Sherlock sat calmly with his tented fingers, eyes following John’s movement. “She won't.” John stopped to look at him incredulously. “She's already suspicious about your activities, she has an idea it involves your unspoken nature.”
Hearing the blow dryer going, John muddled over what a posh git his flatmate was, and how maybe he should be taking this more bloody seriously…
Bluebell sighed and looked at him. She was more exasperated than angry, not very common when Sherlock dealt with people who weren’t John or Lestrade. “Fine. I’d have to guess you know almost nothing about Shifters, not even that Captain Watson is one.” She scrutinized him just as carefully as he to her. He was able to keep himself a scary level of closed off. But she also figured if she’d misspoken he would jump on it. “Until getting to the research facility at least. I guess it would have raised too much of a fuss to kill you. You got in with fairly impressive credentials, after all.” She took a minute to think, as she was putting things together as she thought of them.
“Exactly.” Sherlock stood and zipped up the case, taking it up. “Come, John, we’ll miss our flight.”
“The animals in the morgue may have been just that, but Shifters were certainly here, recently.” She mumbled under her breath. Sherlock watched curiously as her eyes lost focus and glazed over, and she seemed to be speaking without making noise. After a few moments of inaction, Sherlock stood and began to inspect the other artifacts in the room.
It was actually making less and less sense to John as he went out to see Sherlock had bound the Frenchman’s wrists behind his back, and that he was not yet conscious. That didn’t bode well. John bent down to look him over, as he likely had a concussion.
“Oh.” Sherlock undid the last cuff and slid the whole thing off John’s leg. “Oh.” His eyes lit up as he looked at John, while the doctor carefully, tenderly, stretched his leg out and back and rubbed it. “Obvious.”
Then he was gone, something moving past him, the stage beneath him shaking enough he could tell the heavy thing was moving around, had knocked Sherlock away, a growl nearly on top of him. He forced his eyes open, beyond the flashing lights he could make out the fuzzy shape. He raised the gun, but huge, hot claws encompassed his hand, gun and all, lifting him…
“No, I don’t think she will. What’d he get from that, really. Although he’s been getting increasingly erratic.” John’s voice sounded like it wanted to sigh and become heavy, but again… Doctor. “Don’t you start.” He warned the other party (almost certainly Mycroft). “I get enough of that- no.” A pause. “No.” Simple, controlled words. He was a particular sort of worried. Curious. “That isn’t-” He was allowing himself to be interrupted. Sherlock could picture him pinching the bridge of his nose as he listened, though even his advanced hearing couldn’t decipher the other voice at all… likely because the hum from their lights was distracting. John didn’t let Mycroft roll him over, especially when he was sturdy to begin with. Sherlock furrowed his brow, eyes shut for several reasons. It was less and less likely he was speaking to the elder Holmes.
Something in that stung, and made Sherlock weary. He wanted to sleep, rare as the compulsion seemed. Instead, he shrank in the front seat into his clothes as they crumpled around his new lion-bear form. John was right, lord it was uncomfortable to shift with clothes on. With as little movement as possible, he kicked his pants and trousers and the one sock he’d somehow kept partially on his paw, off himself. Then he curled up and pushed tissues into his ears and calculated how much longer this drive would be.
I apologise for this oversight and any harm it may have caused. I will endeavour to improve in the future.
, in a vice-grip. He couldn’t hear himself protest. Sherlock dug in, not giving ground, and a horrid chill ran over John’s body as he realized what Sherlock was protecting him from… the emitter.
The aged landlady spoke soft affirmations to the ball of mottled fuzz, calm across her face. This was not the first time she’d dealt with withdrawal. Sherlock hadn’t been her first, either, though he had been the hardest on her through virtue of her maternal feelings for him.
John’s eyes flashed as they moved from his friend to the door and the danger it represented. “Not at all.” He growled, gravel tumbling in his voice.
,” he spat the word and it was full of a self hatred he didn’t know was there, “so help me Sherlock Holmes
“We’re off then.” Sherlock announced with a sweeping gesture, depositing his own gloves in the bin on his way out the door. Bluebell was closely in tow.
Sherlock walked past him and disappeared into the kitchen. “No. They didn't see me use it, not even John did.”
Between that and Sherlock getting the latter end of a baton to the head, John decided he couldn’t wait. “Bugger…” He cursed under his breath and leapt forward. Other than an odd chill and a rumbling in his chest from whence his shifts began, there seemed to be no effect as he rammed a shoulder into the person Sherlock was grappling. They were sent hurdling back and off their feet, the baton skidding across the floor out of their hand.
“It would make it much harder for us to get overseas, is why.” Sherlock said smugly as he opened the black cab door and climbed in.
“Come on.” John commanded, getting into the cab and shutting the door. Sherlock downed the rest of his beverage and handed the lid back.
Clearing his throat to mask a snorted laugh, John flapped the paper so it was straighter. “I’ve no idea what you could mean.”
John raised his brow, sighed, then lowered it impatiently. “Seeing it just reminded me of talking to the other Shifters.” John said, shrugging it off. They hadn’t spoken at all about the month John was missing since leaving the auction.
“I do not own a plane.” He insisted, though at this point John wondered why even bother. Then he heard a distant snickering and knew exactly why, a wicked grin spreading over his face. He was certain he could give the little Shifter twins a show.
family. Neither of ‘em Shifters, they didn’ care much when they found out. Not surprising, he was so eccentric ta start.
. When he paid ya mind, you felt special.” John couldn’t help but draw the parallels with Sherlock and himself. The detective often tested John's patience. He also made John feel... He didn't finish the thought. Actually, thinking on it... John believed Sherlock didn't push buttons
Starting out of his mind, John looked up. Sherlock had rolled up his sleeves for climbing, several twigs and leaves stuck to his clothes and one in his hair. He was looking down at John the way he’d made a habit of lately; with an odd sort of regard and curiosity. John had yet to see him look at anything else like that, to compare.
John opened his mouth to ask for clarification when he saw a light drift toward him. He closed it again as a sweet, warm breeze brushed his hair back. Then the light expanded as he gazed at it, into something the size of a house cat. It was beautiful, and exactly as he remembered from the road in Sussex; a genderless, slender humanoid with a ribbon-like tail in place of legs and wings without feathers, similar to a penguins, coming out it’s back. It’s face and hair joined seamlessly, the latter changing length as it fluttered around the giggling sprite.
Mycroft Holmes did not often lose his cool demeanor, though there were a select few who could make him do exactly that more often than not. With a heavy, frustrated sigh, he hung up his phone and leaned forward on his desk supported by his arms. “It would seem…” He informed his assistant. “... no one is capable of locating Sherlock Holmes. Not when he’d rather be hidden.”
Currently twelve chapters are planned (more or less) but there will be more than that. Sorry this chapter was so short ^_^;
“Ah. Right.” Lestrade stepped away and pulled out a letter. “I know you chaps haven’t had much of a chance to recover, but I really need the help.”
It's been a hellish time for me lately, I won't go into it but it involves med changes and side effects. Things are leveled off again and you'll be glad to know I'm working on this for NaNoWriMo! So hopefully a lot more updates to come before the end of the month! Thanks so much for your patience.
“No, dear. I meant by other Shifters, who would explain to you that Shifters going back to their human state call that shedding. Shedding the animal, it means. When you ‘shift’, that’s going
He had no idea what the freed bogle had done, there were no traces save the glass on the floor and the curtains at the end of the hall fluttering in the breeze.
Usually, John would pull his hands back in shock. Instead, he blinked and properly met Sherlock’s eyes with focus now. He flicked his tongue over his lips unconsciously. “Is this alright?” He asked, only audible in their close quarters.
“Henry.” John said in alarm, and they both raced out of the abandoned military base and towards the rover. In the distance, they saw the struggling of three or four dark figures and the erratic light from several torches dancing along with them. Henry’s muffled cries barely made it to them through the thick, not quite fog in the field. “Henry!”
Arriving at his bedroom door, John knocked, was bid in, and entered. Bluebell was a rabbit currently, which made a visual assessment more difficult. “Any change?”
Moran’s maniacal smile stretched on his face, stretching and stretching backward into his cheeks as his nose elongated.
The fact that it was raining was only one of many things which made this meeting with Mycroft Holmes eerily reminiscent for John. It was also the fact they faced each other at a table inside Speedy’s, and that the elder Holmes had a file sealed in plastic. What seemed different was how Mycroft was looking at him.
The men seemed less than happy with the arrangement, but once sealed in… where were they going to go?
“...so likely either they wanted to lure Neighbors there and sort of make it a hot spot of unused potential, magically speaking, or whoever it was wanted to try using magic but couldn’t.”
“Gnomes, mostly… I think… so something grounded…” She mumbled, shaking her body to throw off her half-shift as she inspected the floor for clues.
Shout out to my Dad for telling which helicopter to reference here, for accuracy. Love you, Dad! Don't read this, dear god...
The sun was setting, casting their shadows down to run through the flowing grass beside them, the crashing waves spraying up enough they felt the mist shimmering with the last of the light.
Here, there were plenty of Neighbors. Mostly the sort associated closely with people, like brownies and disirs. One such sprite even jumped up to ride on John’s bag as he tapped along down the street with his cane in the other hand. He didn’t really need it too badly anymore, though if he went a day without using it he regretted it the next morning.
Making his voice portray an undercurrent of defeat, Sherlock huffed right back. “Well then, why don’t you enlighten me? What amazing event did I walk out on?”
“I didn’t want to leave my family behind. I didn’t have anything to bring me in, I didn’t have many magical friends.”
“Sherlock… Sherlock calm down. Shit, that hurts…” John hissed. He was pressing his palm into his thigh to stem the bleeding. Though he was fairly certain the bullet had gone straight through and hadn’t hit bone or anything too important… it was rather hard to say when he had to concentrate on that
There was a moment’s pause, then broken by an electronic beeping from John’s pocket. He twisted in his seat a bit to look at a black rectangle attached at his belt, like a pager, and frowned. “Excuse me.” He said, standing quickly and swiftly taking the stairs up to his room.
Distractions weren’t working, so he peeled the back off a patch with some difficulty and stuck it to his good arm. He’d allowed Mycroft to keep him in that damned place far too long. He had matters of much greater importance than removing his own cast just to annoy his brother, regardless of whatever complications it would cause should it heal improperly.
“You’re not a generational, then.” Gigi mused, stroking the cat as he curled up in her lap. That made John wrinkle his brow. Wasn’t that a person? Was it somehow actually a cat?
“Bluebell worked it out, but basically that’s what spells are. A fair exchange with fae for power. She hypothesized that’s why the circle we found in London hadn’t been activated; the few fae that could be found in the city wouldn’t agree to do whatever spell had been planned.”
on a case because it slows you down. This wound will heal and I’ll be able to keep up again in a month or two. But in the meantime, I can’t watch your back if you take off like that, and it’s not unlikely I’ll be hurt again and be unable to keep up at all. So where does that leave me?”
“Because I’m a bloody doctor, that’s why!” John insisted. “I’m not just some bloke who likes to rifle around in murder victims!” He’d gotten into something of a row with the staff sergeant in charge of the region. The citizen administrator was trying to mediate and explain things, but it seemed it wasn’t John’s day what with the self-important man standing between him and vital information.
. It caused no end to his frustration. The Doctor was causing more issues than Mycroft had anticipated.
John looked a bit wary still, but nodded and after a few minutes was able to slide into conversation and forget his apprehension.
“Not as such, but I’ll have to do as our expert was nicked. She shared a few relevant details; how to tell what sorts of fae you’re dealing with, how to deal with them without getting cursed or worse, which humans use them, how, and why… Things of that sort.” Sherlock watched carefully as John started to sweat and shiver.
Elevated heart rate, sweaty palms, trembling all over, the feeling of being smothered represented outwardly with shortness of breath. All telling signs of panic. Only Sherlock was not accustomed to these signs in himself.
“Gone. I don’t know why. Suddenly he decided to run off and put out the fire.” Sherlock looked around the ruined hall. Even the guards were gone. “He took Bluebell.”
Only having to maneuver around two of the servants of the house, John found their quarters and, more importantly, the uniforms they were to employ for the evening. So far, things were going smoothly.
“Oh, pictures, mostly.” Mrs Hudson chuckled, leaning over and flipping it open as Sherlock finished his food. “But some of them are of people you might want to know.”
Sherlock struggles with his shift, and with Bluebell unable to help, John turns to someone Sherlock is far less comfortable with...
with several guards interrupting with the cattle prods. He didn't care how long they kept him there, he wasn't eating someone.
I just wanted to say, for those who have been with me from the start and those just joining in now (whenever 'now' is for you, the reader), I appreciate you. I started this to get out an idea, and to see if I could. If it weren't for the kudos and bookmarks and lovely, lovely comments, I might have left this project off.
“Hold on…” John sat up and looked at the brunette, who hadn't moved when her boss did. “Andrea? That's your name? Why bother giving me a fake one if it was that similar?”
“I can get a microscope.” Faas jumped on the lull. “Dad has one. Ya can’t go in his study but I can get it out.”
“Nevermind, just use the emitter.” One of the handlers took out the little speakerbox-looking machine, like a sort of wonky hand radio. John recognised it, dread hardly having time to settle in his gut before the screeching had him in a cold sweat on all fours. It was a slightly lower, or slower… he couldn’t tell… but his bones creaked and nearly vibrated as the shift took him in slow motion.
two human kids, watching from the rocks. They took off quick, I don't remember much else. I couldn't believe any of it.”
Returning after a minute with a bowl of water and a cloth, Sherlock said nothing more as he worked. The warm water and soft cloth (who knew they had any left?) felt soothing enough John forgot the situation. At least until Sherlock cupped a hand behind his knee and lifted it up to rest on his shoulder.
Frown turning thoughtful, Mycroft thumped his umbrella gently, twice. “That’s never been a documented occurrence; neither of those symptoms.” He hummed.
“No matter, this will be easier.” Sherlock walked right up and knelt at John’s legs, his hands going to John’s waistband.
“She had to. Everything I needed to know about your world, I learned from her.” Sour, Sherlock closed his eyes and tried to ignore the distances he was creating.
John huffed, leaving the guard he’d knocked the breath out of for Sherlock to deal with and stepping forward. The dark circles around his eyes and gaunt figure, now he was wearing something reasonable, only served to add menace to his visage. “Let her go, now, or I will break your arm.”
that’s quite everything, brother dear…” Sherlock huffed. John had to stifle a giggle at his flatmate’s scathing endearment.
And then they were back on her, and Sherlock’s character. John supposed, as he watched them and kept to himself, that with a brother like Mycroft it was likely Sherlock had attended at least a few social gatherings of a more elite crowd. Honestly the odd part was that Sherlock had brought
John took in the surreal sight, even as a small lizard-like fae creature climbed up to his shoulder. “Um.” He looked apprehensively at Sherlock. He’d never spoken to anything fae before except the sylphs that had nearly led him away to god knows where. Sherlock nodded, so he cleared his throat and tried anyway. “Is that a name, ‘Heira’?”
“John.” Sebastian Moran greeted him warmly, and the first thing John noticed was the gas mask pulled back to rest on the man’s crown. “See you’re getting along comfortably.”
“No.” Another voice called down the stairs at the end of the hall, from which the creature had emerged. “More like a guard dog.”
“Look at this.” Bluebell gestured around at the site. It looked like a movie set, with all the ritualistic paraphernalia. In the middle of it all was a red pentagram, circled and surrounded by symbols and half-burnt candles. She pulled on her gloves and went directly there, ignoring the skulls of everything from people to birds, the other writing in several languages including English, and the splashes of what looked like dry blood everywhere. There were outlines where the three animals had been found.
Hot, cold, numb… these changed randomly, shooting through Bluebell’s diminutive form as she shook, almost rattling, in a ball under several thick comforters in the upper bedroom of 221B. Concealing her from Mycroft was moot and it was no longer safe to leave her by herself. No one would admit it out loud, and in some cases not even in their head, but John didn’t use his own bed anymore anyway. Besides, his medical tools were in there, and therefore close at hand for her.
Sherlock frowned at his transparent reflection in the glass window. He didn’t want to look at himself. “Bluebell.”
He’d been everywhere remotely possible on the bottom and ground floors without so much as a whiff of Shifter, and he’d started to regret dismissing the sylphs help so soon. But she would have caught attention if anyone there had the Sight, which there was highly likely to be at least one of.
The flight they wanted to catch was the last one that day, and though it was just a 15 minute walk to the airport they were already running late. As such, they chose to cut directly towards it instead of taking the path that wound a good ways back from the cliffs.
John is in transit and tries to figure things out, and ignore how worried he is about Sherlock. He is in some ways successful.
Yes… probably. It’s possible I continue it, I have my original chapter plans and notes. Seeing how my life is right now, and looking at the fixes I’d need to do to the previous work to undo cultural appropriation therein while still making the story work, it’s extremely unlikely.
“Not really true, though no, he doesn’t know I use his contacts. It’s really not hard to get his identification, as you recall.”
As he watched the London outskirts whip past him out the train window, Sherlock felt increasingly irritated. He’d taken this exact route three weeks prior, with John, and that made it difficult to sit still. He felt like a smoke, so he grumbled about as he withdrew a box of patches he’d gotten on his way out of hospital. One. One was all he needed.
How long? It should be a simple enough calculation once he retreated from the pain. The acid lightning was at his face, though, and his brain wasn’t communicating as it should.
Sherlock stayed silent but put out his hand. John blinked at him, then slapped the phone into his palm. Not like he could make it any worse.
As he rounded the area he’d decided was within reasonable suspicion, Sherlock moved to cross to the other side of the street. A slight breeze tickled his face, bringing with it traces of his quarry on the brisk night air which stopped him in his tracks. He lost it immediately. Set and determined to track the killer tonight, he went over the area again more carefully, mindful to stay behind cover or in shadow, where others were unlikely to wander.
“No lies, hm? How novel. That must make visits from children rather difficult.” Sherlock replied, stepping lightly as you please as he escorted the mistress around. They stopped in front of John.
Giving a curt nod to him, the woman offered her hand. “And I am Cennerous, of the Theluji clan, and emissary for my people.”
“Fine.” Mycroft took a drink of tea. “There is not much I’m at liberty to share, only that your sort,” he nodded at John, “more often than not are involved in very old, very powerful families. And, that those families do not take well to people of our sort butting in. Relations are stretched as it is, abductions similar to yours are growing more frequent. Dangerous figures are surfacing around this case. Seeing as the laws they follow and those the Crown enforce do not always mingle politely, having two persons on either side as… close… as you two breeds conflict. You have already, no doubt, noticed difficulty surrounding your collaboration efforts since the good Doctor’s nature was revealed.” Despite himself, John was reminded of the moment on the country road, when he very nearly followed a group of fae across the veil. There was no way Mycroft missed that tick. “Sherlock is not the only one to become aware of your spiritual existence, Doctor Watson. The community at large keeps its citizens close. I will not be the last to suggest you relocate, and those who come after me won’t be as subtle about it.”
how things were meant to go. What a damned mess.” She thinned her lips and checked her feet… blistered up and sore.
John pushed as hard as he could down on Moriarty’s hands and swung up with his elbow. Moriarty dodged back, then backhanded John in the face…
“Pfft. After every very nimble thing I’ve seen you do with your hands, the only way you’d hurt me doing this is on purpose.” John laughed off his dread at how he’d worded that. ‘
Whether it was better or worse for appearances, John left the b+b that night with Sherlock’s coat on, buttoned up, ‘in case anyone from the auction is there’. According to Sherlock. And without his cane, either, which both of them had agreed upon.
“Yes.” Sherlock slipped something in his back pocket and turned around, clapping his hands and looking smug. “But this way I can walk away from you if you become overly bothersome. Or distract you. Let’s go, while we still have daylight.”
He felt he’d been improving, as he’d remained human all day thus far. Now he’d snuck out to sniff out the murderer, quite literally. The same tickling Shifter scent he’d honed in on at the crime scene was amongst the tumult of smells in the angry mob that morning. There were only a few hundred Shifters in the village, and based on the order in which the rabble had gathered in relation to the first inklings of the familiar scent to Sherlock… well, only a few dozen households could play host to the particular party he sought.
John didn’t touch his tea. He just listened to the rain and London and the tap tap tapping of Mycroft’s trademark umbrella on the tile.
“John!” Sherlock hissed through his teeth and grabbed roughly at his arms, throwing him against the wooden lighthouse wall and holding him there.
John looked over, used to such little bursts from Sherlock but never blindly accepting them. “Sorry?”
It wasn’t more than ten minutes before he picked it up again. Behind a house… not leading to or from the house, though… but it did seem to lead in one direction out towards the crime scene.
” He could hear… not his voice, but one from many years in his past, and mumbled the words they’d said then; “If you give into this, you’re letting someone else dictate and snuff out your life. I know you’re stubborn enough to make up for the strength they took from you. If you can hold on… this will pass. Something better will replace it. If you can hold on.”
John was left there for a few minutes before the butler’s return, and he spent them doing breathing exercises. He wanted to break something, or yell, and especially wished he had his gun. Because even through the rage, he got the distinct twist in his gut that this was incredibly dangerous.
Sitting up and dragging his favored throw over himself as the towel slid into his lap, Sherlock’s discerning gaze followed John as he rolled down his sleeves and did up the cuffs by the door to the landing. He kept quiet, a dark expression on his face.
Mycroft drops all pretense and is an unmitigated ass, mostly because he doesn't approve of how close John and Sherlock are getting, and how dangerous that is for his brother. Damn it Sherlock, you were supposed to be above such attachments!
John groaned into his hands, unable to look at himself any longer. “I’m a licensed doctor, I’m a veteran Captain of the British Forces, I’m a fearsome werewolf…”
Mrs Hudson waved that off with a well-intentioned scoff. “There’s no need for that here, dear. I’d prefer to call you by your real name, if that’s alright. Less awkward.”
John kept eye contact and nervously licked his lips. “Nothing. I was thinking about something else.”
“Yeah, maybe for other people. But with you it usually means you’re doing something you should either have told me about, or that I really won’t appreciate.”
His senses in turmoil, John had a start when thick hands dug into his scruff and lifted him to his feet.
John let out a breath as the detective was able to regain his grip before the jar was out of his hand. They looked up but couldn’t see the gunmen past the stage lighting. They’d had to have taken Moran down much more quickly if they were going to escape. John and Sherlock exchanged looks; John of weary gratitude and Sherlock of calculation and… wanting permission. John’s head was spinning too much to catch what his friend wanted to do, but he trusted whatever it was the genius had cobbled together and gave him a minute nod.
After carefully closing the trapdoor, making certain he hadn’t caused any noise, Sherlock took out his pocket light and faced himself toward the stage. He shone the light up at the door he’d closed. As Bluebell had predicted, it had a circle drawn on it. Only because Sherlock had no affinity with magic had he passed through unimpeded. John would be unable to come out this way.
“Which are you, Mads or Strel?” He asked as he lifted her carefully away from the bed and knelt with her on the floor.
“Easy, dear.” The woman’s soft voice tried to soothe his tension, which encompassed his whole furry body. “It will wear off in a moment, and if you feel up to shedding…” She pushed a pair of hospital trousers at him with a matronly smile. “We’ll give you what little space we can.”
“I’m not the one who keeps getting kidnapped and shot, John. And making up nieces?! What the hell is that about?! If Clara had gotten that message first, she’d have flipped!”
I have a cookie for anyone who leaves a theory that turns out to be correct in the comments. There's one in this chapter that I hope comes through okay.
John couldn’t turn to look at the man, hell he could hardly stay up on his own… He settled for nodding, remembering how speaking previously had been like sandpaper in his throat.
Because I couldn't find a way to add it into the story organically, Sherlock knew someone was in the flat because of the knocker. Mycroft puts it to center, John uses it to close the door so it ends up to the right. It was to the left. Mrs Hudson doesn't touch it.
“C’mon.” He guided the detective up the stairs, “let’s get you to bed, then I can check on Bluebell.”
Finally, what he was waiting for emerged. Not from the horizon, but somehow melting out of the side of a mossy hill. He stood still, watching. Frowning.
“Wwwwhat…” He croaked, muzzle chopping in its restraint. Everything ached and he couldn’t move properly, and trying made his chains jangle… sounds, sounds were torture. They grated against his eardrums, nearly enough to make them burst under the pressure.
Not that he had to ask, John was pointedly staring at a spot about ten feet above their heads and off down the road. Opposite the way they had to go. “Do you know her? Bluebell, like me but a rabbit.”
John started as he moved his hand at the soft voice he realized was directly above him. Sherlock stared down with a mute expression and his sharp, raptorial eyes. Neither moved.
John looked at Sherlock, who was in better shape than he was. But not by much. “Are we going to investigate this place right now? Sneak in?”
It was potent and dangerous to give up hair to a Neighbor, but he was out of time and couldn’t afford to offer something that could incite haggling.
Bluebell looked up from scratching behind her ear. It had been ages since she’d shifted and it was very uncomfortable. “Will I…”
“Yeah, you did.” John concentrated on his task. “It’s unacceptable for you to have to consider things outside of the case while you’re working.”
Bluebell sighed and replaced her cup in its saucer, keeping tuned to the hall Kirsty had gone down. She couldn’t hear any of this. “Safer, less conspicuous. Until the gene therapy finally kicked in. She hadn’t thought it would, it took a week from injection to be remotely detectable in my fur. By then it was too late to take me back, but Kirsty started telling people I was a fairy, and Bluebell had to go. Had to be something a child made in her fantasies. She doesn’t know.”
John sniffed and rubbed his nose. “Yeah. The week. Then the month, the year, and however long past that I damn well please.”
Finally sitting up and opening the file, Sherlock side-eyed his partner. “Autopsy report. You substantiated these?”
The wind whipped John’s Haversack as much as it could off his form as he stood out on the tarmac of a little private airstrip in the Irish countryside.
After some brown alcohol Sherlock had taken as the waiter’s recommendation, plus a bit of fresh air where he wasn’t fake laughing or pandering, Sherlock had rejoined the fray. He was dancing with the lady of the house, who seemed quite taken with him. That was, of course, the point. Still.
John read on about the woman twice taking a paddle to her stepson, a teenager from their client’s previous marriage, and the more disturbing part of this case which likely led it to them at all… that this woman had been seen, firsthand, by her husband… drinking the blood from the neck of their infant son.
“Seven. Bluebell marked the others at your auction and herself so you could find them. We need to go over rules prior to starting that off. There are bigger targets to find. This can’t be the only zoo Moriarty is keeping.”
“I thought we were past this.” John said coldly, loud enough only as it was appropriate for how close they were. It would have been a whisper otherwise.
She stopped at the end of the plank, before the ladder to the roof, and turned. Sherlock thought she was giving up until he saw her grin and her eyes flash. He pushed himself harder.
“But of course a Sleigh Beggy would bring out all sorts. Likely why so many lots were included this time.”
For a tick, John thought maybe it passed by unnoticed, getting another ‘Hm,’ from Sherlock. Then the detective did a double take to look John right in the eye.
“You look pretty happy, then.” A sly voice rose from atop a set of bookshelves, and John looked up to see Faas. He didn’t bother covering a large yawn.
But he brushed it off, inspecting his hand. There were several shards of glass in it. He had to consider what to do… leaving with them could lead people to look for them, and if Stewards situation wasn't obvious, it could easily seemed like a mishap. But leaving bloody shards, especially if they were checked for DNA, could be much more incriminating.
Back in a cab on their way across town to the crime scene, Sherlock had his hands lined up in front of his face, eyes closed, as he went through and stored the information Molly had rattled off. Latin names of the animals there, how long they’d been dead, what had been taken, the three different states of them (clean, middle of the road, mutilated), possibilities of where they’d come from… monkeys weren’t exactly common in London apart from the zoos, none of which had any missing animals of any variety.
“Fine. I’d been away from the flat for two weeks before I found you. Mrs Hudson got into everything and ruined all my experiments, and I haven’t had time or supplies to start them over, or test new things.”
The ringing that clouded his hearing hid the crunch of dirt nearby, but did not conceal the whipping wind created by quick-spinning blades. Sherlock tried to deduce if it were friend or foe upon him, most likely the former as the sun was up and none had come to finish him off in the hours he had been trapped. He lay still anyway, to be safe, as he listened to the rotors slow after the landing.
“You’re taking this seriously and you want me to believe what you have to say, not just pacify me.” John spoke as if making a guess, albeit an educated one. Then, unexpectedly, his eyes flashed and though he didn’t move, he filled the space between them. “And, or, you’re testing me. I’m listening properly, Sherlock. Just tell me straight out what happened. I don’t want to circle around defensively. What happened when you went searching for Moriarty?”
When they finally got their shit together enough to leave for Iceland, Sherlock couldn’t get out of the flat fast enough. The little Shifter seemed to prefer him, for reasons he didn’t understand, to John or Mrs Hudson. It wasn’t as if she was crawling over him or asking him a million questions. If fact, he often forgot she was there. Until he looked up, basically at any time, including right as he woke up. Then he had her deep, inquisitive eyes staring at him.
The Bakkakarlinn looked as if it were made of an angry black storm cloud, in the shape of a man, with firefly eyes. At times the swirling mass of its face illuminated in the red sky of the setting sun opened, looking like a gaping maw.
Boscombe ‘Valley’ was the name of a large farmland nearby shared by a couple of older men. They had their own houses about a mile apart, the pond about halfway between them. One of these men was the murder victim, and his son the prime suspect arrested for the crime.
John leaned over the case, looking through it for his toothbrush. “But she’d have had protection, wouldn’t she?”
Finally getting a purpose, John stood and stretched. “Yeah, even if you didn’t go to the auction yourself, you know more about the Shifter trade. Tell me Mr Blythe, if you’re not a supporter of slavery, why were you complicit in the crime?” John turned to him with a frown.
John scrunched up his face. He wasn’t shifting. Was that what the sprite was asking for? Something impressive…
“Sherlock…” He had to grab the detective’s arm as he tried to sweep past him. “I thought you said it was safer for me to do it.”
John looked sideways at the barrel, and along it back to the threat; a woman John had never seen before. He tried to read her as Sherlock would, but only got surface details; about his age, maybe a tad older, possibly South American, already silvered hair...
John pushed himself to move faster, gritting his teeth, but he was already slowing. His leg wouldn’t cooperate, even though he’d been able to remove the stitches. He cursed as Sherlock rounded the stairs into the guard tower and vanished from sight.
Even without any fancy machines, Sherlock had been able to determine with relative certainty that the cube given to Bluebell was in fact a harmless caramel and nothing more. That didn’t bother the detective nearly as much as the familiar, somewhat suggestive nickname the younger Kar had pinned to John.
John shut his eyes and raised one hand a bit so he could slam it back down on the door. “This is exactly like at the auction, Sherlock. You have no idea… the feeling of subjugation, having
“He was and he wasn’t. People keep a particular sense about them forever, I’ve found. But John lost nearly all of it during his service.” Mike’s jovial face took on an almost alien sense of sadness and contemplation. “He got back and it just… confidence, weight, humor, color… people change as they age, yeah, but that wasn’t it at all. Now, though…”
John was caught now, staring and taken aback. The others seemed to crowd him, now he’d started speaking to them, they clamored to touch him and some even played or sang.
The possibilities included someplace in South America, (John wished he remembered more from geography class…) one in Iceland, and another in Canada. The last of the seven, not including the ones Andrea and Mycroft had claimed, was in England. They came to an agreement that they’d go after that one last. It was the likeliest to blow the operation, the most people who could recognize them for who they were around there. Sherlock did say he’d employ his homeless network to keep an eye on the area.
Bluebell nibbled at her biscuit and somehow managed to give the impression she was looking down at Sherlock, despite the fact she was only around five feet tall. Sherlock put a half-finished theory about a Shifter’s size correlating to their animal in a nook in his mind palace for later.
“Do stop tapping your foot, it’s annoying.” Sherlock said as he finally took out his phone. They’d just found seats on the last train back to London, and Bluebell wasn’t impressed with his superior attitude apparently.
It felt right, sinking down and growing warm… her ears, especially. Never once in her life did Bluebell feel quite right with human’s ears.
Looking up from where he was trying to hold a map against the wind enough to read it, John felt odd hearing Sherlock speak. At first, he wasn’t actually sure he’d heard it.
his life? Even under the scrutiny of a genius, knowing he was playing with fire while he was working and living with Sherlock Holmes of all people? Was Harriet right to think doing anything else would result in him losing his humanity?
“Quite anticlimactic.” Sherlock mumbled in the passenger seat as John stalled the rover for the second time. John just grinned.
“I dunno, Greg. Something’s changed in the past little while with those two. Something not about cases. He needed this, y'know? He’s getting himself back.”
Smiling sadly, knowingly, Kar nodded. “I expect you didn’t. Why do you think I came after you myself? Because it’s too dangerous to file a police report, in case our hidden nature is revealed?” She laughed humorlessly. “I could file ten, a hundred, one for every person living in this village, yet it would make no difference. First Nations people go missing constantly, mostly women, and nothing is ever done. The people of this country would rather not remember they slaughtered us and took everything from us and shoved us in remote locations without resources.”
“John Watson." He replied. "You said that before, too. What is ‘shedding’?” John asked, stretching and rolling his bad shoulder as he looked over at Colonel. Strel hissed at him. He ignored it.
The detective didn’t answer. He stepped out of the rover and left the door open as he walked forwards and ran his gloved hand over the empty poles sticking out of the earth, fingers skipping over the holes where the tin sign used to rest.
“You should not be here, Heira.” She said in a smooth, deep voice in a heavy accent Sherlock recognized as hailing from the middle of Africa somewhere. His theory about shift pertaining to origin was called into serious question.
“Don’t get cross, you’d ask the exact same thing. You had to identify the warrah after you saw it.” John sat back on his haunches now he saw Sherlock wasn’t in pain or under duress anymore. “Also you seem to have thumbs, you lucky git.”
like them. Why risk this at all? Why not get Mycroft to begin with?” He asked, eyes cold, daring the detective to… to what? Sherlock couldn’t quite grasp…
Sherlock began to slow his breathing, searching John for a lie. The vivid red caught his eye and he looked over at the thick blood coating John’s hand. “She…”
Both of them seemed subtly shocked by this gesture at the same time. Sherlock's hand froze only a whisper of a moment before it withdrew, and he turned and walked out easily.
Sherlock stepped past him and scooped the feather up, replacing it in the pouch and then his pocket. “The fairy ring is just there.”
“Thought never occurred, no.” John answered shortly, readying himself for a condescending rant when all he wanted was to sleep for a few hours.
“How exceedingly rude of me, a thousand apologies my lady. It is because of your personage and your elite history that I have finally come. I am Antone Cavendish, of the London Cavendish’s, and this is my companion, Mr John Malone.
Sherlock made a sardonic face. “How long have you known me, and how many things you thought I was incapable of have I done in that time?”
“Yes. Dr Stapleton told me about your questioning and your discoveries.” Bluebell’s stern gaze turned to one of smug superiority, and she crossed one leg over the other. It stopped tapping. “You were wrong.”
Mycroft twirled his umbrella. “Never wonder, Doctor Watson, why I had her scoop you up the first time, and not the black suits that I've engaged ever since?”
So now that Sherlock was sat in the tub and John was massaging shampoo through the sticky mess in his hair, John was almost relaxed.
Mike pushed the leather case he’d been hauling over to John, getting a look of relief and appreciation.
John just rolled his eyes and hung his jacket by the door before rolling up his sleeves. He gave the couch a sidelong glance but decided it was fine for the time being. Sherlock was not in nearly as bad a shape as the woman upstairs. So he continued on his way.
“So…” She began. There was something peculiar that stuck out to her. “Did you learn how to seem like you care from John, or did he open up the part of you that actually does?”
“I can see that.” Mrs Hudson put a hand on Bluebell’s shoulder before she looked up to watch Sherlock come back into the cozy space. He’d been much more silent on his way back down, apparently, and no longer had either his nor John’s coat. He allowed himself to be ushered into the remaining kitchen chair, the older woman standing behind him like a doting hen.
She watched the Neighbors in the room closely, mostly familiars brought along with mages or alchemists, and took stock of what they seemed capable of. She had some skill identifying the types of Fae, but was still nowhere near what she’d like for a situation this tense. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to see them at all, and with his plans that was very dangerous. She hoped he could find John quickly…
care, very deeply. But it seemed like it was only for a small section of people, or something he could usually put aside. So that begged the question in John’s mind; was Sherlock actually as callous as he seemed at times like these? Or was he just doing things the only way he understood how?
“What the ffff-” Taking a deep breath and letting out a soft chuckle, John stepped forward. “Bugger it, yeah alright.” He got in, Sherlock closed his door and went around. “At least tell me you got me some shades, too.”
As Sherlock paid the cabbie, John opened 221B with thoughts of a shower and a winker on his mind. Whatever the hell had happened when he was talking to the sylphs had drained him, made him feel clammy and not right in his own skin.
She returned to clicking furiously, the creature at her back poking along with her on the tiny keyboard.
“Yes, of course. Sussex, was it? Have Mr Ferguson meet us at Victoria station by 9:30 this evening, I need to see the house. John and I will stay at an inn and come over in the morning.”
There wasn’t so much as a lift in the lighthouse. It had been renovated, but only modestly, more of a restoration in all likelihood. There were racks built into the walls filled with bottles of wine, an industrial sized refrigerator, and a small kitchen in the base of it. And a dumbwaiter that fed itself up the stairwell. John guessed most of the owner’s time was spent upstairs, and moved further in and up.
Sherlock stayed stock still, apparently thinking, for a few minutes. At least until they were in the air, and the vast unpleasantness of popping ears was over with. Bluebell had stopped paying attention. She wasn’t going to push.
John was led out, wearing his ridiculous BDSM outfit, to meet Sherlock in the middle of the floor. Though it was unlikely anyone could see through the oni mask, Sherlock was sure to look down at his companion with a cold stare.
He turned directly towards the creature, which had grown ten feet into a thin, black creature with spiral horns and a protruding maw beneath the veil over it’s face.
John was a bit surprised to hear the young voice of Mads. He hadn’t thought anyone else was human in here. “Yeah, Captain Watson. I’ve been out a while. What’s happened?”
Something light with a sharp edge hit him in the head and he sat up. There was a paper ball on his lap, where it had rolled.
“Walk.” A deep voice commanded. He wracked his brain but couldn’t place the familiar voice. “You’ll be on the block soon. If you make a fuss on stage, if you compromise this auction in any way, there will be no second chance. I will shoot you down. Do you understand?”
“Not ‘Where are John and Henry?’ Ah right. You become single minded when you’re emotional.” Mycroft appeared beside him as the stretcher was raised into the chopper, cutting off a scathing retort. “Mr Knight has been taken to hospital, if you recover your sense enough to take notice.” Mycroft examined his umbrella, failing to look bored (at least to Sherlock). “We really must discuss the kind of company, however little of it, that you keep. Really, Sherlock…” He tsked as if he were a disappointed mother (which he’d never admit he often felt like), “an unregistered Shifter.”
John looked at him while he twisted the top off his water. “Do we have a case?” He closed the fridge and started towards his chair. Before he could get there, Sherlock sat up, and a brown fuzzy lump slid from Sherlock’s chest where his hands had rested to his lap.
“I guess it's only fair.” John relented. Anything to distract him from the hunger pains. He moved into a more comfortable position and decided where to start. “When I was a kid, around eleven
Sherlock, on the other hand, was entirely ignoring the auction. He made his way over to John and knelt with him, checking him over. When he went to undo the coat, John hissed in a whisper.
John wouldn’t approve. He was far more on edge after the assault via egg than Sherlock was. If nothing else, it proved he was in far less danger here than in London. For whatever reason, it seemed at least one Neighbor was inclined enough to shield him when Miss Kar could not. Not that he considered himself an easy victim, in any case.
Standing there with the wind whipping his closed coat all around him and tugging at his scarf, Sherlock pushed his hands into his pockets and looked out on the ragged outcroppings, the lush greenery, and the crashing salty waves. “The other ways someone like me can See?”
Sherlock slid in and grabbed John’s hand in both of his. Of course, he could see nothing of the thing pulling John down, nor could he hear the awful cawing screech the creature gave off. Sherlock’s eyes wildly searched their area, he wouldn’t be able to hold long with the strength of the Bakkakarlinn pulling as much as it was. He spotted the cane a foot away and lunged for it, but seagulls swooped in around him. In John’s awareness now was a cacophony of the birds and the creature. He yelled, cementing his grip on Sherlock as the waves below cast up an icy spray that half soaked John’s trousers. The shock of it made him flinch and gasp, and he looked down.
“Sherlock… jesus.” Taking his hand off the wound, John put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and shoved him up out of his lap to face him. “Look at me. It fucking
Everything came rushing back, all his senses, much too quickly. A heat, a rage he’d never known. As the woman groaned, getting her own senses back, Sherlock was upon her.
"So..." John started as the train began to pull away from the bustling London station. "Switzerland."
“Sherlock!” He pulled on the detective’s arm to stop him walking. “It’s pitch dark out here, it’s not safe to speed through the wilderness like that, and you need to explain what the hell we’re doing.”
Yes they are sleeping together now. Do they see it as a man and a dog? Does just one of them? Are they thinking about it that deeply?
John looked away, at nothing. “Sherlock then. He has no right…” his voice trailed off and he got foam on his lip as he muttered and drank at the same time.
“I have no clue, no idea why the hell, after all this time, you’re getting yourself sucked into this bullshit again, John! And don’t you dare try to deny it, you went missing and they came to try covering it up, make sure I wouldn’t raise a stink, and I know why. It’s exactly like back at the beach house,
It took the better part of an hour, starting with jumping some poor bloke’s fence to get to the trees, then navigating them, and ending in the manicured lawn (he’d say lawn, but what he’d mean would be a football stadiums worth of mowed grass) before an impressively large house that looked as if it had once been a church.
” John grabbed Sherlock by the collar and pulled him in, which stunned the detective into silence. “No.” He hissed, his voice leveled and dark, a warning left from time as a soldier. “If you dare do something so fucking
“You can’t draw conclusions like that without significantly more reliable data.” The deep voice from where it hadn’t moved croaked a little, sounding disapproving and disappointed.
And halfway around the world, even as Sherlock and John were boarding the train to Switzerland, Andrea and Mycroft were not fucking around.
Panic rising up as what John suspected was a side effect of the Bakkakarlinns touch, he grabbed the cane tightly and swung it out around his legs. “Fuck off!” He bellowed.
“Overly sentimental…” Mycroft mumbled before standing up and flipping open another file on top of several he’d been perusing. He’d still been engaged with sorting out the mess that had become of Baskerville. “Find me something on this woman with him…”
“Pills.” John responded similarly, with a smirk. Sherlock responded in kind, the lightness of the expression reaching his eyes.
It was a map drawn in the dirt, the style something akin to an old parchment you’d see in a museum. John didn’t recognize any of the markers on it, and the coastlines even seemed… wrong, somehow.
“Your word. Your word that whatever the hell happens to either of us, Kirsty gets ‘Bluebell’ back. She’s already lost her mother and I’m not exactly confident I won’t be caged or killed on this expedition.”
“I’m making myself comfortable, seeing as we will be here a few hours at least, and I asked if you were
More giggling, for fucks sake, and then everything faded into the pain that locked him inside his body.
Closing her in again, John smiled tiredly at the boy who shared the back seat with him. “Yeah. I’m not certain she’ll know where she is when I wake her. She wasn’t really cognizant when we talked about it. But this is best.”
“I don’t need the hassle, the little twerp confessed at the scene. Doesn’t matter if he took it back the next second, he’s our perp, and there’s no need to let some
His fears were somewhat confirmed when the butler came in, this time closely followed by a spirit that towered over him a step behind. It was thin, and resembled a scarecrow. John could tell, though, that the burlap face was something hiding its actual appearance. It gave off a dense feeling of dread, and the noises coming from it were akin to rapid clicking.
But, maybe because his resolve was no longer needed or maybe because of simply coincidence, Sherlock shifted so quickly he ended up a couple inches off the floor and fell to it on paws and tail with a low, dull thud. He looked pitiful in that moment, still holding the throw with one paw and gazing upwards.
“Sherlock, stop!” Unable to use either hand, John reached out with the handle of his cane, hooking it over Sherlock’s arm and tugging.
“It’s alright… you’re at Baker Street, dear. You can change as you like, no one will force you.” Mrs Hudson spoke clearly, as she’d been instructed by John before he’d taken off, as she did each time Bluebell Shifted or shed. She seemed to have no control over it, and each time it cracked her bones and caused her mind and body a terrible ache. She sobbed quietly and ground her teeth.
“I didn’t see him give her anything, I don’t think… he flicked his fingers along her chin before he got up, that’s the closest I saw his hands to her face. But she wasn’t really with it at the time, I don’t know if she knows what he said.” Looking Sherlock right in the eye now, John sat up straight and thinned his lips. “He was definitely testing me, goading me. He wanted to see what I’d react to. How hard I’d hold onto him when I escorted him out of the room.” Nodding his head with finality, John gave his answer. “No. I don’t think he poisoned Bluebell. I think the whole point of coming in here was for me, or Faas, or you. It was all some test of our reactions and boundaries.” While Sherlock was studying him, as an afterthought, John added “Oh, and he called me ‘pet’’. Whatever that’s supposed to mean, I don’t want to know.” he huffed.
“We will begin with item 563, Dr John Watson. Remember folks, with the proper discipline, this little soldier can be an invaluable subordinate. Holmes here has proven how easily he can be trained, for the full account you need only access his blog.”
“... never spoke to me again after that. Called me a witch, if you can believe it. ‘Satan’s whore’ were his exact words. Seems a shame I never learned a single spell my whole life.” Tae Yun chuckled as she finished her account involving her ex husband. She was one of the Shifters that hadn't been on the plane with them, a dalmatian pelican shift from Korea. They'd been trading stories to pass the time, now that everyone was free to shift and shed as they saw fit. The new overseer of the operation was a plain woman with sharp eyes and a large collar lined with spotted fur. John was never close enough to determine if it was animal fur or… something else. He tried not to think about it. She’d put up several complicated circles in an ink John could not compare to anything he'd ever smelled. They were dark, not quite black, and every enclosure had at least one. Then she’d been content to bugger off somewhere. They only saw her at feeding times. Of which John had exactly zero.
The officer puffed out his chest and came around to stand in front of John, leaving only a few inches between them.
So. Seeing as this chapter is going to be so very long, I have decided to break it into five parts. I think it's better to do it this way, so I can update more often. It's making the chapter numbers go wonky on me and that's irksome, but I think... with time... I will get over it.
“Just you wait…” John sighed, finishing his toast and eyeing his partner. “It’s true then? Your family is big in the Shifter community?”
As the cliche of small town b+b’s attested, the breakfast served in a cozy kitchen nook was homemade and quite excellent. John left feeling stuffed, which only added to the good mood he’d started the day with.
“Good, done.” Sherlock said after a minute of staring and circling and bending over until his nose nearly touched the ground all around it. As soon as he’d said it, the wind kicked up again and wiped it bare, just another patch of soil. John could hear giggling from somewhere in the trees. When he turned to look, Sherlock was already hiking off the way they’d come.
"The Bugul-noz..." John started, lifting his chin in the knowledge Sherlock wouldn't ignore him now, "was a small humanoid, and a very ugly one at that. It had on clothes, molding clothes that were growing things, and held a wooden crook."
“If you’re going to be snippy about something that’s no longer relevant, we’re not going to get anywhere. It’ll be hard enough working with Bluebell, especially if they decide she’s too ‘different’. You need the Kar’s help. Obviously I can’t help you properly.”
John stepped in front of Sherlock, facing him. “Let’s have it.” He put out his hand. He had a sick feeling in his gut they needed to finish this task before long, and especially before the sun was completely down.
“Hm. At the very least I'd hoped you'd be grateful I, as you requested, ‘let myself in’.” Mycroft said in a haughty tone, as was his wont.
“That’d be great. She’s sure to love your bacon.” John smiled warmly at her before turning to Sherlock’s impatient tutting. “Good night.”
John turned, seeing Sherlock at the door, leaning against the frame as he lifted his gaze from the side (to be aloof, to ‘look cool’) up to John’s face. He wore his careful, neutral expression but his eyes were compassionate. So many people mistook the icy blue for cold (and it sometimes… often… was. But not always).
John dropped his chin a bit, an odd feeling resonating from where he was being touched to down into his chest. “Sherlock.” There was no indication the animal heard him. “Sherlock.” John said again, surprising himself with his patience with this situation. He raised his hands and caught the soft, furry wrists to stop them. He was surprised at how thick the fur was, his hands sank deep into it.
Currently, John was caught in a trap circle, Sherlock was using an enviable skill he possessed for improvised weaponry, and Bluebell was half-shifted… which looked very odd… as she fought against someone who’d gotten her arms trapped behind her back.
John put his hands, folded, on the table. “This is not clearing out heroin or hiding a pack of cigarettes, though I should resent the implication. I’ve lived for years without incident, a couple of them with Sherlock even, so I’d say you either give some proof I’m a threat or bugger off about it. As far as I can see, there’s no reason it’s any of your business.”
Two weeks. That’s the amount of time Sherlock lost, mostly lost, while he was made to stay in hospital and give his arm time to mend. Apparently, Mycroft didn’t trust him on his own to keep the cast on. The only reason he tolerated it, mostly, was that people (mostly his assistant) brought him nearly everything he requested. Mostly information. That, coupled with the internet, was something at least.
He turned to look at Sherlock, his eyes wide with fright. The detective was still grinning, and spoke calmly and quietly.
