This burlesque club, of course, is also heavily relying on costumes. Since Balthazar is going to make Castiel wings (which still makes him feel both flattered and just plain weird) he is happy to see how people carry their elaborate outfits. Being perfectly in time with music, moving every piece of your body and outfit just-so, knowing when to crack a joke… Sure, Castiel could learn this — in years and years of practice. These people are professionals, and nothing in their performances hints otherwise. If he can fake even twenty percent of the confidence of a person who knows what they’re doing, Castiel will be perfectly fine.
”This fuckwit here,” Dean says, sticking up a thumb and pointing it towards Castiel, ”forgot his employee discount card.”
“Of course, you can consult your employees on this,” Dean says. “I, for one, know that you should always consult your colleagues. I was about to make a bad deal the other week, but-”
With a thud, Dean closes the lid of the computer and takes Castiel’s wrists to pin him down on the mattress below him. Castiel blinks at the sudden turn of events, but there’s no part in his body that isn’t aching for this right now.
“There’s someone else in my life, and as long as I can’t say I have absolutely no feelings towards them, I can’t have a steady… anything with anyone.”
Another surge in his spine — but this is excitement. Did Dean just made it known that he’s wanted there? It shouldn’t even matter. If Dean’s looking for another quick lay and thinks Castiel is gullible enough to say yes, especially after his words on the beach, he can think again.
Dean said nothing more, so Castiel pocketed his phone and looked around. Halloween parties had always kind of been out of his reach, not having the friends or the interest to join them earlier. It was nice, for a change, to feel like everyone else. Being able to go unrecognized furthered the pleasant experience and with a sudden burst of braveness, Castiel got up from his seat.
There was a smile on Charlie's face. A small one, and short definitely, but she was definitely pleased with Dean or herself or both.
“No,” he interrupts Kevin, “I don’t know where we’re headed, although as you already know I’m not looking for anything romantic. I want my friend back, and right now it seems like that’s exactly what’s going to happen.”
“There’s no bad blood between us now, for which I’m grateful, but it was awkward for a while. Anyway, I did what most young men did when they realized they’re gay – I went to a gay bar.”
“I don’t think so. I think I want to talk to you, but I think it’s better if you don’t see my face. I might get nervous.”
His voice cuts out abruptly for a while, and when it returns, it’s colder than Castiel has ever heard it.
“We’re not exactly talking right now,” Castiel hums. “But thank you for this information. You really owed me nothing and I’m sorry I took up your free time. Can I repay you somehow?”
Castiel sighs. The guy’s right. He hasn’t exactly given him a chance yet; he’s been too frustrated with his lack of sleep.
He was lying in his brother's couch and had to focus for a while to remember anything that wasn't Dean's perfect voice and the way he used words for him.
Castiel still had no answer to this. When Dean had first asked him to come to the Halloween masquerade, he had first thought about how much he
The heavy feeling in his chest was not to be cheated with small talk, he knew that. Still, it was worth the shot.
Sam ends the call and Castiel huffs out a breath. Not only does he have to deal with the most awkward phone call in the history of mankind, he has to meet with Sam and pretend everything is alright.
Dean starts running his fingers through Castiel’s hair. Shivers run down his body, and he feels the sudden urge to climb on top of Dean and kiss him breathless.
After what feels like an eternity but is exactly three minutes, he opens his conversation with James. He’s been worried sick and missing him all day, and he wants to use this time to try to reconcile.
Castiel tries to build up confidence. James believes in him. Dean believes in him, too. Charlie believes in him. He doesn’t want to let those people down.
”But recently, I’ve developed this feeling of not being…” The word was heavy on his tongue and he considered before using it, ”
“I want to know about the person who I’m replacing,” he mumbles. Rowena yelps and scoffs, but places her hand on her mouth to regain control of himself.
”Please don’t fight,” a young man says, coming to a halt next to them. His name tag says Alfie and he’s posture says awkward from head to toe. ”Or yell, or swear. There’s kids-”
“Epsom salt will relax your muscles, and help with your circulation. You’re going to need that considering how tightly you’re wound up right now.”
“I’m never going to get used to you in that apron, am I?” Castiel asks. Dean walks around the counter and gives Castiel a chaste kiss.
“Alright. I’m gonna let you in on a secret. I’ve been hesitant today. I’ve been hesitant – not of us, of course. I know we’re solid. I’ve just feared you’re unhappy with me. You know what I was like when we met. I have come a long way, but sometimes I just take a step or two back and get nervous or anxious over whether you’re truly happy and if you really want to be with me, because you could get anyone else-“
“Well, I like to think that I’m protecting the weak. I’m trying to keep bad things from getting to kids, or sick people, or those who’ve already suffered enough. From what I’ve seen of demons, they do it because they wanna. They don’t need to kill humans to survive, they just wanna play games. But,” he sighs, “I see what you mean. Sometimes I think it’s a bit of a moral grey area, too. Then again, I’ve never claimed to be a good person, so. Killing these things is the nicest thing I do for people.”
Castiel knows the story through and through. He knows how this naive girl about to suffer from the repercussions of a bad day with her doctor is going to grow up to be the most badass mom and exactly the sort of hero more people should look up to. Because while she’s not out there wearing a cape or a lame set of overwear-underwear, she learns to live with herself, her new situation. Hell, she can even chase after her dreams. She helps many along the way, and her story will never be complete.
Stumbling over the step leading up to the room, Dean had to grab the side of the doorframe for balance and came to a screeching halt there.
A few moments later his body just deflated. His shoulders folded in on themselves. He continued, quieter now. “And then saying that other crap?” He couldn’t bring himself to address Castiel’s declaration any more precisely, scared of opening up that can of worms.
Castiel looked at Dean for a long moment, face entirely unimpressed from the bad bible joke, before he turned on his heels and walked to the backroom to grab some tweezers. “The barrel’s. It clearly has the higher chance of winning.”
Maybe it was what he deserved though. He’d saved some people, sure, but how many died for him? How many people had Dean sacrificed for Sam or for Castiel? Maybe this was karma finally coming for him. Maybe Castiel had to die so Dean could atone for his sins. God knows he had too many of those.
The trip to the hunter’s bedroom was not an easy one – he wasn’t a small guy by any means and without his angel powers Castiel had to rely solely on his human strength and stubborn determination – but in the end he managed to get Dean to lie down in his bed, still half asleep.
He only came back to his senses when Sam cleared his throat and asked, “So what happened? How did you come back?”
Dean sat on Eileen’s couch, beer in hand, football game on silent on the TV, looking out the front window at the bustling street. They’d moved into a quiet neighbourhood but a nice fall day like this tended to coax everyone outside for what might be the last warm day of the year.
“I know, Dean. I’m not happy about this either, believe me. But I have no power in the Empty.” Sadness joined kindness and sorrow.
Dean pushed down the Play button on the player and stared into the empty space as the opening sounds of Led Zeppelin’s
The way Jack tilted his way to the side in confusion reminded Dean so much of Castiel that he hurried to keep talking before he could dwell on it too much. “I know you still beat yourself up about what happened with Mom. I know you feel guilty about it. But the fact that you know what you did was wrong? That’s the important thing. Y made a mistake. It wasn’t even really you, hell, you basically had no soul left and I know what that’s like. We’ve all done shit we regret, Sam has when he was soulless, I have when I was a demon, Cas-” Dean looked away for a second and coughed around the lump in his throat. “What I’m trying to say, I realize that you’ve been trying your best to get better. I know I’ve been too hard on you since – Well always, really. I haven’t treated you right. I haven’t been here for you the way Cas and Sam have and I’m also sorry for that. And what happened with Mom…”
The older Winchester got up, leaving the bottle on the table, reaching over the table to grab Sam’s out of his hand and letting it join his own.
Turning around perplexed, his confusion only deepened when Dean sat up slightly and buried his face in the dog’s neck. “Hey there, handsome. Sorry for not letting you in last night.”
The hunter scoffed. “Yeah, I’ve heard that lie before. Hell, I’ve taught you that lie. So how ‘bout you tell me where it hurts and we can make this quick, huh?”
Claire had immediately taken to the role of a protective older sister though, uncaring that the kid she saw as a little brother in need was more powerful than anyone else in the universe. She’d also, in Dean’s humble opinion, been an awful influence on him, he mused with a fond smile.
He jumped when a hand settled on the crook of his elbow. Dean’s gaze shot over to the chair next to the bed and felt himself slumping over with relief.
Unknown to the man sitting on the bed with a faraway look in his eyes, hand resting on the spot where just hours before, his heartbeat lived, Dean Winchester nodded to the reaper standing next to him, a loving smile on his face. “He’ll be fine now.”
Dean smiled warmly at her for a second before it turned into a surprised grin. “Wait a minute, you’ve been watching Haunting of Hill House!”
At the promise of food Dean jumped out of the bed and was at the door before Castiel could even finish rolling his eyes.
The smirk on Castiel’s face got wider. “Oh, but Dean, it is! You wanted me back, didn’t you? Well, here I am! This is what you wanted.” His left hand still holding Dean’s wrist in a death grip that cut off the blood supply to his fingers, Castiel lifted the other hand to wrap it around Dean’s throat, squeezing tightly.
Instead of his heart it was now Dean’s brain that stopped cooperating. All he could do was stare dumbfounded at the mop of Castiel’s dark head where it was hanging down between his slumped shoulders. “I am aware that you don’t feel the same way and I would never expect you to. I just need you to know that. I hope this will not change how you see me. I’m perfectly happy with our friendship the way it is if you are okay with it, knowing how I feel. But I also don’t blame you if you aren’t. You just …” Dean’s heart broke a little for the man in front of him when his voice cracked. “All you have to do is tell me you’re uncomfortable with me being here and I’ll be on my way,” Casiel pressed out quickly, still not meeting Dean’s eyes.
Human but somehow still looking like an enormous powerful celestial being, Dean couldn’t help but choke out a laugh that became hysterical quickly.
Dean must have dozed off at last, his body finally giving in to the need to pass out because he shot upright disoriented from his shallow slumber when the heavy bunker door slammed open against the wall behind it. He didn’t think much of it except
Charlie and Stevie were deep into conversation with none other than Rowena who had showed up at some point with the demand to be filled in on what the hell had happened topside and then promptly forcing Sam to go get her a glass of wine.
All this information wasn’t news to Sam. Everyone with eyes knew how Castiel felt about Dean. Except Dean, obviously.
Decades of not knowing what was going to come next, one monster worse and more terrifying than the next.
Sam watched Dean’s reaction for a moment with a grin before he rolled his eyes. “C’mon, let’s sit down so you can explain what the hell happened, Cas.”
He stood, paralyzed and could only watch with terror as a dozen or so of the demonic creatures made their way towards him, seemingly not in a hurry. Their prey wasn’t going anywhere so why rush?
“Yeah you’d know all about looking at someone like they hung the moon, don’t you?” Sam smirked down at Castiel who smiled back proudly.
“Yeah, we didn’t necessarily want you to die but we did expect you one hell of a lot sooner than this,” came from behind the bar and Dean didn’t have to look up to know it was Ellen who spoke while drying a glass with a rag.
Her and Jack had become fast friends, mostly because of the shared father figure they saw in Castiel, Dean assumed and maybe because they both favoured the lovely pastime of making Dean’s life hell. The pranks he’d been subjected to, he knew, were Claire’s doing. Jack was too sweet to plan something like covering Baby in her entirety with post it notes or filling her up to the brim with pennies.
Okay, true, Dean had kissed many people in his life time and meant little by it. He deserved that. But he was full of determination to make Castiel see he was speaking the truth. Even if it took him a while. So he smiled patiently, his fingers still stroking the other man’s stubbly cheek. “Good things do happen, Castiel.”
And of course the whole thing with Chuck didn’t help. Announcing everything we’ve ever done wasn’t even us, but him? That we never had any choice? I figured my feeling didn’t matter anyway. Or yours, for that matter. Right until – right until he told us he never had any control over you. And suddenly your speech, that whole ‘We’re real’ thing, it felt … Well, real.”
The sight of Jack staring at his shoes with his shoulders shaking in a way that showed how much he was struggling giving him the last push he needed. Dean pushed his chair back from the table, stood up and went over to come to a halt in front of the kid. Putting a hand on his shoulder, he gave it a squeeze and waited until he looked up at him through tears in his lashes.
They’d invited Adam over as well but he’d declined. He was still struggling to adjust to life without Michael riding shotgun and had said he’d need some time for himself. Sam made him promise to call them if he needed anything at all. Seemed like Dean wasn’t the only one missing an angel.
Slowly over the years however, their little family had grown. Somewhere along the way, without noticing, even while claiming that
As the beer bottles accumulated on the table, Dean had become quieter and quieter. Looking over at his brother when there was a lull in the conversation he and Castiel had been having, Sam realized Dean had nodded off at some point, his head hanging between his shoulders in an awkward angle, eyes closed shut and mouth slightly open.
but Sam and Eileen had just looked at him with slight disdain and went back to their original conversation while Dean rolled his eyes.
There was more laughter and nods from his family before he repeated, more certain this time and more cracks in his voice. “I’m gonna be an uncle!”
We weren’t even supposed to find happiness in this lifetime. I know I thought for a long time that I didn’t
Sam just shook his head slowly and finally forced himself to relax again after Dean had finished his food and no alarm clock began shouting ‘80s rock at him. “Nothing. Just … freaky déjà vu.”
A squeeze of his hand made Sam look over to Eileen. She signed, “Are you alright?” and he nodded, squeezing her hand back and pressing a kiss into her hair.
Gone was the soft smile, the fond expression on his face. He was grinning now but it was a nasty grin. A malicious one that Dean had only ever seen on his face when the Leviathan were possessing him or when Lucifer had controlled his body. Dean froze in his movements and it felt like his veins were filling up with ice.
Hands curled around his favourite coffee mug – one with bumblebees all over it that Dean had bought him at the Dollar General the other day – Castiel rolled his eyes. “Don’t worry, Sam. I’ve put them through the wash yesterday when he went to get groceries.”
He could have killed Chuck. He would have, too. He had been this close to doing so before Castiel’s voice popped into his head – like it’s been doing so often these days – and gently told him
Their first case appeared only a few days after Castiel came back from the Empty. A vampire nest by the looks of it, bodies drained of blood, though there were details about it that didn’t quite add up.
Both wanted to say their goodbyes but neither knew exactly what to say. In the end, they decided to leave it to a tight hug none of them let go of for a long while, both hearing Dean shouting “
“I am not lying. I’m not injured.” Castiel glared at him, irritation clearly visible but something else shone in his eyes that Dean couldn’t quite decipher.
Castiel rolled his eyes but smiled warmly. “’She’ is a bar, Dean. I don’t know if a bar can be beautiful. But we did a very good job fixing her up from the dusty pigsty it used to be.
Now, Dean had long since forgiven them – both of them – for it but he also knew that he and Sam had deserved better. They deserved a loving family, people who cared about them and accepted them the way they were. Flaws, issues and all. Who helped them if they needed them, no questions asked.
Staring after Castiel, Dean couldn’t help but make sure one more time. “It’s … It’s really him, right? It’s Cas and he’s real and he’s here, yeah?”
“Come on then, Sasquatch. If you’re not going willingly I’ll force you. We’re gettin’ you to Eileen right now. I’m not accepting anything else.”
Castiel sat down on the foot of the bed and held his hand to the dog’s nose. “Hello, Miracle. You’re quite the beauty, aren’t you?”
He stepped over to his desk to snatch up the scotch biding his time there. Still a third of the bottle left. Score.
She’d been integrated into the Winchester’s circle of people as soon as Sam had introduced her, but Eileen had found a kindred spirit in Castiel. They’d both started chattering amongst themselves in ASL the minute Castiel had come back, signing words so fast Sam and Dean had given up on following the conversation almost immediately.
Castiel picked up Maura, supporting her head the way Dean had showed him early on and brought her upstairs to put her to bed, the hunter always following and watching. Castiel knew it wasn’t personal, so he wasn’t offended. It wasn’t like Dean didn’t trust him with their niece; he was just naturally suspicious of anyone that wasn’t him. Hell, he’d outright yelled at Sam when Maura’s milk was just a tad too hot, and she was
As if there was electricity surging through his body Dean abruptly took a step forward and then another and soon he was running towards his bedroom. Away from that room and away from the memories.
“Dude, come on, just go. I know you want to. Go get your happy end,” Dean smirked at him over his beer bottle.
He knew Dean could hear him. The hunter had promised time and time again that he’d stall whatever reaper was showing up to accompany him to Heaven long enough to make sure Castiel was okay.
His phrasing always suggested he was joking but his tone made sure there was no doubt in Castiel’s mind that he meant every word of it.
Monthly hangouts had become a quick tradition around here. Every four weeks, Sam, Dean, Castiel and Jack would get the band back together and enjoy each other’s company for an evening. It hadn’t been as difficult as they’d thought it would be to convince Jack to leave his God business be for just a couple hours; Castiel suspected he’d missed his family just as much as they missed him. Claire had been around the second or third time and immediately made herself a permanent fixture for these nights.
“Doesn’t ring a bell, sorry. It’s been 14 years, uh … Jenny. I don’t really keep in contact with every monster I meet.” Out of the corner of his eye, Dean noticed that Sam had come to and was now slowly inching over to grab the discarded machete just out of reach. So he did what he could do best. He stalled. “Well, regardless, you look good! I mean, a little dead, but good.”
Man, he remembered feeling this way with Castiel and secretly being just the slightest bit glad when he couldn’t flit away all the time. Immediately after thinking this, Dean frowned at himself, feeling ashamed to even think this.
Castiel’s only hope was that Jack wouldn’t be corrupted too much. He’d already given up all hope for Claire.
“Huh?” Dean was distracted by the blood and motioned to his own forehead to signal to Sam that he should probably try wiping his face again. “Oh, he’s a coat rack now. Figured I’d do some home improvement while we’re here.”
a kid because he’d been thrown into chaos and destruction and murder even quicker than Dean had been all those years ago.
Shortly after they’d found and bought the bar, Dean had cautiously brought up moving out of the bunker. “It’s just, you know, the bar is a bit too far away to constantly make the drive back and forth. Living closer would just be more convenient and look, there’s a house for sale just a couple blocks down, it’s even close to Sam and Eileen’s neighbourhood.”
Dean cuddled Miracle for a long moment before the dog decided he’d had his fill of attention for the moment and darted off. Standing up and dusting off his jeans, Dean looked at the spot he’d disappeared to inside the Roadhouse.
Sam hummed in agreement. “You’re right though. We’ve earned our spot in the hunting world and Chuck had nothing to do with that.”
Sam smiled fondly at the picture of his best friend worrying over his big brother. “I know you will.”
Sam and Eileen arrived in the Roadhouse together not long after. Dean understood what Jack had said about time moving differently now. It had only been a couple hours up here while apparently it’d been years on Earth. There was the typical Winchester Bro Hug that they usually reserved for when one of them came back from the dead. This time, Dean chuckled, it was the other way around. The both of them were quickly pulled into conversations, much like Dean and Castiel had earlier.
Dean froze in the middle of stretching his arms above his head. Sam said something more, started rambling about what had happened but Dean didn’t hear him over the blood rushing in his ears. His eyes searched Sam’s face but found nothing but open delight. Then he noticed the arm gesturing in the vague direction of the war room and Dean was pushing his way around Sam and was running before he even realized it.
Even Becky had made the journey out and fiddled around with her necklace while biting her lip as her eyes shone with tears.
“Honestly not that much at all. The Empty is weak but it still had something of a wall up that blocked out a lot. Mostly it was just … feelings that I could sense. Anger, sadness … Grief, I suppose. And defeat. Frankly that was what made me hurry up and try to find a way out. I’ve experienced you in a lot of ways, Dean. But I’ve always hated to see you hopeless.”
Sam’s worried gaze stayed on the spot he disappeared to for a long while after, heartbroken for the love his brother never got to experience.
Castiel let himself be held for a long while after that. They eventually moved under the covers and laid intertwined with each other, neither able to sleep.
Instead of doing what he was familiar with – spending the entire night overthinking it and pulling apart every thread of the matter until there was nothing but loose stitches – Dean decided to do something else for once. Who knows, maybe this newfound want to communicate wasn’t that bad.
Eileen turned back from her boyfriend and cleared her throat. “So I’ve seen the Lord of the Rings box set in your … what was it? The ‘Dean Cave?’”
“Oh, Dean. Of course.” The hunter looked up and took in the fond expression mixed with a sad little look in his eyes. Castiel stood up and sat down in the chair next to Dean’s bed while he settled onto his side, facing his angel.
Sam’s expression softened at the unfamiliar uncertainty written all over his brother’s face. Dismay and doubts obviously stormed under the surface. The anxiety coming off of him was almost tangible.
But that was the thing, wasn’t it? That conversation had to happen at some point. Dean didn’t know how he felt about that. He knew how he felt about Castiel, of course. But actually saying it out loud? Expressing his emotions and putting them into words? It terrified him. He wasn’t good at that stuff. He would mess it up, say the wrong thing, as he always did. He’d drive Castiel away just when he’d gotten him back. And anyway, who was to say that this was what the angel wanted? Just because he’d told him that he loved him, didn’t mean anything. For one, he was an angel – had been an angel, whatever. Dean didn’t even know if the love Castiel felt for him was the same kind Dean had been silently carrying around with him for years. Besides, a lot had changed after he’d said that. He was human now, for Christ’s sake! Who was to say that he didn’t change his mind after getting puked out of the Empty? He wasn’t –
He watched Sam’s amusement with a smile before he got serious again. “I know if I were a normal human I’d be devastated at the loss. I’d be beside myself with grieving. But I’m not. I know something most people don’t.”
Kevin smiled shyly. “Jack found me wandering around the planet and told me to come with him. He said he had to ‘right a few wrongs.’ Besides, I think Mom would’ve found a way to kill him if he didn’t.”
But that’s why we’ve got nine whole months to prepare for this. To learn how to be good parents and to learn how to raise this kid the best we can.
“We have something to tell you guys,” he began at the same time that Eileen signed as she spoke the words that made goosebumps appear on everyone in the dining room. “I’m pregnant.”
They found the two boys hiding out behind the Impala. Dean quickly threw their machetes into the trunk to not traumatise them any further while Sam ushered them into the backseat. Before Dean slid into the driver’s seat he made an anonymous call to the police about the bodies from one of the cheap burner phones before taking out the prepaid SIM card and breaking it in half.
Dean stuck his tongue out behind him – he was a very mature adult, yes, thank you very much – before bending down and hoisting the offending barrel up onto the counter.
Castiel made to answer him but Dean held up a hand to stop him. He had to get it all out now before he chickened out once again.
Castiel still looked a little confused and as if he’d been excluded from playing soccer during lunch break but his face brightened at the improvement of Dean’s mood.
. Who had somewhere along the way exchanged the porn mags for cookbooks and baking magazines. Who drank more coffee now than beer – still unhealthy, but hey, baby steps. Who got a freaking dog because for the first time in his life he wasn’t as terrified of losing his loved ones as he had been once – not because he didn’t care about them anymore but because he cared about all of them enough to leave his pessimistic ‘Everbody leaves’ mindset behind and who at last started to let the love into his heart, slowly but surely.
It was no surprise really that nobody stayed. Who would want to be tied to Dean’s unstable ass anyway?
Dean picked up his head and looked over at Bobby who was watching him. “What’re you smilin’ about, son?” he asked, his beard hiding the smile Dean could hear in the familiar gruff voice.
Still not entirely convinced, Dean opened his mouth, no doubt to argue but Castiel beat him to it as he came back through the doorway, a little unsure on his feet on the way to his seat.
After all, Castiel did have a thing for wearing the shirts that Dean had worn so often that the fibers had gotten used to his body; that had been washed and dried countless times and had come out of the machines softer each time.
“He said… Sammy, he said he loved me.” Dean looked up and Sam’s breath hitched. In all his 37 years he had never seen his strong big brother who never stayed down long after he’d been kicked to the ground, look this lost. “He said he loved me and had this whole speech ready and I couldn’t even say anything. I didn’t even understand what he was talking about at first and when the shoe dropped, it was too late. He killed- he
The angel’s grin slipped into a frown again as he turned back to Dean and shook his shoulder a little, rousing the man from his light nap. “Come on, Dean, let’s get you to bed.”
One disadvantage of never talking about emotions in this family, Sam didn’t have the slightest clue now what he was supposed to say. His decision was taken from him however, when Dean’s entire posture changed from one second to the next. He straightened up, chuckling unconvincingly and rubbing a hand over his eyes. Any vulnerability was shut down within a heartbeat and the walls came back up. Talk was over.
sound behind him that told Dean that Castiel hadn’t in fact thought about it this way. He let out a humorless chuckle. Of course he hadn’t. Castiel wasn’t as fucked up in the head that he’d think about it like that.
In the meantime Dean struggled against one of his vampires, ducking a punch and pushing him back. He sensed the other one behind him, spun around and used the momentum of it to take his head off. Looking over for a second, Dean noticed another headless body.
He deflated when Jack shook his head slowly and looked at his shoes as he answered. “When I absorbed Chuck’s power, I guess I also inherited the inability to control anything there. I’ve tried, it’s the first thing I did after bringing everyone back, believe me.” Jack wore a bitter expression as he wrung his hands in frustration. “I tried and tried but it doesn’t work. It’s like there’s this… This wall now that I can’t break through. I even got Amara to try but she can’t get to the Empty either.”
Castiel looked at the floor now, shifting slightly from one socked foot to the other with a guilty look on his face. “Well, ‘want to’ might be a bit exaggerated…”
Flinching upon the sudden yelling, Castiel turned his face up to look at Dean irritated. “I got out of the Empty and I’m human now. What would you have had me do, Dean?”
The moment the hunter set foot through the door, there were cheers. He was overwhelmed, barely knowing who to turn to first. The decision was taken from him when Bobby pushed up from his bar stool and pulled him into a hug. “Took ya long enough, son.”
And so Dean and Castiel were alone for the first time since the Empty had come for the angel. For the first time since Castiel’s confession.
Despite the sorrow clearly written on Sam’s face for all the world to see, he smiled. “See ya, jerk.”
“You looked peaceful and Sam told me you haven’t been sleeping well so I let you get some more rest.” Castiel shrugged his shoulders, as Dean grumbled into his three days of stubble.
Sam sighed heavily before replying, “Cas didn’t come back. He always takes that real hard. This time though, it seems… worse.”
“You know, I have no idea how Dad ever even finished a single case,” Sam wondered on their way to the abandoned barn where the nest supposedly was. “Feels like we’ve always been the ones left to do his dirty work.”
He quickly closed his hands around the now closed box being shoved at him before the angel left the room. “Put that back where you found it.”
Dean shot up in bed, hitting his head on the wooden headboard in the progress. He knew he’d had a nightmare – they weren’t particularly rare these days – but at least he couldn’t quite recall all the details this time, only bits and pieces. Flashes of memories invaded his mind, real, year old memories that had been freshly dusted off to terrorize him within his dreams. Hellhounds tearing at his skin with their sharp claws, their long fangs sinking into his stomach and ripping through skin, muscle and blood away, dragging his soul to Hell and leaving his body behind in unrecognizable chunks; Dean, tied to the torturing rack in Hell, his guts hanging out of a deep, nasty cut in a bloody, stringy mess, the edges of the skin around it ragged from a dull blade.
“Tongues ripped out,” Sam finished. Huh. Eccentric vampires with a kooky MO. That was a new one, even for them.
He hadn’t worn the thing in ages, having found that there was a reason Sam and Dean had favoured jeans and plaid shirts over anything remotely dressy. Moving around in a stiff suit and a long coat had its disadvantages both while hunting monsters and living everyday life.
Dean swallowed around the lump in his throat and rubbed his hands across his face before he started, “I know you said at Sam and Eileen’s wedding that knowing we-“ The word still didn’t come easily to him but it felt more natural every time he said it, “love each other was enough for you and that you don’t need anything else. And I agree, like I told you. I don’t need to make it a big thing, especially ‘cause I’d probably shit myself saying all that romantic ass crap in front of all those people.” Dean knew he was rambling but Castiel just kept alternating to stare between the thin silver rings and up at his face with wonder. “So it’s not a wedding ring but I still wanted you to have something to remind you that we’re- That you’re mine. And that I’m yours.”
After they’d dropped the kids off at the police station, making them promise not to tell anyone about what they saw at the barn and making sure they were welcomed by a nice older officer with the promise of hot chocolate, they were on their way home.
The blush that followed the praising words made Dean’s freckles stand out on his skin. “Couldn’t’ve done it without you.”
Sam chuckled as he watched Dean lean forward on his knees, breathlessly gulping in air. “You good over there?”
We’ll see each other again soon but you better not be barging into heaven too soon, you hear me? You go and you live your life and I’ll be there with you, every step of the way.
Castiel craned his neck to smile at Dean. Unprompted, he told him “I love you” in a low voice only meant for him.
Occasionally Dean regretted deciding on the name “Rocky’s.” It brought back the terror of being possessed by Michael, the fear he’d lived in.
“Shit, Cas. We’ve really missed you.” For once Dean didn’t feel any embarrassment as he vigorously nodded in agreement with Sam.
The hunter couldn’t believe his eyes and inched forward slowly, his hand raised to touch Castiel’s face. He had to make sure his angel was real, that he was alive and well.
“Missed you? I think that’s a bit of an understatement, Dean,” came the amused voice of Sam behind them.
Jack pulled back with an apologetic smile. “I know, I’m sorry about that. I was busy making sure everything here was ready for when the first of you arrived.” At Dean’s confused face, Jack added with a warm smile, “You and Sam and Cas. You deserve to rest happily. After everything you’ve done, it’s the least I can do.”
He’d seen the movie before; Dean had made him watch it so he was allowed to lose himself in gazing at his face. He watched his expressions change from anticipation – as if he didn’t have the whole saga memorized by heart, Castiel thought as he rolled his eyes – to excitement, to laughter. Castiel found himself falling more in love with Dean each and every day. The way he experienced emotion so wholly even as he tried so hard to deny himself any portrayal of it fascinated the angel. No human had ever peaked his attention the way Dean Winchester had. When he had still been an angel, the interest in the hunter had been mostly curiosity. At least, that’s what he thought at the time. As time went on however and Castiel fell more and more away from Heaven’s grasp, he started to doubt the neutrality to his feelings. When he became human the first time, Castiel had finally been able to put a name to them.
Sam – who didn’t faint, by the way, thank you very much – came striding over with big steps and surprise and happiness written on his face and pulled Jack up from Miracle and right into his arms. “Hey, Jack. Welcome home.”
He grabbed his wrist before it could make contact with his skin. In a matter of seconds his entire demeanor changed.
And I’ve found that there was more to life than just sacrificing myself for the rest of humanity. That I could save people and not want to die.
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “Considering I’ve spent half an hour in the bathroom after that pizza the other day I’m guessin’ yes.”
“I was more concerned for your state of mind, Dean. And it’s fine, it wasn’t too bad.” The crack coming from his neck when he looked back down at his phone betrayed him.
Feeling weirded out he made his way to the edge of the clearing he got dropped in. Only after a few minutes he realized he hadn’t made any progress. He was at the same spot he’d started in. Frowning, he changed the direction and tried again. And again.
With a disbelieving shake of his head Dean stepped into the angel’s space and waited silently for him to finally raise his head.
Sam was over the moon whenever he saw Dean interact with Castiel, especially in public. His brother had spent his whole life not only afraid of commitment but also afraid of portraying any kind of emotion. Seeing him now, comfortable with showing off his obvious love for the guy and even further looking finally content in his own skin? There were no words for the happiness and pride Sam felt for his big brother.
Dean picked at the label of his beer bottle, ripping off a piece of paper and rolling it between his fingers. “Well you just got swallowed by some weird otherworldly slime. ‘Course I’d cry a little. What’d you think.”
The dress hadn’t fit her at first and Eileen had been sad until she told Castiel about it and he surprised everyone in the room – including Dean who never let him out of his sight for long – when he told her it wasn’t a problem. He was handy with a sewing machine. If Mildred didn’t mind, he could adjust it to fit her.
Looking around the field he was standing in, Dean knew it looked vaguely familiar. Trees were lying all around him – wait, what? He wasn’t much into nature and all but even he knew trees weren’t supposed to lie on the ground.
He’d watched the angel before, had watched him sacrifice himself for the greater good time and time again and of course it was never easy. It always sucked balls.
“Think about it, Cas. I’ve looked for you in Purgatory for a year. I’ve wrapped you in blankets when you were under Rowena’s spell. I’ve made you sit on the couch with me and watch all my favourite movies. I make you coffee and breakfast even if it’s all just molecules to you. I make you dress up as a cowboy for me. Christ, I’ve made you a freaking mix tape!” Dean took a deep breath. He still couldn’t say it. There was no way he could speak the three little words out loud that he’d been running from his entire life. On the other hand he didn’t feel like a simple
Afterwards Dean would neither remember pulling out a chair and sitting down next to Castiel, nor accepting the cup of coffee Sam had to have given him but it must’ve happened at some point as the three of them were now sitting around the war room table as if none of them ever left.
“Look who finally decided to show! Dean-o! How you been, dude?” Ash pulled him into a short hug over the bar top.
With a glance back at him that warned him not to cut him off again, Castiel continued, “I don’t know how long I was in there but I know I was asleep for some time. But then something woke me up. I wasn’t sure what it was at first but I found that unlike last time I came to in the Empty I wasn’t alone. There were hundreds or thousands of angels and demons there, awake and wandering around. I tried talking to some of them but they were like zombies. Some more than others but most of them said the same thing: Everyone who’d ever been cast into the Empty had woken up and the Empty was angry.”
“Wait, and I’d have just let him hang there in this scenario, lettin’ him bleed out slowly?” Sam mused, slightly offended by his imaginary self, his hair flopping around as he shook his head.
Standing up now to meet Dean’s heated glare with the calm air of someone used to this sort of behaviour, Castiel levelled him with his eyes. “I was
The hunter took a big bite and threw his trash to the side only to grab it again and neatly place it inside the green cooler they had brought over from the car when Castiel raised an eyebrow at him warningly. Sam chuckled.
He didn’t know anything about children. How would he even know what to do? He’d never had much of an example of a good father to look up to except for Bobby, maybe. And even he had drunk enough alcohol to make most people pass out. And that was on a good day,
Dean sighed. First of all, he'd been fooled by a kid who wanted to play games and second of all, he was now intertwined in some family drama that included a picture-perfect nuclear family that he'd never be able to achieve. Third of all, the husband was to-die-for handsome and beautiful, like a belated Christmas present wrapped in his trenchcoat right there under the giant tree and fourth of all, he was going to be super late for his self-evacuation.
“I don’t know. Right now, more than anything, I would love to have someone by my side. Someone who… Charlie, please don’t misunderstand me. I love my friends, I love all of you, but I feel lonely. I want to be loved, and I want someone to see me like I’m the fucking sun. I want someone to see me the way I see-”
Dean shakes his head and inhales, and then holds his breath for a while before talking. “For me, it was when we hid under the table at my dad’s funeral. You laughed so hard you spat cookie crumbs all over me.”
a good and proper fucking hit him like a ton of bricks.  If Cas hadn't really dated before, he'd probably never...
He trudged to the bathroom and took a quick shower, berating himself the entire time for even questioning this.
The door opened again, and two of Crowley's demon henchmen entered, looking nearly as annoyed as Castiel.
rerun for background noise.  From the end table beside him, his phone emitted a quiet buzz, and he picked it up to answer a text from Sammy, then thumbed through his contacts.  As he scrolled past the list of names, he paused.
"The cute redhead?   God, I hate you," Sam laughed.  "Oh hey, Cas stopped by last night.   He was looking for you."
"Thanks," Dean mumbled, still embarrassed, but also thankful that Sam was acting like nothing had happened. He hurried off to the kitchen with Cas in tow, suddenly aware of just how hungry he was. After yesterday's ordeal, he'd stupidly spent the rest of the day hiding out in his bedroom.  His stomach felt like it was gnawing at itself  as it growled angrily.
Cas dove under the blanket and tightly wrapped his arms around him, suddenly feeling very possessive.  All this time Dean had been looking after him, and he had demons of his own.
"Y-Yes," Cas rasped.  Dean had just called him his baby, and he suddenly wondered why the hell he was still resisting.
"Fuck, Scout," he murmured, crashing down on his bed.  "I am so damn naïve."  He arranged his pillows and picked up the book next to his bed, opening it to his bookmark.  Part of him knew he should be reading the book Dr. Mitchell gave him, but he was a little overwhelmed after Gabe's 'gift', so instead, he decided to indulge in some fluff reading.  "Come on," he said softly, patting the bed next to him.  Scout took her time strolling over to him, then kneaded the bed a few times before curling up at his side, and he gently ruffled her fur.  He closed his eyes for a second and took a deep breath before picking up the book again.
Cas sighed deeply and propped his head up to stare at him. "Dean Winchester," he admonished.  "Are you seriously doubting your masculinity again?  Usually I'd remind you that your ideals on gender are just man-made concepts... but if I'm being completely honest, you are the complete embodiment of raw, rugged masculinity," he purred.   "Have you not noticed how people are drawn to you like flies? "
When he knew Cas was close, Dean quickly slipped his own dick from the front of his boxers. Pumping Cas with one hand and himself with the other, he moaned loudly as Cas let loose a roar.
part," Dean assured him. "I promise. I told you, you were going to have to make the first move there."
Dean smiled gently and wrapped a hand around Cas's painfully erect cock, watching as his eyes immediately closed and his hips jutted forward in response. "That's it, baby," he whispered.  "Just relax and let me take care of you." He worked his fist up and down the length of the shaft for a minute before leaning in and closing his lips over the reddened head.
"Castiel," Cas blushed.  "My full name is Castiel.  After the angel Cassiel, I guess. Ironically, I think they got it a bit wrong," he smiled.  "I shouldn't complain.  My parents were great, but they were... strict.  I guess I always have this little nagging thought in the back of my head that sex is dirty and wrong and.. ugh.  I mean, masturbating was sinful, sex was sinful.  Sex was between a man and a woman, of course, and for procreation only.  I don't
Gabriel nodded. "Yeah, I go to that 24-hour fitness place on Spring Street, but I've been neglecting myself a bit lately. Just too much going on."
okay.  On a short leash with a cock in his mouth, he let Cas have complete control. Every worry in his head was forgotten as he reveled in the temporary reprieve, and his body now fully relaxed, a feeling he'd only ever experienced through total submission. He knew Cas didn't completely understand why this was so cathartic for him, but it didn't matter; he'd let him float there blissfully for hours if that's what Dean needed.
Cas nodded anxiously.  He was painfully hard, and something about Dean's take-charge attitude right now was doing all sorts of strange things to his body.
It was nearly two hours later when he finally found Dean.  He hadn't been at any of the local bars, as Cas had expected. He had nearly given up searching, returning home to the bunker only to find the Impala still parked in the garage.  Dean was curled up in the backseat, fast asleep, his tiny Matchbox car clutched in his hand.
"What do you see, sweetheart?" Dean whispered. "Does this look bad or wrong to you?" He deepened his strokes as he wrapped his arms around Cas's chest, pulling him back up as he nearly fell forward.
"Oh."  Dean swallowed hard.  He was just drunk enough to be able to talk about this, and yet sober enough to not blindly agree. "What do you have in mind?"
"I'm okay.  Just tired," Dean muttered as the waitress came over to take their orders.  He ordered the biggest breakfast platter the restaurant had, but instead of digging in as usual when it arrived, he just stared at his plate and sighed.
"I mean, not in those words, obviously, but something about exploring and getting comfortable with my own body... So fucking embarrassing."
"I'm not mad, Cas. I just... I need some time to think."  He gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and grabbed his car keys.  "I'll be back."
"Cas? Sweetheart?" Dean panted. He gently backed up off of him and turned onto his side, nudging Cas to roll over. "You oka... Oh god, you're crying! Baby?"
"And a collar, and a tail," Cas nodded earnestly.  "Oh, and some protective gear, of course.  Mitts, knee pads, that sort of thing."
As Dean pushed into him, Cas made a strangled noise, a pathetic little groan-turned-whimper, and Dean quickly slapped a hand over his mouth to muffle the sound.
Cas bit his lip and looked forward, giving himself a little push.  He inched forward a foot or so before panicking and flailing wildly.
"Mmmhmm. It's weird, but I feel kind of horny," Cas giggled, entirely too loud and making several heads turn in his direction.
"Alright," Sam laughed.   "See you in the morning.  Get some rest, Dean."  He gave a quick wave and shuffled off toward the stairs.
"Where are we going?" Cas automatically latched onto Dean's arm; the simple gesture that used to bring him anxiety now seemed to calm him.
Cas took a piece of the bubblegum and shoved it in his mouth, then handed the package back.  Now that he stopped to think about it, his jaw
Bashfully, Cas nodded.  "Thanks for being so patient.  I'm sorry this doesn't come easier for me.  I feel so stupid and naive sometimes.  To be honest, I never thought I'd date at all while I was in one of these hardcore anxiety-depression bouts.  I'm not always like this, you know.  I mean, I'm always kind of anxious, but this is way worse than usual."
Dean smacked a hand to his forehead.  "Right.  Sorry, I wasn't thinking."  He slowed for a red light before turning onto Cas's road.  "Does Mexican food give you panic attacks?"
"Wow," Dean breathed.  "Didn't expect that.  Wellllll," he drawled, "if you come with me, you can just stand there while I scrub you down and wash your hair for you.  Then we'll come back here and sleep in a bit, maybe go to brunch... And then we'll get on the road before your brother sends out a search party for us. He might be small, but he's still scary," he winked.  "I don't want to piss him off."
"I thought this one suited you.  He's handsome and just a bit goofy," he grinned, a bit self-consciously.  "Now, about your tail..."
"No," Cas whispered. "You're not a mess.  You're so pulled together all the time, I had no idea, Dean... I'm so sorry.  Are you okay?" he asked, knowing it was a stupid question, but he wasn't sure what else to say.
On the bright side, Cas was slowly getting better, and Dean seemed to be doing a good job of taking care of him when he wasn't around. He knew how difficult loving a depressed person could be at times, and Dean had the patience of a saint. Still, it was still hard to let go.
Cas stared down at him, a look of confusion and awe clouding his eyes. "We've never said that before."
Sam groaned softly, and Cas slipped an arm around his shoulder, gently rubbing and soothing him back to sleep.  He managed to free his other arm from Dean, which he used to draw him in closer to his chest, stroking his fingers comfortingly through his hair.  With his arms now around them both, he closed his eyes, relishing the deep sense of contentment.
A half hour later, sweaty, panting, and exhausted, Dean crashed down on the bed next to him, desperately scooping Cas up in his arms.
This time when Cas stretched forward to reach, Dean just let their bodies press together, leaning into him even more as they took their shot. Cas was practically pressed into the table and his breath caught in his throat as Dean's lips 'accidentally' brushed against his temple.
"Well, well, well. The angel is awake." A voice echoed through the otherwise empty room, and Castiel jerked to attention, narrowing his eyes at the black-clad figure now standing in the doorway.  Light suddenly filled the room and Castiel squinted in annoyance.
You're staying with us for a while, understand?" He pulled him in close, pressing their bodies together as he possessively rubbed up and down his back.  "You're going to do what I say now, right?"
"No.  You'd die of alcohol poisoning if you tried to drink an entire liquor store, Cas.  You could probably drink this bottle over the course of a night, but that's pushing it.  Humans get drunk much quicker."
He felt his legs being spread, one hooking over the front seat, the other resting on the back dash, and Dean's hands sliding down the inside of his thighs. The strangest things were happening to his body and it was all so overwhelming - his arms prickled, and he was panting heavily. He felt a little lightheaded, and this warm, tingly feeling was swirling in his abdomen. Most embarrassingly, he was trembling, and he wasn't entirely sure why.
Some had even died for them, not because they asked them to – they would never do that – but because they considered it worth it.
He rolled his eyes at the answer Claire yelled back at him, “I don’t even look like Victoria Beckham!”
Sam’s eyebrows dropped into a bitch face as he shoved Dean off him and looked at him for an explanation.
The sight of his angel trembling, still not looking at him, broke something in Dean. He reached forward and pulled him against his chest,
Driven only by stubbornness to find a way to rescue his angel, Dean laid out the books that he had the most hope in – not that it was much, most of these tomes didn’t even mention the Empty – and got to work leafing through them.
“Thanks for showin’ up, buddy. Look, I know you said you wouldn’t meddle and I get it, I do but I can’t let just Cas rot in the Empty. He sacrificed himself for me, for all of us really. We wouldn’t have been able to defeat Chuck with Billie still on our heels and you know it. We gotta at least try and get him outta there.” Taking a deep breath, Dean stopped staring at somewhere over Jack’s shoulder to look him in the eyes. “I have to try, Jack. I have to at least try.” He trailed off at the end, his voice getting more desperate every second. He was aware of the moisture his eyes were shining with but he couldn’t find it in himself to care right now.
Dean was helpless as Castiel pulled him close to his face. Their noses were touching and Dean could see the venomous look in his eyes. “I saved you, I gave you everything and more. I fell for you, Dean. I became one of you pathetic little monkeys and you never repaid me. I should have left you to rot in Hell like you deserved.”
“You know, it is very cumbersome that humans get drunk this easily. I drank an entire liquor store once and barely felt it but three beers as a human and I feel dizzy.”
He winked at the best father figure he’d ever had in life before he turned back to taking in the place around him.
Being physically affectionate with someone was easy. Especially if the person was only going to be in his life for one night. In, out, done. Easy.
At last he looked up. Even after this whole speech, an entire monologue later, Castiel still didn’t look convinced. Looked like he didn’t want to let himself believe that he was hearing right. Dean understood, believe him, he did. But it didn’t help the frustration. He racked his brain desperately trying to come up with different phrasing to make the angel finally believe him, to no avail. Words were hard for him. The right words were almost impossible. He’d always been more of a show rather than tell guy.
The hallway was short enough but in this moment it stretched endlessly as Dean raced through it. There were a thousand thoughts going through his head but at the same time none at all. The only one that mattered was
Hunters and those who had retired from it; strangers who had heard about the death of the man who had become an urban legend amongst the new generation of hunters, someone they told stories about in dive bars and came to pay their respect to the man who had averted not just one apocalypse; friends and family of Dean.
It was quiet inside the car for a long time after that. Only the rumble of the engine and the soft music playing lowly on the radio broke the silence. Dean figured Sam had fallen asleep against the window so he was broken out of his own day dreams when his brother cleared his throat.
They’d ended up sitting at the table for a long time, just talking. It hadn’t been that long a time that Castiel had been away but the events of the past weeks hadn’t exactly allowed for a lot of time to hang out and enjoy each other’s company. So that’s what they caught up on.
Slowly he stepped impossibly closer to the angel, gave him time to step back or stop him but all he did was look up at Dean in bewilderment. When the hunter raised his hand and carefully cupped Castiel’s face with it, he followed the movement until he went cross-eyes. The sight made Dean smile through the nerves.
“Dean.” The word was said so gentle, so reverently that Dean’s heart swelled in his chest and threatened to just jump right out of his ribcage. “Thank you. These are beautiful.”
As Sam stood next to Eileen and Maura, his face wet with tears and the fire reflecting red and orange in his eyes, he looked around the clearing.
Maybe they didn’t have a family from the get go. Two brothers, unhealthily co-dependent but loving each other to pieces nonetheless and a neglective, deadbeat drunk for a father who drowned in his grief was all they’d had for a long time.
Not surprised at all at the constipated expressions, Sam chuckled. “I’ll take that as a No.” Then he dodged the napkin his brother threw at his head.
When Claire had noticed Dean watching her, she’d looked up with a forlorn look on her face and had raised the bottle, exclaimed “To Castiel” in a bitter voice and knocked back some more of the drink. Dean hadn’t been able to argue with her.
They pulled apart to catch their breath after a while of just exploring newfound possibilities. Dean took his chance and got out the last thing he had to say about this whole ‘declaring your undying love and then getting ganked into a different dimension’ thing.
There were doubts in his mind, not about his love for Castiel, not even about Castiel’s love for him – curiously that wasn’t what he worried about.
The first thing Dean saw was dirty wooden panels on the back of a house. Interesting choice for Heaven.
Claire watched the screen for a minute before swallowing and turning back to Dean, grinning widely at him. “I find your lack of faith disturbing.”
Sam nodded slowly, humming as he mused over her words. Objectively, he knew she was right. The fact that he was worrying about this kind of thing had to mean something in itself, right? He knew which mistakes he would have to avoid making and he knew what he’d have to change to be a good father.
Once again the door slammed shut behind him and once again Dean was alone in his room. He hadn’t planned on letting Sam in on how he was feeling but he just didn’t care anymore. Dean knew Sam wouldn’t judge him and even if he did, at this point Dean had no energy left in him to care.
It was a bit sloppy, it was unfamiliar and it took them a minute to find a rhythm. It tasted of beer and salty tears – whose, they would never find out. It felt right. It felt like coming home. It felt like the tension that had built up below the surface for twelve years finally broke free and was now slowly dissolving into thin air.
It was a couple of months later that Castiel woke up later than Dean. This wasn’t all that unusual but normally the hunter stayed in bed with him so they could get some morning cuddles in. Therefore the former angel was slightly perplexed by waking up alone in bed. He shrugged it off though to go investigate the smell of food faintly wafting through the bunker. Miracle at his heel, he padded to the kitchen to find a plate full of waffles drowning in maple syrup and perfectly crisp bacon at his seat across from Dean.
The fond eye roll made him smile even wider before he nuzzled his face into Castiel’s neck. Close to his ear, he relented. “I love you, too,” he whispered and felt Castiel’s cheeks move against his head as he smiled before he turned back to Ellen to answer the question Dean hadn’t even heard.
Swallowing down his bite with a sip of his beer Dean gestured between his brother and his girlfriend. “Hey, no gossiping. What’re you two lovebirds talking about?”
Kelly lowered herself into the seat across from Dean and Castiel. She smiled warmly at them and put each of her hands over one of theirs where they rested on the table. “I need to thank you. The minute I arrived here, Jack welcomed me and I couldn’t believe what a beautiful person he has grown to be. From what he’s told me, that’s all thanks to you two and your brother.” Tears leaked out of her eyes and she didn’t bother to hide them. “You were there for him when I couldn’t and you did a wonderful job. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.”
were. You and Sam were injured and there wasn’t anything I could do. I don’t have my grace anymore and I thought I’d gotten used to it by now but I watched you get thrown around today and I realized, there was nothing I could do. I couldn’t heal you, I couldn’t teleport us out of there, I could just stand there and watch.”
The dark days of loneliness and self hatred were behind him. In front of him, shining as brightly as the laughter drowning out the music, there was only light and unknown eternity that for the first time instead of hanging heavily above him like Damocles’ sword, ready to fall and cut him to pieces, filled Dean with joyful anticipation as it made him excited for all that was to come.
"Ahhh. It's okay.  You'll have leftovers when I go to work tomorrow then.  I thought you guys weren't going out until next weekend?"
, get your ass over here and I'll show you how it's done."  Dean licked his lips anxiously as he waited for Cas to speak, but there was a long pause on the line.  "Cas?"
Cas rolled his eyes and sighed again.  He reached into his pocket for his wallet and dug out Dean's card, setting it sulkily on the table in front of him, but Gabriel snatched it away before he could protest.
"Well, when I was little he called me Baby Bird," Cas laughed. "I still call him Mother Hen sometimes. Now he mostly calls me Cassie, which I'm not crazy about, but I stopped fighting it. I used to get really pissy with him in middle school. I was already the only gay kid in my class, I really didn't want anyone to hear him call me by a girly name."
," Dean said, leading Cas to his deejay booth, "is where the magic happens," he winked. "Just set the laptop over there."
Sam snorted and nearly choked on his drink. "Sasquatch, huh? Uh. I'm kind of a shy, stay-at-home guy so I'm not very exciting. I work in customer service, but I'm looking into schools for library science right now. Um. I read a lot, obviously. I like to run and work out. I love good music, and I love doing research. I've been researching our family history, so that's fun...  Um. What do you do?"
"Of course not." Cas stood up and hit 'stop' on the computer then flicked off the monitor. "Tired?" he asked with a yawn. Mindlessly, he tugged his shirt off over his head and unbuttoned his pants.
"Nooo. Dance with me, Dean. I can't believe you played Britney Spears! For me. You made that song just for me. You're amaaazing. I need to touch you again. Can I touch you? No, wait,
Each time Dean would pull back to whisper little words of encouragement, Cas found himself reaching forward for more, and Dean was happy to indulge him. As the feeling in his groin intensified, he groaned and wrapped his legs around Dean's, pressing their bodies impossibly closer.
"Try to relax.  Don't clench, push instead," Dean continued.  "And once you get this far," he said as his finger breached the tight rim, "sometimes it's best to take the rest in one go..." He slowly shoved his finger all the way in as Cas moaned.  "You okay?" he asked, pausing so he could get used to the feeling.
Cas licked his lips as a sudden wave of anxiety flooded over him. He had no idea why, because he was aroused beyond belief. He looked away and took a deep breath, feeling his entire body stiffen.
Cas's heart fluttered at the thought that Dean even wanted to see him again.  He nodded shyly.  "I'd like that."
proud of you. The way you're getting more comfortable and opening up more... And the way you ripped your shorts off when I asked if I could suck your cock... Mmmm," he hummed.
," he commanded. Before he could doubt himself, he knelt and began nuzzling up the inside of Dean's thighs and taking teasing licks up the sides of his cock.
Questioningly, Dean picked up the grey tee to reveal the giant bottle of lube and immediately burst out laughing.  "Oh my god sweetheart, are you stocking up for the apocalypse or a really big orgy?"
Cas nodded blissfully as Dean's wrapped an arm around his shoulder and began walking him toward the door.
Dean grinned and took a quick glance out the windows. Satisfied that there was still no one around, he slipped out his door and into the driver's seat, not even bothering to put his jeans back on. "Come on," he gestured, urging Cas into the seat next to him.
gotta do is stand there." He picked up a washcloth with his free hand and soaped it up, then carefully began rubbing Cas down with it.
"Shhh. It's okay." Dean crawled forward to unfasten the leash. "Maybe roleplay is a bit much for you."
Cas balked at following him out of the bathroom naked, but again, he had no choice, so he held his head high and stared straight ahead, even when a random demon in the hallway decided to wolf whistle at him.
"Seriously, just grab one, Cas," Dean grumbled, already feeling a bit frustrated. He shoved around him to select one for each of them. "There. Good enough. Now, I'll break. Watch me." Dean set the cue ball in position and leaned over the table, lining up his stick as he guided it through his fingers. With a loud 'crack', the billiard balls split, scattering about the table, and he nodded approvingly as three of them fell into pockets. "Alright. So I sunk two solid balls, so let's say you're stripes."
"Exactly.  And that's what I want you to do.  Get completely into a puppy's mindset.  Let me stroke you and cuddle you and hand-feed you.  We've roleplayed before, so you should be good at this."
Dean turned to him, giving him a good staredown before he spoke. "Are you sure?  If you want to go home, I'll get you there, Cas.  It just might take us a while."
"I hate when random people touch me inappropriately," Sam yelled to Cas, who was still laughing at the woman's disbelief. "I don't care
"You don't need to decide right this minute," Dean laughed. "I was just thinking about it as I went past the skating rink earlier.  I was also thinking... I want to see you.  Like
Taking a deep breath, Cas carefully slid his shorts off, trying not to make a bigger mess, and he lay back down, closing his eyes.
One minute Dean had been in his bedroom,  packing for the weekend, and the next he was with Cas in a beautifully decorated hotel suite.  He clutched at his head and blinked hard as he tried to regain his equilibrium, as well as adjust to his surroundings.
"I um.  I guess, maybe having my arms restrained while um... you know.  Oh my god, how do you get me to open up about things like this?" Cas blushed, covering his face with a hand.  "And...
"Shhh. You okay?" Dean whispered, leaning forward and covering Cas's body with his own, threading their fingers together as Cas gripped the sheets.
"That was so fucking hot," he panted.  "I love when you go all submissive on me...."  He bit down on his bottom lip, moaning a little as Cas nibbled at his collarbone.
Wordlessly, Dean rode out his climax, eyes squeezed closed, jaw gaping wide, as Cas continued to whimper and moan beneath him.   As he finally slowed, he collapsed forward, wrapping his arms around Cas's torso.
Eagerly, Dean surged forward, sliding his lips down over Cas's soft cock until he felt the tickle of short hair against his nose.  He took a moment to comfortably arrange himself, and he closed his eyes, resting his head on Cas's thigh.
He didn’t turn, didn’t move, just stood there frozen, with a sort of shell-shocked expression, as he stared blankly into the hallway. He desperately didn’t want to think about it. Everything in Dean’s body screamed at him to move, to get away from there but he just couldn’t. His legs didn’t listen to him anymore.
A voice from the kitchen interrupted his rambling, “Don’t listen to him, Cas. He was full on acting like a heartbroken widow, crying and sobbing and drinking himself into oblivion, the whole nine yards!”
Castiel stood up from his seat rolling his eyes impatiently, rounded the table and tried to take his drink back from the hunter without success as Dean held it high over his head. “Dean, this is ridiculous. Even for your standards.”
“You know you’ll see him again,” Sam nodded with understanding. He was still mourning his brother but deep down he knew it would be okay. He knew they would meet again. He knew Dean was at peace. Not as the abstract concept most people talked about Heaven but he knew exactly where he was.
The day before the funeral, Sam had driven his brother’s Impala to the bunker for the first time in years. He’d huffed a laugh. He drove the car they’d called home for all of their childhood and longer, to the place they’d call home for years to come after that. The thought felt reassuring.
“It’s not.” Jack smiled, pride written on his face. “I made some changes around here. I removed all the walls between everyone’s heaven so people aren’t locked up in memories anymore. It just wasn’t right. Now everyone can be happy together.”
“I am really busy, you know, with my … ‘God business’” There was a little pang of sadness Dean felt at Jack bringing up his hands to make the same little air quotes Cas had been so fond of. “But I might just take you up on the offer. It can get pretty lonely. And I do miss your burgers.”
The rest of the night had everyone not so subtly asking Jack about his plans for the world and Jack mostly just answering that he didn’t really know yet.
this chapter consists of some timestamps. i wrote them through the lens of a montage, to show what the boys get up to over the years.
thank you for reading this. i hope it's at the very least a bit better than what we got. feel free to yell at me about that finale, my finale or just in general.
Out of his seat and around the table before he knew he was moving, Dean vigorously pulled his little brother up and into a big hug. They didn’t say anything. They were Winchesters, no words were needed in an emotional situation like this.
Dean eyed him over his sunglasses for a second before letting it go and going back to crafting wings out of sand to either side of his angel. “Alright. Weirdo.”
Eileen had been excited to see Castiel again. Unprompted she had pulled him into a surprisingly strong hug considering her small size. Then again, she had been raised by a hunter and was capable of holding her own well, so what did he expect?
The way his heart had screamed at the sight of Dean that day at the Gas’n’Sip had terrified him. Human feelings had been a whole different level but he’d soon realized the feelings he had towards Dean had been hiding within him for quite a while. As an angel he had just been better at suppressing them. Relief had flooded him when he got his grace back, hoping he could finally go back to seeing Dean as nothing more than his friend. He quickly came to find out however, that wasn’t how this worked. Once he was aware of what he felt, there was apparently no going back. So he’d done his best to hide the feelings, to build a wall around his heart.
It really didn’t. End in blood, he meant. The people hiding out in the house somewhere in the near distance might have been his parents. They might have done what they called “the best they could” to raise him and his brother and be there for them. But it wasn’t enough.
The conversation quickly moved on to a poltergeist hunt Eileen had been on at some point but Dean was now uncomfortably aware of the fact that at some point, Castiel and him would have to have the conversation he was dreading. He didn’t know what he was going to say and it scared the shit out of him.
Dean stayed silent for a second. He felt the same way of course and he’s told his angel before, in a quiet moment, just the two of them. But the hunter still had trouble saying it in front of other people so he only said, “Me too.” For now, that was enough.
Dean had rambled on for a while, his nerves not letting him register that Castiel had been accepting the not very well hidden offer to move in with him – really move in together, into their own place – until he put his hand across the mouth and basically shouted, “Yes, Dean, I want to buy a house with you.”
Across the room, Castiel couldn’t help watching the both of them – well, frankly he stared at Dean. Eileen elbowed him lightly before bumping her knuckled against the bottom of his jaw. “Shut your mouth, you’ll catch a fly.”
Sam broke out in laughter across the table which Dean responded to with his middle finger. Then he turned to Castiel again. “I’m just giving you a taste of your own medicine. That’s what I’ve been feeling like for the last twelve years!”
Waving his hand, the sound of wings resounded in the bunker and then Dean was alone again, left to his books. So he sat down and read.
Dean finally pulled himself free, sat on one of the bar stools to hide his shaky legs and smiled as a beer bottle was placed in front of him. “Yeah, well, I guess I found something to stay alive for.”
“Oh, don’t you worry about that. Plenty of mischief to manage still.” The impish glint in Charlie’s eyes promised Dean enough trouble to last a lifetime. Or eternity, he figured.
, he reminded himself as he clenched his fists, forcing his mind away from the douchebag angel. The movement drew his attention to his hand. Adorning his left ring finger was the slim silver band that matched the one Castiel wore. The sight instantly conjured up a smile on Dean’s face.
Jack stared at Dean with something in his eyes that from any other person Dean would have assumed it was pity. But he knew Jack too well to see anything but kindness and genuine sorrow.
Sam had gone to get them all some food and check in with Eileen who had stayed behind to go visit Mildred in her retirement home and make sure the old lady wasn’t bothering all the male nurses too much.
“Dean, he… When he realized he didn’t have all that much time left, he wrote down what he needed you to know and made me promise I’d give it to you after he was gone.”
Every inch the hounds moved forward, Dean felt closer to passing out. He couldn’t get enough air into his lungs, his heartbeat was pounding in his ears and his sight started to darken around the edges. He’d have done anything to just pass out into blackness.
Dean stopped to take a breath and run his trembling fingers through his hair. The entire time Castiel had just been staring at him out of glassy blue eyes, red rimmed but never taking them off of him.
Dean stared at her before raising his eyebrows approvingly and sipping his beer. “Good to know, actually. That’ll definitely come in handy.”
Dean sighed dramatically to cover up the nervousness that was starting to set in before he brought up the hand that had been hiding under the table and set down a simple black box on the table. “No, I really don’t. That’s why I got you that.”
After he got dressed Castiel pushed aside all the shirts hanging on the rack to find the box he knew hid in the back corner. Kneeling on the ground he took the lid off and pulled out the old trench coat that sat neatly folded in there, kept safe from dust and moths for years.
Years later and still not good with compliments, Dean rubbed at his neck and ignored the comment, opting instead to gesture around the dirty road they stood on. “So what memory is this? I remember the Roadhouse but it never had a doggy door.”
But donning the coat now, feeling the tan fabric where he’d pushed the sleeves up, he felt an odd comfort he wouldn’t have understood back when he was still an angel.
The younger man looked down at the head of hair in confusion before catching Castiel’s eyes over the metal railing. Castiel sighed deeply and raised his hands in an exasperated manner. “He found the ring box. Sorry.”
Finally bringing the scotch to his mouth, he decided to make it worth it and swallowed big gulps, ignoring the slight burn in his throat as it went down. In fact he appreciated it. Any pain gave him a distraction however short it may be.
Dean huffed a frustrated sigh and rubbed his hands over his face harshly. “It’s not. There’s virtually nothing about that hellhole in any of this shit. I thought the Men of Letters were oh so smart! How come none of their lore says anything about the Empty?”
. Dean forced himself to relax. Breathing in as slow as he could manage, he made his shoulders lose the tension.
Dean reached for the sriracha sauce to pour over his noodles but wasn’t really paying attention. So of course, he missed the bottle, only grazed it with his arm and pushed it over to roll down the table. Expecting to have to clean up red sauce from the floor he was already almost standing when Eileen caught the bottle in a smooth motion and handed it over to him with a grin.
Then he remembered that was the first case they’d taken on after Castiel had returned from the Empty. He hastily turned away from the photo, stumbling a bit in the process and hitting the opening of the glass bottle against his teeth with a loud click.
Triumphantly, Dean threw a fist in the air and grinned widely at his brother. “Hah! See? I told you!” Of course he hadn’t considered the glass still in his hand – the hand he had raised in victory to be exact – and watched appalled as the thick green muck ran down the glass onto his arm and soaked his sleeve.
“No, no, no. This can’t be happening. I can’t do this again. Please.” Dean didn’t realized he was begging until he heard the choked sob as his voice broke at the end of it.
“Dean, I didn’t realize how this would look to you. How it would affect you.” A sad smile passed over his face. “To be honest, I didn’t have much time to think about anything considering Death was quite literally knocking down the door and it was the only plan I could come up with. This isn’t an excuse for what I’ve put you through with my decision though. I am so sorry, Dean.”
Dean stopped in the middle of his sentence and ended up getting shoved against the metal banister. Distracted, he didn’t retaliate because he was busy sniffing the air. “Something smell burnt to you?”
Now looking like he was about to protest, the angel interrupted him once again. “Dean, you’re exhausted. Even without my grace I can see that. You need to sleep.”
It’s honestly the least he could do after the angel sacrificed himself for Dean. Again. How many times was that now? He couldn’t recall. What a fucked up thing that this kinda thought was normal in the Winchester household.
After that the hunters relaxed. Most of them had met Jack at one point or another and apparently this was proof enough for them that while his abilities might have changed, inside he was still just the young kid who loved nougat. Besides, he’d been raised by three of their own.
The first time they’d went to play minigolf instead of watching a movie – mostly because Dean and Claire hadn’t stopped arguing over whether to watch Harry Potter or Indiana Jones and Sam had put a stop to it by announcing they were all going for a drive, post it notes still partially attached to the Impala’s hood – it had been a disaster. Sam had spent the evening trying to explain the game to Castiel and Jack and was almost knocked out by a golf club when he turned his back. To this day no one remembered if it was one of the beginners; all of them however suspected it had actually been Dean but couldn’t prove it since Claire had been quick to give him a solid alibi.
After smiling at Jack for a moment in greeting, he immediately delved into explaining his request, knowing all too well the nephilim might disappear at any given moment.
Next to them, Claire and Kaia held hands, both with unreadable expressions on their faces. White knuckles however were jutting out of Claire’s fist, clearly hurting Kaia’s hand but she held on for dear life for her girlfriend.
Turning his annoyed face towards the hunter, Castiel replied, “Yes, I did. I’m a liar. And I’m not even sorry. Those pants have become a safety hazard. You seem to forget that I have to sleep in that room, too.”
“Sam and Cas will be along soon enough. Time here … It moves differently. But you should head inside now. I think there’s some people waiting for you.”
Not even remotely surprising to anyone, it didn’t even take Claire and Jack a week before conspiring against Dean. And so one day he walked into his bar – that should’ve been locked, thanks Sam, for guarding the spare key with your life – and was greeted with the biggest gay pride flag known to mankind hanging from the back wall.
Back home Dean threw himself into checking up on everybody; calling some, texting others just to make sure all his friends were back, safe and sound.
The smile dropped quickly as he choked on his coffee when suddenly there was a hand too high up on his thigh for the scene to be PG-13 anymore. Castiel leaned in close, the hand tightening just a little and whispered into Dean’s ear, “You wouldn’t even last 3 days.”
“All this time I didn’t – I couldn’t let myself think of- of anything more. I didn’t allow myself to even entertain the idea because … Well, you’re a freakin’ angel! What’s a stupid human like me in comparison? And a fucking broken one at that! And then when – just when I kinda came around to it, when I was ready to just say fuck it and tell you in Purgatory, you didn’t let me finish and when we got back, it was just one shitshow after the other and I barely had any time to breathe, let alone figure out my feelings.
“As I told you before, Dean. I don’t kiss and tell.” The effect of her reply was lost however when she gave him a devilish grin that answered everything he wanted to know. And more.
“Not the point, Sammy. Listen, do we still have our luck or not? I don’t know. But what I do know is the way Dad raised us. Now, was he a neglective drunk asshole who abused us? Yes. Yes, he was. Do I still wanna kick his ass for raising us the way he did, like soldiers? Fuck yes. But what he did teach us is how to hunt. And hell if we don’t make a damn fine pair of hunters, Sam.” He looked over to him to make sure his point was getting across. “Luck or not, we have the
Dean kept his eyes on his beer bottle as he replied. “Nah, Cas. It’s all fine. Just … triggered some bad memories or whatever but I’ll pull through, don’t worry.”
She bared her fangs, clearly ready for dinner, when Sam jumped up, blade in hand and beheaded her in one smooth move.
Dean shrunk back marginally, his eyes flying to stare at Castiel’s dress shoes. “But you’re human! You shouldn’t have-“
“Don’t you try and lecture me. You’ve done it so many times. I made the right choice, I still believe that. And I would do it again.” The stubborn look had returned to the angel’s face and Dean knew he had to let it go if he didn’t want this to turn into a full blown fight.
going to cry. Breaking out in tears and sobs in the solitude of his room was one thing. But he wasn’t going to do that right now. Quietly he added, “You said you loved me and then you left me. And I get that you did it to save me and I’m grateful for that, I am but … Cas, this always happens. People say they care about me and then they leave me. No one stays and I’m left to pick up the pieces.” He spoke solely to his noodle-printed socks, not once looking up.
Pushing all the books to the floor, uncaring for the old covers and the frail pages, Dean put on the headphones that were plugged into his walkman, flicked off the lamp on his nightstand and wriggled his way under the covers. He didn’t even know where Miracle was hiding out but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his room again. Surely Sam would let him sleep into his room. He’d taken a liking to the fluff ball which wasn’t surprising to anybody. The kid had begged for a dog his entire childhood after all.
“In the area, huh? What’s a nice girl like you doin’ in a place like this?” he asked, sitting down and petting the seat next to him.
When Dean’s head shot up and he stared at him with glassy eyes in wonder and unveiled joy, nodding frantically, Sam knew he didn’t ever stand a chance to be mad at him for going through his stuff.
What worried him however was the fact that Dean had no fight left in him to even argue about talking feelings.
If someone asked where he went tomorrow, he’d just blame the alcohol and say he needed to lie down. Not like anyone was going to believe that – rarely having been sober at all in 35 years that was a shitty excuse even for Dean. He just didn’t care anymore.
With a grumble, Dean filled his own mug to the brim with coffee and slid into the seat next to Castiel’s. “Well, you still lied. So no sex for a week.”
Amidst Dean’s frenzy there was a low sound from his desk drawer for a short moment before it started playing a joyful sounding melody.
Dean shrugged, going for nonchalant but failing as he was scratching the back of his neck. “Nothin’. Just admiring the view.”
He dove for the lamp and almost pulled it out of the plug in the wall as he tried to turn it on with shaky hands.
“D’you really think I was gonna fall for that?” Dean leaned in close to the masked creature with a smug smirk. “I went up against Hitler, Death and God. And I won each time. Piece of metal ain’t gonna do me in,” Dean bragged, shooting the vampire a wink and a grin before he swung his arm back and buried his machete in the wood of the post, watching the head fly off and land in the dirt with a dull thump while the rest of the body went limp as it hung on the rusty makeshift nail.
Mildred took in the heart-eyes the man displayed and laid a hand on his arm to bring his attention back to her. She leaned in close, wearing a conspiring expression. “Then you hold onto him. You hear me, Dean? As long as you’re happy, that’s all that matters. The rest is confetti.”
If Dean wouldn’t be Dean, if he hadn’t compelled Castiel to help them stop the apocalypse – well, the first iteration of it anyway – all those years ago, if the angel had never met him, never pulled him out of Hell, he’d be fine now. He wouldn’t have died at all, ever.
“So d’you think when Chuck lost his powers he also took our luck away again?” Sam didn’t look at Dean as he murmured the question, opting to stare at the darkness passing by through the window instead.
Sam sat in the passenger’s seat, giving Dean an exasperated bitch face. “She’s got it, Dean. Will you please let us go now?”
Sam just stared at him worriedly. He knew Dean wasn’t finished and he was proven right when Dean’s shoulders folded in on themselves and he let his head drop to his chest.
Sam focused his attention to the last one standing, getting punched once, punching him once before taking his head off as well.
Castiel nodded his thanks and dug into his breakfast. He was only half a human being in the mornings. Dean raised his eyebrow at him but kept quiet, sipping from his own mug occasionally and watching his angel eat.
Dean stopped to take a couple breaths, realizing he’d started shaking. He closed his eyes and dropped his head back to stare at the ceiling. “I never got to even think about it all properly ‘cause everything happened so fast and now you’re gone and this isn’t how it was supposed to go, Castiel!”
Castiel sighed frustratedly, throwing his hands up. “That’s the thing, Dean. There’s nothing to fix. I know you desperately want to mend every issue anyone has but this isn’t something you can repair.” Dean kept his eyes on his angel, waiting patiently because he knew this was the best way to make him open up. Just wait and listen. And it worked like a charm, each time, he thought as he watched Castiel bury his face in his hands as he quietly admitted, “The problem isn’t that I was hurt, Dean, it’s that
“I didn’t… I didn’t even have time to process the fact that you were freakin’ killing yourself there, man. Let alone…” He started pacing again, the hurting hand coming up to his neck to rub harshly. He could feel his anger rising again but his voice seemed to have stopped cooperating. The hunter wanted to shout, yell and scream but his voice barely came out as a whisper. In the quiet of his room it still seemed too loud to acknowledge any of this after so many years of repressing and deflecting.
“I’ll deal with you later, Posh Spice!” Hey, if he had to listen to the crap music, he might as well make it an insult.
A low laugh rang across the room. “I’ll try not to. I promise.” Castiel’s deep voice carried over to Dean in a soft tone and he smiled in response, not realizing that the room was too dark for either to see. “Sleep well, Dean.”
And all the alternate universes we’ve gotten thrown in? I mean, hell, remember that time Balthazar zapped us into the TV set of Supernatural? The books and the conventions were bad enough but that? I still have nightmares about that. What was Cas’ name there? Misha? Dude, come on. Nobody’s called
Sam stood next to the pastor, fiddling with the cuffs of his shirt until Dean stepped forward and slapped at his fingers warningly. Across from him, Castiel smiled at them both warmly, holding tightly onto the box in his hands that looked like the one in Dean’s hand.
Giving himself just a second to bury his head in Castiel’s neck, Dean whispered into dark hair, “Fuck, man, I’ve missed you.”
forgive you? Jack, you’re our kid. Kids make mistakes and it’s the parents’ job to forgive them. You’re not the same person anymore, you’re
Both men looked down at their intertwined fingers when Dean continued, “I push you away all the time and I know that fucking sucks and I hate myself for how I’ve treated you after Mom – but there’s a reason for this. I’m not pushing you away for the fun of it. I’m pushing you away ‘cause I’m fucking terrified of what’ll happen if I don’t. You’re already the best friend I’ve ever had, Cas. I’m scared of what will happen if I let you be more than that.”
Dean grinned at her, relieved when he felt Castiel relax against his side. “Guess I finally grew up.”
“Dean, it’s a barrel of beer. I hardly think it deserves death just because you got a splinter from it.”
Claire trailed after him lazily and raised a hand in greeting; she’d watched the dog while they were gone on a hunt. It was rare for them nowadays to hit the road and deal with the things that went bump in the night – there were enough young hunters to pass the torch to – but a demon had gone rogue and Rowena had called them to ask for – nay, demand – their assistance as she didn’t want to get her new pair of high heels dirty. So they’d gone, found the demon, got teased for their choice in spray paint and exorcised the demon for Rowena to deal with in Hell. The poor dude he’d possessed had been confused and traumatised by the three grown men pointing various weapons at him, but overall he’d be fine.
, he thought but couldn’t speak it out loud. Because that would make it real and he couldn’t let it be real. Not without…
In the hallway Dean let his mask fall as soon as he was out of sight from the guests. Stopping a few feet away from the kitchen he leaned on the tiled wall with one hand, rubbing the other over his face, shoulders slumped in defeat. Any hint of a smile had disappeared as soon as he had turned his back to the war room. Instead of entering the kitchen to get another drink as he’d told Sam he would, he passed right by it. He had no plans of going back out there.
I mean, yeah, what happened after that? Whole lotta bullshit there, I gotta say. I mean the crap that was thrown our way? God, it’s ridiculous. The things we’ve fought, the fucked up things that happened to us? We’ve put up with – man, you remember when those guys stole that rabbit foot out of Dad’s storage? I mean, hell, what a day. Won the lottery, lost the lottery. You lost your shoe that day, didn’t you?
Bracing himself for pain to shoot up his back on the heavy impact, Dean was shocked when it didn’t happen. Instead he fell into a never ending black hole, letting the sweet promise of nothingness swallow him as he finally lost consciousness, the last thing he saw the image of the evil contortion of the man he loved staring after him as he plummeted.
He was so deep into thoughts that he jumped a little when a warm hand settled on his shoulder. He looked up and promptly stood to embrace the woman standing next to the sofa he’d sat on. “Mildred! How ya doin’, beautiful?”
The hunter started to get nervous. He still couldn’t figure out where he was and he couldn’t get out of here. His head snapped around when a branch broke behind him.
Dean’s room was where they ended up. It gave the illusion of privacy even when no one else was in the bunker. Well, except Miracle but he was blissfully asleep in his bed in the library after having dinner and they didn’t want to disturb him.
Nothing changed except for the sun that had been burning high in the sky but was now setting, making way for a moon whose light was suppressed by a thick wall of clouds.
Dean knew. He didn’t know how exactly he did, call it a mother’s instinct as he had basically taken over that job growing up, but he understood exactly what was going on the second his eyes set on the happy tears already pooling in his brother’s eyes.
Dean screwed up his face even more as he imagined a sparkly demon trap. He shuddered dramatically before he dropped down to the floor to wrap his arms around Miracle who came running down the hallway to welcome them home.
There was silence in the bunker for a moment. Nothing made a sound, not even the noisy pipes that usually never shut up.
“So,” Dean began slowly, tapping a finger on his desk and tracking the movement with his eyes to avoid making eye contact with Castiel who sat at the foot of his bed with his trench coat neatly folded beside him. Dean decided to start off rather easy. “When you said you heard me pray to you … What all did you hear? ‘Cause I wasn’t even aware I was praying at all.” Dean chewed on his bottom lip nervously. He’d said and thought a lot of things these past couple days. Not knowing what exactly had made the cut and got delivered over to the Empty and what hadn’t was a bit nerve-wracking.
Dean nodded distractedly. He looked at his feet and swallowed thickly. Then he rubbed his sweaty palms over his jeans and looked up at the angel with a determined look in his eyes. “Okay, let’s talk.”
Each of the brothers focusing on two masked vamps, the fight wasn’t too hard at first. Sam kicked one of them in the chest, causing him to stumble backwards against a bale of hay and focused on making quick process of the other one, cutting his head cleanly off with the metallic clang of his machete sounding through the air before the other man could even stand back up. He’d underestimated the strength of this one however and was shocked when the vampire just picked him up before dropping him down to the ground. The hunter groaned as he hit the floor. Shit, he was gonna feel that in his back for days. Momentarily distracted by fumbling for his blade, Sam didn’t see the punch coming until he was knocked out cold.
Beer bottles were chilling in the fridge under the bar top, more were stocked in the big one sitting in the storage room and the neon signs advertising several different brands of the stuff were all in working condition.
Looking around the room now, he realized, he’d always had it. These were the people who loved him unconditionally, even if he was being a stubborn ass.
That still left the Winchester’s group of friends who had taken Eileen in as soon as they’d met her.
He tried to ignore it but it got louder and louder and didn’t stop so at last he lunged to the floor, ripped the drawer open and nearly out of its hinges and grabbed the phone he almost couldn’t see through his tears.
For some reason Eileen and Sam exchanged a smile at that that was way too loving for the topic of the conversation.
A thought crossed Sam’s mind then and he clapped a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “So, you gonna be my best man if she agrees on this whole thing, jerk?”
The older woman had been here since Dean and Castiel had arrived but she was deep into what looked like serious conversation with Eileen in the kitchen so after Sam had welcomed them at the door, he’d let himself be led to the living room and gratefully taken the offered beer. Where his angel had disappeared to, Dean had no idea.
Sam shot him his signature bitch face but dropped it quick and sighed. “I do but I don’t want to leave you here alone.”
So they’d rolled up to the house to smoke this bitch out. Turned out though, the ghost they were hunting had been a tiny bit more powerful than they anticipated. All three of them ended up getting thrown around some. Dean knew he had a bruised rib or two, Sam had a nasty gash on his temple from getting shoved into a glass cabinet and Castiel …
The angel looked at the plate in his hands with regret. “I’m afraid we burned the bacon a little though.”
So he wrapped him in the fluffiest blanket he could find, got him some PB&J and cuddled him thoroughly while they watched some documentary about bees that Castiel followed with interest as Dean tried not to fall asleep. Miracle did his best from Castiel’s other side, having sensed the distress in the angel as well and wanting to help.
Light flooded the room as Eileen turned over to push his torso forward so Sam could tuck his head between his bent knees before she began rubbing slow circles into his back. Sam knew she was talking, heard her soothing voice trying to guide him through his panic but he couldn’t make out words over the fast drum of his heartbeat that echoed in his ears.
It wasn’t as if the Men of Letters hideout would stay empty forever, either. The network Sam had started had an extra category now. Safespots. The bunker now functioned as a place for hunters to stop for the night – or longer, if they needed – gather information and data and just somewhere to rest for a minute.
But, Sammy, I did. We did. When I look at you, Eileen at your side and little Maura growing up so beautiful and smart and kindhearted, I sometimes imagine the kid storming out of the motel room and yelling about wanting a normal life. Wanting out. Sam, you’ve done it. Well, normal might be a little exaggerated but happy? Now that, that you have accomplished. I can see that when you look at the little family you’ve built for yourself.
The dress Eileen had said Yes to in the end was a stunning white number. It was cinched in at the waist and had beautiful lace detailing all around the top part before flaring out in a wide, flowy skirt that ended around her knees.
All in all, Sam mused, nothing much had changed since they’d gotten their heads out of their asses. They still bickered like an old married couple, still fought fiercely only to make up soon after because neither could stay away from the other for long and they still shared those lingering stares that suggested they were communicating on a whole different plane of existence while the rest of the world could only shuffle their feet awkwardly and wait for the two of them to return to reality.
“Why – Why would you even say that, all that crap. It’s not fair, Cas!” Dean’s voice rose in volume. Leaving the bottle behind on the floor, he got up and paced around the room in small circles, not being able to stay still any longer. “Why would you say that to me, make up a whole goddamn speech, right after announcing that dumbass deal with this dumbass entity and then… and then just…”
At that Dean bristled. “What do you mean? I don’t care. I like being alone. After the week we’ve had? I just wanna take a long, hot shower and fall straight into bed.” Dean tried to give Sam a nonchalant shrug but he knew he couldn’t convince his brother that he was fine.
Trying to gain the upper hand against his opponent, Dean only realized that Sam had gone down when it was too late and he was pinned to the floor by the remaining two vampires.
He grabbed his angel’s elbow and led them out the door, leaving it ajar, making the yellow sign swing that hung from the wood, proudly declaring this room belonged to Maura Lillian – a name Sam had suggested and made Eileen cry in the process, consisting of the two mother figures that got taken from her far too early.
Many faces he had never seen before, some of them people that had told Sam they’d known Dean from cases he’d worked alone, a long time ago; but mostly it was just hunters that wanted to honor his brother.
“Y’know, what I still don’t get is the masks and the cut out tongues. Like, what kinda self respecting vamp does that?” Dean mused as they hit the dark, empty highway. “Thought that sorta signature was meant for Dahmer or Bundy.”
Even Charlie and Stevie had confirmed their invitations even though they’d just come back jetlagged from their honeymoon in London yesterday.
There was some shuffling and then Dean felt body heat at his back and a hand on his arm that gently coerced him to turn around and look Castiel in the eyes.
by the Spice Girls. Don’t ask him how he knew the song. Sam had a habit of playing bad ‘90s pop in the mornings to annoy Dean. The man’s face turned dark with a frown as he marched to the audio system propped up on the other side of the room, barely getting a glance at Claire’s grinning face before her blonde ponytail disappeared into the hallway, pulling Kaia after her.
Sam barely had a foot through the bunker door when he came back that weekend from spending a couple days at Eileen’s, before he was crushed in a hug. “I’m proud of you, Sammy.”
Dean cleared his throat when the silence became too much and turned his head to grin at his friend. “So wait. What you were saying with your little bedtime story earlier is that my prayers saved you.”
Jack grinned at him and nodded. “I will, I promise.” He stepped back and raised his hand for his mandatory wave but something was nagging at Dean. He’d thought about it a lot last night so before he could talk himself out of it or Jack could disappear, Dean held up a hand.
Today would have been a minigolf kind of night – they alternated, neither Sam nor Castiel willing to put up with the pure chaos that radiated into the atmosphere any time Dean, Claire and Jack were allowed together into public every month – but considering the next course they were actually allowed in was an hour away, they’d opted for movie night. Sam was secretly relieved. Enduring Dean on a hunt was exhausting enough. At least the movie would force him to shut up for some time.
They sat and watched in silence as the sun set over the trees, painting the sky in beautiful oranges, reds and pinks.
“Don’t pretend as if you care. Besides, we got Cas back, Chuck is gone, everyone who got Thanos-snapped is home safe. I say we celebrate a little.” He shrugged his shoulders.
The woman scowled. Apparently not the answer she was looking for. “Jenny. From Manning, Colorado,” at Dean’s confused head shake she growled in frustration. “Luther’s nest! In 2006?”
He didn’t know what a good father even looked like, what the expectations were and how he would make sure the kid would be safe, healthy and happy. And speaking of safe – there were things out there that would try and hurt them and he wasn’t even talking about creepy dudes in white vans who offered free candy. Sam knew the kinds of thing that were out there, he knew the things that went bump in the night. How could he ever possibly hope to keep a kid safe without-
“Regret already? That’s gotta be a new record.” Sam came back into the room with three plates and a box of pizza, setting all of it down on the table before distributing beer to everyone.
They all watched on solemnly while the fire consumed the body of the legend they had all come to love.
They did it. Everyone in this room, Dean’s entire family. They did it. Some had gotten out of the hunting business with their lives, some weren’t as fortunate. But they’d all managed to end up here. In this run down, messy little dive bar that to Dean still felt like home, even years and years after it was burned down to a crisp.
She lowered herself into the seat next to him and stole his whiskey, throwing it back impressively fast. She smiled at him affectionately.
Castiel hadn’t come along on their vamp hunt for two reasons. One, he was newly human – again – and Dean wanted him to get used to it first before taking risks. Of course his angel had huffed and puffed and argued but in the end had stayed home. Not necessarily because the hunter had insisted but because of the second reason: Claire had come through town on her way back from a simple ghost hunt and called them up to see if she could swing by.
“Jack! I know you’re listening and I don’t care that you wanna be hands off! Get your feathered ass down here this instant or you ain’t gettin’ a Christmas card!” Dean yelled at the top of his lungs at the night sky, thousands of stars glittering above him. As he glanced around, nothing changed. Just a lonely hunter, standing there in the cold breeze, screaming at nothing but the dying grass to his feet.
“Hello, Dean.” The hunter jumped and almost fell back on his ass a second time today when all of a sudden Jack appeared next to him, hand raised in a wave, awkward as always.
Considering they had been telling the story of how they defeated God more than a couple times, it probably shouldn’t have come as a surprise that at the sight of Jack stepping foot into the war room, everyone kind of just stopped moving. No one here had a great record at dealing with powerful beings after all.
Castiel’s blue eyes widened at the close contact as Dean lowered his head to press their foreheads together. “This okay?” he asked, his voice nothing more than a whisper that blew against Castiel’s chapped lips. There was only a tiny nod that Dean took as his cue to close his eyes and meet his lips in a soft, chaste kiss.
Among the mess on the surface, between books and notes and pens, his eyes fell on a picture staring up at him. It was a picture Dean had taken of him and Castiel, dressed up in their FBI outfits, wearing the cowboy hats. Of course Dean had talked the angel into taking a selfie with him. The opportunity to play dress up as a cowboy needed to be commemorated after all.
“Thank you,” Castiel said after they were done throwing food boxes and containers away and placing dishes in the sink to be dealt with another time.
Then his eyes fell to the person sitting next to him at the bar, smiling at him but not wanting to interrupt. “Kevin? The hell’re you doin’ here?” Dean exclaimed with a happy laugh and pulled him off the stool into a hug.
He was about to turn off the light and leave the room when he heard shuffling out in the hallway. Spinning around and getting into a fighting stance in front of the bed, Castiel pulled his angel blade out of his coat. He didn’t know what he was expecting to appear but it was certainly not the light haired creature that came running into the room and jumped up on the bed without as much as glancing at Castiel.
Dean knew that stubborn bitch face too well to continue arguing. It was a lost cause anyway. He would just have to make sure the angel would sleep in an actual bed tonight.
All three of them looked hideous but that had kind of been the point when Dean had ordered them around the store earlier, finding the most colourful Hawaiian shirts the shop had to offer. Sam and Castiel had just gone along with it, neither finding it in their heart to wipe the wide grin off Dean’s face.
His breaths coming out irregular and harsh, Dean had to lean onto the wall now to avoid falling over.
Raising his eyebrows at Eileen who just shrugged her shoulders and reached for more chicken, Sam grinned at Dean. “We were just wondering if y’all have been talking at all since this morning.” The emphasis on the word talking left no room for misunderstanding and had Dean ducking his head and Castiel pushing his food around on his plate.
Dean looked around the room a while later, his arms around Castiel’s waist as his angel gestured with his hands while he told Ellen, Bobby and Pamela a story Dean was sure he’d heart a hundred times before. His attention was on the song playing out of the dusty old jukebox as he lowly hummed along into Castiel’s hair.
“Damnit, Cas. You told me I changed you but did it ever occur to you that you changed me, too? You pulled me outta Hell, sure. But after that you stuck around. I know I talk a big game of free will but honestly? You showed me what free will actually means. You showed me that there were things worth falling for, things that are worth turning your back to everything you know for.
When his food was gone and only drudges of his coffee remained, Castiel finally asked, “What? Why are you staring at me like that?”
Castiel simply smiled as he raised a hand to cup Dean’s jaw, running his fingers over his cheekbones. “I’ve been alone since the dawn of time, Dean. I want to spend eternity with you.”
Taking the bacon from his angel’s hands, Dean slung his arm around his shoulder. “If having bacon that’s been tortured in the ninth circle of Hell means coming home from a hunt to homemade dinner-“ He led them all to the map table while shoving a strip of bacon into his mouth with a loud crunch, “I’ll gladly take it.”
After they’d said their goodbyes to Jack, Sam and Dean had driven back to the bunker and drunk the obligatory beer to celebrate their win together. It felt good to know it was over but it seemed wrong to both of them that only two seats of the table were filled. Well, two seats at the table and one on the floor considering Dean hadn’t been able to leave Miracle the dog behind and just whistled to him to come jump into the backseat of the Impala while he ignored Sam’s incredulous laughter.
“It’s the real Cas, Dean. He’s back and he’s fine and now he’s safe, too.” A tiny smile settled on Sam’s face. “We finally caught a break, dude. We did it, we got everyone back – including Cas! We defeated Chuck, Jack’s the big boss now, Rowena is running Hell. This is good, Dean. It’s been years since the tide’s turned in our favour like this and damnit if we don’t deserve it.”
Been a while since one of us died, hasn’t it? … How fucked up have our lives been that that sentence even makes sense?
“Yeah, me too. I honestly don’t know what I would’ve done if she didn’t …” A sad look flashed over Sam’s face before it quickly turned into a happy smile that made him look like an excited puppy. “I’m just happy things have turned out well for us for once. And now with you back? It’s damn near perfect.”
Castiel had been quiet the whole way back, declining the passenger seat in favour of the backseat and had spent the four hour drive to the bunker staring grimly out the window with a sour face.
Dean leaned in close to the older lady. “So you’re allowed into his backroom, huh? Thought nobody’s allowed in there.” He wiggled his eyebrows at the innuendo.
“Maybe they wanna protect their identity? I don’t know, Dean.” Sam stood across from him and pondered distractedly over a map.
There were fairies and leprechauns and ghosts that just wanted a birthday party and geeky shapeshifters that watched too many monster movies and vamps that went after Twilight fans – though I can’t really argue with that one – and the Wicked Bitch of the West and honestly every time we ran into Gabriel before we found out that he wasn’t a trickster. And afterwards, too, really. What a weird fucking guy, even for an angel.
Returning back inside after watching Eileen’s red car drive off, Dean found Castiel cleaning up their trash. “Here, lemme help.” Dean grabbed some plates and empty bottles and they made their way to the kitchen.
You know, I’ve always wondered how my life would have turned out if I hadn’t picked you up at Stanford that day when Dad hadn’t come back from his hunting trip. I must have stood outside your dorm for hours. Because I didn’t know what you would say. I thought you’d tell me to get lost. Or get dead. I honestly don’t know what I would have done. I was so scared, Sammy. At that point, it had always been you and me.
Before he could contemplate it further, he heard a noise in the back. Gesturing at Sam, they snuck closer with raised machetes only to quickly lower them when they opened the door to what looked like a storage room and only found the two missing kids in there.
Eventually, Maura fell asleep in her uncle’s arms and Dean laid her into her crib gently. As he straightened back up he noticed Castiel stare at him and blushed all over his face. “Shut up.”
Taking it away again in favour of rubbing a hand down his face, Dean dropped down and sat on the floor at the bottom of his bed, his knees brought up to his chest, shoulders slumped as if a heavy weight was holding them down.
He slowed his pace down when he got close to the bedroom like he was approaching a wounded animal, wary of scaring it.
Castiel had obviously not expected Dean to be the one to breach the subject if the genuine surprise on his face meant anything. To his credit though he quickly recovered and his face smoothed out as he nodded and held out an arm as if to say
Shaking the musings out of his head, Castiel stood up. He pressed a last kiss to each of Dean’s closed eyelids before he left the room.
Dean bit his lip and closed his eyes, trying to pretend this was any other hookup he'd ever had, and desperately trying to convince himself that he didn't like it so much.  He had to remember that this was just an experiment for Cas - just curious exploration, nothing more.  Cas's hand grazed the side of his face, and his eyes fluttered closed just before Cas leaned in to press soft, gentle little kisses against his lips.  His body was already begging for more, and Cas was happy to indulge him.
Cas stared ahead in awe as they drew nearer, fascinated by the sheer number of lights covering the  enormous tree. "It's even cooler than it looks on TV," he breathed.
Tentatively, Cas inched in closer, and Dean wrapped him in a crushing hug.   "Mine," he murmured, his fingers gently stroking at Cas's damp hair.  "Don't you ever doubt how important you are, how much I need you... shit, why are you crying again? " he asked as a loud sniffle interrupted his rambling.
Cas gasped as the cool air hit him, and the reality of being stripped bare in front of Dean suddenly sent a new wave of excitement and anxiety coursing through his body. He was completely inexperienced in anything related to human sexuality, but if Dean was involved, he was eager to learn. Still, it was all new and somewhat frightening, so he closed his eyes and focused on slowing his ragged breathing.
"What do you want from me?" Cas tried to hiss, his gag again turning it into a slew of muffled groans.
"Hey," Dean greeted him with a huge smile that had Cas melting and fidgety at the same time.  He was dressed in a slim-fitting black leather moto jacket with a layered hoodie, and a green t-shirt that made his already-bright green eyes look even brighter. It was a look Cas could never pull off, and he stood there staring stupidly at how effortlessly breathtaking he was.
"Actually, I heard the plow go by, so I figured you might want help shoveling.  Your little buddy there's never gonna get out of the driveway."
"Mr. Novak!" Dr. Mitchell's smiling face greeted him as he walked into the office.  "It's been a few weeks since I last saw you.  How are you feeling?"
Cas closed his eyes and fixated on his breath again, determined to at least get the hyperventilating under control.  He allowed himself to cling to Dean's voice like a lifeline; after all, it wasn't like things could get much worse.
Dean shrugged. "I used to volunteer at a shelter, but I haven't been there in a while. I feel bad, but I've just been so busy lately. Anyway, yeah. I've got a friend there and she said they can take him in tonight."
A little squeak arose from Cas's throat and he felt himself blushing again. "Dean... I... think I know what 'continuing' means and I... Ohh!" he moaned as Dean's right hand inched seductively up the inside of his thigh.
Cas's body buckled forward and he buried his face in the pillow to muffle the embarrassingly loud cry that escaped his throat. As big as it looked, it felt twice as big going in, and every muscle in his lower body seemed to be resisting.
"I saw him play in Cleveland a few months back.  He's so good live," Dean said pensively.  "Have you seen him play?"
think it was weird at first, but I kinda get it now. I mean, with Dean,  there's a reason he needs this.  And if reverting to his childhood every so often helps... I guess it's not so weird."
Dean paused to look at him.  "Really?  Uh, yeah.  Sure. But don't judge me on this.  It's nowhere near done yet. I'll burn you one of my favorite live sets."
and he most definitely wanted to see Dean, even if the thought made him tremble with anxiety and anticipation.   "Um.  When?"
"Good boy," Dean hissed in his ear before turning back to his equipment.  "What's up, New York? How's everyone feeling?" he yelled into his microphone.  A cheer erupted from the room and Cas slumped down onto the stool, trying even harder to blend into the background.
Cas grinned and picked up his pizza, folding it before shoving a bite into his mouth and chewing thoughtfully.  "Oh. My. God.  I don't think I can ever eat regular pizza again," he murmured. "
"That's my cue," he said with his dazzling grin. "Thank you all so much, but it's almost time and I've gotta go. Hope everyone has fun tonight."
Dean couldn't wipe the grin off his face if he tried.  "Well, what are you waiting for?  Let's do it again."  They hurried back up the hill, slipping and sliding as they held onto one another to keep from falling.
, Cas," Sam yelled, tightening his grip on Cas's arm.  They slowly made their way to the bar where Sam directed him to a stool.  "Sit," he commanded.
.  He fucking hated when he cried.  Crying was rarely tolerated when he was a child, but he'd never been able to help himself when tears threatened.
Cas just smiled and kissed him tenderly, then began rucking his t-shirt up over his head.  He unbuttoned his jeans and tugged them down for Dean kick off, then held out a comfortable pair of shorts, motioning for him to step in.
Dean stared silently at the floor for a moment, not quite sure what to say.  "Okay. So how the hell does this dog-thing help?  And how the hell do you know about this shit anyway?"
"Good," Sam smiled.   "A few days will be good for both of us.  Let the vacation begin!   But for now, I'm heading to bed.   I'm wrecked.  You guys want to go for breakfast in the morning?"
"Alright, no worries.  I know where you live."  Cas could hear Dean smiling into the phone, and it made him feel all shivery. "I'll pick you up in a few, okay?"
Dean stared back at him for a moment, torn between wanting breakfast and wanting to avoid Sam, but eventually, his appetite won.  "Okay," he finally agreed.
Sam closed his eyes and leaned back against his headrest. "Whatever you say, Dean.  Hey, wake me when it's time for breakfast."
"Tell you what, Bumblebee.  You've been a good boy today, so when you're ready to get up, we'll go to McDonald's for dinner."
"Awesome," Dean grinned. "Because we're almost there." He circled to find parking a few times, and finally pulled into a paid lot. "Bundle up," he winked as they exited the van. "We'll have to walk a few blocks."
"But how did you know it would be friendly?  It could have attacked me and eaten my face!" Cas yelled dramatically.
anxiety, not so much the social.  Obviously," he chuckled softly.  "And I guess I still get anxious in certain situations sometimes, but I haven't had an attack in a few years.  So I guess the meds are working. Also...  I was really close to my mom.  And uh, for many years... she was very sick.  Depression.  So... Don't go thinking you're weird.  It's not that uncommon, okay?"
to get you out more...  Well hey, none of that matters," he said quickly, feeling Cas's unease growing.  "He's just a guy.  A guy that is apparently interested in you.  Call him, Cassie."  He nudged Cas's cell phone closer to him.
"Fuuuuck," Cas whimpered, and Dean laughed as he pulled back a bit and began bobbing his head, sucking up and down the length of his shaft.
Cas frowned and looked over his shoulder toward Dean.  "Shhh.  God, just shut up.  What do you want?"
"Hrrmph," Cas groaned, suddenly aware that he was dreaming and Gabe was so rudely trying to wake him.  He pulled his blanket up over his head and grumbled something unintelligible.
Frowning with worry once again, Cas sighed and rolled onto his back. "This wasn't how I expected the night to go. I guess it was kind of nice not feeling so anxious around all those people for a change, at least. I wanted to hug random
Frustrated, Cas closed his eyes for a moment and took a long, deep breath.  Today was going to be trying, but he slapped a smile on his face anyway and led Dean down the stairs.
"I love you too."  Dean snuggled in close, and he sighed contentedly as Cas started the DVD.  "Thank you, " he whispered.
Dean tried, unsuccessfully, to hold back a loud peel of laughter.  "Cas!  Uh... sorry," he gasped as he heard Cas groan dejectedly into the line.  "I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  Try something else."
Dean breathed a sigh of relief.  If he made it through the night, it would be a miracle. He lay back down, enjoying the brief silence, letting himself drift in and out of consciousness as he waited for Cas to return.  At some point his brain suddenly realized it had been a while and he glanced over at the clock on the nightstand.  Three forty a.m.
"Whaaat? Now that I've had a taste of you, I'm not sure I can ever get enough..." Dean said, shoving forward to kiss him again.
"Oh!" Sam squeaked in surprise.   He took the toy from Dean's hand and examined it.  "Wow.  It looks just like the real Impala,"he said. "That's pretty cool, Dee."  He handed it back as Dean beamed.  "Oh, here."  Sam fished the other Matchbox car out of his pocket and handed it to him as well.
Gabriel paused in mid-step as he looked at Cas in surprise.  "Holy shit, really?  It's about time, man!  I haven't seen you date at all since we moved in here.  What's it been, like five years?"
"Well my anxiety was so bad, I passed out in front of him," he laughed nervously.  "But after that, it was okay.  I don't know if I would have managed with anyone else, but this guy was really nonchalant about my little quirks.  He didn't make a big deal about it.  And he actually managed to calm me down a bit."
Cas grinned, thankful for more small talk ammunition, although talking to Sam was actually easier than he had expected. He was so laid-back and easy-going, it was nearly as comfortable as talking to Dean. Of course, it probably didn't hurt that they had similar interests to discuss.
Cas was staring at him with a look of concern as he slid back into the booth, but Sam just shook his head to dismiss him.
"Mmmhmm," Dean nodded, that satisfied smirk crossing his face again as he knelt on the edge of the bed and grabbed Cas by the wrists. "Now the game is this," he rasped.  "You can tell me to stop at any time, and I
"Oh," Dean's face fell slightly.  "You're really just helping me into my sleep clothes, huh?  Okay, okay.  Honestly, I'm too tired anyway."
"Alright.  You can do this," he whispered.  He opened his eyes and immediately yelped, spinning around in surprise to see someone watching in the mirror behind him.
"Well okay then," Dean beamed, giving him a kiss on the forehead.  "It'll be great.  I'm excited! Look at you. So damn brave and stubborn! I love it."
As Cas slowly calmed, Dean pulled away, swallowing hard as he glanced over Cas's panting, trembling body.
"Mmmph," Dean mumbled around another big bite of food.  "I like to know what kind of person I'm dealing with right away."
Cas watched them walk away, so proud of little Sammy in that moment that he could burst.  The love he felt for the two of them as 'littles' was very different from the way he normally loved them, but no less intense.  The best part was, they didn't
Cas sighed, suddenly feeling a bit nauseated.  "I shouldn't have said yes.  I'm not sure I'm ready for this right now."
him to was kind of hot. Regardless, right now, all he could think about was the hot, tingly feeling in his abdomen and the fact that whatever Dean was doing was making him thrash and jerk frantically.
Dean almost laughed out loud at the uncharacteristic gesture, but Cas was so close now all he could think about was seeing him lose control.  He growled again and doubled down, working him faster and harder until Cas suddenly yelled his name.
Dean paused, not quite sure if he'd heard that sleepy, garbled voice correctly. Cas's breathing was already deep and slow, and he was sure Cas was already asleep, but he whispered a reply into the darkness anyway.
A bit self-consciously, Cas tucked the pillow under his face and chest and bent forward, but any embarrassment he felt went out the window, when Dean's immediately buried his face in his ass.
"Cas," Dean chuckled.  "First of all, you told me about that before.  And second of all, you're doing fine, so stop worrying.  Hey," he said, deftly changing the subject to distract him.  "Do you listen to Frank Turner?"
"Oh."  There was a long pause on the line as Cas carefully considered this. He had only one frame of reference in regards to sexy talk, so he repeated the first line he could think of. "That's a pretty big tool you have there.  Want to show me how it works?"
Dean's lips collided with his and Cas's let his eyes slip closed.  Every nerve in his body was alive and singing as a warm heat slipped over his body in a slow, steady pull.  When Dean's tongue nudged his lips apart, he whimpered and let his own tongue caress and tease at him, melting at Dean's soft hum of approval.
"Oh fuck!" he yelled as Dean's thumb barely entered him, but as soon as he spoke, it was teasingly rubbing circles around him again.
"Hey Cassie?" Gabe asked as the movie ended. "Why don't you give me a hand in the kitchen and we'll break out the booze? What do you guys drink? Beer? Whiskey? Wine? Something mixed? My bar is pretty stocked."
what I'm talking about." Dean's smile widened. "I saw you storm over out of the corner of my eye. You shoved right through the crowd and put your arm around me like you were staking your claim," he teased.
"Nearly everything you just listed off.  Seriously. I'm dumbfounded, to be honest.  I've never met someone who likes so much of the same shit I like.  Of course,  I also like a lot of trance, house, drum and bass... Depends on what I'm in the mood for."
Cas nearly snorted with laughter.  "Strict is an understatement.  Oh god, no we didn't talk about it. I mean, it wasn't an option. Abstinence until marriage is..." he paused, suddenly coming to a realization.  "Abstinence is all I ever heard about.  And how sex was risky and...
"I know, sweetheart," Dean whispered. "But you've come so far in such a relatively short period of time.  It's pretty amazing, really. You lived through
Alone in his apartment for the night, Dean curled up in his recliner and switched on the TV. Usually he'd be at an after party, having a few drinks and schmoozing with models and B-list celebrities; on a really good night, he'd take one of them back to his place and make them breakfast in the morning. But for some reason, his heart just wasn't in it tonight. He wasn't sure why, exactly.   It wasn't like he hadn't had offers this evening.  Normally he thrived on the social interaction, but right now, he just wanted to be left alone.
Cas considered this for a moment. "Okay, " he finally agreed, holding up a wrist for Dean to unfasten.
"Yeah," Sam smiled. "I'm not big on going out either, to be honest, but I go every so often to see him too. He really is good, but usually I'd rather be home reading or something," he laughed. "I'm not as social as he is. I'm much more of a nerd."
"Gettin' there, I guess," he responded. Crawling from his nice, warm spot on the bed, he stood and began getting undressing. "I'm not quite ready to sleep yet, but I could definitely get under the blankets and snuggle for a while."
"Why would you have.. I mean, why would you want to..." Cas paused, not really sure what he intended to ask.  "Why would... Just...
"I think 'Sammy' is cute," Gabriel chimed in as he started carving the turkey. "Especially since you're a towering giant."
"Well," Dean grinned.  He slipped an arm around Cas's waist and began leading him down the hallway.  "
"Mmmhmm," Dean hummed, giving him a little kiss on his forehead. "Me too.  I still feel like I should bring something else, but your brother is stubborn. I picked out a few bottles of wine. Sammy will bring them in the morning."
having wonky organs," she smiled.  "But you just take the medication and do your best to keep it in check.  And sometimes, despite our best efforts, it gets worse.  So it's important to be proactive like you are right now."
feel good," Cas sighed. He was still horny, but he was also still drained from the excitement of the day, so he closed his eyes and gave in to this warm, blissful feeling that was rapidly consuming him. For a morning that started out void of feeling, Cas was pretty sure he'd felt a dozen different emotions today.  And as welcome as they were, they were also utterly exhausting.
to be mistaken.  Whatever the reason, he felt horrible that he even had to put Dean in this awkward position.  He bit his bottom lip and turned his head, briefly wondering if he would ever be able to look him in the eyes again.
"Watch," he commanded. "Just a little bit of this, and..." He took a tiny dab of the pomade into one hand and set the container on his dresser, then rubbed his hands together. "Voilà..." he murmured, working his hands through Cas's hair, tugging at little bits to make them stick up. "Well?" he asked expectantly.
They continued building, still wordlessly, but working together now as they put the finishing touches on their castle.
Try as he might, Dean couldn't help but smile as he watched. He loved seeing this look on Cas's face; it was the same one he'd had the night Dean took him sled-riding, the one that made him look so wide-eyed and childlike. They approached the plaza overlooking the sunken ice skating rink, and Dean finally spoke again.
Dean nodded sympathetically. "Yeah. It always seems easier to learn new things when you're a kid. You take falls easier too," he smiled. He took a tentative sip from his steaming cup.
They had reached the halfway point before Dean finally spoke again. "You're doing great!  Can you do it with your arms down?"
younger when he was deep in littlespace, and even moreso when he was asleep.  Cas sighed wistfully and gave his hair a final ruffle before speaking.
"I don't know. This whole relationship thing has been really good for you. You've come out of your shell so much. Even when you were feeling good before, you were still scared to try new things."
"Damn straight.  So... tell me about you.  All I know about you is that you work at the library, and you get panic attacks.  What do you do for fun?"
Sam stirred, then suddenly jolted as he realized he'd been asleep.  "Oh!  Sorry.  I'll uh..." A long yawn interrupted his chain of thought.
"I know you are," Gabe smiled softly. "And you're welcome.  So what happened today?  Anything bugging you?"
The rest of the morning flew by, and after lunch with Charlie, the afternoon was off to a decent start.  He loved when Meg was away.   It was so much easier to get his real work done when she wasn't here, as compared to the days she had him doing personal errands.
the days of work he'd missed lately had been because he didn't want to deal with Meg.  He knew he should look for a new job, for his sanity's sake, at least, but library jobs were not easy to come by.   Not to mention, switching jobs gave him almost as much anxiety as working under a tyrant for the rest of his life.  He sighed and kicked his blanket off, shivering as he looked out the window at the chilly winter morning.  Everything was covered in a foot of snow, and as far as the eye could see, there was nothing but a blinding whiteness.  He sighed again as he dressed in layers, hoping he could shovel himself out before the plows came by to bury him in again.
Cas knew there was no getting out of this.  Gabe would keep bugging him until he just called already, so he took a deep breath and dialed Dean's number.
Dean grinned and planted a huge kiss on his forehead. "Fantasies are a normal part of being human. There's nothing wrong with indulging in a little kink. I think everyone has something they fantasize about, but a lot of people feel embarrassed or ashamed of it.  It was more extreme for you, probably, but even people
Dean laughed.  "When I lay down, I just coaxed you down with me.  Is this okay?  I promise, no funny business.  I mean, you don't have to stay here.  You can go to your bed if you want.  I'll be out of here as soon as the plows go by in the morning."
"I'm not complaining.  It's good that he gets you out of the house."  He grabbed Cas's plate and heaped it high with white rice and stuffed peppers then handed it back.
"Well," Dean said, "I usually work at the club Friday and Saturday nights, though in the winter, we just do Saturdays. And the rest of the week, I'm preparing.  I usually spend anywhere from five to ten hours a day creating music."
Gabriel's eyes widened as he looked up at the tall, shaggy-haired man in front of him. "God, you're huge," he blurted. "I-I mean, nice to meet you," he stuttered, reaching out to shake his hand.
Dean grinned.  "I'm just going to clean you up. Promise.  You can take mine off too if it makes you feel better."
"Sure. Sounds good," Cas said, finally sitting up now that Scout had wandered away. He picked up his cup of tea and took a sip, happily finding it had been prepared, as usual, just the way he liked it. He settled back against the cushions with a cupcake, and took a too-big bite.
"Lots of reasons. I'm glad that pill was relatively safe. I'm glad you didn't have a drug sensitivity. I'm glad it didn't seem to interact with your other meds... I'm surprised you felt it at all on antidepressants, actually. Maybe you haven't been taking them long enough or something."
"Oh," Dean whispered. He took a deep breath and sighed.  "I know, Cas. It sucks. I wish I could help everyone."
The smell of Gabriel's famous stuffed peppers hung heavy in the air and he had to admit, albeit grudgingly, that he was starving. He padded barefoot to the kitchen, following his nose to the smell of food.
The doctor tapped the end of her pen on her notepad, squinting in concentration.  "Do you think...?  Hmm.  When you first started coming to me, we talked a lot about your parents and your strict religious upbringing.  Was sex ever a topic of conversation in your home?  Even as a pre-teen, teenager, when you were hitting puberty...?"
Cas huffed and scrunched his face in confusion, but he pulled his socks off and slipped back into his shoes.
"Hey, Bumblebee," Cas said softly.  "Good job dressing yourself!  I'm so proud of you.  Dinner will be about a half hour.  Do you want to color for a bit?"
Cas giggled hysterically, both at the thought of Dean licking him, and at Dean fumbling over his own words.  It was refreshing to see
"Good. Just keep working on it. Be open and honest with your partner, and it will come in time. I have a workbook for you to take home today. Just for your own benefit, try to work through it occasionally, okay? No pop quiz or anything," she grinned. "One last thing. Have you thought about a timeline as to going back to work? How are you feeling about dealing with the public again?"
"Mmm. I suppose I'll manage." Cas closed his eyes for a second, deeply inhaling Dean's scent. For a brief moment everything felt so wonderfully surreal, he had to open his eyes again to assure himself this was actually happening. It was funny to think of how different he felt just a few months ago.
too. I mean, I love a good spanking. But I like using a hand or flogger, maybe a riding crop. Canes and heavy paddles are too much for me. I don't like using them on people either.  I just... I like to keep the painplay confined to the bedroom. I don't like being bruised and sore for days, you know?  I mean, that's just my own personal preference."
"Hey," Dean said nonchalantly.  "Your brother saw me knocking, so he let me in.  Hope that's okay..." He grinned and gently set the cat down, then held out his arms for a hug.
has their own quirks and baggage that you have to deal with.  Just because your situation is different doesn't mean it's not manageable."
"Anytime."  Dean took Cas's hand and pulled him a few steps back as he dug out his phone again. "Sorry," he whispered.
Cas closed the book he'd been researching and gave him the same long-suffering eye roll he often did whenever Dean acted like he was naive.
"Hey, Sammy," he said softly.   "Good job taking your shower.  Are you hungry?  It's almost bedtime, but we can have a snack and play first if you'd like."
Dean tittered nervously. "Yeah.  At least they're good for something, I guess.  This is delicious, by the way.  The sauce is amazing," he said, twirling some spaghetti around his fork.
Sammy was watching this scene unfold in concern as his brother grew increasingly more agitated.   It was obvious that Dee was ready for bed, but he was just being stubborn.  "Dee?" he asked.  "Maybe he can read us a story, and then we can play again tomorrow?"  He glanced up at Cas hopefully as he tried desperately to placate his brother.
When the plow went by almost three hours later, Cas's heart sank.  While he had still been anxious, he'd managed to entertain pretty well.  Conversation was flowing, albeit awkwardly at times, and the longer they were together, the more comfortable Cas felt.  Then again, he figured, having their bodies pressed together for the last eight or so hours probably helped.
He rubbed gently at Dean's scalp, working soothing little circles with his fingertips.  When he was younger, Gabriel would rub his scalp like this and sing to him when he had an attack, so before he could talk himself out of it, he picked the first song that popped into his head and began singing in a trembling voice,
"Yeah, why?  It's too late to check in there. I'm sure they're full already anyway. I'll be fine, really. It's not
"And someday I'll make you believe it," Cas sighed.   "Okay." He tugged at the leash and Dean snapped to attention. "Now."
Cas smiled. "It has. I guess it pays to be social once in a while, huh? And to hang out with people who are pretty much the complete opposite of you... I'm staying home this weekend though. I can't imagine partying every week. It's exhausting."
"Good.  Here," he said, as he slipped a warm, woolen sock onto his foot, then repeated the procedure with the other one.  "Better?" he asked finally, sitting down next to him.
Cas nodded, relieved. Already he was feeling hazy and intoxicated with lust and they hadn't even done anything yet.
"Merry Christmas Eve, sweetheart," Dean said as he gently pulled away. "Man, it smells good in here. Apple pie?"
"Ugh," Cas groaned. "Don't remind me. I don't know what I was thinking. They're horrible.  I should have returned them while I still had time."
Taking of his flour-covered apron and draping it over a chair, Cas smiled to himself as he hurried to answer the door.
"Of course."  Cas picked up Dean's plate with one hand and caressed his cheek with the other before giving him another quick kiss.  "Call me when you're on your way home."
Quietly, he opened the front door, and then the door to Cas's apartment, locking them behind him.  He didn't want to startle Cas, so he called gently as he walked down the hallway.
"It's... It's a good cry. I just love you so much," he sighed. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I'm crying."
Cas watched in amusement as Dean nervously fiddled with his tie for the tenth time this afternoon. They were at Dean's house today since he'd coaxed a depressed Cas out of the house at 3 a.m., insisting that getting out of bed and moving around a bit might help. So after a trip to an all-night diner for tea and coffee, they'd gone back to Dean's place, where, finally, Cas slept like a baby.
burned the bacon! I was making pancakes. Which came out perfectly fine, by the way!” The last part she said to Sam and Dean with a proud smile.
What Dean said instead was, “Dude, you’re gonna be married! That’s so awesome, Sam. I mean, Eileen’s way outta your league of course and if she’s smart she’ll run an not look back but hot damn, Sammy! Marriage! That’s big, man!”
Looking around the bar room, the hunter could see many familiar faces. Some he’d come to associate with the Roadhouse, some were more surprising. How Missouri and Rufus ended up playing pool together, he could understand. Except for the fact that,
He nodded in response, his green eyes lowering themselves to Castiel’s tie. “I know you didn’t do it on purpose. I know you wouldn’t do that, Cas.” Dean huffed a quiet laugh. “Sammy says it’s all the trauma finally catching up to me. That’s why I’m such a mess.”
Dean’s face, wet from tears he couldn’t remember shedding, changed. Where once grief sat heavily in the lines of his skin, determination now resided.
The pool table, the chipped bar counter, the scuffed up leather on the bar stools, the tables with offensive phrases and dicks scribbled all over the wood, the stale smell of beer in the air. None of it in particular meant home to Dean as much as the essence of the place did.
Cas shrugged nonchalantly. "I probably wouldn't have tried if he hadn't booked it already. I mean, he said we didn't have to. It was nice just going inside to warm up and watch the skaters for a bit."
"I swear to God, Cas, don't you dare," Gabriel interrupted, slamming a plate of waffles down in front of him.  "You'll be fine.  You're going to go have dinner with this... this
"We do turkey on Christmas.  I'd prefer ham, since I feel like we just had Thanksgiving, but Cassie hates ham," Gabriel shrugged as he placed the perfectly golden turkey on the table.
He drifted there, twilighting between sleep and wakefulness for a while until a soft moan startled him.  Yawning, he forced his eyes open to steal a glance at Cas.  He looked so peaceful there, gently snoring with his hand clenched in Dean's t-shirt.
"What the hell?" he blurted, thinking for a moment that perhaps Gabriel had left this by accident.  An enema bulb?  That was an embarrassing thing to accidentally leave. What the hell would you even
!  I feel so stupid and useless, and I hate having to ask you about every little thing, and..." A loud sob suddenly escaped his throat and the tears started spilling over.  "I hate this."
She nodded in agreement. "I think the depression seems better. The anxiety could use a little tweaking, but we need to get the panic disorder under control. Let's try the med change if you're still agreeable, and give it a bit more time. Come back in three weeks and we'll discuss again then?"
Dean grunted and wiggled against him, chasing his own pleasure as his hips stuttered. He followed Cas down, quietly managing with a few more grunts and some heavy panting. Cas's head collapsed against his shoulder and Dean chuckled, threading his fingers through the back of his sweaty hair.
Dean had always been a sucker for neck kisses, and he tried hard to stifle a moan as Cas hit that sweet spot that made him shivery.
The pile of coloring books was snatched up, and Cas replaced them with a translucent white ice cream pail as he looked at Sam expectantly.   "Go on," he said.
"It's weird," Cas pondered. "I always thought it would make me feel slow and out of it, but I think I actually feel sharper."
"That's my boy. I think you've had a big enough adventure today, though, so I'm just going to spoon you until you drift off.
"Just walk back and forth here a bit first," Dean said, taking his arm. They took a few dozen pacing baby steps across the mat until Cas got the hang of walking.  "We're gonna do the same thing on the ice now, okay?  We're just going to practice walking first.  We'll stick to the sides so you can hold onto the railing if you need to, but try to do it without." Dean knelt and removed their guards.
Dean let out a lazy little laugh and squeezed him tighter.  "Toppy?  Where did you even learn that word?  God, I used to think you were so naive."
Cas wedged his hand between them and shoved it down Dean's shorts, simultaneously coaxing him onto his back. It didn't take much to finish him off with his hand, and as Dean's body shuddered, Cas's thoughts wandered to how much he adored this incredible man who had given him so much over the last few months.
Where he really shined was in a nightclub setting.   There he could hone his craft, mixing and creating whatever he felt, and getting instant feedback from an enthusiastic crowd.  So many times he used their energy to shape his music, morphing it as he went along until it was an audible expression of whatever he was feeling at the time.
Digging in his pocket for his phone, Dean checked the time and decided to give Cas a quick call before he headed back to the club.
, I've been cooking all day and it smells fucking amazing in here!  Turkey, corn, candied pecan sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes and gravy, lemon-pepper green beans, homemade cranberry relish... I don't want to brag, but I really outdid myself this year."
Cas followed Gabriel to the kitchen and grabbed some glasses out of the cupboard as Gabriel fetched Dean's beer from the refrigerator.
"Yeah.  Uh.  Yes, of course," Cas mumbled, rubbing tiredly at his eyes.  "But um.  How did I get... Uh.  Like this?" He motioned to himself, pressed tightly to Dean's body with an arm wrapped around his shoulder.
Cas snuggled in closer to Dean and let his eyes drift blissfully closed for a moment, not asleep, but listening carefully to everything that was going on around him. The fact that they were all able to carry on occasional banter made him so happy he could burst. He'd been worried that Sam might feel awkward, or that Gabe might be upset that it wasn't just the two of them, but so far things had gone fairly well.  He and Gabe had teased the living shit out of each other of course, but it just wouldn't feel right if they didn't.
Cas just giggled and kissed back, enjoying the impromptu makeout session as they rolled around on the bed rutting against each other.
It didn't help that was was so self-conscious.   He'd felt out-of-shape since this whole depression bout had hit, but even when he was feeling fit, he'd always been shy about being naked, or even just shirtless. Worst of all, at twenty-five, he was
As he lay there, feeling content and drowsy, a sudden, loud squeaking noise made him jump. He glanced over his shoulder at Cas to see him waving a stuffed leather bone-shaped toy.
"I um... I'm sure Dean told you I'm a bit of an anxious person," he laughed nervously. "But I'm excited to see Dean in action."
"Except this will be a reward for the both of us," he purred in his sultriest voice. From behind his back, Dean produced the Tupperware container, and a wet hand towel, setting them on the nightstand next to the bed.
"I know. But see, your Ativan kicks in and leaves your system in a relatively short time. You still get them often enough that I think it would make more sense to take something daily that prevents attacks from happening, rather than treating one after it happens. Does that make sense?"
"So..." he said, taking a seat next to Cas.  "If you've never been to New York, That means you've never had a New York slice, have you?"  He opened the box and took out a giant slice for each of them.
Dean couldn't hold back any longer. He bucked his hips upward, throwing Cas off balance and wrapping his arms around his waist as he sucked teasing little marks onto his neck.
"Hey," he said softly as he jostled Dean's leg. "Wake up, baby."  He chose his words carefully, not quite sure if he was dealing with Dean or 'Dee'.
"Alright, cat," Cas said as he opened the door to his apartment.  He walked to the kitchen to refrigerate his leftovers like usual, and nearly tripped as Scout began winding herself around his legs.
Dean inched in closer to him and wrapped his arm around Cas's waist, giving him a little peck on the forehead. "Well, I'm glad you
"Oh," Cas said. "If that makes you more comfortable..." He closed his eyes as if he were focusing hard, and his clothing disappeared, reappearing folded neatly on top of Dean's dresser.
Cas took a long, shaky, deep breath.   "I'm tired, Dean," he said weakly.  "Of everything. I can't do anything right,  I'm constantly making bad decisions,"  he paused to sniffle again.  "I mess up everything I touch.  How is it even possible to live thousands of years making nothing but bad decisions? "
"Yeah.  Just angry," he sighed, taking a deep breath to calm himself.  Winter driving was another anxiety trigger, and goddamn it, she'd made him drive in this crap for absolutely nothing.
Dean paused what he was doing and stared in awe as Cas's body buckled and trembled violently.  "Okay," he whispered, finally realizing what was happening.  "Shhhh, it's okay."
"Let's try something else, " Cas said, gently tugging on his sleeve.  "On the floor," he instructed,  taking the coloring book from his hands.  Sam sat cross-legged in front of the coffee table, as Cas had motioned.
"That's when I started getting the panic attacks, or shortly thereafter. I used to have these dreams all the time... About finding them. I wake up in a cold sweat, in full-blown panic mode... Well, you saw, I guess. I haven't had one in probably two years.   I'm sorry you had to see all of that. And hear all of this... I'm kind of a mess, huh?" he laughed nervously.
Cas grabbed the washcloth, eager and ready to please, and Dean turned around, pressing his forehead to the wall as he motioned for Cas to work on his back.
"Okay," Cas nodded and kissed his forehead.   "Now... I was thinking I should call you something else while we're playing. " He tilted Dean's chin upward and stared into his eyes, squinting as if he were reading his very soul.  "Your dad used to call you his Little Soldier when you were very young."
"Me too... I don't know why I get so worked up over little things.  Dunno why you put up with me either," he yawned.
.  Dean had been wanting to hear those words from Cas for years, but this was just confusing.   He was into it, of course, but he knew this was probably a bad idea. Still, Cas was pleading with him in that wrecked, ragged voice, and Dean would do absolutely anything to never have to hear that voice again.
"Oh," Cas gasped in surprise, and he shifted in his seat, sitting up a little straighter. "I... uh."  It was still cold outside, and snowflakes were softly clinging to his eyelashes, but he could feel his face burning hot as Dean's gaze met his.
"So go to the bathroom and do something about it."  Dean sat up and clicked the lamp on, rubbing tiredly at his eyes. .
shitty.  Might take us a while to get home.  Doesn't look like a plow has been by all night.  Might wanna text your brother so he doesn't freak," he laughed.
"Hello, Dean.  What's wrong?" Immediately,  the angel was at his side, hand on his stomach, glaring at the reddened, crudely-stitched flesh.
Another cheer went up and Dean paused before continuing. "Nate is a long-time friend and he's really been a mentor to me. If you haven't had the pleasure of hearing one of his sets, you're in for a treat. He'll be on at eleven, but for now, let's get this thing started, huh?"
As much as he'd enjoyed being with Dean all week, Cas had to admit it felt good to be home. Any residual stress and anxiety he'd been feeling melted away as soon as he walked in the door. He'd been in sensory overload for so long, that the comfort and the familiarity of his 'safe place' did much to calm his frazzled nerves.
Dean grinned.  "I knew you would, because you have excellent taste.  I have a promo copy of his new CD.  In there," he motioned.
Dean sat down next to him and held his hand as a sympathetic Gabriel brought a veggie tray from the refrigerator.  "Here. Eat your feelings," he said, tussling Cas's hair. "If you drown them in ranch, you almost forget they're vegetables. So Dean," he said, deftly changing the subject.  "I guess the club is closed this weekend?"
.  Well this was new.  It wasn't like he'd never been horny before but it was nice to have an actual
"You're allowed to play," Cas said gently, tearing him away from his thoughts.  "There's no shame or judgment here, Little One.  Stop thinking so much, and just do what you feel."
Cas huffed again and nodded, his breath shaky and somewhat labored. He looked a bit green, and Dean could see he was already getting frustrated, so he figured they'd better start making their way to the exit.  He watched Cas take a deep breath and close his eyes before trying again. This time, he managed to glide a few feet and get his feet back in position before Dean grabbed his arm.
Usually he stuck around for another hour or so, chatting to everyone who stopped him, but tonight he just wanted to get out of there.  Alas, he couldn't be rude to people who took the time to complement him, so he patiently thanked, and fist-bumped, and hugged, and bro hugged everyone that stopped to talk as he loaded up his equipment.  After placating the usual slew of girls competing for his attention, and gently turning down the one who gave him her hotel room number, he hurried back to the van and started the long drive home.
Cas sighed.  As usual, he knew there was no point in arguing with his stubborn brother.  He retreated back downstairs to his bedroom, and grabbed the jeans from a shelf in the back of his closet.  Scowling to himself, he glanced at the price tag still attached to the hip.
"Good boy!" Almost immediately, Cas's demeanor changed, and he spoke excitedly as if he were speaking to an actual dog. "Let me put your collar on."
Cas smirked and gave him a final kiss on the cheek before returning to the position between his legs.  His finger kept stroking that magical spot while he lowered his mouth down around his cock and sucked, and Dean absolutely keened with pleasure.
"I... I think so." Cas put his arms down at his side and continued on, taking tiny little penguin-waddle steps.
"Alright," Dean said softly, spreading out his lock kit on the bed beside him.  "I know.  I'll have you out of here in no time."  One by one, Dean picked up tools, practically crawling over Cas to prod at the locks. "Well," he sighed.  "Okay, so it might take a little longer than that, but I'll get you out of here."
"Cas, this is going to sound weird, but can you please get naked too? I'm feeling kind of vulnerable here," Dean admitted weakly.
"Dean, I don't think I can do this," Castiel murmured as he stared down at his half-empty beer bottle. His nose wrinkled at the white haze of cigarette smoke that hung thick and heavy in the air. "Maybe you should wait for Sam."
Dean watched in amazement as the years seemingly fell off of Cas, any traces of anxiety now gone.  He was bouncing with anticipation, and for a moment, all Dean could think about was throwing him down and kissing that adorably excited look right off his face.
"Thank you." Cas took the cup and picked up an ice-skate-shaped sugar cookie.  "This is nice,"he murmured.
Sam shrugged and sat down on the couch with a 'farmyard animals' coloring book and a box of crayons,  curling his long legs under him.  He waited for Cas to leave the room before sighing heavily.  Okay, this
Dean's bedroom was dark, save for a lavender-scented candle burning on his nightstand.  He didn't even know where the damn thing had come from, alas, his partner for this evening had insisted on it. Though he had willingly agreed to this little arrangement, Dean was beginning to question his judgement as well as his sanity.
"No worries.  Feel better." Hannah went off to gather her things and Cas set to work emptying the book drop.
"Oh my god..." Cas groaned weakly, turning toward Dean in horror. "Oh god." He rubbed at his face as his eyes began stinging with tears of embarrassment.
"I got it. You're my guests!" Gabriel insisted. "Why don't you guys go watch TV or something while I clean up?  We'll have dessert in a few."
"Then wha..." Cas trailed off as green eyes locked on his, and Dean seductively slid his tie from around his neck. That confident, predatory look caused his already-hard cock to twitch excitedly.
Dean chuckled again, pressing a hand to his face in mild embarrassment.  "Yeah.  Now shut up and kiss me, Cas."
!" Cas giggled. "Jesus, do you really think I'd tell the world about your sex life?  Who has the guilty conscience now?"
believe any of that, of course.  But I guess there's still some weird guilt there.  Gabe told me they were anti-birth control too, and the only reason they didn't have a dozen kids is because mom had some medical issues."  He paused, suddenly embarrassed that he was spilling all of this information.  "I guess, in a way, it's good they never knew I was into guys because I would have been disowned for sure.  You know, being gay was a sin too..."
"You wanna go watch some Netflix?" he asked tentatively as he entered the living room with a simple cheese tray and a few sodas.
Dean smirked.  "Well like I said the first night I put the collar on you, you will be my obedient little pet.  If my memory serves me correctly, you
"Dirty?  Well, I tripped over a stick earlier and got mud on my pants.  Why would you want to know about that?" he asked in confusion. "Really, Dean, you ask for some strange favors sometimes."
Cas nearly doubled over in shock as Dean firmly licked a stripe up the inside of his thigh, taking a lick through the sticky mess near his groin. "Dean!" he yelped, immediately feeling goosebumps rush across his arms.
"Get on the bed, Cas," he said in a husky voice, walking him backwards until his thighs hit the edge of the mattress.
Dean shot him a mischievous grin, green eyes sparkling with the flicker of the fireplace.  "You'll see."
Dean's eyes opened to see Cas's dark blue ones staring intently at him, as if they were boring right through to his soul.   For all Dean knew, they
Cas nodded uncertainty.  "Yes and no.  I think I'm relaxed mostly because I'm warm and sleepy. I'll be anxious again when I'm more awake."
"Oh," Dean said, looking rather embarrassed.  "Well, I've always been a social butterfly, I guess.  Most of the people there are regulars, so a lot of them have become friends.  They'll stop me for requests and just to talk I guess..."
Dean snorted in laughter. "You can, but he probably won't be home until morning. I'm sure he's getting lucky by now," he grimaced, pouring himself another shot. He grabbed a second shot glass off his desk and poured one for Cas.
"Of course," Dean murmured, kissing his shoulder blade. "I've got you, baby." Gently, he maneuvered them both up to their hands and knees again, then pulled almost completely out before thrusting back into him.
"Ohhh fuck," Dean moaned as Cas continued kissing and sucking a trail down his neck. "C-Cas... Ohhh. Are you sure? I don't think you're ready yet..."
Cas nodded and took something out of his pocket.  "Well, the offer stands." He set a tiny Matchbox car on the table and rolled it across to Sam.  "Better hurry or you'll miss G.I. Joe," he winked.   "I swear he has the Retro Cartoon channel's schedule memorized." He stood and turned toward the door, motioning for him to follow.
"I thought people only said things like 'say my name' in porno movies," Cas blurted, breaking the quiet moment of contentment.
Despite the fact that Dean was covered in vampire blood, Cas stepped forward and drew him in for a crushing kiss while Sam pretended not to notice.
Cas shrugged sheepishly, his face reddening. "I wanted to do this with you. I'm sorry it wasn't as fun as you'd hoped."
Cas's eyes grew wide  and his jaw dropped, almost making him lose his gum."You've taken this before?"
Cas balanced his tray and headed to his bedroom, then motioned for Dean to have a seat on the bed. He woke his computer and navigated to Netflix as Dean helped himself to the snacks.
"Cool." Gabriel turned his attention to the TV and picked up the remote, flipping through channels until he finally settled on Jeopardy!
"Star..." Cas paused and chuckled a bit as he thought about how to answer.  "This is a loaded question."
"Of course. Kick your shoes off," Dean said softly. He stepped forward and slowly unbuttoned Cas's shirt, letting it slide down his shoulders and fall to the floor. The stiff, slim-fitting jeans were next, then he bent to remove Cas's socks before coaxing him onto the bed. He stripped down to his boxers as well, flipped the stereo on for some noise, and lay down next to him.
"You know, Dee," Cas started tentatively, "If you feel comfortable like this, you can be little today.  Sammy is okay with it."
Cas whimpered as Dean began untying his tie, and he weakly raised a hand, using his powers to turn the lock.  Despite his nervous trembling, Cas stayed perfectly still as Dean continued undressing him.  As the last of his clothing hit the floor, he opened his mouth to speak, but he was immediately shushed.
Cas nearly snorted out loud.  "I'll see what I can do."  They both sat silently for a moment as they unwrapped their tacos, passing sauces back and forth between the two of them.
Just then, the familiar clunk of the furnace kicked on, causing Cas to yelp and grip wildly for Dean's arm.
Cas let out the breath he'd been holding and he ruffled Dean's hair.   "Good.  Finish up now.  Sammy's almost done eating."
"Good boy," Dean breathed. "Now," he said, stepping forward and fastening the collar around his neck, chuckling a little as Cas gasped in surprise. "When the collar is on, you obey me," he said, reaching into the drawer and producing a leash, which he quickly clipped to Cas's collar.  "You are my sweet, obedient little pet, and I am your master. Understand?" he asked, tugging the leash taut. "Be good for me, and I reward you.  Disobey, and be punished."
Dean nodded and squeezed it to his chest. "It's so soft," he mused.  "Comfy.  Never had one before."
"Cassie? What's wrong?" he asked, panic making his heart pound. He entered the room, to see Cas looking frantic and frustrated.
I can't do any of this without you."  Words were frantically spilling out of his mouth, and even though he was embarrassed by how needy he sounded, he didn't care.  If Cas had even a single doubt about himself, he was going to do his best to kiss it away.
"Hey, we're moving," Dean said suddenly, grabbing Cas's hand and entwining their fingers before pulling him gently forward.  The line began to move steadily, and as they neared the front, Dean slipped a hand inside his jacket pocket, removing two tickets.  He handed them to the woman at the door, who tore the ends off, then stamped each of their hands with a blue logo before letting them through.
"Good. Keep it going."  Dean continued to brush the hair away from his face in a soothing manner, and Cas just let him, relaxing into it until Dean's fingers were gently rubbing at his scalp.  He realized that this should feel a lot weirder than it did, but the sound of Dean's breathing and the gentle scalp massage was nearly lulling him to sleep.
to make decisions anymore.  I'm tired.  I just can't. .."  He huddled in the corner and slumped back down onto the floor as a new wave of sobbing overcame him.
"No!  Fuck, Cas!  I can't go acting like a fucking kid every time I have a rough day.  Hell, this whole 'little' thing is half the reason I'm doubting myself right now!" Dean blurted, his face immediately reddening at the outburst.  It wasn't like him to admit to weakness, and goddammit, he didn't even mean to say anything.
Cas was overwhelmed with sensation and emotion, feeling both vulnerable and strangely protected at the same time.  Just the feeling of Dean on top of him was enough to make him swoon, but the kisses to his neck and the...
Reluctantly, Cas crawled up off the couch and began getting ready. When he'd agreed to go to the doctor last night, he didn't expect to do it right away.  Still, it was probably for the best, since it gave him less time to stress out.  He tiredly dressed and brushed his teeth and hair, then managed to make the dreaded phone call to work again before Gabe whisked him off to the car.
bastard makes the best pie crust though," Gabriel said, pointing to Cas. "Seriously.  My pies are good, but his put mine to shame.  He won't tell me his secret either."
"Pssh. Well you've got a good eight inches on me," Gabriel muttered, immediately regretting his choice of words as Dean chortled.  "Shut up," he grinned, watching in amusement as Sam's face turned red.
"Do you like it?" Cas asked nervously. He'd bought Dean toy cars and trains before, but he wasn't sure how he'd react to something cute and fluffy.
"Yeah, that's true," Dean nodded.  "Well, I'll have to take you sightseeing another day.  For now, we're here."
Sam grabbed his arm and led him right through the middle of the dance floor. As they wound their way through the crowd, bumping elbows and bodies with a few party-goers, Cas couldn't stop laughing.
Cas's eyes rolled back in his head and his body was already trembling with excitement.  He'd thought about Dean touching him so many times, but it was so much better than he'd imagined.  Since Jimmy had passed on, he'd come to think of his vessel as his own
up there, you know. Watching you do your thing made me feel all proud and even more possessive..." he grimaced.  "It's easy to see why people are drawn to you. You're gorgeous, you're charismatic...  You can just
"Oh!" he gasped as he clutched the pillow to his chest. Dean's hands dug into the muscles of his ass, spreading him open as he licked around his entrance.
"Gabe!" Cas called as he flung open the door to Gabriel's apartment.  "We're here!" He strolled to the kitchen with Dean in tow, both of them with their hands full of pies.
Dean glanced over his shoulder at the curved rubber tail that wiggled every time he clenched or moved. He tentatively gave his ass a little shake, and he couldn't help but grin as the tail wagged back and forth.
