There was a light knock on the door, and they jumped apart a second before Jack poked his head into the room. "Uncle Michael's home, and Aunt Hannah says dinner's ready," he informed them. Still holding onto the doorknob, Jack tilted his head and wrinkled his nose. "It smells funny in here."
"Really. Clearly you're not gonna stop, so I'm damn well gonna make sure you know what you're doing."
"Well, I don't have a Sam or a Castiel!" Charlie snapped, anger flaring up in her scent. Dean realized he had never seen her actually get angry before. It was terrifying (and kind of cute although he knew better than to
"Yeah, it is," Dean said. He didn't add that life wasn't fair. It wasn't even implied. He just acknowledged that Castiel was right and then fell silent again, waiting to see if Castiel had more to say.
For the first time Castiel noticed the simmering anger beneath Dean's seemingly apathetic silence, the same anger he had seen when Dean said,
Speaking of wet, Castiel's ass was leaking like a tap, and there was no point letting good slick go to waste just because he wasn't the one getting fucked. Even though Dean had never explicitly said so, Castiel had noticed that the alpha really liked using Castiel's slick in place of artificial lube. He reached back and gathered some on his fingers before testing Dean's entrance.
She nodded and reluctantly let him go. He felt her eyes following him all the way across the kitchen.
"Do you … want something to drink? Water, beer … I think I have some mint tea left from the last time my brother visited."
They left Grace happily eating her breakfast and the coffee maker gurgling while it prepared theirs.
was going to pull away. "One night I got blackout drunk and woke up in bed with a stranger. Some guy I didn't even remember meeting. That had never happened before, and it … it scared the shit out of me. I mean literally
Dean blushed a little deeper and said, “Cas, this is my sister Charlie. Charlie, this is Castiel Novak.”
part of my job, but my actual title is marketing director. I work for Bullseye Bargains. I run the local branch's website and advertising."
“Yeah. Very. We still live together. At least, we do for the next three months.” As always, there was a twinge of loneliness in Dean’s chest when he thought about that, but with the warm, solid weight of Cas in his arms and the smell of their lovemaking still in the air, he barely noticed it. He had stopped worrying about finding a roommate. Living alone wouldn’t be so bad if it meant he could have Cas over whenever he wanted, and they could have loud, shameless sex in any room in the house.
“My dad was an alcoholic. He used to beat me and my little brother.” Dean blurted out the words like they might burn his mouth if he didn’t get them out fast enough. Then he continued, slower and quieter, “Sometimes he’d just up and disappear for a couple weeks, and part of me always hoped he’d never come back even though I had to shoplift to keep us from starving to death. We lived on the streets for a while too, and that was a whole other kind of hell.”
Normally the answer was no. Bobby only took checks from long time customers who he knew personally. But Dean found himself saying, “Sure. Whatever you want.”
"Sorry," Jess said, releasing Cas. She didn't actually sound sorry any more than Dean actually sounded jealous. "He's just too gorgeous to resist."
Cas was very quiet on the drive home, and Dean didn't try to make him talk. He did hold the omega's hand though, and Cas squeezed back in gratitude even as he stared blankly out the window at the passing buildings.
The tip of the blade pressed more purposefully at Castiel's throat, and he knew that if he didn't move now, he never would again. Then, without warning, there was another flare of white light, and the girl who wasn't April anymore toppled over. Dead.
Naomi gave him a glare that would have incinerated a lesser man, but she didn't want to cause any more of a scene than they already had, so she followed him back to the kitchen before starting in on him. "How many times, Castiel? You cannot throw a tantrum every time someone doesn't like your food. He's the customer, so if he says the foie gras isn't done, it's not done. End of story."
As though she'd read his mind, Jess said, "You're part of this family too now you know. Anybody ever messes with you, we got your back."
One weekend Castiel went with Dean to the orphanage and put on a magic show for the children. (He made sure not to do anything that couldn't be passed off as simple sleight of hand.) While he was making a sad eyed little boy laugh by pulling a tiny frog from his hair, he overheard a teenage girl whisper to Dean, "He's cute. Is he your boyfriend?"
Castiel blinked. Cute? Had he heard that right? Did straight men often call their male friends cute? He didn't know. He didn't have much experience with friends of any orientation.
"So Rhonda and me became an item," Dean went on, "and fortunately for me she was the kind of girl who liked to be in control. All I really had to do was lie there and think about Harrison Ford or Gunner Lawless, and biology took care of the rest. I'm not proud of it, but she was using me too. Neither of us had any illusions that it was more than sex."
“You don’t have to.” Dean kissed him, soft and reassuring, tasting the salt from Cas’s tears. “I’ll be right there with you the whole time,” he murmured. “You’re not gonna be alone, baby.”
Dean let go of Castiel's hand to swipe at his eyes, almost knocking his glasses off. Castiel graciously pretended not to notice, but he also kept his hand on Dean's knee. "Anyway," Dean said, pushing his glasses back up his nose, "if I'd gone to college right after high school like a normal kid, I'd never have met you."
Dean was happy to oblige, and together they chased away the gloomy mood that had crept into the room.
“It’s okay,” Cas reassured him. “I believe you. Can we pick this up another time? Because I was really enjoying your company.”
Dean retrieved it, then came back to kneel between Castiel's legs. It was not lost on Castiel that their positions had completely reversed. "Do you have a preference?"
He knew this was probably the time to ask Cas about lube and condoms and preferences regarding top or bottom, but that would take way more brain cells than he currently had available, and Cas seemed to agree. Once the other man had kicked free of his underwear, he rolled onto his back and pulled Dean on top of him, their cocks tucked snugly in between. That was all the communication required, and for the next few minutes the only sounds in the room were grunts and moans, the silky slide of skin on skin, and the occasional "fuck, yes" or "don't stop".
"I hope I didn't overstep," Dean said quietly, keeping one eye on Claire and the pancakes while he poured Castiel a cup of coffee. "She wandered in while I was mixing up the batter, and I figured I'd keep her entertained so you could sleep a little longer."
Dean shook his head and a few drops of sweat fell on Castiel's lips. He licked them away, and Dean's glazed eyes followed the tip of his tongue. Even consumed with his own pleasure, Dean was still focused on him, completely there with him.
"Leave and see if he follows." Dean didn't seem completely unaffected by their little charade either. His pupils were more dilated than the brightly lit store warranted, and his scent was getting stronger, earthier.
smug as Robyn directed a now slightly disappointed smile at him. He gave the menu one last glance, mentally said
There was a beat of silence, and Cas sounded a little embarrassed when he replied. "That was idle curiosity, Dean, not true desire. I was trying to better understand human emotions, and Meg seemed the least likely to object to my using her for such a purpose. It was … not my proudest moment. Nor was it a particularly successful experiment. I found that I could go through the motions, but I felt nothing. Not lust, and certainly not love. The only person I have ever felt that with is you."
Cas gently disentangled himself from Dean and began to undress, folding his clothes neatly before returning them to his suitcase even though they would just get dumped in the laundry as soon as he got home. Dean averted his eyes from the sight of Cas' toned back muscles and the dark feathers inked on his biceps moving hypnotically as he stripped off his undershirt. If he got any more worked up, sharing a bed with Cas tonight really
Dean gave him a look that would have been pitying if there wasn't so much love and understanding in it. "We can try," he said, "but Cas —"
Once the kitchen was clean, Dean looked like he wasn't sure whether he was supposed to leave or not, so Castiel solved the dilemma by pointedly taking three mugs out of the cabinet and going about making hot cocoa and caramel popcorn, delegating certain tasks to Dean the same way he did in the restaurant kitchen but with a softer, less brusque tone that he hoped would convey that they were just being friends right now, not chef and sous chef. Judging by Dean's shyly happy smile, the message was received.
Before they could get so lost in each other that they let their dinner get cold, Castiel looked pointedly at Dean's feet in his spot on the couch. Dean looked like he was tempted to be a brat about it on principle, but Castiel raised a warning eyebrow, and the alpha quickly made room for him.
Dean shifted uncomfortably, his cheeks warming at her blunt assessment. He guessed when you worked in a place like this, you learned to talk about sex toys and prostitutes without blushing. "I, um …" He cleared his throat. "Him and me, we're not … We're just friends."
"What is going on here?" Castiel's voice cut through the noise like a sharp knife through tender meat. Everyone turned to look at him. The music played on, seeming louder in the sudden silence. At least his staff had the grace to look guilty. The stranger did not.
WARNING: In this chapter a character expresses extremely homophobic views. Obviously these statements do not reflect my own opinions in any way, and I wouldn't have included them in the story unless they were essential to the plot.
A live tree was out of the question. Most apartment buildings in New York banned them because of the risk of bugs and vermin, but Claire helped him pick out a decent size fake that actually smelled like pine, and some lights and other decorations. In fact she practically skipped around the store, running back to him now and then and holding out an ornament with a pleading look. It was the first thing she'd gotten excited about that wasn't connected to the restaurant, and because of that he probably spent more than he should, but he couldn't bring himself to feel guilty. Christmas was made for spoiling kids, and it was so good to see her smile.
Cas turned in Dean’s arms, his stomach knotting with anxiety. Much as he wanted to soak up every second of Dean’s presence with no thought for what the future might hold, he couldn’t let himself get in any deeper unless he was sure. “Dean, if this is … if this is going to be … If you’re going to break up with me, please just get it over with.”
"Bullshit," Sam snapped, slamming the spatula down on the edge of the pan hard enough to make Dean jump. "When are you gonna get it through your head, Dean? This is not a one way street. Just cause I'm the little brother" — Dean snorted at the irony, but Sam ignored him — "that doesn't mean I don't get to look out for you just like you look out for me. And as for worrying me, I'm gonna worry
"No, of course not," Cas said, tucking himself more comfortably into the curve of Dean's arm and laying his head on Dean's shoulder. "If he's going to live with us, he needs to respect your authority."
He glared after her and deliberately took his time buttoning up his chef's coat and tying his apron, making sure every fold lay perfectly. This was the first time Dean had ever been even a little bit late, but heaven forbid anyone should have a life outside of work. Naomi certainly didn't seem to. In eight years Castiel had never heard her talk about a family or friends. Some of the staff speculated that she slept in a coffin, but he rather thought that was too poetic for her. She probably just plugged herself into a charging port every night.
"You never told me how you got this car," Castiel said once they were driving. "It can't have been easy to find a model this old in such good condition."
It sounded like a statement, but just in case it was really a question, Dean said with feeling, "That was
She wasted no time clambering onto the bed and making herself comfortable. When he went to turn off the light, she made a soft, inarticulate noise of protest.
Dean was just on the other side of the hall. Castiel could go to him right now, wake him with a soft kiss, whisper to him in the dark.
Many thanks to my beloved editor, Eyum, for all her hard work. You guys should know that she works just as hard on my stories as I do. And shout out to
Honestly, Castiel thought, the worst part was how horribly familiar it was. If his life had taken a slightly different turn, if Cain hadn't showed him how all that anger and helplessness could be channeled into food, he would probably have landed himself in prison sooner or later. And he wouldn't have had a brother like Dean.
Dean's pants were getting painfully tight. "Yes, please, Omega," he said, his voice squeaking a little.
Jess is murdered in a robbery gone wrong. The murderer, a friend of Sam's, commits suicide before he can be brought to justice. Sam starts doing drugs and working for a dealer (Ruby). He drives while high and gets into an accident. Ruby is in the car with him. She is killed, and Sam is charged with second degree murder.
Then things started to move very fast. Castiel had never experienced a battle from a human perspective before. As an angel he was able to process things much faster so that seconds seemed to stretch into leisurely minutes. Now he barely had time to register that the scruffy man was barreling towards him before the man's weight was bearing them both to the ground.
"It seems that you could today," Cas said, turning his head a little and scenting Dean's wrist, soothing his inner omega's lingering unease with undeniable evidence of his alpha's devotion.
Warning: In this chapter a character expresses extremely homophobic views. Obviously these statements do not reflect my own opinions in any way, and I wouldn't have included them in the story unless they were essential to the plot.
Sam took a deep, calming breath through his mouth and said, "You're right. I'm sorry." He even tipped his head back a little, baring his throat to Dean.
Even though Castiel had been ninety-nine percent sure that would be Dean's answer, he still felt a surge of relief and gratitude as he was reminded yet again of why he loved this man so much.
“Taking separate vacations for a while. Yeah. Nobody’s actually said the D word yet, but it’s coming.” Gabriel’s tone was deceptively casual. A stranger might have thought he really didn’t give a damn that his marriage was falling apart, but Cas knew his brother well enough to see the pain in his eyes.
Castiel stroked his bare back and murmured soothing words into his hair. "Shhh. It's okay. We're okay. I'm not upset with you. You didn't do anything wrong. Hopefully the weather will have cleared up tomorrow morning, and we can go home where we can put these beautiful ropes to good use." Remembering the surprise hidden in his dresser at home, he added mischievously, "They'll match the new panties I bought for you perfectly."
"My name is Castiel," Castiel said coldly. "Only my family is allowed to call me Cas, and you are definitely not that. Now tell me what you've done with my mate. If you've hurt him in any way …"
Naomi raised an eyebrow when she saw the pies lined up in the middle of the long table that had been set for the staff meeting. "Dessert for lunch, Castiel?"
Castiel smiled and let Dean undress him. He didn't look away when Dean discovered the tiny, perfectly round scars of cigarette burns on his chest and stomach, the layered scars on his thighs made by his own hand in his dark teenage years. He had long ago come to terms with these things. They weren't pretty, but they didn't make him ugly either. They were only a small part of him, and they didn't define how he saw himself. He wouldn't let them. Besides, he already knew Dean wouldn't care.
Charlie was in love at first sight. Kevin wandered in at some point, drawn by the scent of an unfamiliar omega, and once introductions had been made (
"Dean isn't like that." Castiel stood up and put some distance between himself and her insidious words. He understood now why he'd been called in here alone. She was going to try to turn him against Dean since she couldn't forbid them from seeing each other. "He's a good man."
Sam gave up on the remote, dove across the room, and stabbed the power button on the TV itself. "Sorry," he said into the horrible, heavy silence that followed. "I had no idea that was on there."
"I want to have sex with you." Castiel realized how that might sound and quickly clarified, "Not right this minute. In a few days when we've both recovered. I want … I'd like to know what it feels like to do that purely for the pleasure of it."
"Stupid rule," Castiel grumbled, letting his head fall onto Dean's shoulder. "Who made that stupid rule?"
"Dean?" Cas said, and Dean had never heard his voice sound so small and uncertain. "Is… is that true?"
Dean was quiet for a minute, and Castiel would have thought he had fallen asleep if his hand hadn't still been moving, lightly tracing the ink feathers on Castiel's right arm repeatedly. Finally he murmured, "Don't have to thank me for that either."
Dean's hand had crept under Castiel's t-shirt while they were making out, and now it rested on the small of his back, a comforting touch rather than a sexual one. He swept his thumb back and forth across the line of Castiel's spine like a metronome. "I
“Of course I do,” Cas said, infuriatingly calm even though the evidence suggested that his own need was just as urgent. “But I want to hear you say it.” He leaned down and put his mouth right up against Dean’s ear. “Tell me what you want, Dean,” he breathed. “I’ll do anything you want, but you have to say it out loud.”
"Thank you," Jess said, giving him a tearful smile. "Sorry for scaring you before. I overreacted a bit. It's just this and my parents' bullshit on top of all the normal stress of making a wedding … But Sam's right. It could be worse. We should count our blessings." She snuggled deeper into Sam's arms.
He left a trail of hot, wet kisses down Dean's neck and chest before going to work on his sensitive nipples, all the while mapping out every inch of Dean's body he could reach with his hands. They had fallen asleep naked so there was plenty of gorgeous freckled skin available for his perusal, and by now he knew quite a few of Dean's sweet spots. It wasn't long before the noises he was eliciting were distinctly awake and aroused.
"It's okay, baby," Dean said, rubbing Cas's thigh. "You can tell me." He leaned in closer and whispered in Cas's ear. "I'll do whatever you want, but you have to say it out loud."
Castiel smiled. "Yeah. Me too. I, um … I think I might invite him over here more often. Would you be comfortable with that?"
Cas had probably been going for a seductive pose, but then he had fallen asleep. His head was tucked into the crook of his arm, and he was snoring softly, a line of drool making its way down his elbow to the fresh sheets. It was the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen.
"It is tonight. I'm still way too close thanks to your un-fucking-believable mouth. I'll last longer this way."
The outpouring of love in the comments on the last chapter was extremely humbling. Thank you all for your kind, supportive words. They meant the world to me.
The weeks blurred into one another, and before Dean knew it, he had been with Cas for more than two months. There was no longer any doubt in his mind that he was really in love. Maybe for the first time in his life.
So now that I have appeased you with smut and pie, you forgive me for the long wait, yes? Good because you're probably in for another one. This story has not been and will not be abandoned, but I want to finish my other WIP, "Home For Christmas", first since that one was written for a gift exchange and is already a couple months late for the posting deadline. As soon as that's finished, I will be coming back to this. Pinky promise.
This chapter contains a brief reference to child abuse. Go down to the end notes if you need spoilers before you feel comfortable reading.
"Answer the question," Castiel growled through gritted teeth. "Did you at any time leave him unsupervised with my child?"
"After I aged out of the system," Castiel went on, putting his head back down on Dean's shoulder and cuddling into the other man again, "I was placed in a… a kind of halfway house for foster kids. There was free counseling and they helped us figure out what we wanted to do with our adult lives. The fact that they had to spend most of their time repairing the damage the system had done to us was an irony no one ever pointed out. We were just grateful to have a support system and not be thrown out into the world with no safety net and no family to run home to. One of the social workers, a man named Cain Adams, found out that I liked cooking, so he suggested I apply to culinary schools, and… well, the rest is history I guess."
"Yes. For once we don't have to act professional, so I will be as sappy and romantic as I like." Then, realizing that Dean might have been hinting that he was uncomfortable, he added, "Unless you'd rather I sat over there."
Sam opened the door and immediately screwed his eyes shut, clapping a hand over them for good measure. "Dude! You could have told me to come back later."
"Cas …" Dean started to reach for him again, but before Castiel had time to decide if he was going to allow the touch or not, Dean's phone rang. Dean checked the number and gave Castiel an apologetic look. "It's Sam. I have to take it."
Dean raised his eyes to meet Castiel's. "He made parole. They're letting him out tomorrow." He sounded as though he didn't quite believe it, and he suddenly grabbed Castiel and hugged him tight. Castiel felt warm tears dripping on his neck as Dean whispered, still in that half joyful, half disbelieving voice, "He's coming home. My little brother's coming home."
Some of Castiel's good mood evaporated as he was reminded of why they were all here, but even that couldn't completely quench the glow of joy inside him. Dean loved him. The world felt kinder and more hopeful than it had in a very long time. Clearly miracles did happen, so maybe with Sam and Eileen's help he could have one more. He laced his fingers with Dean's and felt Dean squeeze his hand reassuringly.
A week later — the most exhausting week of his life — Castiel arrived back in New York with a sad and silent nine year old in tow. The doctor had assured him that there was nothing physically wrong with Claire.
"Castiel Novak," Castiel said, shaking first Max's hand, then Aaron's. "This is my boyfriend, Dean, and," he paused slightly, not wanting to get into the whole complicated story of their family dynamic, continuing with, "this is Claire."
“You missed a bit,” Cas said, reaching out to swipe a wet spot from Dean’s cheek, Charlie having finally released him. Dean was still crouched down, and as he looked up at Cas through his lashes and smiled, Cas suddenly desperately wished that they were alone.
“Okay, but what is it helping with exactly?” Dean demanded, his eyes frantically searching Sam’s face. “Sammy, are you … not okay?”
Dean choked on his water. He was still coughing when Pam returned with their food. “You okay, hon?” she said, patting him on the back.
This chapter contains my first piece of fan art! A reader who requested to remain anonymous made Claire's drawing for me, and it's perfect!
trying to be secretive," Dean put in. "We were starting to think you were all incredibly oblivious."
Dean was in control this time. He undressed Cas and pressed him down into the tangled blankets, slowly sucked him to full hardness, then straddled his hips and rode him in a gentle rocking motion while holding his hands above his head.
Castiel decided that aftercare was not a good time for a discussion of Dean's sometimes excessive selflessness, so he let it go.
Cas realized he was staring and tore his eyes away from the work of art that was the man's body (in more ways than one) to focus on his face. "Why are you doing this?" he blurted out before he could stop himself.
"Perhaps we should talk in my office," she forestalled him. "Dean, join us. Everyone else, back to work." But she didn't tell them to turn off the music.
"Dominant? Because of the way I am in the kitchen?" It wasn't the first time someone had made that assumption.
going to talk about their respective pasts. When they were both ready. And in the meantime they could kiss and hold hands and talk about everything else or just sit in silence, enjoying each other's mere existence. It brought him a sense of peace and safety that he had never felt with a partner before, not even the ones he'd stayed with for years.
"Yeah. I just still get tired sometimes. Well, all the time actually. It's like my battery can't get up to a full charge."
Dean's lips grazed the shell of Castiel's ear, and he murmured, "Stay calm. Don't react to what I say. I think we're being followed."
"Hey. I 'member you" The man stood his ground, his broad shoulders effectively blocking Cas's path. "Saw you earlier drinkin' with that queer who works at the bank. Barney somethin'."
Unprepared, Dean gagged a little, and trickles of white escaped his lips to slide down Castiel's cock. Dean chased them with his tongue, lapping them up like they were the last drops of his favorite dessert. The erotic sight wrung another weak twitch from Castiel, and a final spurt landed on Dean's cheek.
"Okay, um…" Dean turned on his side, facing away from Cas, and scooted back until he was in the middle of the bed, perfectly positioned for Cas to spoon him from behind. "How's this?"
"Glad to hear it," Dean said, laying a light kiss behind his ear. "Sleep now, omega." He couldn't resist adding with a smirk, "I'll watch over you."
Michael was finally up and about, dressed casually in jeans and a dark blue sweater since he wasn't going into the office. Dean's stomach did another flip as he came face to face with the alpha for the first time since their conversation the previous night, but he managed to keep the fear out of his scent and, apart from a slight sneer, Michael seemed willing to pretend nothing had happened.
The dark promise in his voice sent a shiver of desire up Castiel's spine. He turned his head and captured Dean's lips, tasting coffee and maple syrup. Dean groaned softly and pushed his tongue deep into Castiel's mouth. Heat raced through him, every nerve humming with pleasure. Clearly the sex hadn't diminished their attraction in the slightest. Quite the opposite.
"What do you mean?" Charlie said, avoiding Dean's eyes by focusing intently on the plate she was drying.
"Yes, I think it would be nice," Castiel said. He took Dean's hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. Whatever was bothering the man, they could figure it out later in private.
"Where have you been all my life?" Dean groaned as Castiel collapsed beside him. "I had no idea sex could be this good."
He heard Dean's sharp, surprised inhale, but he kept his eyes closed and his lips pressed against Dean's, waiting, praying that he hadn't just made a terrible mistake. Then Dean made a little noise halfway between a sigh and a moan. His hand cupped the back of Cas's head, pulling him as close as the table between them allowed, and his tongue lightly traced Cas's lower lip, a request, not a demand.
As Dean shrugged out of his coat before sitting down, Castiel's mouth went dry. Dean had dressed casual too, brown jeans and a dark green henley that showed off his broad chest and muscular arms to perfection.
Dean gave an offended huff, plucked a dogeared paperback off the shelf, and held it out to Cas. “Bet you dinner at Pam’s that you’ll finish it in less than a day.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, addressing Cas this time as he slipped his phone back into his pocket. “I forgot that I promised to pick my brother up from the airport. I’m not making this up to ditch you, I swear.”
Castiel could feel the blood pounding in his ears, but this time it was anger, not panic. "It seems you've left me no choice," he said flatly, knowing that Michael in his arrogance would interpret that as surrender.
It took Castiel a moment to remember what the first thing on the list had been. "Oh. Yes. Monogamy." He sat up and retrieved the pad from between the sofa cushions. "Is that something you want? Something you need? Please be completely honest. No more telling me what you think I want to hear."
Cas elected to sleep in just a pair of Dean's sweatpants rather than trying to maneuver his freshly stitched arm into a shirt, and normally Dean would have been thrilled to have all that gorgeous skin on display, but there were livid black and blue marks spreading over Cas's ribs (nothing was broken thankfully), and the sight of them was driving Dean's inner alpha — and the rest of him too if he was being honest — nuts with helpless protective rage. He wanted to kill the ones responsible, but he had already done that, and he wanted to take Cas's pain away with a touch like he had during the heat, but he
"I'm fine," he said, snatching his hand away. "Make sure that sauce doesn't scorch." He went over to the sinks to run cold water on the burn. He could feel Dean's eyes following him, still concerned but also a little hurt now, and that made him even angrier at Naomi and at himself. And of course she chose that moment to poke her head into the kitchen and say the very last thing he wanted to hear.
Naomi didn't need to call for their attention. She always had it like the cat has the attention of the mouse. She began speaking and everyone else fell silent. "Before we begin, I have a short announcement to make. I'm sorry to say that Anna will not be returning at the end of this month as we expected. She has found her calling elsewhere, and I'm sure you'll all join me in wishing her well. Fortunately Dean has agreed to stay on permanently in the position of sous chef, so this should cause no disruption, and our service will remain up to the high standard our customers have come to expect."
Breaking away from the kiss was the last thing he wanted to do, but there was one thing that could override lust every time and that was the need of a parent to see with their own eyes that their child was safe. "I should check on Claire," he said breathlessly. "Make sure she's actually asleep and not waiting up for me. Um … My bedroom is the first door on the right."
The books and games she had brought remained in her backpack untouched. Once she finished her homework, Claire sat quietly and watched the activity of the kitchen as though it was the most interesting television program ever made. At about ten o'clock she fell asleep sitting up and almost fell off her chair, so Castiel carefully moved her to Naomi's couch.
Cas tensed a little, and Dean’s heart sank. “I, um …” Cas avoided Dean’s eyes, staring down at his chest instead. “I’m not sure I’m ready for that, Dean. I’m sorry.”
“Oh. Right.” Good thing Bobby wasn’t here at the moment or Dean would be getting the glare of the century. He checked with the computer again and gave Mr. Novak a number.
Speaking of Sam, there was a knock at the door, and his brother's voice called, "Dean? You in there?"
Castiel smirked. "No. Nor is it surprising given how much you like it when I take charge. Now are you going to continue distracting me, or are you going to let me finish this so we can, as you put it, 'talk about shit'?"
“Obviously you’d do a background check before you actually let them move in with you, genius. It wouldn’t be that hard. Your mother is the sheriff for Christ’s sake.”
Cas, whose alarm bells had already been set off by the casual use of the other f word, now went completely cold. Adrenaline chased the warm fuzz of intoxication out of his brain, and his hands started to tremble. Fight or flight. Literal flight wasn't an option since the hallway was a dead end, but there were still options other than direct confrontation. Lying for example. "N-no. Just having a drink with a friend."
"Daddy!" Jack's insistent tone pulled Castiel out of his thoughts and let him know that Jack had been trying to get his attention for several seconds. He mentally kicked himself for letting any precious moments with his son slip away from him. He could worry about everything else later. He shoved it all in a box at the back of his mind and turned his attention back to Jack.
With a tremendous effort, Dean lifted his head again and looked into Cas's eyes just as wet, slightly sticky warmth flooded between their stomachs. Cas gave a low, wrecked moan that barely sounded human, but his eyes stayed locked on Dean's even as he shuddered and writhed under him. Only once his body went limp with exhaustion and satiation did he let his head fall back and his eyes slip closed.
Cas tilted his head, frowning in puzzlement. "Your parents don't approve of Sam?" What could they possibly disapprove of? A handsome young lawyer, kind and even tempered, completely devoted to their daughter. He was even the "right" gender if they cared about that.
"It's a beautiful natural act, Sammy," Dean said with undisguised glee. It had been a while since he'd had such a perfect opportunity to mess with his brother. "What did you want?"
"She wants to know if you'll still be here when she gets home," Castiel translated, though from the forcefulness of her gestures he suspected it had been more an order than a question. He gave Dean a nod behind her back.
Naomi was on the phone handling reservations when Castiel walked in with Claire, so he managed to slip past her and into the kitchen before she could say anything.
Dean tensed and glanced nervously down the table as though someone might have overheard, but everyone else was absorbed in their own conversations, most of them bemoaning the fact that they had to work on Valentine's Day. "Shit," Dean whispered, his eyes darting back to Castiel and a flush rising to color his cheeks. "You weren't, uh… you weren't supposed to see them yet. It was gonna be a surprise for after work."
"Surprisingly well. It helps that at her age romance is a very nebulous concept anyway. It's an adult thing, so it comes as no surprise to her that it's more complicated than she realized. And now that that part's taken care of, I thought maybe we could go out to lunch one day while Claire's in school."
Castiel snorted. "This isn't high school, Dean. I don't think we need to bother with all that. We wouldn't fool anyone anyway." He stood up, grabbed Dean's hand, and practically dragged him — not that Dean resisted at all — back towards the kitchen. Some laughter and a wolf whistle (probably Gabe) followed them, but Castiel didn't even look back.
Dean ducked his head, grinning and blushing, and god, he was so adorable. Castiel just wanted to cover his pink face with kisses. But he didn't want them to get distracted when they were finally making progress and actually
And the emotional roller coaster rushed down a steep slope again. "Years?" Castiel said hollowly. Jack might be
Naomi looked momentarily off-balance which gave Castiel a petty, childish satisfaction, but she recovered herself quickly and said, "Ah. Well, in that case, I'll try the chicken."
reference was deliberate before Cas’s fingers were replaced by something bigger. He wrapped his legs around Cas’s waist, trembling and gasping. It was almost more than he could stand.
custody is settled, but we'll ask Sam what we need to do to get our ducks in a row, and as soon as possible, we'll make it official. And we'll get Sam to draw up a will naming him and Charlie or someone else as backup guardians in case something happens to both of us. I promise you, Cas, once we get him out of there, he's never going back."
Castiel put his teacup down on the desk, splashing a few drops on Naomi's papers because his hands were shaking. "So you think I'm a child?" he said coldly. "Ruled by my hormones? Or worse, you think I'm so insecure that I'll jump into bed with any man who shows the slightest interest in me? You have no idea what he makes me feel."
children." Michael cocked his head. "Can't he? There's no reason a healthy young alpha like yourself wouldn't be able to give him as many babies as his heart desires. I mean, it's obvious that
Dean gave one last broken groan and spilled all over both of them. Castiel joined him seconds later, but his own orgasm was almost secondary to the pleasure of watching Dean fall apart because of him.
He nodded. "Thank you for your concern, but I can manage my love life perfectly well on my own. If there's nothing else, I should get back to work now."
“I won’t hurt you, Dean. I promise.” Cas kissed his neck just behind his ear and then continued nipping and sucking the spot while a lubed finger began circling Dean’s entrance, massaging and loosening the muscles before pushing inside.
Jack considered this. Then, with the unique ability of childhood to treat all moments equally important and unimportant simultaneously, he said, "Okay" before closing his eyes and falling asleep.
"You should be ashamed," the woman said, her voice shrill and carrying. The noise level in the restaurant dropped abruptly as people turned to stare. "Your sinful lifestyle is one thing. That is between you and God. But to bring a child into this… this…" Words seemed to fail her, and Castiel dared to hope that it was over, but then she drew a breath and burst into impassioned lecturing again. "If this country had any morals whatsoever, she would be taken away from you and given to a
"You weren't an idiot," Dean interrupted. "You were trying to take care of your kid, and you didn't have a lot of options at the time. You couldn't know that they would break their promise. They were your family!"
When he'd caught his breath a bit, he reached over to finish Cas and found him already soft and wet with his own release. Cas grinned lazily at him and taking Dean's hand, pressed the alpha's fingers into the still warm mess on his stomach, then coaxed the fingers up to Dean's mouth.
"Mmm. So perfect, Dean. So beautiful." With his other hand Cas opened his jeans and pulled his fully erect cock out of his boxers to rut against the silk covered swell of Dean's ass. The first thrust made him gasp and convulsively bite Dean's neck.
"The gay thing. Yes. They're absolutely certain that I'm going to hell." He shrugged. "For all I know, they may be right, but it doesn't matter. Dean is well worth that."
Lost in his thoughts, he didn’t notice that he had company until strong arms slid around his waist and warm lips pressed against his neck. “Who the hell gets up at seven thirty on a Saturday?” Dean grumbled.
, and next to Dean's name (he really needed to show her how to spell that correctly) Claire had written, presumably for Ms. Mills' benefit,
"No," Dean said. When Sam gave him a skeptical look, he conceded, "Well, sort of. It's complicated, but feel free to hug him. Not that you need my permission. I'm gonna go put my stuff in my room." He fled as quickly as he could while also fighting to make his body go against its ancient instincts.
. Dear God, if it was that deep when he was just talking, what did it sound like when he was turned on? Dean desperately wanted to find out.
Sam stopped trying to fast forward and started trying to turn the TV off, but the remote had stopped working altogether.
Dean finally lifted his head and looked Castiel in the eyes. "Cas, I feel like … like I've been looking for someone just like you for a long time, and I know it's only been a couple weeks, and I don't want to sound clingy, but now that I found you … I don't know if I can ever give you up."
The problem was that he had stupidly told Charlie that he was in love with Cas one night back in college while they were drinking together. He had sworn her to secrecy once they sobered up (okay, more like pathetically begged her not to tell anyone,
"I, um…" Screw it, Dean decided, and went all in. "I'm spending Christmas with my boyfriend and his family. They invited me and I said yes. He really wants me to meet them."
Cas took his mouth off Dean with an obscene little pop and licked pre-come from his reddened lips. “Mmm. Much as I would love to make you come in my mouth,” he said, his voice deeper than Dean had ever heard it before, “tonight I have other plans for you.” He crawled up the bed, eyes never leaving Dean’s face. “Top or bottom?”
"My mother was seventeen when she got pregnant with me and Jimmy," he began with no preamble, ripping off the band-aid. "We never knew who our father was. I don't know if he didn't want to be part of our lives or if she never told him about us, but his name isn't even listed on our birth certificates.
"Oh, I'm gonna fuck you," Cas growled, pushing him back down into the pillows. "I'm gonna fuck you so good you forget how to use that bratty mouth to say anything but my name."
In the first round they actually skipped the dice and started with Charlie’s choice — an old fantasy movie called
It always felt a little odd working in the restaurant kitchen without the controlled chaos in the clattering, clanging, and shouting of business hours around him, but once he started rolling out the dough he'd made the day before, slowly coaxing each stiff lump into an elastic circle, he settled into a kind of zen mind space and forgot everything else. Soon he had six pie crusts ready to go.
"See you in the kitchen, chef," he said, his eyes twinkling in a way that left no doubt he knew exactly what he was doing to Castiel and was enjoying every minute of it. He walked out of the pantry looking nothing like a man who'd just been told off by the boss.
"It's fine," Castiel sighed. He blinked a shirt into existence, similar again to what his master was wearing although he left off the odd picture that seemed to be painted onto the fabric. He cleared his throat and launched into his spiel. "Rejoice, oh fortunate one. I am the genie of the lamp, and I have it in my power to grant you three wishes. There are a few ground rules," he continued in a less pompous tone. "I can't bring back the dead, and don't try that wishing for more wishes crap. I won't play, and you'll lose a wish."
"Okay. Before they come back, how bad is it really?" Dean said in a tone that brooked no half truths.
Cas searched Dean’s face for any sign that he was lying. “It’s really okay if you’re not comfortable with this, Dean,” he pressed. “It doesn’t make you a bad person. Not everyone can handle a relationship with a handicapped partner.”
Castiel had fully intended to tease Dean just like Dean had done to him, but he lost himself in the kiss for a moment, and the next thing he knew he had Dean's tongue in his mouth and a fistful of the man's shirt and they were making out like horny teenagers. Again.
"Course I did," Dean said, perching himself awkwardly on the edge of the bed. Despite his best efforts, his eyes were drawn to Cas's lap.
Dean pulled back and looked at him, his gaze scorching hot and hungry. Castiel wanted to start begging right then, but he kept his cool, at least on the outside. "Lube?" Dean said.
), the two started chattering to each other in what Dean could only assume was computer-geek-ese because it certainly wasn't English.
He shook his head and said the same words he had said to Dean a few months ago. "That's not what I'm afraid of." He put down the bags and sat on the edge of the bed, the memory foam yielding to him with the easy familiarity of a long time lover. In his time as a human this was the only bed he had slept peacefully in. "He was perfect, Charlie," he said quietly. "During my heat he was … He was everything I needed and wanted, and I want to do the same for him, but I don't know if I can. I'm nowhere near as experienced as him."
Dean smirked. "Yeah, I had a feeling you'd want to do that part. One question before I forget. How quiet do we need to be?"
"Fair point," Dean conceded. "But couldn't you do it on the side for a while and keep your day job until you're set up?"
Cas rocked down to meet him, gasping as the beginnings of Dean's knot caught on his rim, stretching him a little. The omega lost the rhythm for a moment, but then he picked it up again double time, moving up and down on Dean's cock so fast that Dean's strung out body could barely keep up.
Benny sighed, sending a puff of static through the phone. "Yeah, I hear that. Lord knows I was glad Andrea and me didn't have any kids when we split."
"Mmm. I like the sound of that," Dean agreed, nestling his head in the curve of Castiel's neck and shoulder with a contented sigh as though he intended to stay there all day.
Dean reached up to cup Castiel's cheek, and Castiel couldn't help but to lean into the touch. "You know you're the only person who can say shit like that to me and actually make me believe it," Dean said with a soft smile.
"Okay, that is quite accurate," Castiel conceded, rubbing his own neck which was still a little sore.
Dean clawed at Cas's clothes in mute protest of the inequality, and Cas reluctantly broke the kiss to pull off his shirt. Then Dean was nudging him back towards the bed, pushing him down on it and lifting his legs to pull off his jeans and boxers.
"We were running out of time. Anna could pop any day now, and then you suddenly disappear with no warning."
Cas nodded, satisfied that Dean was telling the truth. Then the lines of his face seemed to sharpen as he slipped into his Dom persona, and Dean's dick gave another desperate twitch. "I'm going to take a shower. Go to my room, undress, and wait for me. May I fuck you tonight?"
“Oh, yes. Many people. If I’m making you uncomfortable, tell me and I’ll stop.” Cas’s tone had shifted from seductive to serious in two seconds flat.
Castiel broke off, unable to say the words, but Dean understood. "They put the person out of their misery," he finished quietly.
Dean pulled him into a hug, the rotten stench of the omega's fear triggering every protective instinct he had. "Of course I will. We're in this together. I won't leave you. Not ever." It was dangerously honest, but it calmed Cas, and that was all that mattered right now.
At that moment a wave of fatigue washed over Sam, so strong that he had to sink into the nearest chair lest he collapse where he stood. They were getting fewer and farther between, but he still needed a nap most days, and going out on hunts was out of the question if just walking around the bunker was this exhausting.
"Good," Sam said with relief. "Okay. Well, Dean's texts last night were a bit vague, and Eileen isn't as familiar with your history as I am, Cas. Would you mind walking us through how the custody arrangement with your brother and sister-in-law came to be and what made you decide to pursue legal action now?"
"No argument here," Sam chuckled. "Now go find your boyfriend and make sure he knows he's got nothing to worry about."
"The song lyrics, yeah. And some of the other stuff." He didn't volunteer any details, and Cas didn't ask, just started working on Dean's belt. Dean was grateful for that. He didn't want to talk about that stuff right now, partly because it was too personal to share with someone he'd just met, and partly because it was kind of depressing and he
Dean glanced over at Sam and Jess. They were in their own little world, completely lost in each other's eyes.
And if Dean felt a little bit selfishly glad that they would have to keep up their couple act for another day, well, no one had to know but him.
a guy, right? You haven’t suddenly decided that you’re bi or pan or something? Cause that would be okay with me too.”
Cas gave him a long, contemplative look. Finally he said without preamble, "Monogamy. I am yours, and you are mine. We do not sleep with other people. We do not flirt with other people. If I don't …" His voice faltered, but he pressed on. "If I don't meet your needs either physically or emotionally, then you will do me the courtesy of formally terminating our relationship before you seek satisfaction elsewhere. Is that clear?"
Also please note that even though I've added a final chapter count, that number may still change. I have my outline, but Dean and Cas might have other ideas.
"Me neither." Dean tugged Castiel closer, and Castiel went gratefully into his arms, burying his nose in Dean's shirt and breathing in the smell of the other man, food and sweat and earthy male musk, love and safety and home.
He became aware that he was very hard, and the urge to move his hips against Dean's and get some friction was almost irresistible. There was a sizable bulge in Dean's pants that indicated the other man would be more than willing to take this to the next level. With a tremendous effort, Castiel forced himself to pull away and return to the other end of the couch.
"Damn, that was good," Dean said, stretching luxuriously and tilting the chair back slightly. "I think I'm gonna have to keep you, Cas."
“Yes.” The word was half sobbed. “God, yes. Please, please come with me. I can’t face them on my own.”
"Dean," Castiel said as they stood up. "It's possible that we don't have to kill him. We could explain to him that pain is a natural part of life, that most humans want to live even when it seems like they don't. Maybe if we could make him understand, he would stop."
Dean pressed Castiel down into the couch cushions, and Castiel felt the man's arousal firm and unmistakable against his thigh. He shifted so that Dean would know beyond a doubt that he wanted this just as much. Dean groaned into his mouth.
"Yeah." The man snorted derisively. "Fag name if ever I heard one. Say, you two looked pretty cozy. Wasn't some kinda date, was it?"
, and it doesn't make you any less of an alpha. As long as you are kind and respectful of others and of yourself you are a good alpha, and I will never be disappointed in you. I promise."
stupid. "Oh. No, I didn't mean … I can loan you one of mine if you want. Or you can just stay like … like that." His gaze darted down to Castiel's chest then quickly away, a faint flush tingeing his cheeks a rosy pink which incidentally went very nicely with the sea foam green of his eyes.
By the time the end credits rolled, Cas was feeling completely at ease and also a little envious of Dean. He had never and would never have the kind of bond Dean had with his siblings. He loved Gabriel fiercely and was eternally grateful for his unwavering support and unconditional acceptance, but they had lived separate lives for too long, and their few shared memories were too painful to make the foundation of a comfortable relationship.
"As long as we're not yelling at the top of our lungs, we should be fine. This building has thick walls, and she's a deep sleeper unless she has a nightmare." Castiel toed out of his shoes and socks and approached the bed.
"Dean," Sam said cautiously, aware that he was stepping onto thin ice, "please don't bite my head off for saying this because I don't mean it as a challenge, okay? It's just … This is all new to him. Sex and relationships and alpha-omega dynamics. You can't … You can't make any assumptions about where this is going."
That caught Castiel by surprise. "Really? But… what about all the times you spent the night at Benny's?"
She held out two full grocery bags. "There's bread, peanut butter, lunch meat, some fruit and cookies. It should be enough for a few days. If you run out, just text me."
"Exactly. I thought he'd enjoy having another omega to talk to. I mean, there's Kevin, but he barely comes out of his room. And like you said, all this gender stuff is new to Cas. He's gotta have questions that me and you can't ans—"
Cas tilted his head in that oddly birdlike way of his. "It might be … challenging for me. At first. But no, I wouldn't object if you wanted her to stay. Do you?"
The week between Christmas and New Year's had been some strange combination of heaven and hell. Castiel had lost count of the number of times he'd had to restrain himself from kissing Dean senseless in the middle of the kitchen. They'd agreed that as long as they weren't actively trying to hide it, there was no need to make an announcement, so they had no idea how many people actually knew about them. No one had said anything.
He heard a drawer open and felt the cool dampness of a wipe cleaning the sticky mess off his stomach and groin. Gentle hands massaged his legs too, encouraging the muscles to relax so they wouldn't cramp. There was the plop of the wipe landing in the trashcan, and then the bed dipped as Dean crawled in beside him, pulling the blanket up over both of them.
“She had a miscarriage. Her twenty first child. The baby died almost immediately. Mother went into a coma and died a week later. Of course, I only found out the details many years later. At the time all anyone would tell me was that she had “gone to be with God”. I don’t think I realized she was dead until the funeral. It was open casket, and when I saw her lying there …” He shivered. “I ran away and hid in the church kitchen until it was over. I had nightmares about it for months.” He felt Dean’s arms tighten around him, anchoring him to the present, surrounding him with warmth and safety.
feel like a teenager,” Cas said as Dean climbed off him. Thank God, neither of them was worked up enough to make this truly embarrassing.
Monday afternoon found Castiel slumped on the couch, watching Julia Child reruns while flipping through old
Dean held him tighter, and Castiel burrowed into his shoulder, muffling the words a little as though that would make the memory any less painful. "She overdosed on sleeping pills. It was ruled an accident since there was no note, but I've always wondered if maybe she did it on purpose."
Dean went off to the other side of the kitchen, but he was back a few minutes later with a bowl of pasta tossed with steamed vegetables, olive oil, and cheese. It smelled delicious, but it definitely wasn't on
Jack took it and tore into the paper, obviously trying not to get his hopes up, but his mouth fell open and his blue eyes widened when he saw the paint set. "Wow!" he breathed, a smile lighting up his face.
"Ask him to move in with me you mean?" Dean had actually thought about it, but … "No. He's happy in his place, and it's right next to the store, and it's … That's
She nodded and said, "Good." Then she looked him straight in the eye. "You treat him right, Cas, and you and me will get along just fine, but —"
After round three, they napped for an hour, then showered together and managed one more orgasm each before admitting defeat. Now they were watching a mindless sitcom while a frozen pizza warmed up in the oven. Grace was laying at their feet, sulking because she’d been shut out of the bedroom all afternoon and now there was no space for her on the couch. Cas tried to win her forgiveness by rubbing her head with his foot which she usually liked, but she was steadfastly ignoring him, and honestly he was more worried about Dean’s mood.
Dean laughed. "Both? There were definitely sparks flying last night. Please tell me I didn't imagine that."
"Oh, I, um… I don't drink," Dean lied impulsively. He had a feeling he should keep all his brain cells in working order around Michael.
The deputy agreed and sounded glad that Castiel was taking such an immediate interest in his niece's wellbeing. Castiel thanked him by rote and hung up the phone. Then he just stood there, staring at his blurred reflection in a gleaming copper stockpot.
"I'll be careful. And Sam's here. I'll be fine." When the door had closed behind Dean and Grace, Cas looked at Sam whose puzzlement must have showed on his face. "I have an inner ear problem," he explained with only a slight trace of awkwardness. "I get vertigo and fainting spells." His mouth quirked in a wry smile. "You didn't find it odd that Grace follows me absolutely everywhere?"
"Don't worry about it." Dean stroked his cheek, and there was sadness in those green eyes, but still no pity. "Cas, I… would it make you feel any better if I said I'd like to kill everyone who ever hurt you?"
Dean obeyed, his head resting on one of Castiel's feather pillows. He had turned down the covers and stacked the extra pillows neatly in the corner even though he hadn't been told to do that. He knew Castiel liked to keep his space orderly, especially during a scene.
"No, but I know." She stood on tiptoe and kissed his cheek, her enormous belly bumping his hip. "Go home, chef. I'll keep things running until you get back."
"Hmm," Cas said thoughtfully. "I'll keep that in mind, but I doubt it would work right now." From anyone else that would have sounded dryly ironic, but Cas was just stating a fact.
"Or Cas." A hint of worry tinged Charlie's happy scent. "Speaking of Cas, are you sure he'll be okay with me sticking around? He doesn't seem to like me very much."
Those thoughts fled as Jack leapt into his arms, squealing, "Daddy! Daddy, it's snowing! Did you see, Daddy?" as though Castiel might have somehow missed it. There was no room in his heart for guilt or sadness when he was finally holding Jack and breathing in his son's sweet peaches and cream scent. The young alpha scented his father too, and pulled back with a puzzled frown. "You smell different."
Cas chuckled and moved to rest his head on Dean’s shoulder, his bed hair tickling the bare skin. “Gabriel is difficult to describe. Sometimes he’s the best brother I could ask for, loyal and generous and good hearted, and sometimes he’s a complete dick. His sense of humor is very similar to that of a Bugs Bunny cartoon, and he doesn’t always notice when a joke has gone too far. But I’ll say this for him — he has always accepted me for exactly who I am. And that’s all I really need from him. The rest of it I can put up with. It’s better than nothing.” He sighed and snuggled a little closer to Dean’s side. “What about you? Are you close with your brother?”
for this chapter. Please note I've added the tag "John Winchester's A+ Parenting". That applies mostly to this chapter, but also a few things in later chapters. There is also an explicit reference to Castiel's pregnancy and the judgment he faced for being an unmated pregnant teenager. This is not meant to imply any judgment of teen pregnancy or single parents on my part. I believe that everyone should have the right to make their own decisions in that situation, free of moral judgment.
As he started to come to his senses, he had a momentary disorienting sensation of falling. He clung on to Dean tighter, but then he heard a rough voice murmuring, "I've got you, babe. Just lay down, and I'll get something to clean you up." He realized that there was a soft mattress at his back now instead of the hard door, and he gratefully sank into the pillows.
"I'm okay with it most of the time, but we should probably keep it to a minimum in the kitchen if only so we don't get distracted and start a fire."
Dean turned to look at him but didn't say anything. He could tell that Castiel was working up the courage to say something, and he just waited, tracing idle patterns on Castiel's shoulders, grounding him with soft touches as Castiel navigated the dark, twisting labyrinth of his own mind.
Castiel smiled despite himself. He could smell Dean's excitement, his eagerness to get back to doing what he did best, and it was infectious. But the urge to stay here where life was safe and predictable still tugged at him insistently.
“Believe me, they are worse than either,” Cas said darkly. “But there is one silver lining to all this.”
Castiel felt a big, warm hand on the small of his back and heard Dean exclaim, "Anna! Didn't expect you back here so soon. Come to take my job?" He said it playfully, and it was probably only because Castiel knew the real Dean, the man behind the charming mask, that he could hear the faint note of real worry in the question.
"Dean, come on. Anyone with a nose can tell you have feelings for him, but… well, I guess it's complicated with his kid and all, so I'm glad you found someone who makes you happy. You deserve that."
They folded the clean laundry that was still spilled all over the floor and packed their suitcases so they would be ready to leave as soon as possible tomorrow. Dean unknotted the rope and tucked it away with the others.
Dean nodded and kissed him on the forehead. "Don't take too long," he said teasingly. "I might start without you."
They laid there in silence for a while, but Dean could tell by Cas's scent and the sound of his breathing that he was still awake. Suddenly Cas inched closer to Dean and tentatively nuzzled his shoulder. Dean was at first surprised and confused. This seemed an awful lot like foreplay. But then Cas said, "Dean, can I … can I smell you?"
Cas sat with Jack, not bothering him with questions about what he was painting, serenely watching as though he'd been granted a rare opportunity to see a famous artist at work on the condition that he remain perfectly quiet and not disturb the master.
Cas smiled. It was small, but it was a real smile, and it was all for Dean. Dean was going to spend the rest of his life making sure his omega smiled as often as possible.
The ER staff made no attempt to remove Dean from Castiel's side. They had plenty of experience with protective alphas. Castiel noticed several of the omega nurses giving his big, handsome alpha admiring (and in one case outright covetous) looks, but with Dean nuzzling his neck, murmuring soothing words in his ear, and generally treating him like the only person in the universe, he had less than no reason to feel jealous.
"It's not random. The sheriff said that the victims were all unhappy, lonely, in pain in some way. The Rit Zien can sense pain, home in on it. That's how they find the wounded in the chaos of the battlefield. And if the wound is beyond their ability to heal, they —"
"It's not the end of the world," Sam hurried to reassure him. "There's plenty of legal precedent for honoring handshake deals. Plus, you're the biological parent. The court is automatically leaning in your favor as long as Michael can't produce any evidence that you're unfit."
the fuck out of me. I was planning to use some of my fuck on my boyfriend the next time I see him. Haven't gotten much alone time with him lately."
Dean dropped all defensiveness immediately. "No. No, he would never hurt you or the kid or anyone. I know that sounds weird because I just told you he killed someone, but … Look, it's a long story, and I can't tell you all of it. Not without Sam's permission. But can you trust me when I say he's not dangerous? He made a mistake that he can't ever fix, and he knows that, so he's doing everything he can to prove that he'll do better next time around. He's not a psycho."
"I guess I've kind of been avoiding thinking about what that could mean in the long run if… if this keeps working for both of us. And when Max assumed that I was… that Claire was…"
"Can you text Sam and set up a meeting for me?" he asked a little croakily, peeling his cheek off of Dean's damp shirt.
"I'm sorry," Castiel said again. "I didn't know." He would never have used it so casually if he'd known what it meant to Dean.
Sam sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. He hadn’t slept well last night, his mind subconsciously waiting for the familiar rumble of the Impala and Dean’s footsteps on the stairs. “You’re right. I do. I’m sorry. I just can’t figure out why you suddenly feel the need to sneak around. You know I have no problem with you liking guys.” A thought occurred to him. “It
Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat. "There is nothing wrong with me." He even believed it. At least for that moment.
"I had my son Jack when I was nineteen. I had no interest in mating the alpha who impregnated me, nor did I want an abortion. I had every intention of raising Jack on my own, and I tried. I… I really tried." His throat tightened and he had to pause as the old familiar guilt rose up to pull him under. Maybe he hadn't tried hard enough. Maybe he shouldn't have been so quick to accept Michael's offer.
They waited some more. Suddenly they heard the crunch of feet on gravel. Coming from behind them. They both spun around, Dean's gun seeming to appear in his hand by magic, the process of drawing it happening too fast to follow. Castiel let his angel blade slide out of the rip in the lining of his hoodie where he had hidden it. It felt good in his hand, the metal solid and slightly warm from proximity to his body heat. A reminder that even without his grace or his wings, he wasn't completely powerless. He could still fight, and he had Dean. It was two against one.
"They're still alive," he added quickly, seeing where her mind was going. "They just want nothing to do with me."
"March eighth," Castiel said, but a dark cloud had suddenly intruded on his sex high, and he felt a lump rise in his throat. "I'm not sure I want to celebrate it this year though."
Dean realized that at some point in the conversation he had flopped down sideways across his bed with his head hanging upside down over the edge. God, he was such a girl, but he was comfortable, and no one could see him.
“You sound surprised,” he said as Dean pushed past the girl and tugged him over the threshold, Grace padding close behind. “Did you think I would chicken out at the last minute?”
Dean couldn't help noticing the way Sam's hand lingered on his colleague's arm, or the way her summer meadow scent intensified at his touch. His first instinct was to tease his brother mercilessly, but he ruthlessly squashed it. He was here to support Cas. Plus, he knew that dating wasn't easy for guys like Sam. Too many alphas and omegas were only interested in betas for casual sex because of the 'built-in birth control'. If Sam really liked this woman and she liked him back, as appeared to be the case here, Dean would
There was silence on the other end of the phone for a moment. Then Sam said, “You could always advertise on Craigslist or something. For a roommate I mean.”
Cas woke up screaming and kept on screaming because it was such a relief. In the dream he hadn't been able to make a sound. The harder he tried, the thicker the silence became until he was suffocating in it.
“Will you go out with me?” Dean repeated slower and less garbled, but he felt a flush creeping into his cheeks, and he was wishing he’d kept his own mouth shut, a familiar feeling. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have … That was unprofessional, and you’re —”
"And this little cutie is Tasha." Max reached down to ruffle his daughter's hair. She resembled both her fathers with Max's dark skin and black hair and Aaron's big brown puppy eyes. "You want to say hi, Tash?" Max asked gently. He looked directly into the little girl's face as he talked to her, and Castiel realized he was making sure she could read his lips.
"Yes, it is nice," Castiel agreed. He decided to take the opportunity to segue into typical first date conversation and asked, "Where have you lived besides New York?"
she'd been that direct about it. I know of at least three straight couples among the staff. If she suddenly chose to make an issue of it in our case, I could accuse her of discrimination and that would be the end of it. Which is why she took a more roundabout approach. She tried to convince me that you were going to use me up and break my heart." Hard as he tried to sound dismissive of the whole thing, a faint note of uncertainty crept into Castiel's voice, and Dean heard it.
Nick’s calculating gaze lingered silently on Dean a moment longer than was polite, and Dean got the distinct impression that he was figuring out how to get rid of the body. Then he looked down at Dean and Cas’s joined hands, and a mischievous smile spread over his face without ever touching his cold eyes. “Ah,” he said softly. “I see.”
"Castiel," Castiel said, the syllables sounding odd to his own ears. It had been so long since he had spoken them aloud, so long since anyone had cared to know his name.
"Quick question," Sam said, his hands still moving, translating his own words now. "Did you ever put this agreement in writing?"
Castiel laughed and let himself sink back into the lazy stupor that always followed a really satisfying orgasm. "So what surprised you?"
Sam shoved his hand away, but he was smiling too, and at least some of the pain was gone from his eyes.
"He didn't know. I mean, he knew about Jess, but after the funeral I basically dropped off the face of the Earth. I stopped answering his calls. I moved without giving him my new address. He called the university office and found out that I'd quit school. At that point he didn't even know if I was alive. I put him through hell, but at the time I told myself I was protecting him. If he knew how bad things were, he'd sacrifice everything to help me. He'd spend all the money he'd saved for his restaurant on rehab for me. That's just who he is. He takes care of the people he loves. I told myself that this way at least one of us would get to live his dream, but the truth was I didn't want to be saved. I just hadn't worked up the nerve to do what Brady did, so in the meantime I was doing every stupid, reckless, self destructive thing I could think of.
Jack, however, did not look as happy as he had when he was jumping on the bed. He looked like he was struggling to hide his disappointment. It was a strangely grown-up expression, and it looked out of place on his soft, round little face. Dean looked around at the presents, all of them obviously chosen with an eye towards what would be considered appropriate for an alpha child, and his heart went out to the little boy.
wasn’t nervous at all), and rang the doorbell. Almost immediately he heard thumping footsteps running towards him and the door was flung open by a petite young woman with flaming red hair and a t-shirt that declared,
He felt Dean tense a little in his arms. "That's why you wanted the meeting to be here and to have me there."
There were a few seconds of jostling while they got comfortable under the covers and then a heavy silence. There was no denying it. This was weird, and it wasn't difficult to guess why. They had never shared a bed without having sex first, which meant that by the time they reached the sleeping portion of the evening, Dean was usually a happy puddle of endorphins and Cas was busy aftercaring the shit out of him. Since Dean was a very tactile person, his aftercare needs involved a
"You're still in your pajamas, buddy," Dean pointed out. "How about you clean up this wrapping paper and eat a bowl of cereal or something while your dad drinks his coffee, and then we can get bundled up and play in the snow." He handed Cas the coffee with the cream in it, and sat down next to him on the couch.
Dean obeyed, folding his hands behind his head and stretching out on Castiel's bed like he belonged nowhere else. That snapped the last tenuous thread of Castiel's self control, and he suddenly
The teacher introduced herself as Miss Eileen. Her speech had the distinctive sound of someone who'd learned to talk without being able to hear their own voice, but Castiel soon got used to it like any accent and stopped needing to concentrate so hard to understand her. He spent most of the time watching her hands and clumsily trying to mimic the shapes they described so gracefully in the air. Every now and then he felt Dean's arm bump his as the other man did the same, and he smiled at the silent reminder that he wasn't alone in this.
"Excuse me," Castiel said, snatching the plate from Naomi and inspecting it critically. "There's nothing wrong with this. It's precisely comme il faut."
Dean smiled. Cas's tendency to phrase everything in the bluntest, most uncomfortable terms possible usually annoyed him, but right now it was strangely reassuring, another sign that he was still the same old Cas. "Yeah," he said easily, a little surprised by how not awkward this conversation was. Maybe the week of marathon sex had something to do with it. If that hadn't made things awkward, then nothing could. "It's not as good as the real thing, but it does the trick when you're already tired and you just need something to relax you."
And Dean was obviously very proud of it. He held Cas’s hand as he led him from room to room and told him the story of the house. “Bobby and Jodi, our foster parents, had some money put aside to help us with college, but Sam got a full scholarship, and I barely made it through high school, so we put it into this instead. We got the house for a song, and it was, like, the definition of fixer upper. After Sam graduated law school, we spent the whole summer working on it, and all our friends and family helped out however they could. Jess, Sam’s fiancee — well, girlfriend at the time — she did most of the painting. She did that.”
"No, I'm just visiting. Actually I wanted to talk to you about that before the meeting. Castiel, I …" She rocked the sleeping baby nervously. "I don't think I'm coming back."
Very few people even had his work number, but the voice on the other end of the call was a stranger's. "Is this Castiel Novak?"
"Can I ask you something?" Castiel said as Dean gently untangled himself from their embrace so he could add honey to Castiel's tea.
“My magic number. Four. I’ve slept with four men. And one woman, but I don’t count that because … Well, let’s just say we both came to the conclusion that I was most definitely gay.”
At breakfast the next morning Castiel decided to just bite the bullet. If he was going to make it through Claire's teenage years, he'd best get used to having the difficult conversations now.
Dean wasn't normally one to make comparisons while he was in bed with someone. He might rank the experience later, but in the moment he preferred to just enjoy it for what it was. Still, he couldn't help thinking that he had never been kissed like this before. Cas seemed to be trying to climb inside him and breathe the air directly out of his lungs. With what little presence of mind he had left, he fumbled with the fly of Cas's jeans and was inordinately proud of himself when he managed to get it open while still being kissed senseless.
He could tell by the angle and color of the light filtering through the blinds that it was earlier than he usually liked to wake up, but he certainly wasn't going to complain about what had woken him. Namely, the exquisite wet heat of Dean's mouth wrapped around his cock.
Anna snagged Castiel's arm as he walked past her. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I told her to wait until you got back, but he's actually really good. Almost as good as you."
Dean had learned early on in his teaching career that the day before Christmas vacation was no time to expect kids to sit still and focus on math and spelling, so his class of eighteen six-year-olds had taken over the school kitchen and were spending the last day of term baking cookies. It was loud, messy, barely controlled chaos. With his TA, Charlie, along to help, Dean was in his element.
Claire picked up her head to look at him, maybe to make sure he really meant it, and he knew right away it had been a good idea. For the first time since the accident she looked like a normal little girl instead of a pale, listless ghost. Her eyes were bright with excitement, and she nodded vigorously.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and fixed the man with his coldest, most imperious stare, the one that had reduced many a clumsy waiter to a trembling puddle of apologies and pleas for a second chance. "Yes, I'm well aware of that. What I would like to know is who
As Cas started to move, Dean tangled his fingers in the other man’s hair and pulled just like he’d been dreaming of doing for weeks. Cas’s reaction was even better than he’d hoped. The man screamed with ecstasy, drove his hips into Dean hard enough to leave bruises, and came. The first pulse of hot fluid hit Dean’s prostate and instantly tipped him over the edge.
Dean spent a few minutes tapping at his phone screen while Castiel wiped his eyes, blew his nose, and generally tried to feel more like a human being and less like a walking blob of tears and snot.
Dean noticed the way Sam clung to her like she might vanish in a puff of smoke if he let go, and he wondered if his brother was also thinking of another home gone up in flames a long time ago. His eyes wandered to the picture of Mary Winchester laughing at the camera, and he heard the ghostly whisper of a remembered voice.
“I’ve met you somewhere,” Sam said, his brow furrowing in thought as he shook Cas’s hand, thankfully eschewing both the hug and the macho finger crushing contest that Cas had feared. “I just can’t remember —”
"You won't take off while I'm gone, will you?" he asked while he was waiting for Claire to get her school bag. He tried to make it sound teasing and failed utterly.
Castiel kept a tight rein on his emotions, making sure that none of the anger, frustration, or sadness he was feeling leaked into his scent. He touched his son's soft, smooth cheek and looked into his innocent, trusting blue eyes. "Sweetheart, you can like whatever you like. Whether that's princesses or painting or anything.
Before heading that way, Dean dipped into his gift bag and pulled out a small bottle of Fireball cinnamon whiskey with a red ribbon tied around the neck, which he handed to Jody with a little flourish. "A little birdie told me it was your favorite."
“Here’s the deal,” Sam said, looming over Cas in the little kitchen while the microwave hummed and the popcorn popped. “Dean is my big brother, and he has always protected me as much as he could no matter what it cost him. He says he told you about our dad, so you have an idea of what I mean by that. The thing is, Dean doesn’t realize that it goes both ways. He thinks that he’s the protector and I’m the protected, and that’s the end of it, but he’s wrong.” Sam took a step forward, and Cas just barely resisted the urge to step back. “You hurt him, you mislead him about your feelings or betray his trust in any way, and I’ll make you wish you were dead. Got it?”
"Did he ever tell you about the time when he was about your age and he made macaroni and cheese with marshmallows?"
This was Castiel's favorite thing about sex with Dean; he had the privilege of witnessing that moment when Dean let go of all those preconceptions about alpha-ness and just obeyed his instincts, becoming truly himself. "There you are," Castiel whispered, leaning down to lick a stripe from Dean's jugular to his scent gland. "My good, beautiful Alpha."
Dean sighed into Cas's mouth, kissing back greedily, devouring the unconditional love and acceptance he had lived without for so long, and giving just as good as he got. They only parted when they ran out of breath, and Dean was flushed for a different reason now.
Hannah paled, her floral scent turning rotten and cloying for a moment. She regained control of herself almost immediately, but she avoided his eyes, busying herself pouring the coffee. "Of course," she said, her voice a little too high and tremulous. "That makes sense."
"Good," Cas said. And then the smug bastard put his head back down on Dean's shoulder and promptly fell asleep.
He sat on the lid of the toilet, staring at the blue and white pattern of the floor tiles and counting how many times it repeated. It was easier this time to calm his breathing, easier to keep the shame and self-doubt at bay. All he had to do was focus on the anger boiling up in his gut, the same righteous anger he'd felt last year when he had noticed finger shaped bruises on the neck of a little girl in his class.
"Yeah. Just a second." Dean pulled over a blanket and wrapped it around their lower bodies. Then he called, "Okay. You can come in." He didn't bother to ask Cas if he was okay with Sam seeing them like this. He had discovered very early on that Cas had no shame. It wasn't exhibitionism exactly. The omega just did not care at all if someone else was in the room. Much to Sam and Kevin's dismay.
He didn't rush his shower. Scening while anxious, scared, angry, or in the grip of any other strong negative emotion was dangerous and irresponsible. He closed his eyes, focused on the feeling of the water hitting his back, and imagined that it was washing away all his fury at Michael and all his fears for the future. Instead of Michael's smug, holier-than-thou expression when he told Castiel he couldn't have his son back, he pictured Dean…
“Good. I’m sorry I didn’t call sooner. The store’s been busy now that the weather is warming up, and then Grace had to go to the vet.”
“Already asked her,” he said. “She’s planning on moving in with Jo when her lease is up next month. Sounds like they’re getting pretty serious.”
"This makes three, but I don't mind. I'm glad so many people are willing to commit murder for Dean. That's  a loyal family." He felt a twist of envy in his gut as he remembered Nick's off hand death threat. That had had nothing to do with protecting Cas and everything to do with the sadistic pleasure Nick took in inspiring fear.
They were made for a man. Even with Dean almost fully hard, they cradled his cock and balls comfortably. The cut of them was deliberately designed to not just accommodate, but to complement and accentuate the shape and size of an erection. Whoever had designed them was a true artist who knew how to balance functionality and beauty without sacrificing either.
"I'll get you a list before you leave," Sam said. "First let's talk about how we're going to get your son back. Shall we sit?"
Claire was sleeping deeply, her nose buried in the threadbare fur of her stuffed cat, inhaling the comfort of its familiar scent. Castiel brushed her hair off her face and kissed her cheek, praying that there would be no bad dreams tonight for both their sakes.
Castiel took Dean's hand and squeezed it reassuringly, letting trust and calm suffuse his scent. Dean relaxed and even grunted an apology though he did not make any other show of submissiveness, partly because the gesture would be meaningless to a beta, but also partly, Castiel suspected, because it was more than his inner alpha that was offended by the nurse's doubts. Dean Winchester took good care of the people he loved, and he wore it as a point of pride because he secretly believed that it was his only redeeming virtue. When the nurse declared Castiel "fit as a fiddle" (a puzzling phrase), Dean made a huffing noise that said more eloquently than words,
Cas sat quietly on the toilet lid and let his husband fuss over him. He didn't push or tease anymore. Dean would talk if and when he was good and ready and that was all there was to it.
Dinner was an unquestionable success. Claire had second helpings of everything and no less than four helpings of Dean's macaroni and cheese.
Dean whined and shifted his hips impatiently, trying to get Castiel's fingers where he wanted them. "Come on, Cas. I'm not a virgin. I've done this like a thousand times. You're not gonna break me."
"Mmm. I think I'll take you up on that, but help me up outta this bed anyway. I need to use the restroom."
"Do you, uh … Do you have everything you need?" Dean asked, hating himself more with every cowardly word.
About halfway through this little speech, Castiel had lifted his head to look at Dean, and he was immediately mesmerized by the fire in those green eyes. When Dean had finished making his point, Castiel kissed him softly on the lips. "I love you," he murmured, "and I promise that if the McLeods or anyone else ever cross a line, I won't let Naomi bully me into letting it slide. I will tell you before I even bothered discussing it with her, and we will decide how to handle it together."
"No," he said in answer to Benny's question. "We're, um… we're actually spending the night at Cas' brother's house."
Two big hands settled on his hips, and a firm chest pressed against his back. "What's that?" Dean asked, looking over his shoulder at the album.
He made a mental note to work with her on spelling, but now didn't seem like a good time to criticize. He didn't want to discourage her from communicating with him this way.
"Yes, please. Although I don't need it as desperately as I usually do. For some reason I woke up feeling incredibly well rested."
“Does it seem like I’m regretting this?” Dean said, and Cas had to shake his head. “Exactly, cause I’m not. I am right where I want to be, and that’s wherever you are.”
Finally, after several increasingly awkward seconds, Hannah cleared her throat. "Alpha?" she said demurely, lightly touching Michael's hand. "Could we please discuss something else?" She tilted her head meaningfully in Jack's direction.
Those words, the look, that laugh, and the smoky alpha scent mingled with the heady aroma of the whiskey — it was all way too reminiscent of John.
Dean was clearly on board with the pace Castiel was setting. Castiel could feel how hard he was already, but once he succeeded in getting the belt unbuckled, Castiel decided to slow things down. He wanted to savor this next part. After all, when you're presented with a rare delicacy to taste for the first time, you don't just wolf it down, no matter how hungry you are. You roll it around on your tongue, try to identify each flavor, and imprint the moment in your memory with as much detail as you can.
"Jimmy made Claire his whole world. He somehow managed to dote on her without spoiling her, and she adored him just as much. He was her best friend."
He made it from scratch of course and took his time, resisting the urge to check on her. On an impulse he added a swirl of caramel and a pinch of salt, only realizing after he'd done it that it was a Jimmy thing. Jimmy had been addicted to salted caramel anything. Castiel had teased him that he would eat dirt if it was salted caramel flavored. Again the memory didn't hurt as much as he'd expected, and he didn't feel the need to throw out the cocoa and start again. He poured it into two mugs, topped both with a generous amount of whipped cream, and took them back to the living room.
One of the advantages of dating a coworker was that even when they both had to work, they could still spend the day together. For their first Valentine's Day though, Castiel wasn't content with just working in the same kitchen as Dean like every other day, he wanted to find a way to make it special, memorable. When he realized that February fourteenth was a Friday this year, he knew exactly what he could do. Fortunately, Naomi didn't ask why he wanted to cook for the staff meeting when it wasn't his turn, nor did she ask what he was planning to make.
It took a couple minutes of fiddling with the remote to make anything happen, and the process was somewhat hindered by Dean and Sam grabbing the thing back and forth between them.
Once Cas was settled, Dean quickly changed into his own pajamas, turned off the light, and laid down on what he was starting to think of as his side of the bed. As opposed to Cas's side. He wanted nothing more than to cuddle up to Cas, and he didn't even care that it would definitely be cuddling, no way around that, but he was afraid of causing Cas pain. Cas solved the dilemma by rolling onto his good side, draping his injured arm over Dean's waist, and tucking his face into the curve of Dean's neck where the alpha's scent was strongest. "What did you want to tell me before?" he mumbled sleepily.
A soft snort eloquently expressed Dean's opinion of the alpha who had knocked Castiel up and then refused to take any responsibility unless Castiel agreed to mate him, which Castiel emphatically did
"Cas?!" The crash brought Dean running from the living room where he'd been watching football, but by the time he got there Cas had all but forgotten the pain, distracted by the things that had spilled out of the shoe box when it tumbled to the floor along with him.
“Is she okay?” Dean asked, genuinely concerned. He liked that dog, and she was clearly very important to Cas.
Dean rolled over and snuggled into Castiel's chest, his fingers absently tracing the tattoos that he had become intimately familiar with last night. "You know, there's something I never asked you."
In the next several minutes, Dean learned two things about Bottom Cas. He was just as shamelessly loud as Top Cas, and he was much less patient. Dean was only two fingers deep when Cas started shoving his ass down on Dean's hand and groaning, "More. Oh, more, please."
Naomi's mouth twitched in what might have been a faint smile. "Well, not about this. Contrary to what you may believe, I have no wish to make your life unnecessarily difficult. You may bring her here whenever you need to, provided of course that it doesn't interfere with the smooth running of the kitchen."
Dean let go of Cas's hand and dug in his pocket, pulling out a business card. "My number and the address of the gym is on there. Whenever you've got some free time."
Was he really prepared to let himself fall completely in love with Dean Winchester? Because the more time they spent together, the more inevitable it would become. Could he handle the hurt and disappointment if Dean took one look at the broken, scarred, neurotic mess that was the real Castiel Novak and ran for the hills?
Dean nodded and squeezed Castiel's leg under the table, his hand a reassuring touch more than a sensual one.
Castiel's brain short circuited for a moment from that mental image, and Dean laughed at the look on his face and shoved him gently toward Claire's room.
"Don't you? Anna can barely go five minutes without a bathroom break, and she doesn't complain but being on her feet all night can't be easy. Dean can help carry the load."
Castiel mentally shook himself, his face suddenly feeling significantly warmer than the rest of him. He was an adult, so why couldn't he stop fantasizing about Dean like a teenager with a crush? Then he registered what Dean had said and blinked. "What did you just call me?"
Dean nodded. "Yeah, I get that. Besides, if we're gonna give this a real chance, we should probably, you know, go on an actual date or two before jumping into bed together."
Most of the time Cas didn’t miss being rich. Cliche as it might sound, the comforts and conveniences of wealth were a poor substitute for love, safety, and the freedom to be yourself without shame or fear. And it wasn’t like he lived in poverty. He had a comfortable home and got to spend the majority of his time doing something he loved. And now that he had Dean, he officially felt like the luckiest man alive. But he had to admit that at a time like this, it was very nice to have access to luxuries like private planes. In his current emotional state, he didn’t think he could have handled cramped spaces and crowds of strangers, even with both Dean and Grace to keep him calm and grounded.
But would they even be together if he hadn't needed help figuring out what to feed Claire? Would he have fallen as fast as he did if he hadn't seen how sweet and kind Dean was to Claire, if he hadn't seen behind the mask? The undeniable mutual attraction might have been good for a few nights of flaring passion, but if he hadn't been motivated by circumstances to take it slow, to insist on a stable relationship instead of a one night stand or a friends with benefits arrangement, would they have what they had now? For that matter, would they have ever even known that the attraction was mutual? If Jimmy was still alive, Castiel would have gone to Illinois for Christmas, and Dean would have been left alone with his
The raspy whisper instantly had heat gathering in Cas’s belly and trickling steadily downward. He had never reacted to anyone this strongly before. Dean turned him on without even trying. It was terrifying and exhilarating and he couldn’t get enough. He leaned closer a little bit at a time until their noses were almost touching. “What about this?”
Jimmy had given it to him for their birthday one year, a peace offering after a big fight. Castiel had been seriously dating Bart for almost a year at the time, and he'd foolishly hoped that if he explained to Jimmy that it wasn't a casual fling, that he thought he might be in love with this man, then Jimmy would soften up and allow him to bring his boyfriend to Christmas dinner. When Jimmy flatly refused, Castiel hadn't spoken to him for months. He didn't even go to Illinois for Christmas that year. After dozens of ignored calls and emails deleted unread, a package arrived at Castiel's door in early March containing a photo album full of pictures from their childhood. Castiel hadn't even known that many pictures existed.
. At least, that was what it smelled like to Castiel. He wanted to bathe in that scent every day for the rest of his life. He wanted to drown in it. It should have scared him how easily he could get lost in this, in Dean; how easy to forget the consequences of falling. It should have, but he had Dean's claiming bite on his neck, his alpha in bed with him, and his inner omega was purring,
The uncertainty in his voice broke Castiel's heart, and it was suddenly a very good thing that they were sitting on the same side of the booth because it meant he barely had to move to press his lips to Dean's in a deep, warm, reassuring kiss. "If I was breaking up with you, would I do that?" he said when they parted.
"… so this week the lemon sole will be offered with a side of steamed potatoes instead. The McLeods have reserved the private dining room for their twentieth wedding anniversary. They'll be hosting a party of twenty people, themselves included, and they would like to arrange a time to go over the menu with you, Castiel. When would be convenient?"
"It's not the same. Jimmy and I weren't anywhere near as close as you and Sam. We may have been genetically identical, but the only other thing we had in common was a horrible childhood that we would both rather forget. We saw each other on Christmas and talked on the phone maybe once a month. I don't even know why I miss him so much."
“Michael,” Cas said flatly. It might have been a greeting or just a statement. He already looked exhausted, and he was gripping Dean’s hand and Grace’s leash like lifelines.
He told Benny everything, from their plan to convince Cas' family that they were courting, and the "fake" claiming bite, to Michael's attitude towards Dean and Dean's growing suspicion that Michael had no intention of ever giving back custody no matter what Cas did. The only part he left out were his very real feelings for Cas. Benny had scened with them a few times, and he was a perceptive man, so he had likely noticed Dean's utter devotion to his Dom. While Dean obviously enjoyed watching Benny fuck Cas, he had never allowed anyone other than Cas to touch him during a scene, and Benny had tactfully never mentioned it.
“So what do you do?” Dean asked when the burgers were gone and they could talk like civilized people again.
“Yes, I do. Quite apart from the fact that I promised to take things slow, we’re in public, and I’m not quite
Dean rested his forehead against Castiel's, and they sat quietly for a few moments. Both of their scents were happy and content. Castiel wanted to just curl up in Dean's arms, put on a movie, and make out until their lips were sore, but they still had things to discuss.
Sam felt a grin spread over his face and heard himself say before he could bite back the words, "Well, no friggin duh."
Dean nodded, and Castiel was relieved to see that his eyes were clearer, but the peace of submission was gone from his expression as well. "Yeah. Sorry. I should have… I mean, I shouldn't have assumed."
gesture. John had yet to acknowledge his younger son's presence, so it was probably going to be one of those visits where Dean had to repeat Sam's questions before John would answer them.
In December Anna gave birth to a healthy baby girl, and Dean officially stepped into the role of sous chef at
Robyn flushed bright pink and said, "Okay. Be right back with your order," before beating a hasty retreat.
route since Cas could clearly smell that that wasn't true. Instead he said, "It's not your fault, Cas. You didn't do anything wrong, but you need to go. I need you to go."
The absurdity of that made Castiel snort with laughter and almost choke on his tea. "Dean isn't going to hurt me. He …"
Cas remembers how he got pregnant with Jack. He spent his heat with an alpha he had been dating for only a few weeks. The alpha promised beforehand to use condoms, but then failed to do so. It is implied that at the time Cas was too out of it because of his heat to give informed consent to having sex without a condom.
"Oh, baby," Dean murmured into his hair. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry you're hurting. I wish I could make it better."
He opened his eyes and looked into Dean’s, and there it was again, that warm, bright something that might,
“I know. That’s why I’m going to explain. I sustained an injury to my inner ear when I was a child. It doesn’t affect my hearing, but I get occasional bouts of vertigo and fainting spells. Grace is trained to catch me if I start to fall.” It wasn’t the whole truth, but the rest of it really wasn’t a first date conversation.
"It's okay, Cas," Dean cut him off gently before Cas could go into full on babble mode. "I'd like to be your friend. If you want to be mine."
Claire's frown had turned thoughtful rather than confused. She was absorbing his words, turning them over in her head and slowly fitting them into the jigsaw puzzle of her ever evolving worldview. He waited. Finally she stood up, took the message pad off the fridge, and brought it back to the table.
It was a gray, drizzly Sunday, and their lunch date had turned into an extended nooner. While they worked up the energy for round three, they were talking about everything and anything that they didn’t already know about each other. They had covered favorite movies (Cas:
"Good. Call me back at this number and I'll get you in. Hurry, please," she added which made Dean's stomach clench and the distress in his scent spike sharply again.
Dean looked at him with sparkling eyes, an incredibly happy scent filling the space. "God, you… you have no idea how happy that would make me, Cas." A tear trickled down his cheek, and he swiped it away self-consciously. "And I promise that when we have more kids, I won't treat him any different. They'll all be ours, Jack and whoever comes next, and I'll love them all the same."
"Come here," Castiel said hoarsely, and when Dean crawled up the bed so they were face to face, he leaned up and licked his own come off Dean's stubble. Dean laughed and turned his head to help Castiel get it all.
After all the years they'd spent working up to this, all the obstacles they had overcome, the literal and figurative hell they had gone through to be together in this moment at last, if there was any justice in the universe it would have been the perfect kiss, like something out of a fairy tale. In reality their lips barely touched before Cas pulled away and groaned, "Ow."
Castiel sat on the closed lid of the toilet while Jack splashed happily around the tub with his bath toys. Usually he treasured every opportunity to spend time with his son, to watch him play and marvel at how boundless his imagination was, and he was trying to enjoy it tonight too, but Hannah's words kept chasing themselves around and around inside his head.
Misinterpreting the cause of his panic, Anna said with gentle amusement, "You won't break her. Here, I'll show you how."
Dean came with a sound halfway between a moan and a sob, soaking the panties with his release. It took him almost a whole minute to come back to Earth and notice that Cas was still hard. "Sorry. I thought you were close."
"Hey. It's not going to." Dean was out of his seat in an instant and kneeling in front of Cas, squeezing his hands, looking intently into his eyes and willing him to believe. "Haven't you figured it out yet, baby? I'm in this for the long haul. I am never gonna get bored of you. You're … You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, and … Shit. I'm doing this all wrong. I meant to wait until after dinner, and I had this whole speech planned, but hey, spontaneous has always kind of been our thing."
The room's only door suddenly opened and a man entered. Castiel recognized him instantly. That face had haunted his nightmares ever since he became human, although the nightmares had been less frequent since he started sharing a bed with Dean. "Metatron," he growled. "What do you want? Where is Dean?"
Dean closed the gap between them in two quick strides and pulled Castiel into his arms. "Happy," he murmured, his cold nose pressing into Castiel's cheek. "So fucking happy. This is the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for me."
Castiel closed the door and turned to find Dean sprawled across the entire couch, languid and golden as a drowsy lion. He had clearly watched the entire exchange, but where Castiel had expected to see smug pride, there was something else. Something much softer. "What?" Castiel asked, moving the food to the coffee table. "What's that look for?"
Cas groaned, his back arching up against Dean's stomach, and Dean took the opportunity to slip a hand underneath him and stroke his cock. It might take a while to get him knotted, but Dean would be damned if Cas wasn't gonna enjoy this as much as possible in the meantime. He might not be a professional, but Dean had had a lot of sex in his life, and he would use every trick he'd ever learned to make Cas's first time what it should be.
Cas was sitting up in bed, but he wasn't reading or doing anything. He was just staring around the room as though trying to memorize every detail. His borrowed pajamas were a little too big on him which emphasized how skinny he was. He'd admitted to Dean that before the clinic he'd been alternately stealing and begging to get by, and while he was in heat his body had burned up every calorie he consumed. Dean decided that tomorrow he would make a big breakfast. Eggs and bacon
He caught the reassuring scent of coffee and woodsmoke a moment before Dean crouched down beside him, laying a warm hand on his back. It was a neutral, friendly touch, not overly intimate. They had agreed to keep their relationship discrete while they were posing as FBI agents, a decision that Castiel was now deeply regretting. His inner omega wanted to cuddle into Dean, surround himself with his alpha's strong arms and the comfort of their mingled scents. He could almost believe that that would be enough to keep him safe from the monster that was stalking this town.
They settled in with some old rom-com, but Castiel quickly lost the thread of the plot. He seemed to be very bad at watching movies with Dean. He always got distracted by something. Usually it was Dean, but this time, it was the unspoken other half of the story sitting in his chest like a stone. He had come very close to telling Dean everything the day Claire got sent home for fighting, but in the end he had wanted to make love more than he had wanted to talk, and afterward he had been reluctant to ruin the post-coital bliss. Now though…
They had agreed to sleep in separate rooms for the time being. Firstly because their bodies might not recover at the same speed, and this way no one would feel pressured to take care of anyone else's needs before they were ready. And secondly, a little distance would help the pseudo mating bond that formed between an alpha and an omega during a heat cycle to fade faster which would make it easier for Dean to keep his territorial instincts in check.
“So one day, I guess I was bored, and I pulled a random book off the shelf and started reading. Turned out it was
"But then I got to know her," Dean continued in a more serious tone, "and not only is she absolutely perfect for Sam, she's also the perfect addition to this family. Our family is … Well, it's weird, and hardly any of us are actually related by blood, but as Bobby likes to say, family don't end with blood. A family is a bunch of people who look out for each other, who love and accept each other unconditionally, and Jess has been doing that since day one. Not just for Sam, but for all of us."
“I don’t know. I just … I didn’t want to make a big deal out of it until I was sure that it was … you know.” Dean’s eyes darted away shyly, and a pink tinge crept into his cheeks. “Serious,” he finished so quietly that Sam almost missed it.
Dean paused in cutting up tomatoes for bacon sandwiches. Cas was still frowning at his tablet, apparently unaware that he’d said anything odd, so Dean prompted, “Gabriel has a private
"No, it's fine." Jimmy had always called him that, and maybe the reminder should have hurt, but it didn't. Quite the opposite. It eased the ache of loss, made him feel almost like a whole person again instead of a pile of jagged edged fragments.
Dean attempted it and almost tipped over on top of Cas. Cas caught him and guided him gently onto the bed where he removed the rest of Dean's clothes.
"Yes, in a way." She looked down at her baby, and a soft smile of pure love curved her lips. "She's my job now. I don't want to miss a second of this. Her name is Rose Marie. I wanted to name her Rosemary, but Josh thought it was too old fashioned, so we compromised, and we probably would have ended up calling her Rosie anyway."
"No, no, no, no." Dean tripped over his words as he rushed to explain and soothe Cas's fears. "I still want to have sex with you, but I want you … I mean I want us to be
He stood so abruptly that he banged his shin of the corner of the coffee table. "I, uh… it… it's been a long day," he stammered. "I think I'm gonna go to bed." He turned and fled before Michael could reply.
Dean tensed, but only a little, and the animal wariness that always came into his eyes when he thought Castiel was about to get mad at him was far less pronounced than it would have been a month ago. Castiel was glad to see that Dean was growing more confident in their relationship, trusting that even when they disagreed, they could talk things out without it turning into a fight.
Dean relaxed somewhat and started to lean his forehead against Cas's, but he remembered the wound and quickly pulled back again. "I know," he said, stroking Cas's cheek instead. "It's just … I've only ever told one guy, and he … He thought it was weird. Hell, it
Dean honestly had no idea if that was supposed to be a joke or if stoned Cas was just as literal minded as regular Cas, but it gave him an idea. "Maybe one day we'll try it the other way around."
Jodi gave him the warmest, most motherly hug he'd experienced since his own mother was alive to hug him, and said, "Welcome to the family," with such sincerity that he had to blink away tears.
Watching Dean take clothes from his drawer in Castiel's dresser almost made up for the fact that he was covering up all that gorgeous, golden, freckled skin. Castiel really wanted to just ask him to officially move in already, but it was probably too soon for that. He knew Dean was enjoying sharing an apartment with Sam after eight years separated by prison bars, so he had offered up space in his closet instead which Dean had happily accepted.
Cas abruptly pulled away from Dean, balling himself up again, his expression closed off. "That's not what I'm afraid of."
Dean looked at him and suddenly smiled, the same charming yet sincere smile he had given when he handed Castiel the final decision on whether or not he would stay. "No, I already told you. I came here for the privilege of working with the great Castiel Novak." Again there wasn't a trace of sarcasm in the words.
His last thought before he fell back to sleep was that even if it had been real, he would have made the exact same choice, and he would never regret it.
It was incredible what a difference a good cry could make. When he ran out of tears, Castiel felt exhausted, wrung out. His throat hurt, and his eyes itched, and his mouth somehow felt dry and sticky at the same time. But he also felt clear headed and rational again. He lifted his head from Dean's shoulder and looked the alpha in the eye. "What are we now, Dean?" he asked. "Are we still friends?"
Another perfect opportunity. They were looking into each other's eyes, the world was still and quiet, and it felt like nothing existed but the two of them.
In his small kitchen at home, he would have had to bake the pies in batches of two, which would take hours, but with access to multiple industrial ovens he could do them all at the same time. Before long he had six beautiful pies lined up on the cooling rack, curls of steam wafting from the heart shaped holes cut in their perfectly golden top crusts. He was just stepping back to admire his handiwork when a rough voice behind him said, "Oh, Cas, you didn't."
Hannah was awake and already making coffee, which saved Dean from the awkwardness of rummaging through a stranger's kitchen cabinets. His stomach did a little flip as he remembered the events of last night and wondered how much Michael had told her about their conversation, but she greeted him with a pleasant smile and a "Merry Christmas".
"You wanna see the ormanent I made in playgroup?" asked Jack who had trailed after the two adult alphas like a puppy.
I apologize for the unannounced hiatus. I haven't been having a great month, and mental health needs to come before fanfictioning. Updates might be irregular for a while, but I promise I am not giving up on this story. I will finish it come hell or high water. It just might take me a little longer than usual.
They stopped talking after that and focused on feeling. Even after nearly a month, Castiel still couldn't get over how good the sex was. It didn't matter who topped who or if they even bothered with the whole complicated process of penetration at all. Every damn time was mind blowing, spine melting, forget-how-to-say-anything-except-each-other's-names amazing. This time they came at almost the exact same instant, their mouths sealed together, swallowing each other's moans of ecstasy.
A strong, calloused hand wrapped around the back of his neck, and he could feel the vibrations of Dean’s voice in his own chest when the other man growled, “Just fucking kiss me already.”
"When I was in college," Sam started, "I met this girl. Jessica. She was …" His face got a look halfway between joy and pain. "She was perfect. Gorgeous, kind, smart, and for some bizarre reason, into me. I fell so hard and fast, and I never looked back."
The panties felt fucking amazing, tight and warm and wet, almost like being inside Dean. "Now," Cas said, climbing back onto the bed and straddling Dean's chest, "I want you to suck me until I come. I want you to taste me and you at the same time. Together."
He definitely hadn’t been in love with his drunken one night stand. He didn’t even know the guy’s name. Aaron had been a rebound after Benny. And Benny … He had loved Benny, and Benny had loved him, but it wasn’t the kind of love you could build a future on, and he was just starting to figure that out when Benny died.
“My condition. The damage to my ear. It wasn’t an accident. My stepmother hit me with a cast iron frying pan when I was ten.”
Castiel turned to face Dean, then looked left out of the corner of his eye. There was a scruffy man in a leather jacket standing by a rack of boots, but he wasn't paying Dean and Castiel any attention. "What makes you think he's following us?"
“You don’t have to stay,” he said. “I understand if … if you don’t want to.” He sounded so sad and resigned that it made Dean physically hurt.
Castiel buried his face in Dean's stomach with a groan. "Christ, Dean, do you have any idea how hot that is?"
Dean's eyebrows rose and a small, bemused smile quirked his lips. "Yeah," he said, drawing out the word a little. "If they both want to."
magazines in search of inspiration. Naomi had decided it was time to revamp the restaurant's menu, and he needed to come up with a list of recipes that were "original and unexpected" but also in keeping with
He could feel the words, not just humming along his skin where Dean's lips were pressed to his neck, but also resonating in his heart and soul. He turned in the circle of Dean's arms and caught his lips in a kiss. He meant it to be short and sweet, but as usual they got lost in each other, and the next time Castiel opened his eyes, the edge of the counter was pressing into the small of his back, and Dean was wedged between his invitingly spread legs.
Charlie looked a little taken aback too, but she shrugged it off quickly and said, "So where's this Commodore 64 of yours?"
Dean tilted his head so that it rested against Castiel's. "I know. I don't want to hurt you either. I'm sorry if I sounded pushy. I had a really good time today, and I want to do it again soon even if the next time doesn't end with sex either. I don't want you to think I'm just spending time with you to get in your pants."
"I love you too." Dean laid his head on Cas's chest, listening to his heartbeat. "I'm sorry I hid this from you for so long."
When Cas got to Pam’s, Dean was already there, sitting in a booth in the back corner, the most private spot in the restaurant. He waved Cas over with a smile, and Cas thought yet again that Dean Winchester might be the most beautiful human being on the planet. His smile just lit up his whole face, and those eyes …
Soon, Cas smelled clean and verdant again, like a rain washed forest, but he made no attempt to leave Dean's arms, and Dean definitely wasn't going to tell him to. He secretly liked cuddling even more than sex, and cuddling with Cas was better than sex and pie put togeth-
He was rewarded with the most brilliant smile he'd gotten out of her yet. Then she abruptly stopped walking, pulled her hand out of his, and dug in her pocket for her notepad and pencil. She'd taken to carrying them everywhere with her, but she still only used writing when she had a question she couldn't figure out how to mime. Such as,
Dean couldn't argue with that, so he just groaned defeatedly and let his head flop back against Cas's chest.
But no sooner was the creme brulee finished and delivered, then Alfie the dishwasher bumped into one of the waiters, and a lobster destined for table two ended up on the kitchen floor. The boy apologized so profusely and frantically that Castiel didn't have the heart to get mad and just told him to clean up the mess and be more careful in the future, but a fresh lobster had to be prepared of course which held up several other orders, and then table nine ordered the quail. Apart from himself, his sous chef Anna was the only member of his staff Castiel trusted to cook the delicate bird without ruining it, and she was currently in the bathroom for what seemed like the twentieth time that night. He couldn't really be annoyed with her either. Only a complete asshole would resent an eight months pregnant woman for needing to pee, and Castiel was really a very nice person if a bit of a perfectionist.
Dean spent the first part of his Saturday washing and prettying up his Baby so she could make a good impression on Cas. He didn’t consciously think of it as a test, but the genuine admiration on Cas’s face when he saw the car for the first time definitely made Dean lo— like the man a little more.
The next morning in Dean's big bed, Castiel watched the sunlight paint his lover's face in shades of gold and felt like the most fortunate being in the universe.
"Hannah too?" Dean was surprised, but he pushed it aside to wrap his arms around Cas and card his fingers through the omega's soft hair. "Well… we could talk to Sam. I know you wanted to avoid going that route, but if it's your only option…"
Dean sighed, suddenly feeling exhausted and just wanting this whole stupid, pointless ritual over with. He took John's gift from the bag and dropped it unceremoniously in the man's lap with a more than slightly bitter, "Merry Christmas, Dad."
Dean groaned with relief and pressed his forehead against Castiel's. "God, that's good. Fuck, baby. Love the way you touch me."
. He hated that look, and he hated the way they sometimes talked to him after that, like he was stupid or dangerous or both. In the bunker with his odd little patchwork family, he never had to worry about that.
He took a deep breath and reminded himself that he had a child at home. He could not afford to get arrested for murder. "Naomi," he began as calmly as he could.
On January twenty-fourth Castiel woke up before Dean for once. He quickly turned off the alarm he had set the night before to ensure this would be the case and rolled over to look at his sleeping lover. Since Dean was a natural early riser and Castiel was decidedly not, this was the first time he'd gotten to see Dean like this. In sleep all the worries Dean carried faded away, and so did the mask of devil-may-care charm he used to hide his insecurities. He was purely and unguardedly himself just as he was when they made love. It was so breathtaking that Castiel briefly considered setting an early alarm every day just so he could watch Dean sleep, but he knew he wouldn't actually do it. Today was a special occasion.
"No." His mouth felt sticky and strange. He couldn't remember the last time he'd cried that hard. Maybe after he broke up with Bart, but that had been a quiet, reflexive sort of sadness that had more to do with wasting two years of his life on a man who would never love anything as much as he loved the sound of his own voice, and once he'd gone through the usual post break up rituals — cry, eat comfort food, burn all the cheating bastard's stuff — he'd felt better. He didn't feel better now. He felt like Dean's arms were the only thing keeping him together and without them he'd shatter into a million screaming pieces.
Castiel relaxed. "No, but he stays over fairly often since I can't leave Claire alone. Claire likes him. He's very good with her." He couldn't help the goofy little smile that took over his face whenever he talked about Dean. Thankfully Dr. Bradbury was too professional to mention it, but the twinkle in her eyes said it was very obvious just how head over heels in love he was.
man's presence. Dean's hands and mouth on every inch of him, claiming him and worshiping him, making him feel good and right and not alone.
"I saw. It's beautiful, and I bet it tastes as good as it looks." He ruffled her hair and gave Dean a good morning kiss. "Mmm. Speaking of things that taste as good as they look," he murmured as they parted.
"Pretty much. Cas… I don't think he has any plans to give you custody of Jack whether you're mated or not. He's just stalling."
Also, Claire is the name of Cas's cat. I only mentioned her once before and one of my beta readers got confused, so I thought I should remind you.
Dean Winchester was no coward. He faced down literal monsters out of nightmare on a daily basis. His life had basically been one long horror movie since he was four years old. Safe to say it took a lot to really scare him. But confessing his feelings to Cas? Yeah,
Dean was pretty exhausted too, but he forced himself to stay awake until his knot went down, and then he very carefully pulled out of Cas. The omega whimpered a little but didn't wake up. Dean tied off the condom and tossed it in the trash, then padded to the adjoining bathroom where he found a pack of wet wipes already laid out on the counter. There was also gauze, disinfectant, muscle rub, massage oil, scented bubble bath, and a bathtub and shower both big enough for two. Dean started to wonder how expensive this place was and how they were going to get away with not paying the bill, but they had several more days before they had to worry about that. Speaking of which …
“Yeah,” Gabriel said, and for a moment he let the devil-may-care mask fall away, his true self showing through, raw and fragile and a much better person than most people realized. “Yeah, me too.” Then he reached his quota of emotional vulnerability for the time being and shrugged off Cas’s hand. “But enough about me. You were about to tell me if your supermodel grease monkey boyfriend is any good between the sheets.”
"No, of course not. That's not what I meant. I just thought if we could prove they had an ulterior motive for wanting to keep Jack, that it has nothing to do with what's in
Sam laughed and went to get the first aid kit while Kevin said he would rustle up some cookies and juice to bring Cas's blood sugar back up. As soon as they were gone Cas's smile became a grimace of pain.
to come. His vision whited out as he finally allowed himself the blessed relief of spilling inside Dean.
Again Dean just nodded like an idiot. Five years he'd been dreaming of saying the words out loud, and now he couldn't remember how talking worked. Fortunately for him, Cas had better uses for Dean's mouth.
Dean laughed. Then he gently coaxed Cas onto his back and, holding himself carefully so that none of his weight was on Cas's ribs, kissed the omega breathless. The way their scents mingled, happiness and contentment and a faint thread of arousal, made Dean a little lightheaded too. It wasn't a fairy tale, but it was pretty damn perfect.
Before he started on the filling, he checked his phone which had dinged while his hands were floured. Dean had sent him a picture of Claire standing on the steps of the school and smiling sweetly at the camera, followed by the words,
"Quite understandable," Castiel said smugly. "Which is why we're going to save that for another time." He was long past worrying about assumptions. They both knew that one time wouldn't be enough. He placed one last kiss on Dean's stomach, right beside his wet cock, then stood up and reached for the collar of his own shirt, preparing to pull it over his head.
He sighed and got out of bed to kneel in front of her. "Claire," he said, looking into her blue eyes, so much like Jimmy's and therefore like Castiel's own eyes. People would probably assume she was his daughter if they didn't know otherwise. "Claire, did Josie or her friend hurt you?"
He definitely remembered the make up sex, but after that it was a blank. Had he fallen asleep? Was it possible that someone had abducted him from his bed without waking his mate? Not likely. Dean had the combined reflexes of a hunter and a newly mated alpha whose protective instincts were still in overdrive. (Hence the argument.) Unless … Unless whoever had taken him had killed Dean first. His hand flew to the scar on his neck as though it could tell him whether or not his mate was alive and searching for him, but the bite wasn't magic. All it did was mark him as off limits to other alphas and ensure that his body would only desire Dean just as Dean would only want him as long as they both lived.
"That you've learned something a lot of parents never figure out. Kids ain't supposed to be well behaved all the time. They're not little angels. They're human beings with feelings and opinions." She reached up and patted his cheek, and even though he usually didn't like to be touched by strangers, this felt as natural as if she was his own grandmother. "She'll come back to herself eventually, sugar, and when she does, you remember to thank the Lord for every sulk and every slammed door."
Dr. Bradbury was not what Castiel expected. For one thing she wore a t-shirt with Bugs Bunny on it. "It makes the kids more comfortable," she explained when she saw his bemused look. "Business casual just screams 'judgey adult who is reporting everything I say back to my parents'." Then she added with a conspiratorial wink, "Besides, I'm the boss, so I set the dress code, and I really like this shirt."
"Like a balloon that needs to pee every ten minutes, but it's almost over, and then comes the fun part."
"This is my fault." It was barely more than a whisper, but the words felt like ground glass in his throat, like he had been screaming them for hours or days. While he was safe and warm in Dean's arms every night, his brothers and sisters were wandering the world, lost and hurt and angry, a danger to themselves and every human who crossed their path. What right did he have to be happy while others suffered for his mistakes?
For the next several minutes, Castiel made it his mission to take Dean apart as thoroughly as possible while quietly plotting his revenge. By the time he had worked up to three fingers, Dean was a needy, writhing mess, panting, "Fuck, fuck, fuck," over and over.
Dean blew the air out between his lips, and Castiel steadfastly ignored the giddy rush he got from the alpha obeying him so readily.
"Yes," Cas said, the genuine pride in Dean's voice filling his chest with warmth. "It's not enough to allow me to do it full time yet, but I'm getting there. I figure when I have to start turning away clients because I don't have enough free time, then it'll make sense to quit my day job."
She put a tea bag in a mug and poured water from her electric kettle. "So," she said, handing him the steaming cup and sitting beside him. "You and Dean."
The ghost of a smile twitched Dean's lips. "Never mind. It's not even an accurate metaphor. Even Pollyanna was human. She must have had a bad day once in a while. We gotta figure out what poor bastard this Rit Zien is possessing before he puts the whole damn town out of its normal human misery."
He wasn't sure of that yet, but the way Dean looked at him while they were making love, the way he held him when Castiel was breaking down and didn't even ask why, the secrets they'd shared … This
They cuddled in silence for a few minutes while the tea steeped. Castiel's lips traveled slowly up and down Dean's neck, leaving a trail of chaste little kisses, and Dean stroked Castiel's arms where they rested snugly around his waist. It wasn't foreplay. They were just soaking up the comfort of each other's presence at the end of a long day.
