Suddenly, Watson dropped his head down into his hands with a shuddering sigh. I had been silent too long, and he of all people knew the workings of my mind.
His hands moved up, fretfully seizing fistfuls of his golden hair.  “The whole of the truth is that had I been able to choose which of the three of you I could have returned to me from death, oh, Holmes, it would always have been you."
Water was being poured over my head, through my hair, when suddenly I felt the panic of being near to drowning in the freezing river and thrashed to get to the surface, to safety.  Strong arms, so very warm, held me up, free of the water.
“Best get you home before you catch your death,” he muttered.  “Hell to pay for me if I let anything happen to you.”  He shouted something – I know not what – to his men, then bundled me into a cab that had seemingly materialized out of nowhere.
“You had such a look on your face just now,” Holmes said, looking at me with a smile on his lips and inquiry in his eyes. “Whatever was going through your mind?”
Evidently, what I did instead was to fall into a completely humiliating swoon there on my own front doorstep, leaving my two friends to see to getting my useless carcass up the seventeen stairs to our flat.
“Oh, love,” Holmes gasped between paroxysms of merriment, “I’m so terribly sorry if I’ve offended you.”
I was unable to go on, at least for a moment.  Other than Mary’s own attending physician and his nurse, no one else knew about the events that led to my wife’s sad demise, and this was the first time that I had tried to explain it to anyone else.
What he was going to tell me that he wanted remains a mystery to this day, as I was utterly unable to allow him to continue.  I took that beautifully chiseled jaw into the palm of my hand and guided his perfect lips to my own. Not possessing his eloquence, I allowed my kisses to show him that there was nothing he could ever ask for that I would be unwilling to provide.
Mycroft’s significantly taller frame folded into the armchair was in marked contrast to Watson’s the night before.  “Honestly, I don’t know how you get yourself into some of these scrapes.”
An oddly detached part of my mind made a note that at a later time, I would need to do some research as to the physiological reactions that were currently making me feel as though my blood had turned to ice and was jangling terrifyingly through my veins.  Watson might know; perhaps I could ask him.
Fortunately for me, my maternal grandmother’s brother had been the painter Horace Vernet, and she had been a gifted painter in her own right.  She had seen a glimmer of talent in me as a child, and undertook to train me extensively in the art of painting and portraiture so as to allow the “family gift,” as she called it, to be passed on to a younger generation.  But again, I digress.
“I don’t know if you’ve known any other veterans of the Afghan campaign, but unfortunately relapses of this fever aren’t uncommon among them.”
“But, your ‘untenable situation’ from before your marriage -- how did you resolve that?”
The next few hours passed in a strange patchwork of jumbled impressions.  Looking back, I can say that I was only occasionally aware of my surroundings throughout the night, though I had the certainty that I was safe wherever I was, as I could sense that Watson was nearby at all times.
Watson was not a case, not a puzzle. He was my dearest friend, and tonight he needed me, whether or not he would admit it.
It occurred to me at that moment that, for all that I had been poking fun at them (and would doubtless continue to do so), I clearly owed both these men a debt of gratitude.
~o0o~
I didn’t need to express the rest of that thought to Holmes; Mary and the prospect of our baby had been the only slender threads that had kept me going through my time of mourning after what I had thought was his death.  Mary’s death and the loss of that hope, that future, had left me as truly despondent as I had been at any time in my life.
I was able to reach up and grasp my friend’s hand; it was so very warm.  “Watson,” I began, thinking to reassure him of my well-being.
Holmes’ hand moved down my arm to clasp my own hand; it was almost as though he was trying to transfer some of his own strength to me, and it was profoundly comforting.
He had been trying to save Watson, and I, selfish fool that I was, would not permit it.
I was feeling rather as though I were being buffeted by a veritable hurricane of mixed emotions at the moment -- and I’m not proud to admit that one of those was just a tiny bit of triumph at having fooled the great Sherlock Holmes for once in his life.
There was a long pause, during which my ear became trained to listen to the ticking of the clock on the drawing room mantle.  It was running a bit slowly; I would need to wind it in the morning.
I will, however, cherish the solution of this particular case for as long as I live.
Had he then been in love… with a
“It was within a few weeks of her due date  -- we were waiting with great anticipation and had gathered all the fanciful little odds and ends that new parents like to have for their babies -- when Mary suddenly became deathly ill.  She began to swell up most fearfully, her face and limbs bloating so severely that she was in abject misery, and finally she began to experience violent seizures. It was, unfortunately, a fatal condition. There was nothing, nothing that could be done to give her any relief.”
John Watson — would think to compare himself to a drab little sparrow.  I was ready at that very moment to leap off of my bed, chase down the unmitigated idiot who somehow continued to spurn Watson’s love, and... and demand satisfaction.  Somehow.
I was taken by surprise as he stopped, taking my hand with great tenderness in both of his own, and looked at me so seriously and so very kindly with eyes that were the same deep blue as the early morning sky.
“What has happened?  How have you been hurt?”  His voice was hoarse and urgent, and I wished to reassure him as quickly as possible that I was in fact quite well.
“I’m not at all certain that I’ll be able to explain this in a way that you can understand, old boy, as I know that you eschew matters of the heart whenever possible.”
Some minutes later, both men reappeared into the sitting room and walked over to my little nest on the settee.  They were glaring wordlessly at one another, but moved in concert to help me sit up as they began to remove my sodden garments.  I stood, dazed, as they worked silently to strip me nearly bare and guided me toward the steaming bathtub.
Lestrade had begun pacing back and forth as he spoke, becoming more agitated with each sentence.  Finally, Mycroft stopped him with a hand on the shoulder and a long, significant look.
If I hadn’t known better.  Of course I had deceived him, and betrayed him, and hurt him.  Dear God, he’d loved me, and I hadn’t even
“Tell me,” I whispered.  “Tell me what I don’t know.”
An incandescent fury began to burn in my chest at the thought of a universe in which John Watson — magnificent, beautiful, courageous,
, in angry, remonstrative tones, and Watson was replying in kind.  Their actual words were lost to me due both to the sound of the water and my own admittedly diminished perception.
“When we parted this morning, you gave me your word you would not ask more of me.”  Those keen silver eyes were dimmed with the beginning sheen of tears. “I am here now to beg you to break your word, John Watson. You gave me a promise I would never have required of you; I want you to ask
Just then, as if it had heard itself being discussed, a sparrow began to twitter in the branches of the plane tree outside my window as the first tender rays of sunlight teased their way through the houses on Baker Street.  Watson rose then to look out the window, gathering his dressing gown as he went. He gave the unwitting little bird a heartbreakingly beautiful smile before turning to leave my room.
Of course, it will be the work of far more than a morning to express to John Watson all of the regret, the profound sorrow, I have for the indescribable pain that he suffered for the sake of loving me. That he has continued to love me after everything I put him through is nothing short of astonishing, and certainly more than I deserved from him.
I laughed softly.  “It’s just that this --” I gestured between us with a wave of my hand “-- this feels holy, somehow.”
Impulsively, I started to tell him that there was literally nothing he could have done, said, or thought that would ever be unforgivable to me; he preempted my interruption with the softest fleeting pressure of his fingertips against my lips.
With a shuddering breath, Watson continued.  “Can you imagine how I felt when I learned that you weren’t truly dead, that you had come home?  My prayers, my prayers that I thought could never possibly be answered… and yet they were, and you had come back.  Holmes, I was overjoyed -- and at the same time, I felt like a murderer.”
“Holmes --”
“As you prescribe, Dr. Holmes,” he said with an ironic bow of his head, “I’ll see myself off to bed now.”
Lestrade alit from the cab first, pulling me out after him with a gentleness that vaguely surprised me.
Then he was trying to stand, and allowed me to pull him to his feet before he shuffled unsteadily toward the steep, narrow stairs that led up to his bedroom.
“I’ve got him from here, Lestrade,” murmured Watson. “For God’s sake, go home and go to bed.”
They were… arguing?  It seemed to be the case; Lestrade was speaking,
I knew Lestrade to be nearby, but I would have to count on his not unremarkable powers of observation for him to realize that I was not where I was supposed to be and come to the appropriate conclusions before “Big Morty” did significant damage.
I had to hear from my brother, who had observed where I had been blind, about the depth of Watson’s feelings for me, and how longstanding those feelings had been.  It was Mycroft, of all people, who told me that the realization that his tender feelings were not – could never be – requited had led to Watson moving on, finding a wife, and leaving me before I broke his heart.
I was left without even the breath -- much less the words -- to give him an answer.
The worst of the illness had passed for Watson, and may have been less virulent for his having already contracted influenza earlier in the year, but he was still far from entirely well. The creases in his clothing indicated to me that this night was the first time that he had been back to our home at Baker Street since before I had departed for Coventry sixteen days previously.
But Watson was still speaking. “You see, Holmes, I think I have at least as much sense as a common English sparrow.  If I’ve gained no other knowledge over the past few years, at least I’ve learned that life doesn’t have to be perfect in order for it to be very, very good indeed -- and that there are some gifts that can’t be given, and shouldn’t be asked for.”
“As you might imagine, our son did not long survive after the doctor removed him from his mother’s body.”  I felt hot tears begin to fall, and for once I was unashamed of them.  “He was a bonny little boy, Holmes, and I got to hold him for the few minutes that he lived.”
“Mary’s doctor is a very forward-thinking man, and had asked me when we first realized that her illness would likely prove fatal whether I would be willing for him to try to rescue the child when Mary had passed.  It was a horrifying, gruesome conversation to have -- but I agreed to the procedure, knowing that Mary would have wanted our baby to have every chance at life even if hers was lost.”
Thanks to my grandmother’s efforts, I was able to infiltrate the odd little ring of faux artists myself.  I had even managed to produce a creditable reproduction of a minor Carracci work, and thus was able to avoid drawing unfavorable attention to myself in the busy little studio.
Presently, I could hear the sounds of the bathtub being filled, and the distant voices of Watson and Lestrade.
He squeezed my hand in return. “Hush, now, Holmes.  You’ve been through a bit of a shock, and nearly drowned on top of it.  And if I have my guess,” he looked accusingly at my pale face and the dark circles that were doubtless beneath my eyes, “you’ll have been many days without sleep and barely any sustenance.”
Moreover, he was a good deal quieter now than when we had lived together before; where in the past I would sometimes find his seemingly endless good-natured conversation to be almost tiresome, these days I might go an entire afternoon and evening without hearing a dozen words out of him.  And while I had been able to read new stories from him during my hiatus – he had gone back into our files and found any number of obscure cases to write about – lately his pen had lain idle on his writing desk.
I laughed despite myself; I should have known better than to have expected Watson to simply fall swooning into my arms like some maiden in a penny novel.  I owed the man… well, I owed him any number of things, and he would have them.  Explanations, apologies, all of them.
I kept circling back in my mind to the one question that would not go away.
“He’s had a relapse of his fever, he wouldn’t tell anyone, he’s been trying to work through it for two days.  Last night, he was burning up and so ill he could barely stand – and then somehow, God only knows how, he put it all aside to care for you.  And now… now he’s paying for it.  He’s a fool.”
After all, I suppose it goes without saying that ours has never been a conventional friendship, Watson’s and mine.
I covered my eyes with my free hand, nearly overwhelmed.  “The only thing my son knew in his life was to be held in his father’s arms, and the only sight his eyes ever saw was my face.  He only knew his mama when he was wrapped in a blanket and buried in her arms.”
"And please, please believe me when I say to you that as long as you don’t mind having me here as your friend, your Boswell, your conductor of light, or,” he shrugged, “maybe just your damn sparrow -- I promise I’ll not ask for more from you.  You have my word.”
Watson was looking up at me then for just the briefest of moments, trying to smile as he recounted Gregson’s attempt at humor. The pain in those ever-expressive dark blue eyes clearly had nothing to do with his physical exhaustion, but I was unwilling to add to his discomfort by asking prying questions; he would tell me about his trials later on, or he would not.
My ham-handed dig at the incompetence of the Yard was an ongoing private joke of ours, and it had its intended effect as Watson relaxed almost imperceptibly and let out a quiet laugh.
Apologies, even (perhaps especially) those that I know to be the most necessary, do not come easily to me.  Admitting that I had been in the wrong — worse still, admitting that I had failed to observe and understand — was nigh onto impossible, for all that it was also vitally important.  Having my beloved doctor tucked warmly against my heart made it just that little bit easier to begin to tell him all the things he so badly needed to hear.
Edward Griffith had quietly taken over a modest London art dealership from the elderly gentleman who had been the original proprietor – and who had not been heard from since then, with Griffith reporting that Mr. Hollingsworth had planned to visit relatives in Scotland.
As might be imagined, I have found other ways to show Watson my love for him as well, of course – but those may be slightly too, shall we say,
The doctor shook his head sadly. “Lord knows that the fever itself killed more good men than the enemy did, so Watson knows enough to be grateful he was spared.  I’ve given him some quinine, and left more for him to take every four hours until the fever passes.  The worst should be over in the next day or two, and with luck he’s on the mend after that.”
~o0o~
I knew that wasn’t possible, and that wasn’t remotely how things had actually come to pass.  But the guilt remained.”
And the truth comes out.
“It’s rather a moot point, Holmes. At any rate, I have made my peace with the situation.” The sound of forced cheerfulness in his voice let me know that Watson was working hard now to sound calm and philosophical.  “After all, we can’t have everything we want in life, can we?"
I wanted to vomit.
“Watson.”  Holmes’ voice was quiet, but urgent.  “Please forgive me for prying, but…” he shook his head, seeming momentarily to be at a loss for words.  “When I arrived back at home tonight, it was clear to me that you’ve only recently recovered from a bout of influenza, and that you’ve been denying yourself sufficient rest or food.”
I began to understand how frustrating it must feel for him to try to persuade me to see to my own care in similar circumstances.
In all our years of close association and friendship, Holmes had never used my Christian name, and I could not imagine why he was doing so now.  I could scarcely breathe for wondering what would come next.
“I had great affection and esteem for Mary, as I believe she did for me.  But ours was not a marriage of fervent passion; she was not in love with me, nor was I with her.  She married me because the expectations of polite society and her own financial situation would not allow her to live the independent life she would have preferred.  And I… I married her because I had already lost my heart to someone who could not return my love; it was rapidly becoming an untenable situation for me, and I had to remove myself from the temptation to say or do something that would have been at best humiliating, and at worst illegal.”
I was, therefore, in what my dear Watson would pawkily refer to as “a fine frame of mind” when my train from Coventry finally arrived at Waterloo station. By the time the hansom cab had dropped me off at our front door, it was only my consideration for the good doctor and our preternaturally patient landlady that stopped me from stomping up the stairs in my frustration with the outcome of my case. It was, after all, well past the time that respectable citizens had retired to their beds -- and while Mrs. Hudson was fortunately very hard of hearing, I certainly had no wish to disrupt Watson’s well-earned rest with my own stroppy behavior. He and I would have time to greet one another and share any news over breakfast tomorrow.
when it was I who was meant to be comforting
Like a flash of lightning, realization struck me; it was utterly unthinkable that Watson would have to climb up to his little garret room tonight. I would have none of it, and told him so in no uncertain terms.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Watson --”
Disconcerting or no, now that I understood his heart (and my own, of course) more fully, I had no intention of letting him go – and so I told him.
It was only then that it occurred to me that he had only arrived home at the same late hour as Lestrade and myself.  “I shudder to think, Dr. Watson, how long it’s been since you’ve seen your own bed.”
Perhaps Watson, with his warm heart and persuasive manner, could have convinced Lady M to change her mind, but Watson had been unable to accompany me into the Midlands due to a frightful epidemic of influenza in London. I had felt his absence keenly during the two weeks I had been away from London; in truth, it seemed that I missed Watson’s calm presence at my side even more these days whenever we had to be apart than I had done during my long absence after the unfortunate events at the Reichenbach Falls. He had returned to 221B Baker Street not long after my return to the land of the living, but on this particular night, knowing he was under my roof and I was not made me even more distressed.
I hoped that I was not to be called upon to speak, because that power had temporarily left me. I had to remind myself to inhale.
However, it may end up being 4 chapters long instead of only three?  I'm going to have to see how the rest of the story ends up breaking itself apart.  But yes, yes, to the (non-graphic) slash, and YES to the happy ending.  Promise.
, a stray thought teased at the edge of my consciousness.)
But I hadn’t asked – indeed, I hadn’t seen Watson in over a week.  A flash of guilt brought home to me that he had no idea where I was unless Lestrade had told him – and that, if the gentleman currently trying to crush my windpipe had his way, my friend might never see me alive again.
Within a few minutes, I had indeed dressed and made my way out into the sitting room.  I was not at all surprised to see Lestrade awaiting us there – I was, however, surprised not to see Watson with him.  Then I heard his bedroom door open, and looked to the stairs to greet my friend…
“Two things, Sherlock Holmes,” he said in a voice that was slightly hoarse from disuse – but so very welcome to my ears all the same.  “One – I don’t much care for being in your arms without damn well knowing why I’m there.  And two – if I don’t take care of a matter of some urgency immediately, we’ll both regret it.”
“When you died is when I realized I’d loved you all along,” John says simply, finding his breath. He’s using one hand to prop himself up so he can look into Sherlock’s eyes- light blue, hazy and entirely transparent with affection. The words flow with ease, lighter than he’d ever expected. “I asked you not to be dead, and swore that I’d tell you if I ever got the chance.”
Was killing John a mission Mary had received, or an impulsive act, sprung from the impossibility to be with the one she loved? Was death a better alternative to love? You don’t know, and of course, the audience doesn’t know either. John would tell you that you’re being dramatic, but he is only an absent attendant to the trial, a portrait of neutrality as he speaks.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, his warm breath dangerously close to John’s ear, doing things that John would rather not think about, not yet.
`The brachialis you draw is not in a natural position. It looks different when your elbow is flexed,’ he murmurs, pointing out the faulty drawing. ‘Work on that.’
The way he looks at you, with barely hidden pity and that quiet sadness in his eyes- he might be hiding hurricanes beneath that blue, and you’ve always wondered how deep his waters run. Somehow, you’d prefer if they were nothing more than they give, calculated calm and precision. As you were foolish enough to think back then, when you’d have imagined anything else about Sherlock Holmes besides him hiding drugs in his apartment, yet you were proven wrong. Sometimes you really wish it were that simple. You wish you were that simple.
He thinks of Sherlock almost dying for him. He thinks of his hand on the back of John’s neck, the quiet comfort of him holding space like no one else had before, then he thinks no more.
‘What are you doing here?’ he asks, turning the paper face down with alarmed speed.
‘Welcome home, John,’ you say, leaning down to kiss him.
“Yeah, stop talking now, Sherlock?” John says in a light tone, making his way towards the kitchen. “I was thinking we could do that. If you wanted to,” he adds rapidly. “Playdough. You could show her how it interacts with… whatever you’ve got in here,” he says, pointing towards the warzone that is Sherlock’s chemistry-lab kitchen. “As long as nothing blows up and, you know, you don’t irreparably alter the health of my daughter.”
For the first time, John can’t snark back at him, reassert his boundaries, mock him.
‘Do you believe that there is a purpose to all of this?’ Sherlock asks while they are lying down, faces towards the sky.
“I trusted you since the day you killed a man for me with no second thoughts,” Sherlock breathes against his scar, his neck, his lips, as if he knows that this, exactly, is what John needs to hear. “I know who you are, and I want all of it.”
‘Why’d you do that?’ John asks, bandaging one of your wrists.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies immediately. His expression is guarded, but not unkind. Even though he keeps his hands clasped behind his back, a picture of quiet politeness, the stubble makes him look older and brings his chaos into full view.
The word feels like lead in his mouth, but he keeps saying it, if only for the sake of consistency. “See you tomorrow at ten.”
“I was a ridiculous man, John. I know that I’ve compromised what we had. And I’m sorry.”
They’ve managed to remake about half of the living room, the bathroom and some of the kitchen. The wallpaper design, the sofa, the table aren’t too far off from the originals- Sherlock knows the right people owning the right vintage furniture businesses, of course- but many of his things have been swallowed by the fire, making the place look empty and eerily new.
“I only have one regret,” John whispers against Sherlock’s curls.
“Thinking,” then, softer, “I saw your face when Mycroft was trying to convince me to kill you.”
‘Always wanted you,’ you say between breaths. He’s got his hands cupping your face, looking at you like you’re the most precious thing he’s ever seen, not like a crime scene, but like- you, human, cherished. You always laugh at these kinds of scenes in movies, but now, with Sherlock, it all seems to make sense.
“Take them off,” he growls, gesturing towards Sherlock’s groin as he works his own belt and undresses with military swiftness, sighing when the cold air of the room finally touches his aching cock. In the next second, he’s straddling Sherlock again and bringing their cocks together. They both groan at the delicious skin-on-skin contact and they start a slow, gradual rhythm that feels good, except it doesn’t, so John curses under his breath and pulls back to retrieve- following the detective’s instructions- the lube from Sherlock’s bedroom drawer. And oh god, doesn’t the knowledge that he has it in the first place turn his blood hot.
Whatever his happy ending should have been, it’s long gone now. Like Eurus, he can only rebuild from the ashes.
John laughs affectionately and gives a last roll of the hips before he takes Sherlock’s hands and places them at his sides, lifting himself out of the chair and kneeling at Sherlock’s feet. He doesn’t break eye contact as he opens Sherlock’s belt, unzips his trousers, gestures for him to lift his hips so he can slide them down.
Sherlock straightens back up and looks at her expectantly.
‘What has become of you?’ Mycroft asks when he comes to visit, his presence made inevitable by Ms Hudson’s mindless hospitality. You would’ve slammed the door right in his face.
‘Wrong,’ Sherlock replies, taking steps towards you. He sighs audibly. ‘I really shouldn’t have…’
‘Yeah? Then what is?’ you ask, starting to get impatient. She might have a gun, but you’ve taken one from the hands of stronger and better prepared men before, even without the burning rage brought by deceit. ‘Do you mind telling me why the hell are you pointing a gun towards me, or do you think it’d be all too complicated for my brain?’
They arrive as the first rays of dawn start bursting from beyond the horizon- bright shades of pink and orange, exhilaratingly alive, a little violent to John’s weary eyes. They pick up a half-asleep Rosie from next door and he holds her tight as she wraps her little arms around him. Sherlock is looking at them with unmistakable warmth in his eyes and John has the sudden urge to hug him as well. He wants to build a fort around them, to keep them out of harm’s way- the two people he cares about most in the world.
The bell rings.
John gladly accepts it. He laughs affectionately, almost surprised with himself, mirroring Sherlock as they both sink back into their chairs. He feels a little lighter, a little clearer, now that his mistakes are out in the open, known by himself and by one of the two people who matter the most in his world.
And a part of you wishes you could just listen to him and make things easy again, like when you were a child and he baited you out of your hiding places telling you how the east wind takes the frightened ones first, how feeling makes you less awake, less prepared.
“Yeah. I’ve been told.”
‘I’ve never seen someone like you before,’ John says, and Sherlock feels like he wants to believe him.
You should’ve taken what you could, before it was too late, before the hours turned into unbearable stretches of time marked only by his absence.
“Anything you want in particular?” John asks. He’s trying to sound composed, but it comes out hoarse and a little shaky. His own erection is straining painfully against his trousers, building an exquisite column of pleasure from the base of his spine to the tips of his toes, something that he wants to keep and amplify and fucking
As if Sherlock’s bullet had shattered a fragile balance, Lestrade calls them on a case that afternoon, possibly given the green light by Mycroft, whom, to John’s surprise (but not really), Sherlock was now talking to every other day. It’s their first case after Eurus, a race against time, two murders in different parts of the city in less than two hours, with Sherlock sure that the killer will strike again on the clock. He drags John through the heart of London, deducing the murderer’s location by his footprints and his brand of cigarettes until they finally find him in a shady café, talking to his next victim.
(but the wedding,
John blinks at him, grasping the enormity of his words.
John looks down at his hands, realizing that he’d set down his teacup at some point while speaking and he’d curled his hands into tight, tense fists. When he looks up, he sees Sherlock’s earlier aloofness changed entirely. His eyes are soft, kind, full of warmth. He’s learning forward in his chair, as if trying to get closer on instinct.
‘I’m sorry,’ he speaks. He’s so close that you could believe that he’s you, that there’s no limit between where you end and where he begins. ‘For…not managing myself better, back then, and leaving afterwards. I knew it’d hurt you. I was selfish.’
“I understand that Sherlock is being taken care of,” Mycroft says in his usual curt tone, one that doesn’t entirely work to hide his weariness.
“Mm. What’s funny? Let me in,” Sherlock drawls. His warm hands caress the scratched skin at John’s back. Unreasonably pleasant, but the stickiness between them is starting to grow uncomfortable.
“John, I thought we’d established early on that small talk is not one of our fortes,” Sherlock replies. He looks better than before, his watery eyes and lithe frame slowly replaced by increasing clarity and sinew. It makes him look less like a ghost and more like the fawn-like creature John had grown used to- familiar, reassuring, sharp with a new edge of sobriety.
“Mm, don’t underestimate yourself, John,” Sherlock smiles. John has the unexpected impulse to swat his arse. For now, he just files it away for later analysis.
The alternative remains hanging in the air between them, unspoken.
“Oh.”
“John, I said go!” he says, his tone frustrated, but not sharp enough to be mistaken for anger. “Please,” he adds in a weaker voice. He looks years older than he’d looked mere minutes ago. His eyes are weary, vulnerable. They’re asking for something, but John doesn’t understand what it is, and he doubts that Sherlock himself has access to that information. The detective’s cheeks are still flushed, but his body is that of a scared animal- disorganized, trembling, working against him. Trying to protect him. From what?
Eventually, you meet someone. Her name is Tara. She’s a small brunette with an unruly bob and fast, darting eyes. She works as a pedicurist. She loves basketball, How I Met Your Mother and talking a lot. She’s young and superficial and almost too much at times, but the sex is amazing. You honestly can’t tell what she sees in you, but you’re not wondering much. You just let the days flow, let her drag you out of the house to bars and movies and even out of town for a few times until you find your desire again. She loves traveling, wants to raise enough money to move to Spain, where some relatives of hers live. You think of going with her, starting it all again. Why not? There’s nothing waiting for you here.
no goodbyes, no separation,
‘Wrong,’ you swallow, trying to sound confident. ‘About that first thing. I don’t think you were trying to compare me with a murderer. I think you were trying to compare me with a desperate, delusional young woman, who conveniently happened to be gay, when obviously she resembled you more than anyone else.’
Eurus gives a small, sad smile, breaking the tension between them as she turns around to pick up her violin. When Sherlock reaches to open his case, she stops, shaking her head slightly.
Sherlock realizes that he, at least, had.
“I meant how are you,” he clarifies. “With… the drugs.”
He finds Sherlock on the living room floor. He’s kneeling on his blanket, with his eyes glassy and his chest heaving. Sweaty curls are sticking to his forehead and his mouth is open; he’s gasping for air. John kneels down, his attention narrowing on the man in front of him as a sensation of calm, focused determination washes over him.
Neither of them mentions turning 221C into a bedroom again.
You could do this your whole life, you think. Jumping from the bed of one psychopath to another’s, finding a new nest whenever they change into death or some other kind of life. You know what’s wrong here. It’s you, always in search for something more. You think you enjoy the thrill of it, the unpredictability; the possibility of losing the ones you love at any time, because you only love the ones who are most prone to be lost. It might be a disease, it might kill you or leave you crippled, but isn’t it all too sweet to deny?
‘Oi, don’t be like that,’ you snap. You supposed the time would come when you’d take the defense of the criminal instead of Sherlock’s, because he’s simply that annoying. Is he implying something, bringing you along for this particular case? You clench your fists at your sides, trying to calm down. You should’ve known. Things are never easy when it comes to Sherlock. ‘You solved your case, now let’s go.’
“I wish I could’ve had a say in it,” John murmurs. His lips slide lower, where the scars start to fade on Sherlock’s lower back, and his hands rest on Sherlock’s buttocks, kneading the soft flesh there. Sherlock arches into the touch, giving a rough hum of approval. “I wish I could’ve been by your side.”
‘I, um… I meant without your clothes on.’
Had anyone touched Sherlock like this before?
When he’s put the pieces together, you find her in an abandoned building, reading a book with a cover that is too worn-out to keep the title readable. She looks up at both of you with wide, curious eyes, adorned by dark circles underneath. Her frail frame and her washed blonde hair give you the impression that you’re looking at a child.
You want to pull him down by his ridiculous collar, make him taste you and show him what you really wanted. You usually end up fucking Mary instead, and god when she smiles at you like that you swear that she knows exactly what’s going on in your mind, and those are the moments when you’ve never loved or hated her more. You feel helpless, at the mercy of these two people who made you, who complete you; you love them, and yet all you can do is choke down the battle in your mind and keep distancing yourself from both of them.
‘No. Everything.’
“Stop it, it tickles,” John laughs. He takes Sherlock’s hand in his own and mirrors the touch. Sherlock closes his eyes and lets out a small “Ah” at the gentle contact, which turns into something more when John reaches his wrist and his lower arm.
Sherlock gives a curt nod. They sit in silence in Greg’s car, John sinking in the chair in the limits of decency while Sherlock looks outside the window at the blurring, dusk-tinted landscape. His spine is tall, his shoulders squared. John wonders about the tension gathered there, imagines smoothing it out with his fingers. He would be gentle at first, then he would let his hands feel their way through, methodically squeezing every drop of stress and strain out of Sherlock’s body. His girlfriends had told him that he gives good massages. Would Sherlock agree?
(except his happiness tied to you, you- )
“Sometimes,” John says, “I imagine going slow, just like today. Taking you apart with my mouth, working every inch of your gorgeous body.” He lowers his voice, leaning upwards to whisper in Sherlock’s ear- “
‘Yeah?’ you whisper, catching your breath.
He’d messed up. He suddenly feels cold all over, pulse hammering away at the realization that the man in front of him has been hurt, again, by his doing, again. John shouldn’t have let his heart and his hunger loose. He shouldn’t have spoken to Sherlock, out of a sudden, as if he had any right to his past, to his heart-
. You’re not sure if you can make up for months of distance in one single minute, but you sure as hell are trying to.
“John,” Sherlock gasps with an aborted twitch of his hips. “Stop.”
Sherlock looks at the sketches. They are- they’re quite good, actually. Several drawings of human limbs fill the white page, either in section or as seen from the exterior, in resting position or caught in motion. The anatomy is surprisingly good, though not perfect.
The memory of those interminable nights, self-portraits in cold sweat and terminal, desperate meaninglessness, crisis (or lack thereof) etched in his trembling hands as he was begging for a quiet sleep that refused to come. Before Sherlock. After Sherlock’s fall. After Mary’s death. John has tried to forget them, mostly successful when Sherlock was there to drag him into the whirlwind of his erratic days, mostly failing when he wasn’t.
The boy watches him in awe, as if he wouldn’t believe the words coming from his mouth. He is looking at Sherlock as if he was something unearthly, but there is nothing unkind in his eyes.
yet the line's been crossed and I'm no saint,
He briefly wonders if he’s going mad. If he does, it feels absolutely delicious.
‘Why?’
“After that evening, I wrote you a letter,” he says. “I had it with me in my session with Eurus, then… I might’ve lost it in the hospital, at Mycroft’s, I don’t know. The bottom line is… God, it was so much easier to write it than to say it.” He looks away, a burst of nervous laughter escaping his throat.
John feels his anger subside as fast as it had risen, replaced by nausea. He takes a deep breath and looks away.
Sherlock had stolen approximately thirty percent of his cake. John remembered something an old girlfriend had told him. She was a psychologist. They hadn’t lasted long. She’d said-
‘D’you know how many times I imagined you like this?’ he says, slipping his fingers through your hair, caressing. He sounds high. ‘Everytime I’d get off, you’d be there. On your knees, your lips around my cock. Against the wall, your back against me. Squirming. Begging.’
There’s a part of you that believes that he would’ve chosen you- believes in it so strongly, that it allowed you to say what you said. It was ridiculous, you realize, to think that you would ever be the first option.
John shifts on his feet, looking down.
John had thought about it, in the dark privacy of his own mind, the only place that people couldn’t see, couldn’t talk about. Just like he’d done with James in Afghanistan, after long hours of staring at the sun and talking with no filter, except- that one. The one that said-
The house is an imposing Victorian construct that would scream sobriety and cold comfort, if anything of its appearance transmitted something else but quiet, crafted restraint.
“Interesting,” she says, looking at him with curious eyes. “What makes you think that?”
“Because Mycroft is the alternative, and as much as you’re making progress towards brotherly love, I doubt you want to be around him right now.”
“Yes. I love how your voice changes when your inhibitory control breaks. When you’re in awe. When you’re passionate. When you fight to control it, which you often do.”
John doesn’t find out much about Sherlock because Sherlock doesn’t allow it, but John’s gaze always lingers on his features more than necessary. It’s not an inquiring look. Sherlock rather feels that he is being looked at by a collector. He thinks that he likes it.
‘Do you?’
He clears his throat, blushes, looks away. Suddenly, the air around him feels too oppressive to be distilled by words. He feels Sherlock’s warmth inches away from his skin. He wants to get closer almost as much as he wants to run away.
‘Time, no. Need, yes. Mrs Hudson refuses to do my shopping anymore after she found the fingers in her refrigerator.’ You look at him suspiciously. ‘What? There was no more space in mine!’ he defends himself.
“Flattering,” John breathes out, hoping that his tone will convey the depths of his contempt for whoever dared to do this to Sherlock. “I would have killed them before they laid a finger on you.” This is the man he loves and these are the years that separate them, mapped out, painfully visible, even in the dim light of the evening. John wants to erase them, render them null, send them back into the nothingness they came from. He drags his wet lips across Sherlock’s shoulder- slow, thorough, reverent-, stopping at each scarred line of skin to feel the texture and the warmth under his tongue. In his peripheral vision, Sherlock is curling his fingers in the sheets, his upper body rising and falling rhythmically to the pattern of his quickening breaths.
“Don’t. I trust you.” His gaze bears down into John’s with crystal clarity. “I trust you. Trust me.”
“Stop what?”
‘You’re teasing,’ he says between breaths.
You don’t dare approach him at the end. You watch him exit the building, take a cab to an empty home once again. Last time, too, you were the author of his loneliness, the one who destructured his life, leaving him raw and open. But you’re alive now. God, you’re alive.
‘John,’ the boy replies, but his shoulders don’t relax.
John had saved people all his life. He was shit at letting himself be saved, yet being Sherlock's damsel in distress had apparently been the main theme of their friendship all along.
“Alright, then. Try to go back to sleep, yeah?” John replies, hearing the soft rustle of blankets as he turns around towards the bedroom.
‘I never beg,’ you say intently, holding his gaze, barely stroking him through his jeans.
He gives you that look, the blank confusion with a hint of disbelief, body stilled in its motions. You know it now, you know
She knows that if she’d arrived in your life when Sherlock was still in it, chances are she wouldn’t be your wife now. She knows, and yet she knows that the universe is not careless enough to allow for these kinds of misfortunes, so she’s quietly proud that she’s met you at the perfect time, a pride that infuriates you and makes you adore her in the same time. She knows who you’d have chosen if the both of them were on terms of equality, if neither would’ve been advantaged by time or circumstances. She knows, and yet you still don’t know, and it drives you mad.
“No, don’t be ridiculous. It was for a case.”
John blinks away a strange feeling of deja-vu. God, she really does feel familiar.
and all that, and now you’re overflowing.
The boy shifts on his feet, not knowing where to look.
‘Yes,’ you reply, because you feel that the moment requires it. You don’t understand anything else.
‘I observe,’ he replies, shrugging his shoulders.
‘So…got any case on hand?’
Instead of Mary’s ghost, it’s his internal voice speaking to him now, words and thoughts reclaimed as his own.
John has been learning from a friend and his drawings have gotten better. Sherlock looks at himself and sees a beauty that he doesn’t recognize in the mirror- all of John’s portraits are precision and grace.
“Where’s Watson?” Sherlock asks as soon as John opens the door, letting the violin fall from his shoulder as the melody comes to an abrupt halt.
“What? What’s happening?” Sherlock asks, suddenly alert. A silence, a mystery, a crime scene (John).
Before he knows it, Sherlock’s tongue has slipped in between his lips and they’re plundering each other’s mouths with abandon, hands equally pressing and stroking the skin hidden beneath traitorous clothes. A flash of brilliance makes John climb the first step of the staircase, crowding Sherlock’s body into the wall behind him as their gazes level and he’s no longer forced to raise himself on his tiptoes.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replies. The affection in his eyes is bare and overwhelming and John can’t do much else but look back, again and again, the warm touch of their hands the only anchoring point in a rapidly shifting universe. Paradoxically, the feeling he was afraid to be consumed by- if he stopped and looked at Sherlock long enough, if he really allowed himself to
The train ride home is uneventful and dull, and it means nothing anymore.
If he’d been reluctant to meet Sherlock’s gaze only minutes before, John realizes that he can’t stop looking now, years of avoidance, tension and unbridled loyalty alchemized into the taut, invisible line connecting their gazes. There’s desire there, woven tightly with a whole lot of affection, and John can’t stop smiling as he takes in the flush spreading on Sherlock’s cheeks, breath by shaky breath.
‘Obviously, John. She merely wanted to protect the one she loved, although it could be said that murder was an exaggerated measure in her case. But ultimately, her heart… was in the right place.’ He makes a small grimace, as if struggling to get the words out. You know how that works, you know that being sincere doesn’t come easy to either of you, but you’re too baffled to acknowledge it. Is he apologizing? Does he mean it, or is this just another game?
And that other evening, when suddenly you managed to close your palm and hold it there, for the briefest of second-
It baffles you, the way his presence lights up over you in a way that you’d forced yourself to forget while you were away. You hadn’t given it much thought; you were distracted by almost dying, and somehow it all faded compared to the thought that you’ll simply return and resume the story from where you ended it, from where Moriarty ended it. But these moments, scattered across your timeline, expanding and expanding until your consciousness can hardly envision anything else, these moments are your making and your destruction, because he is gone now, and inevitably, you are losing.
“Liar. I heard you moaning this morning, and I know your happy moans from your unhappy ones now.”
And on.
“Not at all,” said John, trying not to laugh and snorting instead.
“I believe so. I wanted to know what a modern medical man would make of the scene, and you confirmed my hypothesis.”
.” He jerked his paw back. “
He look relieved, yet somehow broken, as if he were collapsing under some burden held too long.
Sherlock knelt by John’s knee and stretched himself over John’s body.
“You have a lot of new clothes,” she said. “New jacket, new shoes — I don’t think I’ve seen those shirts before either.”
“Sorry,” said John, smiling a bit lopsidedly at Sherlock. “I know you like to be alone when you… transform.”
“There’s no sense in denying it, of course, but I would like to know what particular offence finally drove you to that conclusion,” said Sherlock, looking elaborately bored.
“Nor to me,” said Sherlock.
“Hayes is your leak.” Sherlock peered into the box, turning it this way and that.
It was just not as assertively weird as the rest of the flat. And it was certainly neater.
It was a curious turn of phrase.
John could hear traffic outside.
Lying neatly inside were the SIG Sauer, his mobile, and his wallet.
“Please, Sherlock — don’t be dead.” Dark splashes appeared on Sherlock’s dressing gown.
“So like some kind of charm or fetish?”
“Thanks.”
“No,” said Sherlock. “Not even to the Fae. The exact charge was Ingratitude.”
John nodded again and turned toward the door. At the threshold, he looked over his shoulder at Sherlock. “I’ll be home soon, Sherlock. I swear it.”
John stopped, his foot on the first stair.
He was getting close. The familiar feeling of being drawn tight for release was creeping over him.
“You were having a nightmare again. And it seemed to help last night.”
That’s when it clicked.
“Goodnight, John. Sleep well.”
The first thing that registered on John’s conscious mind was the smell of coffee and burnt toast.
The whole bed had felt lovely. The sheets were crisp and smooth, the pillows had just enough loft, and the mattress was firm, but with a layer of some squashy substance on top. He suspected it was an actual feather bed.
“Not much.”
“Yeah.” John grabbed the handrail and hauled himself up. “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Isn’t that what you did?” asked Sherlock. “Took your… more than adequate intellect and your need to be a hero and turned it to saving lives?”
“Nothing creepy, John! I don’t even like men’s butts. Just — objectively speaking — those trousers are very flattering.”
A breath away from dying — that wasn’t just the circumstances Merryweather happened to be under when Moriarty used the
Sherlock whined, stuttering through ragged breaths, and kissed the top of John’s head. His cock nudged at John, brushing the dressing gown just below his navel.
“Fair point,” she conceded. “What’s he do when he’s not doing you?”
“Mmph,” answered John.
“I rather thought you were doing the planning tonight, but no, I have no intention of not finishing you.”
“Sorry. I’m fine, but mate’s in a bad way. Can’t leave now. Thanks for collecting my things. I’ll ring as soon as I can.”
“Is this to do with the roses?”
“Shut up.”
Sherlock clicked his tongue against his teeth. “That’s the one. And before you ask — this wouldn’t be the first time he’s involved himself in the type of crime that’s likely to come to my attention. He seems to enjoy it.”
The night after that, the music woke him at nearly three-thirty.
About like the tine of a dinner fork, he thought — it could do some damage, but there’d have to be some concentrated effort behind it.
“Now the kissing?” asked Sherlock.
Sherlock’s voice was nearer now. He must have come close to the doorway at the bottom of the staircase.
“To disguise any oddities? You said that most of Merryweather’s organs had failed.”
“It just appears when I’m not looking.” She eyed the kitchen as if it were somehow being deliberately difficult.
A snort of amusement escaped him.
Sherlock turned and clopped back down to the sitting room.
“Why?”
Then she lifted her chin and looked straight at Mr. Holmes.  “You are a good man, sir.”  She looked at Watson. “And you too, Doctor.  You haven’t harmed anyone that I know of, no one who didn’t deserve it, anyway.  And you’ve done a great deal of good.  What you are to each other is nobody’s business.  Your secrets are as safe with me as my own.  I will never say anything against you.”
in the middle of London). That he had been this for 132 years was just another impossible fact of his existence.
“I ‘turn you on?’”
But now, apparently, he was a would-be monster fucker too.
John sat up and scooted a few inches down the bed until he was level with Sherlock’s thighs, on top of which lay his cock.
good, Doctor. You’re miles off, of course, but it was a respectable try nevertheless.”
ago!”
“I hardly think you’re anyone’s fool, John Watson.”
Sherlock was in pain — John knew it.
John thought as he took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and sucked it with equally slow strokes, lost in a space where there was only music and sex.
“You still want it that bad? After 132 years? You still want that shit in your veins so bad that you conveniently forgot that you have the ability to just send me out of here?”
The kiss was simple. Short. One might even say chaste.
“You know, you were meant to be a good influence on
“If you say so.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re gorgeous, Sherlock,” said John. “And I can’t decide if that’s something you don’t see or if you do see it, and it’s just another, more subtle, form of punishment.”
“The homeless become, in effect, invisible informants,” said John.
“It will tell me what Moriarty wanted it to tell me.”
John continued the caress, gliding over the thick silk until he reached Sherlock’s shoulders.
“I get rather peckish during the witching hour. Might decide I fancy an army doctor sandwich some night.”
“Sherlock!” He stopped, gasping for air and looking frantically around. This was where it should be. According to the numbers on the surrounding buildings, this was it. But there was nothing except a sandwich shop.
“I noticed. Alright, don’t be a stranger.”
Sherlock dragged his gaze from the rose to John’s profile. He frowned as if John were speaking a language with which Sherlock was only passingly familiar.
“I work for the government.”
“Seems unnecessary to add that last bit.”
Well, that was encouraging.
“And when you woke up, was there a moment of elation that your body was whole?”
John took Sherlock’s nipple between his fingers and rolled it.
Even when things got a little clumsy, even when Sherlock discovered the hard way that it would require some practice before he could take John entirely, it was intensely erotic.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice came from just in front of him and to his right. “Spread your legs… er, please.”
John nodded at her and turned the key.
“No, John.”
Sherlock just nodded, and John turned and left.
But John had already successfully navigated the last couple of stairs to the landing, and was now attempting to not fall face-first down the three steps leading down into the sitting room.
“Bringing up my ex,” she said. “Thanks.”
Or had been.
“Sherlock.” John took a deep breath for patience. “
In the quiet he heard the distant sound of a door behind this one slamming shut, followed by brisk footsteps. The door opened, and a small, older woman wearing a lace cap and a long black dress with a full skirt appeared. John thought he caught a glimpse of high-buttoned boots as her skirts were momentarily brushed aside by the edge of the door. Realizing that it was probably strange (not to mention rude) to stare at her hem, he returned his gaze to her face.
He hadn’t taken Sherlock up on his offer to let him go, so he supposed he did want to be in the middle of it.
“I was going to say, ‘I’m not,’ but it seems churlish to argue the point,” said Sherlock.
The baby in the story was him. If John had doubts, Sherlock’s descriptions of the two brothers were enough to dispel them.
John walked through it.
John didn’t know how to say that he was glad he’d had the opportunity to meet Sherlock without it sounding as if he weren’t simultaneously appalled by what Sherlock had suffered.
“He disappeared and she assumed she must have killed him?” said John. “Could happen to anyone, I suppose.”
“Magic. Someone got that chain around his neck and used it to distract him from a spell that caused the shutdown of most of his internal organs.”
“Good to know.”
“She thought about using it to wish back a lover who had left her – a man she loved dearly, and who she had thought loved her. But one day, he left with just a note saying it had been nice. She very nearly used it then, but in the end she decided she would rather have someone who loved her, even if it meant being with someone she loved less.
“Hmm?” said Sherlock, his mouth still stuffed with John’s cock.
And utterly undismayed about it.
And then there was the fact that he was just sitting up after… their hours together, but sending John off to bed before he transformed because — why?
“She wouldn’t kill someone if she thought she had other recourse. She had nothing left to lose with Moriarty. She knew too much about him, and with her habit of keeping proof of other people’s indiscretions, he would be hunting her. There was only one way for her to be free of him.”
John winked at Mrs. Hudson and headed up the stairs to his bathroom.
“I did, and it is. Very attractive.”
“Holy palmers’ kiss,” said Sherlock.
More cacophony was his only answer.
“Oh.” John’s brain scrabbled for purchase. “I’d ask you to put the violin down first, I suppose.”
“I need you to not pass that line between three and four a.m.,” said Sherlock.
“If you say so. I don’t know anything about…” Sherlock waved his paw toward the screen. “…
“That thing they all arrived in. The tops don’t just open like that.”
“I see, and what will an empty house tell you?” asked John.
Just the relief of one less death.
He thought about Sherlock’s hands. His hands were touching the violin and the violin was responding with this… this… this voice full of want and beauty.
And what he was sure had been a high-necked blouse was now a turtleneck sweater.
“I have no doubt that you can,” said John. “But I think having some furniture under us would still be more practical.”
“You bastard.”
It was kind of sweet.
“I didn’t tell you that there were other ways out because… I wanted you to stay.”
Because the only thing more unlikely than Sherlock Holmes loving someone, becoming romantically entangled with someone to the point where his heart would break to see them leave — was for that person to love him back.
“It’s the only property in his name, John. No, this is tied in with the Merryweather case somehow. Moriarty likes these layered puzzles. He likes watching me peel the onion.”
“I don’t understand why someone would pay to see nude men,” said Sherlock. “Can’t they just go swimming or visit a gymnasium if they want to look at some fellow’s naked arse?”
“I suppose it must get boring here,” said John. “Same four walls — only one other person for company.”
“Ugh. I can’t remember when I’ve slept this late.”
He kicked the covers off and rubbed his face. He picked up his mobile from the bedside table and checked it for messages. There were none, so he got up and began his day.
John went to the kitchen and opened a random cupboard. It contained a tin of bagged tea and mugs. Mrs. Hudson had explained that the house would provide him anything he needed — anything he wanted, really.
Sherlock was still a monster — so the curse remained unbroken. This must be the other “out” Sherlock had spoken of.
John loved being the centre of Sherlock’s considerable attention.
“So — does Mr. Hebrides have a name?” she asked.
And, Christ, he’d wanted to fuck Sherlock.
This morning, however, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John filled the kettle and wished for a bit of currant jam for his toast. He found it in the cupboard next to the tea tin.
“I do.”
He felt a disturbance of the air in front of him and heard the rustle of silk. Sherlock took his hands. John had guessed correctly — Sherlock’s fingers were long and his grip was strong. John could feel the calluses on Sherlock’s fingertips against his right palm.
They kissed again.
And then Sherlock began to move, and once again, John found himself on the receiving end of Sherlock’s prodigious attention as he made a study of John’s responses to varying types of oral stimuli.
“Well, you can get any station, you know! I watched everything from Benny Hill to telenovelas. It was some education!”
after 132 years.” Sherlock sat up in his chair. “Why do you think it’s there, John? It’s there to remind me that it exists and I can’t have it. No matter how much
“The what?” John stood in the kitchen holding his tea in both hands.
! Why are they falling?!”
John snorted at this delicate description. “She tied people up for fun and profit, you mean.”
John looked around. They were in a large sitting room with a fireplace at one end. There were at least three different damask wallpapers, and the chimney breast was flanked by bookcases crammed full of books and pictures. Two mismatched chairs faced each other in front of the fireplace. Between the tall windows that looked out onto the fog of Baker Street (but not really Baker Street) sat a table piled high with papers and more books. There were additional bookcases against any expanse of wall that could accommodate them, a sofa against the near wall, and a cart with a television that might have been new in 1973. Every surface that wasn’t taken up with books and papers held an odd assortment of curiosities — bottles, insect specimens, botanical drawings, containers made of various materials, and about a dozen small lamps, some of which apparently still burned oil. There was a music stand and a violin case near one of the windows and a human skull on the mantle. John thought it was either a real skull or a remarkable fake.
“Eleven,” said John. “I’ll be there.”
“The wrong sort?”
“That’s also none of your business.”
“Wiggins found an address for ‘Avery Dain’ — that’s the alias Moriarty used when he commissioned the rose sculptures. He purchased the building in 1980. An agency has been paying the taxes and basic upkeep ever since.”
“Try bending them under,” suggested John.
He knew enough to know he was doing a piss-poor job of it.
He spent the entire 18-minute ride praying that nothing happened to delay the train.
spell on him — that was a fucking prerequisite.
“That jumper, you prat. That’s new.”
“Tetchy, tetchy,” said John.
Sherlock let it pass. “I wasn’t really vain about my looks,” he said. “Well, not
“I know,” he said. He looked at her over his shoulder. “It’s alright. I understand.”
“Yeah.”
He had wondered about the violin case. How on earth would Sherlock play the violin? But Sherlock never opened it, and eventually it became just another item in the collection of strange objects downstairs, relegated in John’s mind to background inconsequentia.
John’s hand found Sherlock’s other nipple. He pinched and tugged it in rhythm with the motions of his lips and tongue.
certainly wasn’t going to be lifting any curses!”
Sherlock’s smile faded. “It’s been 132 years.”
Nothing.
“He promised to ‘burn the heart out of me.’ I can merely speculate as to his exact meaning. However, I can say that he would allow that route only after he was sure I’d suffered adequately.”
“You’ve been gone for almost three months!”
“I can also tell you the details of the curse. Once you know what has to be done to end it, you’ll be… disqualified and free to go. That’s how I let most of your predecessors go — the ones who wouldn’t…”
The texts from Harry ran the gamut from “Where the hell r u????” to “I put ur shit in a storage unit. U owe me ur first born child!!!!!”
Some nights there was no music and John wondered if Sherlock was sulking or masturbating. But most nights there was the violin followed by idle, meandering discussion that ended a few minutes before Sherlock was due to transform.
“Huh,” said John. “I thought they kissed there. I remember them kissing.”
“Yeah. It’s nice.”
Nudity didn’t fuss John, but if Sherlock was going to cover up — and obviously he was going to cover up before even removing John’s blindfold — perhaps it would be appropriate for John to follow suit.
know better, but he did it anyway. He put his ‘dearest possession’ up against a small fortune and lost. Orson argued that, given what British law said about the status of women at the time, I was Jonathon’s dearest possession. The Court was inclined to see it his way. Sherlock found evidence that Orson had incorporated spells into the construction of the building that housed the club, and that he’d been using it for years to cheat the demi-Fae of whatever they had that he happened to fancy.
“I’m fine. Bad dream is all,” said John. “What’s with the… scarf?”
“A few months now. Answer the question. Are you okay?”
He was also fond of the sound of feminine laughter.
“Sherlock, quit trying to get me to tell you how extraordinary and brilliant you are.”
“Anything else?”
“Take them off.”
“Harry, I’m warning you.”
Sherlock remained in his bedroom for the rest of the day, and John didn’t hear him playing that night. He wasn’t at breakfast, either, but when John returned from his run, Sherlock was lying on the sofa, talking to someone on his telephone.
John wondered if this hypothetical tail was also horselike or if it resembled the tail of some other animal.
“Ms. Adler’s profession was providing discreet entertainment for those of a peculiar taste,” said Sherlock.
He was nearly done with his breakfast when he heard Sherlock’s voice coming from somewhere in the neighbourhood of the fireplace.
He looked around. Mrs. Hudson was hurrying from the sandwich place.
Everything about the room was — quaint, as if it had been decorated by someone’s grandmother. The walls were a shade of cream just a few shades darker than the quilt, except for an accent wall covered in another damask wallpaper with grey-green leaves and gold skylarks on a cream background. The mismatched furniture was of excellent quality and wildly different eras — a far cry from the particle-board flat-pack stuff he was used to.
“I’m not you.”
“What was he like? Mr. Hudson?” asked John. It was the first time she’d mentioned him.
“It’s not that bad,” said John. “I mean— your appearance is… well, what it is… but I’m not bothered by it, actually. And my own personal habits are a bit odd too.” A bit odd was one way to put it. His therapist used much more precise terms. John dismissed that thought in favor of working on the whole being-trapped-in-a-pocket-dimension thing. “Why, exactly, is my stay unavoidable?”
“Yes.”
“Everyone else was either preoccupied or momentarily distracted by something. They always bring it up to point out the unfairness of their predicament. ‘I was reading a letter from my fiance,’ or ‘the grocer across the street had strawberries,’ or ‘a cabhorse threw a shoe.’”
“Can’t imagine why not,” said John dryly.
“Where was it?” asked John.
“You said there were three.”
It stayed up for a long time, but no message appeared, so John finally finished stripping off his running gear, and went into the bathroom for a shower. When he came back out, there were two messages from Harry.
“Sherlock!”
“You can hear me… upstairs?”
“Sit,” said Sherlock.
He put the soup in the fridge and drank the tea himself.
“Is this just… fucking then?” Why was he angry? It wasn’t as if they were dating. But there it was, that familiar pull to let the hurt and confusion burn away in clean incandescent rage.
“I wonder why?”
“I’m a— was a surgeon. Tell me — does this happen a lot around here? The… er… the fog and the… rest? Or…”
“He lost everything?” asked John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock drew John closer to his big warm body.
John leaned up on his elbow so that he could see Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, we make love every night. Obviously, I think you’re incredibly attractive.”
John took the opportunity to wipe his hand on his dressing gown. He felt Sherlock take his other hand and tug. He let Sherlock pull him to his feet.
“Nobody spends that much time comforting a friend unless they’re shagging him!”
“A second line, presumably to another faerie, does shed some light,” said Sherlock, folding himself into his chair in front of the fire. “I was dissatisfied, to say the least, with the Yard’s narrative of events.”
“Odd hours and experiments in the kitchen?” asked John. “I assume you’re planning on expanding your wardrobe though.”
John smiled. “Well, see. You’re wrong there. I
“Any brilliant insights, then?”
“Well, I solved it before that, of course, but Lestrade rang last night with the final proof while you were at dinner. They found a wall safe at the Dain residence containing Ms. Adler’s ‘insurance.’”
“It’s like a lion’s,” said Sherlock finally.
He turned and looked back the way he had come. Flat stones gleamed wetly in the fading light for as far as he could see, which was really only a few
“Did you get me tampons?” asked Harry, as the credits were rolling.
“Why not just heal him? Can’t Faeries do that?”
“Go take a bath,” he said. “You need it.”
“Christ, Harry. Did you really think I’d be shocked by a vibrator and a pair of fuzzy handcuffs?”
“Mmm,” said Mycroft, giving John one last penetrating look before turning back to his brother. “Reopening the Merryweather case? Is Lestrade not giving you enough to do?”
“Yeah,” said John. “It’s new.”
!” Gingerly, he touched the rose again.
“Er…. alright,” said Sherlock. “Of course.”
“Goodbye, Harry. I’ll talk to you again as soon as I can. The service here is awful.”
“Is this on my account?”
“No,” said John. “No, I’d say it’s not. Most streets are covered in asphalt unless the neighbourhood is terribly posh and historical.”
“I wanted to be sure this wasn’t just a three-night thing,” said Sherlock. “Magic often runs in threes.”
“If that had been the point, this Moriarty would’ve done something about your eyes and your mouth,” said John before his brain could catch up to what he was saying.
“Really? I have bad habits,” Sherlock pointed out.
thought John, and his chest was proportionately broad. His voice had seemed to emanate from an outsize instrument because it emanated from an outsize instrument.
“You did,” said Harry. “But you slept for shit last night — moaning and thrashing about. I turned it off so you could have a lie-in.”
“It’s the one piece of furniture here that fits me,” said Sherlock. “Probably because I don’t truly need it.”
John looked down at his hand. Blood was soaking through the towel in spots. He felt drained and achy as the adrenaline in his system ebbed.
“I can’t ‘nip ‘round’ to anything. This is neither Faerie proper nor the mundane world.”
From just below his navel to his fetlocks, Sherlock was covered in sleek, russet-brown hair — like the summer coat of a horse. His hips were wide to accommodate the bones and musculature of a horse’s hindquarters, although his legs were somewhat straighter than a horse’s, John thought. His tail was indeed like a lion’s — covered in the same russet-brown hair as the rest and ending in an ivory tuft like his fetlocks.
“I’m tired of this game,” said Sherlock. John could hear him doing whatever it was he did when he put the violin away.
“What? Going to miss the last train to Scotland?” asked Harry.
…Isolation. Sherlock wasn’t just locked away from the world, the world was actively kept away from Sherlock.
“What can’t?”
“A what now?”
“And the beating was what? Just there to provide a more plausible cause of death?”
“And he wanted to be sure you became involved.”
“I still don’t want to hurt you.”
“You don’t have to, of course. I’d entirely understand if you didn’t—”
He’d solved one mystery. On to the next.
“How did this become my fault?” asked Sherlock.
“There’s no need to thank me, Sherlock.”
And John sat and listened as music filled the flat.
John froze. He felt something cold and dark slide up from his stomach to press against his diaphragm.
“I don’t like your second option, Sherlock,” said John before breathing into him again.
“A couple millilitres should do.”
“Still no news?” asked John as Sherlock lay down on the sofa with his legs hanging off one side and his head nearly in John’s lap.
“Goodnight, John.”
Sherlock nodded. “And I, as well,” he said, and bent low to kiss John.
Sherlock followed him into the kitchen.
“Rarely,” said Sherlock, still staring at the photos with his arms crossed over his chest. “I used to — to make the time pass — but I slept for a year once, and… I didn’t like it.”
When he’d suddenly decided to bollocks up hitting on Sherlock.
“Alright.” Sherlock’s voice was farther away again and John assumed that he was indeed putting the violin back in its case.
“How much?” asked Sherlock.
“Oh, is that what we’re doing? Thought a lot about last night, have you?” He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s pulse and kissed a line down to the base of his neck.
If he’d had a choice, John would have had his eyes open. He’d have feasted on the sight of Sherlock grinding himself to ecstasy against his body.
“What’s wrong with Sherlock?”
“Are all faeries such jerks?”
Sherlock’s heart wasn’t stopping – probably wouldn’t stop unless John couldn’t keep him properly ventilated because Sherlock’s heart had a patch of pure Faerie Magic.
“Lube,” said John. “Er… lubricant… for sex.”
Then John had another thought, equally horrifying in its own way.
Us? They were in this together, were they? John shook his head. Well, why not? What else did he have to do — besides get to the heart of his own mystery, of course.
It was an opiate — morphine probably. Like cocaine, it was available at every chemist’s shop back in those days.
“Erm…”
naked ladies, but… it’s a show, right? Nothing wrong with a show, it’s… what it is. It’s her job to pretend that she’s enjoying my company even though I’m clothed, and she’s not, and if that doesn’t point up the power dynamics of the situation, I don’t know what does. And it’s just not my idea of a great time.”
John shook his head. His own intellect was nothing to sneeze at.
Everyone who ever saw the fog came to precisely the same conclusion.
He certainly hadn’t even hinted that he himself had that power. Apparently, with no restrictions.
His gun was in the inner pocket of that jacket.
“Right,” said Sherlock, turning back to the screen.
“No, of course not. He did it for control over Merryweather’s life — the most dangerous thing you can ever give a faerie. But Merryweather got nearly thirty years of borrowed time, so not a terrible bargain, I suppose.”
“Look, if I could explain it, I would,” said John, aggressively putting toothpaste on his brush.
, he thought,
“Hello,” said John in the general direction of the shadow.
John could hear Sherlock swallow. “Alright.” Sherlock began to play again — something slow and…
Sherlock took the rose carefully between his paws and crinkled his eyes at John.
He grabbed a pair of jeans from the still-open drawer and a blue tartan shirt from the wardrobe and dressed quickly. He set the room to rights, strongly suspecting that this would be done for him had he chosen to leave it, but doing it anyway. He stopped in the bathroom one more time to comb his hair before finally going downstairs.
He made an about-face and walked back toward the street he’d been on when he’d first encountered the fog. He already knew he wouldn’t find it. Still, he would do his due diligence. He walked back for fifteen minutes.
“No, I daresay you haven’t.”
John woke.
And that — the small twinge and the knowledge that Sherlock didn’t mean to cause even that much pain, but his control was thin — it reached into John and it plucked at something dark.
He breathed once.
“Alright, but then why would Moriarty want to fake his own death?  And why make it look like Irene Adler did it?” asked John.
“Yeah, I remember.” said John, touching Sherlock’s cheek and scratching the skin at the base of Sherlock’s horn again.
, John. We… take our pleasure together when I’m human. How can you find this body attractive?”
“Fine then,” said Mycroft. “I’ll leave you to your old case and your new friend.” He said “friend” as if it were a euphemism for something puzzling and unpleasant — a previously unnoticed boil, perhaps.
“Feels good?” asked John.
“You’d barely have to bend to kiss me.”
In the mundane world.
“This is a rather remarkable attitude, Jane,” said Mr. Holmes.  “The law, both God’s and man’s would disagree with you.”
“Yes?”
“My first order of business tomorrow will be to locate some clothes.” Sherlock picked up his glass, but rather than drink from it, he just swirled the contents a bit and stared into it.
“Yes. This body has a heartbeat and breath and it’s perfectly capable of achieving both an erection and an orgasm. Why else would I choose this over your offer to do ‘other things?’”
“Thank you, dear.” She stood up and moved the plates to the sink. “But I can’t take full credit tonight. I’m afraid I got distracted and utterly burned the roast. I let the kitchen fix it.”
“Doesn’t matter. You can be their slave for a hundred years and they’ll discard you like week-old potato peelings or you can bake them a bran muffin and they’ll declare their eternal devotion. There is no rhyme or reason to any of it.
Sherlock thrust slowly against John’s cock.
They both sat back, smiling besottedly at each other. Well, Sherlock looked besotted. John just assumed that he did as well. He picked up his glass and took a drink.
John licked a fleeting, tickling flicker along Sherlock’s lower lip. Sherlock didn’t open for John, but he did groan — a
“And had he?”
More importantly, Sherlock wasn’t moving.
“Who said you could just dig through mby drawers?”
The timbre of Sherlock’s voice told John that he’d changed back into the form John was familiar with.
“Yeah, yeah. You’re bisexual. You think anyone’s going to care, John? When you’re out on the street with—
Jane sat on the top step, first silently berating herself in very colorful terms for her carelessness, then making up her mind what she would say to the gentlemen (her gentlemen).  Dr. Watson appeared on the landing.
“No,” said Sherlock, his tone clearly meant to discourage John from this line of questioning.
Let’s do
“You don’t think someone just, you know, ransacked it?”
John nodded and wrapped his hand in a tea towel. “I’m sure there’s a first-aid kit with everything I need in the medicine cabinet upstairs.” With that, he did what he should have done in the first place. He turned and headed for his bedroom.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock as if he were testing the words out to ascertain their appropriateness to the occasion. “You should go to bed now. It’s almost four.”
“You’ll tell me if I’m hurting you,” said Sherlock.
The spray was just a little warmer than usual tonight and he lingered under it for a bit before he remembered that he’d promised to meet Sherlock at three. He hadn’t looked at the clock when he got up, but he usually woke pretty close to the witching hour. He cut off the water and stepped out, setting his feet on the fresh bathmat.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock sat back and John heard him snap open the bottle.
“Excellent reflexes, though.”
Mrs. Hudson, her eyes wide with regret.
Sherlock put his hands on John’s hips, laying his arms over John’s thighs. He nipped the inside of John’s right thigh, causing him to gasp.
John was standing two steps higher than Sherlock, but he still had to go up on his toes to place his mouth against Sherlock’s.
“You have a sugar daddy, John.”
As the train pulled into the stop nearest Baker Street, John checked his mobile — 9:50.
Sherlock nodded. “So it appeared. Merryweather was a breath from dying. Once
, John noted. He kept thinking he must be nearing the edge of the thing, but no matter how much rolling around they did, he never did find it. Afterwards, when Sherlock pulled the blindfold off with one claw, John could see that the bed had to be nearly three metres square. There was no footboard, just a dark wooden headboard, against which Sherlock was sitting with his legs folded back and to the side opposite John. He had already put his robe on and had arranged it loosely over his body, covering his nakedness.
And his racing heart voting for nightmare.
Harry adds biphobia to her arsenal of weapons with which to goad her brother.  Drug use, needles, and a past suicide attempt also make an appearance.
John pressed his ear to Sherlock’s chest. There was a heartbeat — a strong, steady heartbeat — but no breath.
Unable to stop his heart, Sherlock had tried to stop his lungs, and that had pissed Moriarty off. Whatever Sherlock had felt the need to escape, it wasn’t true suffering as far as Moriarty was concerned.
John stood up and placed his napkin beside his plate.
He brushed his teeth — the bristles of the toothbrush were soft, the head angled just right; the toothpaste was cinnamon, which John didn’t even know until just then that he preferred. He relieved himself of the astoundingly good beer Mrs. Hudson had served with last night’s beef and carrots, pulled off the rest of his clothes, and stepped into the tub.
“But brass can take more heat, so it’s good for something that’s going to be used again and again.”
“Are you usually so… delicate?”
“Sherlock,” louder this time, but still nothing.
“A wonderful example of the reliability of eyewitness accounts.”
Silence.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“It’s lovely to hear from you too.”
John opened his eyes on Sherlock’s concerned face framed by the familiar curving horns.
John nodded. “Yeah.”
“I’m close. So close. I…”
“Indecency?  You know what work my mother did, and you know the wretchedness of the place where she did that work, sirs.  There was no one in that place to protect me from seeing the cruelty and depravity with which people treat each other.  Good men... sharing... is not indecent compared to that.  I can’t see how it is indecent at all, sirs.”
“But yes,” said Sherlock.
“Why?”
“But the best was the telly,” she said. “I’d never even seen a film. I barely left my sitting room for over a year.”
Sherlock shrugged. “She escaped prison less than a year after her conviction. No one’s seen nor heard from her since.”
“John Watson,” he said. “Dr. John Watson.”
Sherlock moaned.
“That an actual crime?”
John also looked at the clock. Sherlock had rung Lestrade before five that morning.
“How would you get me out of my clothes?”
“Why couldn’t she get in? I thought she was very smart.”
“If it doesn’t bother you, I thought I’d just leave the lamp off. It’s pitch dark in here without it.”
The kettle clicked off, and John went back to the kitchen.
John woke to another grey morning.
He suddenly felt cold.
“What’s it about?”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m between cases at the moment. That was an old one — I solved it, but not to my satisfaction.”
“Ugh, cand I crawl indto bed and die ndow?” asked Harry.
“Yes?”
“Wait. What can you hear in your… other form?” John was generally silent when wanking, but he’d begun using the dildo — after all, he had plenty of time for elaborate masturbation scenarios these days — and he sometimes lost his head a bit.
“My pleasure,” replied John.
“I remember. I promise you, I’ll be back. I don’t really want to go in the first place.”
“Ms. Adler’s personal secretary said that she admitted Merryweather to Ms. Adler’s home. She and Ms. Adler went to an art opening about an hour later without Merryweather. The secretary assumed he had left by the back entrance. The body was found by a commuter ten minutes after the custodian had cleaned the room. Ms. Adler and her secretary had been in a gallery full of people for over half an hour by then.”
Sherlock bared his chest and let John examine it.
“A computer?” John booted the computer up. “I wonder what it’s for?”
John grinned. “My backside?”
“As I said — he wanted me to believe he was really gone and that the magic sustaining all of this…” Sherlock waved a paw in the general direction of everything. “…would be gone soon. He wished to push me into the only out I have other than finding someone to break the curse.”
spell, and disposed of the ‘evidence’ where the police would be sure to find it."
“Mmm,” she replied, taking a sip of her tea. “It wasn’t a pursuit for respectable gentlemen.”
His hand moved to Sherlock’s temple at the same time that Sherlock’s hand touched his wet cheek.
The form shifted and John saw the outline of a pale face in a too-large head. He thought the man might be wearing earmuffs or headphones. The face tilted slightly.
He snatched the drawer completely out of the right-hand table, dumping the contents onto the bed. Tissues, lube… a largish pale green dildo.
John dropped it onto the coffee table.
“Here you go.” John handed one to Sherlock and set the other on the coffee table.
“How would you kiss me?” asked Sherlock. “I presume you’ve had ample opportunity to perfect your technique.”
“But I’m… suitable?” John wasn’t sure what to do with this information. The absolute last person in the universe that he wanted to be angry with was Mrs. Hudson, but he could feel it — that exhilarating shiver, that breathless
“What do you mean?” asked Sherlock, narrowing his eyes.
Sherlock dragged himself to a sitting position. “So modest, Mycroft. Usually, to hear you tell it, you practically
John smiles and shakes his head as Sherlock holds his hand in both of his larger (shaky?) palms. Just holds it, no superfluous movement, no attempt to strip the moment bare of what it really is. It makes John want to run and hold and
It shouldn't be such a big deal. It is.
And I’d have you tied up, so you couldn’t even think about cheating your way out.  How much time until you’d start begging? Twenty minutes? Fifteen?”
Sherlock takes his hand gently and places it back on his chest.
‘Look, Mary, I don’t know how you found out, or who the fuck you are to be spying on people like that, but-‘
“Yeah, that sounds good,” John says, trying to hide his disappointment.
“I don’t know. Well, he stares at everyone. He either looks too much or not at all. But they don’t matter to him. He looks at me like I matter, all the time.”
“You faked your death so you could save your friends.”
You curse his name, then, with anger and affection, because him being not dead was all you’d wanted, but his presence looms over you when he’s alive as much as when he wasn’t, rich with possibility. You tried to shrug it off, leaving your old skin behind when you stepped into this marriage, but his fingerprints are steady there; he and all he stands for, a merciless call against these dun-stained days, this slow death. You want to be Mary’s husband, you want to be a doctor and help people and immerse in the sour-sweet satisfaction of living an ordinary life, doing your best every day. But you also want to run through London with Sherlock and witness every single piece of his mind turn into fireworks when he starts talking, and you want to be his… everything. He’s a thunderstorm and you want to be there for every second of it.
John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hair — something he’d been wanting to do for a while now — and tugged Sherlock’s face closer to his own.
“His mistress is a spy.”
“John?”
John was, in fact, so caught up in that smile that it took a moment to register the things surrounding that smile — or rather, not surrounding it, like horns.
John was in this alone.
John stood and went to the mantel. Among the other objects there was a black, leather-clad case, about the size of a pencil box.
He woke.
“May I…?” asked John, sliding his hands toward Sherlock’s elbows.
“Getting you some pyjamas,” he said, holding up a pair of soft-knit bottoms with purple unicorns on them.
“Moriarty possesses an extraordinary level of evil,” said Sherlock. “But, they’re all… capricious, even the ‘good’ ones. And we’re like animals to them — pets, if we’re amusing enough, and vermin if we aren’t.” This was punctuated by the click of the latches on the violin case.
“And you never met anyone you just… liked?”
The brass on the foot of the bed was darkening with tarnish.
“How’s the case?” he asked.
“No. I’m fine. Just… The music you were playing. It was very… It was good. Who’s it by?”
He doubted that the mess would harm magical pipes.
Other than that, it's just John's usual blood-soaked nightmares.
“And he used that to frame Irene Adler, because…?”
“Thank you, ma’am.  I am grateful for my place here.”
No. The most likely answer was that Sherlock had a violin and the manual dexterity to play it very well, despite claiming that he couldn’t even work a syringe.
“Elevend. They don’d wand to feed mbe lundch or andythind.”
“There you are!” said Mrs. Hudson. “How was your walk?”
“Well, now you know. You can figure out how to escape the enchantment or how to break the curse altogether, and you’ll be free to go. In fact, if you break the curse, we’ll all be free to go.”
“It’s…” Fine. It was fine. It didn’t ache or feel weak...
“You can send people home?” Why had she never told him this?
John’s own cock twitched in sympathy as he watched Sherlock respond to him.
“What kinds of things?” asked Sherlock, over the music.
He tried to ring her, but the signal was out again, so he texted instead.
Alright then.
“You do?” She looked at him, her eyes wide with surprise.
“I hate you too,” replied John. He kissed her on the forehead. “I’ll go make us something to eat then. You get changed.”
“Other people were involved, and those people had genders, but what you’re implying isn’t— I don’t involve myself in romantic entanglements. They’re a distraction from my work.”
“Could I stay up with you then?” asked John (well, blurted John). “After we have sex? Rather than just going straight back to bed?”
John wondered if that was sensitive too.
"Have there been many?"
“Sherlock—”
“I’m not gay,” he pointed out.
John set it on the desk.
“When I’m
“Oh, worse, John. I knew
“Your... work?”
Sherlock never finished that – just dug his claws into the mattress, shut his eyes tight, and growled.
He was running again. There was the intersection, and there was Baker Street — bright and busy with mid-morning traffic.
“So this proves that Irene Adler was in contact with Moriarty?” asked John.
It couldn’t have been for John tonight though. It was too quiet. This lonely, yearning music hadn’t been meant for his ears.
“Mrs. Hudson?”
It didn’t sound like his compassion was being appreciated.
, apparently.
“Just for pay, then?”
“I want you to come up here,” said John. “I want to finish this… a different way.”
She did the only thing she could do – she fled further up the stairs.
John put as many liquid calories into her as he could during her brief periods of wakefulness, but as he’d told Sherlock, she was well over the worst of it.
“What led you to believe that John is respectable?” asked Sherlock.
Early on, a laptop had appeared on the other side of the table that Sherlock used as a desk, along with an office chair that looked like something straight out of a 1930’s newsroom.
“You don’t eat.”
“I really don’t want her to fret,” said John.
Again.
“You’re lying,” said Sherlock. “But I appreciate the sentiment.”
John felt his skin start to flush — was Sherlock cataloguing that too? Filing it away for future reference in that massive mind of his along with the way John’s nipples hardened or how his lips were parted below the blindfold?
“I just don’t understand
John didn’t know what to say to that. It had been legal for a man to shag a man his entire lifetime. Sherlock had lived through times when it had been a criminal act — one that brought horrific punishments.
John still took a walk every morning. He felt the tension of too much pent-up energy otherwise. In the afternoons, he read or watched telly. Sometimes Sherlock watched with him. John pretended to be annoyed at the running commentary, but he suspected that Sherlock knew he found it amusing.
“Funny. My eyes have always been blue.”
“Watching porn and playing video games. Talking to your friends on social media. All things this can’t do because it’s not connected to the internet.”
“Step,” he said, and put John’s hand on the railing.
He felt suddenly very alone, standing on the cold, dim stair, his slippers forgotten somewhere in the sitting room. He wished that Sherlock had asked him to stay, to sleep with him. It occurred to John that he’d never seen Sherlock’s bedroom. He had no idea if it even contained a bed. He was pretty sure that sleep was another thing Sherlock didn’t require.
John folded his arms across his chest. “I scored 87 percent on the final, and how, exactly, did you manage to get access to my records?”
John ignored her.
“Closer,” said Sherlock, his voice rough with want, his hands pulling on John’s hips.
“Now the kissing,” John replied.
“Hm?” She tore her eyes away from the kettle and looked at him. “Oh yes, the… oddness. This is a pocket dimension of Faerie. As for why it’s so foggy — I really couldn’t say. It may serve a purpose or may just be typical Fae drama.”
“You don’d use the caned? Sindce whend?”
“No,” said Sherlock. “And buggery’s no longer a crime, thank God.”
John ducked and put his mouth to Sherlock’s nipple. He put his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer, sucking softly, pulling the entire areola into his mouth and licking it with the flat of his tongue.
“You’re joking,” said John.
“Nice jumper,” she said, when she finally came up for air.
Sherlock moaned — a low, rumble that washed down John’s flesh, making him shiver.
And also loud enough to startle John out of his own impending orgasm. But he held onto Sherlock, clung to him through the shivering aftershocks of pleasure all the way into the embarrassed shock of what had just occurred.
This is the static I curl into
She laughs. She isn’t the woman you know and love anymore; a lover metaphorphosed into a stranger with a bullet. ‘Do you think I didn’t know all along? You were dying to get your hands on him. It’s old news for everyone. No, this is not what it’s all about, John.’
With the gun at your temple, you don’t think there’s much left to do. You take a second to curse all the bad choices that led you to this very moment, when your skills mean nothing in front of the possibility of losing the two people you love the most. Taking a deep breath, you close your eyes and start walking.
John is about Sherlock’s age and he doesn’t seem very interesting, but he is looking at Sherlock with curious eyes and he apparently has something to hide, which might do just fine for a short-term mystery.
John should have been here; he needs John.
They’re finally back home.
Sherlock blinks.
The living room is familiar and foreign at the same time with all its edges and its shadows, tamed by years of history. Late-night violin, late-night cases. Boxes full of books, telly and serial killers. John sinks into his armchair, focusing on the warmth of the teacup, allowing himself two entire seconds spent in the blissful, thoughtless comfort of the place that used to be his home.
Whether it was due to my powers of persuasion or to Watson’s eventual willingness to be persuaded, I managed to insinuate myself back into his embrace while I provided him with all of the myriad reasons that I never wished to let him go.
To soothe
My Watson, in love?  With someone other than Mary?  His words, his turn of phrase… I was missing something, but what was it?  “At worst illegal,” he had said --
~oOo~
I took a deep breath, gathering my thoughts.  As little as I wished to discuss it, I realized that it might be helpful to me to tell Holmes my sad story.  “I never told you about Mary, I know.”
“I had to see for myself that you were in fact alive and in one piece, little brother.”
“Come, then, lad, we’ll get you seen to.”  He had my keys – God only knows how – and was about to open the front door when instead he paused, seemingly shocked into speechlessness.
“I, who take such pride in my observational skills,” he went on with a self-deprecatory shake of his head, “managed to miss the most important deduction of my entire life.  I had no idea that you felt that way about me.”
Another case solved, though it was hardly as satisfying as some of the others for which Watson has given me such outrageous credit over the years in the Strand. Yes, the identity of the blackmailer and his accomplices had been discovered, but there was no triumph involved in the discovery.
The quiet, subdued John Watson who now lived under this roof with me now suddenly made sense.  I had done all of these things to him – done them without remorse, or without even a second thought – but he still loved me enough that despite my callous disregard for his feelings, he believed that being with me was better than being without me.
But here was the blasted man tucked warmly into my own bed, the honey gold of his hair lying on my pillow, his arms steadfastly clasped around me, his mustache brushing against my ear as his warm voice murmured comforting nonsense to soothe me.
I had my own doubts as to the whereabouts of the gentleman in question – and I rather suspected  (correctly, as it later turned out) that Scotland had very little to do with where he might currently be found.  It was at the behest of Mr. Hollingsworth’s niece, Miss Edith Caruthers, that I was investigating Mr. Griffith to begin with.
at St. Bart’s.
“I thought I’d lost everything that mattered to me in life, my dear Holmes, but I hadn’t lost you -- and by God, I’m thankful for that every single day.”
He knew nothing of the sort, but I was in no frame of mind to argue with him at the moment.
I placed what I hoped was a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Of course I will not, Watson -- only tell me how I might help you find some relief. Even Scotland Yard would be able to observe that you’ve worked yourself almost to the edge of complete collapse.”
“There was another young mother on my ward today, near to her time, and she hadn’t even been ill for a full day before the influenza took her.  I thought to rescue her little one in a way that we’d been unable to save my son, so I operated as quickly as possible to try to save the baby -- but she was dead before I could take her from her mother.  I did my best -- I daresay that no other doctor could have done better in the circumstances -- but it brought back the memories of Mary and our son in a heartrending way.”
idea.”
When Lestrade lets him work with the police, he is forced to pick himself together again. Something is finally happening.
He also wishes that Sherlock would be upset with him. Shout at him, punch him, kick him out, so at least the tension between them takes palpable form and dies off with a bang. There is nothing that his guilt craves more, yet Sherlock keeps looking at him with an odd expression, miles away from any kind of anger or resentment. It's hateful and absolutely perfect. It's a feeling that he could shelter in his chest for ages to come, stinging and warm, turning his blood right.
He gently maneuvers Sherlock into lying down. He brings a blanket from the bedroom and tucks him in, brushes a few rebel curls from his forehead, listens to him breathe. His hand strays, as if of its own accord, towards Sherlock’s forehead, but he manages to stop himself half-way. He blinks, then decides-
He doesn’t allow himself to think about it too much, lest he starts hoping. He doesn’t know how that particular feeling would fit in his life, in the marred territory between his ribs. If life has taught him something, it’s that taking things as they are is the safer- and saner- bet when confronted with the flippant, dizzying alternative of hope.
Mary had known from the start. She’d looked at him like you look at a broken thing. Pity and amusement, dancing in synchronized steps on her face at his run-of-the-mill line-
Sherlock had wanted to save him.
John kisses him, and Sherlock feels like he really is.
‘Stolen goldfish,’ he says. ‘A thousand of them, to be more specific.’
Eventually, he stops visiting altogether.
“Yeah,” is all that John manages to say. “Me too.”
“I’m not used to what?”
And with that, you feel him tense up again, his muscles rigid beneath his skin against you. You didn’t want to make it sound condescending. You didn’t want to ruin the moment, but the bitterness in your chest couldn’t be silenced.
‘Shouldn’t have overestimated you,’ he says, one corner of his mouth turning upwards, obviously enjoying himself. Something inside you bursts. You feel like your whole system has been waiting for this moment for a long, long time, careful restraint to be opened into reckless abandon.
‘Yeah. I thought that too,’ you reply, ’but I suppose some things do change.’ You smile at him, not holding back anymore, anchoring yourself to this centre, to this moment that, whatever form may take, will always remain the same. Sure, there’s grief behind you, maybe too much, and God knows what lies ahead, but this, right now- this is perfect. There is nothing in your heart but a silence that swallows past mistakes and floods you with a love you never want to forfeit. It’s too much, too heavy for words.
Where did he go?
Sherlock finds out that John’s father wants him to become a soldier.
Mary’s amused voice echoes in his mind. He smiles against Sherlock’s shirt.
Some part of all this- Sherlock holding his daughter and leaving with Mycroft,
To John it feels like familiar and uncharted territory at the same time, an old project revisited, redacted and possibly improved (with a cost). He’s tempted to feel like an intruder, but the way Sherlock welcomes him into his space day by day leaves no place for doubt. He is wanted. In a ridiculous flash, he imagines Sherlock saying this (because it’s something that Sherlock would say, if he knew how to):
told in reverse, to the idolized birth
and to
Something fierce and protective coils in his chest. He doesn’t want Sherlock to experience any of that darkness, not more than he already has.
John nodded. “— because she thought he was an impostor. Merryweather got the same treatment, or appeared to. I assume that means something.”
“’Salright.” John looked at her, illuminated by the light shining through the kitchen window as she bent over to pick up the toast.
Sherlock smiled mirthlessly. “Oh, he knew it was only a reputation. I had contacts among the workers — people who gathered information for me from time to time. He knew I never engaged in amorous activities with anyone. This—” He hefted his cock, wrapped in the silk of his dressing gown. “
Sherlock did stop.
“I do. Sometimes.”
“I was afraid I’d offended you.”
“Alright,” John conceded.
“What happened? Did it—?”
“Could be,” said Sherlock. “It could be anything. They tailor it to the spell. For example, Ms. Adler had a brass rose that she could speak to when she wanted to contact Merryweather. A spell like this — only meant to be used once — could be contained on a slip of paper or some other disposable item. Although…”
“Well, my imagination was more captured by the manner in which you described… being the active party.”
“Harry…”
“No, it’s not,” John agreed. It had felt good, though. He’d laughed with two people now in as many days.
“No, I like it,” said Sherlock. “It’s… It’s… unexpected, is all.”
“I’ll explain it all John, but first I want to make love to you, right here, in the full light of day, with no constraints — alright?”
John tilted Sherlock’s head back, pinched his nose, and breathed into Sherlock’s mouth.
… gets an immediate boot back to the mundane world. I believe that's Mycroft's doing, but for once, I agree with him. It’s a wicked deed!”
“For doing as I pleased with what’s mine.”
“Yes! Please, John.”
Because of John.
The tune he was playing was very nearly cheerful and John was smiling to himself as he listened.
“Don’t stop,” whinged Sherlock.
“That’s one way of putting it.”
“Gavin,” said Sherlock. “Right, whatever. Listen, I need to examine the rose paperweights from the Merryweather case… What do you mean you don’t remember it? It was Bradstreet’s case — the one with The Woman… Yes, Irene Adler… Yes, I know it’s been closed… Yes, I know it’s been 37 years. I’d think, if anything, that would make it easier to obtain the evidence. It’s not like anyone cares about it anymore… I
“Is that a bad thing?” asked John. “You got used to me.”
he thought as he headed into the little bathroom on the opposite side of the landing.
“I’d send her out, of course,” said Sherlock. “But yes. I’m nothing to them but a thorn in their side — a pest to be got rid of. I suspect most of them can’t understand why Moriarty bothered to curse me. I’d be long gone by now if he hadn’t.”
John tucked his head down and sucked Sherlock’s nipple.
They both turned to look at him as he entered.
“Sooner or later she’ll run out of girlfriend drama and work drama, and then she’ll be back on family drama. And that’s me. I’m family drama.”
“And the street as well?”
“I went over the rules of my incarceration. You can’t see me in my human form, but there’s nothing saying you can’t touch me… if you want.”
“Would you?”
“It’s my house. Even the Fae recognize my right to refuse a tenant. But I only do it if they’re terribly unsuitable. Children or… Well, I don’t let them stay if they’re on drugs — with Sherlock… you know. And the one time I did allow it, the fellow was out within the hour. That’s how I found out that anyone he talks into helping him…
And — “Fuck u John.”
“Geoff! Yes, of course. Listen, I need you to do a welfare check... Yes, I’m aware of your rank... Make something up... Fine, but make sure whoever you send knows enough not to compromise the scene... Yes, of course it’s a crime scene — why d’you think I’m trying to send a detective-inspector over? Good. I want to see all of the photographs as soon as possible... No, don’t have Mycroft deliver them.” Sherlock sighed. “I don’t know why you’re so chummy with him — he has all the warmth and charm of a pissoir in February... Have it your way. Tell him to dispatch three hundred quid to Wiggins before six.” Sherlock rattled off an address in Notting Hill and hung up. He flopped down in his chair.
The giant bed was gone. There was a wardrobe, a table, a single brass bed, and a coal-burning fireplace in the corner.
“It is
He met no one. The houses and shops appeared to be deserted. He never came to a cross-street nor an alley. John checked his watch. He’d been walking for a little over ten minutes.
“So Moriarty gave you this… in order to remind you… of what you can’t have anymore?”
He had breathed, but now he wasn’t.
He continued to breathe for Sherlock — buying time while his mind looked for answers.
Sherlock craned his neck to see who it was.
John texted her back.
“Sherlock? What…?”
“I want that. I want you to feel good.” He pinched Sherlock’s nipple a little harder, escalating the sensation the way he knew Sherlock liked. Sherlock arched slightly, pressing his nipple into John’s hand. “I want to watch you feeling good, Sherlock, because of me, because I’m making you feel that way.”
“If you’ll play some more for me.”
“You said that even a piece of paper can hold an enchantment?”
Mrs. Hudson?
There's a gory description of a corpse that was beaten to death in this chapter.  Drugs and needles show up again at the end, as well as an accidental cut to John's hand.  Suicidal ideation and a suicide attempt also occur.
“Awake?” asked Sherlock.
“I think there was little doubt of that,” said Sherlock. “What it proves is that he wanted me to know it. He didn’t need it in Notting Hill — he knows how to work a telephone, after all.” Sherlock wandered over to the sofa and stood there looking at the photographs. “Just like he wanted me to believe that someone had ransacked his home.”
John turned back toward Sherlock, who was still sitting on the sofa and scowling at the box.
“A little,” admitted John. “And the claws and that thing you did with your tail. And the way your smooth, glossy coat felt between my– ”
“They’re getting hard, and you pinch them, roll them between your thumb and forefinger.”
“This body is meant to represent my many failings — to manifest them physically. Moriarty thinks me perversely proud of my freakishness. So he gave me an elegantly monstrous appearance.”
Loving someone who was gone.
“It’s not that funny,” said Sherlock, as the fit petered out.
He was only musing out loud — an unfortunate habit that he’d got into lately. His remark seemed to make Sherlock even frostier though.
John considered this as he poured hot water over the teabag in his mug. Being incommunicado did simplify things. Still…
“Probably because I am rather more aggressive about messing it up.”
“I’m updating my monograph on the effects of various gross materials on enchantments,” was the reply.
John tugged the drawer open. Sitting on top of a pile of vintage cooking gadgets and old lab equipment was a charging cable wound neatly around its brick.
“Are you alright?” asked Sherlock. “You sound… not alright.”
“He owed Moriarty his life from then on, literally,” said Sherlock. “Moriarty could take it whenever he pleased, without consequence. There’d be no need to get anyone else to do the dirty work, simply remove the spell and he’d succumb to his injuries.”
“What kinds of things would you like to do with me, John?” Sherlock’s voice was closer now. “If you could come down here, into this room, while I’m human, what would you do with me?”
“Wouldn’t matter if there were.” Sherlock leaned forward and kissed John.
He walked on and John followed.
Sherlock opened for him this time and John didn’t hesitate. He slipped inside Sherlock’s mouth and tasted the warmth and sweetness there. Sherlock seemed hesitant at first, mainly just responding to John, but he quickly got the hang of it and took more initiative. And John stood in the dark and revelled in it. He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d kissed someone who had practically no experience, and he was pretty sure that it wasn’t like this. He loved being Sherlock’s guinea pig. He loved having him experiment and catalogue every response.
He would finally be allowed to die because the heart that Moriarty felt he owned would be broken.
been pressed against my hip for half the night,” said Sherlock. “It must’ve happened gradually — the proverbial frog being boiled alive.”
“Not really. No.”
Understanding dawns on Sherlock’s face. He looks at John with… empathy?
“What happened?” John asks, keeping his voice low. Sherlock is spread beneath him like an offering, pale against the dark blue satin of the sheets. Cold (the wind), cold (the sheets), warm (Sherlock’s skin). Burning (the scars). John hears the possessive streak in his own voice, feels the fire (anger, arousal) burning low in his abdomen, centers himself to uncover the worry and the affection beneath them.
Sherlock moans, smacking his head against the armchair with a little more force than it would be strictly decent and John wants him to do it again, so he shifts to his other nipple, repeating the motion. A swift sweep of the tongue, an open-mouthed kiss, teeth scraping gently- he does it again and again, hand brushing over Sherlock’s erection only by accident until his nipples are wet and just a little bit swollen, until he has to hold Sherlock’s hips in place to stop him from pushing up.
There will be an epilogue later on. Until then, thanks for reading, y'all! Comments make me happy :)
, you’re alive and there’s no reason to let a ghost ruin this?
- but it had been through the protective image of Mary, a third party to contain the raw, vulnerable truth.
“Yes,” Sherlock pants. “I heard you. You wanted to say how you want to be the only one in charge of my pleasure. You said something else.”
‘Oh.’
“I want to be in charge of your pleasure and only your pleasure,” John remembers.
and receive
The last chapter! I've updated the rating and the tags. Enjoy!
He grows up.
John smiles despite himself, remembers how easily Sherlock had killed. For Mary. For him. He would do it again, no doubt. Or would he? Would John deserve that anymore?
You know he’s going to regret it, yet you can’t seem to make your brain work enough to stop. Like…cocaine, cigarettes, murder; a trigger that keeps you wanting more and more. You can pretend with the best of them, but when you let feeling slip behind your composure, it’s all gone. In those moments you’re not entirely yours anymore, and it’s both a burden and an immense relief.
“Human, remember?” he says, and John is dangerously close to being convinced, even as the tenderness in Sherlock’s gaze threatens to overwhelm him. Sherlock hasn’t abandoned his research, his hands now exploring John’s neck at a leisurely pace, barely-there touches on his Adam’s apple, beneath his ears, at the nape of his neck. John’s breath catches in his throat when Sherlock kisses his brow, his cheek, his nose, his chin, little pecks that feel a little like being kissed by a fawn. Which has to be, at least partially, true.
. More than that, the warm gleam in his eyes and the way he smiles with unbridled affection reveal that he knows the exact trajectory of John’s fleeting identity crisis- and he gets it.
, he thinks, staring up into a grey-blue frown. He mirrors it unconsciously. It hurts. He remembers that something is wrong, but the details elude him, dissipating away from his conscious mind like smoke in open air. Although he knows there is blood- he can feel the ripe, pungent smell of it-, there’s no pain registering in his body.
‘Yes. Twice.’
) as if he’d stated a universal truth.
‘Sherlock…you…her…’
‘Clue? Of course I have a clue. I always have a clue.’ He definitely looks like he has no clue.
You decide that you might just want that. You kiss a sturdy soldier in the back of an obscure nightclub and you let him take you home, you let yourself be taken apart without any tenderness. Like an addict in need of a fix. The man looks like John enough for you to pretend that it’s him pulling your hair, curling his fingers inside you, fucking you rough and unrestrained. You feel like a heart-broken cliché by the time you’re leaving, barely holding yourself straight as you walk home. You feel spent, satisfied and empty. You think of him seeing you like this, knowing that you were in someone else’s bed. He could read it in your eyes, in your tousled hair, in your walk. You imagine him taking you home and claiming you his own with vengeful fury. You imagine him taking you home and erasing the night’s shortcomings with an affection that you don’t deserve. Each scenario is equally frightening and you want it so much that your hands are shaking on the door handle, turning the lights on, washing yourself clean. It’s all precipitated, dissolved beneath the neon light into neurotic desire and an affection beyond your understanding, the kind of thing that you were taught to bury deep and never reveal to others. You’ve hid it so well that you’ve concealed it from yourself, too, until the right moment came and it surfaced, hitting you hard enough to destroy.
