I had laughed WITH John. I realised that for the first time in many, many years, I was sharing the joke – not bored, not playing a role, and most importantly, not the butt of the joke.
"I want to be with you for the rest of our lives. Marriage should convince you that I'm serious – that I won't leave."
“Moriarty. He got to the jury – that’s how he was acquitted. He threatened the people they loved. That’s what he does. He threatened us – you, me, Mrs. Hudson, Molly – maybe even Mycroft. Moriarty made him do it, made him .... jump... to spare us – that’s the only thing that makes sense!”
Shane crab-walked away from Moran and the spreading pool of blood, horrified at himself and Dusette. When his back hit a wall, he wrapped his arms around his knees and sat there shivering. Vaguely he watched Dusette search Moran’s pockets for keys and then systematically try them all on Sherlock’s shackles until she found the right one and freed him. They were talking, but Shane couldn’t hear them over the sound of his beating heart and gasping breaths.
I paused. Another, different, shock of fear buzzing through me. "John…" I began, faltering. "John, I've tested negative for HIV… but I had gonorrhea." It was excruciating to admit - I burned with the humiliation.
I was still reeling from last night’s revelations – Sherlock had a sex life! He’d had an affair with Victor! He was in love with someone! Who had rejected him! I tried to imagine this man and I simply could not.
John counted out his breaths, slowing them. He consciously relaxed his muscles. He reminded himself that if he panicked, Sherlock would feel it through their empathetic link – if he were in trouble too, the last thing he needed was to agitate him more.
What was he doing here? Why had he come back? Standing there in HIS toilet, John making tea in their kitchen… THIS is what he had hoped for, but under very different circumstances. He desperately wanted to walk out there and put his arms around John, feel him relax in Sherlock’s embrace… that would never happen now. Why had he been so stupid?!
Now my partnership with Mycroft was at an end. I’d go back to rehab and he’d go back to thinking of me as an irresponsible little boy. Why even bother with rehab? It was too hard. I’d probably fail at it anyway. I could find a flop house and a reliable dealer....
So when Shane said, “I really like you, John.” And leaned in to kiss him, John let it happen. It felt so different from kissing a woman – Shane was so much stronger and rougher, his chin sandpapery against John’s cheek, and hungrier, more demanding. John liked it.
John threw back the blankets and stood up, not caring that the hospital gown gaped open in the back. He grabbed the overnight bag and stalked into the toilet, shutting the door firmly behind him. He saw himself in the mirror – a haggard middle-aged man whose ginger hair was graying rapidly, with dark circles under angry eyes. He tore off the gown. The bruises covering his body were even more lurid now, greens, yellows, purples, pinks, blues and blacks swirling across his skin. It was alien, the body he saw in the mirror, too thin and too strange to be his own.
Now I had a bottom bunk near the window, a bit of shelf space, a small income and some amount of security – rape was always a threat. I was feeling positive – maybe I could wrap all this up quickly and get out of this vile hell hole! I could go home!
“And this one is so beautiful. I would have wanted him even if he weren’t a genius – and he is a genius, Johnny boy. A proper genius. Not just ‘smart for an Omega.’ That brother of his had him educated too – educated like an Alpha. Rather stupid of him if you ask me, why give an Omega a taste of what they can never have? It makes them uppity. Although it is more fun to break the uppity ones.
“That’s exactly why I’ve known so few. Most unbonded Omegas stay close to home to avoid being harassed. Bonded Alphas frequently keep their Omega close, guarding them instinctually from competing Alphas. Because there are fewer Omegas than Alphas, bonding with one has become a sign of status – wealthy Alphas will pay a ‘bride price’ for an Omega to bond into the family. I believe my grandmother won a bidding war to secure my father for my mother, her heir.”
"That's bollocks! Ok, I wasn't thrilled Dad remarried, but I was never going to be happy about that no matter WHO he chose. His sexuality had nothing to do with it."
"Not. In. A. Cab." There it was: fury. I was furious with Sherlock. He'd led me on, toyed with me! I'd dumped my girlfriend for him! I'd never been with a man, but I was willing, for him. Only for him! And this is what he does!
Sherlock shot him a sharp look. “I’m unwashed and sticky and I have a big cock stuck up my arse.” He retorted. John smiled at the rush of fondness Sherlock sent through their bond with the words.
He glanced down at the jacket in his hands. “I need you here, John.” He repeated. “I need to know you are here... that there’s a reason to come home...”
“Umm ... there were times I didn’t even think you were human, but let me tell you this: you were the best man, and the most human ... human being that I’ve ever known and no one will ever convince me that you are a fraud, and so ... there.” He was close to tears – I’d never heard his voice like this! “I was SO alone, and I owe you so much.”
Sherlock returned his attention to the view. The rain had coated the window, distorting the garden. "Not yet."
Sherlock stalked disgustedly to the bank of lifts and stabbed the button. "What happened, Bruno? Your mum go into hospital and never come out? Baby Bruno gets a complex?"
I hesitated then pulled Sherlock’s aubergine shirt from the rack and held it out to Mycroft. He took it. “Shoes.” He said. I picked up his best pair and then pulled aubergine socks from the drawer and tucked them into one of the shoes.
A thought occurred and John laughed at himself bitterly - all that effort to breathe freely. He could have stayed on his back and let himself die - his agony would have ended. He could have denied Moran the pleasure of torturing him to death. He could have saved Sherlock the trouble of trying to rescue him.
When John pulled out, Sherlock filled his lungs with air, desperate for oxygen. John leaned down and kissed him, not minding – or not noticing – the drool coating Sherlock's chin. Sherlock kissed back hungrily, his fingers finding John's hair and pulling.
“The pain, though, when he chooses someone else – and he will choose someone else. If not not Shane now, eventually there WILL be someone else. You can’t hold him.”
“I’m on three.” He said, heading to the stairwell. Mycroft climbed behind him silently. Lestrade unlocked the door to his flat and gestured for Mycroft to precede him. Inside, Mycroft looked around. Lestrade tried to see it through the other man’s eyes. It was spare — just the basics, couch, telly, coffee table, dining table. Most of it had come in flat DIY packages. For decoration he had a print of a painting he favoured on the wall over the couch and a few photos of Georgianna pinned to the refrigerator.
John wasn't there – no one was there... but his duffel was in the corner and his dressing gown was slung over the chair and it was comforting. My skin ached and my head throbbed and I felt like I was walking through wet cement. I sat down on John's bed and kicked off my shoes. I struggled out of my jacket and trousers and snuggled into John's bed. His pillow smelled like him. I rested my head on it.
“The man who gave you that...” I spared one finger to point at her necklace. “...doesn’t want to marry you. Cut him loose.”
He forced himself up and spent the day in the military archives wearing an hideously uncomfortable facial prosthetic that made him appear to have been badly burned. There was very little there about Moran's time in the mid-east, but there was a short account of young Lieutenant Moran in the Falklands. He was employed as a sniper in the battle of Goose Green and cited for bravery in the field – he provided sniper cover for all 35 hours of the battle, killing or wounding 23 Argentine soldiers.
It was cold in the loft and the power was off. Sherlock lit a candle and drank a bottle of the water he kept there. He lay down on the threadbare futon in his clothes and piled quilts on top of himself. He pulled up the first of Shane Bruno's novels, "The Teddlington Towpath Murders.' It was about the rape and murder of two teenaged girls in 1953. It was a famous case in its time and Bruno's book, Sherlock grudgingly admitted, was extremely well researched and organized.
"John...!" Sherlock's voice was plaintive, but I didn't answer. What was there to say? He'd told me he'd had lovers – he had a bloody cock piercing, for god's sake! But I still hadn't been prepared for it. Maybe I HAD still thought of him as asexual, innocent. Knowing he'd had lovers and seeing him flirting shamelessly with one were different things.
"No, I mean it. I love you, John. I want to be with you. And I know you care about me too. Sherlock... Sherlock doesn't have to change that... doesn't have to change us." Shane kissed John's temple. John could feel him trembling. "If your stay in hospital showed me anything, it showed that there's room for both of us..."
Watson’s eyes narrowed, and he stepped in front of his mate. Mummy remembered to look at him, not the Omega.
"Almost there." John breathed. Another gunshot, impossibly close, and John jumped and shuddered but continued our forward motion. It was amazing how he kept it together despite his fear and pain, despite having been shot before... this is what had made me trust him, this amazing steadiness of character. This courage.
“Why do you stare at the guns, John?” Cam asked. I hated the sound of my name in his emotionless voice.
I went directly up to my room when I returned home, and lay down. I hadn't stopped to see if Sherlock was still peering into his microscope, making notes in his illegible shorthand. Just the thought of his long, elegant fingers sent a thrill to my groin...
"Obviously." Sherlock replied, his eyes flicking over the other man. John wondered what Sherlock was seeing, what he was deducing. It couldn't be bad or he would have said so immediately, pressed whatever advantage he could.
“Are you hurt?” John tried to ask. But it didn’t come out right. He couldn’t hear himself over the screaming.
I woke early the next morning ready to get on with the case. I wanted to examine the trail on which Sir Afan had had his ‘accident.’ I’d brought hiking kit: a suitable pair of boots from my disguise closet, a sturdy pair of trousers and a warm jumper. If I couldn’t borrow a jacket, I’d have to wear my everyday coat.
“Unfortunately, I do. Sherlock was endangered by an unconscionable error on my part. I am in your debt.” Mycroft bowed his head lower in submission. “I am beyond grateful that his care has passed to such capable hands.”
“Give your people the signal, Lestrade.” Sherlock whispered. “John and I are going to have a look around. Bill, when we’re out of the room, start a fight. Something big and distracting. We don’t want anyone to come looking for us.” Sherlock stood up and, pushing by John, staggered out from behind the table. He fixed his eyes on the floor, so he didn’t have to look at all the Alphas. John was directly behind him, a stabilising presence at his back.
“Sherlock? No.” I said. “He hasn't.” I was curious, of course, but if Sherlock didn’t want me to know...
She brought Molly with her. Several of the young people sobbed unashamedly to see mother and daughter Omegas together. That they might have
You know I'm not good with these sorts of things – love and everything that goes with it. But it appears I have no choice in the matter. I love you. I said that already. Sorry. You are wonderful and amazing and I can't function without you. If you want sex, I can give that to you – I've been studying videos online and I feel confident I can perform adequately.
“I don’t want to think that. Before I saw this will, I would have said absolutely not. But now... I don’t know what to think.”
But a few seconds later he retrieved the letter and smoothed it out on the coffee table. He read it through.
The conservatory was airy and spare, one wall made of windows, all black as the night beyond them. A stuffed tiger, nine feet long, paced the marble floor and the heads of other animals – an elephant, a bear, a zebra and an elaborately antlered elk among them – were mounted on the walls. Cam sat with Mary on a white divan and smoked non-stop. Seb served brandy. The other guests flocked to Cam, almost sycophantly. I didn’t know why – if Seb’s blue eyes were cold, Cam’s were arctic, flat and dead and dangerous.
John sat at the table, shielding his eyes from the light, groaning a little each time he moved. I left him alone, I had a... well, honestly, a not very interesting case, a five if I were being generous. I took my time with it, though the answer had been obvious after a few minutes.
"Shane, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, I'd like you to meet Shane." The tension in the room was suffocating.
I scoffed impatiently. “Because you’ve tried to take care of me.” I sucked the liquid into the syringe and set it aside. I tied the rubber tubing around my bicep and started the search for a good vein. I glanced up at Nazer. If he expected me to bloody thank him for it, he could go to hell. But I had just enough appreciation for his care (for the heroin) not to say that out loud.
The whole topic of Alphas was fraught. Some of the Omegas tied themselves up in knots over it – they had only know abuse and neglect from the Alphas in their early lives and in the whorehouse. Whilst rationally they could comprehend that not all Alphas were the same, they were still terrified.
Other Alphas – and even larger Betas – gave them lots of room, stepping off the sidewalk, not looking directly at Sherlock, keeping their hands where John could see them. Everyone knew that newly bonded Alphas were touchy. It was common courtesy, drilled into children from their earliest years, that you kept your eyes and your distance from a newly bonded pair. No one needed to poke that bear. If you did, whatever happened was your own fault. The law was not on your side.
Lestrade opened his door and slid out, Mycroft following. He led the way to his front door as the sedan pulled away, felt for his keys and unlocked it. He held the door open for Mycroft.
But he HADN’T remembered. Or he hadn’t cared when he was high. Or he'd sabotaged himself for some reason he couldn't recall. So now he was penniless and sick. Too sick to think this all through and come up with a plan. Which left him with very few options.
I waited, breath held. Nothing. Nothing! I bounced my forehead against the wall gently, holding back tears that suddenly threatened to spill. I had to be strong. I had to be strong for Sherlock.
John settled and sighed. “No one has ever loved me the way you do.” He murmured. “I never want to lose that. Waiting... waiting is hard. I adore you! And I miss you ... waiting is so hard...”
Walter nodded. "Still am, just in recovery. But it wasn't forced on me, I did it to myself. That was decades ago and I still feel the pull."
He woke up at half eight when a nurse came in to take John’s vitals – he hadn’t woken when John had been returned to the room, nor when John’s breakfast tray had been delivered. As he wiped the drool off his cheek, Sherlock assessed John. He was polite to the nurse but not friendly. He smiled grimly when she checked his urine output and adjusted his I.V. He asked only one question.
We clung to each other afterwards. John kissed me, less desperately than before, but still fiercely. I held him tight against my chest and whispered into his hair.
John released him suddenly. Sherlock sagged against the door, bereft without John’s hands on his body. He turned around – John was still there, very close. His face was pink with effort and arousal and his prick pushed the fabric of his pajamas out obscenely.
Sherlock stood up. He could see a knot of hospital personnel gathered, several attempting to calm a middle aged woman in street clothes.
Eventually, Victor carried Gereth out of the maze, marching in front of the gun I held on them. I felt ridiculous, it was obvious to me that Victor wouldn't run. But John was behind me, helping the injured Lady Anwen.
Then John's surgeon and circulatory specialist came by. Sherlock retreated to the window as they talked with John. They tested his flesh and drew on his wrist with a black sharpie – the line between what John would keep and what he would lose. The fingers of that hand were gray and curling inward, useless. But John tried again and again to make them move.
Bob had leaned forward. "John, Shane is right, no one should expect you to make any big decisions right now. Let yourself off the hook. You didn't create this situation, maybe it's not something that you have to resolve."
Mummy looked at Sherlock with real interest, possibly for the first time in his life. “Pickpocket? Show me.”
The warning came just in time — Lestrade got his bat between himself and the poor infected soul coming towards him. But there were a hundred right behind! He managed to kick it — him — into the one on its heels, and yank the gun from its holster under his arm, flick off the safety and fire it into the forehead of the woman grabbing for his arm, teeth snapping. He shot three more, four, five, six, before Sherlock reached down to help haul him up on top of the skip. Hands grabbed at him, teeth clacked, as he clambered up into Sherlock’s embrace — the skip was open and they teetered, but Sherlock prevented Lestrade from falling into the rotting garbage.
I sat down – I was wrapped in his dressing gown (and nothing else) and it occurred to me that if Mrs. Hudson came in right now, the jig would be up.
"No, you don't want it, not really. You want to fuck, have your dick sucked. Nothing to be ashamed of, fags need alphas. I would suck your cock right now, lick him off of you, if he weren't in the next room."
A few minutes later, I heard him crashing about and swearing. I was with him in an instant, keeping him upright, helping him pick up his cane and navigate the stairs – I carried him up the last few. I helped him to his unwrinkled bed and pulled off his shoes.
Mycroft was silent. It wasn’t his fault, not really. I didn’t blame him. I didn’t have to tell him that – he knew already. He simply blamed himself.
“Yes, thank you.” I accepted the mug gratefully and spooned in the sugar. “I want to take a look at the trail Sir Afan was on when he had his accident.” I told her. “I understand it starts quite near the house?”
Moran slashed out at her with the knife he’d pulled out of his arm. She evaded and jabbed with her knife, scoring a cut on his shoulder. And another along his thigh – she had knives in both hands!
"No, of course." She hesitated, then dropped her voice. "Did he tell you what he's found out? When I spoke to him this morning, he said he was close."
As he fastened his trousers, Sherlock’s stomach began to churn again, threatening to expel whatever was left – or nothing, just heave vainly in protest – and his head was beginning to ache abominably. It’s just a hangover, he told himself, completely normal the morning after a drugs overdose. On top of a concussion.
“Upstairs.” I said. “Right now.” I grasped his hand and we ran up the stairs together laughing. We made it almost to the top before he tugged me to a stop. I turned back to him, he stood on the stair below me, smiling – glowing. I kissed him thoroughly, not having to stretch up for once. Sherlock had remembered how much I liked it this way. “I love you.” I murmured, sucking on his lip.
Alfred sat on the very edge of the chair and John laid Molly in his arms. She was restless now, coming out of the sedation. “You’ve got her?” John asked.
I almost burst into tears of frustration. If he would just GIVE ME WHAT I NEEDED everything would be fine.
I threw the trilby onto the table, hating the thing (I loathed wearing hats almost as much as ties. So strange that I was linked with the bloody ear hat!). I forced myself to raid Mrs. Hudson's larder - I was nowhere near healthy enough to ignore my body's needs, much as I was wont to. It was a difficult habit to overcome, but I found homemade muffins, mixed nuts, beetroot juice and a banana and told myself if I ate a handful of nuts and the banana, I could have a muffin or two. The beetroot juice washed it all down satisfactorily. Whilst I ate, I decided I would wait for John to come home. I had been without him far too long. Far, FAR too long.
John sat down on his bed, unzipping his trousers very quickly and taking his throbbing cock in his hands. He stroked himself few times, letting out groans he tried so desperately to silence. Sherlock’s bare chest appeared right in front of his eyes again. John’s imagination changed the image a bit and here he saw Sherlock standing completely naked. John was stroking himself faster, more fantasies playing in his head. He was already a mess. His breathing was quick, he could feel sweat on his forehead. John moaned, rolling his hips, trying so hard. Oh, the things he could do to Sherlock.
It was never better for John. What good can it bring if it drives another to such act? Erasing himself from the narrative completely? What good can it bring?
He remembered the time Mycroft told him about what happened. How Sherlock didn’t believe him and he just simply ran back to Baker Street. He ignored scared Mrs. Hudson as he made his way upstairs to find the flat empty. He wasn’t convinced, maybe John got a new flat? He slowly made his way downstairs to find Mrs. Hudson crying. She wasn’t crying because Sherlock was back. Sherlock could see sadness and grief. She only said one word, one name and Sherlock knew. He knew it was true. The truth, the reality really sank in when he saw the gravestone for the first time. He didn’t cry. He didn’t say anything. For the few days, nothing happened. And then he broke down. He felt the worst. But today it was even more worse.
“You seem to have a system worked out – alternate nights. Of course, it’s hard to get any alone time.”
Then I got down to it. First things first, I covered my ginger hair with a black watch cap. Then I rummaged through my closet upstairs for my old green army coat – the black donkey coat I usually wore was too easy to spot.
I hugged his shoulder, kissing his cheek and filling my lungs with the scent of his skin. It hurt my heart to see how bereft of kindness and contact his life had been that a little dog warming his feet could seem so profound.
“Lady Anwen herself and her three brothers. Several servants received generous annuities. And the family lawyer is getting a significant amount.”
“My love.” I kissed his forehead. “My Sherlock. Wouldn’t it be safer for both of us if you stayed here tonight? You said they’re watching, they could see you leaving... if they did, I might never see you again. I couldn’t bear that. Please, love, stay.”
"Let me take your coat." Shane said. John handed his jacket over and Shane hung it in the front hall. "Would you like a drink? I have beer, wine, water – sparkling and still."
I was. I was trembling, my heart racing, my breathing shallow. John rolled back onto the bed and cuddled next to me, stroking my hair. "It's all right." He crooned. "You're with me now. You're safe."
“I’ve missed you.” I said. Then to rid my throat of the lump, I teased him. “I didn’t know you were a chubby chaser.”
I should be so lucky! “Well...” I said slowly. “That’s not impossible... but it’s much more likely he had a family emergency or something and was called away suddenly.”
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course, I am! I don’t want children!” He said the word like one might say ‘cockroaches,’ or ‘weeping sores.’
“Oh yes. It’s brilliant camouflage. And protection – the Kazakh government insists it can’t possibly exist. But Sherlock found conclusive evidence.”
"John, don't confuse what YOU would or wouldn't accept for what Sherlock would or wouldn't. If you were in Sherlock's position, you think you would walk away. But that doesn't mean he will."
"He'd rowed with Selwyn. Geraint might think he should have been the heir. Owen Hughes might have been desperate for a larger bequest. There are numerous possibilities."
"In bed." Shane said. "I want you in my bed." He slid off the couch and pulled John to his feet, into his arms. John smiled and leaned up to kiss Shane again, his jeans sliding down his thighs.
He laid John out and took the opportunity to hastily rub John’s hands in an attempt to promote blood flow. He avoided looking at John’s swollen and bruised sex organs. Sherlock knew exactly what had happened the moment he saw them. He put it out of his mind.
I climbed the stairs wearily and opened my door. The room had been tidied, but no one was there. I knocked at the adjoining door. There was no answer, so I went in. John’s room too was empty. I pulled out my phone and dashed off another text.
He hoped it was Moran. He didn't want to watch Madam Dusette kill another henchman. That had been bloody unpleasant. He just wanted her to kill Moran quickly, preferably when he wasn't looking, so he could leave this horrible place forever.
John fell asleep in the ridiculous bladder machine. He realized this when Nurse Church came to take him to physical therapy.
If I thought it took forever to GET to the prison, getting out and flying back to Uzbekistan was absolutely interminable. We’d had to fight our way out, battle for every meter of hallway, whilst taking two prisoners (“Intel, sir. Mr. Holmes wants to know exactly what happened here.”) and carrying a wounded soldier. The firefight with the guards precluded our helicopter from landing in the exercise yard, as it had for the medical team with Sherlock. We had to blow a hole in the cinderblock wall and sprint 400 meters through the woods wearing night vision goggles, laying down cover fire in turns every 50. I had one arm of the wounded soldier over my shoulders, sharing him with a petite private who managed her unwieldy goggles with enviable ease as we dragged our unfortunate companion to the helicopter.
Lestrade was in the great hall, but some trick of acoustics made his voice clearly audible in the library.
She beamed at him. “Good. Let me know what you decide. Oh, one more thing, Watson, take care of yourself – nothing breaks my heart like seeing a young Omega on my table because his bondmate was a reckless, thrill-seeking idiot that got himself killed. Protecting him also means protecting yourself.”
But I held my tongue. Sherlock had waited until he could dress and walk around before meeting. He had refused to receive me – or anyone – in his hospital room, so I wasn’t going to fuss over him now. And in spite of his thinness and the shadows of healing bruises still evident on his face, he looked beautiful to me.
He was somewhere in between. Never getting tired. Oh, he would give so much away to at least open his eyes or move. Not moving was boring. Dull.
"I'm pretty sure you already figured this out." Moriarty answered him. Yes, Sherlock already knew. He sighed silently and let out an unexpected groan out of pain. Moriarty just laughed. "I love this sound you make when you are in pain." Sherlock was taking deeps breaths, trying to stop the pain in his body, but body was betraying him. Moriarty suddenly crouched next to Sherlock again and janked his hair so Sherlock's face was in Moriarty's level, which made Sherlock let out a cry, his hands trying to break free, causing more pain in his whole body. "I'm sure you and I will have lots of fun. Isn't that right?" Moriarty asked, but got no response. He chuckled and released Sherlock's hair. The detective's head fell down on the hard ground. Moriarty walked away from Sherlock and spoke again: "Secretive. Clever." He walked away into the darkest corner the of room, leaving Sherlock alone on the ground, with few tears in his eyes.
The song became more frantic, playing all the emotions he felt, all the emotions he heard in John’s voice. He played everything.
“I brought take out for us. Are you hungry?” he asked John. With all this frustration, John didn’t even notice he was hungry, so he walked to the kitchen without any answer. Sherlock was already wearing his night gown while they sat and ate in silence.
Sherlock knew that after John married Mary, he will lose John. So he slowly prepared himself. He prepared himself to know, that he will never see colors again.
This time, Sherlock broke their kiss. He looked at his soulmate, drawing circles on John’s hips. Small smile appeared on his lips. John answered him, but his eyes were saying other things. His genuine smile turned into something else, as his pupils dilated more. The lust was back again and John looked dangerous.
But everything was so confusing. The voice seemed familiar. But he had no idea who it was. It felt awfully familiar. That was all he knew.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, waiting for John to come back. He was getting impatient and he felt lonely. Living with John again was a great feeling. He could talk to John when he woke up, he could drink tea with John, he could make him laugh. And now he was feeling alone.
“It’s ok, I got you.” said Sherlock, he could feel his climax right here. He looked at John, at the mess he made, not regretting anything. Slowly, Sherlock took John’s cock in his hand, stroking it and thrusting faster and deeper into John. “Let it go.”
"How do you know?" Sherlock asked John. The doctor looked at him confused, but he seemed to get what was going on and his heart sank. "No, wrong question." Sherlock whispered and looked back at John again. "The right question is: who are you?" That was when John stopped breathing. He stood up and stumbled back a bit.
“Ah! I… I was saying… t-that…” John took another deep breath, moaning again. “Oh god, Sherlock. Please, let me come!” Sherlock smirked, thrusting harder into John.
After some time, John finally left Sherlock's side to go and talk to Mycroft. He knew that Mycroft wasn't here just to see his brother. But John was wrong: Mycroft actually came here to see his brother, also having some news, but his intentions were to visit Sherlock. He didn't come here to tell him all of that, but since John thought so, he told what he knew.
This was good. It felt peaceful. Everything was ok now. Better than ok. It was never better than this.
That's when Sherlock realized. Now he knew it all. Heart racing, breath quickening, all those little touches and colors. Sherlock now knew the most important thing in his life.
It was really hard to write this chapter (mostly smut since it's my first time), but here I am, finally posted!
"Two years" John suddenly spoke, his voice barely audible. Sherlock sighed because he knew himself it was a long time since he last seen John. He wanted to include John in his plan, Sherlock perfectly knew how it would damage his friend, but it was all Mycroft. Now looking at John's face, seeing bags under his eyes and how tired he was, his eyes still red, Sherlock knew he did the worst and he doesn't know how to apologise because words couldn't fix the damage he did over the two years.
"What things?" John asked, his voice full of confusion. Sherlock wanted to see John's face so bad, but John was in front of him and the detective saw only his back. Moriarty laughed and turned a bit to look at the darkness as if he turned to laugh with a friend. But he quickly turned back.
“Are you coming?” he asked John, standing between kitchen and sitting room. John looked up, slight surprise visible on his face. “Don’t act so surprised. I’m fine.” Sherlock assured. John has been sleeping with Sherlock just to make sure everything is ok with Sherlock’s wound. Basically sleeping with him as a doctor. This time Sherlock asked him to sleep without doctor assistance. Maybe that’s why John was surprised. A genuine smile appeared on John’s face, as he looked down, focusing on his book again.
"I'm sorry, Mary." he whispered. The words finally sank and Mary covered her lips with her hand, while John took her other hand in his. Tears started to roll down her face. She was actually looking forward for this baby, they both were. John slowly reached for Mary and hugged her. That was the moment when it all started. It's going to get hard for both of them from now on.
"So, here we are." John said and gave Sherlock a little smile. Sherlock returned one back and looked down.
Moriarty paced in the room, waiting for Dr. Watson to finally arrive. His eyes slowly finding it's way to look at Sherlock and every time he felt himself smile a little. He stopped walking to take a better look at Sherlock. The detective was lying on the ground, his hands chained behind his back. Moriarty perfectly knew it was blood all over his face even if the face was dark with it. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but he was conscious, his heavy breathing gave it away. The detective's chest was burning, he needed more air but with all the pain, it was harder to breath. He was hit too many times. Moriarty couldn't help but admire the view. He just loved seeing Sherlock in pain, if not in physical, then in mental. And now Moriarty will see both of them together. Moriarty slowly moved closer to Sherlock and broke the silence:
That's what he thought the last time. And Sherlock never called. Neither did John. Then Sherlock started using drugs again. John can't let that happen. He doesn't know what to do.
The doctor's instinct was screaming to touch Sherlock, to look where it hurts for him, to see if anything is broken or not. But he was scared. For the first time in his whole life, John was scared to touch a damaged body. His hands lingered over Sherlock and he wasn't sure what to do.
Sherlock however, waited for John to talk and he expected the worst. He was glad that he chose to disguise as a waiter, it was much better than jumping out of a cake. Although, seeing John's face made him think otherwise. Sherlock tried to find a mistake in his action, making himself remember everything from the start.
"What?" Sherlock let out a small whisper. His voice was still crocky, sometimes cracking and his throat was sore. John turned to look at Sherlock, a big smile on his face.
"I can't lose you. Sherlock, do you hear me? Don't leave me. Don't you dare. Not anymore. I-I need you." He let out a shaky breath. "Come back to me. P-Please. Don't leave me alone. Just come back." John kept his eyes closed, his head down. He was holding onto Sherlock's hand as if it was his life. Then John inhaled deeply. "I-I love you, Sherlock." John managed to say in whisper.
Sherlock looked at John differently. He felt himself different when he looked at John. He felt this warm feeling in his chest, when he looked at those blue eyes. Smile that made his heart race. Everything about John made Sherlock happy. Just the thought of John made Sherlock smile, but he had to hide these feelings as much as possible. He thought John wasn't interested in him the way Sherlock was.
After an hour or so, Mycroft slowly walked out of Sherlock’s room. He made his way towards his office. He knew that he won’t sleep today. He couldn’t.
Everything was too much. His mind was filled with everything and he couldn’t stop it. He could feel a headache, that grew every few moment. Sherlock was breaking in every way possible, he let his emotions out.
After ten minutes or so, he finally calmed down, his heart rate coming back to normal. Sherlock didn’t cry even if he had tears in his eyes. He was looking at the name on the gravestone, controlling his breathing. After a few more minutes, he slowly stood up. Opening the case, he took out the violin, but didn’t dare to start playing.
"Your observation skills are really weak, doctor. You both should have worked on that more. See, I did brought a sniper. But only one." Sherlock looked up to see what Moriarty was talking about. John's heart sank more as his chest started to rise faster than before. He tried to say anything, but his words were stuck in his throat. Sherlock spoke instead of John.
"Moriarty is dead." he started. Mycroft swore he saw a little hint of smile on John's face but it was gone really quickly. "We found his twin brother's body too. They won't be a headache anymore. Unless somebody takes their place which I don't believe will happen." John nodded and sat down next to Mycroft.
“I don’t want to.” answered Sherlock, sipping his tea which was lovely. He noticed how John was acting a little bit weird. His back was tensed and he was holding a straight posture of a soldier.
John slowly walked back to his seat. He sat on the chair that was on Sherlock's left. John looked at the detective and felt as if he was in his mind palace, not moving and thinking. John could almost imagine that, but the oxygen mask was the only thing proving that the imagine was not real and this is in fact the reality. Sherlock's not in his mind palace. He is in coma. Maybe a never ending one.
His heart was the most vulnerable. It was racing as if it was about to jump out of his chest any second now. It broke into million pieces all over again, this time harder than ever. It hurt so much, Sherlock felt like dying. He lowered his head down again and closed his eyes.
"Mrs. Hudson, you know how we love your cooking. And tea!" Mrs. Hudson smiled back at John and nodded.
"Doctor, can you please just tell us how is he?" Greg asked since he knew that John won't do much of talking.
When Sherlock saw John's face, his heart broke. His hair were a big mess, cheeks stained with tears, eyes red from crying. His eyes told so much more. They were full of worry and fear.
"Of course not, he blew his head. No one survives that." Mary nodded, but Sherlock seemed to notice a little flick in Mary, as if she knew something. He didn't trust her completely now, so he made sure to remember that. "He's not alive, but he is
"John." a slow whisper escaped his lips. His voice was breaking. John stilled. Sherlock waited. He was looking at John curiously, waiting for his response, for any reaction. Then the doctor slowly raised his head and was met with beautiful eyes. Colours were mixing together and you couldn't make out what true colour it was. Sherlock was looking into bright coloured eyes. They were beautiful, full of light, just like John himself. Sherlock slowly looked down to see his hand intertwined with John's. He could feel himself smile a bit. He was seeing colours and he was holding John's hand.
John sat down, facing their bedroom and eating. Few seconds later, Sherlock walked out, a towel wrapped around his torso, his chest bare, the new bullet wound, now scar, was visible. John stopped eating and just stared at the bare chest.
And then the water started to boil, the kettle whistling. They didn't break their kiss. Oh no, nothing was going to stop this moment. John actually wanted to break the kiss, but Sherlock had a strong hold of him, not even thinking of letting John go now. He just simply lowered his hand to turn the kettle off and then his hand got back into it's previous place or rather getting stuck in John's hair. Sherlock started to slowly walk forwards, while John walked backwards until his back hit a wall. Sherlock's hand travelled into John's hair.
"Sherlock-" The doctor was loss for words. He had a lot to say, but couldn't find the right words to express what he actually felt. "I'm sorry." was what he first said, or rather whispered, after some time of silence. "I'm sorry, that we had to end up here. I just wish... Right now, I just wish to go back. I-I want to have never met Mary. Maybe if I didn't meet her, you wouldn't be here, lying unconscious." John's voice was getting weak. "I just wish to change some things. I still don't understand why you didn't tell me. I-I lost you, Sherlock. For two whole years. I thought you were actually dead." his voice broke in the end a bit. "I'm sorry I was angry at you. I regret that." The doctor looked away.
And he was right. There was a response. From the back of his eyes Mycroft saw Sherlock’s hand twitch a bit. Sherlock’s head twitched too, as if he wanted to turn his head to look at Mycroft but was stopped. That was enough evidence for Mycroft to move. He slowly put his hand on Sherlock hip and put Sherlock’s left hand on his shoulders. They stood up and Mycroft turned to walk. To his surprise, Sherlock was walking normally, but he was also leaning into Mycroft. After some time, Mycroft heard Sherlock’s silent voice say:
Suddenly, Sherlock stood up, leaving John on bed, craving for his climax and so, so close. Sherlock’s cock was hurting, it had to be touched.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and blinked a few times. His eyes fixed on the words that were written in gold. A rush of emotions went through him. Anger, pain, sadness, sorrow, self-pity. It was all one big pain. He could feel his eyes water, but he didn’t give in.
“I know you want to.” Mycroft started to say. “But you made a promise.” Sherlock didn’t say anything after this. They finally reached Mycroft’s car and his driver slowly opened the door for them to get in. Mycroft first sat Sherlock down and then got into the car himself. When the car exited the street, Mycroft felt weight on his shoulder. He turned to see Sherlock leaning into him. Mycroft slowly put his hand around Sherlock and hugged him closer to him. Sherlock closed his eyes and they continued their car ride.
John needed Sherlock more than ever. He was his best friend, the man who saved him, even if Sherlock didn't realize that. But John needed Sherlock in this moment, to be with him, to hold him.
Sherlock could feel his chest burn with pain, as he reached this part in the song. The song was following these memories in correct pace, not being too late for the events nor being too early. Everything was in perfect sync. These words haunted Sherlock for the past two years he was away and will haunt him forever. The song became much quicker, more high notes echoed through the whole graveyard. Slowly, his mind went back to the moment he was playing right now.
"Oh, this will be fun." Moriarty said as John slowly stood up. Sherlock turned his head to look at the ceiling, then slowly closed his eyes. He wished this never happened. He wished he never had met Moriarty. Sherlock wouldn't have to need to fake his suicide. John wouldn't have found a wife. Maybe everything would have ended differently. Maybe Sherlock would have John as his and only his.
He tried to stop himself, but it was all too strong. Everything was too much. He felt like going crazy.
When Sherlock came back, he couldn't wait to see John. Mycroft tried to warn him, and Sherlock himself felt that something was wrong, but he didn't want to admit that.
Finally arriving back home, he found John sitting in his chair. Sherlock instantly knew that something was going on with John. He was in his chair, but he wasn’t on his laptop. Instead, his gaze was on Sherlock’s chair and out of focus completely. Sherlock slowly walked to John and stroked his hair which made John look up. Sherlock gave him a sweet kiss and then smiled at him.
In his hand, a black velvet violin case. His collar was not up, the blue scarf tied loosely around his neck. Red eyes, he hasn’t eaten in days nor had any sleep. Sherlock looked like a mess. He was tired and had black circles under his eyes. He didn’t get enough sleep this week. Maybe he had some sleep two days before today, but Sherlock wasn’t sure. It was that week, that day. Just a week before this particular day always made him into a big mess, because the day meant something. It wasn’t a good meaning, it wasn’t a good memory. So, no, this day wasn’t one of the brightest. And not because of the weather. This day was different. It may have meant happiness for you, but for some people it was only death.
?" Mary mocked Sherlock and suddenly her face changed as if she realized something. "Oh god." she suddenly whispered. The detective read in her face what she understood and his heart dropped. "You love him." Sherlock didn't answer. "You love him and you believe he could be happy with you." Sherlock felt lost. He felt vulnerable.
"She was shot. Didn't lose that much blood, but was still taken to hospital. She is never left alone; there is at least one officer with her. After Mary recovers, we will take her to the prison. I made sure she never leaves." John let out little a breath. He started hating her. If it wasn't for her, Sherlock wouldn't be in coma right now.
Sherlock wasn't the one who started seeing colors whenever he touched John. John himself started seeing them too. And he just needed to check. Sherlock couldn't be dead. He just couldn't.
That time when Sherlock was alone is Soo Lin's flat and was being strangled, he wanted John to save him, but of course he was so stubborn that he didn't let John in. And Sherlock actually thought he was going to die. But that didn't happen.
When Sherlock saw John in pool, he felt betrayed and he just couldn't believe it. But the bomb confirmed, that John was just another innocent person caught by Moriarty. When Moriarty let them live, he was so relieved when he removed the bomb from John's body. Something clicked in Sherlock. He realized how much he cared for John. And then Moriarty came back. Sherlock took a little glance at John and saw a person he grew up to care about. And now they decided to die together. But just a little phone call let them live again. They were given a chance for a second time.
So he waited. John was pacing, waiting, all of the scenarios playing in his head of what doctor could say to him about Sherlock's conditions. Greg sat in the chair, his eyes sometimes following John. He would just sigh helplessly, and lower his head. He was worried for Sherlock too. Greg almost laughed thinking that maybe John will get out of patients and will trash this whole place. Greg looked up at John again, who was still pacing around. His expression was emotionless, but Greg knew that John's had a single thought. It was obvious now. How much he cared. How much Sherlock and John, both cared for each other.
Sherlock didn’t want to eat, but he took few bites which were delicious. He was also trying to deduce John. He didn’t see anything just that John’s cheeks were a bit flushed and he was breathing heavier than normal. His deductions were a bit hazier and were slower. That’s why Sherlock hated hospitals – it always made his head hazy with all the medicine they gave him. He didn’t deduce anything else either, since his phone went off. Sherlock quickly got up to answer it. He came back with a phone, giving little responses to whoever he was talking to. The phone call ended really quickly.
Sherlock could see everything in John's eyes. He wanted it too. So Sherlock didn't wait. They have waited for far too long.
When the plane finally lands, Sherlock has calmed down already. He put his feelings away and focused on what is coming. He finally jumps out of his seat, his face is put in a cold expression. Taking his coat, Sherlock walks out of it to be met with Mary, John and Mycroft. He smiles at them coldly and says:
“I think you are ready.” Sherlock voiced his thoughts and John was about to ask him what he was ready for, when he felt cold fingers in him and soon enough, Sherlock’s cock entering him and he moaned louder. Sherlock let a strangled sound out, as he thrust into his soulmate. “You’re mine and mine only.” Sherlock whispered into John’s ear. The doctor whimpered, squirming under Sherlock.
The tune got slower, more affectionate, a little less happiness than before. It was filled with other emotions. Ones, that weren’t in the song before.
When John's touched the counter, their kiss became more heated. John put as much love towards Sherlock as he could. Sherlock deepened their kiss, settling John on the counter, making John the same height Sherlock was. Slowly, Sherlock's lips travelled to John's neck, leaving little kisses on the way. At first Sherlock found John's sweet spot, sucking the skin, biting it, but not hard enough to leave a mark. Sherlock was exploring the exposed area and leaving John breathless. The doctor could feel soft touches of the detective's fingers, gentle bites of his lips and he could feel his heart racing even more. Sherlock then nibbled on John's collarbone, earning small moans from John, while John himself was breathing heavily. Sherlock's breath on John's neck made shivers run down his spine. All John could hear now was the ticking clock on the wall above his head, Sherlock's heartbeat, his own. And it was magical. John has never felt this way nor have Sherlock.
"He is the one, isn't he?" Mycroft slowly asked his brother. Sherlock was avoiding Mycroft's look, looking through the window. He didn't say anything, tried to avoid this as much as possible. The pain was too strong, Sherlock wanted to be back at the flat as soon as possible, so he could be alone. Mycroft spoke again "Sherlock..."
After what felt like another eternity, a doctor walked to meet Greg and John. John stood up as quickly as possible. Even without realizing this, John was trying to deduce the doctor, to find out anything. But all he could see was that fake smile every doctor had when they had to deliver bad news. John's eyes widened.
The kiss wasn’t simple. It was heated, full of desire and want. Sherlock could feel it all through the kiss, his own arousal growing really fast. John sat down on Sherlock’s lap. He started grinding a little bit which took Sherlock by surprise as he moaned which made John want to hear Sherlock make this sound more and louder. John took the opportunity and plunged his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. He tasted every place his tongue could reach while grinding a bit harder, feeling Sherlock shudder, a wave of pleasure going through John himself.
This broke his heart. John honestly thought he could love her. Even when he forgave her for what she did in the past. He thought they could look past that. Turns out she just worked for Moriarty, which made it all worse. Was everything in their relationship not real?! The only real thing in their relationship was the baby. Or maybe the baby wasn't even his?
Sherlock breathed in once, twice. Then he slowly started playing again. The tune was low, slow, calm. It was calm, but not for long. This part was the last one. This is where it all ended. Where their lives ended.
“I’m sorry.” He choked out, his throat felt dry and as if something was in it. “I’m so sorry.” Sherlock whispered and looked up at the name. “Please, forgive me for doing this to you.” He said as if waiting for answer, slowly putting his hand on the gravestone.
"Good! Very good!" Moriarty said and looked at Sherlock. "He learned this from you, I can tell. What a great student and his teacher!" He grinned. His smile grew bigger when he said these words: "Are there other things you learned too?" Sherlock's heart skipped a beat. He knew what Moriarty was talking about and his heart suddenly started to race. Even if he wanted John to know, he wouldn't have told him while it was life and death's question. Not now.
"It's apple." Sherlock's face fell. He thanked for the dinner and stood up to walk away. He was halfway through when Greg talked:
"What about Mary?" John asked. During this time, in hospital, John lost respect for her. He didn't care about her anymore. She was nothing.
"Don't leave me." Sherlock said his voice muffled. John squeezed Sherlock slightly as to assure, but he also voiced his answer.
"And are you..?" Mycroft didn't finish the sentence, but Sherlock knew what he was asking. He just looked down and closed his eyes. It was hard for Mycroft to see his brother in so much pain. What was Mycroft to do, he never did, maybe back in their childhood. Mycroft slowly hugged Sherlock, not caring about his sentiments showing. Sherlock was hurt, the worst pain possible, and Mycroft couldn't do anything about it. Sherlock kept his eyes shut, but tears started to roll down his face again. For the first time in forever, he was glad Mycroft was here. Somebody he could really trust, without John. He tried to get rid of the thought of John, but as much as Sherlock tried not to think about the doctor, he started thinking more and more, his chest clenching with the pain. Sherlock lot out a silenced sob, as he held into Mycroft as hard as he could.
"Yes." he heard a silent answer. Mycroft's heart dropped a little, while he saw Sherlock let out a shaky breath.
"Who knows?" John nods and then turns away to look across the airfield again as if he will see anything, breathing in deeply. Sherlock looks directly at him until he turns back, then looks down again.
"Sir?" he heard a man say. Sherlock breathed in and held in a sob. He wiped his eyes and looked up. The man was holding a phone towards him. "It's your brother." Sherlock slowly leans in to take the phone. He slightly coughs to clear his throat and answers it.
"John, you should rest." said a solid voice behind him. John closed his eyes and looked down. He didn't want to leave. Not now. "I promise to keep an eye on him. He won't go anywhere when you come back. You need to rest." Mycroft added. John gave him a small nod and stood up. He lingered for a bit, just looking at Sherlock. Finally, John turned around, took his coat and walked out.
Sherlock slowly laid down next to John, both out of breath and panting. Sherlock snuggled next to John, hugging him, their bodies both burning. John leaned in, putting his face into Sherlock’s fluffy hair. They didn’t talk. No words were needed. After a while, John stood up and walked to bathroom, taking a towel to clean them both. After he was finished, he found the detective sleeping. John smiled and took the sheets, covering their naked bodies.
Mrs. Hudson came to visit Sherlock. She didn't say anything, she just stood next to John, gripping his shoulder tightly. After 10 minutes or so, she quietly walked away, silently crying. John hasn't seen her since. She came back after a month, but it was even harder for her to stay calm so John had to lead her back to Baker Street.
Just few more strokes and John was coming. He rode it out and fell breathless on his bed. Sadly, this all was unsatisfying. It wasn’t as powerful as he imagined, it last only a few seconds, which was less than usual and it all left him frustrated. John just cleaned himself, changing his trousers and walking down the stairs.
"I need t-to... I need..." John tried to speak, but Greg interrupted him, not letting him speak. He knew that John wouldn't be able in this condition.
"Mary... The baby..." The doctor was bawling stuff, not making sense to Sherlock, but the detective slowly figured out what was happening.
That one night he felt strong enough to finally do something. He tried and tried and tried, but nothing happened. He wanted to give up, but he never gave up. So he tried again, but no use. He was stuck with no way out.
This felt new to John. Seeing this new side of Sherlock. He was vulnerable and showed more emotions than ever. Did this mean Sherlock will always be like this – showing more emotions? John just silently sighed.
“What the hell?!” John almost shouts when he feels Sherlock leave him. He opens his eyes to see a naked detective standing besides the bed, his thrown across the room. John sits up and reaches for Sherlock’s cock and feels him shudder under John’s touch. But the detective doesn’t give in. He slowly gets rid of John’s hand, quickly putting a condom and then hovers over the doctor.
"John, there's something ... I should say; I-I've meant to say always and then never have. Since it's unlikely we'll ever meet again, I might as well say it now." He hesitates for a long time, then draws in a deep breath and raises his eyes to John's.
John just took Sherlock's hand again, slowly tracing circles with his thumb. He sighed and looked at the detective. A few curls were falling on Sherlock's face and John softly, but hesitantly, brushed them on the left side. John could feel cold skin under his fingertips and a shiver went down his spine.
John found a little bench and decided to relax for a bit. He sat down and a lot of thoughts started to pour. He noticed change in Sherlock. He acted differently, his behaviour around John was more careful. Did John hurt him? If he did, what did he say? What happened?
Every day, every hour, every minute John was expecting for something to happen. He was expecting for Sherlock to wake up. Holding Sherlock's hand, sitting next to him and waiting.
It's a been already a month. One month without Sherlock. It felt like ten years. By that time, John had realized a lot of things. Things he was scared of. Maybe that would scare others too. He wasn't sure. He didn't know what to do. John was lost.
Some people have met their soulmate and lived with them happily, some had to watch love of their life share happiness with another person, and just a small amount of people never met the one.
"Why, what do you mean?" Greg asked. Why can't the doctor just tell them? Maybe it was John. He saw how bad John reacted to everything the doctor said. He was being careful. The doctor let out a silent breath and said:
“No, not yet.” John whimpered, needing oh so desperately to come. He slowly took his own cock in his hands, making just few strokes, when Sherlock quickly pulls his hand away, pinning them both over his head. “No, me. I will make you come.” Sherlock whispers, his voice deeper than ever, close to John’s ear, making him shudder.
"John, you should rest." said a solid voice behind him. John closed his eyes and looked down. He didn't want to leave. Not now. "I promise to keep an eye on him. He won't go anywhere when you come back. You need to rest." Mycroft added. John gave him a small nod and stood up. He lingered for a bit, just looking at Sherlock. Finally, John turned around, took his coat and walked out.
I clutched her wrist. "He killed Afan." I said urgently. "You don't know what he'll do. The police are on the way, stay with us until they get here."
“John...” Sherlock whispered again, and I knew how very much he’d missed me too. “You’re really here.”
Depressed, Sherlock returned to his lodgings. Instead of staying in one of his bolt holes, he had taken a room in a pensioners' hotel. He liked the neighborhood, it was far from his usual haunts and there were a dozen charity shops where he could acquire new disguises. Years ago he had considered having a bolt hole here, but he hadn't found a suitable place. He'd always kept the area in mind.
I washed my hair quickly and rinsed it for a long time. I hated the scent of prison shampoo. Nazer’s pillow stank of it. I longed to bury my face in a pillow that smelled of John...
I’ve come to depend on his help. That’s one reason the thought of losing him worries me so much. Why Moriarty worries me.
John looked over at the bed. The steady rhythm of the ventilator punctuated by electronic heartbeats proved Sherlock was very much alive. But he looked terribly helpless.
watered down. Sometimes one had to bring in a talented mongrel or two to keep the gene pool from becoming too insular.
Sherlock wiped furiously at the wetness on his cheeks, the deep well of regret threatening to overcome him again. "It's just the knock on the head." He said defensively. "It aches terribly."
Then as I wrestled his trousers and pants off his hips, I saw something within the confines of his neatly trimmed pubic hair that made me wince and cringe: Sherlock had a Prince Albert piercing! Named after Queen Victoria’s husband, who, yes, had this piercing, a ring goes into the urethra then out the shaft under the head of the penis. His foreskin covered part of the ring, but not all. I’d never seen one in person. I couldn’t imagine the amount of pleasure it would have to cause to be worth getting.
“I went to pick her up from school.” Virginia said. “As I do every day. She waits for me inside and comes out when I pull up in the car. Today she didn’t come out! I went in to look for her, but she wasn’t there. The headmaster wouldn’t talk to me – I had to call Tamsin and tell her that I couldn’t find Molly, and
"He said I shouldn't worry about him. He said the worst thing that could happen would be to lose me... but he already has! I'm not the same..." I suddenly felt short of breath.
Sherlock nodded and immediately John was helping him sit up, supporting his back with his own body. Sherlock took the cup and sipped. His throat was outrageously sore – even more painful than his chest, swallowing was agony. But he managed.
“No.” Lestrade said simply. “I’ve seen bonded couples. How it is at the start is how it is. The connection – there’s always some kind of connection – it doesn’t get deeper and it doesn’t go away, but the deeper the connection the better they get along. Yours is pretty intense, you're practically finishing each other's sentences. Was it just because he helped you? How did you
There was door opening behind John. Somebody entered the room but the doctor didn't care that much to turn around and see who came.
"I thought you got it all figured out by now." Moriarty laughed. "You are the genius one here, how do you not know how I did it? Or are you really a genius?" John looked at Sherlock for a second to see the detective looking down. John knew Sherlock, he knew that the detective was blaming himself for not seeing what was there to see. "It's never the twins, right?" Sherlock's eyes suddenly widened. Twins.
"Are you insane?" Mycroft asked Sherlock, when John finally left them two to have a private conversation. Sherlock just scoffed in response and went to sit to his chair. Sherlock knew it was bad for him, but he just couldn't close the door right in John's face and leave him with nowhere to go.
He slowed, counting his last steps. Making the moment even longer than it was before, stretching the time, bracing himself. All these emotions. The ones that were bottled up for the longest time. Eventually, Sherlock stopped. He slowly put the case on the ground. He himself crouched down, touched the damp grass with his bare hand. It was cold, but Sherlock felt as if cold was the only good emotion at the moment. Though, he ignored the coldness. Sherlock didn’t even flinch. Then he slowly stood up, his head still lowered down. He sighed, a cold steam leaving his mouth as he did so.
Next day, John decided to sleep alone. Not because he was growing tired of Sherlock. He thought it will be the best if he let Sherlock sleep alone one night. It was not long ago when he came back from the hospital, he should rest more. So John decided to let him rest.
He heard it. Heard it all. Voices. They were all around him. Talking and saying things. He couldn't make out anything, but he knew that he wasn't alone.
It hurt, when John punches Sherlock. Not just physically, but John hurt Sherlock's feelings too, although Sherlock learned how to hide it very well. John also hurt Sherlock's injured back which reminded Sherlock of what happened to him to be where he is right now. And he thought to himself, that he deserved it. All of it.
After some time, Mycroft walked out and looked at John. He gave him a small nod and left. John walked back to Sherlock, taking his usual place.
But no words come out. Sherlock just slowly walks closer to John and slightly bends down to reach for John's hand. When their hands collide, their heart races quicken. Sherlock looks around and everything is so clear now. He sees every colors so bright and he knows why. He finally knows. He smiles and looks down at John who is staring at him, his pupils dilated.
Greg also came to visit. He tried making small talk with John, but it was as if talking to a wall. John reminded him of Sherlock again. Greg stopped trying. It was hurting him too. After all, Sherlock was his friend and right now he was in a coma that could end no matter when. And John's resemblance to Sherlock was like a reminder that the one Greg was reminded of was actually in coma.
Sherlock’s smile grew a bit bigger. He opened his eyes to look at the gravestone. Then he remembered those little jealous moments. But even the genius can get stupid for some time hence Sherlock not understanding why exactly John was jealous of him and Irene when there was nothing. Irene was more attracted to his brain than Sherlock himself. Besides, she was a lesbian, so what interest could she take in Sherlock?
"Sorry." He said silently. "I tend to do that. Stare into space and say nothing." John sighed and answered:
It was hard to leave him, but Mycroft was right. John needed a little bit of rest. Since that night, John always slept in hospital, besides Sherlock. He woke up for any movement, expecting it to be Sherlock but to only find out it was a nurse. John did leave hospital to go and change clothes, take a bath, sometimes eat, but he never spent over five hours out of hospital.
"Your wife just texted you. Possibly her contractions have started." Sherlock smiles smugly to himself, while the man runs away. He then takes few more steps and his eyes lock on John, who just took a drink from his glass of water. Suddenly Sherlock stopped walking, as his confidence decreased by the second. Hidden feeling rose from the back. Everything he felt over the years came back. He breathed in to gain his courage, when a waitress bumped into him. She apologized and walked away, while an idea popped into Sherlock's mind. He saw a man with a bowtie and smiled to himself, walking over to the side of the couple's table where he picks up the glass of water and pours it down on the man. The man cries in shock, as Sherlock speaks.
"I don't know what you're talking about." He turned to walk again, but this time, Mrs. Hudson talked.
John was walking closely to Sherlock, holding his hand in support in case Sherlock stumbled. They made their way up the stairs and Sherlock opened the door. He was welcomed by his usual mess that was actually comforting and just reminding him that he was in fact home. Everything seemed to be in place, the sun shining through the windows and bringing in the warmth. Sherlock smiled a bit and walked in. It has been a long time since he's been here. He slowly made his way towards his chair sat down and winced a bit as he felt slight pain. John looked at him lovingly, his heart filling with love just looking at the man. He was back here, they both were and it was making John happy like never before.
"Where does he want to meet me?" John asked and turned to Mycroft. Mycroft could read every emotion in John's face and doctor's expression was scaring him. John was angry, but he had a little smile on his lips. He was pissed and his eyes were burning with hatred towards Moriarty. John couldn't forget Sherlock and how damaged he looked in that video. The whole atmosphere was burning and it was as if you could feel the anger from John. He didn't want for John to go alone. "Where are they?" John said it so calmly, that Mycroft got a little shiver, almost unnoticeable. Mycroft sighed and looked at Greg, slowly nodding. Greg slowly walked to John and gave him a little piece of paper which had the address. John took the gun and ran out of the flat, nodding at Greg a little.
"I-I love you, Sherlock." He heard a whisper and slowly opened his eyes. He was blinded a bit, but he saw something he didn't expect to see anymore.
And Sherlock did his waiting. He waited and survived. He was saved by his brother and was brought back to London. After two years of torture.
In 221B, Mrs. Hudson was vacuuming the living room. Since Sherlock left, she figured that it would be great to clean the place a little bit. She has the TV turned on while she walks around the flat with vacuum cleaner. As Mrs. Hudson was facing the TV, she heard both pitched and deepened voices saying the same over and over again. She raised her head and when she took a good look, screams of fear escaped her lips.
When the plane was up in the sky, Sherlock let his tears go. He was shaking and silently crying, trying to wipe away the tears, but there were just more coming.
“Thought so.” declared John. Sherlock looked up at John. He hooked a finger under John’s chin and made him look up. The detective leaned in to give John a passionate kiss, the doctor answering with as much passion. Their lips moved in sync, their bodies touching, melting, becoming like one.
He was keeping a hold of that. He won't lose it this time. But the darkness around him started to consume again, trying to silence the voice, John's voice.
“God, John. So beautiful and amazing.” Sherlock groaned, moving deeper. John clenches around him, making the detective groan, feeling so good. For few moments the room was silent, the only sound was their sweaty skins slapping together once in a while. Then John muttered something under his breath that Sherlock didn’t quite catch. “What did you say? Don’t keep it in yourself, tell me.” John took a deep breath, trying to voice his thoughts, but the only thing he could think of is Sherlock’s cock going in and out of him. He tried biting his lip, but it didn’t work, he needed to say this.
Sherlock knew he favoured his father, but it had never occurred to him that Mummy would think him a living reminder. He had thought his presence was a punishment to her because he was an Omega, because he was abrasive and stubborn and Mummy always had to be right. He resented her for not telling him sooner, for letting him think it was
Of course, they did that too. The sparring was a highlight for all the young Alphas – and quite a few of the older Alphas too.
“Shh, John, it’s OK. You don’t have to worry about me right now. Or Sherlock. You don’t have to worry about hurting our feelings. I know you love him. That’s OK. He knows that I’m important to you too. This isn’t a competition. All you have to do is tell us what you need – and if what you need is for one or both of us to scram, it’s OK.”
“Don’t talk to him that way!” John snapped. He felt resignation from Sherlock, it upset John more than the fear had.
“Mycroft...” I said helplessly. How could I express the desperation I felt? “I can’t... I don’t want him to know what happened in the prison...”
Sorry this chapter took so long! I was distracted by Black Panther... but that's another story (literally - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13714497 ). I'm determined to finish this behemoth before I start my Johnlock pro bike racing AU – and as road racing season has begun in earnest, that is pulling at me. (Did anyone catch Strada Bianchi? Fantastic race! I love the white road classics.) But there's at least two more chapters of Uncertainty, I think, to get it where it's supposed to go.
Walter wanted to frown, I could tell, but his desire to be 'friendly and accessible' kept his expression neutral.
"Intellectually, sure. I didn't want him to be alone. But emotionally... it feels like he betrayed mum. I know it's not rational."
I am miserable without you. I don't know how this happened, but I cannot stand this burden of sentiment. I thought if I stayed away, I could forget you and go back to the work. The work is what's important!
"No." Sherlock replied. Rubbing John's calf he leant over and kissed John's big toe, sucked it into his mouth. He was discovering how much he liked John this way, damp and pungent from exercise. "Don't you dare."
"Ok, come with me." I walked him into the bog and undressed him – the piercings... still there, of course – and sat him on the toilet where he wept about his terrible hands. I drew a bath for him – a lukewarm bath. I was worried about his fever – hallucinations, body dysmorphia... not good.
“I followed her through the drain for a long time – long after I stopped being able to hear her. When I came to the mouth of the drain, the moonlight was so bright, it dazzled my eyes. I found her trail easily – more blood and claw marks where she’d torn out hunks of dirt and plants in her haste. They were huge, these tracks, her paws larger than my head.
As I washed out the container, I felt his hands on my hips, his breath on my neck. He kissed my neck and whispered, “John!” in a voice both hopeful and uncertain. I leaned back against him and he stretched his arms around me. Again I marveled at how romantic Sherlock was - this was a side of him I’d never suspected.
In my cell, I lay on my bunk, tense, waiting for Nazer to come for revenge. Or for someone else to come. There were so many threats. It was impossible to map them all.
In the common room I was enviously watching a toothless prisoner score oxy when I was approached by one of Vinokourov’s lieutenants. I was delighted – I needed a way into the gang and hadn’t expected an opportunity to begin insinuating myself so soon. I had to force myself not to grin.
"I'll go up." I whispered. "You go change, get a drink, get your laptop or some books then come up and turn on the light."
Shane examined John’s face for a long moment. John wasn’t entirely sure what he was looking for or if he found it. “Yeah, why not.” He said finally. Shane pulled out a chair and sat down at the table.
"Taz followed his beloved partner of many years, Angus P. Church, to London in 2010. There he worked at St. Chrysostom's Hospital's physical therapy department. He continued to play and coach rugby and to be active in the LGBT community. On his return to Sheffield last year, The Wednesday were delighted to have him back with the team.
Bit of table setting this week. I’m super excited about next week’s chapter! Much will be revealed...
Mycroft took a sip of the whisky, warmed from his hand on the glass. He swirled it and sniffed it first then cautiously drank. His eyebrows shot up in surprise.
"Sherlock, even if I could work out how to do it with the bloody 'hook thing,' you can barely stand – I'm sure you have a concussion. You need to be stitched up and checked out in A&E. Come into the bedroom and get dressed. I'm taking you to hospital!"
I went up to Sherlock’s room and knocked. No answer. I went to my own room and discovered Sherlock passed out in my bed. Which was… typical. The man has no boundaries. Tired? Lay down in John’s bed. He won’t care. And even if I do, Sherlock doesn’t care that I care.
“Mycroft’s people should be here soon.” Sherlock said. “We can meet them upstairs – let’s avoid Moran’s men, Mycroft will complain endlessly if we kill more of them.”
“Victor. He’s nobody.” Sherlock said, distracted. He walked directly to the makeshift laboratory in the kitchenette.
He tried to prepare, to psych himself up for the ordeal… but it was all Sherlock could do not to succumb to panic and try to fight the man off.
I was following John on CCTV Tuesday – as I practiced throwing the knives and reciting Czechoslovakian verbs – when I saw him stop dead. I recognised Soo Lin’s front door immediately and watched as John leaned heavily against it, burying his face in his hands. Long fingers of guilt squeezed my heart and I yearned to be with him.
I ran, even though I knew it was fruitless. I was grabbed and shoved painfully against the wall before I took two steps. I struggled, but I was held fast – a man on each arm, another behind me, his hand heavy on my shoulder. They turned me to face the room.
“But you told me how you felt and I had to deal with that attraction. I made the right choice – we were together just a few months, but I finally felt... complete. I’d always been searching for something. And I‘d found it! It was you! Sherlock, I adore you!” John paused to kiss my forehead, once, twice.
The cab pulled up outside 221 Baker Street and I struggled out immediately. My hip had stiffened and the first few steps were agonizing. But all I could think of was escape.
“Jesus!” Sherlock swore, shuddering with enjoyment. “Your cock... fuck! It’s so big! It’s all over my prostate... uhnn!”
The leg wouldn't get better. And it could get worse, it would be prone to varicose veins and deep vein thrombosis. John would have to manage it for the rest of his life.
“But I’m going to anyway.” I told him sternly. “Look, I’m your friend. I’m worried about you. Sherlock...” I slid my hand up his shoulder ... and for a second he relaxed. For a second I thought he would tell me. He even sighed a quiet little sigh and I saw something vulnerable in his eyes.
His body began to relax. There was come on his chest – Sherlock’s. His Omega prick was soft in John’s hand. He pulled Sherlock forward and he lifted off John, seed spilling out in a warm, erotic gush. John cuddled his mate close, kissing him.
Before I could reply, a black saloon car pulled up next to us and the door opened. “It’s time, Sherlock.” Mycroft called from its depths.
"Smoking and sex." I told him. "Smoking put me in a better mood. And when it got desperate - and it was always desperate - I found someone to shag."
"Yeah. Yes." John's tone said 'I know what I'm talking about.' The man in the green coat looked at him assessingly. He was blonde and handsome in a sharp-featured way with permanent lines between his eyebrows that lent disapproval to his expression. John looked away.
“My hand.” I told her, lifting my left arm. “Broken fingers.” She examined it carefully and dictated some notes.
John had learned that Sherlock was sensual. He loved sex. He loved making love with John, ever more adventurously. A day rarely went by that they didn't have carnal adventures of one sort or another. Their empathetic link allowed John to feel what Sherlock felt as he made love to him, creating an erotic feedback loop of mindblowing intensity. John had never had sex like this, never had so much sex and had never wanted it more.
Sherlock was rather ashamed of how long it had taken him to work that out. (He really WAS distracted.) But when he had, he hadn't mentioned his suspicions to John. Sherlock hadn't been certain. And if John worked it out himself maybe he'd regain some of the self-confidence he'd lost with his hand. And he HAD worked it out himself – although Sherlock hadn't expected his own life to be endangered in the process. But Church was caught, thanks to John.
Impulsively, he pulled John forward, over his shoulder, and lifted him off the sling in a fireman’s hold. He looked around for a good place to sit him down while Moran took the opportunity to really scrub the sling clean.
“This is Arabella.” Suki told him. “She’s quite new. Come on, Belly, I’ll help you down.” The younger Omega clung to the dark girl.
Where was Sherlock? John was bait, Sherlock was supposed to be hidden nearby… but Sherlock was dead. John felt the familiar pull, dragging his spirits down, depressing him. Nothing was bright anymore. Nothing mattered.
After all, I had nothing except my memory, unreliable memory, to prove to myself that what I wanted most was true.
John nipped his nipples in between kisses. Sherlock was SO hard, his cock dripping freely. As John impaled him over and over with increasing ferocity, Sherlock had moved to take himself in hand – and realized that with every thrust up inside him, his belly would pop out, John's cock making a visible mound in his lean form. Sherlock watched his abdomen round and hollow, round and hollow, with fascination.
There was a note scribbled in the margin – something about prescribing Abilify. Sherlock frowned – Abilify was an antipsychotic. He scanned the rest of the chart, but didn't find any reason why an antipsychotic would be prescribed for this patient.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about, you had to pick your tongue up off the sidewalk.”
Lestrade grabbed him and shoved him against the brick wall, pinning him there with his weight. “No! You’ll never make it!” He hissed. A horde had taken over the high street, cutting them off. They had taken shelter in the alley for lack of anywhere better.
Sherlock looked over at the man. "We go get John. Come on." Sherlock strode across the room, removing the stocking cap and ruffling his black curls. He ran down the stairs, Shane Bruno a few steps behind him, and flung open the front door. The street was empty. Sherlock stepped out onto the pavement and raised his arms in surrender.
"No, it's the least I could do." We looked at each other. Even after twenty-five years, I remembered what his hands felt like on my body... his mouth... "Look." Victor said. "I need to apologize for what I did to you..."
“You’re wearing a suit?” John asked me with dismay. I was changing in the light of my iPhone – I didn’t want to alert anyone still up that we weren’t sleeping.
But he couldn’t. Even before Sherlock’s suicide, John couldn’t stop thinking about it. Once he had gone THERE in his mind, he couldn’t come back.
Vinokourov had taken great pleasure in telling me that I would be beheaded. I hadn’t reacted – Nazer had given me a few lines of coke to wake me from my fading heroin high, and my mind felt sharp. Sharper than it had in weeks. Vinokourov wanted me to be frightened. He wanted me to blanche and beg, to cower before him and plead for mercy, for my life.
One of these Alphas had taken John under his wing. James Sholto, a tenth degree black belt, led the Alpha-chi exercises with a solemn severity that brooked no nonsense. He was terrifying in the sparring ring.
He put that thought firmly out of his head, pulled out his phone and scrolled through his contacts. He hesitated only a second before placing a call.
"That way lies madness." John said. "Honestly, I was as relieved as I was disappointed. It wasn't until after you died that... that I came to understand how much I'd lost – we'd lost..."
After the first paragraph, John had wadded the pages into a ball and hurled it angrily across the room. “I bet you WOULD do it again, you bloody, fucking arse!” John muttered through clenched teeth.
Another punch and I was choking on blood. Vino called him off impatiently. He didn’t want me too far gone for the execution. He wanted to have his fun with the machete.
The sharp, shocking burst of pleasure overtook me. I came with a cry I barely recognized as my own. John continued to jack me while I came, blasting our chests with thick, white ropes of semen. I lost the plot for a bit as I arched and writhed, bliss jolting through me, wrung from my body by John's capable – oh! So capable! – hand. I could write odes to John's hands!
John's hand slid around my erection and stroked it slowly, twisting his wrist and smearing the liquid welling from the tip down the shaft. I gasped with pleasure, feeling my prick harden even more. "It's safe." John said. "Trust me. I'm a doctor, yeah."
Sherlock felt the man press his nose against his neck, find his bond bite with his tongue. It burned, and Sherlock shuddered in revulsion. Nausea overwhelmed him and he retched.
"He kissed me." The bottomless well of pain returned. He covered his face until he had control of his features. Then he studied the shrubbery, the rain made it more beautiful.
But I couldn’t. I couldn’t tell John how arrogant I’d been, how foolish. I couldn’t tell him how badly I’d miscalculated – how it could have cost John his life. How I thought it had... I couldn’t tell him what I’d done – I couldn’t stand for John to know. I couldn’t bear how he would look at me.
I was clean and wearing fresh pajamas when John returned, but I was exhausted from the effort. I'd turned off the lights and the telly and was dozing on the couch, my breath rough and painful in my lungs.
When he returned a few minutes later with their drinks, Shane didn’t press. He asked instead about Afghanistan. John told him about the heat and the sand and the people and what it was like working in a field hospital. It didn’t seem like they talked for very long, but suddenly John realized that the restaurant was closing and wanted them out.
We had to stop twice to let Sherlock rest. Ianto produced a second thermos and trail mix, both of which I made certain went down Sherlock’s throat. His hands were icy and I was almost choking on my fear.
“I always do.” Lestrade said with a hint of a smile. “John.” He nodded goodbye. Mycroft waited for the policeman to leave and followed him out without a word.
“Are your parents here?” Mrs. Hudson asked him. “I’d like to tell them how special Sherlock was to me.”
I sighed. “Fine. When?” Today, I thought! Face-to-face I could question him at length. He had to tell me something!
He glanced up. Neither of his friends offered to help him. Shane was busy spooning rice onto his plate while Sherlock had his nose in the green curry.
“Sodding hell, John.” Greg cried as I reached a hand down to help him to his feet. “Couldn’t you play footie or cricket? Something civilized?” He was bleeding and had mud the length of his left side and the match had just begun.
We found Geraint cleaning rifles, his gun dogs lolling lazily at his feet. Both dogs stood as we entered – they swarmed around us, wiggling and wagging the stumps of their tails, sniffing at me and asking for attention from Victor.
Was that why he was interested in John? Because he thought Sherlock had killed Moriarty? If he wanted some sort of revenge, he would have killed John by now, surely.
When John finished his dinner, I pushed the biscuits towards him, taking another for myself. But he declined, John never had my sweet tooth.
“Why are we doing this?!” Shane whispered in Sherlock’s ear. “Why are we walking placidly to our deaths?!”
"Come on, into the toilet. I'll take a look at the cuts." John kept his arms around him until they got to the sink. "Where?" John asked. "Your hip is bleeding."
have sensed that something was off. When the DC came to interview them, John was still compelled to do the whole aggressive-Alpha-stay-away-from-my-mate thing (that Sherlock found unaccountably thrilling). When Lestrade came in the room, John had bristled for all of 15 seconds before standing down and inviting the copper in.
“I’m getting you out of here.” Sherlock subvocalized, lips barely moving. “It’s my fault he took you.”
“You’re mine, love, and there’s only one thing you can say about that.” I jacked his prick, the pink head emerging from his foreskin then almost disappearing again. “Only one thing you can say: ‘Yes, John.’”
John sighed. "Just a little close to home – it WAS my fault. I was... frustrated... and acting out. Sherlock got in the way and ended up hitting his head on the lino. I feel responsible – I AM responsible."
Then I heard the front door again. Voices in the hall – one belovedly familiar. A knock on the study door. “Dr. Watson is here.” One of Mycroft’s assistants. “Are you ready for him?”
“Oh.” I  said. Not John. It had been so real, John’s hair against my face. Maybe I HAD died, briefly...
I’d been waiting for Mary to bring up Mycroft. I had to explain him, make Mary believe it. I’d thought long and hard what to say and, as with Harry, decided to hew as close to the truth as possible.
Sherlock moaned involuntarily – an animal sound of desire and need. John spit into his hand and began jacking in earnest. "That's it...yeah... kiss me – no, you don't touch it, only me. Put your hands on my body... that's it... you're so beautiful ... oh yeah, fuck my hand...." John watched Sherlock overcome with pleasure, the expressions on his face – wonder, delight, vulnerability, passion, love... he realized, finally, that Sherlock was utterly, baldly factual when he claimed to want to be with John for the rest of his life. How had a man who had completely closed himself off from this kind of connection fallen in love with HIM? And John had almost driven him away out of anger.
“The problem...” He repeated. “...is getting permission to bring a military force into Kazakstan. I’ve spent the last eight hours with the Kazakh ambassador...”
"For Christ's sake, John! He wanted to ask me about Mycroft. You're right, they're sleeping together." Sherlock said.
John was stunned. Sherlock had confessed as much – written how he loved John in the letter he'd handed to him when he reappeared after two years of being 'dead.' But devoted? To John? The words made sense, but somehow John had never quite realized how fully Sherlock loved him.
“I’ve done something terrible.” I said abruptly. I hadn’t intended to say anything, ever. But in the face of John’s love... I couldn’t pretend any longer...
John knew now that I'm not asexual. Would he guess how I feel about him? Did I want him to? It would be a relief... but I didn't want John's pity. I didn’t want to lose our friendship.
you trusted me. Was I wrong? Do you want to exercise your guardianship... should I just stay home when you can't accompany me? Should I stay home all the time? Have a couple babies, have dinner on the table every night!? Die from bloody boredom?!"
He dried quickly, ignoring the pile of filthy clothes and donned the kit provided — military issue boxers, khaki trousers and a white cotton t-shirt. They all fit, if a bit more snugly than Lestrade would have chosen for himself.
John's mood suffered. He didn't fall back into the deep depression, but his mouth was set with tension, his eyes angrily defiant. Sherlock said nothing – what could he say? It didn't help that the boot Sherlock wore for the cracked tibia meant going more slowly than either of them would have liked.
“In here.” He said. I realised that one entire wall of the empty room had closed sliding doors. Sherlock pulled one back to reveal a rolled futon and linens.
“I’ll need to take blood and tissue samples.” Sherlock said. Lestrade nodded and Bill retrieved an autopsy tray and samples kits. Sherlock parted the body bag and began scrutinising the body.
John smiled and kissed Sherlock's forehead. "Then I think we're compatible." He chuckled. "But... we need a safe word... just in case ..."
"That's right, cum on me... shoot it on my chest... come on, I want it... oh, yes, love ... just like that..." John hooked his left arm around Sherlock's straining body – unselfconscious of his ungainly stump for the moment – and held him close as he climaxed, kissing his ivory neck.
“Me too.” John looked absolutely miserable. Sherlock supposed he did too. “Listen – I’m happy you’re alive, Sherlock, I am.”
"If you're going to move out... or anything like that, I'm asking you to postpone it until after the trial. Please, John."
John scoffed bitterly. "Because HE was following me too. Who knows for how long. He used to do that sometimes before – he had to know everything I did."
“We agreed that John would be safe!” I snapped. “Before anything else. If this sniper is aiming at John, I want to know. I want to take him out. Then I’ll go to America.”
“That you grew up on the outskirts of London, your accent gives you away. Obvious. That you were able to control your base instincts whilst surrounded by raging Alpha testosterone, told me that you’d had long practice. The way you treated me revealed that you are sympathetic to Omegas. You’ve spent a lot of time with an Omega. Not a parent, he or she would be bonded if you were their child, so a sibling that you’ve looked out for his whole life.
There! Invisible to anyone standing at my grave, but obvious to me as they flanked John and Mrs. Hudson. For a moment, I thought they might attack my friends right here in the cemetery. I readied myself for a fight. But then the woman moved on, circling back towards the man.
I wanted John as much as ever. The better I felt, the more distracting his presence – I couldn't stop thinking about how he'd touched me... how I wanted him to touch me...
Sherlock laughed a little. "I was being very selfish, John. I didn't even think about what you might want. I just... wanted..."
We were silent for a while, caught up in our own thoughts. “I miss the wanker.” Lestrade said. “Not only because I have a case or two I could use his help with... I miss getting texts demanding a good case, or failing that, the oldest, knottiest cold cases I’ve got. I miss him barging onto a murder scene, insulting the techs, belittling my detectives. I miss his incredible leaps in logic that somehow not only made sense, but most of the time were true. I miss him deferring to you. –“
John tried to remove the chainsaw, but he sawed off his other hand instead. He looked at his two stumps in dismay and loathing. How would he get along now? How would he eat? How would he dress himself? He was as helpless as an infant. He was swaddled in the softest pajamas and fed one spoonful at a time. When he had to piss, someone had to hold his cock, and when he shit, they had to wipe his arse.
The big man stepped closer. Sherlock made out his blonde crew cut and his pink eyes. His eyebrows were so white-blonde they disappeared into his pale skin. He looked alien.
After that, Sherlock searched Dusette out and had used her expertise on a number of occasions. Contacting her involved sending messages via certain homeless, a process which could take days. He was lucky today, he was invited to meet that same day. He brought her his notes and diagrams and turned the problem of the hunter's house over to her. She'd let him know when she'd cracked the house's security.
“Quit being an idiot.” John said. “Of course, I can’t see her anymore. Even if you don’t want to live together, even if you only want to see me during your heats, you are my mate, Sherlock. There’s no one else for me now.”
...a low hum of fear from Sherlock bled through their empathetic link... John hadn’t thought about Sherlock whilst he fought – but the adrenaline seemed to have shielded his mate from feeling much of it. But now he was afraid... John cursed himself for leaving Sherlock alone... not that his Omega couldn’t take care of himself – but these people were serious! And Sherlock could be reckless...
I went to the woods behind Grantham Farm because I'd heard rumours of what went on there – men met other men there for illicit sex. I was young, but I knew what I wanted and I was in a hurry to get it. Not enough of a hurry that I wouldn't turn down a bloke I didn't like the look of, but I was ready and willing if someone attractive came along.
Mary smiled again, a little lopsided. She was pale – she’d washed her face and not bothered to reapply makeup. The bruise on her cheek was blooming, it would black her eye, I could tell. The swelling was minimal however – the ice had done its job.
“I wasn’t busy.” He said. He looked bemused and I knew why. Mary was very attractive – petite and pretty, but not showy. Sensible with intelligent eyes... just my type. I gave him a look that I hoped would discourage any ideas he might be getting.
“The deputy director became infected and bit his way through the records and research.” Mycroft sighed. “Anthea and I were trapped in a bunker most of the night — without cell service. We had to await our own rescue before I could affect yours.” Mycroft fixed him with a glare. “Now tell me what I don’t know.”
John complied, grunting with the effort. It was fantastic, the best sex he’d ever had. He thrust exuberantly, his fingers digging into the Omega’s hips. He panted and cried with the ecstasy, breathing in more and more of the heady Omega scent.
"This is me." Shane said as their taxi pulled up outside a rather posh town home, the kind that came with keys to a private park. They went in, Shane had the third floor flat – large open living/dining area, larger than the entire flat at 221b Baker St. The well-appointed kitchen was smaller – almost a boxcar kitchen – but open to the dining area so it didn't feel cramped. One corner by the front windows was dominated by a desk with a laptop and stacks of books and papers piled on and around it. A comfortable looking couch sat on a thick area rug opposite a flatscreen telly and a Scandinavian blonde wood dining set that had seen better days lurked near the kitchen.
Before when they had kissed, it had been frantic, desperate - both making the most of the short time they had together. This kiss was different. It was languorous, slow, but still passionate. Sherlock thought he could kiss John for the rest of his life and not know all the ways John could kiss him.
Anwen looked at him in disgust then marched down the hall to the little office and I heard her call 999.
But his hands were shaking. The heroin was far away, following his salty tears in the salty currents...
And Sherlock had to get himself under control, had to get back to where he could be friends with John – brothers, able to live in each other's pockets again without lust surging through his veins every time he smelled John's hair or felt the warmth of his hand.... god, he loved John's hands! Broad and square, still tanned from the desert, and so strong, so skillful... he desperately wanted to feel those hands on his body...
“I’ve given you everything you have – everything you’ve ever bloody wanted, you bloody got – you ungrateful, spoiled breeder! Everything!”
The doctor made notes on Sherlock's chart – then frowned as she read the initial report. The concussion shouldn't have been life threatening – not whilst Sherlock was being monitored in hospital.
“Hey, John, how are you feeling?” Shane asked softly. He pulled a chair up next to the bed and sat down.
But rationality had nothing to do with what was happening now. This was pure base instinct, the kind they rigorously taught people like John to control in sex ed class.
Sherlock looked startled. "He's... he was..." All the emotion drained from his face. “I can't...” He said.
John’s reverie was interrupted by the bell ringing – and then someone pounding on the street door. Before he had descended three stairs, Mrs. Hudson had opened the door and Dr. Mahon was in his front hallway.
that turned them into mindless vectors for the disease. Once bitten, their only purpose seemed to be to bite other humans and spread the infection as far and as fast as possible. Holding them at bay in these numbers without hurting and even killing a few was impossible. And Lestrade didn’t fancy becoming one of them.
It wasn't a big leap from that to being 'in love' with him. Maybe I already was in love with him – I just couldn't admit any anomalous bisexuality to myself... why not? What was the big deal? Because it had never happened before didn't mean it couldn't happen. And now that it had, I didn't want to be afraid of it.
"No, sir, it's against the rules." The nurse was pretty, an English rose in her last bloom as middle age overtook her. She had ample breasts and the eyes of someone who had had too many disappointments.
“You don’t understand!” The Alpha screamed, shocking John. “No one understands…” He moaned. “Except Sherlock. You understand, don’t you, darling?” He leaned close to John’s mate – too close, his lips brushing his cheek. John’s stomach churned. “You know what it’s like, being bored.”
John had struck up conversations wth Fraser's partner and Krazinsky's friend and had helped Sherlock form a list of the things the two victims had in common. It was a short list.
Dr. Mahon cocked her head. “You certainly could try to do that.” She said. “But that’s not your only option.”
John opened his eyes and saw Alfred still standing warily nearby, Molly clutched in his arms like a shield. The boy smiled at him tentatively... John swore internally – he had fought and beaten another Alpha, an Alpha who had
“I don’t want to be cured.” Sherlock said, noting the stiffness of Shane’s posture, the way he gripped the wheelchair, his knuckles white with tension. “No matter what John does or doesn’t do, I’m better off for loving him.”
He knew Sherlock felt the same – his vexation and discomfort came through their empathetic link loud and clear. But they had to learn to be apart. They couldn’t live the rest of their lives joined at the hips. (John’s lewd thought at that image did nothing to assuage Sherlock’s discontent.)
Sherlock didn't say anything. Even sitting still his thighs ached from stretching over John's shoulders yesterday, the pain taunting him. His fractured tibia hurt worse – the pain medication he'd been given was woefully inadequate.
Thank you all for following this story! I've enjoyed all your comments, questions and ideas. I look forward to Wednesdays now, like you wouldn't believe.
I stopped, but didn't turn around – Sherlock was on the landing above me, I could hear him shifting his weight.
The dinner was with Shane's cousin, Jason – the former RAF pilot – and his partner, Jane, and Mike Stamford and his wife, Siobhan. It was another foray into public with the prosthetic. John was not looking forward to it.
"Of course I know what that feels like! Do you think you're the only person who's ever lost someone?!"
“John, you have to give yourself a break. I can try to help you modify the three basic forms so that you can perform them, but you should OK it with your doctor. You don’t want to overdo it.”
Sherlock returned to his chair by the bed, but John's mood had changed. He was unsettled and withdrawn.
“A couple things.” Anwen said, leaning against the desk. “The biggest is that Vic isn’t even mentioned. The will my father showed me, Vic was provided for – not lavishly, but not modestly either. Enough for him to live on if he chose.”
“I promise.” Sherlock stepped close to me and this time I didn’t back away. His large, elegant hands cupped my face and he leaned down to kiss me. “I promise.” He repeated between kisses.
She sighed – then chucked me on the arm sheepishly. “By the way... you should probably call the Inspector. I mentioned that you’d gone missing too – I’m afraid I was a little hysterical.”
I love him. I love John with my entire being. I am his, unquestionably. And I will continue to love him whether he’s with me or not, whether we’re just friends or more than friends… or less… My love for John is a fixed point in the universe, unchangeable. Monolithic. It doesn’t require him to return the sentiment. I never expected that he could, let alone would. I tried to be content with the time and attention he gave so freely. I tried not to be greedy.
Neither Shane nor Sherlock were in his room when John returned. He felt relieved – they hadn't left him alone much recently. And he was tired, he hadn't slept much last night. Maybe he'd have a nap before dinner.
John caressed Sherlock’s hair, his fingers falling to the bond mark and lingering there. It was deeply soothing.
I thought for a second, then opened another drawer for a pair of clean black pants that I tucked into the other shoe. Sherlock always liked to be well-dressed.
Sherlock walked the perimeter of the room, his fingers brushing the moulding, reading its whorls and swooshes like braille. He found what he was looking for on the opposite side of the fireplace from the desk. Looking at the layout of the room again, he saw that this area had been left purposely bare – no upholstered chair or hassock to get in the way.
John’s eyes burned with rage, but he allowed Moran to hoist him over his shoulder. Moran smirked at Sherlock as they retraced their steps up the corkscrewing passage to the stairs and then down the long subterranean tunnel that led to the parking garage.
John wasn't hungry. Neither was Sherlock apparently, they both sat there staring at the meal in silence.
“Fuck that!” Lestrade insisted, his mirth finally fading. He sprang up and pulled Mycroft to his feet, wrapping his arms around the taller man. “Oh god.” He moaned as they pressed together from chest to knee. Mycroft’s mouth sought his. Their kiss was intense, their panting breaths hot.
I still couldn’t bring myself to believe that John wouldn’t tire of me. Or decide that he couldn’t be with a man after all. Daily, John erased my fears – with his smile, with kisses. With the way he held me and the way he looked at me. The way he made love...
Sherlock cut him off, filling the space between them and Church with words. “I don’t want to own John, guard him jealously, suspicious of every look or word... I want him to be with me because that’s where HE wants to be.”
John held him close while he sobbed, feeling foolish but unable to stop. John pet his hair and whispered about how beautiful he was and how loved he was.
I would say I have simply been myself – but certainly not my best self. I will have to learn to hold myself to your higher standard.
Sherlock nodded. He turned to Moran. “He needs medical attention. Where’s the other one – Bruno? He can take him.”
“The good news is that your right hand does not seem to have sustained any lasting damage. The clumsiness you’re experiencing will pass. Your feet are doing well. You may have some lasting effects – cramping, varicose veins, the potential for deep vein thrombosis, things that are inevitable with compromised circulation – or your legs might fully recover as well. We’ll continue stimulating blood flow for now.”
I licked my lips. “You’re the first person I’ve met that Sherlock has had a physical relationship with.” I admitted. “Until now, I thought he was asexual.” I remembered the prescription of PrEP in the linen closet. “Or, I don’t know, kept his sex life extremely private.”
Fuck! He could see Sherlock’s throat bulging outwards, full of his throbbing prick. He choked back a cry and tried to keep himself in check. But Sherlock was still tugging impatiently on his legs. John pulled his cock out until only the head was in his lover’s mouth, then thrust himself forward and buried his cock to the hilt in Sherlock’s throat.
Had it been three days? He'd gotten up to slash and drink water from the tap only a moment ago, it seemed. Maybe that didn't count.
Sherlock stared at John who stared at his shoes. "John." he said quietly. "Can't we talk about this on our own?"
Instead, he started reading through Lestrade's cold cases. He spent a pleasant few hours solving cases without leaving his bed.
Sherlock knew he didn't deserve a second chance, but he had let himself believe that John would give him one anyway. He had to adjust his expectations before talking with John. And he needed to rewrite the letter.
Sherlock found himself thinking about the dead patient, turning it over in his mind. It made no sense, the man dying and being left there for hours.
John growled and ground his hard cock against Sherlock. Sherlock pushed back and they were grinding together. It felt so good, John’s hands on his body, John holding him firmly, John in charge... Sherlock didn’t think he’d ever been so aroused. He fumbled with the buttons on his trousers with his free hand and pushed them and his pants down over his hips. Only John’s thin pajamas were between them still.
Mycroft rang for the nurse. As she hurried in, I caught sight of John staring worriedly into the room before the door closed.
John was in the hall sounding worried. Had Sherlock lost track of time? “Coming.” He answered. He opened the door and there was John with that soft, concerned look on his face, it broke Sherlock’s heart.
Mycroft nodded. He leaned forward and pressed a button, spoke into a grille. “Thank you, Daniel. Please return to Baker Street and take my parents to their hotel when they’re ready. Then you can go home, I’ll take a cab from here.”
This happened so long ago. And still, Sherlock could remember it clearly. He could never forget that. It was such a tender moment. And it was the only time he saw John so relaxed and calm.
John. The only thing keeping him alive. The only thought that made him go through all of this. Sherlock stayed sane, for John.
When the plane was up in the sky, Sherlock let his tears go. He was shaking and silently crying, trying to wipe away the tears, but there were just more coming.
In the end, his mind broke and he just… stopped. He slowly stopped sobbing, his body stopped shaking. Tears still streamed down his face, but Sherlock couldn’t feel them. He couldn’t feel anything. He was looking into nothing. He didn’t even think about anything. It was all just silent. It was already dark. The night was cold.
"Do your parents know?" John asked his voice barely audible, almost like a whisper, but enough for Mycroft to hear. Mycroft didn't look at him, but John knew that they didn't. John only nodded and stood up to walk back to Sherlock.
"Apple." He looked up at Sherlock and saw how his eyes widened. Sherlock then slowly pushed the plate away from him towards John, took his cup and walked to his chair to drink it. John stopped eating and thinking why Sherlock refused to eat the pie. He never refused to eat any of Mrs. Hudson's made pies or other her cooked food. Maybe he didn't like apple? No, Sherlock ate apple before, apple pies too. But what was different this time?
That one night he felt strong enough to finally do something. He tried and tried and tried, but nothing happened. He wanted to give up, but he never gave up. So he tried again, but no use. He was stuck with no way out.
"He's happy?" she asked in disbelief. "With you? Here?" Sherlock could see this whole act and it was making him despise her more. "Do you really think he could be happy with
"Of course." Sherlock said and looked away. And since that day, they both are living in the flat again. Sherlock seemed to notice how John became more happy being here, but his emotions always changed when he talked about Mary or thought about her.
“Do it.” Sherlock whispered his voice deep and barely audible. “Show me.” he added. John groaned and grind one last time, a bit harder, which made Sherlock arch up.
"I can't lose you again. I can't. Not anymore. I need you. I-I always did. It never changed. I wish you could know how much you changed my life. I felt as if seeing colours." He let out a small laugh. "That time when I checked your pulse after you jumped... I saw colours. I did. Even if just for a second, but I did. Now I know." John smiled and looked back at Sherlock. "They were so bright. But now I know. I know for sure." John closed his eyes and looked down.
John's eyes found Sherlock. He didn't have an oxygen mask right now, so John could see his full face. Sherlock looked so peaceful and beautiful, even in this state. But John knew better. Just by thinking how much pain he went through. Getting shot two times, the pain is unbearable. John himself was shot only one time. Sherlock didn't deserve to be shot any times at all, but it was all Mary. John could feel tears in his eyes. Slowly, he took Sherlock's hand in his own. Inhaling deeply, John decided to speak. He was overflown with everything and it was getting too much. He had to speak, he had to say at least
Victor looked out the windows at the rain. “It never seemed right. Afan was fit, he was experienced. He knew the trail. There was no reason for him to fall… but sometimes there isn’t a reason.”
“Boxing Day.” Lestrade replied easily. “I’m working tomorrow. Someone’s gotta do it.” He shrugged. “What about you? Does the British government take Christmas off?”
I nodded, shaking off the melancholy. “I love your chest.” I said, rubbing my face in furry softness over his sternum. “And your shoulders - I love this spot right here...” I kissed the front of his shoulder. “...where your muscles twitch and create this little hollow...”
He sat down next to John and Sherlock's despair overwhelmed him. He bowed his head, trying to regain some semblance of composure.
Moran opened a door with an ornate iron door handle and revealed the master's suite. It was a large room with a grand fireplace and an imposing four poster bed set diagonally so it caught warmth from the fire. There were Indian rugs on the floor – layered rugs, each more beautiful than the last. In the reaches of the room, Sherlock could make out chairs, a small table and a gentleman's wardrobe, but the locus of the bedroom was the fireplace and the enormous tiger pelt rug before it.
Distantly I know I should feel sorry for her. John would. But she’s hurting Mrs. Hudson. I can see the tears on Mrs. Hudson’s face, the rigidity of her arms even as she tries to reassure me with her eyes. The way Mary’s shoving the gun barrel against her ribs will leave bruises.
“When I ran away from Sherrinford, from the Alpha whose scent... when I ran away, I was hours away from full-on heat. John... I met him on the street. He helped me get to safety… but I had liked the way he smelled immediately. His scent is strong and virile and
"Yo-you don't remember me?" John slowly asked, still expecting for Sherlock to smile and tell him he was just joking. But Sherlock just kept looking at John, deducing.
"She was shot. Didn't lose that much blood, but was still taken to hospital. She is never left alone, there is at least one officer with her. After Mary recovers, we will take her to prison. I made sure she never leaves." John let out little a breath. He started hating her. If it wasn't for her, Sherlock wouldn't be in coma right now.
John let go of Sherlock's hand and just sat there, looking at the detective. Everything around him was silent, the only sound was the heart monitor. John slowly looked up the heart monitor and saw no change in it. The same pulse, rhythmic heart beat. Nothing new. And like this for a whole month.
"I-I love you, Sherlock." He heard a whisper and slowly opened his eyes. He was blinded a bit, but he quickly recognized the place he was at. Everything white around him and that smell of disinfection.
John decided to just go. He had nothing to do here anymore. Even if John tried to become friends all over again with Sherlock, there was just a little chance that Sherlock will fall in love with John. Maybe he wasn't in love with John in the first place. Now John will never know. Because it was all over.
He felt pain all over his body, he was shaking uncontrollably and the cold of the ground and damp grass was getting to him even if he didn’t know it.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered, his voice without any hope. He didn't even know what he was apologising for. Did he apologise for how he couldn't save him? Not today, not two years back? For all those body parts? Calling him idiot? Making John think he was dead? For those two years of pain? For not telling how he felt? For not saying things he always wanted to say? Or maybe because all of this had to end like this? Maybe because Sherlock gave John meaning of life again, but is the one who will also take it away? What was he apologising for?
"Oi, Sherlock, what is it with you and apples?" John looked up waiting for his answer. He had to agree, he was curious. Sherlock turned to look at them and simply said:
" Moriarty motioned towards Sherlock and let his hair go. Sherlock's head fell down and John winced. "
"What would you suggest?" Moriarty asked him. Sherlock looked up to see him smirking. "Last time it didn't work."
It was a peaceful evening. It's been few weeks since Moriarty came back. John hasn't seen Sherlock since then either. He thought, maybe Sherlock was too busy trying to find out what Moriarty was up to next. Sadly, John didn't know the real truth. Yes, Sherlock kept John updated, at least a little bit. But John felt like Sherlock was avoiding him.
He heard a voice and stopped breathing. Sherlock knew this voice too well. He could feel the pain spreading in his chest even more, making it harder to breathe.
"It's an apple pie. I figured I should make it for you both." John smiled and took one cup to drink the tea a little bit.
“Please, Sherlock…” John whispered. He could barely speak, he was so desperate to come that his vision started to go white. His throat was sore; he could feel tears welling up in the corners of his eyes. It was too good, it was all too good.
John walked into the room fo find Mary reading a book. He slowly walked to her. Mary looked up at John and smiled at him, but he didn't return the smile. He stopped in front of her chair and extended his hand to help her stand. She gladly took it and with John's help, she stood up. They started making their way towards dinning room, while suddenly Mary stopped. John turned around to see her grabbing her stomach, obviously in pain. She groaned and took a hold of John's hand again, squeezing it. Mary looked up at John and whispered:
"But that's not possible." Mycroft says it into the phone as he opens the door of the car and climbs out. "That is simply not possible." he looks at Mary and John that are holding hands. He slightly frowns. John walks toward Mycroft, noticing how his face changed into something that was supposed to look like fear.
Sherlock paced around his flat, waiting for any news from Mycroft, but he got nothing. It's like Moriarty is waiting. Waiting for their guard to be down, then he will attack. But the wait was driving Sherlock crazy. Maybe that was Moriarty's point? Sherlock sat down. He wasn't calm, far from that. He didn't take any cases now, he couldn't distract himself with them. But slowly, the detective drifted into his mind palace again. He tended to do that a lot right now. Thinking about everything he could, everything he cared, everything that was happening at the moment.
"He's going to be ok, right?" Greg asked, relief in his voice. But the smile didn't change on doctor's face. John knew that that wasn't it.
It was the day Sherlock finally got out of the hospital. They were just slowly making their way up the stairs. Sherlock wasn't fully healed, he could still feel his wound, but at least there was no way of internal bleeding or the wound opening. So Sherlock could go home. And here they were.
John just took Sherlock's hand again, slowly tracing circles with his thumb. He sighed and looked at the detective. A few curls were falling on Sherlock's face and John softly, but hesitantly, brushed them on the left side. John could feel cold skin under his fingertips and a shiver went down his spine.
John walked to his wife. She was lying on the bed, her face all sweaty and she looked exhausted. John slowly approached her bed. Mary was looking out the window, but when she heard John walk in, she turned to look at him. Small smile crept into her face, but when she saw John's expression, her own face fell.
John slowly walked back to his seat. He sat on the chair that was on Sherlock's left. John looked at the detective and felt as if he was in his mind palace, not moving and thinking. John could almost imagine that, but the oxygen mask was the only thing proving that the image was not real and this is in fact the reality. Sherlock's not in his mind palace. He is in coma. Maybe a never ending one.
That's when everything came back. His mind started to work properly. He knew what was real. He now knew. Sherlock finally accepted the fact, the he fell in love with John. And he was happy, that it is John he loves the most in the world.
Sherlock was making his way through the city. Strong wind blew right into his curls, his hair flying all over the place. He was looking down, eyes fixed on the ground. It’s not like he needed to see where he was going, he knew the way all too well. He didn’t pay attention to his surroundings either. He could hear people, but he didn’t acknowledge them. Sherlock didn’t care about them. There, a boy running. Maybe he was thirteen or fourteen years old. He was running, in a rush. Maybe he missed his bus, maybe he had somewhere to be, maybe he was buying drugs. Who knew?
“You’re not helping.” He whispered to himself. He opened his eyes and looked up at the gravestone, his head still in his hands. “I’m sorry.” He said a bit louder, his voice breaking in the end. Sherlock could feel his eyes slowly welling up with tears. It’s always been like that, but not as bad as this. Sherlock tried getting his breathing even, eventually doing so, but he could still feel his heart beating fast.
"Waiting." He spat the word as if it was the worst thing in the world. "It's boring." John said and leaned into the wall, his eyes closed. Greg laughed silently, John now reminded him of Sherlock. He carefully looked at John and saw him close his eyes and focus on his breathing to calm down. Greg just by looking at John could see Sherlock. No, they weren't the same, they were so different but that's why they fit so much. They completed each other. Their friendship changed them in so many ways. Greg might have known that they loved each other and he was just waiting for the day when they both will finally realize. He didn't say anything, it wasn't his business, but he saw the longing looks. Greg knew.
” Sherlock slowly took off John’s pants, leaving him with only underwear. Sherlock then slowly removed underwear too, John’s erection flying up, finally free and demanding attention. Sherlock took it in his hand, giving few strokes which did miracles as John started moving with his hand again.
"I love you too." Sherlock said, his voice louder than before, stronger. He was sure and wasn't afraid to say those words. The look on John's face made little things to Sherlock's inside. John slowly leaned in and hugged Sherlock, never wanting to let go. They both were captured in the moment, finally happy after such a long time, holding each other, smiling and just being happy that it finally happened. They finally escaped the pain.
Sherlock looked up at John, while John slowly looked down to be met with Sherlock's red eyes, as if he was crying. Chains ringed through the whole place again. Sherlock knew that he won't grow old, he understood that with job like this, he will see end really quickly. But he didn't realize that he will fall in love during that time and will have to die together without telling John how much he actually ment. The detective was taking in everything about John since it was the last thing he will ever see. He regretted all those times when he didn't say what he actually felt towards John. He had a chance right now, but he won't do that to John. He just can't. Even if this is the last time. Sherlock knew how broken John was now, but he couldn't break him even more. He's not that kind of person.
One rather peaceful evening, John decided to have a little walk. He just needed some time outside. Not to be away from Sherlock, he didn't want that. He just wanted to think, he wanted fresh air. He needed some time for himself, to sort everything out. Even if he sat in his room, he could hear Sherlock, he could feel his presence and it made John frustrated.
“I tried to get over. To move on. Please, believe me, I did.” He whispered, not looking up this time, his eyes were still closed. “I’m sorry for not being capable of doing that. I’m sorry that I’m like this.” His hand went to hug his knees, leaving the gravestone. He was leaning into it, fully hugging his knees and hiding his face. Sherlock’s sobs slowed down, but they still shook him every now and then. He would whisper something once in a while, it mostly being ‘I’m sorry’.
“Morning.” said Sherlock. He saw that John wasn’t focused, as he was looking somewhere and completely not responding. Then he noticed where John was looking. Smug smile appeared on his face, as he turned around and walked to their room to put on some clothes.
John finally arrived at 221b. After Mary and everything, he didn't come back to his house, instead always ending up in Baker Street. As if John knew that something will happen, he had his clothes and other stuff packed. He was ready to leave Mary. He was ready for her to slip. And after all she did.
Everything he made was for John. He felt torture. A lot of it. But John kept him going. Knowing that when he will be done, he will go back to London, back to John.
"I did say I will burn the heart out of you, Sherlock." Moriarty turned back to look at Mary again. Sherlock's eyes widened. He suddenly jumped before John the second Mary shot. The bullet went into Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled at the memory and looked up to see John focused on a book. Of course, the detective was observing even if he didn't want to, but he couldn't help to notice that little wrinkle on John's forehead that appeared whenever the doctor was actually focused on something. A small smile appeared on Sherlock’s face. Slowly, the detective stood up to walk to their room. It was late after all and he was getting a bit tired which was out of character, but he’s been injured and that’s understandable.
“What is it?” his voice was softer than before. Then John looked up. His eyes were dark, full of desire.
"Last time you blew your head." Sherlock said looking down. John flinched at all the memories that were flooding him right now. Of Sherlock's last words, how he jumped, how he ran to him, shouting that it was his friend so people could let him through, how there was no pulse but bright colors, so bright. Colors he saw for just a second, because Sherlock was taken away from his as quickly as possible. How he spent two years thinking Sherlock was dead, but then, on the day he wanted to propose to Mary, he is suddenly alive.
John felt self-conscious doing this. He wasn't ready to use the stump itself for lovemaking – or anything, really. But his sturdy forearm was familiar, the sensitive skin on the inside now damp with Sherlock's emissions. It still felt like himself, like John the soldier, the doctor, the whole man.
hopeful that they can be recovered — some of the experts believe the disease simply has to run its course.” Mycroft looked dubious. “That would be a best-case-scenario.”
“I don’t care.” I said, smiling at him. I pulled the third out and stacked it and then the fourth. I spread a bright white sheet over them, tucking it in with military precision, then tossed a white duvet and several white pillows on top.
that the Omega was being difficult. Of course, he was! If she said ‘black,’ the spoiled child would say ‘white.’
I smiled into our kiss. “We missed my practice session this morning.” I said, starting to unbuckle his belt. I would never be the best cocksucker in the world, but I’d learned how to please him. I could make him come with my mouth alone now.
“John is a combat veteran.” Lestrade interrupted. “He can handle himself. Call him.” He prodded. “Call and ask him. He already told you to stay put.”
"What's wrong?" John asked. Sherlock glanced over – John had removed the prosthetic and was wearing the striped t-shirt with the long sleeves. It covered the stump. He was limping a little as he walked.
Sherlock waited almost two hours for the hunter to leave the establishment, then he went in and made an appointment for himself, creating an opportunity to get a look at the appointment book. Sebastian Moran. The hunter's name was Sebastian Moran.
“Because you’re completely predictable. Of course someone wanting to entrap you would send a woman exactly your ‘type.’ He’d know you’d be hesitant to believe she’s a criminal. It’s exactly what I would do.”
I remembered how Mycroft had found me, filthy, malnourished, half-frozen, half-dead and completely belligerent. I’d fought him with all my feeble strength, but he simply wrinkled his nose and had his aide carry me to the car. I was in a private rehab clinic by the end of the day – from which I ran as soon as I regained the ability to run. No, of course I hadn’t told John about that.
John began to protest, but Sherlock was on him. He had John’s sweet face between his hands and their lips met and they were kissing. It was as Sherlock had dreamed for so long, the hot, wet mouth beneath his, tongues sliding against each other, plunging deep. He felt John’s hands digging into his flesh, bruising him with their demands. Sherlock was hard – he dropped one hand down John’s back to his arse and pushed so Sherlock could rub his erection against John’s belly, feel John’s arousal pressing on his thigh...
“I can have dinner ready in fifteen minutes.” John said, leaning over to kiss me. “If you’re hungry. But I was thinking of getting in the shower first...” He scratched at his ribs. “Still feeling a bit greasy – you’re welcome to join me.”
Immediately she appeared, coming through from the living quarters. “Sir?” Anthea’s eyes widened as she spotted the green patch on her boss’s jaw, but she said nothing.
Thusly I tortured myself. Perhaps if I’d had more experience with love relationships, I wouldn’t have assumed all was lost. Perhaps if John had some history of being with men, I wouldn’t have felt so insecure. But as it was, I spent the afternoon in hell.
“Take the corridor to the stairs and down two flights.” John said obsequiously gesturing crisply at the far end of the hall. “Can I accompany you?”
Lestrade held him, his easy smile failing. His throat felt thick. He didn’t know what he’d expected from the Christmas Eve lark, but this wasn’t it… this was…
Mrs. Hudson stood in the center of the room, her eyes round and scared. Mary stood next to her. She was shorter than Mrs. Hudson but held her arm in a crushing grip. In Mary’s other hand she held a gun pointed at Hudders’ ribcage, angled so that if she fired it would pierce Mrs. Hudson’s heart.
Afterwards they walked to lunch. It was a sunny day and it felt good to be out of doors and especially out of hospital. John had thoroughly enjoyed eating – something that hadn't happened since Sherlock's return.
John lay still, his arms around me. “Cocksucking IS the one thing completely new to me. You know, usually I like a challenge... I let myself be daunted... intimidated... it’s ridiculous, really.” John smiled coyly. “If you’re willing... I can practice everyday.”
The Omega looked at John with fading hope. “Boost me.” He whispered, his voice shockingly rich and low. John felt it in his inflamed groin.
Sherlock gasped and pressed his hips up against John’s, seeking pressure and friction against his Omega cock. John took it in hand – it was perfect, just the right size to suck. John kissed his way down his mate’s belly, pressing his nose into the coarse whorls below his navel. He stroked the Omega’s cock and kissed it, tonguing the glans and licking its length. He sucked it into his mouth like an ice lolly, feeling the tip press against the back of his throat.
John uttered a small 'oof' as he impacted the wall, his breath gusting against my chin, but it did not deter his hands from grabbing hold of me, his arms from wrapping around me. He opened his mouth for my kisses and returned them with gratifying fervour. I wanted to consume him completely, make him part of me, make us a single being that could never again be parted.
“Bill? It’s John... Yeah... look there’s a bit of trouble like I had before, think you can get in touch with your cousin’s friend again? ... no, I know.... I remember ... it’s Dr. Mahon’s kid, Bill... Yeah...  I’ll get the cash... Ok, ring me back, yeah?... bye.”
John had had a shower and was dressed in the fresh pajamas. But instead of feeling better, every little thing that Sherlock had had to help him with – tearing the wrapping off the soap, prying the lid off his deodorant, putting toothpaste on his toothbrush, unscrewing the mouthwash – made John more sour. By the time John flung the dental floss across the room in helpless rage, Sherlock knew nothing would improve John's mood this evening. The grave realities of his situation had sunken in, John would need time to process it.
John sat up, propping himself on his elbows, watching Sherlock work on his leg. The evening sun shone through the windows and set his ginger hair ablaze. His skin was ruddy, every pore illuminated. Sherlock could study John's face for hours, the strong lines of his nose and jaw, the delicate pink of his lips, the rough skin of his cheek, the thick fringe of his eyelashes... and his eyes, full of hope and wanting. John wanted him! Sherlock discovered his fingers were tracing the shape of John's brow, his cheekbone... John leaned into his touch with a sigh and Sherlock tightened his grip on John's neck and pulled him into a kiss.
