Sherlock sighed softly and resumed his position of being entirely wrapped up in John. He closed his eyes and within moments, he had fallen asleep.
Chapter Summary:
She nodded at him. “Okay.”
“Must you.” Sherlock ducked his head in for another kiss.
John dragged on pants, jeans, vest, and shirt. “I can’t stay.” He knelt and put on his socks and shoes.
“We can make it three weeks.”
“I need a hero.”
“I can’t.” John pushed past him and headed for the door before pausing and turning around. He came back to Sherlock and pressed a firm kiss on his cheek. John lingered for a moment, his eyes closed, absorbing the feel of Sherlock’s skin beneath his lips, the warmth of his body against his own, the smell of his skin. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock stood and made his way to where John had hung up his coat. After rustling about in the fabric, Sherlock pulled them out. The sight of the tiny socks in his large hands brought an involuntary smile to his face. “They’re pink.”
“Nothing.” John looked at the telly, looking at the rerun of QI.
When the alarm went off early that morning, John jerked awake quickly to turn it off before Sherlock noticed.
John set his shoulders. “Sherlock, this is becoming a bigger deal than you think it is. I think we should take Rosie out of nursery school and implement self-quarantine.”
Rubbing a hand over his face, John shook his head again. “Didn’t get the chance, bloody Lestrade called right as I was about to ask,” he whispered.
“-it does have the tendency-”
Sherlock reached down and tugged John towards him. “Better places to kiss me anyways.”
Quickly, John shushed him, keeping an eye on Sherlock. “Not here, you bloody idiot. But it’s fine. I’ll just do it somewhere else before tonight.”
Sherlock flushed and pressed his face to John’s shoulder in embarrassment, mumbling his response. “It was an accident. Don’t be mad. I’ll find it.”
Thank you for reading! Comments, questions, & critiques are always welcome.
“Shut up.” John looked at the mess. “Well, I’m going to go get my shoes. Can you put some pants on and go ask Mrs. H if we can borrow her vacuum?”
Thank you so much for reading. Questions and comments are always welcome.
Sherlock bent his head and brushed his lips against John’s cheek. “You are all of the good men, gods, streetwise Hercules, and white knights on fiery steeds rolled together. And I hold out for you, always.”
She nodded. “Can I call you and tell you?”
John was quiet for a few moments. "This is around when it started. The Hard Times."
Sherlock paused in the doorway, watching him. He had just come downstairs from putting Rosie to bed. It had been a year since John moved in with him and he was enjoying their building domesticity and his developing role in Rosie's life. The tension emanating from John was palpable on his tongue and he found he couldn't look away from the stoic figure in the window but was unable to make a move towards him.
Of the greatest love
Real life: UK begins human trials on vaccine.
Real life: 11,329 deaths – no immediate changes.
Story: Day with Rosie. Sherlock takes her on an adventure around the flat and he ends the day filming her clapping for John out the window.
“Life status is not a term I would use.” John sipped his tea.
“You did it wrong.”
“Doesn’t make it any less unpleasant. Please go shower immediately.”
Rosie turned to Sherlock questioningly and Sherlock cleared his throat.
18:54 Sherlock
Sherlock sighed and walked into the living room. John could hear the slight click of the remote buttons as he turned on the Firestick. Sherlock had ordered it for them and second for Mrs. Hudson during quarantine. It had certainly made their lives of never really the house (aside from a once a day short walk as sanctioned by the government) a lot easier through having the different streaming services so easily accessible. It was week 15 and they had gone through phases of driving each other absolutely up the wall, crippling depression, anxiety, being so restless they both thought they were going to die, and long stretches of lazy days, both men not moving from the sofa any more than absolutely necessary. They had even become plant parents to a beautiful little basil plant named Chester that John kept on a small table near the window. John had taken the opportunity to watch his favourite shows with Sherlock, moving swiftly through the two latest seasons of
Her face scrunched up in the beginnings of a fuss. Sherlock held his breath and watched as she suddenly sighed, looking in the direction of the playground. “Will you play Black and Alec with me?”
to the floor, rolling away.
“That is exactly what you must not do, Watson. It’s to keep us from getting ill, alright? Pinky promise me you will stay right next to me. It will be very hard, I know, but you can hold my hand.” Sherlock held out his hand, pinky extended.
“Mm.” Sherlock tilted his cheek towards him, his eyes still on the screen.
Nearly an hour later, the bread dough, safely relocated to the table and ensured to be glass-free, was placed back into the now clean and glass-free oven – which had involved painstakingly picking out little shards of glass with chopsticks – along with a metal pan filled with steaming water. The kitchen was clean, and the glass was in a bin bag. John ran the bag down to Mrs. Hudson’s bins and had also emptied and tidied out her vacuum of glass shards before returning it to her with many thanks. He tread back upstairs, slightly exhausted from the entire ordeal. With a sigh, he collapsed onto the sofa next to Sherlock who had gone back to watching
John felt his heartbeat quicken against his cheek and shifted in the embrace, moving his face up to look at Sherlock, who looked down at him. His eyes were wide and youthful in the naked vulnerability written in his expression. John slid a hand up and gently tugged Sherlock’s face down until their lips met. A shudder ran through Sherlock’s body as John kissed him, their lips meeting once, twice, three times. John slowly and carefully sucked at Sherlock’s bottom lip and nipped at his mouth in a way that drew a moan that rumbled through is chest. John whimpered softly and took a half step back, breaking their kiss.
you insinuate I would want to harm either of you.”
Sherlock knelt and wrapped his own hands around hers. “Not yet. It’s nearly eight. But we have a few more minutes. You know why we’re doing this, yes?”
06:54 John
“Sherlock…” John smoothed Sherlock’s shirt out over his chest. “I’m not a good man. I’m not.”
“We’re alright. Running low on milk, but everything else is fine. Mrs. Hudson’s running out of eggs. I was planning on going on a grocery run in a few days.”
Sherlock looked up from where he sat, building a makeshift fence out of blocks for Rosie’s horses and smiled at John. “I know. I love you too.”
“You have had, debatably one of the worst lives of anyone I have ever heard of.”
Sherlock shifted in his seat. “Nothing. Never mind.”
Quiet and soft
Sherlock took him in a moment before sitting on the sofa next to him and settling close, opening the book on top of both of their legs, his excitement with the publication re-appearing. “This is the original Hungarian text in which he illustrates the importance of hand-washing. Have you heard of Semmelweis?”
Story: Unplanned
Sherlock sat quietly for a moment; his face impassive. “I do want to see you.”
“Jesus, I’m not keeping you hostage, Sherlock. It’s to protect us, protect you, protect Mrs. Hudson.” John sighed and turned towards the sink, turning on the water and washing his hands.
“Oh no! I’ve gone and bungled it. I’m sorry, John,” Molly whispered, her eyes glittering, even as a frown formed on her face. She turned towards Sherlock and raised her voice “If you’ve already solved the case, why do you and John head out to Angelo’s for a bit of an early lunch? I can make sure to close up here for you.”
“She hasn’t done that for nearly six months, John.” Sherlock’s voice was soft. “You would know that if you were here.”
Having swiftly changed his clothes and gone into the bathroom to fulfill his nighttime ablutions, John slipped between the sheets and lay on his side of the bed. The other side, although usually empty when he went to bed, now seemed massively empty. A giant expanse of cold nothing. John shivered, pushing down the tightness welling up in his throat. Ridiculous. He was being ridiculous. He closed his eyes. Sleep. He just needed to sleep.
Sherlock jerked back as if he’d been slapped. “I beg your pardon?”
“What if I can’t wait five minutes?” Sherlock ducked around John’s elbow and sidled up behind him. He buried his face in John’s shoulder. “Mm. You smell good.”
Watson nodded, bouncing up and down on her toes as she peered out the window. Sherlock glanced at his wristwatch and checked his phone, propped up on the desk to record Rosie’s performance. The clock switched from 19:59 to 20:00 and he hit record. “Alright, Watson, go ahead.”
“This boy is stuck on an island with a beautiful black horse.”
“Sherlock?” Lestrade took a step towards him. “Alright, mate?”
Sherlock bit his lip as his chest threatened to explode from the flood of emotions running rampant through him. He pushed down the tiny wave of panic at the overwhelming sensation and leaned over, reaching out for John. He tugged on John’s arm. “John… I’ll find it just… come here.”
------------
? Well, try harder.”
Real life: 7,978 deaths, “stay inside, but this is working”, 3
Sherlock felt a warm hand on his cheek and blinked rapidly, bringing into focus John’s face quite close to his. Sherlock could feel himself crumbling and John pulled Sherlock close to his chest, alarmed. “Oh, Sherlock…”
“Right.” John nodded stiffly. Of course. What had he been thinking? Foolishness. Thank goodness he hadn’t asked right off. “Right, then.” He shifted his weight on his feet. “I’ll be in bed.”
He perked up as he heard the key turn in the lock downstairs and a smile appeared unbidden on his face as John’s footsteps walked up the stairs. He heard John shed his shoes and coat in the hall and walk into the living room. He tilted his face up, waiting for the kiss he knew was coming.
season and Sherlock was very committed to the saga. John had finished the last two episodes of season 6 the previous night while Sherlock had been too engrossed in a new pathology book that had finally arrived in the mail to possibly take a break from it. If Sherlock took the time while John was baking to catch up, they could move on to season 6 tonight.
John closes his eyes for a moment, flailing. He’s clearly not thought this through. He bids himself time with tucking the duvet securely around Sam and turning on his night light.
Lestrade leads the way to his office.  He falls into his chair and wipes a hand across his face.  "I take it you will want to speak with Adrian Reese today?"
“What do you mean,” the Alpha says, “that the door is new?”
His stomach tightens and sends queasiness pressing up his throat, warm and thick and heavy.  John knows this isn’t a standard reaction to potentially losing one’s friend and flatmate. It shouldn’t be this difficult and terrifying.  All this time and effort spent hanging on to his stance that he’s not gay and they aren’t a couple, that he’s not an Omega and he’s not attracted to Alpha Sherlock. He’s clung to his sense of who he is, and now, now
"I…." John tries.
“I’m sorry we’re late, but somebody was insisting on going out in the rain,” John calls down the corridor, signing the words for Sam before he untangles him from his damp and sticky raincoat. Sam does the rest himself, pulling off his wellies and placing them neatly along the wall, handing his hat to John, hanging up his rain coat and fishing out several pebbles from the pocket of John’s coat. He coos excitedly at the rocks, before carefully putting them into the pocket of his own raincoat.
“If you are old enough to commit these heinous acts of crimes, you are old enough to suffer the consequences.”
“I am hungry, John, let’s have lunch” Sherlock announces, and the sentiment is so novel that John doesn’t even recognize it’s a Sherlock Holmes Distraction Technique until they are sitting down in an Indian restaurant and Sherlock is chasing his curry chicken around on his plate with a fork.
Sherlock tugs Sam’s hat off his head, frees him of his scarf, gloves, and coat. He secures Sam into the chair and then, almost as an afterthought, hands him his mobile phone to play with. They settle around the table with their menus and when the waiter returns with their drinks, John orders for himself and Sam. Molly picks a salad at random.Sherlock tells the startled waiter to just “bring me something warm.”
John presses his palms against his eyes until the ceiling above him dances in colors and constellations.
“I was just remembering a similar case from a few years ago. Locked room. Faked suicide. The perpetrator got advice from an Internet page, the Science of Crime, a consultant criminal. It was one of the first…clues, I guess, from Moriarty.”
“He’s deaf,” John explains, “so meeting new people is a bit of a struggle at times.”
“Are you serious?” John is just managing to keep his voice from breaking, but the newspaper rattles in his hands.
“All right,” Lestrade concedes, his shoulders slumping in defeat, “how did the author of the list know about these supposed crimes?”
Sherlock places the cassette into the machine, carefully folding the lid, “then I’ll take the band and carefully-“
For a second, John thinks he sees a flicker of uncertainty in her eyes, but then she squares her posture and lowers her gun.
“You said you found something interesting on the hard drive,” Sherlock says impatiently, eager to move on to the things that are more important than complaining about riots.
“You were never Bonded!” Glen Reese snarls, and John has to hold his phone at arms length to escape the sudden venom in Glen Reese’s voice. “You don’t know… you have no idea how important it is to be Bonded, what it does to you, how it completes you! Nobody has ever cared for you, loved you, promised to spend their entire life with you.  Told you that you were meant to be together and that they would never, ever let you go.”
“Thirty two years old, he served a six-month-sentence for sexual assault on a minor when he was seventeen years old. Doctor Fenway’s name is noted in the case file for the defence. He was given a lenient sentence because Fenway said he’d been in…what do you call it?” Lestrade grimaces, unable to form the words and Sherlock does not even want to entertain them, not even in the privacy of his own head. It’s an occurrence so seldom that it’s almost considered a medical anomaly. Thankfully, he’s been spared the embarrassment of experiencing it himself.
“Get in.”
John feels his own pulse thrumming just below the surface as Sherlock steps in closers.
His first Christmas in 221 B had been spent shivering on a dark corner for a stake out that turned out to be a bust. At midnight they’d gone home and ordered Chinese. Sherlock had played the violin and John had read a biography about Churchill. It had been nice. Normal.
"The Warden said the identification cards raised no flags when he ran them through the system. Look, I know what you are thinking but those cards are impossible to fake.”
“If one did not comply, you would simply threaten their partner.”
The rest of the group murmurs their agreement.
He spends his nights staring at the growing damp mold patch on his ceiling, trailing his eyes along the cracks that creep from the lamp and towards the window. He grits his teeth and carries on, day after day. It´s all meant to be temporary, just until he can get control of his trembling hand and his bad leg. But temporary turns into weeks and then months and when spring comes around again, he´s still staring at the stains in his apartment.
John blinks for a moment and lifts a hand to touch his forehead. His fingers come back warm and sticky, but the wound doesn't seem to deep, just a nasty gash above his eyebrow.
The three victims are suspended to the ceiling, a hangman’s’ noose around their necks. The ligatures from the rope encircles their neck, running from the midline above the thyroid cartilage symmetrically upward on both sides of the neck to the occipital region.
Yu hits the play button and the screen fills with the blurry image of something pinkish. It takes John a second to realize they’re looking at person’s mouth. The camera jostles around and in the background they can hear the sound of an car engine.
“You tortured the victims and made them give up their bank account information, even if that wasn’t part of the plan.”
There is blood all over Doctor Fenway’s face and his battered mouth hangs open. His eyes are swollen closed. He is tied to his chair, his arms behind his back, and the plastic strips that had been used to bind his hands have bruised the thin skin on his wrists.  The cardigan is stained red with blood from his face and the multiple gunshot wounds to his chest.  The wall of diplomas behind his head is mottled with sprays of blood. Even the wall behind Doctor Fenway has not escaped the gunman’s ire.  The once meticulous office has been ransacked, chairs knocked over, curtains razed, drawers open and spewing papers, and several folders have been thrown across the floor.
Ms. Alton is watching like a hawk, and right now, they don’t need to give her any reason to dismiss what might be their first, obvious (painfully obvious,) clue.
Bloody hell.
The case had grown cold and Lestrade had grown increasingly frustrated. He wore a haunted, haggard look. Sometimes he’d show up at work in the same, wrinkled shirt from the day before. Suddenly, Lestrade had become a stickler for doing his paperwork and handing it in on time, always crossing his t’s and dotting the i’s. At one point, Sally Donovan worried that he might suffer a nervous breakdown.
“Jesus bloody Christ.»
John’s memory supplies the image of Fenway, bloodied, beaten and tied to his chair, gunshot wounds staining his body.
Over and over again.
As soon as she’s confident he’s gone, her posture stiffens, her slanted smile turns sharp. When she was a teenager, she’d been her boyfriend’s most precious possession. When she wanted to break up with him, he’d locked her up in his flat for four days. He got a few months probationary caution, she is still struggling with the nightmares. The last few days has knocked something loose in her. She rises slowly from the chair and walks over to the Alpha. Her ex would be about his age now.
Sherlock does an elegant twirl, slipping his arms into the sleeves of his coat and twisting his scarf around his neck in one fluid movement.
“I’m asking you to tell me what you know!”
For once, John thinks blithely, being an Omega is a characteristic that will work to his advantage. Alphas might fight over him, but they won’t risk harming him.
“I guess we start walking.”
“Are you able to tell us anything about Doctor Fenway’s filing system?” Sherlock interrupts.
“Of course,” Sherlock replies slowly, and watches the slight twitch at the corner of Moriarty’s smile.
John stuffs it into his pocket without looking at it. It’s going to be some time, it seems, before he can put this case behind him.
John drags a hand through his hair and lets out a shaky breath. Just yesterday he had been celebrating his first year of medical school with Andrew and Mike. The long stretch of summer ahead of him. He was going to work in a nursing home for some hands-on experience. He was going to visit Lydia, George and Harriet and spend warm summer nights on his porch.
He doesn’t want to think about these feelings John is conjuring in him. He doesn’t want to study them and name them. Emotions are antagonistic to clear reasoning, and he needs everything to be clear so he can get John out of this situation
“Oh, I believe you did far more than just talk. We have witness who testifies hearing raised voice from Doctor Fenway’s office on the night of his death. ” DI Dregs studies John, searching for a crack in John's defense.
“For now,” Mary winks, “I’ll see you later.”
”Just leave him be-” Jane Hill again, and then Glen Reese speaks, ”be quiet, he can hear you, you know! Omegas have excellent hearing, didn’t you guys-”
“Toby has been trained to assist people who are hard of hearing or deaf,” Sherlock says.
They move to stand in front of the massive whiteboards covering the length of the wall. Now John sees that it has been divided into categories: governmental, military, education, economy, private firms, nursing, student, unemployed and police.
Alive.
“Do you want a cup of tea?” John asks in the very same minute Mycroft produces a long, white, envelope from the inner pocket of his coat.
John tries very hard not to smile, but it’s difficult when they are almost pressed together like old lovers and Sherlock is making him feel all warm, and calm, and glowy and so he gives in and tilts his head a little and -
Something shifts on Sherlock’s face, a new emotion simmering in his eyes, and he reaches out to place his hand carefully against Sam’s back. Sam stops his squirming and John feels the grip on his neck tighten, just for a second, before it relaxes. Sherlock’s anxiousness is evident in everything but his touch. His hand skims tenderly up Sam’s back, brushing the short curls at the nape of his neck, while his gaze is locked on the tiny rise and fall of Sam’s back.
Detective inspector Lestrade looks like he’s been conscripted to serve in John’s firing squad, his expression grim and despondent. John knows that he is too late, that they’ve identified his fingerprints at the crime scene, and they’ve talked to the witness who saw him arguing with Doctor Fenway. This is certainly going to complicate his explanation. He scrubs his hand over his face and straightens his posture; he wasn’t going to limp into this.
“I don’t get it,” Lestrade says for the fourth time in just as many hours. “Obviously they made this film to… promote their work. Why not use it?”
Sally returns and places the document on the table. The court order is real enough and Lestrade reminds himself to thank John for having the foresight to suggest they might need one for the content on Fenway’s hard-drive. The files might be obscured as research notes, but they are technically patient files. As far as they knew, however, Edward Blithely has never been a patient of Fenway and ms. Alton might just have inadvertently given away her client.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Lestrade returns, his face twisted into a grimace. He stares at Sherlock, at John and then at the head on the table.
And then he leans over to capture John’s lips in a searing kiss.  John wonders if the kiss is meant to be apology and he feels his heart hammer frantically against his chest. Maybe this is all Sherlock is willing to give him, is able to give him. But he will take it, take all that is offered, and carve a piece of this in his memory- somewhere deep and dark where not even Sherlock has access to it. He presses up, up and into the kiss, digging his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and locking him in place so he can  hold the kiss until they must part for air.
“I’m not hungry,” Sherlock replies and resumes ignoring John.
“It is probably somebody from the group,” Sherlock muses. “They must have had Lee Finkel under surveillance.”
“Only when I am signing for his credit card statements, for the card he never knew I... nicked.”
Now he is doctor Fraser.
John nods. Closes his eyes and tries to fend off the headache he knows is coming in the wake of the confrontation of all these thoughts and emotions he’s been carrying for Sherlock.
“Here, drink some water,” Glen Reese pushes a bottle into his hands and John takes a long gulp of the stale water.
“Plenty of dark corners of the internet for like-minded individuals to find each other,” Lestrade mutters.
“Thanks for the lunch, but I’m afraid I’ve got to…” John starts hurriedly, he really can’t stand another second of Glen Reese. Doctor Fenway’s book has wound him up and John’s worries he is going to release all his frustration and anger in the form of a fist into Glen Reese’s red and smiling face. Thankfully, Glen Reese finally takes the hint and starts bustling towards the door.
John didn’t suddenly look at Sherlock one day, the two of them bent over a corpse, and feel his heart skip a beat or his breathe catch in his throat. He didn’t meet Sherlock’s thoughtful gaze in DI Lestrade’s office and feel his knees go weak. It wasn’t even seeing Sherlock lying slumped in his chair in the cold English sun, half-dressed in his robe and having everything slot into place.  He doesn’t even think it is because Sherlock is an Alpha and John an Omega and that it is by some design of nature.
“Also, there’s a woman to see you.” She sounded curious, nosy almost.
Sherlock returns his attention to the laptop screen, watching the slow rise and fall of John’s back. Even breathing. He’s asleep. With a few clicks, he speeds up the recording, watching through hours of footage of John’s, drinking in the sight of him.
The Prime Minister tries to lift the mood with a rousing speech about a brighter future and how the British people always persevere and endure. He elegantly skirts around the Alpha/Omega debate, though several newspapers are quick to point out how he failed to address the major issue in his country.
“It has to be done like this.”
http://www.whattoexpect.com/grooming/toddler-ear-info/hearing-loss-in-toddlers.aspx
“The man you met in the corridor after our session, you remember him?.”
Sam is a warm and heavy weight against his chest as John walks the seventeen steps up to their flat. Though, when he enters the living room he’s suddenly not sure if it is their flat after all. The place is immaculate. The overflowing bookshelf has its books neatly in place, the stacks of newspapers have been sorted into neat piles in the glass cabinet by the sofa, and the tables are cleared of clutter. The timeline posts on the wall are still there, but the bullet holes have been covered and the wallpaper restored, and John feels oddly like there’s a familiar picture no longer on his walls. The kitchen too is spotless: beakers, vials, Sherlock’s microscope and chemistry set are all locked in a teak cabinet behind clear glass doors. The counter is free of any dangerous object that curious fingers might reach. The apartment smells fresh and clean in a way it probably hasn’t since it was brand new.
Sherlock is still staring at Sam and John as he fishes it out of his pocket and it takes him two attempts (clearly he’s been rendered a moron) to unlock his phone and find Lestrade’s message.
“I’m certain I put the phone back in his pocket,” John mutters. How could the phone have vanished?
These days, Finkle is known for her involvement in a movement called True Britain, founded in the wake of the corruption and banking scandal. It had always been a mediocre organization that thrived on the Internet, but which was often ridiculed in academic circles. John cannot help but think that they might be seeing a steep increase in popularity these days. John clenches his hands.
He has moments of awareness, only a few, but each of them cut like a knife.
The paper falls aside neatly.
"Do-Doctor Fenway?"
“He’s not keen on green vegetables,” Sherlock adds, cutting into his pie as if what he had said is the most normal thing in the world.
“Well, yes. I sent you a text and all - “
"Life is going to be different for you, Mister Watson." Doctor Fenway continues unabashedly.
Sherlock hesitates before he bends down to pick up Sam’s toy, offering it to him. Sam’s face is red and his eyes are blotchy and he regards the toy with suspicion before he gathers it into his arms, holding it as if it’s a long lost friend.
“It’s not exactly a Christmas present,” John says, “but I know that you've been wanting this information and that I’ve not been very forthcoming with answers. Read this, and then I’ll answer any question you might have.”
Lance Corporal Burrell is a short, stocky fellow, with limbs the size of tree trunks and hair so blonde it looks white. He’s in his mid-twenties and looks like he’s not had a decent night’s rest in weeks.
“Even if things are developing along a different path,” Mycroft says in an odd voice that’s barely above a whisper, “it is textbook. Give him a puzzle and watch him dance.”
The silence makes it self at home, heavy and uncomfortable in the apartment. Crawford keeps casting furtive glances on his phone, but the screen remains dark. Outside the noise rises and falls, sirens cuts through London. The long wails of fire engines, building from a lower tone and rising. The burst of an ambulance sirens, the steady stream of police cars hurrying down the roads. They aren’t coming towards Paradise Gardens, they aren’t even heading in the same directions.
Crawford balls his hands into fists and John can tell he’s preparing another tirade against Lestrade when he catches sight of John and hones in on him instead.
Hardly a coincidence.
“We should check the prison records for anybody who visited Simon Whitewell.”
Lestrade looks, if possible, even grimmer.
His throat feels like it’s filling with cotton.
“I’m a scientist, John,” Sherlock says with the dignity of somebody who doesn’t have a dollop of red sauce on his chin, “cooking is the simplest form of science.”
“Thanks for watching him,” John says to Mrs Hudson.
Some minute changes have been made to chapter 13 for consistency, but it doesn´t require a reread. Let me know if you find any other consitency errors.
I wish to thank you all for your enormous support, this story would not be here without you. <3
London´s pulse is out of synch with his, her streets and her people are unfamiliar. The playing field has changed and for the first time, he doesn't quite know where he fits.
“Physicians often draw parallels between the Omega heat and hot flashes. While a hot flash may last for as little as two minutes to thirty minutes, an Omega will typically suffer for four to five days. In addition to being an internal sensation, the Omega will appear flushed and the skin will be warm to the touch. At the peak of its Heat, the Omega will experience intense and painful arousal that lasts through the Heat. It is during this stage that unmated Alphas will find the Omega intensely attractive. There have been several documented cases of Alphas attacking Omegas, because they are unable to resist the Omega, and the Omega is helpless to refuse the Alpha’s advances, no matter how unwelcome or brutal the attack is.
“No” Sherlock says, rising so abruptly he almost knocks John over.  “Definitely not suicide,” he calls over his shoulder as he disappears out of the bathroom. John pulls off his gloves with a small shrug at DI Lestrade and follows after Sherlock.
John abandons Sherlock’s elbows, firm fingers dragging against the fine fabric under his hands, and John moves his lips away from Sherlock’s mouth to seek the hot pulse at the base of his throat. Sherlock groans, low in his throat, and uses his leverage to push them away from the kitchen counter, his hand cradling John’s chin and guiding his mouth back to his. Sherlock pulls him and John goes easily, their legs meshing and one hand finding its way to the edge of Sherlock’s shirt, dips low, drags the edge of his shirt up, the tips of his finger teasing every inch of skin uncovered. He feels Sherlock’s stomach muscles jump under his hand, his moan loud this time as he sucks at John’s tongue. John’s heart is beating wildly in his chest, and desperately he presses his pelvis against Sherlock’s hips, against his thigh, desperate for friction.  Sherlock twists them around again, chasing John’s lips, his hand splayed against his back, dipping lower and lower, towards the swell of John’s bum.
“Talk,” John wets his lips. A few days ago he wanted to talk to Glen Reese himself, but now that the Omega is in his office he’s suddenly lost all the desire to. He dislikes how stereotypically Omega Glen Reese is, as if he’s eager to conform to society’s opinion about their gender. He’s everything John hates about being an Omega.
“We’re going to stay. We just want to talk to you.” Her voice is smooth and calm and her partner tries to hide his surprise at this unknown side of his partner. Usually, he’s the good cop.
"I need to see what it was all about."
! The feeling is hot and possessive, boiling under the surface of his skin. It only fades with the sound of the door slamming shut.
“All of her family members have solid alibis for the execution,” John says. He lets a woman struggling with a stroller pass by first before he presses his card against the yellow pad and enters the subway station.
“David is one of the many Omegas who have chosen to live their  lives in secret. Sometimes I think David is continuously testing the odds, testing how well he can blend in with other people, with Alphas. He has chosen an Alpha dominated career and profession. He later chose an Alpha flatmate.”
Later, they lie coiled together under the covers. Sherlock’s fingers are tracing odd patterns along his arm before he curls around John, wrapping him into a hug. John turns in the embrace to press his face against Sherlock’s chest. He breathes in his scent in great lungsful, the air tangy and sweaty and spiced with sex.
"Let´s order Chinese."
There’s a murmur of consent amongst the crowd. Sherlock’s lips tighten to a thin, white line, but there’s a smile, hidden in the corners of his eyes, a smile that only John knows how to see.
“The same drug used to incapacitate Nash, Blithely, and Whitewell,” John murmurs.
Despite his best efforts to keep his eyes open, Sam falls asleep as soon as John’s managed to coax him back into the stroller. His plushie is tucked under his chin in Sam’s death grip and John adjusts the stroller’s back to allow his son a more comfortable nap. They walk towards the exit in silence. It’s a thirty-minute stroll through Regent’s Park to Baker Street and the sun is sharp enough that John’s squinting against its glare. Sherlock’s silently lost in some thoughts as he slows his long stride to match John’s, their arms occasionally brushing, their hands never far apart.
“Chinese?” Sherlock suggests.
He trots off, ball in his hands and a look of sheer determination on his face.
He says all this in one breath while he moves about the flat, unaware that John feels every word like a stab of pain. Sherlock gathers up pieces of papers and pins them to his crime scene wall. Then he pauses by the window, hands clasped at the small of his back.
"Yeah, yeah, sure."
“When I heard the address, I said I- well, Mrs. Hudson’s visiting an old friend, I promised I’d keep an eye on the place” Lestrade lies.
John curls his hands into fists. He fights the urge to respond that, of course, things would have been better if Sherlock hadn’t decided to fake his suicide with John as his primary witness. Of course, things would have been better if John hadn’t had to spend three years believing he was dead, while living under pseudonyms just in case in Moriarty didn’t believe John’s earnest display of grief.
John acknowledges, placing a hand carefully on his son’s head, feeling the child vibrating with excitement.
And then, several things fall into place at once.
“How did you end up here?”
“You keep it, dearie,” Mrs. Gillespie says with a smile, and then trots out of the office.
One of the corners is completely soaked through with blood, leaving a red smear when the package is placed on a metal trolley and wheeled down the corridor.
For once, he hopes it was Donovan, or even Anderson, and not Sherlock.
“I don’t know,” John hedges, “a scarf?”
I suppose I must warn that the UST gets resolved.
DI Lestrade mutters a curse under his breath and then turns to John again.
“Right.”
“How did Mr. Reese come to be in possession of this book?” DI Dregs asks, completely ignoring Anderson’s outburst.
"Mister Haversaw." Doctor Fenway moves again, putting himself between John and the Alpha.
"Get out of my way.” Burrell grabs hold of the collar of his white coat and for a moment he’s certain Burrell is going to toss him aside and he braces himself for the impact. But instead, his eyes grow small and calculating.
“Just like-”
“They are in a bottle marked vitamin B in the second shelf from the left in our bathroom,” John explains.
John shakes himself free of his memories and stuffs his hands in the pocket of his coat.
Anderson puts on the mother of all smug grins, “That only proves how distraught she was.”
“Yes, he’s just tired, it’s been a long day. I think we’d best be off.”
It was not, John later concludes, a very fortunate mixture. Still, it has made him pleasantly buzzed and the encounter with the broad-shouldered guy from earlier has already been suppressed.
Sally’s eyes darken, her fingers white around the umbrella. “This is bad, sir. I don’t think- it’s probably the worst thing I’ve seen.”
Too slowly by Sherlock’s standards, who has his hands balled into fists to keep himself from interfering.
DI Lestrade visibly cringes while John does his best to hide his blush in the collar of his shirt.
“You saw how they closed ranks around Crawford,” he whispers, “if we try to apprehend him now, in front of this crowd, all hell will break loose.”
“It’s all a bit sad,” John says in a quiet voice from behind his newspaper.  “She planned to stage her own sister’s suicide in jealousy over a belief that her sister stole her former lover.  I think the sister bought the incorrect cleaning solutions to keep Annabell Lewis from accidentally harming herself.  Despite their disagreement, she still loved her sister.”
The smell of burnt skin and clothes.
“I think John’s still in London somewhere,” Mrs. Hudson muses. “I went to put flowers on Sherlock’s grave yesterday. There was a large bouquet of flowers there already. All of them poisonous, of course, which I think Sherlock would have appreciated- if he ever could appreciate such sentiments as flowers.”
“…That still leaves the lawyer and the marine,” Sherlock finishes, “even so, Edward can hardly claim ignorance. Glen Reese told Finkle that the group was planning something big, which would indicate that they were all in on it.”
He lets the old John-shape fade into the background, remembers the John who stood in front of him, in their… well, John’s apartment now, really, even if didn´t live here after Sherlock left (and why wouldn't he, Sherlock bought it for him so he’d stay, so Sherlock could come back to him.)
He stands in the dark room for a moment, half-heartedly trying to ignore the warm feeling blooming in his sternum. John is intimately familiar with this sensation because he spent over a year trying to suppress it, trying not to think of it as a biological imbalance. They aren’t Bonded, but there is an emotional attachment and unconditional acceptance between them.
He wonders what he’ll see in the small, dingy flat where the shipwreck of John’s old life washed up, where he thought all of doctor Fenway’s words were gospel. That he had to hide and be ashamed and try to be ordinary and not draw any attention to himself. If not for Mike Stamford, he might still be there. It’s such a bleak chapter of John’s past that he’s buried it far, far down, somewhere next to the memory of Sherlock’s funeral.
Later, Doctor Fenway had explained that some people might consider him charismatic and charming, he might have slightly elevated reflexes and constitution, but beyond that, being an Alpha offered nothing except for the potential of occasional, aggressive, outbursts.
Play, Sam signs excitedly, dropping the stick and rushing over to John. John looks around the barren courtyard for anything that might resemble a toy, wrecking his brain for improvisations.
John has learned that the police doesn’t ask questions they don’t already suspect they have the answer to. What they try to do, is trying to catch people lying. He supposes the best thing is to stick to short and simple answers to make things as uncomplicated as possible.
Sally studies her notes, “where was I…ah, yes. So the girl is told to wait, and dispatch sends a uniformed constable to the scene. He arrives on scene at 07:26  and has to remove an additional eight children from the gym.”
“Should we pick up some dinner on the way back?” John asks once they are outside and the cold air has pulled him from his sleepy stupor. He huddles in his coat, his scarf wrapped tightly around his neck to keep out the cold.
But this John is different.
“Well, the other victims could have been witnessing what was going to happen to them, the perpetrator could have been wanting to leave his own…calling card. If we’re thinking that there’s two of them, working together, which seems likely because even if they were drugged we are talking about three full-grown men in their prime, of which two Alphas… They could have had a disagreement on what sort of message they were leaving.”
Somehow, Molly is better at it. She stops by Mrs. Hudson at least once a week. She’s been up at 221B too and she would have told him if the flat had been let. Lestrade wonders if it’s a way to keep everything ready for Sherlock’s return. As if Sherlock is going to have his great dramatic return and then it will just be business as usual. Crime solving and tea at noon at 221 B.
"Your situation is not as an unusual as you may believe, Mister Watson. The majority of Omegas do not recognize their gender until an Alpha triggers their first Heat." Doctor Fenway folds his hands on the desk and regards John over the rim of his half-moon glasses.
Who knew?
It’s a practiced speech and Lestrade nods along to Edward’s words while Sally goes a step further and folds her face into a sympathetic frown.
“Bloody Christ,” Lestrade grumbles, “we’re conducting a serious-“
“It’s yours basic copy of Dizapemaum, primarily used to treat severe anxiety, epileptic, and febrile convulsion. It’s a sedative that controls muscle spasm and has also been used to manage alcohol withdrawal symptoms.»
“You know what, Doctor Watson,” Glen Reese says, pressing his lips into a white line, “you ruined my life, it's only fair I get to ruin yours.”
“One that’s far away from work, but not too far away from the apartment - you intended to walk home, but the rain - “
Has Sherlock fled to avoid the awkward morning after?
“There is two of everything in that flat.  Two of every poster, two of every book, two of every DVD, the cups are similar, the bedspreads are similar, even the clothes and shoes are similar.  These two twins grew up doing everything exactly the same, liking the same boy bands and movie stars, dressing the same, eating the same - and recently falling for the same guy.  The only thing that is unique in the flat is the tracksuit Annabell Lewis is wearing. That is new, probably even bought today. The pants, the t-shirt, the jacket, the shoes; they’re all the latest model, everything matching in colors and fashion, even the headband.  Annabell Lewis needed to make both her sister and Toby Henricks believe that she would not be at home that evening to create an alibi.”
He doesn’t add that he’d left Doctor Fenway alive at around midnight after their argument.
“Thank you,” he says.
"Nobody is likely to ask you," Doctor Fenway reasons. He opens a drawer and pulls out a prescription pad and quickly scrawls a signature on it before offering it to John. John accepts the note and stares at it "Don´t ask, don´t tell."
The kitchen has the sharp, clean smell that John recognizes from hospitals. It has the same green cabinets and counter tops as 221B, but where the living room had been sparsely decorated, the kitchen looks unused. No cups on the table or plates in the sinks, no tins of tea or bowl of fruits. A large fridge dominates the short end of the room, next to it is a second cabinet that John supposes is a freezer. There is not a single Christmas ornament anywhere in the flat, not as much as a commercial Christmas catalogue. The place feels barren, void of any personal touch. No magazines or newspapers, no posts or photos of family or friends. He doesn’t know why it unsettles him, but he misses the warmth from downstairs.
Sherlock POV
I know nothing about raising children, nor do I know anybody who is deaf. I do most of my research from various blogs and diaries, but if I am misrepresenting anything, please let me know. If you have thoughts and ideas you´d like to see/share, feel free to drop them in my comment felt or on tumblr (friolerofiction).
Sam’s tiny thumb clutches at his middle finger as he touches the front of his mouth.
“The game,” is Sherlock’s answer.
Molly nods.
“I’ve had the privilege of knowing many Alphas and Omegas, all of them unique individuals in their own way.” Doctor Fenway rises slowly and walks over to the row of filing cabinets. He lingers there, his hands clasped at the small of his back, balancing on the balls of his feet.
“I’m running further toxicology tests on the blood, but that’s going to be another couple of hours.”
John has had an uncomfortable night on a cold, metal bench, but there’s still something strange about his gait.  Sherlock leans in closer to the screen and is frown deepens. He pulls up his mobile and with only cursory glance he types out a short and urgent message.
Contains quotes from the SotF.
The sound of Sherlock’s heartbeat fluttering against his chest, fast and skittish, like Sherlock is anxious and-Sherlock’s skin, the faint stubbles along his cheek because he’s been too occupied to shave, the roughness brought on by the cold weather.
“The cards aren’t printed at the Yard, you need to go to the Thames House to pick them up. There's a printer registration number that is made by something they are call opacity mark printing. Not to mention the lamination, the micro text, and…. other technical shite. You can't just go down to Snappy Happy Photo and get one of these made. You can't even activate them without a superior officer following you to Thames House and confirming the identification with the logs.”
Lestrade and Molly
“Well, I went back to Doctor Fenway and returned his manuscript. And, oh, I know what you are going to ask next because they do so all the time on like, Midsomer Murders, you’re going to ask me what Doctor Fenway was like. If he was acting strange or anxious or anything. Well, I’tell you, he was like he always was, smiling, wanting to know how I was doing, my thoughts on the book. I said I’d write them up for him.”
, John adds, as if he can sweeten the deal,
The young man leans closer, pressing up against John, his eyes closed as he breathes in John’s scent, “I can smell you.”
“Hm,” Lestrade says in way of agreement and then strides over to the small, plastic sheet someone has erected in front of the victim.
John doesn’t respond, and he forces his eyes shut and wills himself to sleep. For a moment, the silence from the other end makes John think that guy in the other prison cell has abandoned the conversation.
Annabell Lewis looks up, startled, and blinks away a couple of tears.  She glances at her solicitor who gives an encouraging nod.
She looks good, John thinks, dressed in a deep blue coat that matches her eyes with a splash of burn orange around her neck. Her hair is cut short, just above her shoulder and it makes her seem more confident somehow, less like the dainty pathologist stumbling after Sherlock.
“People are entitled to their privacy, even John,” Lestrade says evenly.
“Oh, the police is woefully incompetent,” Sherlock says.
John slides out the file on the victim and stares at it.
John blinks away tears. His body is curling against Adam´s lean frame. And he wants, he wants- he was almost crawling out of his skin with a desperate need to let Adam fulfill all the promises glinting in his dark eyes. In the alleyway all he had felt was terrified and horrified, now was suspended between being aroused and awed.
"DI Dregs was the superior officer who signed for it."
“Here,” Mary calls, interrupting John’s observations. He hears the rattling of metal tools banging around in an old toolbox. “I hope you find the tools you need.”
“We’re going home,” Sherlock declares, “call me when the results are ready.”
The car ride continues in tensile silence, Mycroft doing something, probably essential to the stable continuation of the British Commonwealth, on his phone while Sherlock keeps staring out of the car window. (Two teenagers, males. Second-hand uniforms that are too long in the trousers, the jackets, are too short in the arms. Schoolbags are most likely from a thrift stores. They are skipping school to canvas they intend to shoplift. A commonplace occurrence in London, general shopping lifting is up by 1.9% this quarter.)
“Edward Blithely?” John frowns. “Well, Lestrade did say he had something to take care of at the Yard-”
"Until you are Bonded by an Alpha you are at risk of being sexually pursued, harassed and I won´t sugarcoat it, assaulted by Alphas. Bounded Omegas are quite safe from Alphas, which is why many Omega chose to almost as soon as they present."
“No more than a day, I bet,” DI Lestrade adds, trying to sound optimistic, but somehow failing miserably. John can only huff in annoyance.
"Really?" John asks stiffly.
Jane Hill gestures with her gun for John to take a seat in one of the chairs.
Amanda Carson smiles a horrid row of yellow, greenish, teeth.
The wonderous support you are giving me has spurred another early update. I fear, however, that there might be a bit of a wait until the next chapter as I am going on holiday next week. As always, I´d love to hear your thoughts and ideas.
This is the location of the first….he doesn’t want to call it safe house, even if that is probably the most appropriate name for it.
“Doctor Wilson.” She’s carrying a stack of folders and a frown that’s almost worried.
The trail was cold, even before they started.
John watches her hurry away, her back stiff and her heels a sharp staccato against the pavement. He unfolds the piece of paper.
“He said he wanted an Omegas’ perspective on his work, like David is so…unique. It’s unheard of you, know, an Omega going off to be a solider in a war. We just don’t do that sort of thing. Doctor Fenway wanted me to counteract some of the points ‘David’ argues.  He suggested that I could even write a little foreword. It’s quite an honor; he’s never asked me to help him with anything this important. Do you think they will still publish the book now that Doctor Fenway has been murdered?”
The blonde pulls back, her eyes almost comically large. “That’s a dreadful thing to say!”
“You’re….alive,” he manages. He’s not even able to feel like an idiot when Sherlock rolls his eyes and cants his head. “Obviously, John.”
And the coat…
“I thought we agreed that you’d contact me when you planned to return to London,”Lestrade says, “you know, to organize your….resurrection, so to speak.»
"Experts says he can´t help it, that it´s in his nature to protect his Mate," he quotes from the newspaper. " These Alpha and Omegas, if they cannot behave like normal people they should not be permitted to walk the streets."
He moves slowly upstairs, nudging open the door that leads to the pink bathroom. There's water in the bathtub and the towels on the floor are still damp. The sink carries the evidence of the pair living in the apartment, two toothbrushes, two razors. He opens the cabinet over the sinks and spots a myriad of over the counter medicines. Pain killers, bandaid. A bottle of vitamin B. The same type that he found in John's cabinet when he conducted his preliminary investigation of how far John had integrated himself into his flat (so much that his departure would leave large gaps.).
He feels crazy with daring. He invaded Afghanistan after all. He presses his mouth to Sherlock’s, licks into the seam of his lips and savors the taste of Sherlock’s palette. He feels the tension riding along Sherlock’s body and for a terrifying moment he worries that he will push him away. But the detective arches in to meet him, his mouth demanding against John’s and his fingertips trails insistently along John’s side to the hem of his trousers, dipping below the waistband.
John has been gone for 9.2 hrs and Simon Whitewell is drunk.
"No." Sherlock says firmly and John forces a smile. Glen Reese returns it and continues. "When I heard the gunshot, well, it was just so loud, you know. It was all very frightening, so I ran away."
“No!” She grits her teeth and squares her shoulders again, “I’m sorry Glen Reese is ill, I mean, he’s just a helpless Omega, but I won’t risk the-” she swallows, finding her words, “I won’t risk my end of the bargain.”
“If we assume that he got the data from Glen Reese,” Lestrade murmurs, “he’s had three years to work through this information.”
“Sir, sir!” The female constable grabs hold of Lestrade’s arm. John wonders when she got here, if he’s lost consciousness and if he needs to diagnose himself with a concussion.
John leaps forward, grabbing the gun as it skitters across the floor. He turns his momentum into a shoulder roll as he hits the ground, coming up with Jane Hill’s gun cocked and ready. Sweat trickles down into his eyes and he blinks it away to clear his vision.
“I was wondering if you could come down to the Yard and collect - “
“Both keys?” John asks, “why did Mr. Nash leave for work without his house key?”
Lestrade clears his throat, not really ready to voice his theory, not for the for the first time hoping for Sherlock to fill in the blanks. That Lestrade’s theory is not only wrong, but also stupid.
Sherlock is already across the room now to John’s laptop, clicking away at the keyboard.
Mycroft folds one leg over the other and clasps his hands at his knees and watches him. “You’ve been unconscious for several hours. You’ve suffered a concussion, a rather simple fracture in your right arm and cardiac arrest.”
“Internal reorganization, busted pipe in the archives,” she says in a tone of voice that tells John she’ll not answer any follow up questions.
“Molly said you might have some clues as to the identity of the marine?” Lestrade says, skipping right over the pleasantries.
John runs a hand over his face.
He turns back to Susan Clearwell and she nods. "That´s it. It was over in seconds. I couldn’t even tell if it was a man or a woman, if he or she was young or old. Sorry, but I can´t help you."
John walks idly over to the door leading to the washroom, remembering that he thought he saw movement there yesterday. The door is half open and he glances inside. The room is small and the floor and walls are covered in small, square white tiles with a naked light bulb in the ceiling. There’s a sink and a toilet and nothing else. Could it have been the killer, waiting for John to leave?  Why hadn’t Doctor Fenway said anything or given John some sign of distress? Maybe Doctor Fenway hadn’t realized there was somebody hiding in his washroom.  Maybe it had been John’s imagination.
"What are you doing-"
“Well, we got here in a car…wherever here is,” John mutters. He moves to the desk and grabs the nearest carton of Chinese.
“-Well, what if he’s just a distraction? Could he not have been placed there to-”
Sherlock had insisted that under no circumstance must ever John know the truth. John had to play the part of the grieving and the mourning lover. People would be watching John, judging him, and if John could not play the role to perfection, the plan would not work.
John doesn’t find any barbs in Sally’s words and the careful smile she offers him is genuine. He leans back on his heels, his gaze landing on the strange ornamental cat decidedly out of place among the flower pots.
“If not, it’s one hell of a coincidence,” Lestrade mutters and drops the file on the empty seat next to him.
“How do you fare, Doctor Watson?” Doctor Fenway asks.
Sherlock closes his eyes and skims through his knowledge on the topic. He walks through rooms and corridors until he finds himself at the library of Oxford University where he had taken a summer course in chemistry. He had been fourteen and fascinated with the study of psychology and psychodynamics- the study of the underlying forces that governed human behavior, emotions and reactions and how it relates to sub-conscious decisions. He had wanted to understand why people did such illogical things, like when Laura Fairfield cried because Sherlock told her she was too stupid and unattractive to warrant his attention.  He discovered that  it was a useful tool in anticipating conscious and unconscious responses to sounds, images and even colors.
“Have you experienced seizures before or do you have any medical conditions, epilepsy, diabetes?”
Albert Thompson raises a bushy eyebrow at her.
. He thinks about the summer residential program he’d thought looked rather promising.
“You are well aware of what a brilliant mind like Sherlock’s might accomplish if given the wrong…or perhaps rather
“I don’t understand…” John tries. “I really only want to talk to you about your book.”
Sherlock seems to hesitate, taking in the tableau and calculating how he’d fit around the table. John hates that Sherlock can still have these moments of hesitation and uncertainty, that he can look at John and Sam like they might suddenly disappear. Like John might do something insane, like leave. They live together, they share a bed together. John had put it on the record, hadn’t he?
The first weeks and month of the investigation had been an endless parade of bad food, bad coffee, and dead end, after dead end. There had been days when Lestrade couldn’t drink a cup of coffee without it sloshing over the sides, They’d gone over every inch of every report and analysis. They’d combed over every morsel of evidence to such an extent that there were times when Sally  couldn't sleep without seeing crime scene pictures in her dreams. Sherlock Holmes would probably have seen what they had missed.
“Bloody hell,” John grumbles and pulls back.
-No breath.
“Mr. Reese?” John asks, a cautious lilt in his voice. He’s not sure how he’ll explain his presence to Sherlock should he suddenly decide to return.
John reaches down and carefully picks up  the bottle, when suddenly the door bursts open and somebody is pushed into the room. He drops the bottle and springs to catch Glen Reese before he cracks his head on the concrete. He eases him to the floor and looks up just as  the door is slamming shut.
"You are going to walk away from here and keep on walking until you´re back home. You are never going to lay a hand on him again. Do I make myself clear?" The American bares his teeth. He digs his elbow into the man´s windpipe. "Do I?"
“Right, well, I’m John, John Watson. I…I used to live here, 221 B.”
“I have always been able to trust my senses,” he hears himself tell John, “to believe the evidence of my own eyes.”
“You are not accused of anything,” comes the dry reply from DI Dregs, the unspoken “yet” lingering behind.
“With all the fuel he’s throwing on the proverbial fire, he can’t claim to have peaceful intentions, can he?” The redhead responds, “he has to say he’s not happy with the way people are attacking and killing Alphas. Personally, I’d thank whoever strung up those three bastards in the primary school. It's far less than what they truly deserved.”
John keeps his gaze on Jane Hill.
Lestrade shakes his head and runs his fingers through his hair. “A suicide though some might call it murder. The jurisdiction is still a bit unclear. Can you can hold a mob chanting for a man to jump out of his window liable when he does just that?”
Sam looks up at John, moving his hands quickly up and down, thumb and pinky extended.
In the end though, there is something much, much worse waiting for them outside.
“Just get it over with, you filthy coward!”
The seconds that follows lasts forever.
John dares a look at Sherlock. He has closed his eyes now and is resting his steepled fingertips just under his chin. He looks relaxed, but John knows his mind is running a million miles a minute while his feels like it´s slugging through syrup. Christ. Sherlock had solved it just by reading the police statements; he had not even needed to talk to the witnesses again. He had not observed the witnesses, so it was all about what they had said.
John´s knuckles turn white.
The following days had been an utter and complete nightmare.
Sherlock stalks out of the office and John offers a grin to DI Dregs, clasping his hands at the small of his back, and follows the Alpha. He pauses at the doorway, studying the office one final time, knowing he is never going to return here. As he trails his eyes over the bullet holes along the wall behind Doctor Fenway’s desk, his gaze suddenly snaps to DI Dregs.  The detective inspector runs a finger across his mustache and then he smiles, deliberate and slow.
"It´s all hormones and basic instinct, if they find their Mate- that´s it for them, there´s nobody else, no other "fish in the sea." That´s why they are so….possessive. At least that´s how Ms. Turner explained it in Social Science,     were´t you paying attention?"
“I’ll have that one,” Joseph murmurs, “bitch number four. You can arrange it?”
"I…." John tries, wondering how he can explain to Lydia that he´s worried about being too meek, that he´ll end up going to medical school, finding a job as a GP in London and wiping up vomit and snot and that he´ll be incredibly boring.
Sherlock pulls the curtain aside, and stares into the pudgy face of Glen Reese occupied with trying to vacuum the content out of a pudding cup. Three full cups sits on a tray in front of him. He looks up, startled at first, but then recognition slowly dawns, and the next spoon of pudding is slow and deliberate as if he’s daring Sherlock to take it away from him.
“Go,” John says quietly, “it’s alright, it’s important.” He gestures to the file in Sherlock’s hands.
This desire for physical intimacy is illogical.
Or even worse.
“The door is new,” John blurts, “ten years ago, there’d be a gap of a few inches between the frame and the door.”
“I wonder if I might have a moment of your time,” she says, the corners of her mouth curling into a smile. It’s an awful, stilted attempt at nonchalance and it makes John hesitate. There are plenty of people on the street, people commuting to and from their jobs, couples holding hands, kids returning home from school, and Hermes’ fingers are seconds away from his gun. There’s really no reason for him to worry about this woman.
“We’ve got an estimated time of death, three or four hours or so ago.”
“Bloody hell, it’s far too early for this-”
Lestrade leads them up a set of stairs and down a bright, cream-colored corridor and into a large conference room that’s been turned into a temporary office. One wall is completely covered in windows that admit pale, bright light. Along the other wall is a row of whiteboards, divided into parallel sections. They are covered in names, some crossed out, others connected by a complicated color code that John cannot decipher.
“You want me to tell you what you already know.”
“So, somewhere in those two hundred and five files, we might be able to identify Nash and Braitshworth, and then we’re hoping to find a way to tie either of them to Edward Blithely.”
John feels his defiance rising. What is Moriarty playing at, is he sending John away so that he can make Sherlock agree to some ridiculous game?
The guy in the first-floor window gives the woman his middle finger and slams the window shut. It does nothing to deter the crowd who continue their name-calling and urgent calls to the man to get it over with so that they can all be home in time for tea.
Sherlock looked like he was surprised when John showed up at the crime scene but treated him as he normally would at one.  They fell into exactly what they always had been and John didn’t address their personal issues.  It was too much for Sherlock to deal with when he also had to catch a psychopath rapist and murderer.  He didn’t want a moment of distraction.  John would be Sherlock’s partner/assistant and ‘conductor of light’ or whatever Sherlock needed until the case was complete.
A few minutes passed in silence before Sherlock interrupted it.  “Won’t you need another sample to send to the lab?”  he asked while he stared out the window, purposely not making eye contact.
“Hmm…”  John made a satisfied, noncommittal noise.
“You’ve never had cock?”  I heard myself ask.  His body quickly stiffened a bit at the question.  I thought I had blown my cover.  Finally, he must have chalked the question up to how nervous he must have seemed to a frequenter of this establishment.  I had to ask.  I’m pretty certain that I know, but to be 100% sure would be good too.  I asked because I know he won’t divulge that information to me, Sherlock, but he might confirm this information to a stranger who might fuck him and let him out of his sodding, virginal misery.
“What?  No, why would you think that?”
“I don’t give a damn, Sherlock.  When you say stop, things should stop, right then, right there, without question.  Period.”
“You sure?”  Sherlock nodded and John slipped efficiently in between the covers.
“Of course, a rat,” Sherlock continued.  “The rat climbed into the wound, dilating the wound more as it entered.  It ate the bullet and then climbed back out, dilating the wound a bit more and also turning the victims clothing fibers at the entry point, outward leading you to assume erroneously that it was an exit wound.  It stumbled a meter away where it died of asphyxiation.  A 9mm bullet is not very palatable for a rodent’s diet I’m afraid.  Didn’t do much for his breathing either,” he said nodding toward the deceased.
John had just buzzed the intercom to signal for the next patient when the exam room door burst open behind him.  He didn’t have time to think about how quick of a response that had been from the receptionist before he heard her shouting “You can’t go in there!  It’s not your turn!!”
“John?”  He sounds like he suddenly got nervous.  “I know you don’t want to do doggie-style but I’m trying to get the right angle to hit your prostate while I stroke you and it’s difficult where we’re at right now.”
“Sherlock?”  John  hustled over to tell Lestrade he and Sherlock would meet him at NSY in a couple of hours as he watched Sherlock  walk toward the gathered crowd.  He heard Lestrade ordering someone to “bag the rat!” as he jogged to get to his friend.
“About an hour,” Sherlock mumbled.
John noticed the tube of lube lying next to his knee and grabbed it.  He tipped the top and squeezed until Sherlock’s hand that was gripping his cock was doused in the stuff.  He also reached back and glopped some more around his own entrance and stroked Sherlock’s cock stroking languidly in and out of him.  The friction hadn’t been a problem so far, but he had a feeling it would soon become an issue.
“Sherlock, are you telling me you haven’t … you haven’t even wanked in ten years?”
“Okay, calm down.  Take some deep breaths for me, you’ve got yourself all worked up.”
“Mumford is a wanker.  I hadn’t realized I was not the only one who knew that until there at the end and by then ..eh …”
Soon Sherlock guided them back and positioned John hunched on his knees facing the headboard, Sherlock’s cock still inside him.  He kissed John’s neck and placed his arms in front of him.  “Hold on to the headboard.  Don’t let go.”
“No, I don’t know.”  Sherlock suddenly stood surreptitiously pushing his palm into his groin as he turned away.  “Not my area.”
Sherlock rose to his feet.  Kissed John on his lips and pulled back.  “Trust me, John.  It’s going to last.”
John gave a small smile.  “Well then, let me show you the difference,” his smile turning from curious lust to predatory lasciviousness instantly.  The change made Sherlock shiver in anticipation letting out a small  gasp as John traveled south.
No he wasn’t.
“Okay, just relax.  It is very important that you do not clench up.  Deep breaths and relax.”
“What?” John demanded.
Now that I didn’t have his mouth to concentrate on, I took in the fingers deep inside me and ground down a bit.  “G…good.”
"What do you mean it wasn't an issue? Do you think I have a medical kink or not? Was that not proof that I don't?"
“Relax, she doesn’t even know we’re together, really.  She doesn’t know what she’s interrupting.”
John pushed at Sherlock’s arm and disentangled himself from the contact spluttering and spitting.  “What the hell?”
“Okay.  That explains why you didn’t let on that your feeling had changed especially after I had protested so much about not being gay.”
Sherlock finally looked up.
“You were saying how Molly attacked you,” John said as he opened cabinets and found what he needed.
John kneeled next to Sherlock’s head and bent down to kiss him.  He licked the roof of his mouth slowly, then nipped at Sherlock’s lip.  Sherlock was kissing him back albeit lazily and slowly.  John kissed his lover until he was satisfied then kissed his jaw and his collar bone.  Finally he sat up, still knelt next to Sherlock’s head.  He placed his thumb on Sherlock’s chin and pushed down gently, opening his lover’s mouth.  “Can I put my cock in your mouth, Sherlock?  I’m so close.  Can you suck me off?”
Sherlock knew there had not been a Gala at the Art museum in 3 years. Fundraisers of other sorts, sure, but a “Gala”, no.  Also, Mrs. Slitheen keeps her jewelry box on her dresser, not her nightstand.  Bless John and his distraction efforts.  “A locked room robbery?!  Is it my birthday?”
“Well, today is Friday.  Stanley is the only security guard working on Fridays.  Nice man, but lazy, I’m afraid and he suffers intermittently from gout symptoms when he cheats on his diet, which is way too often.  Makes rounds maybe twice during the night shift probably.  I’m certain he’s already finished with it at this point.  I have the keys to the back door.  We can slip in easily, I should think.”
“It was my fault.  I was a bit overwhelmed with this realization.  I’m afraid I came on rather strong.”  Sherlock shrugged.  “Lesson learned and all that nonsense.”
“No point in dawdling.”
“I was intolerant of it,” Sherlock corrected dropping his gaze to John’s knee as he placed a hand there.
Sherlock closed his mouth tightly, he looked down and then back up at John.  “I thought you would move out.”
“Every other orgasm you’ve ever had are going to be jealous of the one coming up next.  I promise.”
“You don’t expect to be cared for at all, do you?”
“Or Karma literally bit you right on the arse.”
At John’s glare toward Lestrade, the man started to explain, “It went off like a charm, John.  Textbook.  We apprehended the criminal at his home, had him in cuffs.  His woman was sitting there, stoic, not moving a muscle, quiet the whole time.  We went to leave and she jumped from the chair and plunged a knife into Sherlock before anyone could say ‘what the hell?’” Lestrade glanced back toward Sherlock.  “He insisted on coming back here instead of the ambulance and to A&E like I said and here we are,” Lestrade finished with an apologetic smile.
John raised an eyebrow, folded his newspaper calmly and laid it on his lap.  He put one raised finger to the side of his cheek, his other fingers brushing across his bottom lip.  Finally, he stared at Sherlock.  “What the hell are you talking about now?”
“Yes, but that was well into the … proceedings.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock handed the cup back to John and grabbed the garments he would be going home in.  When he attempted to bend to put the trousers on, he hissed scratched his backside once more.
Sherlock sighed.  “Would it help if I said my prostate hurts?”
Sherlock let out a sigh of relief.  The friendship should still be intact then.  He straightened his posture, pulled on his dressing gown and tied it up more tightly.  “Good.  I want to thank you for allowing me your company last night.  It was helpful and I’m very appreciative of your efforts.  I hope this doesn’t cause any awkwardness or stress to our friendship and I hope we can continue as though it never happened.  I think we’re both adult enough to acknowledge it as what it was and move on.”  He nodded stiffly and moved down the hall to his bedroom and then to the shower, leaving a slack-jawed John in his wake.
“It would seem I am your captive audience.”  Sherlock motioned toward his leg being worked on by John.
He found Sherlock on the floor, still in his pyjamas, squished in the space between the toilet and the tub. He was leaning toward the commode, his face hovering over the bowl.  Sherlock barely acknowledged John’s presence before his body seized and he lurched forward, bringing up more bile that spilled into the water.
John smiled knowingly.  “Oh, you are a bad man.  You want to see the damage you’ve done to my arse.”
“How did that turn out?”
“Oh yes, keep making that noise.  Yes!”  Sherlock continued his thrusts and stroking John’s cock.  He was right there.  Just one more … and when he heard that lovely whimper again he could not hold himself back any longer.  “Oh, god John!  Oh you’re so fucking beautiful … God!”
“I’m sorry?  What was that?”
“Thank you, John.  You really are my best friend.”  And with that he felt the sharp poke and watched as his blood filled the vials quickly.  “How many tests are you doing?”
John assessed the area, noted the stitches were still well placed, the skin knitting back together nicely, no increased bruising to the area and then he noticed Sherlock's penis becoming thicker and thicker by the second. It was hard to miss. It had been laying there lazily on Sherlock's thigh just a couple inches away from the wound. John looked up toward Sherlock's face, surprise evident.
“John I’m not naïve …”
“I’m right here, babe.”  John put the packet of surgi-lube and the medicine in his robe pocket and met up with Sherlock in the hallway.  Instinctively, John put the back of his hand on Sherlock’s forehead.  Sherlock pulled away and dragged his blanket and a pillow with him into the lounge.
John nodded.  “Right then.”  John started to go back to his tea but stopped.  “How’s your hand?”
“No, I mean, when did your symptoms start?”
John smiled then had a look of concern when he took in Sherlock’s appearance. “What’s wrong?”  John asked worriedly.
When he met the man six months ago, he’d thought Sherlock was beautiful.  Those cheekbones, jeezus H, who in the hell had cheekbones like that?  The luscious, unruly hair, the pale skin all wrapped up in designer clothing that just highlighted all of that beauty.  Now that he’d seen most of him naked, so lithe, so utterly gorgeous … well, enough thinking on that.
No matter.  They’d put it all behind them once Sherlock was right again.  Sherlock knew this was going to be what he needed.  He would be able to reprogram his brain like he said.  This would work.  He knew it would.  Then he could take cases again, have the work unsullied and have John by his side.  Life at 221B would be so much better again.  Normal.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "John, I'm so hot, can you please remove the blanket from my legs."
John gave a tight-lipped smile knowing he had never told Sherlock how old he was when he lost his virginity, but he wasn’t wrong either.  “What’s fine?”
“Right you are, but how did you take my temperature?”
“Well, it’s obviously not nothing.  Tell me where you hurt, Sherlock.”
Sherlock held up the bandaged hand in front of him as though just now noticing it.  “This is going to make certain activities bothersome,” he announced.
“Did what exam?”
“I just thought …”
Sherlock smiled a tolerant smile seemingly knowing that was not going to be the case.
John nodded.  “You’re going to become very frustrated,” John emphasized wanting to be sure this was what Sherlock wanted.
John grabbed the thermometer from Sherlock’s hand, “you’re not sticking that in my bum,” he explained in no uncertain terms and then placed it correctly into his own mouth closing his lips around it and glaring at Sherlock.
John shook his head, “none.”
“I don’t want to be on all fours.”
“Yes.”
“Oh, that is very nice.  Well done.  Very well done.”
He looked so torn, so desperate.  It was as though I was the only key to solving the riddle inside his head.  I don’t know why I did it, but I leaned in quickly, took his face between my palms and kissed him.  It was electric.  I was imploding with want for him.  Maybe it was partly the intensity with which he wanted me, but I simply could not sit still any longer.
“Right here?”  Sherlock’s voice sounded strained.
“No!  Sherlock, stop.  Just stop right there.  I’m not … I’m not gay.  Let’s get that straight once and for all.  I’m a doctor and you have an obvious injury.  That’s all, but thanks for insinuating I would use my profession to have an excuse to grope at you.  A fine opinion you must have of me so far.”  John looked abashed and went toward the kitchen.
“Maybe he went to the loo.  Who cares, let’s keep moving.  There are no cameras to worry about.”
Sherlock sat up in the bed a bit further.
Sherlock smiled.  “I love you too.”
Sherlock nodded his approval but had to ask.  “Tests.  Plural.  What other tests, John?”
Despite the motive for asking, John answered the question, “yes, definitely.  Mostly little old ladies with bowel issues and snot-nosed children.”
“When you do, I’m going to push forward.  Are you ready for that?”
John taped down the gauze and then handed Sherlock his pile of clothing.
“It’s fine, if it isn’t …”
“Cleaning solution.  Water soluble.”
John nodded.  “I don’t mind at all. I just didn’t want to push you. We should be able to find some exam space at St Bart’s.”  He checked his watch.  “The day shift should be coming on shortly.  I know a few A&E docs that won’t mind if I commandeer an exam area.” At the uncomfortable look on Sherlock’s face, he added, “or I can do it in our flat.”
“Sherlock, do you have another Lonely Hearts ad right now?”
He stoically sipped his tea then quirked an eyebrow.  “Like what?”
Sherlock laughed easily at John’s crudeness and then began pulling at his fly.  Sherlock turned around to get his balance with a hand on the counter while he pulled his trousers off of his feet.  He folded his garments neatly and placed them in a neat pile on top of the counter.
Sherlock nodded and looked down.  “Right.  Penetration.  I have lubricant and condoms in my top drawer.  Shall I get on my hands and knees?”
“For how long.  Just tell me.”
Sherlock mumbled unintelligibly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Yes, John.”
John giggled.  “You’re such a wanker,” he said as he put both arms behind his head and leaned back, relaxed.  Sherlock seemed to be getting the hang of touching an actual human and he seemed to be innocuously fascinated with simple reflexes so John felt more at ease as the time passed.
“Will you stand, please?”
John sighed and placed a hand on top of Sherlock’s hair, rubbing his thumb soothingly on his head.  The only reason John warred with himself about the damn suppository was because he knew how Sherlock felt about being penetrated.  He didn’t like the sensation at all.  Otherwise, medicine was medicine and he did whatever he could, however he had to do it in order to achieve the goal of making his patients better.  He didn’t care about being embarrassed or about vanity.  It was what it was.  That’s it.  He just didn’t want Sherlock to be upset with him when he went against what he knew Sherlock didn’t want.  He supposed this was one of the reasons that doctors should never treat their loved ones.  His personal thoughts were getting in the way of what he knew had to be done.  Well, that just would not do.
John tilted his head and crumpled his face as though it were obvious.  “Well, Dr Mumford doesn’t speak Istanbulean now does he?”
“No.”  Sherlock was still a bit taken aback from John’s diatribe toward his brother.  John never ceased to surprise Sherlock, but after feeling a bit rustled around by Mycroft, he thought John was bloody brilliant and felt himself feel more solidified in their friendship if that was even possible, and it was still a bit jostling.  “No.  As you know, I didn’t want you to know at all, but now that you do…” Sherlock, understanding how that sounded, looked regretful for blurting out that statement and tried to explain.  “Not that I don’t trust you, John, I … “
“Well I’m assuming you weren’t naked when you were poisoned so I’m going to guess that you washed the area and then put the same trousers back on, yeah?”
“Is this one of those ‘I don’t care what you do’ things where you say it but you really mean the exact opposite?”
He sucks in a breath.  His body shivers.  “Um…yea…no.   No, that’s okay.  I mean. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“Sherlock, it’s all fine …”  John abruptly halted his attempt to soothe his flatmate when said flatmate made a sudden turn and dashed out of the room, grabbing his coat as he went.
Several moments later, Sherlock cocked his head, “do you think your twin is still outside the door?”
Sherlock pouted.
Sherlock dropped to his knees in the shower.  The water suddenly so cold, people … men yelling at him in Serbian, hosing off his naked body.  The whip making painful cracks against his skin, the smell of damp concrete and blood.  Being pushed forward against a wet wall, face scrapping against the brick, being impaled.  Pain.
“No need for modesty, then, huh Sherlock?  I hope your ego survives the humiliation.”
Sherlock obeyed John’s “lift your arm, open your mouth” and other mundane instructions as John moved about the room with various instruments and examined Sherlock.
“Painful urination or ejaculation?”
“Greg!  Lestrade!  Oh, jeezus … nevermind.”  He picked up the syringe again and took in a deep breath to calm himself before wilding the sharp instrument.  “Let me just say this,” he pointed the capped syringe at Sherlock, “you do not own our friendship exclusively.  It is half mine and if you think I’m going to sit back and watch you take yourself away from that, you are crazy.  I partly own our times we have yet to come as well and I’m not going to let you deprive me of that so you damn well better buckle in because this ride is going to be bumpy enough without you trying to jump off.”
Experience, he decided.  He needed more experience.  He couldn’t just depend on the one image he had to erase months of what had happened.  If you added one drop of white paint to a bucket of black paint, it would still be black paint.  He needed more.
“All right,” John agreed.  “Have you ever done that?”
John sat on the edge of Sherlock’s bed and began taking his pulse at his wrist.  “Good.  D’ya remember what it was about?”
"I was a combat physician in Kandahaar before this job."
“Right, she had a …” Sherlock closed his eyes and felt the cold and then the pressure of the internal examination.  He took slow deep breaths.
Sherlock’s eyes met his.  They shared a connection.  More than flatmates, more than friendship, more than doctor/patient confidence.  It was a look of trust, one of handing himself over easily and one of accepting that trust.
“Good.  You need to get home and sleep for the rest of today.  There are two prescriptions here,” John held up the papers, “one is the ointment and the other is the pill.”
John knew the sensation of being too over sensitive and stopped quickly, moving up to Sherlock’s side.  He grabbed his discarded t-shirt and wiped his own mouth and face, then wiped up the worst of the mess on Sherlock’s face and belly, leaving his over sensitized cock for the moment.  He put an arm around Sherlock’s waist and gave him time to settle and catch his breath.
Sherlock huffed before he turned and flicked the light switch, surrounding them both in darkness.  John was just about to ask what the hell he was doing but then he heard a click and a small, bright torch was being shined into his face and Sherlock’s hand was on his head holding his eyelid open.
“Yes…yes…so good.”  He reached under me and put a firm grasp around my dick.  He was stroking with purpose.  He’s trying to angle behind me somehow and getting frustrated.  I don’t know what to tell him.
John put a finger to the side of his face and leaned back.  “Yes,” he paused briefly “you were tortured and raped in a Serbian prison?”
Sherlock huffed and turned his head away from John in an obvious sulk.
John returned with medication and a set of surgical scrubs that would be way too big on Sherlock, but it would have to suffice.
“Keep pushing against me.  I’m going to put my cock inside you now.”
Sherlock pushed his knees outward pulling John’s to spread wider as well.  He thrust inside John slowly again, kissed his neck, his back.  His hands trailed along John’s chest, his belly and found their way to the intended target, grasping John’s cock firmly, stroking it in long pulls.
John finished up with the documentation of Sherlock’s physical exam and finally turned around to face his flatmate, “Yes, I’m done.  Would you like to go over my findings then?”
“Oh, Sherlock.”  Man’s inhumanity to man always astounded John.  Why couldn’t the idiot simply say ‘no, thank you, but we can still be friends’?  This moment probably defined who Sherlock became and why he never let anyone else in afterwards.
Sherlock gave a huff.  “I was reading,”  he continued, “about … edging.”
Their routine fell back into place.  Sherlock was still an utter cock to everyone, destroyed the kitchen on a semi-regular basis and shouted “obvious!” at the tele a lot.  John still followed him on cases, picked up the shopping and announced how “absolutely remarkable” Sherlock’s deductions were.
Sherlock sounded short of breath.  “John.”  He gasped.  “Could you just … whatever you’re doing … it’s relieving the pressure.  I’m so close … at the risk of sounding completely unromantic myself, could you … just…”
“Excellent.  Majority rules.  Three out of four points are mine.”
“S’okay.  You’re a finicky sort of bloke aren’t you?”
“I have Marvin Gaye’s greatest hits.”  I announce helpfully.
“I can only become sexually aroused by someone I’m deeply emotionally involved with.”
“Diamonds?”
“Right to the point then, yeah?”
“Oh yes they have.”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively.
John turned Sherlock’s head to the side and pushed his chin down a bit more to open his mouth enough to accommodate John’s cock.  John groaned as his cock sank into Sherlock’s mouth.  After a few strokes, John looked down at the rest of Sherlock’s body.  His hips were gesticulating slowly, his back slightly arched, his knees bent, feet planted on the mattress.  His color from head to toe was a flushed pink with a very distinctive purple cock engorged with blood.  Sherlock was beautiful, wanton and writhing for John to finish him off.  It was a powerful, heady feeling knowing this wonderful, beautiful, mad, genius was his and only his.
“What does that mean?”
“Sherlock, I’m serious.”
“Oh yes.  That feels good, Sherlock.”  I pushed back against him.  “Keep doing that … please.”
I nodded my head.
“Oh yeah.  Comes in on Sunday afternoons as well.  He’s an odd one.”
“Yes.”  Sherlock suddenly found the floor very interesting to look at.  “I was held in a Serbian prison.”
“Of course not.  I’m going to do examine your … parts more closely.  Just stay where you are.”  John sat back down, bringing all the necessary “parts” into direct line of sight.   He felt the weight and girth of Sherlock’s penis more fully in his hand.
“What else happened?  What else did they do to you?”
“So, you did, in fact, tell him no?”
John felt the graze of Sherlock’s fingertips across his right upper, inner thigh.
“Sorry, Sherlock, but I need to have a look at you.”
“Spread your legs apart for me, babe.”
“Yes.  It won’t make you drowsy or anything.”
“They say the way to a man’s heart is through his cock,” Sherlock deadpanned.
“Right.  Okay then.  Putting aside the fact that I didn’t even think that was possible, you had an erection for the first time in ten years, six months ago.”  John repeated.  “Then what happened.”
Sherlock woke to an annoying yet familiar buzzing in his ear and the sight of way too much light streaming through an unfamiliar window.
This brought Sherlock’s thoughts back to John.
John sat in his chair.  “Try not to be a prick today, hmm?”
“Yes, John.”  He picked up the packaging and took out the bulky manual, opening it wearily.  “The Pro-State Massager”  he gave a grin at John.  “Very well-thought out name, I should think.”
“You’re so beautiful.  I’m inside you, John.  I’m buried inside you.”
Sherlock looked frustrated.  “The ending … it’s sort of … foggy.”
“Yes, fine… just …”
Sherlock nodded, “Yes.”
“I promise I’m not going to do anything more invasive than you’ve done to me.  I just want to visualize the cremastor reflex.”
John was surprised that Sherlock's 'problem' hadn't surfaced at all. The medics had to cut away his trousers all the way up to his groin to get the material out of the way. They had manhandled him and examined him thoroughly.
His selections were dwindled down first based on physical appearance.  No scruffy beards as was the fashion.  No potential sexual partner could remind him of John.  All sandy-blondes were summarily dismissed before reading their profiles or their ‘hello’ responses to his ad.  Then he went through height, eye color and professions.  Just to make sure, he also rid himself of anyone in the medical field at all.  He also deleted a malpractice attorney just in case.  One responder signed his real name as “John” and was then deleted as well.
“Okay.  Into cuddling too then?”
The Lonely Hearts ad had taken more effort then he would have imagined.  He had to take a picture of himself to send to prospective clients … well, people … eh, dates?  Deciding that his face was too recognizable, he took a picture in the mirror of his shirtless chest, one flexed bicep and unfastened trousers showing a hint of striped red and black pants.  He had photo shopped some of the more disturbing scars out of the picture but he was satisfied with the results.  Hiding scars might possibly be construed as deceiving, but he wasn’t trying to enter into a relationship after all.  He simply needed sexual release that had a more gratifying ending for himself and also he wanted for his own rape to not be the only database of practical sexual knowledge he had.  A dark room or keeping his shirt on during intercourse might be necessary, but he had a feeling whoever he was going to have sex with, would not mind.  After a week of the online ad, he had more than a few responses, as a matter of fact; the sheer number of responses was a bit dizzying.
“I thought you said Stanley would be finished with rounds by this point.”  Sherlock looked at his watch.
“Are you calling me an idiot now?”
“What?”
John laughed quietly.  “Sherlock, you’re psychotic.”
Sherlock took in a gasp of breath as he startled awake.  Apparently he hadn’t been screaming this time and he was sure John would probably appreciate that fact.  The sound of soft snoring next to him had him panicked once more and he scrambled to the other side of the room before he realized it was John and then remembered he had told John to just stay in his bed.  Why had he allowed that?  He scrubbed a hand through his hair and consciously made his body comply with his deep-breathing technique and attempt to control the panic, anger and uselessness he felt fill his chest and bubble up in his throat.
If Mycroft hadn’t butted in with his big head and big nose, Sherlock would have taken the tube to a remote clinic, had his injury dealt with swiftly and he would have been back at Baker Street by now.  Nobody the wiser.  Again, Sherlock grew angrier at the thought of Mycroft and his meddling into his life.  He’s always done that, since he was a child.
“You do count on the ignorance of others quite a bit don’t you?”
“No?  You said the antibiotics didn’t really work, so I thought the best course would be to jump right to the needed tests then.”
“Yes, I know it’s fine, I just … you don’t understand …” Sherlock sounded frustrated.
“Your face is flush, your pupils dilated and your head is in an upturned position.  It’s quite obvious you would like to kiss.”
John kneeled next to Sherlock’s chair and looked up at him.  When Sherlock wouldn’t make eye contact, John leaned in and turned the man’s head with his hand on Sherlock’s chin.  “Hey, listen to me.  There is no reason to feel insecure about that.”
John nearly choked on the air he was breathing, then smiled warmly.  “I think you just asked me to go steady with you.”
I noticed a blackened hallway to my left.  Traffic seems to have a steady flow there and I quickly deduce it must be the bathroom.  Splashing some water on my face and regrouping sounded like a good plan and I headed in that direction.  There was a bathroom alright, but that was not the source of the main traffic.  A heavy, steel door pushed open and in that brief glimpse I could see another world on the other side.  Lighting was dim, ambient.  There were benches along the wall and men in various stages of undress. There was no doubt in my mind what the purpose of that hidden, out-of-the-way room was.  I hang outside of the room leaning against the wall with my shirt off, strung through a belt loop on my hip, trying to look like I belonged there.  Truth be told, I feel like an idiot.  I’m debated on either gathering up my courage and pushing the door open determined to see this to the end, so to speak or turning tail and running to the outside once more.  Still unsure of my next move, the dark door flew open once more and a tall, slender man came out.  He had a cigarette in his mouth and was patting his jean pockets.
John kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “Promise.”
“Well, even if, as you say, I ‘tricked you’, you still were able to reach full arousal, I take it, when met with my aural stimulus?”
After he finished rambling on about privacy, latent homosexual tendencies and I think my eyes glazed over when something about the human anatomy was mentioned, he finally ran out of steam and blurted “…and my only purpose of visiting this Sodom and Gomorrah re-make was to finally get fucking laid and …and I can’t even do that without your interfering.”  He looked distinctly defeated.  He sighed and turned to walk away.
“I need to see you, all of you.  I want to see all of your reactions.  No matter how embarrassing they might be.  It’s paramount to the Work, John.  Sexual reaction is the most important because it is by far the most common motivator for crime.”
I scrubbed a hand through my hair and figured out I’m on the dance floor by myself.  Fuck.  One word comes to mind…. Retreat!
John shrugged, “I guess I just didn’t think you … were like that.”
John pulled on Sherlock’s shirt as he kissed his way across the man’s chest, over his collar bone, up to his jaw, down his neck.  Soon Sherlock was completely naked under John’s fully clothed form.  John batted hands away that attempted to strip him of his clothes.  “Uh uh…not yet,” John laughed when Sherlock gave a breathy pout.  When Sherlock couldn’t keep himself from pulling at John’s clothes, John grabbed his lover’s hands and held them over his head.
“Do you have supplies in here, John?”
“Sherlock,”  John warned.
“Oh!”  Sherlock pulled one knee up in obvious desperation for leverage with which to push himself into John’s hand.
Sherlock shook his head.  “I think we’ve had a long enough courtship, don’t you?”
Okay, I can breathe.  I copy him and let my body fall flaccid with my exhale.  Oh that feels better.  I feel my cock filling once again.  Oh yea, that’s better.
Oh … Not good then?
Sherlock looked up, finally.  “Nope?”
“There you go.  Let’s get some pyjamas on, Sherlock.”
“What are you doing?”  I stated with a calm I did not feel.
“What?”
He pulled himself almost all the way out and all the way back in again as if he was still testing the waters.  I moaned with delight.  I can hear him smiling behind me as he moaned and shifted hi weight pushing me forward.  I’m not all the way on my stomach but nearly.  He held his weight up with his arms as he fucked me hard with several short and fast jabs.  Sonuvabitch!!  I still felt like I was being pole-axed but now it’s in a good way.
John pulled the cover back and once again took note of the man’s glory in an inappropriate way.  Holy mother … the man’s penis was a good six inches soft.  Well bully for him.  Was there nothing about him that wasn’t completely and absolutely gorgeous?
Sherlock shrugged.
“Sherlock, …”
“Sherlock, c’mon.  Help me out here.”  John pulled at flaccid limbs expecting to jump start Sherlock into movement.  “Wakey wakey, ya big slug,” John said with affection as he manipulated Sherlock’s body.
Lestrade nodded and hurried off.
John stopped.  “Tell me what you need, Sherlock.”
Another nightmare in the middle of the night waking up the entire household and taking him entirely too long to recover was the last draw.  Even the two hour time periods of sleep were not working to abate the nightmares anymore.  Heedless of the time, Sherlock texted his brother at 3am.
“As you can probably ascertain, that level of intimacy is rarely achieved by a sociopath such as myself.”
He bolted from me and flipped himself around and is out of my hold so fast I have no idea how he did it.  The look of hurt, embarrassment and ….disappointment is more than I can bear.  “What the … fuck you, Sherlock!”  He started putting his shirt back on as he hurriedly moved toward the door.
John kissed him once more and then pulled back putting some of his weight on his hands.  “Look, there is nothing more that I would like to do then to be inside you if that’s what you want but I don’t think either of us are in a fit state to do that today.  It requires time and patience and I don’t think I’ll last past putting one finger inside your arse.”
“Now I seem to seek it.”
Angrily, he finally answered me, “My virginity, of course.  That’s what this is all about, right?”  He braced his torso onto his elbows and leaned his forehead onto his steepled fingers, body tense.  “That’s the reward of your experimentations.  That’s why you drove me mad, spied on me, interrupted me at the club…you didn’t want anyone else to have it because you wanted it.  You took my dignity, my privacy, may as well have it all then.  Sherlock doesn’t share his play toys.  Point taken.”
“I don’t need his help.”  Sherlock interrupted sharply.
“It’s practical I suppose.”  Sherlock conceded as he helped John out of his last vestiges of clothing.  Grabbing John’s hand, he pulled him along and assisted him to lie down on the bed before ruffling through John’s supplies.
“That’s just …”
Sherlock removed his fingers from John causing yet another delicious gasp.  John finally opened his eyes.
“Where, John.  Where is my sample?”
He started working his fingers in.  After a few moments, my cock was as hard as a rock.  Sherlock released my prick with a wet plop.  “How does it feel?”
“Long day?”  Sherlock asked.
“I know yer not asleep,” John’s speech was slurred, “but tha’s okay.  Don need to say a word.  I know las night … wuz speshl.  I know it.  I felt it, still do, ack-shully.” John smirked a bit and Sherlock rolled his eyes at the joke.  He could imagine John shaking his arse at Sherlock. “But, yur goin’ through something now and it jus isn the right time.  I know that.  You helpt me thru so much, saved me so much.  Juss so you know tho, I’m not quitting you.  I think the fates or the universe or whatever you b’leive in have kep us apart for one reason or ‘nother … I don’ know why but you an I… we d’serve to be happy.  One day … one day you’ll see it.  You shut me out an let me back in when you need me and you do need me, so I’ll jus wait till you know that.  ‘Till then,” Sherlock heard John snap his heels and heard him say, “John Watson, Con … Conduc … Con-duck-tore of light reportin’ for duty”  he laughed at himself.  “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Sherlock elbowed him in the ribs.  “Stop being patronizing.  I’m not a child.”
“Well, as a physician, you have outperformed all that I have ever seen, by far.”
I wish we would have stayed on the fucking couch!!   The reality of it hit me as soon as we past the threshold of his bedroom, the covers turned down sloppily, a ghost of what we had done earlier.  There were condoms and lube on the bed.  I balked.  “I’m a bit dry.  Gonna get a quick drink of water…real quick.  Be right back.”  Too fucking real. Truth be told, I know I’m a doctor and I know that the human body adjusts to accommodate but the part of me that’s not a doctor…the part that’s just some poor sap looking for ….well, for this, I just …I’m unglued about it, I suppose.  Ugh!
Sherlock moved quickly to the head of the bed and tossed a pillow back to John before he bent himself over, shoulders down, arse up.
Finally Sherlock ran a hand through his hair and flung his arm lazily onto the bed.  He let out a deep breath and placed his other arm over John’s.  “My lips are completely numb.”
“Yes.”  John pulled the bag open and brought out the long slim sex aid.   After he fought with the packaging for a few moments, he pulled it free and held it up for Sherlock to see.  “This part here, when fit inside properly, will stimulate the prostate without having to depend on anyone else.”
“Ring.”  Sherlock said dismissively.
John nodded nervously.  “Right, yeah.  Well, in the interest of full disclosure here, I just wanted to say that I … I do fancy you.”
“You’re so gorgeous.”  John continued to gently rock against Sherlock’s body.
“Do you have a shift today?”
“Yes, fine.  I can’t stay like this.”
“There better not be any microphones or cameras in there either.”
“Keep breathing John.  Feel all of it, all together.”  I closed my eyes and felt him moving his hand behind me.  “Push against me this time.  It’ll open you up for me.”  His fingers found my hole once more, gliding in and out of me once again.
“Fine, I’ll text him right now.”  John picked up his mobile and did just that.
“Do it again?”
“You’ve spent days avoiding this conversation, you obviously tried to hide how you felt about me so why would you try so hard to make sure I did eventually come to the right conclusion?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had taken his own stitches out of his hand a few days later. John had brought home a removal kit from work and announced his intention to remove them, but Sherlock lifted his hand in the air, not taking his eyes off of his laptop long enough to acknowledge John and simply said "already done" before he went back to work with whatever research he had been doing.
“Of course she knows.  How could she not know?  She’s walked in on us before.”
John took a moment to appreciate the view before he folded the pillow in half and shoved it under Sherlock’s hips bringing his cock back so John could see it and touch it.
Sherlock just sighed impatiently.
Again, no response.
“Sherlock, I think we should talk.”  Did that sound too nervous?  Sherlock might think he sounded like talking was a chore that had to be done.
“Do you know that, Sherlock?”
“Yeah, that.”
“And why aren’t we simply walking in during the day?”
John whispered, “Oh, fuck.  He’s right outside the door.  The sodding git.  I bet he does wank on his fucking machines this early in the damn morning.”  He pulled on Sherlock’s coat sleeve.  “C’mon.   There’s another door at the other end of the suite through the breakroom.  It leads out to another hall.”
C'mon and leave a comment ... it really does justify me spending SO much time writing these stories rather than spending that time being a productive member of society.  Thank you, and I really do appreciate everyone who is reading my stories.  It is a fun past time and I would love to keep on doing it.
“No, you’re not.  I’m not either,” John looked away, feeling slightly uncomfortable.  “I’ve had loads of sex with woman, all completely unsatisfying … or only satisfying for the moment anyway.  I’ve had sex with men where the only point of contact between us was hard prick into arsehole.  No touching, no kissing, just a quick fuck and move on.”  John looked at Sherlock once more, his eyes searching.  “None of them were even half as fulfilling as having you in my bed,” John kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, “kissing me, rubbing your hands on me, connecting with me … me, as in ‘not just a warm body’ kind of way, but touching me as if … as if it’s really ME you want there beside you,” he kissed Sherlock’s jaw and then made his way down to his collar bone, “making me feel like I shouldn’t be anywhere else in the world.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock gave a quirk of an eyebrow.  “Excellent choice of words doctor.  I would expect nothing less.  Off we go.”  He flipped his scarf around his neck and opened the door, not even attempting to be quiet in the stair well.
He nods.  “Yes you are.”
’  John stood, paced anxiously in Sherlock’s room and out into the hallway.  He stood at the bathroom door, held his had up, ready to knock and then huffed and paced down the hall again.  John thought about what Sherlock had said to that A&E doctor the night before about John protesting that he wasn’t gay to anyone who would listen.  ‘
The cock to cock contact was fucking glorious.  Sherlock gasped and pulled his own knees as far apart as his could all the better to settle John between them more fully.  John grabbed both of Sherlock’s shoulders and started moving up and then down, sliding their cocks alongside each other.
Maggie rolled her eyes. "You only had to ask. Get in."
“No, that’s not what I meant.  I love you and I know you love me.  It’s just … I just want you to know that this can be separate.  You don’t have to ‘be in the mood’ for sex with me if you just feel like your symptoms need to be relieved.  I don’t want you to feel imprisoned by needing this done.  This should be done at least once a month, more if needed.  I can do it myself, always, if you want, but if you don’t want, I won’t take it personally.  Understand?”
“It isn’t the least bit funny, John.”  Sherlock shouted.
“D…does it matter?”
John waited several minutes, watched the last few minutes of the TV gameshow, and then he washed his hands and went upstairs to set up.
John stopped the forward thrust of the needle to look at Sherlock.  He rolled his eyes.  “Sure, why not.  I’ll draw an extra tube so you can take it home to play with.”
“Sherlock, just stop!  Bloody hell.  Let me get my thoughts together first, shall I?”
“So?” Sherlock prodded coming to sit in his chair across from John.
John gave a tight-lipped smile and tilted his head.  “You like it when I take care of you.”
“Let’s get your jacket off and get you comfortable.  This is gonna take a while.”  He helped Sherlock remove his jacket and prop his head up on a pillow.  Sherlock pulled in and clutched the pillow to his chest before he sighed and closed his eyes.  John washed his hands and put on fresh gloves before he started the arduous process.  The wound wasn’t too deep but is was fairly long reaching from the dimple of his right cheek down across the crease where thigh met buttock.
’ John thought to himself.
John laughed.  “I see we are definitely over the physical exam anxiety then.”
John was startled by that realization.  Sherlock was right.  This was defensive wound and just as easily, if Sherlock didn’t have quick enough reflexes and blocked the forward motion of the knife with his own hand, it very well could have gone through the man’s heart or a major artery.  John shook his head and pinched at the bridge of his nose.  “God, you just don’t get it do you.  I mean you really are clueless.”
“Ring?”  John began cleansing the wound as he waited for a clear answer from his flatmate.
“Sorry, yes, Dr. Rowandunsteigal is in desperate need of a demonstration.  I know Dr. Mumford keeps an ultrasound in his examination area so I thought I would just pop in and show the good doctor exactly how to use such a complex machine.  You know, for the betterment of mankind and … such.”
John went into the living room and sat in his chair.  He thought about what he was going to tell Sherlock.  What was he going to tell Sherlock?  After all the protestations about his own sexuality, now that he knew Sherlock fancied him he was magically gay too?  Sherlock wouldn’t buy that for one hot second.  John was bisexual though, always had been.  He found women easier to date.  A lot less funny looks, nobody calling him a bloody poof.  He hated that.  But for Sherlock?  That was not even close to being a barrier.  He adored Sherlock as his best friend and adding being his lover to the mix, God yes!  He didn’t care if he had to defend himself and Sherlock to the entire world one bigoted idiot at a time, Sherlock was worth it.
His first thought had been John.  John was his rock, his light.  If the fall hadn’t happened, Sherlock thought they would probably already be together.  It was apparent to Sherlock that John was indeed attracted to Sherlock despite his insistence on not being gay.  Being gay was just one of those labels Sherlock didn’t believe in.  The sexuality scale was vast and labels were ignorant.  If he gave John enough time, he would realize that himself.
“No.  I can’t give it in tensed up muscles.  It can cause muscle cell death, I’d have to surgically remove the muscle.  Is that what you want?  Another hole in your arse?”
The cloying smell of alcohol and sweat made his stomach churn.  Perhaps they shouldn’t have met for drinks first.  Alcohol and sweat and hands.  It was suddenly too much.  This was what he had asked for but this wasn’t what he was looking for.  This wasn’t right.
Sherlock didn’t waste time with “I told you.”  Instead he pushed them out of the way and had his first look at John’s erect cock.  He gasped and then wrapped his fingers around it.  John waited patiently as his lover took a moment to explore John.  Sherlock looked sort of like he was picking out fruit, prodding and feeling the weight of it in his hand, squeezing it a bit taking John’s breath away.
Dr. Humphrey finished examining Sherlock and then turned toward John. "I'll have to expose him a bit in order to do the stitching. You might want to step out for this."
Please comment on this chapter.  I'd really like to know what you think about it.
Sherlock took a moment to gather his thoughts.  “You have no idea how intolerant of other people I am.  As soon as people … nearly all people, open their mouths, they have already proven themselves dull and pedestrian.  Yes, I’ve met some that captured my attention for brief periods of time, but never long enough to cultivate a comfortable physicality with them, let alone a sexual relationship. I cannot stop the thoughts in my head.  My mind has always won over any sort of physical or hormonal want and inevitably these people … men … that have had my attention briefly, do prove themselves just as intolerable as everyone else.  It has never taken long.”
I rested my elbow on the armrest and then my head on my hand.  “Please.  Go on.”
He was sure that having John in his arms once was the epitome of the sweetest, purist, pleasure he had ever experienced in his life and also the most horrific torture at the same time.
“Whoa, sorry.”  John, visibly shaken, stood abruptly and discarded his gloves into the bin.  “Sorry, Sherlock.  I was listening to you and … forgot to let go.  I didn’t mean … I apologize.”
“Sherlock?”
“Yes.  No shagging until the bins are taken to the kerb, no snogging because you noticed a large set of breasts, that sort of thing.”
“God yes!”
“I do come up with them now and again.”
Suddenly Sherlock felt the cold concrete beneath his naked form, the dampness in the air.   Babbles made in the throws of this barbaric coupling turned to Serbian and the man above him, holding him down while he felt the drag of every single inch of his cock enter Sherlock and pull back out over and over again, was no longer the man he met in a bar in London, but the disgusting torturer he had spent an eternity in hell with.
He chuckled and grabbed my face in his hands bringing me back to him.  “We don’t have to do this yet if you need time to adjust.”
John rolled his eyes at the humor.  “Sort of actually, I did.”
“You’ve never had one though.”
“That’s what I said.  I wrenched my hand away from him and told him he was finished.”  John sighed again, “do you know what this berk had the nerve to say to me?”
He plopped down next to me taking me over with him.  We are spooning in his bed basking in the warm afterglow of homosexual sex, the fluids very sticky between us and under us.  I’m deeply, deeply satisfied.
“Yes?”
Sherlock thinned his lips in anger. "Wrong!" Sherlock slumped back on the ground once more. "Lestrade, I'll go to A&E"
“You were hit pretty good by that car outside of Angelo’s.  Let me look at it properly,” John hung up his own jacket and went to help Sherlock with his.
“That would be lovely.”  John cooed back to his lover.
I laughed and sank into his embrace.  He is breathing into my ear.  God, does that make me melt.
“John.  Ugh … god, please.  Yes, there.  Please!”
“You said you love me.”
“She had a house manager, two housekeepers, a cook and who else?”
After the coughing business he announced.  “You don’t have a hernia.”
“Because he knows what you like, that’s why.  Why would he think that you want someone who looks like me, Sherlock?  Or someone who IS me, perhaps?”  John was smiling.
Mycroft gestured toward the door, “this way but you won’t need a data collection kit.  Sherlock decided to take a shower and rinse away any evidence that might be collected from his person.”
“Still bent-over.”
“No.”
Sherlock couldn’t stop him from knowing.  His life was never going to be the same again.
“How about this then?”
“Turn-your-head comes before bend-over.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in confusion.  “No, we’ve never done …”
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock sighed.  “It helps with the nausea.”
“It gets so much better.”
John scoffed, “Yeah, and by that logic he could also jump off a sodding bridge.  Could you certainly follow him down into the Thames as well?  You daft bugger!”  John finished taping the dressing.
“Humph …No, I’m not … not this position.” Sherlock grunted and moaned in misery as the burly man laid himself on top of him, his cock sliding between Sherlock’s cheeks.  The panic began to multiply.
Sherlock was shaken by the site of John opening himself up more fully to him, allowing him inside.  He rocked in and out slowly, taking him, making John a part of him.  John’s eyes were closed in concentration, his knuckles white as he gripped onto Sherlocks arms and shoulders.  When Sherlock went unexpectedly deep, John gasped and opened his eyes.
“Not yet,” Sherlock nuzzled into the pillow then looked over at John.  “You’ve sat there the entire time?”
“It’s quite simple, really.  The average human male thinks about penetrative sex every 14.8 seconds and actively participates in the act approximately twice per week if he’s married and three times per week if he’s single but living with someone.  You and I have been exclusively with each other for the past three months.  No, we have never said we’re exclusively together, but I haven’t seen anyone else, of course and neither have you or I would have known.  It simply stands to reason that you might desire penetrative intercourse instead of,” he moved a hand in the air with a flourish, “what it is we’ve been up to.”
“You’re so beautiful.”  Sherlock breathed, lips never leaving John’s skin.  He moved lower until he was on his knees in front of John.  He spared a look upwards and liked that John had his arms over his head still as though Sherlock had chained them there.  “Beautiful.”  He beamed as he took John’s belt in his hands and began to undo the fly.
Sherlock huffed.
“I’m a …  compared to you…?  Ugh … holy jeez.”  John’s eyes stopped roaming when he found the man’s cock.
I heard him.  I couldn’t move any muscle in my body that wasn’t geared toward flying out of this bed.  He wanted me to relax and breathe?  My heart was beating out of my chest.
“John?”
“No.  I already know your findings.  I could tell you word for word what you’ve written.  Now, it’s your turn.  Disrobe please.”  He flashed John that fake, wide smile that he gave when he wanted someone to do his bidding.
“No …well, okay, yes sometimes more than I like to admit,” Sherlock gestured vaguely at his injured body.  “But it’s not just a medical need.”  Sherlock sighed and continued, “I just want it.”
“You like my voice.”
Finally, John opened his eyes, finding his lover’s calming gaze.
“I’m going out Sherlock.”  His voice cracked and broken when he said Sherlock’s name.
“Sherlock.  Wake up, Sherlock.”
“Finicky?  I don’t think so, no.”
“Oh, please.  You’ve been with me for almost an hour.  She knows I’m here and that you’re done for the day.  Get your coat and take me home.”
“Careful …”  Sherlock hissed.  “It’s a bit sensitive.”
“Oh, yes I do like that quite a bit.”
’  “Fine,” John turned to find his lover over the table just like he had described looking sinfully debauched.  “Stand up, Sherlock.”  John walked into the kitchen.
Sherlock was typing up notes from his latest findings of the pig saliva he was working on, looking through the microscope on the kitchen table when John strolled in looking at his phone, perplexed.
Slashes across his back, the whipping of the leather against his skin, pulling of his hair, the stink of sweat the crack of the leather, the revolting, hideous laughter clawed around him, pervaded his every thought, smell, feel.  Disgustingly filthy language about their penises, their vile touch on his skin.  The invasion, the white hot pain over and over and over again.  He could feel himself having to give in to the touch, the invasion, the pain.  He could feel himself trying to get away, trying to move and not being able to, the panic following the realization that he was trapped.  The faces kept blurring together.  Sometimes it was a nameless Serbian, sometimes it was Mercutio Maximillian Fuckwit…the guy with the M name.
“No, sorry.”
“Better?”
In a flury, Sherlock was whisked away with John trailing behind. Clothing was removed, xrays taken, morphine was given, labs drawn until finally the two were the only ones left in the room besides the handsome young doctor.
“Oh, I’m quite certain.”  Sherlock turned his head for a kiss.
“Alright, wait here.  I’ll get you some pills to take that should stop the itching.  They’ll make you sleepy though.”
“I’m still here.”
“Bloody brilliant.  Istanbulean?  Indeed.  Of course, you could have just told him the truth.  It didn’t sound like he was eager to remain loyal to Dr. Mumford.”
John strummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair and took in a deep breath.  “Okay.  Take a case.”
“Just relax, Sherlock.”
An hour later, John ran up the steps, passing by Mrs Hudson in such an expeditious way he was afraid it might have been considered rude.  Oh well, he would have to apologize later.  He had a well-fucked, post-coital Sherlock in his bed and he wanted nothing more than to return to that nice, warm bed and snuggle up with the object of his every desire.
“I’m fine, John.  I am.  I’ll let you know if I need you.”
“Uh oh.  That sounds ominous.”
John would be bringing him tea any moment and explain in more detail why he should see a therapist and why he should be “talking to someone” and blah blah blah, on it went every day ad nauseum.
“You’re barely forty.  Why ….”
“No.”
“So you’ve said.”  Sherlock smiled and pushed in once more eliciting the same gasp.  “Feel me, John.  Feel me sliding into you.  Feel me fucking you, connecting us together.”
“John, now you really are fishing for compliments.”
“Sherlock?”  When no response followed, John asked, “I’ll bandage that up for you.”
When Maggie was turned toward the EKG machine, John mouthed "what are you doing?" to Sherlock.
“Mycroft, you are a complete and utter cock!”  John yelled.
“Oh.”
“Sorry, mate.  I just had my own nightmare myself so I was already up when I heard you screaming.  You wouldn’t wake up when I called out to you and I’m so dead fucking tired I wasn’t sure I cared if you socked me a good one.”
“No.  I’m yours.  All day today.”  He quirked a small smile when Sherlock finally looked at him once again.
John waited a full 60 seconds, plenty of time for Sherlock to make his way to the table and sit down slowly, and some added time to decide what to do with his arms and legs that didn’t make him look so stupid sitting there in a gown that was way too short and way too open in the back.  He thought about removing his socks, but then thought his feet would probably get cold so dismissed that idea.  Finally, there was a knock on the door followed by John’s voice. “Can I come in, Sherlock?”
“With the door open!”
“How did you take my temperature?”
John looked alarmed and ran to the bathroom for more cool flannels and then to the kitchen for a bucket.  When he returned, Sherlock was still squeezing his eyes shut and doing the same deep breathing exercises.  “You’re doing great, Sherlock,” John soothed.  “Hang in there.”  John rubbed Sherlock’s face with the cool cloth making Sherlock lean into the comforting touch.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose.  “John, my heating pad keeps turning off and my stomach still hurts.  I need you.”
“You don’t have to tell me, of course you don’t.  I’m asking if you will.”
John lay on his side, a pillow tucked under his head, a sappy grin on his face.  “That was rather … thorough, I think.”
Sherlock didn’t bother breaking the kiss long enough to form words.  A sound vaguely resembling “uh huh” escaped as Sherlock pushed his fingers through John’s hair and rocked into his lap, grinding against him as his bum was pushed and pulled by the firm grip of John’s hands.
“John!  You have to help me,” Sherlock began tossing his coat aside quickly.  He then proceeded to open his trousers.
“No such thing.  You’re just upset that this game regularly fools you but it cannot fool me.”
“Well I do hope you know that’s not an option anymore," John admonished.  “I don’t mind if you would rather I not be your doctor, but you cannot dismiss treatment.  That’s just NOT on.  If you want me to stop, then you’ll just have to go to A&E from now on.  That’s it.”
John was not in the flat.  He checked his phone, no texts, no calls. Was he at A&E right now.  Was he hurt?  He checked John’s work schedule on the fridge.  He wasn’t scheduled to work.  He might be taking a walk in Regents Park pondering the regret he felt for having sex with Sherlock.  Which was fine.  There was no reason to bask in any afterglow because of one night between the sheets together.  They were still who they were.  Bisexual John with a penchant to denying the “bi” in “sexual” and damaged Sherlock still unable to ever subject John to what a romantic relationship with him might entail.  Nothing had changed really.  Yes, they had sex, or more to the point, John had let Sherlock have sex with him for whatever reason—comfort from a grueling case, giving him access to pleasant sexual release for the first time in his life, whatever the reason, it didn’t mean the beginning of anything.  Hopefully Sherlock hadn’t damaged their friendship.  He remembered a heavy fog and ringing in his ears and he hoped he hadn’t hurt John or that he didn’t hear any John’s requests for him to stop.  Where the hell was he?  He just needed to know John wasn’t hurt and that he hadn’t … assaulted him?  Bile rose in his throat and he barely made it to the loo before he emptied his stomach contents into the toilet.  He would rather die than force himself onto John.  To hurt him in any way was a deplorable act.
“Okay.”
“I don’t have a problem with … receiving … I just …”
John made himself useful getting the scope ready and finding the equipment he would need.  By the time Sherlock came out, John had the exam table set up.  It had taken him a moment to work the stirrups out of the end of the table but he managed.  He left one of them undone to make it easier for Sherlock to get onto the table.
His naked form is next to me and I’ve still got my tight jeans, my underwear and my socks on.  He’s rubbing my cock through my pants.  I can’t stop my hips from thrusting into his touch.  He’s nibbling my neck, my ear.  My trousers are open.  He’s dipping his fingers inside the waistband of my pants.  He’s smiling.  I look down in horror.   I wore the red, silky briefs, commonly referred to as my ‘getting laid’ briefs.  How humiliating.
At 10 o’clock the next morning he received a reply from Mycroft:
“The way you look at me.  Nobody has ever looked at me like you do.”
He whispered in my ear.  “Point 5.  Amazing sex!”
John checked Sherlock’s pulse point at his wrist, “still a bit fast, but better.  Tell me how you feel?”
“No, I don’t think it is,” John remained calm and assuring.  It wouldn’t help to send Sherlock into panic.  He began pulling at Sherlock’s shoes and stripping him from the waist down.  He then took a blanket from the back of the sofa covering his legs.  Lestrade returned with the equipment and John was able to assess the extent of the damage without all of the blood obstructing his view.  “How long was the blade?”  He asked Lestrade as he pulled on a pair of exam gloves, but Sherlock answered him instead.
Sherlock took a moment to think about what it would be like to have John like that, as his, as his lover, his partner, someone to make future plans with and talk about whether or not they need a new sofa or a dog.  He thought about going to Angelo’s and John not caring that there was a candle placed on the table or needing to correct anyone’s assumptions about them.  He thought about holding hands at crime scenes and how Lestrade would slap John on the shoulder and say “About damn time, mate!  Thought you’d never figure it out” and John would smile and his eyes would light up when he looked at Sherlock like he was the best thing that ever happened to him.  Then, after a case or a chase through London, they would stumble up the stairs kissing and pulling at clothes and just be so mad for each other they couldn’t even wait to get to the bedroom.  John would say things like “God, I’m gone over you” and “Sherlock, I love you” and he would pull off his coat and throw it aside along with Sherlock’s scarf and then he’d pull on his shirt until all the buttons went flying and then he’d see Sherlock’s scars on his back and he’d say “Where did those come from?”
