And yet despite all he’s here for he can’t help but indulge. It’s selfish of him. He should be searching this castle top to bottom with every chance he gets. He must discipline himself from now on. He already spends enough time with Dean anyway. Once the festival is over and everyone has settled back to normal, he will begin again. And he won’t take a breath until he’s found what he’s looking for.
And now his hands tremble. He presses them further into his lap, making sure that no one can possibly see and turns his concentration to slowing the pounding of his heart in his chest.
"And you're very handsome yourself." Dean chuckles lightly and shakes his head before focusing back on Castiel.
Castiel lifts his chin and the smallest amount of pride swells inside his chest. “I believe that none of it is true. My people were good. They would never harm an animal let alone a human without the right reasons. They were kind and generous. And accepting of people like me.” He pauses, observing Dean’s jaw tightening. “Of people like you.”
A guard steps up beside him. “Your Highness, you have a class now. Orderic will be waiting for you in the library.”
“No, I didn’t mean--” His father’s fist shoots forwards before he can react, punching him square in the nose. He stumbles back, hands lifting to his face but his father’s hand shoots out again, grabbing his hair tightly and roughly yanking his head forward. Dean grabs at his father’s wrist, gritting his teeth in pain and tears are welling up behind his eyes now because he’s ruined this – all because he was so
Sam is captured somewhere, hidden inside the crumbling walls of the angel’s royal castle. There shouldn’t be too many places to look.
He sweeps his eyes across the room only to find them landing on his father’s diary. Castiel mentioned that he checked it when he originally snuck in here all those nights ago. He said it held not much of anything bar some hint that the demon may have possessed his father.
“But we can organise our own dates,” Dean says, a grumpy look passing over his face that can only be described as adorable. “I don’t under--"
Eventually, he does fall asleep. Dean can feel it in the way he breathes and he’s grateful. Castiel deserves to rest – to be free of the present – after what happened. At least unconsiousness can grant him that. Dean on the other hand, can only lie hopelessly behind him, hoping his offered touch can bring him some comfort. And while it seems to have done so, Dean doesn’t feel it’s enough.
“What, like you don’t love it,” Dean challenges, batting his eyes. Castiel huffs a laugh, pulling Dean a chair out.
Finally, after a long time, she speaks. “I wish you were not here, I wish it more than anything but is it selfish of me to say how much it means to see my eldest son again?”
Dean takes a deep breath, picking at some dirt under his nails before lying. Well, to a certain extent. “We got into a fight about…” Dean clears his throat, “training. I wanted to do it a certain way and he disagreed with me. It’s nothing really but now he’s keeping his distance.”
Dean’s heart jumps a little and he opens his mouth to retort but Cillian just looks at him with those big, knowing brown eyes and he deflates beneath them.
Dean nods, looking like he's contemplating something for a moment before he asks, "Which year is better so far? This year or last year?"
Dean can see it. He almost buys it. But then, "Then why did you lie to me?" Any words die on Dean's tongue. And Dimarus must see the panic on his face, for he steps forward and places a reassuring hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean, what's wrong?"
And he feels anger boiling inside of him, knowing that his own men, the men that once served them so, swore on their lives to protect Sam have taken him from safety and thrust him into the hands of a demon. And he wants to scream, wants to make someone pay for it.
The breeze is gentle against his skin, as though it knows of the grief that sits cold and loud in his heart and is cradling him in its arms. As Dean is still cradled in his own, growing colder by the second.
“About how to kill it?” Castiel asks quietly and slowly. Dean holds his eyes for a few moments, time stretching on forever before he nods.
All of a sudden, everything inside of him is quiet. No more frantic thoughts or pounding heart as he opens his mouth and says, “And what was it like?”
is going to do that?” Dean’s eyes are wide as they flick between Nyree and Castiel, a hint of worry in them.
They spend the last little while chatting about a few things like what they study and where they went to high school and while it's not what Castiel would've liked to get out of this game, he feels disappointed when another student finally opens the closet and tells them the seven minutes is up.
From below he hears voices rise and he knows he needs to move. The castle will be alarmed any moment. He runs softly across the rooftop until he finds himself above his own chambers. He cranes his head over the side but there are still guards out on the balcony of the king’s chambers. They’re barely shadows but he can’t risk any of them seeing him climb down into his own window. They would know it was him for sure. So, he waits, heart pounding in his chest, fists squeezed tight by his sides because he lost himself for a moment – focused too much on what he had read and not only did it nearly get him caught but he still found nothing. Well, not nothing. It may be proof. It may not.
He only slips out for a moment or two, to ask a servant if they can have breakfast brought to their rooms this morning like they do whenever they have spare time to eat together. Though their anniversary is over, he can’t help but want to let Dean have a nice relaxing morning to thank him for all he did yesterday.
Castiel stares at him for a long while and then – he sees it. He sees him crumple, the flame in his eyes flickering out, revealing the crippling sadness beneath.
“I’m – I…” Castiel feels it then, burning up his chest, hot and vile. “I need to…” He doesn’t get further than that, wandering off towards the closest building and making his way around the back of it before he heaves bile into the dirt, one hand pressed against cool stone to steady him.
“Goodnight, Dean,” he responds softly, hands clenched tightly at his sides. Dean stands for a moment, looking as though he might say something – might do something – but he only nods his head and swiftly enters his own chambers, closing the door quietly behind him.
Castiel finds the eyes of his father across the room. For the alliance. For the kingdom. For his family.
Castiel’s senses are pulled away once more but he fights to regain control. There appears to be raised voices yet no sound of conflict. And there has yet to be any warning call if something is wrong. So, he keeps his eyes firmly shut.
Leda pulls back then, eyes wet with tears and hurt. “All this time you were gone with the angels, all I could think was that I have no idea what is happening but I so wished you had taken me with you.”
It lets out a loud growl and leaps for him and it’s too quick for him to do anything but raise his arms in defence as it launches through the air.
“C’mon, Cas. Let’s go. Sammy here’s gotta stand up straight and greet some people.” Castiel nods in farewell before following after Dean.
He reaches a hand out, brushing over the crumpled bedding in front of him. He’s not sure what he expects now. What will Dean say? What will Dean want?
She never says anything as she bandages him back up and Castiel certainly doesn’t look her in the eyes – not until she stands. “These are your new clothes,” she says, grabbing some clothes and boots out of her basket and placing them on the end of his bed. “They have been fitted for your size and should there be any problems, tell Dean and we will prepare some more.”
He trails off awkwardly, watching Castiel turn it over between his fingers, a smile forming at the corner of his mouth, familiarly teasing.
“How do you know?” Dean opens his mouth but no words come out. Dimarus takes a step forward, eyes filled with concern. Concern that has Dean’s chest aching. “Did he try to…”
Castiel shrugs and if anything, his frown deepens. “It depends.” Disappointment pools in Dean’s gut.
The alarm on Castiel's phone going off has Dean groaning beside him. Castiel smiles, putting his book down and pushing himself up to a sitting position. Dean groans even louder. "No, it's not time to go, is it?"
They gather up the girls and wander outside where they all gather around a little fire pit where two of the camp coordinators wait for them with smiles on their faces.
“Michael,” Dean shouts, causing him to stop. He strides up beside him, raising his own sword now. Nicolaus sneers at him when they meet each other’s eyes. “This one was a royal guard at the castle. Sworn to serve and protect those of the royal family.” Dean steps forward, some of that darkness in Michael rising up in him. “This one’s mine.”
Castiel breathes in, tries not to let his mind form the images of Dean caught, tortured and broken, tries to remember that he would do the same if their roles were reversed, and breathes out.
Dean bites his lip. “But…can we not…” He looks to where Castiel’s hands are now clenched in his lap.
Summer comes around quickly this year, Castiel not at all feeling like half the year is already gone. His parents have gone away - a trip to the beach, leaving Castiel behind to work and do his summer subject at university. He doesn't mind. He likes having the time to himself. He also likes whenever Dean and Sam come into the bookstore.
“Yes, they’re much better.” The gash along the side of Castiel’s head is only a small cut now and the bruise from Dean’s own fist has all but faded – the only sign that he ever hurt him, a tiny cut that hasn’t yet healed.
There’re five groups, each involving four girls - something they had all decided on a few weeks ago. Each group will be sharing a tarp, food and all of their utensils they are taking on the trip. Dean and Castiel will be doing the same, bar the tarp. They'll both have their own small tent.
Sam nods, taking a few small steps forward as Mary does the same, until she’s standing in front of him – Dean standing now a few steps behind, tears still falling.
Dean looks him in the eye, as sure as anything and says, “Well, if that’s how you want to do it, then maybe I don’t want you to succeed.”
A lot has changed in a short three years. They gladly reminisce over all of it. The things that have changed for the better. The things that they’ve lost along the way.
But somehow, Castiel has a way with words and the girls are sitting back next each other within five minutes. And much to Dean’s delight, Castiel is sitting back down beside him, muesli bar and a pre-packed sandwich ready in hand. The mostly eat in silence, speaking quietly here and there as the girl’s chat around them.
Emery shakes his head quickly. “Don’t. I know how this goes. It only gets worse. And besides they can’t do much harm anyway. Not without having a nice long look at my fists first.”
Dean nods. “Right.” He pauses, chewing on his bottom lip. “But how did you… Do you think I would ever be able to do something like that?”
They could already be at the mayor’s office. But they could never have reached it so quickly. He was only gone for a few moments. So, where could they be? His legs pump harder now until he sees it – an overturned barrel at the edge of an alleyway.
And he doesn’t think he would speak it to anyone else. But Dean has already kissed his way across his scars, revered his skin as though it didn’t hold the pain that it does.
the satisfaction of fucking with your friends for sending you over here in the first place. Got it?”
, he thinks. No. Now that he’s seen his brother, he’s getting back inside his head again. He won’t let it. This isn’t his fault.
Castiel rolls his eyes, frustration welling up inside of him as he raises his voice. “You know what I mean, Dean. We’re not fucking and that means
He stares. Suddenly, it’s quiet all around him as though he is the only one here. The only one that just saw--
“You, Dean Winchester, are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen and the best thing that has ever happened to me. And finally, finally, I get to show you how much I mean it.”
“What? You didn’t believe me when I told you the same thing?” Dean’s smile is charming now – not cocky charming but sweetly charming and Hermana huffs, pulling her hand away.
Dean lets her hand slip from his own and tells himself that what she speaks is the truth. She steps aside, bending down to embrace Sam next and say her goodbyes.
There is movement at the corner of his eye. He looks behind Castiel, past all the people sitting on the floor, embracing each other, to the door of the hall they reside in.
Castiel’s sure this sort of thing happens often. Not too often. But often enough that taking a prisoner into the castle is not something these guards are strangers to. It wouldn’t be anything of a major concern.
Castiel bites his lip. “There were three of them. I only know two. Nicolaus and Salicar.” Dean’s mouth parts and he swears under his breath.
“Well?” Castiel raises an eyebrow as they come to standstill just outside the inner gates. Dean tries not to notice the stares of all the other guards around him but it’s hard not to with their intense gazes searing holes into Castiel’s back.
It takes merely moments for the room to clear but it feels far longer as he waits to be completely alone with whoever it is that stares back at him, knowing either way, it does not bode well for him.
” Leda punctuates with a disapproving eyebrow. “What about everything else? How are you and Castiel getting along?”
Dean nods, resuming gently cleaning the dirt from the lines of Castiel's palm. There's a long moment of silence, as though Castiel is trying to figure out where to begin. And then he does. And Dean waits for everything to change.
At that moment, Castiel looks up to see Dean standing there, staring at him. Castiel raises some judgemental eyebrows.
Castiel’s palms are sweaty were they rest on his thighs. He swallows. “In regards to the halo, I can now confirm with thanks to Dean that the king has it in his possession and has attempted in the past, unsuccessfully of course, to access the power within it. The grace or map of, I have no clues but in regards to the demon, I can say that through searching the king’s personal journal there are abrupt changes in his tone and entries that appear an attempt to cover up what really happened to Mary Winchester that lead me to believe King John Winchester is in fact possessed by the demon.”
Other than that, there is nothing new here. It makes sense. He flicks to the next entry of interest, scanning his eyes down. It’s a month before the invasion.
For a  moment no one moves to follow Dean. The students all just stand there flicking their eyes between Castiel and Dean’s figure, which is slowly fading in the distance.
“Alright. So what’s happening? Am I dropping you guys off at Bela’s post party or what?” Dean says, as he saunters towards the three of them.
“There isn’t going to be any sort of announcement or introduction like when we arrived. I’m sure neither of you would like all eyes to be on you right now,” Nyree says, leading Dean away from his thoughts. “And I’ve told everyone to give you space and not overwhelm you.”
He doesn’t realise there’s an angel sitting across from him. He doesn’t realise his greatest enemy has been taken in and out of his own castle within only the span of half a moon.
“I was too late, of course. It was that night. That night that I understood. Understood that Ferrant was not Ferrant and had been that way for a long time. That the demon was within the castle walls. Within the man that stood beside me at every moment of the day. And there was nothing I could do. Nothing I could do to stop what it set in motion. All I could do was pray to Leuric – to their God of Light – that the angels would be safe.” Her face twists before she takes a breath, the creases in her forehead smoothing out once more. Dean wants to reach out to her, take her hand in his own but he waits. Waits for what he has wanted to know for over a decade now.
A heavy ache sits in his chest. He only wants to show Castiel that he’s not the person he was the other night. He wants Castiel to trust him. He wants…
But the king doesn’t appear to take in his answer, firing off the next question. “How many rebels are you working with and what are they planning?”
“What? No, of course not! How could you possibly think that?” Castiel can feel his chest constricting beneath him. This was never supposed to happen. Dean was never supposed to think that.
Dean shakes his head, trying to sort through his thoughts. “No, no. Just – I need to speak to Castiel alone.”
A sudden loud clash of metal reminds him others are nearby. He acts quickly, fumbling for the king’s hand and yanking at the ring on their finger.
“I know.” Dean looks at him, tears falling down his cheeks, one hand caressing Castiel’s cheek, thumb brushing his tears away. “I know,” he says.
Dean can only glare at her a moment longer before he cracks a smile, bumping her fist with his own. “I think you already know the answer to that.”
If anyone is interested, I will be posting a small, fluffy ~16k fic at the end of November, which I was able to finish in my slump. If you want to be tagged for when I post it or just want to check out the summary, head to this post
He clenches his fist and jaw, feeling it in his veins, swirling in his blood, overtaking his entire body. Just as twice before, the whole entirety of him lights like a bright, white flame, brighter than ever and around him the tunnel quakes.
Dean’s mind starts to race and his eyes start to blur. This isn’t happening. This isn’t happening. Cas is going to walk in through their door and kiss him on the cheek and tell him that Gabriel is just playing a big prank on him. Dean wipes at his eyes and continues to read, a mantra of ‘no, no, no’ playing over and over in his head.
Castiel squeezes it tight and with the warmth beneath him - the warmth all around him - he allows himself to succumb to the darkness.
He’s not sure what it is, maybe just Brady’s annoying smug face, but Castiel’s eyes turn icy in an instant.
“Castiel,” Michael says, and Castiel’s eyes flutter closed. “You’re allowing your emotions to cloud your judgement. Dean is offering us something here that could potentially cut our time in half and you know how precious every second is. If you were him, wouldn’t you do the same?”
He takes a slow step forward into Castiel’s personal space and gently with both of his hands, lifts Castiel’s elbow until it’s in the correct position. He holds it there and Castiel knows what he’s doing. His chest tightens and his legs threaten to carry him away from the touch. But he grits his teeth and doesn’t move.
Castiel almost chokes on air, eyes widening at her words and yet Lady Alia doesn’t spare him a glance.
He hears the sound of a cork popping and oil being slipped over Dean’s fingers. His muscles clench tight and he grits his teeth as he waits. A palm to the small of his back, thumb brushing over his spine has him relaxing slightly and finally the first wet finger drags over his rim.
He gets to his feet, wiping the dirt from his hands and pulls Castiel up. The ride through the forest is beautiful. The sun is out and the breeze is soft, caressing their heated skin. And Dean’s never been so glad that Nicolaus nor anyone else discovered the lake the other day. He doesn’t like to share. This has always been his place. And now he supposes, their place.
Castiel finally raises his eyes and there is nothing there to betray any emotions. “Where would I have gone?”
And he saw it immediately. The difference. Castiel used to be so joy free, always smiling and making polite friends with everyone around him. But when he saw him sitting there, he saw none of that. He was guarded and alone but didn’t seem to give two shits. He also didn't seem to give two shits about Dean, whom he stared at for a few seconds before turning back to the book in his lap.
Castiel sighs as Dean rubs his thumbs in circles over his hipbones where his shirt has risen up. “I know. I just always get nervous before races.”
It’s raining behind him as his runners pull out every single excuse in the book not to train. It was a fine night up until ten minutes ago when it began to bucket down, drenching the track and meaning they’re unable to run on it for safety reasons. Which is why Castiel has dragged them to the field behind the stadium where they’ll be conducting their session tonight on the grass.
He caught sight of Nicolaus and Salicar too before, milling around with another guard and sending glares in his direction. But they eventually wandered off into the crowds.
Dean’s heart sinks but he stands up straight. “Well, then,” he says. “I think you know what that means.”
Dean’s face is bright and hopeful. Perhaps he is not as bad as Castiel previously thought. And if this is some unspoken truce between them – not only could it make all of this slightly easier but it could perhaps be his way of saying he’s sorry.
Castiel does the same for Dean, focusing on the knots instead of the pounding of his heart. He ties it off, tight as he can before meeting that green-eyed gaze.
Because he’s already made up his mind. He already knows what he’s going to do. Because what other choice does he have?
When he pulls it out Dean recognises it as the carved wooden horse Sam made at Emery’s family manor. Reyne had carried it with him all the way to battle from the castle to give to Sam when they saved him. It made Dean feel a little lighter, knowing there were so many who cared for Sam in his absence.
And just seeing Dean so embarrassed is new for him. He would have thought that Dean couldn’t be embarrassed. In fact, he probably thought Dean was the type of person that would make the comment Michael made himself.
“I don’t know what you’re talking--” he starts, stepping backwards when his father slashes at the air with his dagger.
He turns to look at Castiel’s face in the moonlight, eyelids fluttering, breathing a little unsteady.
Because he still hasn’t seen Dean yet – who of course wouldn’t have been allowed to come to the exchange. Far too dangerous for both of them to be out in the open.
But either way, just knowing there will be another date has his chest filling with that familiar warmth. He can definitely wait.
He says his thanks before standing to bow as his father waves him away, already done with his presence.
Without missing a beat, his father says, “And yet, you still stood no chance in Narla.” He flinches, teeth grinding together.
Dean can’t stop fidgeting all through the rest of the day. The lesson is almost pointless and he honestly feels sorry for Orderic for even bothering. The only relief he has is that Castiel is gone for most of it.
Dean hadn’t thought it was the best place but he’d had nothing else. In the end, it didn’t matter. Emery somehow had Catharlo whisked away almost as soon as he’d settled in the library.
Dean even catches Bela’s eye at one point, who’s grabbing some drinks outside the grandstand with her friends. She smiles mischievously before winking.
It’s only been three days but Dean’s practically vibrating with excitement to see Castiel again. And he would think how fucking pathetic but he’s past the point of caring now. He spent the rest of the weekend trying to explain to his friends how he ended up getting that kiss from Castiel which mostly consisted of Dean flashing a charming smile and saying ‘
He strikes hard but Castiel only spins out of reach. Dean clenches his teeth, sweat dripping down his forehead. The rage fills his veins as he strikes once more only to have it parried.
Castiel shrugs off the guard’s now weakened grip and pushes past to get beside the table. “I’m here, Dean.” Dean’s eyes fly around the room, trying to locate where his voice is from until finally he finds him. He slumps back down with a pained groan.
Dean shrugs, tongue darting out to wet his lips. “I don’t know. Maybe I’m just not looking hard enough.”
They’re interrupted a moment as their meals arrive before, hoping to lighten the mood, Dean says, “What about me?”
Dean nods. “No, I…I understand. Thank you for telling me.” He stands from his chair and makes his way over to the door. “Actually,” he stops, “before I go, I have one other thing to ask.”
Under the bed, his hand slips on loose wood. He stops, tears ceasing for a moment. He leans down, searching under the bed in the dark. The loose wooden plank is pushed in at a funny angle and Dean can see from here that there isn’t any stone beneath it.
His eyes well up and he’s finding it hard to breathe with each step closer until he’s running towards her – a hand on her shoulder – enough to feel nothing underneath but he can’t stop – “
The taller girl nods her thanks and the two of them start to head over. Dean lets out a deep breath from where he's standing. "I would say don't fall in love with her but I don't know if she's your type." Dean grins.
He had asked of Sam but Castiel didn’t know much. It made him wonder of his friends too. He knows Leda will be distraught but okay. But Dimarus… Was he in battle? Was he left behind to protect the castle and if so, was he killed defending it? And even others like Hermana and Alissande, those that were always good to him?
Dean glances to the floor and Castiel watches as more tears slip down his face. He pulls at Dean’s now weakened grip on the knife and exhales deeply as it clatters to the floor.
They head directly to the training hall after finishing up in the kitchen – or more accurately, after Sam finished filling him in on everything that he missed while he was away in excruciating detail. Dean barely spoke. Castiel barely did too, concentrating with his all to keep up with the young prince as much as he could while his mind was a whirlwind of Dean, Dean,
Emery’s brows pinch together, eyes teasing. “Why wouldn’t I like that?” Catharlo’s eyes meet his own, lips slightly parted as he flicks his gaze down to where their knees nearly touch. He shuffles slightly, swallowing down a lump in his throat before speaking.
Neither of them say anything. Neither of them have to. Dean can feel how much it means to Castiel that he’s said what he’s said. Feels it in the fingers gripping him tight. Feels it in the shuddering breaths and the way he presses his face deeper into the curve of Dean’s neck.
“Is there anything you need before I go?” He turns to see Castiel still staring off into the crowd. Dean shakes his head.
Castiel eyes fall to the table, something stuttering inside his chest at Dean’s words. “No, you weren’t the subtlest. But I hope you know that…I like you too.” He pauses. “A lot.”
Dean chuckles, lifting her hand to place a light kiss there. Leda scoffs, picking a fine slice of cheese from the table and biting into it. “I’ll keep that in mind.” Leda’s eyes flick behind him towards Castiel and he feels a strange twist in his stomach.
“The demon. You said it asked you who the prophesied was but then it possessed you before you could speak. Then how did it know who Castiel was? How did it know the boy to save?”
He feels himself take a step forward, his first instinct to go over and ask if everything’s okay but he stops himself. He knows Castiel wouldn’t want him to. Would probably tell him off for being here in the first place.
But perhaps he should just look, he thinks, as he takes a step towards the desk. What if he’s written something in it since? No, not he – it – he needs to stop thinking of the king as human – as his father.
“Did you mean it?” Dean’s heart seems to come to a standstill. What? Cas’ eyes seem to flicker with hope but surely that’s not what Dean thinks he’s hoping for. For a moment Dean doesn’t know what to say. What if he’s wrong and Cas is creeped out by everything and never wants to see him anymore? With each second, what Dean thinks is hope in Cas’ eyes, seems to grow smaller and smaller. He might never have another chance.
“Never?” Sam says, mouth wide. Castiel shakes his head. “Well, I hope Dean took you to all the interesting places.”
"You weren’t complaining yesterday." Dean winks and a blush immediately rises on Castiel's cheeks as he remembers their impromptu make out session on Dean's own bed.
In addition to that there are pastries and jams and of course, a large plate with various sliced meats, which sours Castiel’s stomach when he looks at it. It reminds him of the pigs in the wooden crate he spent journeying to the castle with. Humans and their ways. The angels were never perfect but at least they didn’t butcher innocent souls. How could they? He’d already prepared a story for why he doesn’t hunt or eat meat – someone’s bound to notice eventually and it’s the only thing that could possibly tie him to the angels – as they are the only culture in the Northern Continent that don’t eat the flesh of an animal. And he’s not exactly going to start eating it now just to fit in.
But he never will take Dean’s hands. He’ll never get the chance. In another life perhaps. But not this one.
“And I’m sure he’ll be okay. He’s a good fighter. Just like you told me.” Dimarus offers him a quick nod before Dean opens the door and steps out into the hall.
Catharlo’s eyes fall to his lips, his heart beginning to pound in his chest and he thinks perhaps those words that have echoed in his mind for so long only needed someone else to fade them.
He watches out of the corner of his eye as Dean exits the bathroom shirtless before pulling on his running shorts and making his way over to kneel down in front of Castiel in between his legs. Dean stayed over last night since they’re both going to the fun run together – something that surprised Castiel considering Dean’s still not the biggest fan of running – but Castiel and his friends are doing it so he said he might as well.
“You’ve always been a smart one, Dean. In fact, you’re one of the most intelligent men I’ve ever met in my life. But right now, you’re just being plain stupid,” Dimarus says, shaking his head in Dean’s direction from where he sits. Dean crosses his arms, defiant, and takes a step towards Dimarus’ desk.
Catharlo almost wishes he hadn’t asked. Emery had looked vaguely guilty but ever since he’s noticed his shoulders are less tense, the hesitation gone from his eyes.
Castiel lifts his hands, trying to calm the rate of his heart. Free shackles – thankfully not chained to the wall – latch onto his hands. The guard winks at him before leaving the cell.
“Got anything to recommend?” Castiel says, eyes scanning the menu now. Dean stares at him a moment before shaking his head.
He almost startles a laugh out of himself at the thought. How did he get here, he wonders, as he gazes down over the curve of Castiel’s jaw, the shape of his lips, the flutter of his lashes.
"No, I really liked this guy, okay?" he starts, and he's so upset that his chest is beginning to physically hurt. "He seemed really sweet and now he thinks I'm some heartless jackass who just blew him off and all because you're being a dickhead for no fucking reason!"
"Are you sure? You know you can tell me anything," he whispers, meaning every word. Because he may not be so good at comforting but he likes to think he's getting there. And if physical touch doesn't come to him naturally, then words might be easier.
It’s like his whole-body senses when Dean arrives – like out of all the sixth senses he could have gained this is the one he ended up with – and he strains himself not to glance in the man’s direction. It’s almost impossible though with his loud laugh and all of his friends conversing
Dean’s eyes are hesitant, his tongue poking out to wet his lips. And then, “Show me them.” Castiel pauses for a few seconds, chest starting to heave. And then he does, his large, black wings appearing behind him, the feathers ruffling.
But then he speaks, still harsh but quiet now and he says something Castiel never thought he’d hear him say.
Because before he’s even made it to the library to study, three people have already come up to him, hailing him a champ for taking the cheater down a peg.
He closes his eyes and exhales. Dean stumbles backwards so quickly, he falls onto the floor with a heavy thud but his eyes don’t leave the long, black wings that arch from Castiel’s back.
And he’s always thought that it would have been better if he had never entered that castle. Or if he had hated Dean until the very end. It would have been easier then, all of this.
, he thinks. If Castiel wants to play it like that, that’s his problem. Dean’s not one to back down from a challenge. Dean’s not one to back down from anyone – no matter how good of a fighter they are.
“It must be another trap,” Emery says. Castiel fumbles for another rock on the floor before throwing it out into the corner. Just as it did before, spikes descend from the ceiling, sensing the rocks presence.
Dean's eyes are wide and panicked. "Cas," he breathes, and Castiel almost melts at the sound before he remembers himself. Before his eyes go hard, filled with venom. Dean rushes towards him, landing on his knees on the hard ground as his hands reach for either side of his face but Castiel jerks away from his touch.
“Leave,” he begs, hands gripping his own hair tightly. Castiel rolls onto his feet slowly and falls to his knees down in front of him with a thud. Why does he hope like this?
Now they are heading together to speak to the Captain of the Guard. He’s still trying to get some more answers on what happened to the men that vanished from the castle. Luckily, he was able to find that their Captain was still here, although he hasn’t been able to speak to him since the healers have been tending to him. Reyne wonders about that too for no fighting took place between them and the angels that stormed the castle.
It’s a surprise when Castiel’s cold hands find his chest, resting there as he pushes closer, their noses grazing. It’s soft and slow and yet Dean shivers. The desire for him to reach out for more is overhwleming. He wants to circle his arms around Castiel’s waist and pull him closer. He wants to graze his hands over every inch of his skin, have Castiel breath hotly against his neck like he did that very night. Crumble beneath him.
“You’re up early,” he says, sitting down beside him. Castiel turns, eyes wide and hair even more absurdly dishevelled than he’s ever seen, before smiling.
if she flicks him in the ear when he complains too much. “You know what I mean.” Leda pauses, eyes fixing on where Castiel still sits.
Beside him, Michael doesn’t speak nor turn to look at him. He seems different. There is something in his gaze, in the way he holds himself taut, as though holding himself together by a string.
Michael looks down and Castiel waits. Waits so long he’s unsure whether or not he will get a response.
Dean places a dramatic hand over his heart. “I thought you were the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen,” Dean says, dramatically quoting the line from the
That under all the influence of the God of Darkness, when Michael understood what had been done to him, he still could not bring himself to speak it, afraid that it was not true.
“And not only that but to be the only thing standing in the way of the demon. I was young.” Castiel doesn’t have to say what’s on his mind. Dean can see it in the purse of his lips, the shadow of his eyes. And Dean can’t imagine that feeling. Being only ten years of age. Being free of pain for the first time since he was born. A blessing.
He gestures to Sam that he is done and for him to tell Dimarus all he wants. He has nowhere to be. He can take as little or as long as he wants.
Catharlo breathes heavily, thoughts turning over and over in his head. He finally meets Emery’s eyes again then.
It’s another night where he’s waiting for the students to show up before starting the session, still seated in the grandstand with his feet propped up on the chair in front of him. He’s scrolling through his phone mindlessly whilst also eavesdropping in on Dean’s conversation with Victor, Benny and Michael where they’re all standing around at the bottom of the stand. Although in Castiel’s defence it isn’t eavesdropping if they are practically shouting their conversation out to the rest of the world.
It is not much to go on. But it is something at least. And knowing where they are heading now – hopefully it will cut some time from their journey.
Reyne wakes with a start, sweat dripping down his forehead. It’s one of those nights. The ones with nightmares. Or more accurately, memories. A peek out the window shows it’s still dark but multiple people are already bustling around. He must have overslept. He sighs, rising from his bedding.
He swallows, taking the first of the food and holding it out in his hand as he eats some of his own.
“I was only going to send for breakfast,” Castiel mumbles, hands clenched into fists at his sides and Dean embarrassingly ducks his head.
Dean shoves him hard against the wall once more but his head drops and his lower lip starts to tremble. Castiel’s heart twinges, that guilt rising up in full now.
But that’s the issue, isn’t it? It is embarrassing. Humiliating. And now he knows that somehow everyone knows. Everyone knows about
Dean’s a few steps away when he finally notices he’s on the phone to someone, twirling his fingers in the cord of his headphones.
“Right,” Dean says, but he doesn’t go to walk away. Castiel flicks his gaze towards the ground, his eyes filled with something Dean can’t quite make out and walks back towards the horses.
“Well, I can assure you I am,” Castiel says, and Dean nods, eyes flashing with relief. He bites his lips as though pondering over something and Castiel’s about to speak himself when Dean beats him to it.
And if it does all work out, only then can he finally let his guard down completely – only then will that loneliness fade and he can finally be his complete self. Be free.
Castiel’s heart races, swords raised, watching as blood pools on the portal from the wound in Patrus’ chest.
"Castiel," she says, voice quiet. "We're so glad you're safe." Castiel’s fists clench behind his back, not returning the embrace. Although the woman doesn’t seem to mind. She leans back a moment, the other angels all watching intently now, as she ducks her head to meet his eyes.
Dean tries to restrain his smile as he climbs in next to him until their shoulders are brushing. His hands tangle together in his lap as he watches Castiel pulling up Netflix on his computer.
Dean swallows, his half-fried brain already thinking of an excuse. “Uh…yeah, okay, but maybe I should stay longer.”
They find a small café on campus for lunch and talk about random things like good local eats and what subjects they’re doing next semester although Dean spends most of the time gazing at Castiel and wishing there wasn’t a table dividing them.
“May I ask what that was all about?” he says and Castiel swallows, wanting desperately to sink into the earth.
Castiel shivers, his cheeks heating at the intimate touch. It’s still so strange. That he’s not repulsed by this – although there is still the overwhelming desire to jerk away, the desire to lean into the touch now overpowers it.
“You know, Castiel. I like you. And perhaps, I am biased. You are family after all.” Castiel’s stomach lurches, a scream trying hard to rip from his throat as he pulls and pulls and pulls, the best he can get is his limbs scrambling, scrabbling at the dirt. Not enough to release himself. Not enough to free himself from Patrus’ hold.
He stands, heading out to the hall just as Alissande exits Castiel’s chambers. Her head is down, lips pursed.
Two of the guards are building a fire when they hear it – a high pitched scream of a woman coming from the forest. The guards all jump to their feet, swords out in their hands in an instant. The scream echoes eerily off the hills – the forest cast in shadows, branches swaying and leaves rustling.
“I suppose so, Your Highness,” Castiel says, and tries his best to keep any mocking tone out of his voice. The prince stares at him for a few moments, no one saying anything, and Castiel stares straight back.
Catharlo’s not sure what to do now that they’re alone. The young man rakes with effort, his own eyes catching on the way Emery’s uniform pulls taut over his wide shoulders and the way the skin of his sharp collarbone peeks out from under his collar.
And he doesn’t speak it but he knows it’s true. Of course he would do the same. Despite the risk. But he is the Last Angel. He’s supposed to risk everything for this world. Not Dean. Dean is too…
Dean lets out a small laugh. “Understatement. He doesn’t really think getting into film as a ‘real job’.”
He hoped Dean hadn’t noticed the way he had not spoken of his grief. Of his raw, stripping pain. He just couldn’t bring himself to speak it. Even to Dean. As though there is something in his way but he’s unsure what it is.
“So...would you like me to perhaps accompany you to prom, tomorrow?” Dean asks, a tiny smirk hovering at the side of his mouth.
him anymore. But nothing happened. The words, 'we should break up' never left Castiel's lips or came through in a daunting text.
Dean feels his throat clog up, chest tightening. The paper is creased, looking as though it's been folded and unfolded multiple times.
Dean’s walking towards him when he hears, “--find someone else to fuck with, you prick. We’re not together anymore, Jesus, didn’t you get the fucking message?” Dean frowns, something sitting heavily in his stomach. Castiel looks up a moment later and sees him before lowering his voice. “I gotta go, alright.
And Dean’s lips are soft and his hands are warm and he knows that he’d kiss Dean some more if he was allowed.
He wants to watch the sun rise over Iowan, lighting up the sky with the purple and orange hues unique to his home.
Castiel breathes in all the courage he has. “Maybe I do not love you anymore, Michael. Not like I did when we were children.” And it pains it to say it even though it’s true. It pains him because they’ve both known it for years. But he’s never been brave enough to say it. “But it doesn’t matter. This isn’t about us anymore. We’re at the end, Michael. The fate of the world is upon us. So, you will finish what you started. You will help me defeat the demon and then…” Castiel takes another breath. “And then we will part ways and I will never think of you again.”
But the man in front of her stands still, frozen almost. And his face, he appears to be frightened. Of her?
Castiel stands in front of him, slinging his bag over his shoulder and Dean swallows, pushing himself up from his seat. But Castiel’s head is down, eyes on his phone as he walks straight past him, without even a glance in his direction.
And perhaps he doesn’t know how. But what he does know is the next step is finding the grace. The next step is to the east.
"Oh, thank you," Castiel responds, closing the door behind him. Dean walks straight over to the bookshelf.
They lose a few along the way, others staying behind to fend off more soldiers coming in from other directions. At least with no roof, there is always light guiding the dark halls.
Castiel watches as Sam smiles and laughs as they eat, eyes full of joy and kindness and attempts to think of Dean in the same way. He can imagine the smile – he’s seen it. Even a forced laugh but he can’t imagine the joy. And the kindness – even after Dean’s little gestures to help him and Alissande’s words – he can’t imagine that it comes from sympathy. More out of obligation.
Until they can’t be used against him. And he is left with nothing but the roaring power that flows through him and the will to fight until his very last breath.
“They wouldn’t have told anybody, we promised we wouldn’t.” And Dean knows it’s true. His friends might be assholes sometimes but they wouldn’t do that especially after they promised him. “Why? Dean.” He’s startled by a hand on his shoulder. “What the hell’s going on?”
Lifting his head, his eyes land on boots and he recalls his first meeting with Dean. It feels so long ago now but in reality, it’s only been a quarter of a cycle.
There’s a moment of silence as if he’s trying to summon up the effort to speak before he replies, “I will not lie about something I’m not.” That tiny relief fills Dean again. It’s not as though he thought Castiel would break so quickly but the fear still lingers. Because if he does before Dean can get him out, there’ll be no chance. If only he hadn’t put Castiel here in the first place.
Dean finally moves forward, reaching out and grasping Castiel’s hand in his. “You ready?” Castiel raises Dean’s hand to his lips, pressing a light kiss there before he nods.
He’s not sure how long into the movie they are – he’s not paying much attention to it – wallowing in the sinking feeling inside of him, Castiel wallowing in whatever’s happening with his ex, when he decides to fuck it and reaches across and grabs Castiel’s hand.
And it can’t be real. It can’t be true. Because his mother is dead. Taken from him over a decade ago.
Satisfied with Castiel’s answer, Dean speaks, “Yes, unfortunately we must get going but it was a pleasure to meet you all.” Dean nods and the ladies bow one last time before the two of them make their way back across the street to where the carriages are still being unloaded. There’s a tension between them now and Castiel can practically feel Dean itching to ask more questions.
Dean is still as he goes to pass him and he’s almost out the door when Dean shoots his hand out to grasp his right wrist and pulls it towards him roughly, palm facing up. And Castiel lets him.
"So," Charlie says, clapping her hands together. "Once the guards finish their search, we'll send you off. I’m not sure how long it will take but I've already got a route in mind that I believe is safest to go by."
Salicar runs a frustrated hand down over his face. “Someone give him a few more hits so we can get this over with.” A slight hesitation, but after a moment one guard steps forward and gives Castiel a few more blows to the stomach.
They walk on for a long while like that, in the quiet, Michael trudging far up ahead of them – only ever turning occasionally to make sure he hasn’t lost them.
Orderic rambles beside him as Dean sneaks glances through the nearest shelf where he can see Castiel on the other side, flpping through a book. He grunts whenever he can to let Orderic know that he’s listening as the lesson drags on. He doesn’t want to look at Castiel but he can’t help himself. His jaw is darkened with stubble and his hair is in need of a cut – curling around the back of his ears.
When he wakes on the third day after battle, it is still dark. He turns his head to find that Castiel isn’t there. Nor is Michael’s body. He sits up, alert now, looking around for any sign of him.
The moment he slips back into his own chambers, his knees buckle beneath him, and he falls heavily to the floor. His heart is beating a mile a minute and his head is throbbing with the amount of information he is trying to process and piece together.
When Castiel drifts away once more, he dreams of their time here in the castle before it became even more complicated. Even more painful.
And suddenly he doesn’t feel so steady. For only now does he really feel the power that flows through him. The power of an angel.
Dean presses his face into Castiel’s chest, his warm skin muffling the groan that spills from his lips, one hand gripping Castiel’s hip tight, the other digging nails into his thigh.
“Helloo, Doctor Novak,” sing-songed Balthazar - Doctor Roche - in that clipped, sardonic, English way of his as he came into the room. “Are you expecting someone else?”
Cas opened the top, squeezing a good amount from it, before leading a slicked-up finger to Dean’s entrance. They groaned in unison as Dean’s body gave way, sucking Cas greedily inside.
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Castiel whispered, his look knowing exactly what Dean and his family had gone through.
Castiel reached down and threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair gripping it tight. He rocked back trying to take Dean’s tongue deeper but Dean gripped his inner thighs tight leaving no room to question who was in charge now.
“Fuck, how damn selfish can you be? You might as well have died in that car crash too! You walk around like a ghost and no one’s seen you at home in ages. Jo’s the only one who even knows anything about how you’re doing, and that’s because she works there with you! I have had enough, dammit. You’re going to stop it.”
“She was smart and witty and beautiful,” Sam explained, a soft smile on his face. “She had so much life and positivity, it drove both me and my brother mad. That’s how I got into interpreting services, too. Eileen was deaf, and meeting her sparked something new in me.”
“I guess that is because as far as John and Sam are concerned, I don’t exist,” Dean explained hotly before storming out of the room. “I think it’s best if you just go back to your
“No... he locked himself in his office when he got home, so I didn’t exactly get a chance to ask,” said Sam. He wasn’t about to tell them his dad had been in a terrible, terrible mood when he got home so he stuck to his room the rest of the evening. Or about the fight that had woken him up this morning and had still been going on when he snuck out right before lunch.
The funny thing was, Dean was sure nobody would be looking at Sam that way if he was here instead, even though John had only been a few months older when he had his second child.
“I thought you wanted to get in that one. Am I missing something?” asked Mary and Dean got the urge to run to his room and be done with this conversation.
A half open door she’d never really paid attention to greeted her. She hesitated, peeking into what looked like an office. In all the time she had been to the Winchesters house, that door had been firmly shut. Looking behind her to make sure nobody could see her, Charlie pushed the door a little wider.
“Because it was fun watching you try to find something to say about her. Plus, it was nice to hear someone other than me talk about her that way. I talk so much about her that the gang made a rule that I could only talk about her for a straight hour every day, or I would have to paint the girl’s nails or something like that. They stopped trying to time me after a month.”
With that, Sam followed the principal into his office all the while giving his so called friends a look that said ‘What the hell have you done now?’ Whatever they had done it must have something to do with Dean, if all the commotion in the cafeteria was any indication...
“We-we got into an argument at the end. He’s mad at me for getting him in trouble.” One look at his mom and Dean knew he would have to come clean. “Do you remember, about a week ago, when I told you that we had to sign up for an extra class? I might have taken Sam’s name off the gym sign-up sheet and put it on the literature one.” Even though he knew he might have gone about it the wrong way, Dean was certain he had put Sam on the list he truly wanted to be on and that deep, deep down Sam was happier with this arrangement.
“Is this Eileen?” asked Cas as he picked up one of the photos on the mantle. Coming up behind him, Dean rested his head on his shoulder to look down at the photo Cas was referring to.
He and Castiel stayed at the restaurant till closing and then the two of them drove around town for rest of the evening. Dean showed Castiel all the best places in town and told him about some of the shenanigans he and his friends had been up to in some of the places. In return, Castiel showed Dean where he lived which was in a big, nice looking house. Neither of the boys commented on the fact that they could see the Winchester house from there.
“Hmmm, I guess you haven't been good,” he said, hanging his stethoscope back around his neck, then picking up Castiel’s notes and reading them.
“It’s okay, I think she knew. Did you have to wait long?” asked Dean as he started on his pie. He didn’t think he had ever waited so long to start eating when he’d the pie right in front of him.
After unlocking his front door and picking up the mountain of mail on the floor, Dean showed Clarie towards the cabinet in the living room where he kept all the board games Charlie had brought over. There was a lot more of them then Dean had remembered and it took Clarie a moment to take them all in before she started pulling them out, one after the other. As Clarie looked through the different games and sorted them in piles after reading the backs, Dean went back into the hall, near enough that he could keep an eye on her but far enough that he could have little privacy.
After what felt like forever, he finally managed to get his breathing back under control and the world around him slowed down again. He was vaguely aware of Castiel asking if he was okay now but all he could muster the energy for was to blink. He didn’t catch the worried look the two brothers shared. Two sets of hands gripped him under the arms, a lot more careful than last time, and helped him stand. Every nerve in his body was on fire.
“You doing okay, Cassy?” asked Gabriel as soon as the door shut behind Bobby, leaving him and Castiel alone with the sleeping Dean.
“Ohh, don’t worry about it. I came here right after school and I managed to finish all my homework. Then I started reading my dad’s next book and I totally lost track of time. He usually makes me a copy and asks me for my opinion before he has them published,” Castiel answered as he picked up the book to show it to Dean.
“Oh, you did, did you?” Balthazar teased, as he wrote on Castiel’s notes. “Doctor Winchester, and just about every other doctor in this hospital is dealing with a major incident.” He completed Castiel’s observations and wrote these down too.
One thing was for sure though, if he ever wanted to look Bobby in the eyes again, all thoughts of John Winchester’s weird behavior had to wait because Gabriel was having way to much fun taking advantage of Dean’s drugged state by asking Dean what he loved most about Castiel.
“Some things shouldn't be sweet,” Dean answered, raising an eyebrow as he glanced over at the honey. “Coffee is one of them.”
thought Charlie and felt her eyes widen, almost comically in disbelief. Her whole life, except for the movie night incident, Sam had never so much as looked at her if she wasn’t with Dean. Now he wanted something from her and, truth be told, it scared her. A lot! Not that she would ever let him find out about that. She had long ago learned from all of her favorite games, movies, and books that you should never show your enemies your weaknesses. And you should never make a deal with the devil.
Cas blinked in slight confusion, seeing Balthazar leaning against the doorway of the office. “Um… nothing,” Cas answered quickly.
Three straight days of snow meant that they had to close both the garage and the lot. Castiel hadn’t seemed inclined to kick him out, so they upacked his television and watched Christmas movies on his couch by the light of the tree. This morning it had stopped, the air bright and crisp with a few lazy flakes drifting down from time to time. Dean had made pancakes, which they hadn’t eaten, and after cleaning maple syrup out of their hair and off the kitchen floor, Castiel decided it was time to face the boxes.
“Sam still upstairs?” John asked walking past her, not even stopping to get an answer. A moment later, she heard raised voices before a door slammed shut. A part of her wanted to know what was going on upstairs but she didn’t want to be caught eavesdropping. Making her way to the front door, she rounded the same corner John just had come from.
“Oh! Thanks, Charlie. Remind me to thank Benny tomorrow,” said Dean as Charlie handed over his stuff. “You mind waiting while I take a quick shower?” asked Dean, who was already half naked.
“Dean! Why haven’t you gone home? Your shift ended half an hour ago. And why have you still not spoken to Sam?”
Fergus' cheeks turned slightly pink and he shrugged, but Anna nudged him and stood to give them both a hug. "I know you're important to Castiel," she whispered into Dean's ear, "and that means you're important to us. Merry Christmas."
Welp, the chapter is up. With this chapter I bring to you some smut, with a side on fluff and an interrupting moose.
For once, life was good for Dean. Of course, all good things must come to an end; without fail, it all came crashing down.
All the lights in the house were off except one in the living room. Which could mean two things, either his mom was up waiting for him, or she had already gone to sleep and left one for him knowing he would be home late.
Dean entered Cas' room, and shut the door behind him with a smile. When Dean had gone downstairs, Cas had been spread out, sleeping on his stomach, with his arm still extended towards Dean's side of the bed; now he was curled up into a fetal position, snoring softly, with only the top of his head visible above the blankets. Grinning, Dean set down the food on the side table, and climbed into the blankets, crawling to hover over his sleeping boyfriend. He softly turned Cas, so he was lying on his back. Cas sniffled, but thankfully didn't wake up.
Dean was quiet for a moment, thinking. Did he remember anything that actually happened? He could’ve sworn he saw his da--
When a smile broke out on Luc’s face, Dean knew they were gonna get along just fine. It didn’t surprise him when the hand that gripped his was strong and firm. “Lucifer, but almost everyone calls me Luc. And don’t believe anything those two tell you, I always get blamed for everything.”
“Ha! And you said I was bad. At least I have seen the movies,” called Jo from where she was locking the door.
“Of course, I’m not going anywhere. I just don’t understand, the staff said you were on your way here.”
“SAM!” Castiel showed up out of nowhere behind Sam and he was far from happy. “I get that you are hurting right now, but you have
“Ew, Dean!” Sam scowled, causing Dean to cackle, though he was glad Sam remained on the line instead of hanging up on him. “As happy as I am for you, I don’t need to know all of the details, okay?”
Before Dean could asked him more about it, Mr. Devereaux had opened up a picture of Castiel. “From this picture on his brother’s facebook account, I presume Castiel was involved with a pretty little thing called Meg before he moved here.”
your son! At least that what you and Sam keep telling me!” Dean spun around, giving John his back, and walked away. Thankfully this time, John didn’t follow.
It takes a moment for any movement to be noticeable inside and in that moment Dean cycles through a myriad of emotions. Panic, anxiety, excitement, fear, arousal…
“Fuck me!” he begged and almost before the words left his mouth, Cas was fucking Dean at a brutal pace, hitting his prostate hard with each thrust. Dean had never been so turned on before- he couldn’t catch his breath and his hard cock slapping against his stomach was the only stimulation he was getting, yet he was sure he could come from that alone. At this point, he was sure that not even the apocalypse could force him to stop. Little
Charlie got so carried away in their conversation that she completely forgot that she was supposed to met Dean in the locker room.
They were three songs in when Castiel reached forward to turn the sound down a few clicks, shifting his weight in the seat to angle his body towards Dean.
It took Dean a moment to realize what it was that woke him. There was someone knocking on the bedroom’s door. Quite insistently, in fact. It was much too light to be Sam, so whoever it was had to be looking for Castiel.
Cas smiles and nods, unable to keep his own tears from slipping. This time last year, obligation to Jimmy's memory and his niece pushed him to come here, to do something he'd never have done on his own, and he ended up with more than he ever could’ve imagined. He's not a religious man, but he likes to think his twin had a hand in this, wherever he is. He tips his head back, licks his lips as the first few flakes shimmer in the air. "Thank you, Jimmy," he whispers.
“Thank you again, Dean,” Castiel said as he placed his bowl on the coffee table and reached for a bag that was lying beside it. From the rattle inside, Dean could tell it held his medications.
After kissing Cas goodbye, Dean locked up the house and slowly made his way back to the living room to get his meds before heading up stairs. Due to not getting proper sleep last night, his mom had gone to bed early. She’d offered him her bed again, but Dean assured her he would manage to climb the stairs.
The fourth rule was that Dean and Castiel would have to sit next to each other. Preferably, with no one on their other sides. So, no sitting on the same couch as Dean.
Finding Charlie had never been hard for Dean. He knew all of the spots she liked to hang at and knew which ones to go to depending on her state of mind. After one quick stop, he found her exactly where he thought he would. She was sitting on the floor, back up against the fantasy shelf in the library, with her knees drawn up and her sleeves pulled over her fingers. It was a sure sign that she was hurting. She was so deep into
Dean gave another shrug, sinking back into the pillows on Cas’ bed. They were still warm and smelled like Cas, and Dean resisted the urge to roll over and hug one to his chest. Yes, his brother was aware he was infatuated with his new boyfriend, he didn’t need to see exactly how much.
Since they were all sitting so close together, Dean couldn't help but notice how Cas’ arms tightened around Claire when the mother died in the movie. Where his hand was resting on Cas’ thigh, Dean gave him a little squeeze before resting his head on Cas’ shoulder. A second later, Cas’ head joined his.
So they cleaned up, whisking away all trace of the upacking spree, and Castiel put the pictures back into the box without lingering over it. When they were done, it was the very picture of a home.
“Why are you still standing there? This bed is big enough for two and it’s cold without you,” said Dean, closing his eyes again and pressing himself deeper into the comforter.
“I wish I could take the credit for that, but you’re going to have to thank my mom. I don’t know how she does it, but she seems to have a sixth sense about what people like or dislike.”
“Oh, just you wait, Winchester,” Charlie smirked and hit him on the shoulder before standing up, “after I’m done with you two?” She grinned wide and pushed up off the ground. “He’s going to be the best man at your wedding!”
“It’s me, I promise,” said Castiel before reaching over and kissing Dean lightly on the lips. “I have wanted to do that all day. Remind me, why haven’t we told your friends about us again?”
“It’s probably getting late, I should get going now,” said Castiel before standing up and begun to gather his stuff. Taking a look around him, he noticed that they were the only once left. “Wait, where is everyone?”
“Who?” asked Castiel, slightly shocked having heard the woman who was always so calm and happy sound so angry.
“Yeah, but according to Benny, it didn’t take John long to get Sam and his friends to tell him who it was,” explained Castiel. “Look on the bright side, thanks to you, John let everyone go right after he came back! The class didn’t need to sit through
“Can you take this to the booth all the way in the back for me? I need to go check on the oven. Thanks, sweety!” And with that, she was gone.
Dean hoped his smile didn’t look as dopey as he felt, and they both turned slightly, watching the father pull the tree out to let his son examine the backside.
After everyone had changed into dry clothes, Bobby took them out to eat. He bought Dean the biggest slice of pie available for desert, asking Dean to tell him every play, even though he’d seen it. Dean did so happily, recalling the entire game for Bobby, everything that happened in the match right up till his mom sent him to bed.
In all honesty, Dean had no idea what Charlie was referring to, but he had seen her dig up stuff that shouldn’t be possible so he was not about to take the chance that she had some dirt on him.
"I know, right! I would banish her from the gang if we would still have access to the Roadhouse without her," Charlie nodded her head seriously before ducking away from the pillow Jo threw at her. "Lucky for her, I
Castiel took a tentative sip, expecting the coffee to not be to his taste at all, but being pleasantly surprised to find that it was exactly how he liked it. “H-how did you know…?” He stammered, then trailed off.
"Christmas is about giving, Dean," Cas replied, winking at him. "I promise you, they're not expecting anything."
“Mom was a caseworker, focusing mostly on troubled teens and their families. She was good at what she did and was given high profile cases sometimes, requiring a bit of travel…” He explained how she’d gone up north a bit, an area in the mountains that had minimal signal if you were lucky, and that she hadn’t been. She had planned on filling up the tank at the bases of the mountain, but the car broke down, and once the gas ran out so did the heat. She didn’t have any emergency supplies in the company car, was unable to call for a tow-truck, and had to wait.
“Not in this class. Trust me,” said Dean. Then, as if to prove Dean’s point, Mr. Devereaux started lecturing one of the girls in the front about how the ‘government was tracking her through social media’.
Dean slowly got up from the couch, grabbed his backpack from where he left it next to the door and made his way to his room. When he got there, he closed his door and leaned against it. For what felt like the first time that day, he had a moment to himself and he had absolutely no energy to walk five more steps to his bed. Sliding down to the floor, Dean pulled out his phone from where he had stored it in his backpack to see that he had five new messages. It didn’t surprise him that most of them were from Charlie. In fact, he was kind of shocked there weren’t more from her. Charlie had the habit off blaming herself for things that weren’t really her fault.
“If you have doubts, it’s not the one.” He let it fall back against the stand and then clapped the pine needles free from his hands. “Alright, moving on!” He waved his arm forward, smiling as Castiel fell in step with him, their elbows brushing as they wandered to the end of the aisle.
With each word John seemed to get more and more angry. “What are you doing here Robert? Aside from sticking your nose in things that have nothing to do with you.”
believe was that Castiel wanted to be there. The last few times Dean and Cas hung out, Castiel had mentioned he felt bad for excluding Sam lately. As doubtful as Dean was about this being a good idea, he didn’t want to start his relationship out by coming in between his boyfriend and his best friend. No way did he want Castiel to hold that against him.
It also wasn’t surprising that Dean, Jo, and Benny were the last three to be picked. Since Alastair had gotten to pick first, Lucifer ended up having to choose two of the three of them for his team. To say that he was not happy with that would be an understatement. Especially since he knew that he would end up with Dean.
Sam tossed the end to him, waiting for Dean to secure the rope around the base of the tree, the brothers working flawlessly to lift the tree to the top of the van. They secured it quickly, tossing the rope back and forth from each side of the vehicle. Just as they finished, the kids were racing towards the car.
While both an exaggeration and Doctor Novak being a beautiful man, there was no reason why Dean shouldn’t have been able to control his libido around him. For fucks sake, he has to work with the man. Granted, it wouldn’t be everyday they saw each other once Castiel was well...
Sam nodded his head, eyes glancing to the bottom of the screen. “There’s only two Novak brothers, you know. And since I’m dating the oldest, I’m going to assume you and Castiel?”
“Charlie, I’m not really feeling a drink right now. I’d rather just go home and crawl into bed,” Dean argued, allowing her to lead him through the hallway to the elevator. They were thankfully the only ones on it because she crowded him against the back wall, wrapping her arms around his waist and plastering her to his chest.
Castiel tried very hard not to show Dean how pleased he was at finding out that Jo wasn't his significant other, but he could tell he wasn't doing a great job of it. When he replied, even he could hear that his voice had gotten lower. And that was without the effect of the lung infection.
For the next few hours as they continued to get everything ready, they ended up in one of their usual discussions: When are Ellen and Bobby going to get their heads out off their asses and get together?
“God, Dean,” Castiel keened as he met his eyes, “you feel so good buried deep inside me.” Heat coiled deep in the pit of Castiel’s stomach. “So close, I’m so close,” Castiel panted as he ramped up his pace, chasing his orgasm.
“The Kenningston family just got their tree. Need your help getting it up on their roof. Don’t want to make Molly help me at seven months pregnant.”
Castiel gave a small nod. So, sue him, he was curious and if Sam had done something bad enough to estrange his brother…
“As most of you know, I was young and stupid once. I went down the same road you are all heading down now. When I was around your age, I had a --”
The knot in Dean’s stomach loosened, but he didn’t say anything, just waiting. Watching Castiel as he played with the mug of cocoa.
“Great, I should be done with pastor Jim’s car by then.” When the clock turned three, Dean had finished fixing Pastor Jim’s car. In fact, he had finished that car before noon and finished everything he could on a mustang had found out back a while ago as well. It was one of the more promising cars Bobby had laying around and he was well on his way of puzzling her together again. Hopefully, he would get it up and running with pieces from the other cars scattered around the yard. That way Bobby could sell it and come out in plus from once. All he needed for the Mustang was to find a working battery that fitted, but he didn’t have the time to go out back to look for one so he went to get his baby instead. Last time when he had been looking for spare parts for the mustang he had found some parts he wanted to replace in the Impala laying around. If he was lucky he would have time to put them in place before his three o'clock showed up or after depending on how long it would take to fix it.
. They did everything together when Benny was little, but then all of the sudden his dad just moved away. Last and the least, we have Ash. I’m not sure why he’s in this group, it might be just because we are always together. As far as I know his parents and him get along great. But then again, as far as I know, Ash could be from another planet. You will have to come up with a better story though if you want to take over from me as the one with most the daddy issues.”
"Yes." Cas looks around at their blended family and friends talking and joking, reaching for cups of cocoa from the platter Ash is dutifully trying not to drop. He turns and wraps his arms around Dean's waist, sighs happily when Dean returns the embrace. It's perfect.
distracted, but you already knew that.” Dean side eyed his boyfriend who had the decency to look sheepish about it.
Dean laughed and nodded his head. “Yeah, plus, you can have me and Sammy lug whatever sucker you pick over to your car, and just to sweeten the deal, we’ll even tie it all down for you. No mishaps on the highway and you only have to do half of the heavy lifting.”
"It was nice meeting you and I'll ask if it’s alright if we go to your place tonight instead of what we had planned," said Castiel before he was out the door.
“If you say so,” Mary conceded, balancing the tray on her hip with one arm. “Why don’t you try to get some more rest.”
Taking it and looking inside, Claire, with an unimpressed look, said, “You’re giving me your wallet? There’s not very much in it.”
Determined to get some work done, Castiel pulled his bag close, perched his black framed glasses on his nose, and took out a folder containing a stack of cases along with his favorite red pen. Reading through the paper on the top of the stack, he marked a few errors and made corrections and notes in the margin. Reading a paragraph about a coronary bypass three different times caused him to tilt his head back on his pillow, his eyes closing and mind wandering. Hazy images of green floated by, that may or may not have been attached to a man in a white doctor's coat. He dozed, red pen still hovering over the paper he was editing.
Castiel blinked as he turned and met Dean’s eyes, confusion flittering across his face for a moment. “No, no kids and definitely no wife.”
Castiel gave her a soft smile, reaching over to squeeze her hands. “I appreciate how much you care, and you are right -- what happens in my life is your business, because that’s how our family works. Come here.”
“And leave my baby all alone? Sorry Cas, I can’t do that to her,” said Dean as they made their way into the car. “You’re going to learn to love her just like everybody else. Just wait and see.”
The man, it seemed, was under the same spell. He stared back at Dean for just as long, his eyes widening suddenly when a shrill screech of a child somewhere further on in the parking lot made them both jump.
They used the time while they waited for the food to get to know one another better, filling each other in on their day and stories from their childhood. It was comfortable, easy and relaxing. Dean had gone on few dates before, but they had all felt awkward and forced. This one just felt right. He and Castiel just clicked and there weren’t any awkward silence that needed to be filled.
Dean looked up at the nameless nurse, hoping she had information about Chuck’s wife. Unfortunately, the nurse grimaced at him, shaking her head. Dean knew that meant she was one of those who didn’t make it. “I’ll find out what I can,” Dean said, hoping his tone didn’t give him away. Chuck needed to be more stable before receiving the news that his wife didn’t survive the accident.
Castiel realised that he was craning his neck, to see past Balthazar, and he had been caught out, as it were. “No, not at all.” He coughed then, in an attempt to distract Balthazar from his all too obvious interest in who didn’t come through the door.
“You are a sight, Dean Winchester.” Castiel snorted and shoved Dean’s shoulder, causing the other man to roll off the top of him and rest beside him. Both Dean and Castiel turned onto their sides facing each other.
things and could see right through him, every damn time. So he did what any sane man would do and turned right around, walking back the way he came.
Before he could finish, Jo stepped on his foot, grateful for the couch in front of them so that Dean couldn't see.
“Yes!” Castiel cried out as Dean added a third finger and grazed his prostate. He claimed Dean’s lips, panting against them as he started to grind down on Dean’s fingers. “So good,” he groaned as Dean struck that special spot over and over. “Fuck me, I’m ready.” Castiel clutched Dean’s shoulders as his dick twitched between them. “Get your boxers off now, I wanna ride your cock, Dean.”
After getting Cas’ number, he spent every moment he could texting back and forth with him. But it didn’t matter how hard he tried -- Castiel wouldn’t budge! He couldn’t get anything out of the other boy about what he had planned for the weekend. By the time he went to sleep on Friday, he’d imagined about a hundred possible ways their date could play out.
“Dean, school ended over an hour ago,” Castiel said softly, like he was talking to a small child who was still half asleep. Which Dean was. Half asleep, that is. Dean was far from being a child. Or small, thank you very much! It didn’t matter that his so-called brother happened to be freakishly tall.
“You’re quiet,” Dean mumbled softly, making Castiel open his eyes again. Dean turned his head slowly, laying back down so his ear was over Cas’ heart, and looked met Cas’ eyes. “What are you thinking about?”
The first thing Dean saw as the morning sun woke him up was a 5x8 printed photo, the edges slightly worn and the tape against the wall yellowed. In it, he couldn’t be more than seven years old. His clothes were dirty, jeans ripped around a big red bruise on his knee, and he had a missing front tooth, leaving a big hole in his smile. His smile, however, reached from ear to ear as he held up a gold medal towards the camera, a football under his other arm.
He heard Cas moan louder, and realized that he had woken up when a hand rested on top of his head, over the blanket. Dean redoubled his efforts and sucked
Dean turned the paper around and skimmed through it, the corners of his mouth turning down in a frown as he reads.
“Bye Dean,” and with that Castiel was gone. Since Dean was now all alone and he knew Bobby would keep an eye on the reception, he put an AC/DC cassette on in the Impala, cracked up the volume and went to work on Cas’s car.
“You’re impossible,” Sam quipped back, smiling. “I don’t think Luc has anything going on this week in the evenings, so why don’t you two get back to us on what day works best for you? I don’t have any cases this week, so I’ll be home at a reasonable hour.”
Before Castiel could answer, his phone starting ringing. Seeing it was Dean’s mother, he wasted no time in answering. “Hi, Mary. Are you here yet?”
about how awesome Castiel had been to get Dean the Impala for the night. The only thing Dean left out was how hard it was to return it to Bobby’s the day after.
The only thing that made the detention durable was that Dean had been determined to not have John ruin his good mood before his non-date with Castiel. Dean hoped he hadn’t given up on waiting for him... Straight after his detention, Dean considered calling Castiel to let him know that he would be a little bit late, but as he took his phone up from his pocket he had realized that they had never exchanged phone numbers. He, of course, checked what number the SMS was from, but it had come from a blocked number so no luck there.
Dean gnaws on his lip. Bobby's right, of course. When he outlined his plan, everyone was on board. Everyone thought it was amazing. He wishes he could feel that certainty again right now.
“Of course it is.” Balthazar soothes. “But here’s the thing. Castiel left this here,” Seemingly out of nowhere, he produces a brown leather satchel that Dean intany recognises. It was sitting on the chair in Castiel’s room, just out of reach, every time he’d visited. “And he’ll be frightfully annoyed if he doesn’t have his notes with him at home. I told him he should be recuperating and not overworking himself but…” Balthazar shrugs and holds the satchel out to Dean. “You wouldn’t mind dropping this off for him on your way home, would you?”
Shortly behind him walked Kali with a handful of bowls, all full of different fruits and berries, which she handed off to the kids
“Nearly three in the morning,” Dean answered, tucking his shirt into his pants and smiling when Cas groaned again in protest.
Cas shrugged and stared out the window, picking at his shirt. "I had to remove a transplant applicant from the list today."
Apparently, Sam and Cas had worked out whatever it was that had been going on between them and were now spending every waking hour together. And Sam was not taking the fact that he had to share Castiel well.
Dean grinned at him. "Oh, yeah. We had a slumber party, ate cookies. I braided his hair and we talked about boys."
Dean pulled Castiel down for a fevered kiss, all teeth tongue and passion, both uncaring of the mess smearing between them. Castiel broke the kiss with a nip to Dean’s bottom lip.
“Fuck, yes, Cas.” Dean bucked his hips up, letting his legs fall to the side and Cas settle further between them. He could feel Cas smirking against his skin, his hands now moving over Dean’s thighs, brushing against the sensitive skin between his legs. Cas’ hands were suddenly gone, the chill of the air as he moved back almost shocking, and Dean opened his eyes wide to watch as Cas reached for the foil packet.
It took everything in his power to bite his tongue and nod without glaring. Of course, Jo had to open her mouth. Dean loved her like a sister, but there were times he wished she would just let things go and not make a big deal out of them, especially when Dean suffered for it.
“Where are we going?” Cas asked as they left the house, Dean locking the door behind them and then reaching for Cas’ hand. Even though it was a short walk to the car, the heat and pressure from Cas’ hand in his own made him smile and his heart race.
Dean sighed, scowling with it sprayed a fine dusting of crumbs over his chest. Charlie, thankfully, pretended she didn’t noticed and hid her smirk behind another loud crunch.
With that, she opened the door and let them inside. Dean was sitting upright in his bed when they walked in, looking at the cast on his arm like it was the most bizarre thing in the universe. A young man stood next to him, putting up medical bags, and sent Dean a fond smirk every time Dean started poking his cast.
“No, but I didn’t really give Sam a chance to say anything. Doctor Novak said hello to Sam, apologized for getting sick and messing up their date…”
“Yeah,” Charlie nodded and shifted the book slightly on the table before pushing it away and sitting up straighter, “I don’t remember what I was trying to say before your phone rang but I think I might have figured out what we can do to get your grades up. We have a pair project coming up, I’m pretty sure I can get Donna to pair us up. I have done it a few times before, I can probably do it again.”
“Well, partially right,” Dean said after a moment, smiling softly as Castiel’s eyes flicked back over to him. “I’m one of the Winchester’s in Winchester’s Auto.”
“Claire!” Amelia scolded, getting a huff and an eye roll that Dean was sure Amelia knew was happening, despite Claire facing away from her.
“No,” Dean agreed, shaking his head. There wasn’t much he could remember about their dad being in the service, most of the times they’d been relocated Dean was too young to remember. Most of his childhood memories came from beneath the hood of a car and playing in the office of the garage. But the way his father talked about the Marines, well, sometimes Dean felt like he’d never left the service.
“I’m trying to find something to wear!” Dean replied, trying not to sound as exasperated as he felt. “You can either help me out or get out. Your choice.”
“I’ll help you! I pretty good at researching so if you don’t like doing research I can do all that,” offered Sam.
Dean nodded, biting back a groan. Ever the gentleman, there was no way he could deny Castiel such a perfect request. He brushed his knuckles over the zipper of Castiel’s jeans before popping the button open with his thumb, sliding his hands down Castiel’s thick thighs as he pressed up onto his knees.
I really struggled with this chapter - these guys just did not want to let me into their private time at all. But, I got it done.. and apologies in advance for the unbeta'd chapter. All mistakes and head hopping and gross errors are my own because I have horrible mom brain. lol
In Cas’ hand was a photo of Sam standing with a young woman in his arms and Dean’s arms around his shoulder. All three of them were covered in dust and paint and smiling like idiots at the camera. “Yeah, that’s Eileen,” Dean confirmed, giving a small laugh as he looked over their expressions.
A short while later, Cas’s car came into view as Cas drove into the garage and parked it next to the Impala.
The coffee shop was almost empty when Dean walked in. Which wasn’t unexpected, since it was almost closing time. In fact, the only customer in the store was Mrs Tran and Mary was finishing putting together her to-go order. “Hey, honey! Could you turn the closing sign for me?” said Mary when she looked up to see who had just come in.
The next few hours were spent checking and rechecking on various patients, a couple of them had succumbed to their injuries which were too great to help them. Once he finally had a few minutes, he escaped outside, thankful he’d been able to keep the tears for the lost victims at bay until he was alone. Sitting down on an empty milk crate, tipped on its side as a makeshift chair, he covered his face with his hands, swallowing heavily as his tears flowed.
He quickly closed everything in his phone and put it down, before he did something he might regret later. After all, his mom always told him not to make hard decisions when he was either angry or sad.
He shifted, lifting his hips and reaching for Cas’ cock, positioning himself before sinking down slowly. Castiel grunted his name beneath him, hands moving to Dean’s thighs, his fingers digging into the corded muscle there. Dean pressed his hands flat against Cas’ chest to give himself leverage, gasping at the almost too-full feeling as Cas was seated fully inside.
“So you would get your pie. I just want your mom to like me,” replied Castiel earnestly, but so low that Dean nearly missed it.
His chest felt tight. He felt hot. Sweaty, clammy, shaky, He couldn’t breathe. Holy fuck, Dean was having a heart attack. He flexed his left arm, shaking the tingly feeling out of his fingers from gripping the steering wheel so hard. He worked way too damn hard to get where he was, he couldn’t jeopordise that just because he couldn’t keep it in his pants.
“One of my co-workers said she knew his parents and got a hold of them. They should be here shortly.” Looking down at the tablet she was holding, she added, “They’re moving Dean back down right now. So I will come back to get you when you can see him. Hopefully his parents have gotten here by then.”
fond of creampies?” Castiel teased, enjoying the way Dean’s pink cheeks made his freckles more prominent. “Well,” he quirked a brow, “enquiring minds want to know?”
“What rumors?” asked Dean, even though he was fairly sure what rumor Castiel was talking about. Dean hadn’t really gotten the opportunity to talk to Castiel alone since the rumors of him being gay started going around school. To make matters worse, rumors that Dean had a crush on Castiel had somehow started floating around school, too.
After they had eaten and put away the dishes, Cas pulled Dean onto the couch. Dean was all up for a make out session when Cas said, “Let’s watch a movie.” With a wide, gummy smile- complete with a scrunchy nose and eye crinkles. Dean already knew that he would never be able to say no to that face.
Hi y'all. My chapter is definitely not as long as I wanted it to be or planned for, and for that, I apologize. My roommate gave me his stupid flu, so I've been bouncing between too sick to think and high on meds. Anyhow, I hope you don't hate it too much. :-)
The journey upstairs was slow and painful, but he made it, struggling to catch his breath on the top landing.
He’d never given anyone the chance to get close, he simply didn’t have the time and he couldn’t run the risk of them holding him back. He’d ignored every one of his brother’s protests to try to stop and smell the roses. That is, until Sam started working at the same law firm. According to Cas, Sam got Luc to relax and learn that there was more to life than just work and meaningless hookups. That he needed to experience the heartache to truly appreciate the good things that happened in between. It had become painfully obvious that the two of them were serious about each other. Sam allowed himself to care for someone else again, and Luc was opening up to let someone in.
“It’s all Gabriel’s fault! I have the tendency to follow instructions down to the letter and he knows that. He gave me the wrong directions, just to mess with me,” explained Castiel.
"- because sausage is the only appropriate breakfast food," Amelia finished with a smile, chuckling as she shook her head. "And he would've hated that Claire got makeup from her Aunt Anna."
“Mmhmm,” Sam rolled his eyes, “and strolling through the trees, shoulders brushing, and looking at the customer more than the merchandise is exactly how we sell things.”
“Now--” started Lucifer with cruel glee in his voice, “--now we teach this fag to leave what’s Sam’s alone and to stay the hell away from my dear ‘brother’.”
It took Dean a while to wrap his head around what just happened. Sam had just invited him to a party! Of course, it wasn’t because
He loved how Castiel would stick his tongue out just a little bit when he was concentrating. How his expression changed to one of pure fury, looking like he wanted to smite the balls when they didn’t go where he wanted. How good he looked when he was bending over the table to get a better angle. How happy he got when he thought the ball was going into a hole, only to get a sad puppy look when it didn’t. And again, how good he looked when he was bending over the table.
Maybe this seminar wouldn’t be such a bust after all, he thought, at about the same time as a couple of voices in the hallway burst through his thoughts.
“What if I told you that you were already guaranteed another date?” Castiel whispered as he leaned in closer.
AN: Some of you may have figure it out that I got this story idea from One Tree Hill. I make no promises of when I will update this, put hopefully soon.
Dean looked at him for a few minutes before turning away, glancing back at him to make sure he was following, somehow finding an empty corridor. Dean leaned back against the wall, watching Cas before starting to give Cas the updates on each of the patients. Cas listened, nodding each time when Dean seemed to be following the proper procedures.
“Don’t remind me. Now get out of here,” said Sam before he walked over to his car. Maybe if he was lucky he would still catch his mom before she left for the next month.
At school, Dean did everything imaginable to stay under the radar. He got good grades and behaved well in classes. In his free time, he would find an empty corner somewhere and hang out with his friends.
Normally, detentions at school would be an hour of sitting in a classroom doing nothing. Occasionally, depending on the teacher, the students would get an extra assignment that they had to do. On the rare occasion Crowley was in charge of the detention, the students would have to stand in line for the whole hour. If you stepped out of line, you would have to go to the back and your hour would start again. The school record for the longest detention was four and a half hours. Since Crowley had given John
“Who are you calling old, you idjit? Now go do what I’m paying you for, I can’t think with you standing over me,” called Bobby after him. “Oh yeah, some guy called this morning, he’s bringing his car in around three. He said something about his car making a strange sound. I told him you would take a look at it today.”
After shaking his head of the absurd idea that someone could not like pie, Dean whispered back, “Then why did you order it?”
From the look on his face, she knew Dean got a little bit hurt by that. For years they had always gotten tangled together when they were watching something, it was their thing. No way were any of them sick of it! But as Charlie had put it, in the name of true love, sacrifices have to be made! Or... something like that. Jo punched Dean’s arm playfully as they dragged out another couch and was relieved when his hurt expression turned into one of amusement.
It was quickly established that the brothers didn't get along. Sam seemed to hate that he wasn't John’s only son. Therefore, he hated Dean, and he did everything in his power to make Dean’s life difficult. Since Sam was one of the popular kids, it wasn't all that hard.
“You took me to a secluded road in the middle of the woods,” Cas commented dryly, turning his head to find Dean already watching him. “Is this where it all falls apart? Are you going to murder me in the deep back woods?”
“Yeah, is he really craz--” Before Castiel could finish his sentence, Mr. Devereaux showed up. Or at least Castiel presumed it was him since he heard Dean say, “Speaking off the devil,” under his breath.
Clarie looked him in the eyes for a few seconds before she looked out the window and Dean turned his attention back to the road. Neither of them said anything more after that. The only sound around them was the purr of the engine and the Christmas song playing on the radio. It wasn’t until Dean turned the car unto his street that Claire said quietly, “There was no ornament with his name on it. It was like-- they forgot him.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that,” Dean said trying to catch Cas’s eyes after Castiel murmured something while looking at his shoes.
“As much as I would like to exchange Sam for my brothers, his family is a little too much for me. Too bad though, Castiel Winchester had such a nice ring to it...”
Castiel was quiet for a moment then smiled. “I am thinking that it's been quiet. Too quiet. And I’m wondering if we’re going to go downstairs to find Ryan up on the counter in the cupboard where the Oreos are…”
“You know hitting it doesn’t usually help, right? Here let me, oh and here’s your mail. “ said Dean as he handed over the mail and got to work on the computer. “Now what are you trying to do?”
Dean made a face. That was the second time Castiel mentioned Dean having a significant other. “Uh, well… No girlfriend to speak of.” He paused and added, “No boyfriend either.”
Dean shook his head. “Don’t be. Life always ends in death, sometimes sooner than you imagined. I just… the nurses, the doctors, the aides and social workers… they were all supportive, understanding. They played with me and Sam when we were scared, they tried to involve us all, even my father who was angrier each day. No one ever lost patience, looked down at us and somehow, fame and fortune stopped holding so much value. Instead, I realized that what I truly wanted was to be that, to help someone in their worst moments, and if I had any control, help them have a longer life.”
“Well, his other son does not think that and neither does his ex!” Dean was kind of shocked that his friends hadn’t come back after how loud he had gotten.
Before anyone could say anything, Dean snapped “Don’t!” Feeling Castiel squeeze his hand under the table, Dean sent him a small smile and squeezed back before standing up. “See you guys later.”
When he had been called to the ER a few minutes after his shift had started, Dean had felt a pang of disappointment at missing his visit with Doctor Novak… Castiel, but the gravity of the situation very quickly put all such thoughts out of his mind. Now, however, Dean couldn't stop thinking about him; wondering if he was still a patient, or if he had been discharged. It wouldn't hurt to check in on him briefly, would it?
“Castiel is not going to die. He’s just going to be an angel, grip Dean tight, and raise him from perdition. Now, back to my plan.” Charlie swung her hair over her shoulder and pinned Jo with a serious stare. “We’re going to invite Castiel to movie night and make sure that they sit together the entire night. When the movie is over, and this is where my genius plan comes together, you suggest we play truth or dare. Just like the good old days, except now you, me, Ash, and Benny will team up against Castiel and Dean. Before the night is over, Dean and Castiel will me making out. They either do it on their own free will or we dare them to. Muh-ha-ha-haa,” Charlie gave out her best evil cackle and Jo rolled her eyes.
He jumped slightly when he heard Dean laugh and realized he was staring and grinning stupidly at the basket. “Well?” Dean asked, pulling on the draw string of his pants. “Are you going to join me or what?”
“She tried to walk, I remember her telling my dad that the gas station was just a few miles away. But she wasn’t dressed appropriately and the cold was too much. When they finally found her, she was severely hypothermic and had third and fourth degree frostbite on her hands and feet.” Dean cleared his throat, looking down at his own hands. “They transferred her to the burn center and she was there for a few weeks…”
“This job will break your heart if you let it,” Cas continued. “Compassion is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. But on the same token, you can’t allow yourself to become too attached to everyone you care for.”
“Shit,” Dean whispered, pulling the keys from the ignition. He turned his head and caught Cas’ lips, a long slow promise for more once they got inside. Castiel broke away first and reached across Dean’s lap, pulling open the driver’s door and giving Dean a small shove with a smile on his lips before he slid across the seat to get out his own side.
“You managed to reach Mary?” Castiel could finally breathe a little easier. “That’s good, we have been trying to get a hold of her every few minutes.”
With a laugh, Benny pointed to his closet and said, “I threw it under the closet when I noticed Jo, it should still be there. It’s all yours brother if you can get it. Back then, I thought about trying to get it and give it to you as a “welcome out” present, but it didn’t seem right so I didn’t bother trying to get it.”
Benny didn’t really disagree with Jo’s “Because I am hot!” statement, even though they all knew that was far from being the reason for their friendship.
“It’s Castiel, sir,” he corrected but Mr. Devereaux didn’t pay any attention to him as he sat down in front of his computer.
Mary walked out of the kitchen right as they reach the door. “Oh, you’re leaving? Do you want anything to eat on the road? We have some leftovers that you are more than welcome to,” she offered.
“The numbers don’t add up! I have done the calculation four times now and I never get the same result,” answered Bobby as he flipped through the mail Dean had just handed him.
"God, please, no," Claire moaned from her spot near the end of the table, dramatically letting her head fall to her plate and making it clatter against the table. Beside her, Amelia hid her smile behind her mug of coffee.
Around a bite of chicken and a wave of her hand, she pushed forward a sheet of paper. “This... the entire doctoral staff has to go through this seminar.”
“Yeah, thanks for that.” Dean gave her a sincere smile and then rubbed his stomach. “Great, now I’m hungry. I’m going to check if there’s anything to eat. You want anything?” asked Dean, looking over to Charlie for an answer, “We can sit down and watch Game of Thrones or something while we snack.”
Dean slipped down the wall he had been standing next to and closed his eyes. If he remembered correctly, it was supposed to start raining right about now and after meeting with Charlie in the library for his essay it would be dark. He was in no state to walk home, tired and wet, in only a t-shirt and shorts.
He cut up a tomato and lettuce, placing them in their own bags, and packing the sandwiches and fixings into a large, wicker picnic basket. He grabbed a bag of potato chips, a thermos of hot coffee and one of lemonade, a container of strawberries, and a fresh peach pie he’d made earlier in the day.
Castiel snorted and took a deep sip of his drink, exaggerating a satisfied sigh. “I beg to differ. But who am I to judge if you like the taste of ass in a cup.”
“Well,” Benny shrugged, ears just as red as his cheeks, “I figured since Dean and I had always done everything together, now that Dean was gay, I would have to get used to all the gay stuff. I mean, especially if I was going to have to be gay with him.” Benny cleared his throat and shrugged. “I think it was just temporary insanity. No big deal!”
It still blew his mind that Castiel chose him and continued to choose him. Dean was a hot mess, Cas had to tell him at least twice a week to pick up his dishes or his socks, and although it was never mentioned, he was sure Cas knew that their Tupperware continued to go missing because Dean left it in his locker at work for long enough that they needed to be bio-bagged instead of washed.
“Really now,” Castiel smirked over his shoulder, giving his ass a little wiggle before he sat back on his knees. Dean held out his hand to haul him up. Castiel groaned when his knees popped and he rubbed them as he looked up at Dean, “I’m getting too old to be on my knees on the hardwood floor.”
From across the room Dean could hear Charlie gasp when she read that. All of them knew Charlie hated those movies. To her it was the biggest disrespect to vampires she had ever seen. Most of the time she if she wanted to know if something was good or bad she would ask, on the scale 10-to-Twilight how bad was it. Dean knew she would never let that go unanswered, and she didn’t disappoint.
Cas nodded as they switched places and reached in to grab the large blue beach blanket. “We’re going on a picnic?” he asked as Dean bumped the door shut with his hip and reached out for Cas’ hand.
Castiel really didn't mean to cockblock his brother, but Sam seemed okay enough with tagging along to drop him off at his doctor’s appointment - might as well get that cough looked at - before he and Luc went on their date. If it just so happened that Castiel needed to call Luc and tell him to throw some of his stuff in a bag and bring it to him because he was being admitted, well, Luc and Sam would just have to wait to get their socks off.
“Sure, take a seat,” Benny replied as he moved over to make room for Castiel in between himself and Dean, even though there had more than enough space everywhere else.
“Fine, maybe I do. Now the two of you shut up,” said Charlie looking at Dean and Jo before turning her attention to Castiel. “Tell me everything!”
“Hey, Winchester! I need to talk to you," someone called from the parking lot. Dean didn't know why he bothered to look up; everyone he talks to at school was sitting next to him. Therefore, he wasn't surprised when he saw Sam Winchester walk past him, talking intently with Alastair, a few minutes later.
Now, their tree lot consisted of two hundred pines, one hundred wreaths, their never-ending beverages, and even a table on the weekends from the kids belonging to the neighborhood behind them, selling handmade ornaments and peppermint sticks dipped in chocolate as ‘hot cocoa accents’.
Castiel was still sound asleep next to him, so he added a little bit of pressure to the hand resting on Castiel’s chest and gave him a little shake. “Babe, there’s someone at the door,” muttered Dean, pulling the covers over his head and burying his face in the crook of his boyfriend's neck as soon as he knew Castiel was awake.
“I thought you needed to go,” said Charlie as she memorized what page she was on and then put her book down on the table in front of her. She didn’t find Benny sitting in front of her like she thought she would. Instead, she found none other than Sam ‘frigging’ Winchester.
After one more orgasm each, they finally dressed up, and took the now empty tray back down- Dean walking in front of Cas, with Cas' arms wrapped around his waist.
The hand on his head disappeared and Dean whined in complain. Before he could pull off and say something about it, Cas lifted the blankets off and threaded his fingers into Dean's hair, pushing his head further onto his cock.
Thankfully, Castiel took the decision out of Dean’s hand and reached past him, knocking on the door. His hand was a warm, reassuring pressure on the small of Dean’s back.
“He’s not that famous and I have never seen a reason why I need to tell people what my father does. One of the reason why I spent so much time reading when I was growing up was because he was always too busy writing his books to do something with my and Gabriel,” explained Castiel.
“Oh, you flatterer,” Balthazar smiled. “I know that's not true, but bonus points to you for trying. Now… rest, and maybe you will be discharged tomorrow.”
Spending the evening with Cas, even though they just talked and laughed and got to know each other, was perfection.
Castiel waved a hand in Dean’s direction. “It fits your personality. You’re charming and confident. It doesn’t hurt that you look like an underwear model.”
Cas grinned up at him, all dimples and gums and crinkly eyes. Dean wanted to keep that smile on his face forever. He navigated them through the throng and outside. He pointed to his car. "Hop in."
It was almost like he was back at work, except without all the grease and the dust. And, of course, the fantastic company.
“He will thank us later when he’s not so busy playing dumb for that geek he keeps bringing to his house,” came a voice that Dean instantly knew belonged to Lucifer.
Dean gasped, his body jerking and Cas called it, whispering, “Come on, come for me Dean. I want to feel you fall apart.”
I've never taken part in a round robin fic before, so this was so much fun! Thank you to lotrspnfangirl for beta reading, and to the other amazing authors involved for the ideas!
better. He pushed Dean in ways that he never would’ve done on his own, and Dean found every aspect of his life was better because of it. He’d never been happier.
Dean was glad Benny couldn’t see the look he and Charlie shared. Charlie was one of the few people that knew about the crush Dean used to have on Benny back then.
Castiel couldn’t imagine what either of the brothers had gone through over that accident… both blaming themselves, Sam for not being there, Dean for not paying attention… it made him ache for them both. But he didn’t understand why that didn’t bring them closer together, let their loss and guilt and love for Eileen bring them closer…
Eyes never leaving Cas’, Dean reached above them to where the picnic basket lay on its side and fumbled around inside through the empty dishes and Tupperware. When he pulled his arm back, he had a dark black box in his hand.
“I think we’re on the right path.” Dean smiled and reached up, cupping the back of Castiel’s head and pulling him into a kiss. They kissed slow, the air between them hot and excited, though neither was in any rush. Castiel’s lips felt perfect against Dean’s, and he almost pinched himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming.
After couple of minutes and a lot of banging around, which made Dean wonder what the hell they were doing in there, the two of them finally joined them back at the dining table. Luc was carrying what Dean was fairly certain had once been his perfectly,
Charlie coughed, sitting up straight in the bed and turning to stare down at him. “Like, as a patient? Or to finally force you to talk to him?”
Next to Charlie, Cas’ eyes widened. He was just about to say something, but slowly shut his mouth again and looked away.
stalling. Finally, having procrastinated long enough, he entered room two-oh-five, his eyes burning holes in the chart he’s carrying. He realized four steps away from the room that as a medical director, his current patient probably knew he didn’t need to carry the paper chart since the hospital did everything digitally, but it was a habit he picked up on while still in med school. God damn it, he was going to take the security blanket while he could.
From the shocked look that came across Sam’s face, it was quite clear that Sam did not expect her to know that. The look was only there for a moment before Sam managed to mask it, but it was too late, Charlie had already seen it.
Sam took the same seat he'd sat in the night before while Dean carried the dishes over to the sink. "Need me to do anything?' he asked as Castiel came up behind him.
Dean’s eyes automatically found the message that had to be from Castiel, “I’m sorry!”. What did that mean? Was Cas sorry that he showed up last night? Was Cas sorry because he brought Sam with him? Or was he sorry for what he said?
“I’m trying to get into Stanford, okay? I was sure I would get a sports scholarship, but now, because of Dean, I might not get it. So I need a backup plan. Since Miss Hanscum dosen’t like me all that much, I need some help getting on her good side.” At Charlie’s distrusting look, he added, “I can get the boys to back off of Dean. Trust me, Dean’s not gonna like what they have already planned.”
Doctor Winchester. Dean Winchester, MD. He couldn’t help but touch his shiny name badge, proudly pinned to his clean pressed doctor’s coat. Man. He did it, and he’s got the student loans to prove it, but most importantly, his badge has him as a full fledged doctor now, not just a resident. He did the time, put in the work, and now he’s here, about to greet his first patient of the day.
“Besides, we all know that nothing is going to stand in your way of getting that pie,” said Castiel before giving Dean another kiss.
Castiel smiled brightly as he brought their joined hands up to his lips and kissed each of Dean’s knuckles.
“I’m so sorry,” said Castiel and started helping Dean clean everything up in a hurry. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Castiel tipped his head, encouraging Sam to go on. Dean’s self-sacrificing personality wasn’t all that abnormal for most of them working in healthcare.
“I would love to be ‘exclusive and shit’ with you, Dean.” Cas replied as he cupped Dean’s face and leaned in for a soft kiss. Dean grinned in response and hugged Cas tight. Cuddling into his
A small part of Dean wanted to know which one of his friends had given Castiel his number, but in the end, it didn’t really matter. I would be easier to just delete the message and pretend he never got it. But when he had open up the deleted option he just couldn't press the button.
Castiel swallows. “I’m fine,” he says, before he focuses back on putting one foot in front of the other.
Castiel stands as straight as a board and with one small intake of breath, steps off the roof. Since it’s not a long drop, he falls perfectly, one foot each landing on the backs of the guards to the right, just as they're about to walk off. They both crumple into the pavement with a thud and a grunt, disoriented and in severe pain but not dead – saved by their own hands and Castiel cushioning his own landing by tucking and rolling back onto his feet. Consciousness may abandon them soon, however.
Reyne blinks before wrapping his arms lightly around the boy, whom he has become fond of during their short time together. And he wishes it could be just this.
But Dean was restless, fingers tapping away at his leg, asking inane questions as he bathed himself. He’d also brought Castiel a fresh pair of clothes – so clearly it was planned.
Fucking bullshit. It’s all fucking bullshit. Castiel told him to basically fuck off right to his face and yet here he is, unable to even have a good Friday night drinking it up and maybe even catching somebody’s eyes without feeling like someone’s punched him in the gut.
“But you just look so irresistible in your stupid, ugly, Christmas sweater.” Dean whines. Castiel snorts. No one would ever peg Dean for being a whiner when he can’t get what he wants.
He takes a step toward it, reaching for the frame with gentle fingers. “This them?” Dean walks over beside him, peering over his shoulder at the photo. One with his dad’s arm around his shoulders and his mum’s around Sam’s as they smile widely at the camera.
“Dean,” Castiel says, smile a little hesitant. “I want you to meet someone. This is Elaria, my best friend since childhood and her nephew.”
Dean whips his head around to find a woman standing before him. She’s of Yeojin descent by the looks of her deep, brown skin and dark hair. Her feet a bare and she’s standing in a simple loose flowing pants with a matching top. He can tell that a long time ago it might have been bursting with much colour.
All around them are murmurs of agreement but Dean keeps his eyes on his father as he asks, “If I may have a moment alone with you father, it would be much appreciated.”
Dean holds his dark gaze but all he can see is Castiel’s blue ones before him. He puffs his chest, breathing deep through his nose and locks his jaw shut.
He’s breathing hard when he’s finally done and Brady’s trying to hide his laugh behind his hand and he thinks maybe they’ve done it, maybe they've actually convinced his idiot friends that this was all real when he finally looks at Castiel properly and wavers.
“Gotta make it look convincing, right?” And with that, he’s walking away down the sidewalk, pulling those headphones out of his jeans pocket and putting them in his ears. Dean’s still staring after him, cheek hot where Castiel’s lips were when his friends come over, one of them slapping him on the back.
Catharlo stares after the door, heart slowly sinking back into place in his chest, locked behind those words.
“It’s where I used to live with Michael. Where he trained me.” Dean’s gaze fills with sympathy and confusion, anger and sadness, all at once.
“I know what you are,” he spits, vision blurring by the second but he still has enough to focus on those dark eyes. “You are
When Dean pulls away for a second time, he brushes the hair from Castiel’s forehead, a gentle, wondrous look in his eye.
Dean opens his mouth, heart tugging inside of him as he speaks, “I’m sorry.” Mary’s arms soften around him as she pulls back, eyes already forgiving. “I shouldn’t be leaving you. Not now, not so soon after…” Dean swallows around the lump in his throat, tearing his eyes away from her soft gaze – too much for him to handle.
"You're home! So, how was it?" she asks, and Castiel still feels a bit too dazed after what just happened to answer properly right now.
They’re just leaving their chambers to head out into the fields for morning training when a guard cuts off their path. “Your Highness,” he says, drawing Dean’s attention. “The king has summoned you to speak with him in the throne room. He is waiting.”
Dean wants to ask more but he knows he won’t get anything now. More and more layers pile on. Or maybe – maybe it’s all tied together. Maybe he’s not just physically scarred.
It’s taken them eleven nights to travel from Anathee all the way to the Ellwood Forest via Lithos. They were able to speak to the travellers who say they saw an angel but the information is vague and the rest of the guards leave exhausted, no doubt thinking that this entire trip has been a waste.
“I recognise this. My father taught me some when I was younger. It’s an ancient language from Torrin, the place my mother’s ancestors came from.”
"My back," Castiel rasps, the exhaustion washing over as he twists slightly to show her. Charlie's face turns grim, eyes closing for a second in hurt.
Castiel's on his way to Dean's house to meet him before they make their way to the bus stop. His stomach is already tied in knots. Time really flew the past month or so because it's finally here. Well, it doesn't really seem like a big deal on the outside - it is just a writer's festival - but for Castiel, it's a whole day spent with Dean. He's only ever spent a few hours with him, having lunch at the café outside the bookstore.
"I was just wondering if you wanted to come to this diverse writer's festival with me." He tries his hardest to make it sound like he doesn't care if Dean can or not. He tries his hardest to sound like he's not desperate for Dean to say yes. "It's quite a while away yet but I just thought I'd ask because tickets go on sale soon. It's thirty bucks a head and it's at the convention centre just down by the river. You don't have to come if you don't want to but I just thought I'd ask to see if you were interested." Castiel finally looks up, his heart beating a little faster in his chest and his cheeks a littler redder from embarrassment.
“Oh, you get to call him Dean, do you? Is that how close you are now?” Nicolaus scowls. “Well, don’t worry, we’ll only be a few minutes.”
“You won’t lose me.” Castiel replies and when Dean’s eyes meet his own, the sparkling greens eyes look defeated. He must think that Castiel is rejecting him but still wants to keep their friendship. Oh, how wrong he is.
“And every day now, when I look out to the city or even to the forest to the animals, I see souls rising.” Dimarus stands, gathering all of the items he has packed into small wooden crates. “So, I may not understand everything about the angels or their way of life,” he starts, finally raising his eyes to Dean, pressing him with his meaning, “but I know what I saw and I know what is real now. And I will do whatever it takes to make sure I am helping this kingdom become what it should have been from the beginning.”
The cabin is about fifteen paces in width – a mostly plain open space decorated with a few chairs, a large table and chests for storing, along with candles hung along the walls. Castiel shows them through to the back, a smaller space with a bed for two and two chests either side, candles above them.
The shackle shuts tight around his neck. Castiel sweeps his eyes over the other prisoners in the dark. None of them have any shackles around their necks. “Give me your hands.” Castiel keeps his hands by his side. What’s happened? He doesn’t recognise any of the guards. There’s no Nicolaus or Salicar. Why are they doing this? All he knows is he can’t do anything now. He can’t call for Dean’s help. “I said--” Something sharp pokes his abdomen. “--give me your hands.”
.” Dean’s blood runs cold, his head pounding. He wouldn’t. He wouldn’t hurt Sam. But his eyes are so incredibly dark, unwavering as he stares him down, dagger to his throat. “You’re not going to get Sam killed too, are you?”
Castiel spots the mayor of Lithos speaking excitedly to a pair of angels and notices with a smile, Elaria and Adri with his grandparents, having finally visited from Terrowin to see how they are doing.
“Did you know,” they say, taking a step forwards towards where Castiel was standing mere moments ago, “that with the Three now, your senses are heightened? You might not have noticed. You have only been
“Don’t you think I already think about it enough,” he grits out the last word to keep his voice from wobbling. “I mean, I told you, didn’t I? About that night. I let you in too. And this is what you do?”
The weight of all he has lost. The weight of all he has suffered becoming lighter. As light as a soul drifting upwards into the universe.
"Well, of course, everyone knows of him. He's the Last Angel. The saviour and the guider. The only one who can save us from the demon. And of course, everyone knew of the mission as well. In case he ever needed help. Like now."
He only wishes he had known he could do this before or at least that he had tried. He still doesn't even know how it happened, only that in that moment he was determined to save Sam and Dean. To disappear.
He scours the shelves for anything to do with the angels – the angels religion, history, lore – anything. After Castiel told him the story, something had ignited in him and he wants to know more. He wants to know everything. It could give him answers that he’s never been able to unearth.
He opens his eyes. He knows what he has to do. Dean and Sam will have to be left in the hands of those within the castle.
And he can see it on Patrus’ face. Knows the God knows it too. Perhaps this was what he was supposed to do all along.
“Perhaps, we should wait until they are before their father to speak of what happened. No point repeating it more than once. And I’m sure the princes here would not like to, either,” Mervyn says.
The mother turns to them both after, a light in her eyes and says, "You are one of us now. Welcome home."
Until he does. Dean and Sam finally come to a halt behind him and he's about to ask when Castiel whistles. A short inconsistent tune.
Dean’s smile fades, not certain as to what is happening. “Well, it’s just that you…” Dean starts, gesturing towards him.
“Of course,” Xandria says. “Let me lead the way.” Dean still hesitates but Castiel’s gaze must be reassuring enough for he eventually relents and begins to follow the angel towards the training hall.
He sits the bag he’s carrying down by the end of the table before taking his place on the long wooden bench beside Sam.
It’s not even a big birthday. He’s turning twenty-five and he planned to spend it with a run in the morning and the rest of the day in bed before his parents most likely badgered him enough to come over to theirs to have dinner where they will ask him ‘what are you doing with your life, Castiel’. Because apparently having a stable job isn’t enough if he doesn’t have a ring on his finger and a house with a white picket fence.
An extended hand of trust. And if Castiel can trust him then maybe along the way Dean will find out about those scars. About that pain.
Sam’s face crumples and he cries, rough and harsh to Castiel’s ears as he sinks to the dirt. And Castiel watches on, all he can hear his own promise to keep Dean by his side throughout the battle, keep Dean safe but now--
Castiel lets out a long exhale, wrapping his long fingers around his beer. “Hmm, let me see. You were a star of the baseball team. Quit to focus on study.” Dean raises his eyebrows, impressed that he knows so much. Not that it would be difficult to find out. “Much to the swooning of girls everywhere.” Castiel pauses, amused smile on his face now. “And some boys.”
He turns his head to see someone sitting beside him. He blinks, his eyes adjusting to find familiar wide blue eyes staring at him.
“Mervyn, can I please ride with Castiel?” Sam’s voice pipes up. Castiel stands awkwardly beside him, eyes wide.
"Nothing, Sam. He..." Dean bites his lip, running a shaky hand through his hair. He’s running out of time. "Father intends on killing him." And while he doesn't plan on doing it anytime soon, it will happen eventually if he doesn't save him.
“But I do know. And I know too that it does not matter. Tomorrow I will save all those I can in battle, knowing that Castiel might not be there after to heal them, knowing they might be heading to the underworld anyway. Because I can’t just do nothing.”
Dean’s eyes narrow. “What? You don’t think it’s related at all that the day I’m supposed to be meeting the mayor of Lithos, men from that exact town, capture me and threaten to bargain my life for more gold?”
.” Dean breathes out, all of the tension seemingly drained from his shoulders. Castiel freezes again and this time he’s sure his heart stops. After a moment of silence Dean stiffens, most likely realising what he just said because -
“In the angel’s religion the gods were not male or female. They are merely light and dark after all.”
“Cas,” Dean starts, the corners of his mouth turning down. “What are you speaking of? Do you not remember all the travel you’ve done, meeting lord after lady, making appearance after appearance at balls and festivals when I was indisposed, all by yourself?”
He’s improving quickly with all three of his powers. He still cannot do any of them without thinking hard about it, like he can with hiding his wings. But that took years. He doesn’t have years. What he has now will have to be enough. Unless the demon waits years to find him. But none of them believe that. It goes unsaid but everyday they wait for a sign of the demon. Something to tell them it has found a new vessel. A strong one and is coming for him.
“Yeah, I’ll see you then,” Dean says, giving him a weak smile. Castiel stands for a moment and it looks as though he’s about to leave when he stands slightly on his tiptoes and kisses him on the cheek.
Castiel suddenly throws his arms out to the side and yells something back and before he’s even finished saying whatever it is he’s saying, the guy punches him right in the face.
“Don’t be ignorant. The king has other everyday affairs to attend to. In three days, is the closest he could arrange. And do not misinterpret this. He spoke to me personally that it was of the utmost importance.”
“You do the food for the prince’s breakfast?” he asks, and Hermana nods. “It is some of the best food I’ve ever had the pleasure to indulge in.” Hermana’s cheeks grow pink and she attempts to supress a smile.
It’s absurd. And yet he can’t rid himself of the feeling. Of all the memories and all the nightmares he had of winged creatures taking his very soul from this castle.
Seb shakes his head. “I’m not--” He pauses, staring at Dean a moment before sighing. “Whatever, man, I gotta go, but I’m trying to help, actually.”
Castiel huffs, eyes glinting in the light of the campfire. Dean swallows, ears turning red. He internally kicks himself. Could he have been any more obvious?
They don’t usually share a horse. But Dean had insisted. It is their anniversary after all. Three fine years of marriage. Well, they’ve had their ups and downs but before that day three years ago Castiel truly couldn’t have imagined going into his fourth year of marriage to some stranger without twisting away in fear.
“Right.” Dean breathes out a laugh of his own, running a hand through his hair. Castiel fiddles with the hem of his shirt. “Uh, you haven’t exactly given me an answer.”
And there – Castiel stands off to the side, brushing his horse down and tugging the saddle to make sure it’s secure.
Even now, things are different, he can tell. As they sit together at the table, food amongst them. Elaria is dazed, eyes wondering, thoughts wondering too. The only time it appears she isn’t wondering is when she looks at the almost uneaten meal on his plate and then fixes him with concerned eyes.
Dean’s head drops and he leans heavily back against the table as if it’s the only thing holding him up. “I’m sorry I couldn’t do more,” Dimarus says.
Castiel changes quickly into his new clothes. There’s a pair of black, close-fitting trousers to go with some new thick socks and tall black boots. The belt is black with a simple silver buckle but, Castiel notices, it doesn’t have any sheathes for swords – not that it’s a surprise. A thin white undershirt, much like his own, and like all of the guards – a dark leather jerkin worn over black long-sleeved doublets with the golden emblem of the Winchester’s sewn into the right breast. But unlike many of the guards he has seen, there is no chainmail. However, there is one last thing sitting on the wooden stool to complete his outfit. Two silver bands.
He shuffles ever closer, settling his head on Dean’s shoulder. Burrowing into his warmth. Gathering what little comfort he can find.
With every movement, his stomach clenches tighter and tighter, his arms beginning to quiver. A quiet moan falls from Dean’s lips along with a breathy, “Cas.”
“Well, I would disagree.” Mary’s eyes are firm when Castiel lifts his head. A touch of sympathy softens them. “It seems there is much to know.”
It’s subtle. He wouldn’t have been able to see it from where he was sitting but standing here it’s clear. Dean clenches his hands a few times as if that will stop them until eventually he gives up and picks the bow back up from the ground.
Castiel’s heart lurches. “And what? You want to see every soul guided to the underworld? Is that it?” he sputters, trying to buy more time.
The hand gripped in his own uniform tugs him away from the table, roughly pulling him into the prince’s chambers. Dean barely gives him time to breathe before he’s slamming the door shut and pushing him up against it.
.” He barely spits out the sentence before he has to look away, attempting to shield the fresh tears from Castiel’s eyes.
He finally hears a faint shuffle and raised voices from inside the shop. He silently reaches towards his hips and grabs the handles of his own two swords and pulls them out of their sheathes. He rests the side of his hands on the edge of the roof, clutching his swords tight. The door clicks and is pulled inwards, the two guards exiting out of the shop, the same old, wooden, jewellery chest still in the hands of the leader. They don’t say a word to the other four, just continue to walk past them back down the alleyway.
Dean stares at him. “Wait. Are you – scared of horror movies?” Castiel glares at him, although it’s half-hearted at best, and Dean’s jaw drops. “Oh my fucking god, we need to go fucking see it--”
Castiel blinks back his own tears at the display in front of him. He can’t imagine what it feels to be Dean in this moment – or his mother for that matter. To believe his mother was dead for so long – only to have her stand before him, alive and well.
The second slice has the god in the shoulder and though Patrus is quick, Castiel jumps through space quicker and little by little, he presses against Patrus’ own walls, trying to hold them there so they cannot get away.
For there – his name being called, and although it’s distant and hazy, a vibration to his ear – he knows the owner of the voice.
At least he’ll be able to have the prisoners escorted the the castle dungeons instead of taking them back to camp.
Castiel breathes shakily against his neck, the grip on Dean’s neck tighter when suddenly, Castiel steps away, pushing himself from Dean’s embrace.
Sam takes Castiel’s hand with his own small one and shakes it with the strongest grip his twelve-year-old self can muster. “You can call me Prince Sam,” Sam replies, nodding and Castiel bows his head slowly before releasing his hand and standing.
Nobles trample the grass, running and walking past with cheery faces. Even more line up at the outer wall, waiting for their invitations to be approved before they can enter. His father won’t be coming down until later but Sam is already out with Mervyn and they’re currently walking over to Leda where she sits on a log by herself – clearly waiting.
When they are finally wedded and told to seal it with a kiss, Castiel succeeds in leaning forward to meet Dean in the middle, exchanging a chaste kiss without anything embarrassing occurring.
It still comes as a shock when Dean slips in beside him, pausing a few moments, before he pulls Castiel into his chest, curling himself around him.
A moment later, and the light was gone, in a swirl above him. Before it too burst and vanished. Castiel wings reappeared in full, black and beautiful and Castiel’s wound, healed.
They are called to the morning meal on the new year and as they all sit together in the ball room, Nyree announces that they have decided they will rebuild Iowan. There are plenty of cheers but Castiel himself feels a sting behind his eyes at the announcement.
She nods once more and then her eyes slip closed. “The demon went cold as I spoke it and I thought that was it. That it would be my end. But something came over it. Something brightened in its eyes. And I knew something terrible was to come. It asked me who it was. The prophesied. I wouldn’t speak but then…” A hand rises to her mouth as if she is about to spill tears but there is no sign on her face that she is even upset. Instinct perhaps. “But then…” Something flashes through her eyes and her hand falls. “But then it possessed me. Left Ferrant’s soulless body and invaded me, pushing my soul to the brink. I think that was the most terrifying thing I have ever felt. My body, suddenly not my own. Someone else controlling it like I was a puppet. A spectator. It escaped out the window and it was soon after I became more aware of what was happening that we were…moving. Jumping. From one place to the next. It was the most impossible thing. But I knew as well that something wasn’t right. And the demon – I could feel it. And it was angry. I understood after a while that my vessel was too weak to contain it. So, it had to focus more energy on keeping me together than on jumping through space and time.”
“Ha ha!” Dean cheers himself, keeping Castiel’s arms tight across his chest. He pants heavily, chest rising and falling at Castiel’s back. He closes his eyes in an attempt to regain his concentration. “Looks like I win.”
He focuses on his breath, on not panicking – like he did in the dungeon. But that was different. Michael never taught him to deal with…with
He hears footsteps and ragged breathing behind him and Castiel spins around to come face to face with the man in question.
When he comes to the doors of his chambers, he feels a strange emotion well up inside of him. His chambers are the only place in this castle that have ever been homely - a place that he can disappear into and have all for himself. And the place where he and Castiel...
The end of the session comes around quick enough, which has Castiel’s nerves rekindling, as he dismisses everyone for the night and all but one venture toward the stands. Dean steps forward, hands deep in the pockets of his shorts.
“Put up with you?” He huffs, a soft smile brightening his features. “You’re a pleasure to put up with.”
John looked up from a old journal he was reading and glanced at his watch. “You finished all of it?” he asked before standing up and entering the gym to take a look for himself. When he couldn’t find anything, he groaned out, “Fine, you can go. You have detention with me tomorrow as well. Meet me here after school.” Dean had barely managed a nod before John had turned and gone back inside his office, closing the door behind him.
“It wasn’t until a few months later that I met Bobby and he talked about her with me, even though he’d never even met her. But you have your friends and family, so if you want to talk about him -- you don’t have to, if you aren’t ready -- but if you want to, you can.”
“Hey, I get it, trust me. It was hard to celebrate Christmas for years after Mom died and then again when Dad passed. But she’s lucky to have all of you,” said Dean as he propped himself up on elbow in order to see Castiel. “But can you at least tell me why it has to happen before eight?”
“I like this view,” Dean commented as Castiel pushed up onto his knees to backwards crawl out from under the lower branches.
“At least we know whose backyard we should dig up if you don’t show up tomorrow. See you, brotha!” Benny called to him as he and Jo made their way out. Jo sent a small nod in Dean’s direction before looking away.
Apparently, Dean was stopping Sam from making friends. Mary had always told Dean that if people were mean to him than they weren't really his friends. That was why Dean chose Benny, Jo, Charlie and Ash. Sure, they made fun of one another, but they never meant to hurt anybody's feelings.
“Yeah, I know. I have just been really busy.” Dean gave him a small smile and then cleared his throat. “In fact I need to go,” he said as he started gathering his stuff before standing up. “See you later!”
“Yes.” Dean replied with a cheeky grin, not bothering to be ashamed of his cuddly romantic side in front of his little brother.
Dean lost count of how many times he had been pushed over, tripped, or run into before the class was up. All he knew was that he was hurting all over and he couldn’t wait to get home. Jo and Benny also had some scrapes and bruises after the class, but they hadn’t had it as bad as Dean.
"Since when is your room not big enough for the five of us?" Dean asked, clearly suspicious, at the same time as Ellen said, "Fine, but no dancing on the table again, Dean!"
Sam snapping a cold, “Fine. See you when you get back,” before hanging up brought Charlie out of her thoughts. She refocused on the page before her and didn’t stop
The same could not be said about Sam’s part of town. The houses were well taken care of, but they were all lacking that personal touch that Charlie loved about her neighborhood. They were from two very, very different worlds and it made Charlie think about how different Dean’s life might have been if things with his parents had been different. Would they still be friends? Would they have even started talking?
“I’m sorry for waking you,” Dean said, pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s forehead. “I will tell them I can’t babysit Ry on the nights you’re on call.”
Dean returned his smile and leaned in to drop a soft kiss onto Cas’ lips. What was supposed to be a chaste kiss didn’t stay that was for long; Cas was basically naked and Dean was already hard and soon they were rutting against each other like teenagers- close to completion just because of a few well-placed touches.
“Uncle Cassie! Uncle Cassie! You and Dean need to get up, otherwise you’re going to miss the movie,” came Claire’s cheerful voice through the door right before he heard the door open. His sleep deprived mind had a slight panic before he remembered that they’d put their pajamas on before going to bed. Even though they were both fully covered by the comforter, he was glad that they weren’t about to scar the little girl for life. Especially when Dean was still trying to impress her and her uncle.
“Thank you,” Castiel said as he slid up behind Dean, wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing up against his back, “for being here tonight.”
Before Dean could even reach the school on Monday morning, The Golden Trio had gotten in his way. Lucifer and Alistair quickly got a hold on Dean that he couldn’t get out off and dragged him behind a work shed that was on the school grounds. Sam followed behind looking like he was on top of the world. After Dean had received a few well placed punches in the stomach from Alistair, Sam told him to stay away from his best friend or he would make Dean regret it. Then Sam turned around and walked away.
“How much did you hear?” asked Dean. A part of Dean was nervous about what Castiel would say, even though Cas had said that Sam was wrong.
“Drawer,” Dean groaned as Castiel’s teeth pressed into his throat again. “Fuck,” he whispered and forced himself to twist away, reaching over to the nightstand to pull it open. He found a bottle of lube and tossed it onto the bed, but had to blindly fumble towards the back for a condom. “Shit, last one. That’s lucky,” Dean laughed and dropped it beside the bottle before pushing the drawer shut and reaching for Cas.
Castiel nodded and laughed, heading for the door. He hesitated in halfway out the doorway, looking back to meet Dean’s eyes over his cup of coffee. “Tonight?”
"Let me be the judge of that." Dean remembered times like these when he was younger, driving Sam around, trying to rid his baby brother of teenage angst. God, could that kid angst. He pointed to the glove box. "Why don't you put on some tunes?"
Dean turned to leave, stopping at the door. “It's Dean... I, er, Dean, not Doctor.” He rubbed the back of his neck again, a nervous habit, really. And before he could tell himself to stop talking, he fucking
Dean flushed a deep scarlet, looking away from the spitfire standing in front of him. He sat down in the chair behind the desk and opened another chart.
," Coach Turner argued back to whatever John had said to him while Sam had been busy staring at Dean. If he had said it any louder, it would have been heard on the other side of the school... Dean stopped with Benny when they neared the bleachers and turned back around to look at the coach. "Now for my second announcement. I'm going away for two months and the school board has asked John to take over my classes. Everyone say hello to Coach Winchester!"
None of you are going to get it, I want it buried with me, so I can listen to ‘Highway to hell’ on my way to the afterlife.
“We were. That’s from the engagement party I threw for them,” said Dean with a small smile as he reached to take the photo from Cas. It had been a long time since he let himself look at photos of her; the last time had probably been at the funeral. Somehow, seeing her wasn’t as hard as he imagined… Maybe it was because he could hear Sam and Luc laughing at something in the kitchen behind him. “It was awesome, if I do say so myself. I took them to laser tag. Sammy hated the idea at first, but Eileen loved it.”
“Babe, why are we up before the crack of dawn?” asked Dean with a yawn as he laid his head down in Castiel’s lap and tried to get comfortable again.
The smile that had broken out on Cas’ face was worth having to deal with Sam for one movie. At least Dean hoped it was.
“It was a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Singer,” Dean heard Cas say and before Bobby could even reply he continued, “Is that an Impala? I always wanted to see one! Who owns it?”
Chuck grabbed Dean by his shirt, looking up at him pleadingly. “My... wife,” he grunted. “Find… my wife.”
Charlie picked her book back up and continued reading. Just as Charlie was flipping to the next page, the stool in front of her moved and someone sat down on it.
Dean gave Cas’ hands a squeeze in his own, smiling at him softly. “When you remember holidays with your brother, what's the first thing you remember? Is it the tree? The food or the decorations?”
“Okay, great!” said Bobby as he picked up a dirty rag and tried to clean his hands. “Why don’t you go and clean up a little before you leave?”
“We have had enough of all the sexual tension between you two. This door is going to stay closed for the next hour or until you two get together!” called Charlie through the now locked door to her room.
He’d been in a bit of a dry spell, anyway, after Adam. The other man ended up being too young and really just wanted Dean around for his money, which Dean really didn’t have a whole lot of anyway. Med school was fucking expensive and he just became a brand spanking new MD; his debt would outweigh his paycheck far longer than he cared to think about. Plus, Dean Winchester does not have to pay for sex, thank you very much, even if it was under the pretense of a relationship.
Sure enough, a few minutes later Castiel told Dean to park in front of what looked like a small, old barn. It wasn’t rundown or anything, it had obviously been well taken care of, and Dean could even tell that some of its parts had recently been redone.
“Well, I wasn’t going to go look for it on the internet. Looking at that magazine was traumatizing enough!”
“It’s complicated, I can tell you everything I know when you get here. The important thing is that he’s gonna be fine.”
Guess who came and visited Dean at work. I will give you a hint: Castiel and Dean sitting in a tree...
. Yet. His friends liked to make fun of him for it, but he didn’t care. It felt nice and relaxing taking care of her. While Dean cleaned and polished, he could put all of his troubles aside for the moment, wash them away along with the dust on baby’s metal.
“Jesus, Bradbury,” Dean rolled his eyes, trying to shove her off, “you sound like freaking Gollum right now.”
Dean nodded at the family of four, squeezing their way through the row of trees. He found himself humming the Christmas song playing overhead throughout the parking lot: though he’d never admit it to Sam, the holiday music his brother insisted on was starting to grow on him.
over -, a set of wooden nutcrackers, and sparkly snowmen. He’d even gotten angel ornaments with each of their names on them: Claire, Castiel, Amelia, Michael & Lilly, Gabriel & Kali & Leigha, Anna & Fergus & Gavin & Sasha, and Lucas & Meg & Ronald.
While Dean came from under the car Bobby managed in between laughing to answer that even though Dean didn’t own it
She knew without a doubt that it was John’s office. His certificates and awards proudly hung up in the middle of the wall. A tall oak bookcase was lined with books and photos of Sam, alone or with his dad. Come to think of it, it might be the first photos Charlie had ever seen of Sam in the house.
“Dad, it won’t fit,” interrupted Ronald from the floor were he and Claire had been trying to puzzle together a Star Wars Lego set he’d gotten from his parents.
“Lead the way!” Castiel nudged him gently and Dean laughed out loud as he led Castiel into the small diner.
“You get one day off from school, of course that’s not what they called it, but who cares,” said Mary, “But don’t think for a second you are of the hook. If Bobby hadn’t called me, I would be out of my mind with worry!”
Castiel took his eyes off the road as he looked over to Dean. “Yes, Dean, it’s just a little bit further.”
Dean did not want to go home and explain to his mom why he wasn’t at school, so he went to second place where he felt at home: Bobby’s backyard. More precisely, to his baby. He snuck into Bobby’s office and snagged the keys to the Impala, knowing Bobby wouldn’t be too upset as long as he didn’t take her off the property. He climbed into the front set, turning on the power, and shoved his favorite Led Zeppelin tape into the tape deck.
It was Sam’s turn to blush and his eyes darted away from the screen for a moment. His brother’s expression peaked his interest, and Dean sat up once more, holding the phone a little closer to his face as if that would urge Sam to continue.
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed with a nod. “I live a few blocks down, and it was a nice day out. I’ve been meaning to check out you and your brother’s lot… I’ve heard such positive things about it. I have just never had an occasion before.”
“Yeah, Jo and a few of the other nurses told me about this spot. They said it was great for a night out.” Dean gave his hand a squeeze and started to lead them up the road. Even though the sun was starting to set, Castiel could make out a path just a few yards in front of them. “I thought we would do something different. It’s a nice night out and I haven’t had you all to myself in what feels like forever.”
“Ohh, what? You’re gonna out me, too? Just like you did to Dean? News flash, asshole, everyone knows I’m gay.”
“I think you’re a curious guy, Cas,” Dean answered, grinning at him as he cut the rest of the pie in half with his fork and picked up his bite. “If you want your question answered, you’re just going to have to give me a second date.”
One time, when they were younger, they had all been at Benny’s for a sleepover. Two hours into the sleepover, Charlie had gotten scared so her parents were asked to come pick her. They never showed up. Turned out that they had gotten into an accident on the way over. Her dad died on the scene but her mom ended up in a coma. Thankfully, Charlie ended up with a good foster family in town, though it never occurred to anyone that Charlie was blaming herself for the accident until she had closed herself off. It took months, but Dean finally got her to come around, got her to listen to him that it was not her fault, and got her talking. Now, whenever Charlie blamed herself for something she turned to Dean and would pour her heart out to him.
“No, I don’t like pie!” The silence that followed was deafening as everybody at the table looked at Castiel, some with forks mid-way to their mouths, like he was from another planet.
Castiel sounded nervous, anxious for a moment, and Dean had to bite back a laugh. Okay for a first date didn’t even come close, this place was awesome! “Are you kidding, Cas? Of course that’s okay!” Castiel beamed in response, his cheeks a bit pink in the lamp light.
want to analyze, before waving his arm out to the side to welcome them in. “Well, come on in so we can show you the rest,” said Sam, following after Castiel into the kitchen.
“Dean!” Castiel drawled out in a long moan, his cock pulsing in Dean’s hand and painting Dean’s abdomen and chest in long stripes of come. Castiel was panting and his eyes met Dean’s as he continued the rapid pace, determined to push Dean over the edge and into ecstatic bliss with him.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Dean,” Cas said as he inhaled deeply, closing his eyes at the slightly spicy aroma of peaches and cinnamon. “This smells and looks divine. I would be happy to skip dinner completely and just eat this.”
He drove them in circles for a good two hours, picking random exits and back roads, never going too far from home, just far enough to make Cas forget his day. The longer they drove and the more they sang, the more Cas relaxed. Instead of the ridged posture he'd had when he got in the car, he now sat half-turned toward Dean, left leg tucked under him, sprawled back against the door, head tipped back and eyes closed, fingers tapping out a rhythm on his thighs as he sang to
Dean took a deep breath and turned his head to look at house they were parked in front before turning back toward Cas.
His breath caught in his throat and he found himself smiling as he reached for his leather jacket, hanging by the door, and slipped it over his shoulders.
At least Dean still had the rest of the gang… but that too felt wrong since one-fifth was missing. Castiel had tried his best to fill the gap, but it wasn’t the same. Dean knew he was putting his friends in a difficult position. He didn’t, and never would, tell them that they had to choose between him and Charlie, but that’s what happened in the end. It didn’t help that Charlie went and told their friends to ‘choose’ Dean instead of her, which made it even harder for Dean to hate her.
“Next date?” Castiel clicked his tongue as he leaned forward resting his crossed arms on the table. “How do you know there will be a next date, Dean?”
Digging out his phone, Cas saw he had unread messages from Dean’s friends, Jo, Ash, Benny, and Charlie. The messages contained Mary’s contact information, which he no longer needed, general concerns and asking what was going on. Cas sent out a group text to them all, thanking them for Mary’s information and updating them with what he knew and that he would see them all tomorrow at school. Then, he closed out and hovered over Sam’s name.
Dean looked up, meeting Castiel’s eyes as he pulled open the zipper and slid the jeans down Castiel’s hips and over the curve of his ass. “You’re so fucking sexy,” Dean said softly, tilting his head up to meet Cas as he leaned down for a kiss.
“Thanks, Mom, but I’m not really hungry. I’m just going to bed,” Dean replied as he put his backpack down to hang up his jacket and take off his shoes.
As he looked under the bed for one of his socks, Castiel walked into the room. “Don’t get up on my account.” Turning around, Dean raised one eyebrow at Cas as he put his socks on. “Claire was wondering if you needed any help and if she could go with you to pick which ones to bring over. I’ve already promised Amelia I would help her in the kitchen but I can-- ”
Dean wasn’t sure how he would’ve gotten through these past two weeks if it weren’t for his boyfriend. Castiel had been an absolute godsend. Somehow, he always managed to cheer Dean up when he was feeling down. Even though Castiel had made it clear he thought Dean was being an idiot, he respected Dean’s decision. So far, he hadn’t pushed Dean to call Charlie aside from the occasional, “If you miss her so much, why don’t you just call her?” or “How is them being friends any different then the two of us being friends? Sam didn’t like it when I started hanging out with
“Don’t mention it. Just remember to let me know when you know when you’ll be home, so I won’t worry.” Dean nodded and Mary’s smile relaxed. “Are you all set to go? Castiel should be here soon.”
“I can see if I can get her to go easier on you. Lets put that aside from now. Do you have any old assignments with notes from her about where you can improve? It would help if I know what I’m getting myself into.”
Castiel had really had enough of being a patient, but he must admit that it had its perks - perks like his doctor, for instance. Knowing that the inescapably handsome Doctor Winchester was due to check up on him any minute now, he tried to make himself as presentable as possible. It wasn’t easy, given that he was confined to bed, but he ran his hand through his hair in an attempt to tame it, and plastered on his best smile.
Since they had no idea if Castiel would even show up, they couldn't delay forever without Dean getting suspicious. If he figured out that they invited Castiel, and were in fact waiting for him, Dean was very likely to take off before Castiel even came.
"I said you could bring your brother, not..." said Charlie before quickly making sure Dean was still on the other side of the room. "...him!" she said in a low enough voice that Dean wouldn't hear her as she gestured towards Sam.
right to try tearing other families up just to make yourself feel better! I think we have overstayed our welcome, why don’t you and Gabriel go wait in the car.”
Since neither of them were related to Dean, they weren’t given any information, crucial or not. They were told once Dean woke up and could vouch for them, or verify they were friends and he wanted visitors, they could know more. Until then, they were given nothing. One of the nurses, who appeared to be in charge, seemed to have decided that they were lying about what happened and was down right rude to them, telling them in not so many words that it would be best for them to leave. They tried to stay clear of her at all costs. Since the hospital still hadn’t been able to contact Dean’s mother, no one was able to tell them what was going on with their friend.
It felt like Dean’s heart did a flip inside his chest but he didn’t hesitate to answer. “Well, you already polished off your lunch,” he smiled widely, nodding to the empty soup bowl. “But as soon as you’re not choking on your lungs, it’s a date.”
Sam, with a satisfied grin on his face, had reclaimed the chair closest to the door, so Dean took the opportunity when nobody was looking to hit him in the shoulder. “I will get you for that, you just wait, bitch.”
Looking behind Sam, Charlie came eye to eye with a shocked Dean Winchester who looked like someone had just ripped out his heart and stomped on it.
Now, Dean was feeling like the biggest asshole on the planet. Not only had Castiel changed his plans just to come here, but he was leaving because he felt unwelcome. Cas would probably hate him now for being an asshole to his friend-- even
“Next time you decide to skip school, can you at least let me know where the hell you’re going so I don’t have to worry?” demanded Mary the second she saw Dean walk through the door of the coffee shop with Castiel behind him. Thankfully, the shop was mostly empty because Dean was pretty sure his mom would have yelled at him even
“You’re going to be the death of me,” Dean replied with a smirk, reaching for the bottle of lube and popping the top. Dean sat up and as he warmed the lube between his fingers, Castiel shifted, balancing himself with Dean’s shoulders.
“I would too if I were him!” Castiel weezed as he wiped the tears from his eyes. “If I ever stay with you, I’m definitely bringing my travel kit.” Castiel’s eyes widened and he blushed as he realized what he just implied. “I uh, I,” he cleared his throat, “how about we look at those trees now?” He held his breath, praying Dean would let the subject change fly.
After sending Benny a ‘I told you so’ look, Jo and Dean made their way over to their team and Benny did the same. Jo and Dean were in no hurry when they made their way over. Dean’s other teammates were all huddled together and when Dean came closer he heard Lucifer say “...just follow the plan and do as Sam said,” before the group broke up. All Lucifer said to Dean and Jo before the game started was to ‘stay out of their way’ and ‘don’t fuck up’.
Castiel grabbed the end of the towel coming back for him and pulled Dean in with it, turning them so he could pin him against the counter. Dean gave a single huff of protest before his hands came around Castiel’s back, resting just above his ass. Castiel smiled and pressed in closer, kissing Dean deeply until the rest of Dean’s body relaxed against him.
Sam’s eyes darted from the principal to the officer standing with his arms crossed behind the desk. Crowley smiled and shook his head, “Mr. Winchester, don’t let the man behind me stress you out. He’s just doing his job.”
Dean chuckled to himself as he turned on the hot water and stepped under the spray. The heat was doing wonders on Dean’s sore body. If Charlie wasn’t waiting for him, he might just stay there for hours and wash all of his worries away.
Dean shut the door behind them and they both quickly shed their outer gear and boots, Dean taking Castiel’s jacket and scarf and sliding in socked feet into the kitchen to hang everything on the back of a chair before returning to the foyer to reach for Castiel’s hand.
An hour after getting out of bed, he was standing in front of his mirror holding a red shirt in one hand and a white on in the other, desperately trying to figure out which one to wear. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard, “Who are you and what the hell have you done to my kid?” behind him.
Dean couldn’t help but like the girl. Sure, she was a few years younger than them but she knew how to carry herself and Dean got the feeling that she didn’t take crap from anybody.
Dean really, really wanted to say, “Show up and I will take your frigging head off!” but that would imply that this was a date. Which it wasn’t. So he gave the polite answer, “Sure, you’re welcome to show up.”
“Sir, maybe it would be best if you came with me for a moment,” said the nurse and Castiel got the feeling that this wasn’t her first time dealing with this sort of situation.
Castiel smiled and shook his head. “Doctor patient confidentiality has taught me how to keep a secret, Sam.”
“Gross,” Sam said, with no real heat. When Dean looked back, his brother was still smiling. “I’m really happy for you guys. Cas is a pretty awesome guy. We’ve been friends with a little while, I knew Cas before Luc and I started dating, actually. I never would’ve thought about trying to set you two up but… now that I think about it, it makes sense.”
When Charlie was about to tell Sam where he could stick his proposition, Sam quickly said, “Just let me finish before you say anything.”
long to answer the door... He was about to close the door when he noticed something lying on the front step.
, was the first thing Dean thought, though luckily he managed to keep it to himself. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious to find out what the doctor’s house looked like, nevermind his heart jumping at the idea of spending some time with Castiel, but the man
Dean’s head was spinning, and it had nothing to do with long fingers brushing against the inseam of his denim. As he took the exit he cracked open the window and swallowed hard, the lump in his throat refusing to leave. This was a bad idea and Dean knew it. Sleeping with his boss’ boss was just screaming for trouble. Even if it was Cas’ suggestion in the first place. Never eat where you shit, right?
“It’s okay, Benny and Jo filled me in on what was going on.” Castiel gave him a reassuring smile. “Just so you know, Ash is a little mad that he is always the last to find out about everything,” he added to try to lighten Dean’s mood.
friend,” he added as he sat down next to the girls and buried his face in Charlie’s hair as she hugged him. He would do anything to not have to watch Castiel walk out the door.
“I don’t want to keep her waiting,” said Cas as he finally managed to get out of the bed. “The morning after Christmas is usually pretty hard on her. She’s getting better, but with all the excitement of the presents gone, it’s hard not to think about what’s missing.”
Castiel runs over to Dean, pulling the bag off his head and grabbing his bloody dagger from the ground to cut through the rope tying his hands. Dean moans, his eyes fluttering open. The blood coming from the wound in his stomach seems to have stopped but he can’t be too safe.
When Dean finally looks up, everyone has now turned on him, that same question in all of their eyes.
Castiel’s knees buckle slightly then and he stumbles forward into Michael, tears blurring his vision.
Now, Castiel trails along beside Dean at a slow pace towards their cabin, a frown plastered on his face.
“I said leave!” Dean stands quickly, both hands reaching for Castiel’s collar and he yanks him up before dragging him towards the door, Castiel stumbling backwards to catch his footing as his hands scramble to hold onto him. He’s slammed hard against the door and Dean reaches down, undoing the lock and opening the door before throwing Castiel to the ground.
For Castiel looks as though he can barely keep his eyes open but when he meets Dean’s eyes, hands gripping onto his shoulders, he doesn’t look scared or in pain. He looks relieved.
“Cas, I’m so sorry. You didn’t deserve that. None of you deserved that. But--” Castiel braces himself for the blow. “But were the angels really going to attack us? Was it true?” The tension in his shoulders release. It’s not as bad as he anticipated. At least Dean is asking questions.
Lifting an eyebrow, Dean said, “You sleep like the dead. I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve poked you just to see if you’re alive.”
Dean slipped off the bed and moved to Castiel’s dresser, pulling open the first drawer and picking up the top t-shirt. He threw it on before returning to the bed and picking up the phone, scowling at the smirk plastered on his younger brother’s face.
Ignoring the “Hey, I resent that!” from Dean, Mary cast a look over to her son before adding, “And he’s not getting the last pie. He’s in trouble for skipping.”
"It cooks off!" Gabriel protested back, accepting the can of sugar from Claire and adding more to his stack.
“Come on, I learned my lesson,” Dean replied, his fingers tracing circles absentmindedly over the comforter on Castiel’s stomach. “I gave him a small slice with his scrambled eggs. It’s basically like toast and fruit, anyways.”
He pulls back the curtain and is about to collar one of the nurses to ask her to hurry up with getting Ellen off to radiology when a hand comes down on his arm. It’s Sam, and Dean manages to meet his eyes somehow.
“Yes, I thought so,” Balthazar frowned at him. “I think you need to start taking your own advice… doctor, and concentrate on getting better.”
“I guess,” He turns away, struggling to meet her eyes. From the conversation with Sam to this, his nerves feel frayed raw. “I’ll get those x-rays done as soon as I can. I’ll be right back.”
Castiel laughed at that and nodded, reaching down to press his fingers beneath Dean’s chin and lift his head up. “You’re welcome to stay as long as you want,” he said and kissed Dean softly.
“Look honey, I know you don’t remember much but--” The rumbling of Dean’s stomach cut Mary off. “Oh! You must be starving!” Pushing up from the air mattress, she reached for her purse and dug through for her phone, handing it up to Dean. ”I will go make you something to eat and in the meantime, you should let your friends know you’re awake. Your phone got smashed yesterday, so you can use mine until I can get you a new one.” She smiled and kissed the top of his head before turning for the door. “I’ll be right back.”
gay people, but Dean knew that some people did not take the news of someone close to them coming out well. In fact, one of his best friends had been a great example of that.
“Of course,” Dean answered, drying his hands from where he’d been washing the few dishes they’d created before laying them over Cas’. “I really liked Claire. She’s a freaking firecracker.”
“Ohh, I’ll help with the research. It’s not that I don’t trust you, but I don’t trust you, Sam!” said Charlie as she closed Sam’s folder and passed it back to him.
Yes… yes Castiel would like to know. The fact that Dean had taken the time and effort to find out how he took his coffee was just, well… amazing really. “Yes. I need to know who to thank,” he said.
