“Come on,” he said, “I’ll catch you,” and John flung himself forward. For a dizzying moment he felt the mattress slip out beneath him, but Sherlock’s hands had closed on his forearms and both the girls were grabbing on too, pulling him over the edge of the fire escape as the mattresses fell down to the narrow passage below with a soft whump. They all landed in a heap on the ridiculously tiny metal platform with Sherlock on the bottom, and suddenly John was giggling helplessly. It was a beautiful clear night, they had just rescued two young girls from a horrible existence, his face was mashed into Ruslana’s squishy breasts, Yulia’s bony knee had caught him in the solar plexus, and he was sitting on Sherlock.  God, he’d missed this.
John cradled him through the tremors and then slipped his hand loose to fist his own cock. Omega semen tended to be thin and vestigial, since they produced no sperm, but it was enough to slick John’s hand, and with Sherlock’s weight now pressed against the base of his cock he brought himself off in a matter of seconds.
“That’s not storm clouds, it’s the smoke that hangs over the factories. We must going to the far side of the river. It always looks like that over there, the wind from the coast keeps the foul air on that side.”
“No, it’s just an alarm.” Sherlock retrieved the phone and silenced it, dropping the phone on the table.
“Enough,” hissed Mr. Brocklehurst. Sherlock’s speech seemed to have stunned him as thoroughly as it had the rest of the room, but he had clearly recovered his senses. He strode forward.
“Shut up,” John growled and then Sherlock’s mouth was on his, hot and hard and devouring, tongue invading, conquering, laying John waste.  It was like being knocked down by a wave. All John could do was hold on, tilt his head back, and open his mouth for the taking.
Out in the lounge, John was just settling into his chair, mugs set out for both of them. He smiled and Sherlock tried to smile back, but his face felt stiff. He took a drink of hot sweet tea and then set the mug down.
“Well,” John said lightly, “It’s Mycroft. He’s going to deduce it anyway, won’t he? If he hasn’t already.” The uncertain look vanished.
do that again.” He grabbed Sherlock by the back of the head and pulled his head down, kissing him passionately. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and kissed back so frantically he forgot to breathe and had to break off to pant for breath.
“The Hernandezes,” Roz said reluctantly. “Araceli was the farthest along of any of the victims--eight and a half months. Her mother told me that they know it’s almost certainly impossible, but they haven’t given up hoping that her baby is still alive someplace.”
When the bundle of clothing arrived Sherlock unfolded the trousers and shirt to find a pair of his pants, a large hole cut out the back. Rowan would think this was funny, Sherlock thought. He tried to find it funny. He couldn’t. He wanted to get back into the shower and stay there until he gradually dissolved down the drain.
Slowly, very slowly, Sherlock did get better. It seemed to take a long while. When he could deduce a new patient without stopping to cough, Dr. Woodcourt told John to start getting him up for walks. At first Sherlock could barely get to the door of the ward and back, but he was desperate for something new to look at and determined to improve, so every day he hobbled out with determination.
“Might have got him in the bollocks first,” Meg said. She looked down at Nicholls, still unconscious at their feet, and said, “I don’t think I would have tied him up though. I would have been too scared, and anyway it doesn’t look like he needs it.”
Beyond the ledge was a little cave, so shallow it was barely a niche—no more than a deep crack in the rock, really. Sherlock took a deep breath and reached as high as he could, digging his fingers in and levering himself up and over the remains of the man on the shelf. He pressed himself into the narrow crevice, half-hidden behind the corpse, and peered out. No view of the cove. Unless the men—men? Almost certainly, he’d heard no female voices—followed him, he should be safe. Sherlock breathed through his mouth, listening. Someone shouted something on a rising intonation that he couldn’t make out: a question. And then suddenly, far too near, another man shouted back, “Nothing—it’s all cliffs over here.”
The boy’s name was Phillipe. His entire extended family—multiple cousins, aunts, uncles, and an imperious
“Every one,” Rodriguez said. “Get started on that warrant request. We want the judge to be able to read the request, so better you do it. They’ll be ready for us?”
“My hero,” Sherlock said sarcastically as John staggered over and deposited him on the sofa in what was rather closer to a controlled drop than he had planned.
“So where is she now? Did they catch her? What about the little girl on the plane, are they all right?”
“Definitely not. I said meet him, not trust him.” He grinned unexpectedly at John. “But we will take copies. How fortunate that you’ve become such an expert clerk!”
In the helicopter the soldiers cut Sherlock’s trousers away, but the wound turned out to be only a long furrow plowed along the muscle of his thigh, painful but not serious. They cleaned and bandaged it with swift efficiency. Sherlock was completely silent throughout the ride. He felt dazed and numb, his mind replaying the image of Mirzayev disappearing in a wall of flame over and over and over.
“Oh, don’t worry about that.” Sherlock gathered up their things with brisk efficiency as John went to ready the horses. “I’ve had Mycroft lock my microscope in Father’s study for now. Do let’s hurry though, I want Mr. Brooke to be in a good temper so he’ll help me find an alphabet book and a primer for tomorrow. He’ll be leaving on holiday in a week, then we can stay out all day until tea, every day!”
The both lapsed into silence again. Sherlock considered going back into the shop again, but what was there to see? He looked around for something to distract him, but found nothing, and finally perched on the desk leaning his back against the wall. Distantly, the cathedral clock struck five.
Sherlock’s were wide, his pupils huge and amazed, so John moved up to kiss him for a bit, running his hand along his long smooth flank to his hip. Sherlock tried to turn toward him, but John held him down with a firm hand on his hip. He pushed his tongue in further, tasting himself on Sherlock’s lips, deliberately reminding him of the feel of John’s thick cock in his mouth. “Every bite you taste, you’ll think of me,” he said softly, reveling in the feel of Sherlock’s shudder.
“Shit,” a large and highly intoxicated man said, bellying up to the bar behind Sherlock. “Stop showing off. Did you actually bag something out there?”
He thought about how the molecules of water that currently raged around Sherrinford would one day flow through this fountain, in a city at the center of a vast continent, a thousand miles from the sea.
Sebastian, it turned out, new quite a lot about classical organ music. He was wrong on several points, of course, but his positions were intelligent and well argued. Sherlock had meant to stay only long enough to keep John from complaining about him being rude, but the discussion was interesting enough to hold his attention for quite a while. When John tapped his shoulder to see if he wanted anything, Sherlock was startled at how late it had become.
“Not yet,” Sherlock said. Michael’s phone had been answered by some sort of assistant with strict orders to pull Michael out of whatever basketball-related activity he was involved in if Sherlock called, but he was supposed to finish in half an hour, so Sherlock told the assistant to have Michael ring him back.
Sherlock gasped, and John's mouth stole the gasp from his, closed over his open mouth, breathed warm air into him. A kiss. Another kiss. They were
John laughed, his whole face crinkling into the beautiful smile lines that Sherlock loved so much. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter.  We’ve nowhere special to be in the morning. We’ve got all night and I,” he slipped one of Sherlock’s shirt buttons open and slid his hand inside, “plan to carry out every single one of my special plans.” He leaned down and kissed Sherlock, a kiss that started slow and tender and grew heated rather quickly, and Sherlock forgot all about the serial killer case.
“Sherlock?” John whispered. “Sherlock?” He was shaking, bound to his chair in the dark. The gurgling went on. Lightning flashed, but in the brief illumination John saw no one. It was as though he were alone in the room.
Sherlock appeared frozen in place. “Uh, Sherlock,” John managed, biting his cheek to keep from bursting into giggles, “I think you actually bought us two underage whores.”
“Well—“ John began, but just then the song ended and Sorcha’s voice came on, slightly raspy from fatigue but the calm crispness tones bright with excitement: ”The fleet is in sight. Repeat, we have contact with the fleet. To battle!”
The prince’s heart, already more full than he had ever thought it could be, swelled further at the realization that the shepherd was about to spend inside him. All his sense of superiority, his disdain for these animal urges, had deserted him; he wanted nothing but to give himself up to his lover’s pleasure. He must have made some sound, for the shepherd opened his deep blue eyes and looked straight into the prince’s, and in that instant they each saw the other’s heart.  The shepherd tried to speak, failed, and pulled the prince into his arms as tenderly as though he were a newborn lamb. The prince had never been kissed before. He thought he might never be able to stop.
“Months ago. So I decided to get out, of course. There were rumors—well, barely even rumors. If you wanted to go freelance, they said, you see a man called Moriarty. But turned out he was a hard guy to track down. I started on Google, like everybody does, and guess what I found? A blog! Not a blog by Moriarty, unfortunately, but by a former soldier from the Fifth. Well, of course I read it. Interesting stuff, but it didn’t get me much closer to what I wanted. I did find him eventually, and I told him I could trade him some good intelligence in exchange for getting me out and setting me up as a contractor. He wanted the information first, so I gave it to him. He liked it. Unfortunately he liked it enough to want to keep me where I was for a while. He did promise to get me out if they ever caught up to me, which, obviously, he did in the end.”
Sherlock pulled out a third cigarette, then abruptly shoved it back in his pocket and pulled out his phone, checking the time. Not even five, Sunday afternoon, so not at work; maybe John could meet him for a pint or an early dinner. He hit the speed dial quickly before he could change his mind.
“Very good thing,” John agreed. He’d Googled the dance belt after Sherlock mentioned it and now knew it was essentially an industrial-strength thong—they’d never have got it off.
And then he just stopped. No more quizzing, no more hints, just nothing. John spent a few days holding his breath, and when nothing happened, he began to wonder if Sherlock had deliberately decided to hold off. Maybe he’d realized he didn’t want to solve this last mystery, to be left with a John who was just as much of a boring open book as everyone else. Maybe.
“We can’t know that for certain. If he hadn’t killed himself, would you still have faked your own death? That could have been the significant factor instead.”
Sherlock dropped his head, dug in his heels, and went. John followed directly behind him, not without a pang of guilt and fear. The night was utterly dark, not even the faintest glimmer of starlight to guide them, and John could only hope Sherlock’s infallible memory could get them out without mishap. They were clearly making straight for the gate, cutting directly through the formal gardens and groves. John strained his ears but although he heard shouts from behind them there were no sounds of pursuit.
Running in Las Vegas turned out to be unexpectedly pleasant. The air was cool and dry, sky gradually pinking with desert sunrise, and the paths were gloriously level: Sherlock thought he could have gone for miles. Eventually he made it back to his hotel, where he went for a swim, showered, and then took himself off to the lavish breakfast buffet, feeling much better.
“Well, as it might be a late night and as it’s the weekend, maybe we can find someplace more pleasant for you,” Sylvie said seriously, and John laughed and said maybe he’d just bring a toothbrush then, if she didn’t mind.
Donovan’s friend’s case proved interesting enough that Sherlock didn’t even mind when Mrs. Hudson appeared with a laden tray and began plying her with cakes. They had the crime scene photos spread out over the table and Sherlock was frowning down at them.
She started humming again putting the shopping away—something from that boy band with the ridiculous hair, incredibly grating, but she’d be gone soon so he let it go. When she’d finished she brought his change and receipts over and said, “Shall I come back tomorrow? It’s Saturday, I can—“
James reached out and gripped Sherlock’s chin in his hand, hard. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. In contrast to his squeezing grip his lips were loose, almost flabby, and Sherlock’s immediate impression was of revulsion coupled with a deep curiosity. James opened his eyes and Sherlock quickly closed his own, and then James did it again, this time forcing his smoky tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock jerked back, appalled.
“Well enough; the sopranos were a bit too dramatic and the tenor section was weak, but with a better choir I think it would have been rather good. They posted it on the internet.” Sherlock waved off the turnip cakes and grabbed two plates of sesame balls, which John knew from experience he would eat all by himself.
Sherlock gave a halfhearted snort; he was already drifting off. John stroked his hair and thought about princesses in towers and brave knights and Sleeping Beauty, and how he wished he could kiss Sherlock and return him to how he had been before. He thought of Sherlock’s pills, which John checked every week as he put away the shopping, and how much more quickly Sherlock seemed to be going through them. He thought about the narcotics, which were now, worryingly, down to five.
“That wasn’t so bad, yeah?” Intrepid said brightly.  Sherlock crouched lower, instinctively, though they’d have to climb at least a few rungs up the ladder to see him. “You just stay there and get your breath and I’ll have a look.”
Sherlock did not look remotely startled, though there was no way he could have known that particular bit; he must have deduced something of the sort. “So he comes in as the great savior and a terrified nation simply hands itself over. The only one way to stop him is to rally the country around the princes.”
“Every day is Valentine’s Day for Sherlock, you know what a romantic he is,” John said cheerfully. “What about you and that big guy?” Sally had been dating an enormous, soft-spoken investigator who worked in computer crimes.
Nonononono.  Sherlock had spent the past several days refusing to think so much as John’s name, but now that he was here in the flat Sherlock could not bear for him to leave. He leapt to his feet. “I passed my drugs test,” he blurted.
Annie rolled her eyes at John. “As if he would,” she said. “The only way a girl would be noticed at this table would be if she had four legs and a mane.”
“Fantastic,” John said, and they spent the rest of the afternoon on Sherlock’s bed doing exactly that.
Sherlock believed him. Somehow he got his balance, more or less held up by the man who was now hauling him down the hall with Sherlock’s arm slung over his shoulder. The pain was so intense Sherlock was afraid he would pass out, and when they reached a staircase and the man gave him a rough shove he ended up falling, sliding down the last few steps on his side. The man reached the bottom of the stairs and dragged him to his feet again, sweating and shaking, and then tossed him unceremoniously through a doorway and slammed the door.
Sherlock suddenly gave a low, bitten-off moan and John startled awake, realizing immediately that his right hand has drifted south and was now resting on Sherlock’s bare bum. He froze, horrified, and barely stopped himself from yanking his hand away. Why did it feel so much more transgressive, so shocking, to be stroking Sherlock’s arse than his cock? Clearly Sherlock hadn’t thought so. John hesitated for only an instant before he tentatively caressed the curve of Sherlock’s backside again. Well, Sherlock certainly wasn’t objecting, John thought. He badly wanted to hear Sherlock make that sound again; he was always so silent, even during climax. Really, what was the big deal? John was already masturbating him, what did it matter if he made it more of a deluxe experience? Which had been his goal for the night all along.
Sherlock’s taut watchfulness began to ease slightly. He kept glancing around the tearoom in what John could see was a pattern: door, kitchen, windows, the patrons, door again; but the tightness of his shoulders relaxed infinitesimally and John could no longer see his pulse jumping in his throat. Sherlock had to gather his papers up to make room for the tea things and John saw that he had been working on ruled music composition paper. “Oh, are you composing?”
“Yeah, all right, sorry, I know who you are. Where are you? We’d heard you lot had been taken into protective custody, Irene’s going spare.”
Sherlock had his arms thrown wide again, clutching at the blanket as John plowed into him. “They’re all holding me, they’re holding me pinned for you to fuck me, I can’t move, I can’t…”
Sherlock tipped his head and narrowed his eyes. A marketing tool. If Planet Baby was using Facebook…he reached automatically for another laptop and then remembered that he was in the hateful beige hotel with only one laptop at his disposal. He growled in frustration. He needed several, so he could look at the victims’ Facebook pages
“Come in,” John said automatically. The door opened, and a man peered round, a man who for an instant gave John a bizarre feeling of familiar-not familiar that reminded him of the time Mrs. Hudson had rearranged all the furniture in the flat. Then it clicked. “Wow,” he said involuntarily.
John stood up in confusion, wondering if he’d been in such a daze he’d left his bike someplace this morning, and there was Lestrade.
Sherlock felt much better after Mrs. Hudson’s fry-up, and better still when he was washed and shaved and dressed in clothes that didn’t seem to carry the reek of the Musgrave marshes. Looking at his reflection, he thought that to anyone he else he probably looked perfectly normal; looked, in fact, exactly like the man he had been a few months ago.
he thought and thank God Jeff groaned under him and stiffened, spurting onto his own stomach. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, hoping Jeff wouldn’t try to grab him again, and tried to think of something else: a cowboy, a big hard cowboy, pushing him up against a wall and taking him from behind while Sherlock’s cock rubbed against the wall—where was he, a padded cell?—and that did it; he was coming, burst after burst in the tight heat of Jeff’s body.
“Okay. Effie’s brother was stationed in the Colonies. It’s a hardship posting, everybody hates it; the country’s basically uninhabitable except for the middle, because of the radiation, so it’s overcrowded there. People are starving, sick. After the truce with Texas, her brother’s unit was sent north, to the border. And that’s where they disappeared.”
John smiled. Sherlock could see the corner of his mouth curve up, the skin around one eye crinkling. They were lying on the floor on either side of Sherlock’s door, whispering through the inch-high gap.
“Went to a Rangers day game and snogged his mistress on the kiss-cam,” Roz told Sherlock. “Didn’t do his reputation any favors, but there was no way he could have killed his wife.”
John bit back his hot retort and thought it over. It was a fair question. “When this is done,” he said finally. “When you’ve resumed your rightful identity. If you still want me then, then I’m yours, body and soul.”
“Yes,” Sherlock moaned, already loose-limbed and dizzy. John slid his other hand down to stroke at the soft skin of his sac and Sherlock’s arm came up to wind around John’s neck, pulling him round as he blindly sought John’s mouth. John kissed him deeply, feeling the stirring in his own groin as Sherlock’s back rubbed against him and their tongues twined. He moved his fingers lower, touching the smoothness behind Sherlock’s testicles, and Sherlock’s other hand came up to fist in his own hair as his legs spread wider. John picked up the pace a bit and brought his free hand up to cup Sherlock’s jaw possessively, holding him in place as he plundered his mouth with his tongue in time with his strokes. Sherlock shuddered, thighs tensing, and John deliberately slowed his hand as he caressed Sherlock’s neck and shoulders.
“Jake Cooper,” Sherlock said. “He phoned you to arrange his father’s murder. Did his mother even know? He must have paid out of his own trust fund; that’s why we never found a record of any withdrawals from his mother’s accounts. I assume you’d been his dealer.”
Mycroft paused, clearly reluctant. “Tragically, most of the male servants perished in the attack.” He shot John a quick look and went on, “I know many of those were very good friends of yours, John, and you have my deepest condolences. All of the women escaped unharmed, happily. In fact one of the maids, Callie, who took shelter with Sally Donovan, was recruited by her to aid in our efforts and returned to spy on the household for nearly a year before being discovered. Mrs. Donovan was able to aid in her escape and she is now in Paris. I’m told she is doing quite well.” Did Mycroft’s eyes rest a bit too long on John? Was any secret on earth safe from the man? “I am glad that I can also tell you that Thomas Abbott was injured but recovered from his wounds. He and Mrs. Gregson were finally persuaded to tell my man about your escape, but from there the trail went quite cold. Truly, I thought there was literally no stone in the whole of England under which did not look—“
Lord Sherrinford was called back to London the following week, and there were once again rumors of insurrection in the papers. As Mr. Brooke had already left for his annual visit to his family in Wales, this left Sherlock in the nominal care of Mrs. Wilkes, a situation which pleased nobody. Somehow they negotiated an unspoken agreement in which Sherlock stayed away from the house entirely, and in turn was allowed to do more or less as he liked as long as he returned for dinner. Sherlock would have preferred to avoid dinner too, but Mrs. Wilkes rather desperately invited anyone she could think of to serve as buffer (“We’ve had the vicar
“I’m sorry,” he said again, kneeling beside the nurse, “but I can’t have you raising the alarm, and fortunately for you I have some experience with these…it can be given intravenously as well as intramuscularly, I suppose?”
he’d better pull out quick. “So you suck them both,” John panted, smearing his wet cock over Sherlock’s face again, “and they come, all over your face and your mouth…”
With the surveillance in place on Anthea, there was nothing to do but wait. This was unmitigated torture for Sherlock. The only thing that got him through the next few days was
“And you eat those eggs,” John said, squeezing his arse. “You’re getting a bit skinny here. I want this plumped back up.”
delighted to have them. The unfriendly scowl she shot them made him feel better immediately, so he sat down next to her to bask in her sour glare.
“It does,” Mrs. Turner said rather slowly. “Thank you, Brother Bathsheba. Perhaps…tomorrow, if it’s fine, perhaps I might be able to spare the time for a bit of a walk.”
“Mrs. Turner was talking this morning about how tired of custards she is…I thought if I brought her a treat she might let me go walking now that it’s got a bit warmer.”
“…so there’s a meeting, with Mycroft I assume, later this afternoon. Sherlock, I—I can’t really say I’m sorry because I would do it again if I had to, but I know it’s not what you would have wanted. I don’t know if there’s any way to get Mycroft out of it now, but if you know anything, anything at all, that could help with the case against Moran…”
“Hey,” John said. He was smiling, though he looked tired—just arrived from the airport, at least one flight delayed or rerouted—and slightly nervous for some reason Sherlock couldn’t fathom. “Are you, er, in the middle of something? Have you got company?”
The window wouldn’t open. Sherlock clawed at it frustration for the better part of a minute before the realization made its way through the fog of heat that the window was not merely latched, it was sealed shut and double-glazed at that. Sherlock stumbled back, glaring at the window, and looked at the door: just an ordinary door, but at the edge of his mind he remembered turning off the staircase to come this way, the doorway he’d passed through to the corridor. That door had been massive, steel core with reinforced bolts, and he’d have bet money that it was now locked.
John made Tank’s seven-finger gesture. “You’ll work it out. You’re Seven! What are you going to do with the rest of that?”
John realized Mycroft was holding out the flannel to him. “Thanks,” he muttered. Sherlock had stopped retching and was now folded over himself, back heaving as he gasped for breath. Finally he rolled gracelessly to his side and lay curled as he had been when they arrived. John clenched his teeth and pushed the flannel carefully into his hand and Sherlock reflexively took it, then reached shakily to wipe the tears and mucus from his face.
“I didn’t know,” John said. “And I rather failed to appreciate his resurrection at the time; I punched him. More than once, in fact.” He started walking again. Even after everything that had happened since, the memory still carried a jagged edge of hurt, and he didn’t like to dwell too much on it.
“Good boy,” John praised, pulling back and down to mouth along Sherlock’s long neck. “You’ve learned your lesson? A little reward, then.” He let go Sherlock’s wrists and kissed his way down his body, flicking at the nipples with his tongue and feeling them harden, biting softly at the juncture of hip and thigh. He knew Sherlock’s body as well as his own by now, knew what made him moan and spread his legs, knew how to make him dazed and needy with desire. “Give me that pillow,” he directed and Sherlock quickly pushed one down to him. He slid it beneath Sherlock’s hips and Sherlock pulled another over his face, stifling his sounds as John slowly ran his tongue over Sherlock’s testicles and the soft skin behind, swirling lower and tasting the residual soapy cleanness where Sherlock had scrubbed himself. He pressed the tip of his tongue inside and Sherlock’s back arched, legs spreading wider as John ran his hands up the backs of his thighs and spread his buttocks with his thumbs. He licked and prodded until he felt Sherlock loosen, then pressed in his tongue and felt Sherlock writhing beneath him. He could see Sherlock’s prick hard and straining just above him and felt his own cock throbbing. John sat up and reached for the jar they kept by the bed.
“You remembered,” Michael said, his face softening into that adoring smile again, and then he shook his head at himself. “Damn, who am I talking to? Of course you remembered. I’ve got a white for dinner and we’ll have this one after—we can call an Uber, or there’s plenty of room if you want to stay over.”
“Hurry back to bed, you don’t want to be caught out with that cup,” was all he could manage. Then he put out his hand and Pip shook it, and John thought maybe he understood what John wanted to say after all.
“One more thing.” Dockery’s voice had lost its timorousness, ringing out clearly over the audio connection. “Would you tell me your real name?”
“No,” John said. He felt suddenly, unexpectedly angry, and he seized on the anger with relief—it felt so much better than anxiety and misery. “No bloody way. I know what you’re doing, and I can’t say I wouldn’t do it too, but I won’t let you. You want this to be all about the drugs, you want the story to be that your junkie little brother couldn’t handle the temptation, but that’s not what happened. Forget about what happened before. Sherlock took those drugs because he was in too much bloody pain to do his job. You’ve never been in pain, have you? Real pain? You have
“It was right where they’d hidden the gin! I just thought they’d spotted an excellent hiding place; I didn’t realize it had
did not occur to him for three days. Sherlock had this epiphany whilst he and John were kissing frantically up against the door, having just returned from a late supper/strategy session with Irene. John kept breaking off the kissing to wrest his way out of his hated collar and cuffs whilst Sherlock chased his mouth. Suddenly Sherlock stopped stock still and said. “
That got John’s attention. “Hey, no. You are not ‘arranging’ a job for me. I can get my own job if I want one, thanks very much.”
John tried to walk Ana to the door but she declined. He came back to find Sherlock popping the last of the crostini into his mouth.
Sherlock looked around. There was nothing for it: his only hope was the house. Carefully, keeping his eyes fixed on the dog the whole time, he inched his way to the back door and knocked in a quick flurry. If no one answered perhaps he could pick the lock and slip down to the cellar—
Green Jacket looked Sherlock over. “You don’t look like much of a threat,” he observed. “And I need you a little more mobile. Still, no sense taking chances. Turn around.” He tucked his gun into his waistband long enough to tape Sherlock’s wrists behind his back, then gestured him to the sofa and sat, gun held loosely in his lap, in John’s armchair.
“Nope, we’re doing this. I want to know what you feel like inside me,” John said and Sherlock pulled up awkwardly to kiss him.
Sherlock turned abruptly and burrowed into John’s chest. “Oof,” John said, startled, and then “Here, let’s--” He shifted them so that his head and shoulders were propped on the new trove of blankets, Sherlock’s face tucked into his neck. Sherlock was an armful of angles and bones, one arm wrapped around John’s waist.
John held the object up to his face and squinted in the dim light. It was Sherlock’s hunting knife. In an instant John understood: Sherlock had used the cover of the sudden darkness and Garrison’s hysteria to get the knife out of his ankle sheath and cut through his bonds.  “Oh thank God, thank God,” he muttered, thinking he could pray right now, all right: thank God and anybody else who might be listening that he hadn’t taken the knife from Sherlock after all.
“Seven said we could help,” Ernie said. He held up his hands, and John saw he was clutching a pencil and a handful of tags. “You tell me what needs doing, and I write it on the tag, see?”
Something flickered in Ellis’s eyes at that, but his face smoothed out quickly. “She’s in a better place,” he said again.
“Thank you,” John said and followed in the direction of the man’s vague thumb. Even so close to the stables the air smelled sweet, fresh with lilacs and spring flowers. The paddocks were well maintained to John’s eye, but he saw no small girls. He headed for a burly man leaning against a fence, watching three prancing yearlings. As John came closer, he realized the horses were all fillies. Ah. Wee lasses, indeed.
John was prepared for Houston to be warm—was looking forward to it, in fact—but was not prepared for the wall of steaming humidity that hit him when he walked out of the airport. Sherlock wilted immediately.
“Rhetorical question,” John answered, looking automatically at Sherlock. He was lying on the sofa in his new default brooding position, face down with his head hanging off the edge. He claimed it increased blood flow to the brain, but John knew it still hurt him to lie on his back.
The door flew open and Sherlock flinched back, startled, but John caught him by the left arm and drew him in, shutting the door behind him. “Come on in! I saw you getting out of the cab.” There was no shock or revulsion in John’s eyes—perhaps Mycroft had sent pictures—and his smile was huge and open and delighted, the one he had given Sherlock back when Sherlock was
“You haven’t seen the last of me. I already told Raj he’s going to be my GP now. I haven’t had a proper physical since my discharge, which is rather shameful for a doctor, isn’t it?”
“Still a bit nasty,” John lied with a straight face. He’d begged Sylvie’s sofa when the flat was uninhabitable, and ended up in her bed instead. It had been very nice. Sherlock, meanwhile, had to camp out in 221C, which served him right.
Even after six weeks in London, John had not tired of walking the streets and seeing all the sights: the people, the great buildings, the shops selling all manner of things John had never seen. He had vaguely pictured London as a bigger Blastburn, but it was something else entirely. A small part of him still missed the country and always would, but for the first time he understood why Sherlock loved this city so much. At least now he could find his way round without gaping like a bumpkin. Their first days here--cooling his heels in the small but respectable hotel Irene had found where Sherlock had written their forged letters of introduction, ordered their clothing, and arranged their lodging--he had gotten lost so many times that Sherlock had threatened to pin a hospital tag on him.
“At the moment Moriarty is in a much stronger position. He’s credited with bringing Ireland and New Zealand back into the Empire; he’s sired five secondaries—and on a honeymoon heat, so there’s no question about the paternity; that sort of thing seems to matter to alphas. And he’s made sure it’s widely known that the police were going to dismiss his handmaiden’s death as a suicide if he hadn’t pressed the matter. Never mind the police are the ones who officially solved it in the end, or that the Met isn’t under Pitts’ control.”
“Why.” When Sherlock did not answer, John gripped his hair harder and shook him by it, which hurt enough to register through the cocaine. “Tell me
“Mmm, yes. That reminds me, we must pay a call on Mrs. Gregson,” Sherlock said, curling up to burrow into John’s chest. Mrs. Gregson and Annie were now living with her married daughter in the village.
“At the hospital in Germany.” John swallowed, forced himself to hold her gaze. He did not want to think about Germany, about Sherlock, unrecognizable, skeletal fingers clutching at his shorn scalp. “Four, five months ago now.”
Sherlock stepped forward smoothly, confidently. The wind had picked up and was blowing his curls wildly; John felt a few errant raindrops spatter his face. “All right,” he said calmly.
Pleased with his success, Sherlock sat up and rested his chin on his knees as he surveyed the pool. A lot of families and small children, paddling about. A large group of athletic-looking teenagers, clearly morons, splashing in the deeper end; the swimming team? He’d need to get here earlier and watch the team leave practice to be sure. Some girls with orangey-looking fake tans; dull. Sherlock was studying the teenagers again when he felt a prickle as though someone were watching him. He flopped onto his back again, casually, and rested his head on his bag while he examined his neighbors through slitted lids.
“Oh God, yeah. It’s down to him I’ve got this job, cause I helped him put my boss away at my old one.”
Owen’s eyebrows went up. “So’re you, unless that whole conversation was some kind of weird metaphor for something.”
“No,” Sherlock said shortly. Coffee, he thought. He stalked to the kitchen with as much dignity as he could manage, set the coffee going, and went to wash. When he returned Mycroft handed him a full mug, sweetened exactly as he liked it, and carried on stirring his own cup.
Sherlock was still a moment, working it out. “I don’t take the case,” he said, understanding dawning. “Mary shoots Magnussen, solving the problem without me ever getting involved. I never get arrested…”
” Sherlock said rapidly. “And in any case it’s a cottage, you see, it’s on the documentation, The Beekeeper’s Cottage. It’s quite close, it’s in Sussex, we can go on weekends, and then later we can retire there. Maybe I will keep bees. Bees are fascinating. And you can grow things in the garden or—be a doctor or go to the pub or—whatever you were going to do.”
“Stop that,” Sherlock said irritably as she kicked at him with her spike heels. “John, are you planning to contribute at some point? Get the handcuffs!”
“Do you want to know what frightens me?” John said quietly. “That I’ve come to like it. That part of me believes that people should be afraid of me, defer to me. That when I take this uniform off I won’t recognize who I am anymore.”
He heard a scrape of chair legs and then a tentative hand on his shoulder. “It’s all right. Really, Sherlock, I understand now, I’m not angry.”
John heaved yet another sigh and hitched himself a bit closer, so Sherlock’s arm was not so stretched, and Sherlock obligingly stroked the far side of his head. He liked the feel of running his fingers upward, disarranging the short hairs and feeling them brush his fingertips. He thought of his hedgehog again. He remembered being small, curled under his heavy blanket, running his fingers over the fur, calculating number sequences until he could fall asleep. The Fibonacci sequence, that was the best for falling asleep. If the Fibonacci sequence were music, Sherlock thought, it would sound like the opening of the Ninth Symphony.
Sherlock got up without a word, leaned over John’s shoulder, and clicked until he brought up the drug screen.
“Yeah, she knows a great—Sherlock! Remember what we agreed? No deducing except for criminal activity and STDs.”
“Oh love,” John said. He scrambled downstairs for the pills, cursing as he stumbled on the way back up and stubbed his toe. Sherlock swallowed down the handful of muscle relaxants and NSAIDs John offered him and gulped gratefully at the water, but he shook his head at the hydrocodone.
Sherlock’s gaze was completely unfocused now. He arched his back, trying to push up into John, who kept his wrists fixed so that Sherlock could not reach for him. “John,” Sherlock whimpered, dazed, writhing in John’s grasp. “I need, I need…”
Up in the washroom that night, John reached out impulsively and covered Sherlock’s hand with his own as they rinsed their hands in the basin. The touch was meant to be affectionate, but he grabbed too hard out of nerves and it came off as possessive, gripping Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock went abruptly still and his whole body shivered.
“Here.” Sherlock returned and held up a pile of golden studs. “Oh, let me do it.” He reached for the front of John’s shirt, frowned, and then stepped behind him to fasten up John’s shirt. John held still, feeling vaguely ridiculous, until he was dressed, at which point Sherlock stepped around again and handed him the coat whilst he stooped and picked up what seemed to be a feathered headdress. He slipped it over his head and John realized it was a mask, transforming Sherlock into a black swan.
“That’s…quite good, really,” Sherlock said, angling his head to get a better look. The mark looked totally convincing to him: raised pink scar tissue and teeth marks. “How long will it last?”
“Hey. Sweetheart, hey, it’s all right,” John said soothingly. He pulled another blanket up over Sherlock’s shivering body and stroked his hair. “We’ll be at the hospital in twenty minutes. Listen, Sherlock, I’m going to give you a little morphine, okay? Your heart rate’s through the roof.”
I already know what you’re going to say. You’re going to tell me that if I actually looked through the papers instead of flinging them across the room after a glance at the first page I might find something to interest me. I won’t. Criminal genius peaked with Moriarty and it’s been all downhill from there, petty criminals and petty motivations and no imagination and it’s all too tedious for words.” Sherlock flung one arm out, which left him draped across the sofa like a Victorian heroine in a swoon of terminal ennui.
“What the hell are you doing?” John bellowed. He pushed Sherlock, hard, so that Sherlock fell backward and landed on his backside and elbow on the wet alley. The knife clattered away. At some point it had begun raining, a chill drizzle that was running down the back of his neck. “Get the fuck away from her, just leave us alone!”
A tiny flicker of Sherlock’s half-open eyes. Sherlock’s chest was barely moving under John’s hand. He could feel Sherlock’s heart, its beat already slowing and growing fainter. There was nothing he could do. Sherlock was bleeding out under his hands, and there was absolutely nothing he could do.
John chivalrously located a filmy peignoir to drape over Irene’s naked shoulders and they went out the back window when they heard sirens. They took a cab to Mycroft’s office, handed over the phone, and then went out to dinner and laughed their arses off.
“You’re going to live,” John whispered. He reached for the basin and wiped the sweat that now beaded her brow. “Brave lassie, you’ve walked through the Valley and come out the other side.” He made her as comfortable as possible as she slept heavily on, no longer feeling tired in his exaltation, wishing he could dash straight to Bart’s to tell Sherlock of the secret he had learned. But as that was impossible, he kicked off his shoes and swung himself onto an empty cot next, thinking to ponder more on what she had told him, but he was asleep before his head hit the pillow.
Rowan hunched against the wind to light his cigarette and leaned over to light Sherlock’s. “Of course she is. And then she’ll think she knows why you look so guilty and she’ll stop wondering.”
“I want to see if I can smell them.” The lieutenant scrabbled at his window control and then barked impatiently at the driver, “Why won’t this go down?”
Sherlock was sitting cross-legged in the middle of the mess, frowning into space. “Do you remember the night we went to dinner at Angelo’s on Valentine’s Day? Tell me what you told me then.”
“Can I lend a hand in the kitchen?” Rowan asked when they’d dispensed with the pleasantries of drinks and catching up. “I’m quite a chef. I’ve bought a frypan of my own now, did I tell you? I can fry eggs.”
“Well, not exactly,” Mr. Gregson said a little shiftily. “It seems his Lordship always intended Lord Sherlock to stay abroad for a few years, and of course Lord Mycroft is in France most of the time now, and the Earl himself is needed in London, trying to push through the next round of reforms.”
“I’ve managed all month without having them ring my parents,” Sherlock said. “I’d rather not have them brought in now. They have a tendency to overreact.”
John grinned. “I wondered that too. I’m betting on the kidnapped banker. High profile, getting a lot of press.” He tossed Sherlock the front page.
“I’m fine! You checked me this morning yourself.” Sherlock promptly broke off to cough and amended, “Well, mostly fine. Don’t you want to hear what I found out?”
“Okay, just—here, lift—“ John got his other arm under Sherlock and maneuvered him so that he was wrapped in John’s arms. “Hey, Sherlock? It’s fine if you just want to hold my shirt, but you can also, you know, hold me. If you want. Like I’m doing.”
Sherlock woke in the featureless twilight, slightly bewildered by a vivid dream in which he had shot Charles Augustus Magnussen. Well, that was weird. Perhaps because he’d been thinking about Mary before he fell asleep—hard not to, pregnant victims and all—but it wasn’t Magnussen’s death that had taken the Watsons away from him, it was the White Hart. But wait, that wasn’t right. In the dream it was something about Mary, something was off there….
“You--truly? Where on earth--no, don’t tell me. I’m not going to be able to stop thinking about that as it is, I certainly don’t need ideas of where to go looking for you. Well, in that case, tell me what you like.”
Sherlock hadn’t realized he was thirsty until the water touched his lips. He gulped it down, trying not to spill but too uncoordinated to make much of a job of it. The second the bottle was empty he threw it aside, frantic to have John inside him again. Even lying down seemed too much of a bother. John evidently felt the same way, because as Sherlock straddled him he groaned, braced his hands and shoved up.
It seemed right, and yet it didn’t. Sherlock frowned up at the staircase again. “This part of the house is entirely destroyed. I should have died here. Why didn’t I?”
The restaurant was almost empty save for a small clutch of elderly women gossiping in a corner, but the food was hot and John ate with relish. “Eat your stew,’ he told Sherlock, who was mostly stirring his in circles with his spoon.
“You don’t want to be doing that,” John said without looking round. The boy scoffed, but very quietly, and after a minute he replaced the helmet.
clever,” Sherlock finished. “The Albanians didn’t come up with that on their own. You think someone’s stepping into his place, don’t you? ‘Dear Jim’s successor, my ethnic criminal gang wants to increase our market share, what do you suggest?’”
“Dry trousers,” Young Tom said succinctly as he ducked inside. “I’ll take him, Ned, you change now—sir, Davy says can you come to the carriage house, he thinks the wagon’s loosed an axle.”
Donovan poured water into a tumbler, looking faintly alarmed. “You all right? You need me to call someone?”
Sherlock swept his lips across John’s in a brush of silken feathers and then darted to the hatch. “Come on, John!”
Sherlock made sure they were the last to arrive at Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis’ house. He paused outside the drawing room door—to the annoyance of the secretary who had already stepped in to announce them—drew himself up so that he could look superciliously down his nose, and swept through the door in full majestic hauteur. He heard John stifle a giggle.
“Of course. Now, in the event of a happy outcome, I’ll prepare a preliminary trousseau of appropriate Bonded clothing as well; would you care to look at some designs or use the same as for the honeymoon garments?”
John made a face. Sometimes he thought Sherlock kept him around just so he could delegate the boring jobs. “What about you?”
“But you wouldn’t have liked that as well, would you, darling? And I couldn’t have you getting jealous, after all I did to keep you safe for me.”
“Father says we’ll need to go back to London by the end of September since he needs to be there,” Sherlock told John one day as they were eating wild raspberries with their lunch. “It’s a shame, as some years we’ve stayed right up until the hunting. But my cousins will be leaving in two weeks to go back to London to get Sebastian ready for term, so that’s some consolation.”
John was not allowed to see Sherlock for hours. Fortunately, in the intervening time, he was taken to a lovely dry room where he was provided with a fire, a hot bath and--
Sherlock got up quickly before someone else could take the empty seat at Miles’ table. He slid into place and waited for the feel of Miles’ fingers closing around the fold of money. “The same again?” Miles asked.
Sherlock took it reverently in both hands and read aloud, “‘Soil from the freshly dug grave of Mrs. Fred McCracken, October 18, southwest corner of the churchyard, Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Sherrinford Village.’ Oh,
The stayed like that for a moment, both breathing hard, before John pried his fingers loose from Sherlock’s arm and stepped back. Sherlock slid down the wall until he was sitting on the floor, knees folded up in front of him. He sensed John fishing in his pocket to pull out something—handkerchief, a tissue—to wipe his hand, then folding it and tucking himself away. It was very quiet. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked out at the flat; it seemed unbelievable to him that the room looked exactly the same as it had a few minutes before.
Sherlock looked up at where Lestrade was still standing awkwardly, clutching his hat. “Very well, I’ll take it. Sit. Get some tea and enjoy the sugar and tell me everything.”
the moment that he got it, arching his back slightly and relaxing his limbs. His eyes opened slowly and he looked up at John, who was grinning.
“Well, a bit, maybe, but not at you.” At least Sherlock hadn’t said John would be angry. “It’s as if—what if Lestrade called you to a fantastic crime scene, and when you got there, the guy who did it recognized you and confessed? You’d be disappointed, but not in
“Oh.” Sherlock touched his pocket in apparent surprise. “So I did. Thank you.” He took the handkerchief and folded his hands into his sleeves, following Mrs. Hudson out the door. He knew John would have noted the sundial embroidered into the corner, surrounded by fruits and flowers. Sherlock had knotted none of his stitching, and as he walked he carefully picked out the embroidery, letting the lengths of silk fall to the ground unnoticed. By the time they reached the park the handkerchief was unmarked save for the monogram on the opposite corner.
“I’m in the bath,” Mary shouted back. “I woke up because my back was hurting, so I got in the bath, and now the contractions are getting more regular. Battle dress, Captain.”
”You’d no right,” he said. “You had no right to take that choice from me, from both of us. You’re no better than they are.”
The maid—Meg today, the pretty one—bobbed a curtsey and left. Phillips was in the bathroom, running the bath and preparing his shaving things. Sherlock found the whole valet rigmarole absurd, but then he certainly wouldn’t be allowed to wield a razor himself, so he went along.
The captain frowned, glanced at the poppy field, and then at the sun again. John could track his thoughts easily: he didn’t want to send a prisoner out on his own, but his orders were to get the field burnt and be back to the camp before nightfall, and it wouldn’t go well with him if he crisped a hundred civilians along with it.
Sherlock took out his gun, held it indecisively, and then stuck it back in the holster; he was likely to lose his balance if he tried to run with it with his right arm in the sling. He ducked as low as he could, took a deep breath, and dashed toward the car. He heard a gunshot and saw the bullet kick up dirt just ahead of him. They’re firing low, he thought, and then the next one hit him in the thigh. Sherlock crashed forward onto his face, just managing to break his fall with his left arm, and lay stunned for a second, gasping. His mouth was filled with dirt and smoke and his leg was burning furiously.
John gave him a disbelieving look in the mirror that Sherlock, busy packing his map back into the workbasket, missed. They had joined the queue now and another car turned around and drove back the way they had come. Three cars ahead of them. John put his window down, hoping to hear what was going on. The sky had clouded over now and the diffuse light gave the scene a flat, unreal quality.
The nurse smiled and fluffed up his pillow, helping Sherlock to lie back down. “Try to get a bit more rest, shall we? You’ll be right as rain before you know it.”
Mycroft dropped the banter and got to the point. “Do you remember the media magnate who was murdered last fall?”
“You provide the best oral sex in the known universe,” John said, squeezing his hand. “And this is a nice dessert and all, but I think I’d rather go home now and have one of your patented hour-long blow jobs. And then I’m going to see how hard I can make you come just by fingering you.”
John smiled, looking fractionally more relaxed, and said, “I thought I’d stick to tea tonight. Mind if I put the kettle on?”
“We can’t,” Lady Merton said quietly. “There isn’t enough money for us to start over in a new country. This house and lands are all we have. It’s been in my husband’s family for generations and one day it will belong to my sons; how can we possibly give it up?”
“Oh. You know, I don’t really know much. He’s from some small town in Tuscany, usually has a different hot model on his arm every time he goes out…more easygoing than a lot of footballers, supposedly. I think that’s about it.”
“Bit unfair, don’t you think? Two men have an arrangement, and the arrangement falls apart. One man ends up here, and the other goes to Washington.” Sherlock had no illusion that this appeal to Harmon’s sense of justice would be effective; he was just leading him where he wanted Harmon to go.
Garrison glanced over at him. “Don’t you remember? I do. Holmes said he was sorry about your wife and daughter, and then he said, ‘I’m glad that you didn’t go with them’. And you said…”
“What a delightful child!” Mummy said. “Frightfully clever. We had a lovely conversation. There shouldn’t be any trouble at all arranging a scholarship; she can start next term.”
“Sorry, my mistake,” Mary said to the boy. “I should have said ‘What’s wrong with your mother?’ What
In retrospect, John thought he should have known the case wouldn’t end well: the client had come to them because he said he couldn’t trust the police, because he believed at least one was involved in something illegal. As it turned out he was right, but, as might have been expected, the Met was less than delighted to have this brought to their attention by Sherlock Holmes.
“Oh,” John said, casting desperately for a last minute argument that would save him from this chore and failing utterly. “Yes, sir.”
John stumbled and came up whipping back toward Sherlock, not trying to fight yet, just sizing up the situation. Tank was standing on the opposite side of the bed where two of his cronies had pulled Sherlock off, holding him between them. “Out of the way, Shorty,” he said to John.
“I suppose I’ll go back to London,” Mycroft said. They were sitting over coffee staring out at the offensively beautiful late summer afternoon. “There’s no point hanging about if he’s going to refuse to see us. The hospital in Glasgow should be sorted, but I need to be sure his pardon is arranged.”
By the time Sherlock reached San Francisco, he’d ticked off everything on his mental list (enhanced and reorganized by Grindr Tribe) except “Leather”. He assumed he’d have no trouble knocking that one out in San Francisco, and he was right: he wouldn’t even have to use Grindr. There were multiple leather bars and even a gay biker bar. That was certainly tempting, but Sherlock decided he wanted to give the full fetish experience a go first.
Willfen was back to smiling his bored, superior smirk. “We tested our first products in America, but now that we’ve a proven record, we’re looking for more favorable—“
John lifted his face from where he had pressed it between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. “I am so, so sorry,” he said as steadily as he could. “I am so sorry this happened to you. I can’t make it not have happened, but I can promise you this: I will do everything in my power to be sure you are never cold and alone again.”
“Her apartment was searched thoroughly and no drugs or significant amounts of cash were found, so the assumption was that she had taken off with whatever Levon Singleton had been shot for, either hiding it for Mr. Rhodes or double crossing him, and someone else took it off of her.”
“What if I was supposed to lose?” Sherlock asked bluntly. “What if I go back, and he wins, and I die?”
No answer. Sherlock must still be asleep. John unloaded the shopping in the kitchen and put it away, placing his new bottle of whisky in the top of the cupboard. Then he slipped quietly up the stairs. The mist hung thickly outside the big windows, giving the impression that the tower rooms were suspended in cloud. Sherlock was lying on his side under the woolen blanket, fast asleep.
Sherlock shut up. He was a little surprised this shot had struck home. Now that he’d enjoyed his moment of schadenfreude, he felt a brief flare of pity for Mycroft: he, Sherlock Holmes, antisocial junkie murderer, had a circle of people to whom he could entrust his life. Whom did Mycroft have?
Tom looked miserable. “Nobody thought it before, not until he ran away,” he said. “But you remember when we, er, talked before, how there are some places where it, you know, where it goes on? Well, those schools the rich boys go to--they’re known for it. Some of it’s the older ones using the littler ones, of course; they say some get a taste for it, keep doing it after they leave. There’s places in London, like whorehouses, only boys. Young boys.”
Lavender. So that was what it was. John thanked Mrs. Gregson and carried the blankets back to his room. That night, warm under his new covers that smelled of Sherlock, John dreamed again of the pond, of the day he had taught Sherlock to swim. He was holding Sherlock in the water, and the water was as warm as the air. Sherlock’s body was even warmer, slithering and sliding against him, sliding and sliding until that rush of shocking pleasure took him again, jolting him from sleep to find his groin and belly wet and his body still quivering slightly.
Sherlock could feel Mycroft’s eyebrows shoot up from across the room. “How about a drink then?” Sherlock’s father said, gesturing toward the sitting room. “Tell us all about the new job.”
Next morning John found Sherlock perched on his bed in a curious knot, studying a new patient across the way. As soon as he glimpsed John, however, he unfolded swiftly and knelt up in concern.
It was a good plan. John put a lot of thought into it (and a session or two in the shower as well), but he never got to use it, because things blew up.
“See, I knew I would get caught sooner or later,” Moran said almost companionably. Were it not for the gun and the naked, drugged man on the bed, they might have been trading war stories in a pub. “I’m good at keeping secrets, obviously. I’m clever, and I know how to cover up. But I’m not invisible. Somebody was going to catch on eventually, although I have to admit Owen Davies was not too shabby at covering up himself.”
Sherlock shrugged noncommittally. He pulled a folded note from his pocket and drew it casually between his fingers.  The man considered him for a moment and then bumped his leg against Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock slid languidly lower in his chair and passed the note under the table, receiving a small slick baggie and a folded note in return. Sherlock passed the note back, and the man’s eyebrows rose.
Chapter 13: “Milady’s secret” is a chapter title from “The Three Musketeers” by Alexandre Dumas. This book was a great hit in the servants’ hall.
The boy’s mother, a skinny bitch with a perfect manicure, swelled with offense. “Young children are naturally curious,” she said haughtily to Mary, and looked with disdain at Lily in her pushchair, gnawing happily at Mary’s takeaway coffee cup. “Have you learned
“Yes we do,” McGinty said. He swallowed the rest of his sandwich in two large bites. “Let’s get rolling.”
“Excuse me,” Mycroft said, striding past her with his polite pained smile, and John felt his heart freeze in his chest.
They had all heard it--a dull, echoing BOOM that rattled the glass in the panes. “Something at the factory, I think, sir,” John said.
John surfaced from a troubled, heavy sleep to find Sherlock crouched over him, shaking his shoulder. “John, wake up. We’ve got to leave.”
“You may stand down,” the counsel told him and John slunk nervously to the dock. There was a brief moment of conference and the judge banged his gavel.
The alley was dim enough that Sherlock had to take his sunglasses off. He waved his phone-tricorder around more or less at random, staring at Number 32, and then said, “Listen.”
Sherlock flourished the book open to reveal a large hole cut into its glued pages, a bag filled with white powder tucked into the cavity.
“I’ve got it, thanks.” John had put Mrs. Hudson’s insulated carrier in with his shopping. It had been nice to be in a proper grocery for once—he’d finally be able to make the thing with the peas. “And thanks for the ride and the lunch. I’m glad we had a chance to meet.”
John wrapped a hand around his upper arm. His face was a mix Sherlock couldn't begin to read: not quite still laughing, not quite a question. "Did you mean that? What you just said? How you feel about...this. About me."
“Absolutely, I’ll see myself out.” John kissed her cheek awkwardly, arms full of box. “You’re doing great, Harry. It’s really good to see you.”
Chapter 9: “The Valley of Fear” is one of the book-length (and least successful) tales in ACD canon. Good title though.
Sherlock’s mind was so completely in Sussex that he walked right into John before he realized that John was trying to get his attention.
Barret had been hit high in the shoulder: painful, but not serious. He had his hand clamped over the wound and spoke through gritted teeth. “Go on, I’m all right.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock said, noncommittally. Out of the city…but at Commander Adler’s house not Lady Smallwood’s, and without John. He’d have to think about it.
“Oh.” John felt his own cheeks warm. ‘Well, I’m a lot harder to break than a magnifying glass, and if Cousin Sebastian tries to hurt the horses, then he’s all of us to reckon with.”
Sherlock and Philippe met every day. A week or so into their relationship Philippe’s parents had a fete on the beach, with some other families and a cook from the village and a bonfire, and Philippe invited Sherlock to come also. The ladies of Philippe’s family approved of Sherlock’s good looks and everyone approved of his excellent French, and then they all stopped paying attention to the two boys at all, and Philippe took Sherlock’s hand and whispered, “
“Oh, you’ve heard of him?” Sherlock took the ring back and closed the top carefully. “Not as good as a pirate, but exciting enough as ancestors go. I know this ring well. Anderson could only have been given it by my father.”
“So we’re back to Planet Baby,” Ryan said, folding her arms. She looked skeptical. “How does this get us any farther than we were two days ago?”
“Well, we’re all going to die,” Mind Palace John pointed out. “You’re going to die if you get on that plane. But it rather sounds as though you’ll be saving the rest of us, and isn’t that what you wanted all along?”
The climax was so good John literally saw stars. When his vision cleared he was draped over Sherlock’s back, panting, still gripping Sherlock’s hips. He groaned and slid sideways, taking them down on their sides still joined together, like a scandalous version of their usual sleeping position. Perfect, John thought hazily; he reached for Sherlock’s hard cock and slipped his still-slick fist over the head as he pressed his thighs against Sherlock’s to keep himself inside as long as possible. It didn’t take much. A few pumps of John’s hand and Sherlock was crying out into his own arm, trying to muffle the sound as he sobbed out his release.
When they were all sitting down with cups Teddy said to Sherlock, “When you were in that infirmary. You’d just finished your heat, hadn’t you?”
“Of course not. But you’ve said he’s increased the amount of driving he’s doing on the weekends to see you. What if you made changes so that was no longer feasible?”
“Mycroft. I know you adore Sherlock, but it’s always been easier for you to see his foibles than his strengths. I mean, he’s your little brother, I get that, but you need to see what he can do.” John pushed the phone into Mycroft’s hands. “Your brother wrote this, and it’s beautiful. Listen to it.”
“Not at all. She was employed there less than a month later. John spent the first few months after your death drinking in a tiny bedsit and avoiding all human contact.”
“I’ll be busy once the house party arrives too,” Sherlock said gloomily. “Most people don’t take children to a house party, of course, but one of Father’s friends is bringing his son, and some immensely rich industrialist is bringing
The housekeeper took her chair out to the corridor—it was a straight-backed wooden chair, probably brought up from the kitchen. Sherlock settled back into bed, knowing he was not really alone, but grateful for the illusion. Both the housekeeper and the maid seemed to be in their mid-thirties, and both seemed different with him than the servants at Pitts’. Because they aren’t really servants, he thought vaguely, and then he slid back into sleep again.
The rest of the storey seemed to be deserted. Sherlock slipped along the wall, silently in his bare feet, and crept down the staircase at the end: one flight, two flights, three. He was on the ground floor. Had he ever been down here? Sherlock wasn’t sure; he did not even think he had ever been in the central wing of the building. He was completely disoriented. He moved slowly along the corridor, peering around the corner: there, up ahead, a square of light spilling out. The guard room? Where was the front door? The convent was organized around a central cloister; it would not do to bolt out a door and find himself in the courtyard. Sherlock retraced his steps and discovered himself in an entry hall, with what was evidently the front door: it was enormous. Sherlock tried the handle, which of course was locked, and slunk back the way he had come.
John, who was trying to turn his phone back on with one hand whilst navigating the Harrogate railway station and carrying his overnight case and the insulated carrier, had to look all around before he spotted the man hailing him.
Sally Donovan turned up on their doorstep one miserably wet autumn evening with rain dripping from her red woolen hat. “Heard there’d been a dry spell so I brought you a present,” she said, hefting a large box. “Not interrupting anything, am I?”
“No,” he heard his own voice saying, as though from a great distance. “I just can’t,” and he let go. Sherlock sank without a word, his eyes still wide open as the water closed over them, and he sank down into the depths out of John’s sight.
good together,” he said, and slid his hand around to splay over John’s abdomen. That was—shit, there was no way that should be so hot, not even touching anything erogenous, that big hand spread between John’s chest and cock, pulling John back to grind into Sherlock’s erection, but
idiot,” John said cheerfully, not in the least put out. “Let me just put them in—oh, you’ve got a vase already.”
“I won’t forget what I owe you,” Mycroft said in a tone that sent a chill down Sherlock’s already-frozen spine.
They were separated by dormitories for meals, so John and Sherlock had parted from Mike to sit at one of the two tables pointed out to them as belonging to B dorm. John was starving--his breakfast at the jail seemed a lifetime ago--so he ate with gusto, and even Sherlock steadily spooned soup into his mouth as he scanned the table. They had been told they were to be silent during the meal, but the staff seemed inclined to ignore talking as long as things did not get too noisy. John finished his soup and scraped the last drops from the bowl with his bread, wondering if he could switch bowls with Sherlock if he wasn’t going to finish. He looked over and suddenly realized Sherlock had gone quiet, staring down at his lap with a closed, distant expression.
John crunched ice, felt better, and crunched some more. He looked over at his right arm, which was still attached to his body and seemed to be fine. “I thought I was going to lose my arm,” he said.
“Ohhhhh, you don’t understand,” Sherlock groaned, thumping his head onto John’s shoulder. “I hate him.”
Thomasina returned for him a bit after twelve, sooner that Sherlock would have liked, but he thought he’d gotten what he needed from
s, trying to seem as though he were too desperately hungry to chat. When the meal was over he stood, trying to catch Sherlock’s eye, and saw him saying something to Pip as they got up. Pip caught his arm almost angrily but Sherlock shrugged him off, tossing something back over his shoulder as he turned to speak to Tank. John frowned. What was going on? Was Sherlock hatching some new scheme in John’s absence?
In London, a crisply professional woman went down on one knee before a thin edgy one and proffered a diamond set in a nose ring. “Yes,” Nose Ring cried, “Yes, oh my God,
“Oh, so you’re the only one who can make the rules?” Sherlock said furiously. There were two bright spots of color high on his pale cheekbones. “You get to decide when, where, how? Don’t I get a say in this at all?”
“Oh no you don’t,” John said suddenly and there was no listlessness to his voice—it was sharp and almost angry. “No. You do not get to do this. Sherlock Holmes, open your eyes and talk to me, you bloody fucking coward.”
Sherlock knew that John wanted it over. The business with Magnussen had gotten under Sherlock’s skin more than he had expected; he couldn’t really articulate even to himself what it was about the man that bothered him so deeply. He’d had to go to John for distraction twice so far, a record for a single case, and the second time had at his insistence been truly rough: John’s hard hands pinning his wrists as he fucked him senseless over the desk in a brutal pounding that left Sherlock bruised and limping for days. He knew John had worried about it afterwards, that he had gone too far or been too rough, and only the clear evidence that Sherlock had orgasmed furiously—untouched—had really reassured him.
Sherlock rematerialized in John’s increasingly hazy field of vision at the same time that the sirens turned onto the road, crouching over John as though to shield him while he held pressure on John’s wound at his direction, making terrified little whimpering noises. When the paramedics finally appeared he actually bared his teeth.
“Since I’ve left the flat? Tuesday, for my drugs test. House arrest…a month and two days. I can tell you to the hour if you’d like.”
Sherlock started scanning through without much interest, but then he sat upright and went through them again, more slowly, then blew them up to full screen and went through them yet again. He rang Lestrade. “Had your victim complained of a stalker?”
“Why, are you hungry?” Rowan asked, smirking at him. “Because I’ve got a lovely plump sausage for you to suck on…”
Thanks to all of you who read, commented, pointed out mistakes, hated on John, and generally kept me on my toes. I love and appreciate each and every one of you. (And if I missed replying to your comment I'm really sorry! It wasn't intentional, but I have a bad feeling the wonky notifications may have made me miss a few.)
John hesitated. He didn’t really feel like putting himself out to be rebuffed again, but he had no idea when Sherlock had last eaten, and the visible tension in his shoulders and tightly clasped hands made John’s neck ache. He took a step out into the lounge. “I’ve got stew hot if you want any, he said casually.
They ended up at a safe house of some sort, completely unremarkable from the outside, decorated in a beige blandness that put Sherlock’s teeth on edge. Two of Mycroft’s exquisitely polite minions accompanied them, apparently to make tea or fend off any threats, as the occasion required. Sherlock felt they might as well take advantage of the tea and had a plate of biscuits sent into the study as well.
, but the knowledge he was doing it from jealousy burned in him like acid. He paused for a moment, torn between pleasure and shame, but then Teddy moaned softly under him and reached down for himself. Oh, God. He was touching himself, rocking his backside back toward John, wanting
“Er.” Sherlock tried desperately to think of a band. He listened almost exclusively to classical music, of course, and considered the sort of thing the other boys blasted during free periods an assault to his ears.
Sherlock turned around. “So if John and I went in there holding hands, would they throw us out? Would they shoot us?”
Sherlock glanced up. The man was still watching, and now he smiled, a slow unfurling that stirred an unexpected warmth in Sherlock’s stomach. He felt his mouth curving up in response and quickly looked away toward the wall. There, in the far corner, sitting alone. Sherlock forgot all about the man on the dance floor. He tossed back the rest of his drink, made his way to the lone man’s table, and slid in. “I’d like to make a purchase,” he said smoothly.
Mrs. Hudson had known Sherlock far too long to take this seriously. “But you haven’t eaten all day. Are you all feeling all right? Should I call John?”
There was a few minutes’ silence and then the sound of another door opening and closing. John held his breath.
John had no idea how Sherlock had worked that out—there were only a handful of other patrons—but Sherlock’s deductions about restaurants had always been mystifying to John; he half suspected Sherlock of making them up. He was usually right though. “Afternoon tea it is.”
“We wait,” Sherlock said shortly. He felt suddenly edgy and exhausted. It felt like hours since they’d left the sanctuary. “I’m going to see what’s going on.”
“Oh of course, Moriarty arranged his retirement in the first place, didn’t he? That was his entrée into the Malavita.”
“John,” Lestrade was saying, in a careful, gentle voice that made John instinctively want to back away; he had heard that voice before, with victims. “John, I’m so sorry, there’s been an accident.”
but only if the stabilization were the primary endpoint. I couldn’t stabilize and displace at the same time.”
The man in Exeter was a hot-headed idiot with a lust to kill and poor impulse control.  After he had spent a week trailing Victoria Trevor, he was so annoyed at being called off that he killed her anyway, just for the fun of it. Moriarty had to keep him around for a few more years because there was a shortage of good assassins in England, but eventually he was able to replace him with Agra, who was an enormous improvement. No one continued Trevor’s research, but in the end, it didn’t matter. Entropy triumphed anyway.
“You seem distracted today,” Simon said. Simon was Sherlock’s therapist and he had obviously been up a bit too late last night, although Sherlock couldn’t really be arsed to deduce why, and anyway they’d established some ground rules about that sort of thing.
For a minute Sherlock just lay there, waiting to see how badly he was hurt. His ankle was a nova eclipsing everything in the immediate vicinity, but he knew his ribs weren’t broken; that particular crunching pain was an old acquaintance even before his most recent encounter at the end of John’s foot. His hand hurt. Sherlock blinked rain out of his eyes and looked at it: just a scraped palm. He pushed himself up, wincing, and laced his hands around the injured ankle as though he could somehow contain the pain, and then without even knowing he was going to do it he opened his mouth and howled. It was a wordless roar of pure rage, animalistic and oddly satisfying, and so he did it again, screaming his fury into the uncaring rain and wind. He was suddenly, blazingly furious at everything: himself for falling, the mountain, his parents, his brother, his sister, Mary for dying, John for hating him. When he drew a breath he felt the hot sting of tears in his eyes and that made him even more furious so he screamed louder, over and over and over, because he was just so
Sherlock made himself a toasted cheese with a handful of antacids tablets for dessert and was surprised to realize he felt much better, and not a little sleepy. He would just read for a bit and then go to bed. He curled in his chair by the fire with a cup of tea and his book and felt, once again, that contentment might be something he could have. Maybe. Some day.
“Look,” he said, stumbling a little. He looked away and tried again. “Sherlock, I…if you ever want, if you need to, um, talk about what happened, you know I’ll, I’m, er, I’ll listen.” He took a deep breath and looked up at Sherlock.
For a minute Sherlock felt the longing flare up like a spark in him, wanting that bright yummy bonbon of a serial-killer case, but even as he reached for it the little flame flickered and died. It was hopeless. He couldn’t even manage the Tube these days, let alone a transatlantic flight.
“At least it’s an interesting challenge—they can sing harmony, even if there isn’t a bass section, far more fun than the children.  It’s not as though there isn’t an abundance of St. Cecilia hymns, but few written only for women’s voices. I’m having trouble finding a unique text. It’s a shame you aren’t a poet; Britten had the advantage of having Auden for a friend.”
“All right.” Sherlock took a deep breath. “Mary was working for the CIA, stationed in Pakistan. She’d lost her partner a few months before and been assigned a new one, Neil Garrison. Garrison had had some trouble early in his career and had been working as an analyst. This was his first field assignment in years. She didn’t trust you,” Sherlock said to Garrison. “From the very beginning she thought you were a loose cannon.”
Sherlock nodded again. He took Sally’s offered hand and got to his feet, feeling his knees trembling badly. He hoped he could get down the stairs without her having to hold him up.
Sherlock obediently slid off his wrecked shirt. The bruising on his chest wasn’t as bad as John had expected, though the gauze was soaked with fresh blood. John peeled it off to see that some of his careful sutures had torn. He silently snipped the stitches and put on steri-strips. Then he gently ran his hands over Sherlock’s sides.
“Ah.” John thought it best to jump back in before Sherlock recovered his powers of speech. “I think that’s—you’ve been very helpful, Miss Mason, very, er, thorough, and if I could just write down the names of your boyfriend and the ex-boyfriend, here…”
“I found a loose thread,” Sherlock said. “Have you got a forensic accountant you can trust to keep his or her mouth shut?”
“We’ll take them there for the night. They’ll be transported to Blackburn in the morning to await trial. You two,” he said sharply to John and Sherlock. “Straight back to the village, and no trouble, or you’ll have a lot more to worry over than jail.”
no, where were the girly books? He stumbled into a small selection of poetry, frowned in bewilderment at a sticker proclaiming one to be “Oprah’s Favorite!”, and snatched up one he vaguely recognized. A.E. Housman. Wait, wasn’t he gay? Sherlock yanked at his hair again, spinning, and suddenly caught sight of a calendar covered in fluffy kittens. Good enough. He paid and sprinted for his gate.
“Whatever you like,” John said. “Mr. Roach caught some rabbits too. We can shoot them and pretend they’re Sebastian.”
“That’s pretty good,” John said. “But there’s no way you pulled that together in one night. How long have you known?”
“Yes. I did my best to forget the incident until several weeks later, when it became clear that the consequences of that night were to be more long lasting than I had hoped. The very week I became sure of things was the one in which he became Prime Minister. I rather thought this would act in my favor, as Number 10 Downing Street would be a far more public venue than that of our last encounter. Alas, I underestimated his both his temper and his command. When I told him of my situation, he expressed amusement that I would think he was to fall for such a whore’s trick. When I assured him I spoke the truth, and that the child was without a shadow of a doubt his, his face grew very dark and he told me I would be unwise to threaten him. At this point I had grown angry in my turn and I told him he was a greater fool than the nation thought if he believed I had threatened him. Would he like to hear a threat? Very well, here it was: I knew he was creating a false situation to instigate a war with France, and I knew some newspaper editors who would find the detailed information I possessed extremely interesting.”
Sherlock shoved his book aside and stomped downstairs, planning to cough all over his annoying caller as soon as he opened the door. Well, unless they were an interesting client. John had made him promise to hold off until next week, but that didn’t mean Sherlock couldn’t at least listen.
When he got back Sherlock had his shirt off and one leg up on the sofa arm and two wet fingers already inside himself, head back, stroking his cock with the other hand.  “Oh fuck,” John said, stripping off his own shirt so fast he heard buttons pop and grabbing for the lube. He wrapped one arm around Sherlock's waist and pressed up against him, Sherlock leaning against the wall and dropping his hips a little to align them. John drizzled lube over everything he could reach--their hands, their pricks--and threw it aside, then covered Sherlock’s penetrating hand with his free one so that he was basically fucking Sherlock with his own fingers, and then sliding in one of his own blunt fingers along Sherlock’s long slender ones. “Ah,” Sherlock gasped, shuddering, and John pulled his hand out and spun him around. He shoved Sherlock down over the arm of the sofa, spread his buttocks apart, and shoved deep inside with one hard thrust.
“You too,” the prince ordered and the shepherd smiled. He made quick work of his own rough clothing and crawled back onto the pile of blankets and skins so that they knelt facing each other. He reached for the prince and ran his hands over the younger boy’s long arms, the light muscles of his chest, his neck and face and hair. “So soft,” he marveled, “like silk, your hair is like feathers. So lovely.” He curled his hand around the prince’s straining cock and his smile turned wicked. “Not all so soft.”
John thought, with a sudden pang, that there was no one left now who knew these stories but the two of them. Without Harry, how long would his memories of his childhood remain? What would happen if she weren’t there to remind him of the puddings their mother always made on their birthdays?
Mr. Gregson bustled in. “I’ve just had word to ready the cart,” he said. “Whose turn is it to drive to town? Davy, run fetch Bill and get the horses.”
Watson checked his watch. “There’s traffic, so I can slow us down a bit…but I’ll also have to deal with the traffic when I fetch the commander and I can’t be late because there’s guests, so talk fast.”
“I ran off when I was sixteen with the first guy who said he’d take care of me. And when that guy didn’t work out, I moved on to the next guy.” She shrugged. “What else was I going to do? I mean, I worked, but I never even finished high school. I could barely make rent. And then I hooked up with Note.” She looked down, pinching crumbs between her fingertips.
Sherlock immediately pulled himself to his feet. The room was empty, but that didn’t mean it would remain so; no one knew what happened during heat here. “What—how long—“ he managed, tongue still thick and awkward.
John would have liked nothing better than to spoil Sherlock silly for the rest of his days, but it seemed a bit too close to coddling to say so. “So basically…you’re a fucking genius, and I’m a
Teddy laughed. “Neither, I’m afraid. My real name is Theodosia. A pretty name for a pretty little wife, which was the last thing I wanted to be.”
As though it were reading his mind, the screen lit up: Owen. John rolled his eyes. He decided to take it, so he could tell Owen they were going to bed and to catch them up in the morning. He hit the button and lifted the phone to his ear, but before he could get a word out Owen was saying urgently, “John,
“So we need to go back before that,” Sherlock said, thinking hard. “Something about his death, or my presumed death—that caused the deviation. It wasn’t meant to happen.”
“John, why don’t you take a break. Get some fresh clothing.” Sherlock was going to have to face this particular music sooner or later, and since he still had the oxygen cannula on perhaps Donovan wouldn’t actually punch him in the face.
The man grunted. “We’ve no job openings right now, but you never know what could happen. Try back in a couple weeks.”
“Oh, there you are,” Sherlock said. “Trevor, this is my colleague, John Watson. John, Victoria Trevor. We knew each other at Oxford.”
John kissed him fiercely, grinding up into him and rolled them onto their sides so he could reach down to his jacket. Of course: the mysterious afternoon’s shopping. Sherlock knew that John would have wanted to buy all new supplies, even if he’d had sufficient stores at his old house or upstairs or even tucked into his wallet for all Sherlock knew. He pictured John at the shop: looking over the lubricant, considering Sherlock’s sensitive skin and dislike of strong fragrances, inspecting the condoms. He heard John blowing into his curled palm, why? Oh, warming the lubricant. This small consideration made Sherlock’s eyes prickle.
Garrison sat back down in his chair, smiling slightly as he watched John splutter. “How about you fill him in?” he said to Sherlock.
matters.” He rubbed Sherlock’s tight back. “Look—if you’d said, ‘I’m knackered, let’s just cuddle’, what did you think would happen?”
“You have done a great service for me,” Mirzayev said. He leaned forward and put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “You are not just a guard for me now, you are a son. You will stay in my house forever, even if you can never hold a gun again.”
“Oh no, not that, more the opposite. He gets down, really blue periods…” John wouldn’t have been able to use the word to anybody else, but this was another doctor, so he just said it: “Depression.”
“Oh, my God.” Angelo had gone pale, which made him look more jaundiced than ever. “How can you know these things? You’re a devil of some kind, you must be.”
“I can take it,” Macey offered, coming up again. Macey was young, with wide green eyes and pale hair wound up in a bandana. “It’ll look better than a selfie. Let me just take these over, I’ll be right back.”
You know I wouldn’t, I’ve a safety plan.” John must have looked unconvinced, because Sherlock said, “I’ll give it up soon, but I can’t…I won’t be able to sleep without it right now, and if I can’t sleep…”
A great deal of my fics have been written in coffee shops (I'm sitting in one right now, and if you're in here talking on your phone, I'm giving you the stink-eye). In its little way, this story is my love letter to every one I've spent happy hours reading and writing in over the years. If you are nodding in agreement, please raise your mug or your cup or your glass or your go-cup and join me in this toast: to coffee shops! Haven of the tired and inspired! And Suit Guy, I hope you found a job.
“Smile,” Sherlock said through his teeth. “No, not like that, you look like you’re going to break someone’s arm. Smile like you’ve glimpsed salvation and want to share it with everyone.”
Sherlock’s burning stomach gave a sick lurch. It wasn’t fair, he thought he’d vanquished Moriarty in his mind palace—no,
,” Sherlock said furiously as he stomped into Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He had been outside for ten minutes, stalking up and down Baker Street whilst glaring at the weather app on his phone. “It was supposed to clear by evening, but sunset is in ten minutes and it’s
John told the whole story to Sherlock that night as they lay curled in John’s bed, laughing so hard the bed shook.
John stretched and yawned, rolling to his right side to face Sherlock. He was curious about the notebook, but wasn’t sure if it was something he should ask about. “Why was that boy Daniel so rude to you? I mean,
Understanding dawned on Rodriguez’s face. “Now that would get us a warrant,” he said, pulling out his phone.  He peered at the screen, evidently pulling up a contact, and called from the landline. “Good morning, this is Special Agent Rodriguez with the FBI calling for Bob Nelson…oh?” He listened a moment, frowning a little, and then said, “That should be fine. I need the dates that one of your employees took PTO. Let’s say the last seven years. Yes. Wayne Ellis…okay. Let me give you our fax number.”  He hung up and immediately picked up the phone again. “Shonda? I’ve got a fax coming, can you bring it right over when it comes along with a warrant request?” He set the phone down and said, “Nelson is out the rest of the week, but the HR secretary said she would have been the one pulling the information anyway, so she’s going to fax it over.”
John’s imagination immediately supplied a picture of a garter belt. With hairy male legs. This might be a highly arousing image for many people, but John had to admit it did nothing for him.
“I wouldn’t mind shooting a cabbage,” John said, sitting up in his turn. “Think what a lovely explosion it would make! I’m not sure the gardeners would think much of our wasting food though.”
“One more time, from the start,” Sherlock said. “Everyone is to be in their places at eight-fifteen precisely, that being the time that John and I should be arriving at Number Ten. Wiggins?”
John told him about the developments in the village as they made their way back to the cave. “I bet you anything it’s even worse in Sherrinford,” he said.
Mr. Mahdavi was a small, balding man with a thick mustache and a fanatical gleam in his eye. It appeared he had been obsessed with the series of possible insurance frauds for some time, but had been unable to get the police to take an interest.
“Moriarty is utterly insane,” Mycroft said bluntly. “He hasn’t said a coherent word since we’ve had him. He’s in a high-security facility now and even there he spends most of his time in a padded cell in a straitjacket.”
He manages Kensington! They’re the best club in the league! Oh my God. Is he emailing you about Paolo Fieri? Is it Fieri that’s missing?”
“It’s complicated, he usually—actually, this could be good, there’s a case.” He read the text again.
“Chin up, love,” Roz told him as she dropped him off. “I’ll be back early on Boxing Day, and I’ll bring you back some digestives—I know where to get them in Atlanta.”
There was a distant metallic scraping noise and the dogs stopped barking, evidently pelting off on the scent of all the strangers who had trod through their territory that evening.
“Uzbekistan.” Sherlock leaned back in his own hard chair. “We originally heard Eastern Europe, but apparently that was one of Mycroft’s minions confusing Eastern Europe with Central Asia.”
“Of course it doesn’t,” Rowan said, rolling his eyes. “Outside school then? No? How about a boyfriend?”
John and Sherlock shared a glance and John knew what they were both thinking: there was no way of knowing whether Irene and Molly had not reached the king, if they had failed to persuade him, or if the army was simply keeping him out of public view. He hoped it was the last, as this seemed to offer the best chance for Irene and Molly’s safety.
you’re missing the point,” Sherlock said impatiently. “I did all that on my own, with you as the catalyst. Even though I’m still not certain I would want to live without you, I know that I could. This is as good as I’m going to get, do you see? I don’t need a therapist. But I do need you.”
“Why don’t I have a cast?” Sherlock asked as John pulled the plastic off as gently as possible. He was trying to pretend he wasn’t hurting, but John could see the set to his jaw even if he’d somehow missed the bruises covering most of Sherlock’s right side. “I don’t even remember them putting this thing on me.”
“John. The man driving this car is one of my most trusted agents. He has been tasked with delivering you to a safe location. I assure you—“
“John, don’t be ridiculous. I would have to use all the sample in order to do that, and then I wouldn’t be able to test it further.”
“Sherlock, it’s—“ but Mycroft caught something in his face and stopped. “All right. Fish and chips.”
The storm blew itself out overnight. In the morning Sherlock stepped outside to a world so sparkling white it made his eyes water…although that might have been the cold as well. He decided to forego his morning run. Sherlock collected his laundry (washed, dried, neatly folded and even, judging by the scent of deionized water that had been in contact with hot metal, ironed) and stopped by the gift shot on his way out, where he bought gloves, a balaclava, and an enormous hooded sweatshirt emblazoned with “Moose Mountain Lodge”. He also bought a postcard of a bison herd, which Rosie would like better than Mount Rushmore anyway. Time to head south.
When John eventually came downstairs in the morning (late for the time he went up, had a lie-in masturbating to thoughts about the skinny vegan, ugh), Sherlock was on his phone arguing, for the second time, with Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis’ secretary. Ordinarily he would have refused  on principle to speak to anyone but Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis herself, but this time the whole thing would be much more fun if she were kept in the dark as much as possible.
“Thanks, Mike,” John said heavily. He lay back down and put his arm over his eyes. Maybe Sherlock did not know John was hurt, and thought he was just staying at the hospital, using work as an excuse to avoid him? Or worse, maybe Sherlock had decided to move on if John did not want him? John pictured him with Pip--for real this time--and had to stop because it made his head throb so badly.
Simon walked along at his side in silence for a bit. “I probably would have done as well,” he said after a while. “And I’m fairly certain at least one of the disciples might have had a go at Jesus, now that I think on it. If they didn’t, surely one of the Marys must have slapped him.”
John sat in his usual seat at Speedy’s, watching the damp spring drizzle outside as he sipped his coffee. Speedy’s had acquired a new regular, a glazed young woman in too-tight work clothing and a pram, clearly en route to dropping off her infant at the nursery or child-minder’s. Nose Ring had initially not approved of this addition and had spent the first week or so shooting poisonous glares at Zombie Mum, who fortunately was too knackered to notice. As the days went by without so much as a peep from the pram, though, Nose Ring had grudgingly come to tolerate Zombie Mum’s sharing her corner while she drank her XXL coffee.
“Fear is a highly potent motivator,” Sherlock said softly. “People will hand over their rights without a struggle if they think it will keep them safe.”
did this, not you. He set it up, he pulled the trigger—or he paid somebody to, no difference. Not you. You didn’t do this.”
There was a pause as everyone looked around the table, trying to work out whose turn it was, and finally settled on John.
John took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. His fingers were digging into soft flesh, but Sherlock was undulating on his fingers, trying for more friction as best he could with John’s viselike grip holding him still. “I want you so much,” John said, surprised at how raw his voice sounded.
“You’d never hurt me,” Sherlock said seriously. He looked up into John’s eyes and smiled, and John pushed in.
Wednesday morning Sherlock woke and thought that for the first time in his life he actually saw the point of a holiday. If he had to look at the wallpaper in this flat one more day, he was going to strip it off with his teeth. Perhaps he should take a holiday. Someplace warm and sunny, where he would not have to stay inside a single second he did not wish to—Mexico, maybe. He could have a little hut on the beach. Or something. Open to the breeze, anyway. Sherlock shifted to roll over on his back and felt the drag of cloth against his ridiculous morning woody.  Maybe be would just find a stranger there and shag him, come to that. A local, someone browned and muscular, maybe a…surfing instructor. Or kiteboarding. He wouldn’t speak any English, and he’d take Sherlock back to his hut and fuck his brains out and…
“It’s not dirt, it’s soil samples,” John said in a perfect imitation of Sherlock at his haughtiest, and Sherlock actually smiled. Then he stiffened, turning to peer out the window again.
“Ah.” Dr. Woodcourt smiled at him. “You are used to the other patients in this ward, who usually follow a predictable pattern: fall ill, worsen, and reach a crisis, to which they either succumb or or survive, with a resulting convalescence. That is because most of our patients suffer from an infectious disease, particularly in the winter time. But here is no contagion in this case. Your cousin instead suffers from a weakness of the lungs, also called asthma.”
Sherlock was silent a moment, eyes flicking frantically and his whole body a clenched knot, but then he blew out a long breath. “All right.”
Mrs. Hudson was the only person who seemed as wholeheartedly delighted as John himself. “I knew that fresh country air would set him right,” she told John, handing over another box and bag. Mrs. Hudson knew only the little John had told her, and seemed to have concluded that Sherlock had had some sort of Victorian breakdown and had been packed off to a sanitarium. “I made some with sultanas this time. And I’ve signed up for a class in January to learn to make macarons!”
Sherlock peered at him, but aside from the size of his genitalia found he could not deduce much. The cultural cues were too different from those he knew. “I’m not actually leaving my family,” he offered. “I’m going there now.”
He did the only thing he had time to do in that fragment of a second before the gun went off: he turned.
“Sh—let it go, he’s right,” Lestrade said. “Of course he has to go with you, Pitts would never have allowed this otherwise.”
John dropped the knife to the floor at his feet, leaned back, and blew out a long breath. Sherlock sat quietly beside him, staring at his hands. “I’m sorry,” he said.
Sherlock’s face was suffused with red, although whether this was from rage or because of the volume at which he was shouting, John couldn’t tell. “I did it for you! To keep you interested! Because that’s the only reason you’re still here, isn’t it? Playing these games, making me guess what you like? Because we both know I’m not what you really want.”
John could not sleep the night before Sherlock returned. After a long time lying wakeful he gave it up and lit the lamp, reading over all the letters Sherlock had sent him. He knew it was foolish, but it had just been so long; what if, after all, things were no longer the same between them? Then, too, there was the lingering worry about the eyes that would be on them, an uncomfortable awareness that had never troubled him before. He read Sherlock’s Christmas letter over again one last time, rubbed his gritty eyes, and finally slept.
“Well, doesn’t sound like you’ll be needing me then,” John said, digging into the bag to pull out his rice.
John felt a sense of desperate relief that he’d done as Mycroft asked, no matter how much it had cost him at the time. “But you knew we were safe.”
They managed to get on the train just in time. Fortunately it was not crowded—schools wouldn’t get out for another month—and they were able to get seats in a nearly empty carriage. Sherlock sat by the window and fidgeted.
Even on foot, John still felt nervous as he approached the village. He could see at once that things were off. People were clustered in small anxious knots, humming with talk, and a group of soldiers passed by the window whilst John was in a shop. He did not bother trying to overhear, just bought three newspapers at two different shops and restocked their food. After some consideration, he also bought matches, tea, sugar and a small pot. He was just about to set out when he realized they had no cups, so he went back to the first shop for that.
John’s jaw fell open. He felt sure that this was not what Tom had originally meant to say, but it was certainly distracting. “Their
“Suit yourself,” his mother said, pulling another pudgy pale child to its feet. They were like a family of marshmallows, Sherlock thought. “We’re going in. Stay here and be bored if you like.”
The first finger hurt and the prince froze a little although he’d been bracing for it, and the shepherd froze too. “No?” he said worriedly and made to pull his hand back, but the prince caught his arm and said firmly, “Yes.”
“I am honored to make your acquaintance, my Lord,” she said, lips curving as she held out an elegant hand to be kissed. “My name is Irene Adler, although I will thank you to forget that name after tonight.”
“Of course it’s the right house.” Sherlock was keeping watch out his own window, as bright-eyed and alert as when they had taken up their positions an hour ago. “I told you, all the burglaries took place on Tuesdays or Fridays, which are Alfie Jameson’s nights to sleep at the kennels. Tonight is Tuesday—well, it
She moved along, pausing to admire Sister Charlotte’s waterfall of pale golden hair. Sherlock stared after her, feeling a strange pang of regret. She was
“I’ve spoken with the district attorney’s office,” Aronsen plowed on, “and they have no interest in retrying the case. You do not need to fear that you will be prosecuted. On the contrary, if you can provide us with information that may free an innocent man from prison, this will carry considerable weight when you come up for parole.”
“Wake up, pretty boy,” one of them said, mock sing-songing. “The party’s getting a little boring, and it’s time for you to play with us.”
“He was—well, and with her, but I could hardly tell them that. He was back the same time as always.”
They fondled each other rather awkwardly for a bit and then Michael rolled to his other side, saying, “Hold up,” and then after a moment, “Give me your hand,” so Sherlock did. Michael squeezed a dollop of something cool onto his palm. “It’s lube. Let it warm up a little.”
Sherlock’s lower lip jutted out mutinously. He turned his back to John and snapped at Lestrade, “It was the husband, obviously. Next time at least
John looked down into his small fine-boned face, sprinkled faintly with freckles from the summer, and felt an ache of impending loss. “I’ll write you all the time,” he promised, and then tickled Sherlock up his exposed sides and armpits so that Sherlock shrieked and threw himself back at John, and they wrestled until their laughter drove the ache away.
John was beginning to have the feeling that he had been driving through this endless twilit countryside forever. The long day, the fear and worry, were all taking their toll; he was now tired as well as tense. He could hear Sherlock digging around in the hamper and after a moment he passed up a sandwich and the flask of coffee.
John imagined it: the astonishingly vast empty darkness, the low hum of the wind, the soft soothing sound of the winter rain. There was another click and the rushing cut off; probably too cold to keep the window open for long.
Sherlock rang off, still smiling, and set the phone carefully on the table. He considered a minute. Then he went to the counter to get another slice of cake.
“The management here is very accommodating,” Sherlock said. He opened the box and peered in suspiciously, but the croissants looked good, and when he bit into one, it
Sherlock was surprised to find that the hurt was an actual physical pain, like a stiletto in the chest. He breathed slowly, trying to push past it. “Fine. I’ll get the information to you another way.” He could, too; there were loads of possibilities: book code, skip code; embroidered Bible verse with the key words marked by a dot of red thread…”And I know what you need; dinner guests, isn’t it? Too bad you didn’t have me when the Scottish Commander came. Effie almost always helps with the serving, she’s more dependable than Tilly and less distracting than Meg.”
Sherlock did not emerge from his fetal curl until early the next morning, when John roused from a restless sleep to find him huddled over a small fire near the cave entrance.
Sherlock copied the adagio out next day, after an autumn thunderstorm curtailed his hike. He made a few last tweaks, but essentially the piece was finished. Finalizing it felt as much like promise as valediction:
Sherlock sat up. “Those aren’t Russians, they’re Ukrainians.” He did know the pub. The owners seemed to be connected to something—there had been a distinct sense of shadiness going on there for years, but he’d never had call to look into it further.
He rode more slowly on the way back, letting himself finally think about the things Young Tom had told him about Eton. He thought of Sherlock, small and delicate and--undeniably--pretty, and about Sebastian Wilkes’s awful friends, and wondered how Sherlock had not run away in the first week. And then he thought of something else that made him stop in his tracks.
“Right! He had these black tights on and I couldn’t get him out of my head. I think it was the tights. Because, you know, tights were a girl thing, so it seemed okay to be thinking about; they rather flattened things out in the front anyway, so I must have reckoned I wasn’t thinking about his penis, I was just thinking about his bum.” John’s hands, which had been idly stroking Sherlock’s back, slid down to cup his buttocks and tug him closer. “I’ve always been a bit of an arse man, you know.”
“Sherlock! Hey. Hungozamint.” There was a clunk—John dropping the phone, evidently—and then a brief silence followed by a distant sploshing: John had gone to urinate and was now splashing water on his face, Sherlock deduced.
They were all silent for a second, trying to work out the desirable answer to this, and then Sherlock said, “Yes.” John shot him a look which Sherlock evidently misinterpreted, because he quickly added, “Sir.”
“So what do you want to do?” John asked, trying to keep his tone light. “Lots of lovely hiking out there…I think I see a waterfall, look.”
The door slammed again, rocking the van and jolting Sherlock. The van started up and began moving. Sherlock buried his face in the blanket and howled, knowing he shouldn’t, trying to cram the blanket into his mouth to muffle the sound but unable to stop himself because where were they going now, how long, how long, maybe John was driving the van into the country but how could he possibly wait that long? He could feel his control slipping and bit hard onto the blanket.
“When our interests coincide. In this case I am pursuing rather a different agenda. Tyler Austin’s death does not seem to have left the world a notably poorer place, and my priority is information which I believe you to possess. If I’m correct, I would be able to provide you with substantial assistance, which you are likely to need very soon. How soon can you come to Baker Street?”
“It was your partner, wasn’t it? He’s younger, hot-headed, and he panicked. So you told him to take the dosh and run and you’d take the fall, and in return--what? Was he to go straight?”
“You are the most impatient creature that ever was,” John said fondly. “It’s getting late and we’ve not had lunch. Let’s eat and then float a few more times and I’ll teach you to properly swim tomorrow, all right? It’s going to be hot all week, Old Tom said so.”
Of course, they didn’t go straight home, because at that moment the door to the stairs flew open and out charged the police, looking for the shady man who had been seen breaking into the flat from the fire escape, and who was now caught red-handed with a can of spray paint that had clearly just been used to scrawl
“Well, you wash them up then, it’s not as though I’m paying you for musical entertainment,” Sherlock said. “Let’s get to work.”
“And if we’re caught by anyone halfway clever, they’ll see the bit that doesn’t match and I may as well have circled it with a great X saying ‘Resistance headquarters’.”
When Sherlock came back inside Trevor and Mycroft were back in the dining room study, drinking more tea and arguing.
“You want his aristocratic little prick?” John asked. He rubbed the flat of his hand down over Sherlock’s straining cock, right between his legs to fondle at the entrance there. Sherlock’s head fell back against the wall. “His little prick in your arse, you want that?”
. He walked as quietly as possible, though his footsteps still seemed loud on the quiet street; far better if he were never noticed at all. As he drew near the guardhouse, he let the pack of cigarettes fall softly to the pavement. Then he went back to his hotel and waited. If his luck was bad, someone else would find the cigarettes first, and hopefully not smoke them whilst driving a bus filled with schoolchildren or directing air traffic at Samarkand’s airport. If his luck was good, the guard would spot them when the sun came up, keep them, and nod off on duty.
“No, you won’t.” Mrs. Medlock’s voice had a smile in it. “Lord Sherlock won’t have that. You just need to keep very quiet, and rest.”
Sherlock threw a tantrum, of course, although it was a very muted one by his usual standards. Mycroft just sat there and let him rant himself out, and John got another cup of tea from Charles, since for once he was on Mycroft’s side and therefore thought it prudent to keep his mouth shut.
John was surprised to feel a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. He was going to take Sherlock hiking. Maybe this would be fun after all.
“Oh, I’m not going to kill you.” James’ eyes lit with malicious glee. “I’m going to burn you. I’m going to burn the
“No, don’t. I was too harsh before. It’s part of what we’re fighting for here, isn’t it? You love who you love. Besides, seems we really need you for this. Most of the communications networks are down outside of London—terrorists again, according to Herder, although I’m sure it’s his own doing. You’re my best chance at getting word to our people up there.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” John said, already laughing. “Let’s not get carried away. I mean, do you even have—“
“Sure,” the young doctor frowning at his monitor said absently. “Ruth, let’s get that going and I want a type and cross, and is vascular on their way? Hang another liter of saline too.”
Sherlock looked trapped, which would have made John feel a good bit smugger if he hadn’t known all along he would win this—at least on a theoretical basis. Sherlock was never going to admit he was scared shitless, so he was going to run out of arguments sooner or later.
“You still can. That was more of…a declaration of intent. You can do the actual proposal if you like.” Sherlock considered this for a moment and then added, “As long as I can pick out the rings.”
“But someone had to point her in the right direction,” Mycroft said. “I think Moriarty is playing his own game now, and if that’s the case we aren’t going to have enough time to play ours out. We’re going to need a Plan B.”
For what? He did not even know, only that he longed, that he craved, was consumed more desperately than he had ever been for any drug.
to touch himself now, he couldn’t stop himself—and tipped over into an orgasm so intense and prolonged he thought he might have blacked out.
That was apparently the last straw for Donovan, who muttered to something that sounded to John like “
Kincaid was dubious when he arrived. “I don’t know as I can take her to the station like that,” he said. “Might look like police brutality.”
Hobbes frowned at him. “I like that song,” she told him. “And now every time I hear it that’s going to bother me.”
Tide coming in. Sherlock tied the laces swiftly together and hung his boots around his neck, rolling his trouser legs to the knee as he clambered over the boulders. The tide narrowed his options, perhaps, but it also washed away any traces of footprints he might have left. A huge rock, too sheer to climb; around it then, working his way up the crack between it and its neighbor, stubbing his toes and hoping he didn’t leave traces of blood. The voices louder now, though he still couldn’t make out any words. The cliff face in front of him. Solid rock or cold water; no other options. The rock face was uneven and creviced. Sherlock set his teeth, reached for a toehold, and began to climb.
going to descend into this kind of petty squabble, he was going to eat his damn dinner and then go sleep upstairs. “Do what you like,” he said in a tight, controlled voice. “It’s not like you care what I think anyway.” He turned deliberately away.
Arthur Conan Doyle was a physician, and it's clear from reading canon that he intended to depict Sherlock Holmes as suffering from what we now know as bipolar disorder. As Watson points out to him, using cocaine is the worst possible thing one can do with a mood disorder (Watson is later successful in "weaning him from the fiend", as he so grimly puts it). BBC Sherlock hasn't really gone that direction, although there are certainly hints that Sherlock is at least cyclothymic (the milder form of BPD). This chapter is intended to depict Sherlock as he MIGHT have been suffering from both the temporal displacement effect and a more serious drug addiction, not as he actually was; in addition he never actually had the psychotic break everyone assumed he had had--he was right about Trevor's research. Bottom line: if you truly do suffer from illness, please do not stop your medication because you think you need to save the world, unless, of course, you are Sherlock Holmes.
