A breath escapes Dean, a little huff of relief, because it’s an
Each time, the illusion breaks him down one way or another. It doesn’t matter what he does, in the end, he always finally agrees to follow the latest Dean out the door, and when he steps out, the fake Dean (whichever one it is) vanishes and the blizzard kicks up and makes the path back an impassable white-out. He’s retreated back inside time and time again.
, it’s an ID photo. Everyone looks bad in ID photos.”
Whatever it was, her arm coiled like a spring, and when she let loose, the little dark things zipped through the air and hit Michael like something from a cannon, right in the back of the neck. That answered the
One of those people is now swaying down the path toward Castiel, getting dirt on the hem of her black dress, with an approach that very much suggests that she’s going to want a hug. He has to bend down to fulfil the implied request, and winds up with a face full of red curls.
me for? ‘Course I did, gather round, gather round,” Rowena beckons.
“Different? From... just before?” Dean can’t keep himself from looking at Cas’ mouth, but he realizes Cas is doing the same thing more or less, so he doesn’t feel
says the voice in his head.
He fumbles around the bed until he finds his phone. Before he even has a chance to switch on the flashlight, he sees the time:
“We were wondering if you two would make it at all,” Sam says, gathering them both into the somewhat crowded house. Some faces Cas knows, others he doesn't.
“A plane of reality that, as far as I can detect, no longer exists. Or, at least, is no longer connected to this one.”
… that’s seven days. Like... creation.” Then, after a brief silence: “Is someone getting me coffee? I’ve been driving for
“Right.” Dean nods. “I uh…”
“Purgatory, yes,” Cas answers, holding an angel blade of his own.
The kitchen ceiling comes into focus.
There were other places for him to look: at the food he was pushing around the plate in front of him, at the grain of the table wood, at the fresco lining the upper half of the dining room wall. It depicted all of the Thaumaturges who’d once resided in this castle, but in a state that had never actually occurred. Each set of twins, and the two singles, were painted all in one place. It was a bizarre fantasy. Lucifer had killed Raphael, driven Gabriel away, and himself been punished long before Castiel, Naomi, Anna, or Hannah were even created and brought here. Most of the people shown together in that image had never even met.
” Cas uses air-quotes.
he lets them flicker out of sight once more.
“I imagine it helps that demons, unlike humans, can partake of the food and drink safely,” Castiel notes.
comment) Dean doesn’t hear it.
He doesn’t get to finish, because with a dark blur, Dean is gone. A wild and powerful gust of wind hits him and
With matching amiable shrugs, Notus and Boreas each grasp a side of the merged masks, and pull them apart.
float through his mind in Dean’s voice, and besides, this isn’t the first time the idea has occurred to him. It’s largely been ruled out by one mechanic after another. Maybe if he’d been keeping her up to date from the start, but now?
, and…” Dean shakes his head and shrugs under the weight of it all, “Your entire understanding of reality. Are you
“Would you have preferred the shirt?” Cas raises his eyebrows, a little defensive.
knows about the Goblins and their pets – well, except people from the castle, or so I hear. Dean, by the way.”
“You’re the winds,” Castiel says, reaching for the blade tucked into the back of his pants, not touching it yet, but ready to, if things devolve. An angel blade might not easily kill anything here, but it
Over a couple of weeks, Cas becomes a connoisseur of giant twine balls (why there are so
On the main screen, Sam’s got two windows, one above the other -- the top one shows a feed of major news station video, rotating between them, and the bottom is a text-only feed of headlines. The stock markets are closed, and people are reacting in all the ways people react to disaster: in some places, there’s looting and rioting, in others, relative orderliness, but all around, people are unmistakably
Rowena, it turns out, is already on the way to the bunker when Sam reaches her. She’d felt it, the… shift, or whatever it’s going to eventually be called when it’s eventually spoken of in past tense, but she doesn’t know why until Sam tells her the whole story. When he’s done, she reaffirms her plan to meet them.
for Christmas, and as he gathered data, he’s found the reason: they’re both terrified.
“No, it’s just… I was going to suggest we shower, preferably at the same time, but—”
“What about Cas?” Dean ignored it and pressed again, more firmly this time.
bit surprised, which is the
This meant that every servant could be paid a full wage through the construction, whether there was anything for them to do or not -- this, as well, was Naomi’s mandate.
Is the drop in his stomach coming from himself or from Cas?
For the last week Dean’s not even sure he’s seen her go off to lie down -- he’s seen her drift off in any number of chairs (like someone’s grandma) and he knows she must have put her carpet bag
“I forgot how strange and different everything feels. Mostly in a good way” Cas rubs his finger against the sheet, then against his own stubble. His tongue darts out, and the look of focus as he tastes his own upper lip is like a sweet vice around Dean’s heart.
"All fine, yep, everything's... fine." Sam took back his chair, but his posture wasn't relaxed anymore. He sat up straight when he addressed Castiel, "I uh... I don't suppose I could ask you a few questions? About what it's like at the castle?"
“I’m very happy for you,” Sam interrupts. “Have you made any
In the middle of the main clearing is a tall tree with a broad canopy, around which a small swarm of glowing honeybees loosely meander, each one a tiny living lantern.
It's difficult. Sam’s a born general, and Dean just can’t see himself that way. He would never dream of waking Sam for anything short of a screaming emergency, but when he wakes on his own and takes over again, Dean’s deeply relieved to retreat to the kitchen.
He can’t help it when his eyes dart to Sam, who heard the same thing and is looking at him at the same time, and there they are, nudging one another and grinning like lunatics.
Well, fuck Him.
“What’dya mean with that ‘
That one, he doesn’t even want to say out loud.
to think about that. He has no memory of defending the concept, but then, he wouldn’t, would he, after what Naomi did to him? Now, the truth is so clear it’s almost funny anyone could be confused.
shrug in response.
is enough for him to say, “Fine, I’ll go by myself.”
“Dean?” There’s a thump behind another door, and then it opens. Cas doesn’t have a light, maybe. He probably stubbed his toe or something. The door opens and Cas stumbles into the hall.
Around them, the revelers are pouring one another drinks, and with cups in hand, they file between the trees toward the little side-clearing with the golden tent, where Gauri went before. The festive atmosphere remains, but the change in its purpose can be keenly felt. It is a wake, now, a loving farewell.
Sam nods along. On the way out, he asks, “Door open or closed?”
Wishek, North Dakota, where three people have been found dead with leaves stuffed into their mouths and throats, is a straight shot up route 29 for most of the drive. That means that when the cloudless dawn finally comes, the sun spills over the serrated edge of the cornfields and golden light floods into the passenger side window.
Dean consumes
Tracking down the pay phone Cas used gets him his first hit -- apparently the guy left a bit of an impression at the gas station. He flashes a fake badge and demands to see the surveillance footage, alarm burning bright inside him when it shows Cas being knocked unconscious and packed into a car like so much luggage. That worry only grows when a license plate search turns up an accident starring the very same vehicle, just outside of Breckenridge.
Dean draws a deep breath and lets it out, a moment to collect himself. “How far do you think it’s gone? I mean--” it’s impossible to bring himself to say it, given how he’s treated Jack recently.
Cas mutters something, but he’s turned away and the music is fairly loud and Dean doesn’t catch it.
It’s not bad, for oatmeal. Cas clearly loves it, but that’s no indication of whether it’s any good, he’s starving and hasn’t
Dean laughed against Castiel’s skin. “Yeah. Exactly. Perfect”
in this photo."
Castiel does. Smells aside, he’s still less squeamish than Dean is when it comes to actually digging around in a body, which makes him feel useful.
For all that Dean loves the bunker, there are moments when it drives him a little batty. Never before in life has he had so many
Sometimes Castiel finds people here -- a reality that persists despite the fact that it’s private land, that it’s the “ass-end of nowhere” (as Sam once said) and that he specifically chose the spot to prevent the trees being bothered. It is likely the Grace that draws them, like some strange magnet to a compass buried deep in their consciousness.
Castiel identifies the leaves -- white willow -- but then holds his breath instead of saying the words. Is this common knowledge that will make Dean feel patronized? Or is this one of those things that seems obvious to him but isn’t to everyone else, which means he’ll be scolded later if he
Cas had felt their absence acutely once more.
"Turnip!" Castiel shouted, now unfrozen. He flung himself bodily toward her. he managed to block the limb from retreating below the surface of the ground just in time, and wrapped both hands around the wrist. The force with which it pulled was a shock. Castiel did not let go, but neither did the claw, instead squeezing Turnip tight enough that Castiel worried her tiny bones might break
Cas looks around.
said,” Dean adds to the story, “it’s not… uh, whatever year…”
“Well then how come we’re sitting in an empty field?”
His foot slipped here and there, and the first uncontrolled slide when a rock gave way led to two more. At the bottom of the steep incline, Castiel looked up, back where he'd come from. There would be no going back this way.
When Dean reached up to put one hand on each side of Castiel’s face, it became clear he was shaking still, just a little. He leaned forward and pulled Castiel in, so that their foreheads touched. Dean held them there, letting his eyes fall shut and taking slow drags of shared breath.
A feeling bubbles up through him. “I… trust you, apparently,” he says, in conflict with himself.
Some leaves shuffled, and a twig snapped somewhere to Castiel's left.
“Daaaaaaad that’s
are you gonna make me leave?”
and mean it.
was her name, Dean remembered) appeared at a distance, pulling herself weakly to her feet from behind a large hunk of wall. She was covered in blood and dust, Dean could tell that much, but he couldn’t make out what she held in her hand.
but both of them have something of a point. Crowley had found a pattern, like the sailboat in a Magic Eye picture, wherein the Sam-and-Dean unit always seemed to come out more-or-less on top, no matter how miserable they made themselves or anyone else in the process.
to makes him feel the ghost of that humiliation.
“Too dumb to know better,” Dean says, staring up at the ceiling to avoid what he’s pretty sure will be a look of disapproval from Jack at that comment. “Where’d they go?”
“Just trying to see if you’re listening.”
“What?” Cas interrupts him.
“I apologize, I was…”
What they end up bringing back does not smell
When search-and-rescue dogs are on the job, and they’re not turning up survivors, it’s easy for them to get frustrated and lose focus. To prevent this, handlers and their associates sometimes hide amid the scene of the disaster or accident in question, and pretend to “be found” (with all the attendant rewards for the dog) to keep the dog’s morale high.
Castiel isn’t sure how long he sits beneath Dean’s tree. He tells them both about the orphanage and how it’s doing, about the kids who are there now, and then, after a sufficient amount of small-talk, he gets to the important bit: the headline.
“Among other such things.”
“You what?” Dean wheezes slightly.
Castiel shakes his head. This is a very different conversation than he’s had with any of the other Deans so far. “I don’t know. I remember… bringing the tree in. I went into the kitchen. Everything after that…”
Cas’ brows furrow like he’s trying and failing to focus, and Dean realizes that he can’t see what’s around him, at least not very well. He’s breathing hard, especially for an angel. His hand is on Dean’s arm, gripping hard enough to leave a bruise. “Dean – It’s you.”
When Dean fell asleep, Castiel looked down at Hannah’s ring, which he wore still, on the index finger of his left hand.
“I wasn’t kidding when I said cut it out,” Dean’s voice goes dark, halfway to a snarl, a curtain of chilliness falling in front of his face. And then, before Castiel answers: “It wasn’t cute before  -- before purgatory, when you were playing crazy or whatever -- and it ain’t cute now. You know the rules. You break shit, you fix shit. You don’t waste time feeling sorry for yourself.”
"Well..." Dean put his hand between his eyes and the lamp light for a moment and squinted at what they could see of the sky through the trees. "It'll be close. I can't promise anything, but we'll try."
. I’m right here, okay?” Sam’s voice was too soft, too gentle, too comforting.
Cas doesn’t answer. Instead, he swallows again, and then it becomes clear why: his face tenses, his mouth becomes a hard line, and he gags.
“Not from around here, huh?” He said, clearly without any recognition at all of who he addressed.
Actually,
“I’d like a drink.”
Castiel glances around, realizing that there isn’t as much of a crowd as he'd first thought. His eyes rest on the tall orisha with the phallic staff and the insectoid mask whose messenger bees apparently serve as living surveillance cameras at this little fête. He had never spent a lot of time in what is now Nigeria, but Oko is famous enough that he’s aware of him anyway.
Cas shows him another folder on the little silver laptop, where he writes once a week about his experiences in the
Still, she’s got her own things to do and to deal with in this new world. They send her off with a couple of relics they think have potential, and watch her summer scarf flutter in the breeze when she drives away.
deep breath before he sits up.
“I knew it. I
the seasons change, in their little temporary rental house on the outskirts of Sioux Falls. It seems like something that only happens to people in movies, not in real life, days slipping and fading too smoothly, like a montage. It makes him itch.
He has the mental bandwidth for clever comments because hand in hand, they’re invulnerable, the same magic that heals them protecting them from harm. Dean takes a step back, but this time he doesn’t hit Cas’ back. That same greenish-yellow light sweeps outward from between them, and they pass right through one another. Without the support they’d been leaning on, both them topple and sink straight through the ground into the dark.
With almost childlike wonder, he reaches out to touch one.
Dean stays low and springy as he moves, ready to fight or to dodge or to run, heart rattling. In the kitchen, he tries the sink, but nothing happens. Not only does it not produce water, he can’t even hear pipes or pumps
rare enough that the “official party line” is to doubt those tales, preferring instead to believe that all of those relationships were innately unethical, and the result of angels too broken to realize they were doing something wrong.
The bottle itself defies expectations. For one, it had been sitting in a deep nest of that strange, soft crate-filler material, and turns out to be smaller than it had looked. It’s also jet black and completely opaque, resembling volcanic rock more than the glass Dean had initially assumed.
“Cas!” Dean breaks away from the current struggle to run to Cas, swiping at the wind-monsters between them.
“It’s not 1575 anymore,” Dean finishes. Around a mouthful of sesame chicken, he adds, “He’ll get used to it.”
before, in terms of demons,
The second one is even easier, after the experience of the first.
Dean came back through the door, rubbing his hands through his hair. Sam was on his heels.
much louder, just for you! Could have even thrown a little drool in there!”
while you make your mind up?”
“You! You look like a kid taking medicine!”
Dean tries to suppress it for a second, but he can’t help laughing.
“You... don’t?” Surprise and confusion meet on Cas. “I like it much more than the whiskey. It tastes like… flowers.”
says Castiel’s gaze. He wants to keep the focus on the Veles-killing weapon and not get searched himself, if he can avoid it.
Firs are generally agreeable to begin with, but this one seems to positively hum – a social tree, Castiel images that some of them may already know of the Winchesters and their deeds. In a painless instant, he severs the tree about twelve inches from the ground. Grace flares in his eyes as he carefully returns the core of the tree to its stump and blesses it, that it may grow just as fruitfully once more.
This particular feeling might just top the list.
Lucifer said something back. It didn’t matter what it was. All the mattered was holding air until the opportunity came to quickly let it out and bring in again.
“We might have been scolded,”
I listened to, Gregorian chanting?”
make the rules,” Sam protests.
"Em -- Emmanuel," Dean answered, his gaze jumping back and forth between them.
For all his focus a moment before, Sam looks up the second Dean and Cas appear in view. He’s clearly glancing over Cas’ shoulder, to where the wings no longer are, and then to where their hands are linked, and his face is a question.
“No rules. Just pick one.”
Their road turns them east, and as the car devours familiar interstate highway miles, they get to introduce Jack to some of their favorite road trip meals, songs, and games.
The guy (Stan-from-ATVA, in Dean’s mind) is apparently about ninety percent retired and living over in Worthington, and the favor he feels he owes Jody is enough to get him out of the house on short notice.
Dean only dips out of the room for a moment to secure a different t-shirt to wear (and one for Cas, while he’s at it.) Even after they’re dressed, they still cling to one another like the mattress is a piece of a floating shipwreck.
He gets in the car, and sits there until the stars come out.
“Probably full of ticks,” Dean points out under his breath, but no one else seems to be against it, so he pulls the car over anyway.
here, because he’s scared he’ll say the wrong thing, sound too much like the long-ago imaginary Sam, and be the thing that actually shoves Dean overboard.
Maybe only to kill one of them again, maybe bring them back again. Maybe again and again, since he seems to like that sort of thing so much. The very thought of it leaves him tired.
looking over a laminated menu with an obviously-staged casual air. For a fraction of a second Castiel is convinced that this, too, is a conjuration of his exhaustion and loneliness, but no: as skilled as his newly human imagination seems to be, this is almost certainly beyond its limits.
“Would you step on a kitten for a chocolate bar?” Sam asks, achingly direct.
This only changed after Dean’s last sacrifice, when just existing in the bunker with his memory wore both Sam and Castiel so thin they nearly tore apart. He remembers when Sam emerged, pale and blinking, into the library, for long enough to ask Castiel to go for a drive with him.
The feeling lingered, even after they bundled back up and went out into the cold of the  wee hours. The bartender gamely filled up both the oil in Dean's lantern, and the liquor in a flask that Dean produced from somewhere inside one of his layers of clothing. Only when Dean thanked her did Castiel realize her name was Ellen.
and from Cas’ reaction it’s obvious that he agrees with how sound this reasoning is.
Castiel never met her himself, but he can name an angel or two who has. Her face is almost entirely covered by a mask loosely inspired by a horse’s head, but her posture suggests a gentle unhappiness.
or maybe
“Jack’s is fine.”
Through the gaps, Castiel can see a mini-clearing with a golden tent, unique, as the rest of them sport little campfires at their centers instead. The whole place
Cas doesn’t move, doesn’t reach out, doesn’t make contact with the door. Rather, he simply commands it to open, and it does, closing behind him just as obediently.
When Dean suggests they go for a drive and get some fresh air, Sam and Cas are on board straight away (if he can't do anything else, he knows what the people he cares about need) and while Rowena’s not as enthusiastic, she’s not against it either.
(When is a door not a door?)
Anger, at least this
“...But you don’t want to, though, am I right?”
“It won’t be,” Sam assured. “That’s why I’m not going anywhere. Whatever happens to us, it happens to us
Dean frowned, held up a mollifying hand to Castiel, and then followed his brother outside.
It’s more like getting grilled by a lawyer than he’d imagined therapy would be. The dude is relentless, he picks lies apart like they’re cotton candy and is allergic to “I don’t know” and “I don’t remember.”
He gathers her hands into his own. “How long have we known each other?”
Even Turnip seemed to grow fat, feasting on the worms and insects that emerged from their holes as the weather warmed.
they circle back to the Cas issue, and after a brief debate over whether it’s most likely a grudge thing that hit Cas alone, or an effect of Chuck’s departure with an impact on
Last time he woke up like this, he had black eyes.
When he leans in and presses his mouth to Cas’, it is against his better judgment and yet, he finds that it is everything he imagined it might be.
Sam guesses, “You think we should go after Cas.”
“Sam,” Dean says softly, standing over his bed. When he doesn’t wake right away, Dean gives him a gentle shove. “Sam, sorry man, but you’re gonna wanna see--”
“Got it in one.” He sets down his glass.
as I was, I don’t have those abilities anymore.”
“I got it.” Dean really tries to stop him there.
Naturally the whole area must be cloaked somehow, given that there haven’t been any reports of giant autumnal forests appearing on the plains, but from the inside of whatever this is, the trees are firm, substantial. If he were to wake up here, he wouldn’t realize it was manufactured, nor would he correctly guess the location.
They go over it, confirming that their memories are the same, and Donna puts the phone on speaker, asks Jody, and the kids, everyone’s got the same story they do, minus the power outage.
Before long, Cas is squirming reactively against him, as if he can hardly help it. His breathing syncopates beautifully against the shell of Dean’s ear.
Blame and spite visit him like fae creatures, and he listens to their song of
“The headgear.” Dean says, on-the-nose as always.
“Yes,” Castiel says, “thank you.”
“Well, what does it say?” He doesn’t even move to pull his head out from the box he’s examining, making his own voice sound strange to him.
Dean raises his mug. “A toast, to the incoming class of the Sam and Dean Winchester School of Being Human.”
“Sam, you gotta run,” Dean said quietly, between lunges forward to breathe.
“Please…
you feel this good all the time,” Dean counters.
it, bowled over by how much he missed it, even going so far as to imagine it, to conjure the sound in his imagination when he was alone.
Cas says something fluid and snakelike in some other language, a rasping mutter against Dean’s mouth, he has no idea what the fuck Cas is saying but he loves it anyway. The things he feels and the things he does to Cas blur together as they get twisted up in one another’s pleasure.
Cas can’t help but laugh a little around Dean’s cock as he slides his tongue in circles, and other shapes. He draws gasps and groans like water from a well, and from that well he drinks deeply.
Nevertheless, Sam was
“Just saying,” Eileen returns, spoken and signed at the same time.
(Once upon a time, he’d imagined it would be legal work that would give him the pleasure of important information skillfully found, but he’ll take it where he can get it.)
“Yeah.” A little tension goes out of Sam’s shoulders. “I don’t think it’s so weird. I’m scared too. The stuff coming over the wire… Everything just seems...” He shakes his head, sighs and runs his hand through his hair, the way he does when he’s trying to self-soothe. “I didn’t want to say anything, ‘cause I thought maybe you two would want some privacy.”.
it sang,
Baby was
His idea, his madness, or a spirit in his midst, there was no way to tell.
Or maybe they’re in the box. Maybe he made the box and
“Yeah? For the…”
At the present moment, Rowena’s been passed out in an armchair for a couple of hours, bottle of whiskey still in her lap. Cas has been out for almost seven, and Sam’s been down for three.
where we headed?"
“Cas--” Dean starts, but is abruptly cut off as Cas lets himself down close enough to reach Dean’s mouth, to lick into it and breathe into it -- a blessing that Dean receives with gratitude as he gasps for that same air.
There’s no way to know exactly how long, with the starless night above, and he simply follows the faint path through the barren trees.
Not to leave the castle while Michael is away, that was Naomi’s order. Well, Michael wouldn’t ride until morning – she’d said that, too. Technically, it wasn’t disobedience. If he was to be essentially a prisoner for a fortnight or more, then training could wait, but the fresh air could not.
The crow bolted, and the prince followed.
“What?”
“Are those…
“We’re in Omaha.” Dean regrets this truth as soon as it’s out of his mouth. He should have lied and said he was farther out.
Dean knows better than to say anything to that. He almost does anyway, but manages to keep his mouth shut.
His brain catches up with itself and he allows himself to realize just the cusp what it’s trying to tell him, and then he sets that aside and focuses on the conversation Dean’s having with Sam.
of a sphere, rather than the outside.
“I think we should do a case. Me and Cas.”
Okay.
gets a laugh out of Dean.
“I volunteered to make sure you didn’t choke on your own vomit. You were a bit meaner to them.” Jack says, very matter-of-fact. He follows it up with the most gone-native millennial thing Dean could imagine: “You mostly just accused
She has a point. There’s been a discussion about connecting the bunker to real, non-magical utilities, and based on what little they know about it, they’re not sure if it’s possible at all. If it is, it’d probably cost as much as putting up new construction, and Dean doesn’t even want to think about what the gas and power bills would look like. All that money and maintenance, just to live underground, it hardly seems worth it.
Where are they, anyway?
all its own.
Dean leans over Sam’s shoulder, watching in real-time as the replies come fast and furious. Variations on the same theme: all the downed monsters and humans alike produce a ball of light, that goes up and joins the big one.
“Castiel…” Her voice warns. Her eyes flick down to the empty glass vial on its leather cord around his neck. “I’m getting a… funny sense off of you, and not funny-ha-ha. Don’t go doing anything… stupid, you hear me?”
In case you're wondering if Stan is who you think he is-- he is. Part of the inspiration for this chapter and how to resolve it was me sighing and going "gosh what he really needs is Stanley Keyworth" and then going "well heck, let him have Stanley, then!"
Dean rests his fingers loosely on Cas’ cock, not unlike the way he'd done before when they'd been clothed. He doesn’t move them from there, just yet -- he shifts his gaze upward a bit slowly, savoring the flush on Cas’ chest and neck before he reaches his goal: eyes the color of mountains on the horizon.
Jack then defends, against anticipated accusations of naivete, “You know, I already
There is silence, or near enough to it. Slowly, experimentally, he straightens up and pulls his arms away from his face. Seeing only the dark-red-nothing ordinary to closed eyes in a lit room, he permits himself a few blinks.
“The shirt is fine,” he says, “but I was told that the pants I found most comfortable were not appropriate.”
It’s not the
“Just that kind of day, I guess,” Dean says toward the mouthpiece, with a knowing glance at Castiel, who doesn’t return it, but does take a sip from the bottle of gin. He watches Dean discreetly do the same from his own, browner bottle, with a silent gesture almost like a toast. “Did he give you some good intel at least?”
The orphanage would know. The legend lives on among the kids and families and staff at the
that power anymore. The people do, the mountain does.
“Birthday?” Cas frowns and looks at Sam as though trying to tease out secreted information, but Sam only shrugs.
but is too breathless so he just gives Jack a nod and a thumbs up.
“We got her! TAKE THAT, GOBLIN BITCH!” Dean shouted into the trees, between laughing so hard he could hardly stand up straight.
this with that crack about flight, and now he’s acting like the hard left turn of the conversation is
There’s a sort of pause, by the end of which they’ve wordlessly agreed on the plan. Dean slides the most accessible bottle from the crate and the two of them scurry into the better light of the hall to get a look at it.
Dean strides forward with purpose toward the edge of the forest. The next time he turns, Sam’s not just better, he’s outright grinning – as if each step in Dean’s footprints brings warmth and strength. In this way, they’re able to make it to where the trees begin, and Dean steps through across the harsh border and into the woods.
-- a bunch of misfit god-creatures, getting together and dressing up in costumes for some kind of event that Crowley knows all about, because he apparently has a history of trying to attend without getting caught.
Castiel.
toe. He gets a fast food order with a minor mistake and he throws everyone’s food out the car window, and then swerves to startle Jack when he complains.
“Yes?” Cas pulls away long enough to ask.
Then Cas starts to lower his own arm too, and Dean’s own swings to his side without any difficulty. For a moment, he can feel Cas appraising his posture, and, with that accomplished, Cas gets to his feet with very little struggle.
“Sam’s here. I’m here. You’re here. We’re gonna get you stable, and then we can…” Dean allows himself the littlest of smiles, now. “Compare notes. All you want. Figure it all out, together.”
He does. He fumbles with dead leaves, browns and reds crumbling under his (their) hands. The third thing is control of his limbs and torso, which he achieves enough to sit up in the golden light of the clearing, though he has to be very deliberate about it, one muscle group at a time. After that there is understanding, suffusing his veins and going to his head like wine.
“Cas?” Dean’s hand slips into Castiel’s, and the wind stops. The snow stops.
Part One: Prodrome | Chapter Two: Landed
“Rowena!?” Dean calls out in one direction, and Sam echoes it in the other.
“Shit—” Dean whispers, and it’s about the most awe Cas has ever heard injected into that particular word.
"Turnip?" He hissed to the woods.
“Indeed.”
dude. You dropped me
there’s a kernel of truth there: as far as he’s concerned, he’s a shitty teacher and an even shittier example as much in relationships as in everything else.
Angels are meant to fly: after a few years grounded, it’s a pleasure he doesn’t think he will ever take for granted again. Flying with a nine-foot pine tree in tow is a little tricky, but he was always one of the most technical fliers in the garrison, and the challenge feels more like a pleasant stretch than a chore.
“Just text me what you got.”
Whatever he was expecting Cas to say next, it wasn’t, “Do you know
it, but that part can generally fuck off.
Dean recognizes all this shifting about for what it is: a somewhat grumpy invitation to sit, in that specific spot. So, he lowers himself creakily to the floor on the blanket. Sitting on the floor at forty isn’t quite what it used to be, but when he leans back against the side of the mattress, he’s got a lazy wing on one side of him and Cas’ face on the other. He can smell dry static and sunlight off him, and if that’s what it smells like when grace comes up, well that’s not so bad.
By the time he gets there, Sam’s already on the scene, right outside the doorway to the Dean-cave.
too easy to find you. You can’t be this sloppy now that you’re not a walking nuke.” Dean spears a french fry with his fork and sounds uncannily like his father as he mutters, “Next thing I’ll find out all your passwords are
He’s spent much of his existence in places by himself, but this feels like a different thing altogether -- not the comfortable, unbothered solace that an angel might find in a glacial cave or a windswept desert, but an entirely new-to-Castiel kind of alone, a precarious kind, like walking a tightrope without a net.
Castiel doesn’t know exactly what he’s meant to say to that, so he softens his control and lets his face do what it wants, which is to furrow his eyebrows in confusion.
He looks up, and Sam is gone. Even though it’s just some version of Sam conjured by Cas’ mind, Dean feels the loss. The fortress in this distance has vanished, and so have the robes – he’s back in his t-shirt and flannel, alone in the blizzard just past where the woods begin.
going to go out in the woods, it’ll be off the beaten path, and with a
“We could also assist in the research,” Cas suggests, a bit pointedly.
“I feel like I’ve been Mary-Poppins’d into a postcard of New England,” Dean comments. Most of his face is covered by the oryx mask, but the line of his mouth is curved just a little, suggesting that whatever that’s supposed to mean, it’s is a positive comparison.
With Sam’s assistance, Dean did the rhythm again, but the water was higher when it came flooding back. That was probably the last breath he was going to get. It was wet, and that made it hard to hold.
“I’ve got a couple of workbooks for you too, actually.”
“Cas!” Dean stumbles forward beneath the ice archway, out into a wild expanse of windblown snow and black volcanic rock, but there’s nothing there.
as quickly as possible. “We should probably wait until Cas gets back, see what he has to say about the stuff.”
What was the point?
“Let me tell you, man, you’re a sight for sore eyes, and feet,” Dean huffs out a little laugh. He closes the door behind him, approaches the fire, and toes off his boots before he lowers himself to sit cross-legged on the floor next to Castiel – close, but not too close. “How are you doing?”
As if on cue, the top edge of the sun winks out below the horizon, and something
“What?” The word is punched out of Dean, through a startled laugh. “Uh, yeah. But how do
“Also,” Jack says, in that
“Are you saying you’re
He experiments with standing, and gets it on the second try, with the help of the table. Dean moves like he’s going to assist, but the look Cas shoots him is clear: he wants to do it by himself, no matter how much concentration it takes to drag himself, wings and all, down the hallway.
And besides, Cas has had just about
about being human. It’s just pleasant to… if being human now is like speaking a second language twenty-four-seven, this feeling is getting to watch a television show in my native tongue.”
“--It’s always like… you can only stab it with a tusk from a baby elephant, dipped in the blood of a Canadian podiatrist and blessed by Danny DeVito, crap like that.”
They are disguised by their masks, but only in the loosest sense. They are not hiding what they are, in the way of most gods faced by hunters, rather they are merely toying with the aesthetic of concealment.
Stan From ATVA says, cool and even, in a tone like he’s said this many times before, “This isn’t eat-pray-love, Dean. You’ve got the wrong idea of the win condition here. We don’t win when everything is okay. We win when you have the tools to
“Good to have you back, kid, however it happened,” Dean acknowledges.
She knew very well what he meant, he was sure of that, and there wasn’t anything he could say that would be to his advantage. He bit his tongue.
“Very well,” Ezekiel says with a single, curt nod of Sam’s head. “Intercept him to ascertain his safety if you insist, but do not bring him back here under any circumstances.”
Maintaining Baby hasn’t been easy. He can “heal” small problems -- dents, scratches, and the like -- but anything more complicated or intensive requires doing things the old fashioned way. He could hold her together with pure grace, but it would be a level of constant attention that is unsustainable. (He discovered this the hard way.)
Naomi (
Sam grits his teeth and decides on a way to play this that won’t leave him regretting attempting at all.
be trusted, or has he truly become paranoid?”
“I don’t suppose you’d know where this... Big Otis... was headed, miss?” Dean asks, all professionalism, perfectly concealing his inner
“Jack?” Dean rasps. His throat feels like he’s been eating razors. “What’s going on?”
If so, Castiel has to agree. The wind kicks up and more leaves flutter to the ground around them. It’s genuinely beautiful. It even
working there. I actually
And screw it, Sam’s going find out one way or another. Might as well have a little fun with it. Dean rolls onto his side and reaches out for Cas’ face. He cups Cas’ jaw, and Cas instantly catches on and there they are, crashing into one another (for the
“He’s probably fine,” Sam says.
influence,” She says, smirking with her entire body. “Been awhile, I take it?”
through his legs. He heard himself scream expletives inside his own head and every muscle in his body tensed, and then relaxed. Something cool swept from his hips down to his feet, like he was being covered in ice just as strong arms pulled him from the water.
Castiel pressed his hands into Dean’s shoulders, as if to steady him. “You can’t save everyone, Dean.”
There was another high-pitch whistle. Dean opened his eyes just in time to see the little former-gate sweep upward into the air, a shooting star in reverse, and high above them,
Dean hesitates.
“Well, I accept the donation, of course.” She can’t hide the little smile as she gives Baby a once-over. “We’ll have to have a plaque made. Come inside?”
There’s never any evidence that everything is real, but he keeps getting up in the morning anyway, until it’s a habit.
The weather's got almost everybody outside, so when Sam takes a call, he does it in the half-empty living room. Dean's got one ear out, as always, even from a couple rooms away. When it sounds like the directions aren't going well, he trails into the room to see if he can do anything to help.
Not one to miss an opportunity anymore, he makes use of the proximity to the toilet, turns off the shower, and emerges back into the hotel room. The air is cool and dry compared to the wet heat he’d filled the bathroom with, and the lights are out, a contrast that leaves his human eyes blinded. He flips the bathroom switch to
that they were on a case--
Dean puts down his beer. He cups Cas’ face with both hands, and Cas mirrors the gesture as they kiss.
“Ambidextrous,” Cas answers between stabs.
I like any of these more than the others, I wouldn’t know which.”
” says the older one loudly.
There’s no comment from Sam, in any case.
“Cas—Cas you gotta—I still want—
And then it’s done, and they are deep in the woods.
“That’s just it… There was a flurry of ghost and demon activity before, and overall the reports of monsters are -- globally -- still way above normal. But now, it’s all living stuff only. Werewolves, vampires, that kind of thing. No ghosts, no zombies, no demons, nothing
This is easier for Sam to agree to, and he dives back into his keyboard to handle his end of that deal.
Cas murmurs that he wouldn’t mind a coffee, and Dean can certainly manage that.
He’d seen this before. The “smiling death,” physicians called it -- it wasn’t all that rare in the mine. There’d be an accident, someone would get pinned by a leg or an arm, and they would seem strangely alright, until you moved whatever held them down, and then...
He could ask Crowley.
Sure, Crowley might not have any idea, but he’s also full of weird surprises, and it’s not as if there’s really any consequence to finding out, given that he’s extremely trapped. Sam’s never seen
“What? Cas is my friend too, you know. And the two of us can drive twice as long. Plus, it’s like you said, it’s turning into chaos out there, what if--”
socially aware enough to know better than to mention it, even in gratitude. Castiel must keep secret the burst of warmth that swells in the hollow of his throat and flutters out through his shoulders and arms like the end of a firework when he catches one of these hidden gestures. If he breaks the shared fiction that none of it is happening at all, then it will stop happening, which is incentive enough to play his role.
As soon as he draws it out, Dean plucks it from his hand and deposits it on the nightstand. “You need
They all whirled around to face the opposite way, and, after a moment's wide-eyed fear, they began to wince. The ones with arms covered their ears, and the ones without arms fell to the ground and began to writhe and groan.
“Here, Dean—” Sam holds the book in the yellow light between the stacks of the archive, and points to the words scrawled on the page.
As if she'd insulted them, the stones began to move. Not much, to be fair, but the mound seemed to buzz, and the stones rattled softly against one another. Turnip fluttered her wings into an enhanced jump, but then resettled, curiosity overwhelming her natural skittishness.
And, oh, he wants to go back a few minutes and think about something else, he wants to return to not knowing this about himself: that he when he imagines home, he thinks of the Men of Letters bunker, even though he’s barely spent any time there at all.
He can sort of see it now, when he looks at them. The level of frenzy has gone down, is how he’d describe it, a sort of cooling effect. With what Wren said, he clicks on the map, and on the hastily-drawn-up crowdsourced sightings charts. There are two: One, with around eighty chosen and vetted editors, is considered the “experts chart” and another is open to the world of social media.
Cas and Jack, on the other hand, are both completely seduced by the glossy brochure photos of smiling people on sun-dappled mountainsides. (The fact that Jack’s
Cas how he feels!
The stairs feel like a mountain (so much for not hiking) but when he gets to the top of them it’s like he’s flying. Cas goes ahead of him down to the end of the hall. Dean takes Sam’s duffel from the twin room they’re sharing and tosses it out into the corridor, and with that, locks the door behind them.
her peanut-gallery comment.
is out there, and people don’t know how to deal with them, they’re just
It’s the best seat in the house, in the corner, up against a large glass window where he can listen to fat raindrops drum on the pane like impatient fingers. He half-watches the trucks come and go in their inscrutable rhythm, trying to soothe himself with the rumble of engines and the hiss of air brakes.
than Dean. How do you get to Carnegie Hall? Practice!) he starts drinking on the way home and doesn’t stop when he gets there. A bunch of things happen, the order of them, who knows? At some point there’s shouting. Fake Sam and Fake Cas are there. And then he’s in another room, and there’s pain, and some smells (rust, acid, lavender) but that’s about all his brain bothers to encode to memory. He doesn’t stop drinking then, either.
“Well,” she says, nodding toward Sam and Dean, “he willed the property to you two. I can dig up the paperwork down at city hall. Frankly, you’re lucky this place is as isolated as it is so no one’s made any complaints about the way it looks.”
him, Dean?” Her voice is quiet, now, low and real. “Take a guess.
which was the biggest surprise of all, the clearest sign that more had changed than just the way she looked.
? That an archangel took a hatchet to the inside of my head? That had to watch--”
“It most likely is,” says Cas through a mouthful, though his tone is light and straightforward. “Ending, I mean.”
If those bees could feel the weight of the memories Castiel had inadvertently tied to them, their little wings would never get them into the air again.
His smile and his ease make him look like he’s always been here. Even just after such a short time, Sam looks distinctly like someone’s taken a burden from him. As soon as Cas picks up on it, he glances over to see if Dean’s noticed too.
songs after that, going by the state of the painted sunset, is
This is really just a wrap-up chapter, and yes, the title is a reference to the non-canon short story by the author of the Witcher books.
is now involved.
He reaches the surface, but it doesn’t yield.
Pomona moves so her back is to the edge of the clearing and she can see as many guests as possible. “Everyone--” She waits a moment as attention trickles in, and once enough faces have turned to look, she says, “I’m sorry, this is all my fault.”
He rested one hand on Dean’s jaw and leaned forward to press his lips softly, briefly, against Dean’s.
Chuck, Dean points out, would
Just south of Beacon, they stop and take a hard hat tour of Bannerman Castle, and Dean wonders what kind of problems were probably hiding out here before everything went regular. It looks like classic ghost-bait. Sam even reads off Wikipedia about a murder on the island in 2015, because you can take the man outta the job but you can’t take the job outta the man, apparently.
He is still on the ground. Things bounce around inside him. Apologies and forgiveness pop in his chest like fireworks. Standing is a daunting task.
“I’m sorry,” Sam calls back. “I fear the storm may defeat me – I should have sent someone else in my place.”
Castiel assured them both it was alright, but they only got through two or three before the expression on Dean's face reached peak terseness and he dragged Castiel off on the pretense of another drink.
close and whispers something. The breath on his ear tingles, Dean wonders if everyone can see the goosebumps it creates, and he realizes that his eyes actually flutter shut as he focuses on that feeling and lets it echo around his body, twisting up with the taste of the buttercream frosting.
“We’re meant to keep them busy.”
“He didn’t love that, generally,” Cas admits. “Not my finest hour, as far as the care of my vessel… But he
“What’s your point, Stan?”
Cas sighs miserably. “No. That was nothing. Losing the wings will be the bigger danger. I’m not sure... I can’t even put them
“I do not advise this course of action.” It’s Sam’s mouth, and Sam’s vocal cords, but somehow not Sam’s voice at all. Ezekiel sounds like the whole-other-thing that he is. It’s a good thing, ultimately -- a hard reminder of what’s really happening, even if it’s unsettling.
Of course. He knew they’d been detected as invaders, but this is particularly bad. Did the masks do
vivid and overpowering, entirely without his consent.
"Sister. And...
Sam and Dean were utterly instrumental on a number of levels. Dean turned out to be
“Mm, I don’t recommend it,” says Stan.
Before he realizes it, the sun begins to creep down closer to the wobbling line of the mountains and the sharpened pencil tips of the pines. The view of the little patch of woods behind the property has provided pretty much all the entertainment the two of them have needed. They’ve been riveted by The Battle of the Birdfeeder, delighted at the antics of a rabbit at the treeline, and vaguely moved by the silent passage of a doe and fawn through the leaf litter. It’s like
many deer puns available and you used none of them.”
with energetic music, mainly bells and drums, though there’s no band to be seen.
Lucifer flung himself,
time under that particular thumb?”
but...
He catches a snippet that makes him pause in his tracks, and put out a hand to stop Cas from proceeding as well.
“You don’t have to come just ‘cause I said that stuff,” Dean hedged. “I’m not trying to--”
“Is there anything in there?” Dean asks, hesitantly. “The feathers, I mean? What do we do with them?”
In the moment, he wanted it so much, the wanting seemed to take over his entire body, completely implacable. Even thinking of it now, a pleasant heat seems to roll through him, and he can almost feel the ghost of Dean’s lips on his.
Maybe he just
If it’s true, he has to give Cas credit for managing to look even slightly normal, ever.
Time passes strangely, one week disappearing in a blink and the next stretching out like melted cheese. The movement of time has always been a little hard to get a grip on ever since Dean returned from hell, he just had an easier time ignoring it before, because the world never tried to end on any particular schedule, so what did it matter?
The Mills household is alive and well, much to the collective relief. They’ve all retreated to Jody’s cabin, along with New Bobby. Jody and Donna are mobilizing their respective police departments remotely, giving abbreviated, clipped versions of The Talk to anyone who was still in the dark before now, creating a kind of law enforcement phone tree.
Years later, the nature of Sam’s death was kind enough to leave him time to consult with Castiel on what sort of tree he’d like planted next to Dean’s.
instead, placing him and every other person on the
“I’m… human,” he answers after a brief pause, as if doing some kind of internal diagnostic to arrive at this conclusion. “As for the soul, I… don’t know.”
thought, but it must be so. What else could explain this? It isn’t as if he didn’t want to kiss Dean - he did, he absolutely, unequivocally
“Huh?”
kid gets harder and harder to believe by the day.)
that, like the world itself had ended and they’d forgotten to die.
He walks until each step makes him
This, Dean knows well: liquid courage, to do something horrendously unpleasant and completely necessary. “They gotta come off?”
Soundtrack:
“Jinx” is their word associated with the concept, though angels would be more likely to call it “hubris.” They’re afraid of loss, precipitated by pride or comfort, and he’s determined to break them of it.
“I doubt it,” Sam goes on, “I mean, maybe, but… remember what he used to be like, Dean? Not exactly the experimental type. Anyway, says here that they could enter a shared hallucination, and one of them could kind of
His thoughts are a burning, complicated tangle, much of which has, he is certain, no polite or casual way to be expressed.
“A what?”
Somewhere in all of this, Sam starts shedding.
Cas, then (freshly showered, wearing Dean’s own clothes) flutters open his eyes and looks at him with gratitude and--
Michael moved up the slope of the crater, changed his perspective to follow the line of Dean’s sight, and staggered when he realized. He stretched out his hand and made some effortful gesture, probably trying to stop what Cas was doing? Maybe to redirect it? But with a twist of pleasure, Dean realized it was too late. Most of the mist was already gone, into Cas. The same light that peeked from between their hands could be seen
Rowena’s in the other deck chair, looking a bit lost in thought, fingers tapping along the wide wooden armrest to the guitar solo of
Perhaps a bit of both.
There’s a moment of uneasy quiet. Sam regards the two of them, one by one and then together, with unguarded curiosity. Then he asks, “Cas, I know this is probably all new, but, do you think you’re out of the woods, or…?”
The slender golden thread, so fine it could hardly be seen, yet seemingly impossible to break, still extended from from where Castiel’s end of it was tied around the band.
he can start shouting.
“I’m not gonna snitch on you, man,” Dean assured. “Guess I’m just trying to figure out whether you need directions toward the castle or away from it.”
That's the end of part one... next chapter, new section!
no other victims…” Jack trails off.
“Can it.”
This comes
he read off the screen,
fairly human (though the mix is highly eclectic) and some of which is unrecognizable.
Cas tips forward, holding himself up with one hand. His other hand joins Dean’s in the cramped press between their bodies. He’s not as subtle or gradual about it when he takes hold of Dean, but Dean’s already twitching, with a strand of precome bridging from the tip to his belly, he just wants to be
The few angels Dean’s ever met that had any interest in the things a human body could enjoy -- food, drink, sex, whatever -- always seemed like they were diving headfirst, like they went from zero to one hundred and never looked back. Maybe this is why: maybe with grace, they’re just so separated from it all, it takes that much input just to begin to reach them at all.
Castiel takes a deep drink from the bottle of gin and chases it with a lungful of steam.
“So! He’s [...] after all! Ah, Cassie, I knew [...] power, you’d
“Don’t.”
Cas raises his head and meets Dean’s eyes. His hair is in chaos and his skin is warm, and Dean would like to kiss him again, now that the worst seems to be over, though when he adds up all the circumstances of the last couple of days, this included, he has no idea if that’s appropriate.
They’re all feeling it. The only person Dean’s spoken to that was
Dean closes his eyes. He can feel that Cas is doing the same -- there’s a strange sensation as though he’s closing his already closed eyes. When he opens them, they’ve settled on a direction, and, now in agreement, the motion needed to walk, and run, is smooth and easy.
He has just a hint of a wicked, knowing smile when he asks Dean what he thinks about beekeeping. It gets one of those golden in-joke laughs out of both Dean and Sam, a confused smile from Jody, and a look of serious contemplation from Jack.
They die when you stick ‘em with the pointy end, which is all that matters to Dean. This is more his speed. He’s in his element, ducking below one attack, and driving his blade home into one wind-stomach, causing the whole thing to evaporate. It’s actually kind of
mask he saw in the shop, the raven one. He’s thinking about the hooked, wicked beak beneath a stern brow, and the attached black feathers that glinted rainbow in the light, like oil on pavement. As soon as he ran his finger up the side he knew they were fake, just plastic, but eye-catching nevertheless.
They’ve settled oddly into a kind of non-routine routine. Sure, they can’t be out there, stabbing and shooting and throwing themselves directly in harm’s way, but Dean’s coming to see the value in this.
“Getting better.”
Cas nodded. He stood up and brushed himself off, not that it did much good - no better than it had when he’d been covered in mud the night they’d first met. There was so much dust and rain in his hair it seemed to be covered in a gray paste, and his clothes weren’t much better off, weighed down and sopping. He took a big breath, closed his eyes, and focused. Naomi put a steadying hand on his back.
“Can’t even get three steps into this damn thing and you’re already trying to run off. Hell, at least you can’t just--” Dean does this thing with his hands, like a shadow puppet butterfly taking flight.
Not only did she not answer, but everything else had gone silent too, perhaps the result of the racket he'd made. No frogs, no insects, nothing. The quiet made the hairs on the back of Castiel's neck stand on end.
When he turns to give Cas what he hopes is a sort of lost, apologetic look, Cas just laughs (practically infrasound) and tilts his head vaguely in the direction of inside-and-upstairs.
“I am the
The reaction is beautiful – Dean’s face seemingly aglow with relief and joy, and it triggers a sort of brotherly feedback loop of good cheer.
He’s right, at least on spec: the grace that came out of him most obviously so far has already vanished into the ether, which seems very much not normal.
Rowena and Cas and Jack might be devoid of their usual sources of strength, but Dean -- and Sam alongside him -- has spent his whole life scraping and hustling the way they do now. It’s almost fun.
something. No, nevermind, I do.” She waves a hand, dismissing her own prior statement. “It’s a… frog boiling in a pot thing, I know.”
Sam lets out the breath he’d been holding. “Oh, Thank--Uh--Well--I’m glad.”
"I definitely think we need Cas." Sam admits.
she would have thought,
There was movement to his left, in his peripheral vision.
Dean’s praying, and he doesn’t know it.
It’s nothing new for them, to have their gazes click into place like this, but it’s vulnerable now, and weighty. It makes Dean feel like he swallowed a lit sparkler.
“Yeah, what about ‘em?” He sits up, rubs his face and takes a deep breath.
Cas shakes his head minutely. “I see no reason my opinion should be given weight.
He closes his eyes again, and he sees it, even through the purple-and-gray spikes of oxygen deprivation shooting across his vision. It’s himself, looking down, as
He used to spend a lot more time here, and he knows the feeling when they leave, equal parts hopeful and anxious and proud of whatever they accomplished while they were here, whether their stay was three days or three years. Back then, he did maintenance, he taught, he fed goats and chickens, he healed bites and scratches and broken bones.
At the landing, though, he froze – both figuratively and literally; he felt a chill that stilled him long enough to doubt his next step. Just in this one spot—
Jack places a hand on his sternum, as if he’d be able to feel it like a heart.
They come upon the large clearing quickly, maybe a little
Castiel stumbles over Dean’s shoes, and makes his way to his own bed. Solidly drunk, he lies upon it as it lists beneath him, as though he is a mariner on an ancient and creaking ship that he has sailed off the edge of the map.
“Great, then you can wait another minute." Dean hangs up before she has a chance to protest.
Castiel's face looked just like back then. The same expression he had worn when speaking his last words to Dean, so desperately, happily, and gratefully. No one had ever looked at him like that and it went in so impossibly deep…
“I might.”
I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think.
Sam and Dean just have a great brotherly chemistry.
The golden light of the desk lamp shone on Dean's features.
“There are still duties to fulfill, Dean. I wish the world could just stop spinning for a while… but it doesn’t consider our situation.”
“What? What is it? Do you have an idea how I could make things easier for him?”
“Don’t take it too seriously, Dean… I told you it wouldn’t work. Better listen to me next time, okay? How about we go in and I cook something nice for us? Something with meat this time, to cheer you up?”
Dean clenched his teeth while his thoughts replied to Sam’s question and tears welled in his eyes...
"My whole life was nothing but a lie, Cass! And I'd always wondered what the hell was wrong with me, why all of my relationships broke apart! I'd already seen myself getting old alone because all the women I'd met in the past years didn’t make me feel anything! I'd thought that during my life as a hunter I'd somehow lost the ability to love! I wondered why I was so numb… immune to everyone around me…"
This time Castiel pulled Dean close, he was much more considerate and gentle than Dean, a very caring person. Though he had not been able to hold himself back, he had kept his gentleman attitude. With his thumb he wiped a tear rolling down Dean’s cheek and the next he kissed away.
Castiel stood up, cleaning his coat, looking at Dean hopefully. “Home…”
The compliment made Castiel lower his lashes, his cheeks changing to a pink color. Sam observed it with the same confusion he had felt when Dean had kissed Castiel’s cheek.
“Don’t you think it’s about time for you to - I don’t know - cruise around and meet new people…?”
Castiel blushed. "You… never showed so much care for me… I will have to get used to it…"
Under the table, Castiel took Dean’s hand, but Sam sat in an ankle where he could see it. He held back his words, yet he decided to confront Dean as soon as Castiel had left the house.
“...gonna eat somewhere else.”
Dean crossed his arms, leaning against the doorframe. “So you’ve seen us.”
“Be patient for a little while longer…”, Castiel whispered. “We don’t have to rush things…”
Castiel’s heart beat in a steady, warm rhythm. A comfortable feeling he had missed in the endless abyss of death that drowned in cold.
Dean slept peacefully, for the first time in months. When he woke up he thought he had sensed the presence of someone. He threw glances through the room, but he only saw the first sun rays of the morning.
“If you… really like this side of me… I could… try to show you more of it, but… I am… really not used to it. It could… make me feel uncomfortable…”, he replied honestly, because he trusted Castiel. He wanted to show him his real self. He did not want to have secrets.
Sam had already shut his ears with his hands to protect himself from more suggestive details. Dean could really be blunt…
“He didn’t go into detail. Just google it.”, Sam said. “Anyways, he said there are also people who don’t enjoy bottoming no matter how often they try it while others don’t even feel pain at their first time. See, human bodies are built differently and it’s also a matter of mental state. Some people love to be taken, other’s don’t like to lose control. It’s strange what arouses people and very individual.”
Dean hesitated, then leaned towards Castiel to get another deep kiss. Castiel did not see it coming and gasped for breath. Kissing Dean felt like heaven and gave him goosebumps. He had so rarely been close to him in the past, but he still remembered Dean’s scent, wild and sweet at the same time, like firs in a stormy forest night mixed with sunflowers. His lips felt soft like rose petals, surrounded by blonde stubbles that made it rough at the same time - a gorgeous, breathtaking mixture...
“I’ll be careful…” Castiel’s lips touched Dean’s while he wrapped his arms around him pulling him closer.
“How are you, Sam?”
“What do you know!?” Dean frowned angrily.
“Oh, my brother is fine! Every morning he runs through the forest like crazy… he’s becoming a sports freak and he’s cooking all the time… good for me, I guess.”
He suddenly felt a warm touch, a gentle palm stroking his cheek. When he opened his eyes his sight was not blurry anymore, but he still could not believe this was not a hallucination caused by his heavy heart and bad conscience.
Dean's face suddenly became earnest.
He came near, trying not to wake his friend up.
“See you soon, Dean…”, he said with a beating heart, disappearing through the entrance door. As Dean stood there his blood rushed through his body wildly. His head was dizzy from the kiss. There was a foreign feeling connected to what Castiel had said to him.
Sam shook his head. “When I was at university my best friend was gay. Mark, do you remember him? The one with the blonde hair and tattoos.”
Dean fixed the bandage around Castiel’s upper arm with a knot and rolled his sleeve down.
I needed three years to develop a bond with Cass… and since then… since seven fuckin’ years… we’ve been like that… arguing and fighting and tossing and turning… I never understood why… until this one day, when he opened my eyes. Did you ever wonder what he did to save me from Billie?”
“It’s alright… I’m glad it’s Cass… Cass is great… he’s perfect. I can understand it…”
"Let me treat your wound first.", he said, opening a medical kit. "Sammy, can you prepare the ingredients for the burgers? You know, cut some onions, get the cheese and meat out of the fridge, and so on?"
He cleared his throat.
When it was almost midnight Dean stood at a graveyard to perform the incantation that would hopefully bring his best friend back. He had gathered everything. He was tired and worn out. Above shone a pale silver moon, stunningly beautiful, a sky covered in thousand glittering stars.
“Because…-! I’m your brother?!”
After half an hour Dean, Castiel and Sam sat at the table and ate burgers together in a strangely familiar atmosphere. They had not seen each other for an eternity and there was a lot to talk about. First of all, Castiel told his story about how Dean had unconsciously woke him and the empty.
"The empty was wrong.", he said in a low voice and Castiel felt pain of rejection in his heart, exactly the pain he had feared since his return. "There are not 'people' screaming so loud for your return. There is just me."
"Uhm. Yes. Sure."
Castiel was stiff and frozen, completely shocked, while Dean's heavy bodyweight pushed him to the ground. His mouth fell open automatically because Dean tasted so good. The kiss was passionate, saliva mixed with salty tears, but still sweet at the same time.
“You saw right.”, Castiel said, as if it was nothing special. He also went to the entrance, leaving Sam behind, who tried to catch up quickly.
Out of breath, Castiel stared at Dean's beautifully messed upstate. He had never seen such an expression on him, all bare and sincere. This was all Dean in his purest form, without any disguise or barrier. This was the Dean Castiel loved the most.
“Okay, I don’t think I have anything like that in my car… Then… how about a ballad?”
Suddenly the door opened and a second person came out. With a light smile on his face, Castiel appeared and Sam could not believe his eyes.
Sam’s eyes grew soft. “You’re my brother. If there’s anything you want to talk about… I’ll be there.”
After half an hour they became more comfortable with each other. Castiel even dared to start a conversation.
Dean’s chewing paused.
“We’ve known Cass for ten years. Does it ring a bell?”
When Castiel's gaze followed Dean inside the ruins his chest burned in sympathy so much he wanted to throw his arms around Dean’s back right away.
“There you are! What are you doing here, why are you not coming in? I was worried!”
Dean’s eyes had become teary again during this speech. “You know, Sam… all these years…  I’ve been so confused. I didn’t know what’s wrong with me… and Cass… he must have suffered even more… being ordered around by me… developping feelings for a human… but he always stood tall for me. He never left my side… We have… gone through so much… and this… what it is now… us together, finally united… this feels so unreal. This feels like an illusion and I don’t know how to deal with it if you… my little brother… can’t accept it, okay? That’s it, that’s the truth.”
Dean collected the plates and began washing the dishes, while Sam followed him.
Sam stared at him in confusion. When Dean raised his eyes they were bright green, beaming like emeralds in the summer sun. Dean could not hide his joy anymore.
"Cass! Listen to me! I’m not done yet! I don't want to meet anyone! I don't have to! The one I have always loved has been with me all the time! He has cared for me, sacrificed his life for me, countless times, again and again! And silly me has been unable to see it! I was blind, a coward, an asshole! All the times I blamed you and shouted at you! All the times I didn't see through it, all the times I ignored your heart …- I can never make it up to you, but Cass, I've been given another chance! And this time I won't waste it!"
“How could I not SEE YOU! From the first moment on Cass came out of the Impala you have been so obvious! You didn’t even TRY to hide!”
“Guys...what’s going on? Did I miss something?”
“Cass, don’t try to flatter me… I know I’ve been in better shape before… I just…- never mind.”
Dean shook his head, now laughing silently about it.
He did not dare to trust his senses, he believed the spell had not been successful. He had felt disappointment so many times he did not trust his luck or expect success anymore.
Now Sam nearly spit his beer out. “DEAN! TOO MUCH INFORMATION!”
“You… have lost a bit of weight.”
Dean couldn't resist the urge anymore. His lips were already so close to Castiel’s that he could sense their warmth and finally, he went for it, wrapping his arms tightly around Castiel's neck, pulling him close. His hot, burning tongue pushed Castiel's mouth open and in a forceful kiss, he took what has been his for what felt like an eternity.
Castiel searched for his lips to kiss him more intensely. A soft moan escaped Dean's lips that made Castiel lose his mind.
Dean came back with two burgers and ate them alone. “Cash, you’re gonna love my room. This house is very comfy”, he said with a full mouth. “We can wash horror movies all night, it’ll be fun. What do you shink?”
When he let go… I came back to life. I finally knew why I’d never been able to have a relationship…
Dean sensed Castiel’s shyness. The whole situation was new, but it did not seem wrong. Dean’s heart beat faster. He was nervous and insecure because he could not treat Castiel like before, now that they had confessed to each other. He wanted to be more respectful.
Cass… he used to be my best friend until he… until he confessed to me. Until he ripped my heart out and threw it to the ground. When he squeezed it, it stopped beating.
“To be honest I think I fell for him at first sight. But you know me… I’m a slow burner when it comes to love… Sex is one thing, but feelings… difficult.
This caused a grin on Sam’s face. “I’m just speaking from your perspective! Weren’t you the one who loved to brag and talk about sex?! Is it different now?”
Sam raised his hands as a defense. “Okay, then sex has probably not come to your mind yet. I’ll ask the question again when it’s relevant.”
“Fuck you Sam! I don’t need protection!”
“SAM!”
“Things change.”, Dean said dryly. “You never realized that I stopped having one-night-stands, haven’t you? It’s been seven years that I’m single now. Did you ever ask yourself why?”
“You don’t have enough power yourself, Cass… It’s alright, I’m fine, I just-”
“Wow… you… can kiss me like that…?” He whispered. “That’s hot, Cass... stronger than my toughest whiskey…”
This one word triggered something inside of Castiel. Angel.
“Excited, huh?”
Sam eyed him up and down in disgust. ‘Quality time with baby’ could only mean masturbating in the car. Dean had sometimes found it adventurous to have sex in the Impala, though this had mainly happened in his early twenties. Afterward, he had cared more about keeping the leather clean.
Seeing him right in front of him, closer than before, and in flesh and blood, hit Castiel differently...
He followed Dean nervously through the rest of the day.
Dean was very angry by now, intending to rush out of the room, but again, Sam grabbed his arm.
When Dean saw the wound though, it was not average, quite bloody and rather deep.
“I mean… you can’t go on like this forever! I’m worried about you.”
Dean looked at him with wide eyes. “Did the empty take your powers?!”
“Cass!”, he yelled. “What in the world...-!?”
His palms were sweaty.
“I don’t know what you mean, Sammy.” Dean got up. “Are you ready for another round of burgers?!”
“That’s typical of you! I’m telling you the love story of my life and a second later you ask me about the sex!”
While driving, Dean kept talking about this band and how much he liked their sound and Castiel enjoyed listening to the song, but mostly to Dean’s enthusiasm. His voice sounded a bit shaky, a bit hasty - all in all, so oddly cute...
Dean parked the Impala in front of the holiday house. Castiel put his hand on Dean’s, which was placed on the car stick.
“Cass, what are you talking about! You are the most handsome man I have ever seen! And I’m not talking about your vessel. I’m talking about the soul that shapes the appearance.”
Aroused by Dean’s words it was hard to let him go, but Castiel finally managed to separate from him and go to the door.
“You…-”
Suddenly he felt a striking pain on his arm, followed by a burning ache. He quickly turned around. He had waited too long. A monster, looking like a zombie, with a few features resembling him, had appeared and now it wanted to hinder him from getting to Dean first. Since this undead creature was only a far-away copy of himself and his powers he was able to defeat it with a few cuts of his angel blade.
You wanna know what has changed, Sammy…? Absolutely everything!
Of course, there was longing after all these years. In the last six months, Dean had often fantasized about sleeping with Castiel. Now that he knew how good it felt to kiss him the thought could not be pushed away easily. The perfect unity they were… how would it feel to undress Castiel, to kiss every centimeter of his smooth skin and pulsing muscles…?
Dean sobbed loudly, staring at Castiel's features, trying to get a hold of him. Castiel's blue eyes shone like diamonds in the night, his pale skin looked red around the nostrils, eye rims, and cheeks. Such a beautiful sight… Dean’s heart shattered again.
“Oh Dean…”
He stared at Dean’s closed eyes. Long, dark-blonde lashes, thick like velvet curtains... How could this beautiful man, the one he loved so dearly, really belong to him?
Dean became nervous now, cheeks burning red. “So… what did he say?”
“Why should I?”, Dean said, provocatively, walking past Sam to clean the table.
Dean's blurry eyes searched for something to hold on to, but Sam was not here this time, so he had to get up on his own. His body felt so heavy, heavy like a sack of plump. He tried to move but his limps seemed stiff and he became despaired.
Dean looked at Castiel in silence, blinking softly. “I wonder how you do it, Cass... No matter how bad things are… you always make it sound beautiful.”
Dean looked pale and red at the same time as if he had a hangover. He appeared thinner, his forehead shimmered from sweat.
“Cleaned… how…-”, Dean repeated with glassy eyes.
His hands shook when he touched the door handle and silently entered the room Dean temporarily lived in. There he was.
“I… I don’t know…”
This is just an illusion…
Dean was too overwhelmed to answer, staring at Castiel with wide eyes. The realization of Castiel being back on earth was so hard to process. The realization of his biggest dream come true...
Do you… really want to see me so bad…?
When they distanced from each other Sam suggested drinking a beer together and talk. Dean agreed and they sat down at the table again.
“Dean.”, Castiel pressed his hand tightly. “It’s okay to accept help. I want to be there for you. I feel just as miserable when you are not well. I can share my power with you. It won't harm me.”
“Man… what would mom and dad say if they knew… Dean with a boyfriend…”
Sam laughed. “I remember when we landed in a gay bar once and you were all like OMG WHAT IS THIS - GET ME OUT OF HERE!”
“What?! Having this feeling inside of me undiscovered and being suddenly confronted by so many men kissing… what… would you have done?! I wasn’t ready…”
“How is Sam?”
"I will not let you go anymore… I will not waste any more time! Every second we spend together from now on I will treasure! If you still want me, Cass… If you want me… I promise I will dedicate my life to you… Everything I do… everything I am… will be yours…”
Castiel lowered his head in sadness.
"What… what do you mean…!?", he slowly replied, unable to process or accept what was about to happen.
“Dean, come on, please… just sit down, okay? I’ll stop…”
In a quiet moment, Cas corners Dean in a hallway and suggests that it’s been almost seventy hours since either of them showered, and nearly twenty since Cas has last slept (more like twenty six, for Dean) and how would Dean feel about remedying that, together?
Dean said to her,
pulled an exhausted-looking Cas into a tight hug that went on for some time and included a considerable amount of back-patting. Cas smiled weakly at Dean over Sam’s shoulder until he was released.
They’re in the middle of packing the few things they actually care enough to transport to their chosen motel when Dean makes the joke:
tailored, of course.)
exactly, but we were on perfectly good terms. The last I heard of him, he was a hero.”
Buzzing rouses Dean from uneasy nonsense dreams -- Sam’s phone. He can tell by the pattern of the vibration. As he extracts himself from the ersatz nest, the buzzing stops, and then starts again. He scoops up the phone and sneaks into the kitchen and down the adjoining hall before he slides his thumb across the bottom of the screen to answer it.
He reaches for the discarded shirt -- it hadn’t hit the floor, so he knows it’s in arms reach -- and gives himself a cursory sweep before handing the shirt to Cas with what he hopes is a roguishly charming sort of look.
above the waves, outside his own body, standing motionless with his empty gaze on the sea below.
“Anna’s waiting for you in the armory,” Naomi said, scolding in her tone, if not her words, speaking as this explained anything. “You’re to train with a new weapon. For Goblins. Michael’s crystal blade.”
like to call you
The song that comes on after that, or maybe
Angel.
The vine-pattern blackout curtains are still drawn, which makes the little square room seem sealed and disconnected. If he opened the door, Dean is sure he’d just see blackness, or the swirls of outer space, as they’ve surely broken away from the world in a tumbling, room-shaped box.
Flashes zapped through the world above the surface. Dean lost track of whose they were, where they came from and where they were going. Nearly all his attention was on his swollen chest, his aching back, his spasming throat. Buried beneath it all like a grain of sand under an anvil was the stray hope that whatever was happening up there, Cas was winning.
“Sam--” Dean warns, but his protest is surface-level at most, and Sam’s stupid amused joy is infectious, Dean can’t resist it.
“Sam,” Dean’s tone did double duty, asking what the hell was going on and warning to cut the bullshit.
Cas asks, “How do you
Dean gets in the car on a Wednesday he has off and investigates every abandoned storefront and dead shopping mall and old warehouse he can find within a two hour drive, and finds not even a dust bunny out of place.
“What did I say?” Castiel looks at Dean, crosslegged and leaning forward on his own knees.
Confidence, Castiel realized long ago, seems to function akin to hypnosis, or magic.
“You’ll be the first to know. Now, before he covers any more distance, lemme get on the road.”
“What is the meaning of this intrusion? Do you truly believe that Veles has been killing humans?”
Cas touches his own lips in disbelief and reaches for a way to explain it, and settles on, “Completely.”
“Now don’t start
“Yes.”
I’d never--”
that entails.”
the law takes effect
It feels strange, to hear him say that out loud. Never before would Dean have called anything he touched a
He’s not sure when Sam started taking care of
“Probably,” Cas admits.
that is very much
Besides, they’ve already seen each other at pretty much every kind of worst Dean can think of. What’s left to hide?
There is some nodding, mostly everyone goes back to whatever conversations they were having. That’s apparently the end of it.
none of it is real. At first, he convinces himself it’s Michael -- that the whole confrontation in the imaginary bar and everything since -- that it’s
Sam looks down at the cake in his hands, then at Rowena, and at Dean, and at the table, and he visibly puts the pieces of the puzzle together. “They’re stoned,” he concludes out loud.
“I recognize this fact,” Ezekiel finally answers. “However, the truth remains that where Castiel is, other angels may follow. Do you want to repeat what happened in the hospital? I am not strong enough to fight them. His presence would be dangerous for me, and you, and Sam.”
he’s doing it.
Hael weighs especially heavily at the moment -- it ended so differently than he hoped. Despite his new humanity, he still feels as though he’s hacking off a limb every time he kills an angel, which seems particularly cruel, as though he is being asked to carry the worst of both worlds.
The stranger knelt down and stretched out his free hand. As soon as he was in range, Castiel gratefully accepted it, crossing one thumb over the stranger’s and letting himself be pulled up and to his feet.
Chuck meant for the air to clear between them, it definitely wasn’t supposed to be like this: easy and pragmatic, a natural understanding. Not
sign, with Jack crouching in front so his head obscures the word
“So what if I am?” Dean challenges back, his jaw set.
Castiel and Dean lock eyes, and remain that way, regarding one another in silence as they get their bearings.
Cas’ head turns, just a little, and even that seems to bring a fresh wave of vertigo judging by the way he winces. His bloodshot eyes are a study in contrasts, in primary colors, and his brows twitch. At this distance, inches, really, Dean can make out every little micro-expression. Confusion. Surprise. Caution. Comprehension.
Dean’s face softened and flushed, which was incredibly gratifying. Castiel didn’t feel as though he often came up with clever or graceful things to say in the moment, so on the rare occasion that he was so inspired, it was nice to get a reaction.
“I’m fairly certain they’re optional,” Cas assures, looking at James Novak's now-renewed license. "I look
Cas allows himself to feel a little hope, an ember glowing softly inside him, for a happy new year.
Sam laughs shallowly. “Seriously, are you okay? One minute Cas is fine on his own, the next you gotta speed off and find him, first you’re
“No,” Cas answers quickly.
“Dean?” Castiel stepped deep into his personal space, and it had a calming effect, but only for a brief moment before Dean’s bared anxiety ratcheted itself back up again.
Gauri glances over at him, her mask gone, and her face a sour twist. “Don’t
At some point, he’d decided that it was correct for him to respond, that he’d been overly cautious before, that it was
“Three Dog Night? You!?” Dean laughs.
quickly, leading Castiel to suspect that movement through the wood is not entirely subject to normal rules -- not exactly a shock, but good to note. If they’ve been detected, no one is acting like it.
“Ah,” says Boreas, catching on. “To stop them squabbling?”
In a moment of lucidity, he thinks he should really talk to Sam about this, that Sam would get it, absolutely get it, that Sam’s been down in this hole, and that’s when it clicks.
Dean frowns. “Distraction from what?”
Dean made a sort of sighing sound before he answered. “Well, we’ve been hearing rumors…” He kissed back, and his hands started to travel. “...Sightings already happening, and… obviously I’m not going anywhere before tomorrow, but…”
There’s nothing conclusive one way or the other.
He closes the door behind Dean, and watches Dean’s gaze flick around the single room and get caught on the fire.
When he’d first opened the door for her, the resulting faceful of daylight had soothed the corner of his mind clinging to the fear that the sun would never shine again. The relief was terribly short lived, (as is roughly usual, he thinks.) That fear thoroughly coiled again, tense as ever, because on closer examination, this is not
“Alright, what do you want?” Dean offers, sizing up the liquor store shelves.
many drinks ahead of us.”
Part Two: Chrysalis | Chapter One: Woven
enough as a human -- not with the way things are now, not with Abaddon and her demonic militia, and not with vengeful angels hiding around corners. It’s entirely possible there isn’t any such thing as
Dean’s running theory about that is that Chuck screwed them up somehow when he visited on Amara-related business, but then,
A little physical work might be good for what ails him -- keep him too tired for nightmares, get him out of the house. Plus, it’s got perks. Lucy much doesn’t care if he drinks on the job as long as shit gets done, and she gives him input on the menu, once he demonstrates some taste.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sets the angel blade down on the ledge near the head of the bed. He climbs onto the mussed mattress himself, and gathers a pliant, exhausted Cas into his arms. It’s so strange, how easy it is to do this. He almost feels as though he’s outside his body, watching himself from above.
explain,” Castiel cuts in. Boreas is getting into dangerous territory and he can’t let that sentiment spread. One thing he’s learned from Sam and Dean is that if you can keep the conversation going, you can buy time to try and escape or get the upper hand.
those stories in a particularly compelling way, but as a price for a ride goes, it’s not bad, and he does his best. When it becomes clear that Big Otis is either very credulous or truly desperate for entertainment, Castiel begins to edit less, and his stories go over better and better.
He isn’t sure if Dean even notices him shimmying out of his own boxers in the process, since he does it without ever taking his mouth off Dean’s body.
“You did what?!” Dean splutters. “What did you give him?”
“If you scroll back through the posts here, it looks like some of the monsters are on our side now,” Dean points out. “The more… persuade-able ones, anyway.”
Sam sends a message to the packed chat-room on the right monitor:
“OH, thank goodness--”
“How do I go in there? It said somebody could go in there.”
Dean’s mouth opened, then closed again, and he worried at his lip. “Alright, that’s gonna haunt me, thanks. Hey… wait, so you
No matter how clever and how able Cas might be, there’s no way he’ll be
Sam turns the little wooden plank over in his carefully gloved hands. “Dean, this has some kind of inscription on it."
“Yeah, okay.”
Dean realizes.
Dean revises: “I’ll make something while you…” he gestures vaguely at the computer, “get things in a state where you can sleep for awhile. But you gotta sleep sometime, so...”
“It’s all the way in North Dakota.”
“You haven’t
Shit, Sam probably knows, anyway. That’s how Dean would have done it, if he were Chuck, writing the story. Though, there’s a lot of things he’d have done differently, so maybe that’s no indication. He wonders if this -- him and Cas -- was meant to be a tragic, star-crossed sort of thing, or if Chuck would have let them come together, eventually.
“Why?” Castiel pressed, guessing at what she meant, wishing she’d be more direct, so he didn’t have to. “His is the least included, the most powerful. If he think Goblins are a threat all of the sudden, why wouldn’t he carry it as he travels? I can just as easily train with one of the soldiers’ blades. The clarity doesn’t exactly impact the handling--”
“I gotta admit,” Dean hisses, “this is pretty cool. I can see why Crowley wanted in.”
Castiel watched Dean’s eyes (green, he realized) go out of focus. “It would be unbearable."
“I’m not
you,” Dean says, and then adds, “The… the human way.”
(˙ʇoᴉpᴉ 'lɐǝɹ sᴉ ƃuᴉɥʇou uǝɥʍ)
The woods go on and on, or at least the illusion makes it look like they do, dense enough in the distance that there’s nothing to be seen in any direction but deep brown-black tree trunks punctuating a sea of red and yellow vegetation.
He throws that on the mile-high compost heap of unsaid things, to rot away with the rest, until it’s all black soil.
Specifically, I’d like to let myself enjoy the
Cas settles in against Dean’s supine body. He draws in a long breath and sighs it back out, sounding like aloe on a burn.
which is the first and most dramatic sign
Cas had felt a certain responsibility, even if he was interested, to not let it be known. He worried that to allow the situation to progress would be taking advantage, in a way, and made a policy of politely not mentioning it. The trouble with that has always been, however, that it’s continued to happen.
“They’re… gone.” Dean shrugs.
Eventually the caffeine’s not enough, and Rowena sleeps.
is to kill time.” Or at least, the goal is to make it
“I suppose I’m going to have a few lessons to learn myself,” Rowena admits, looking less pleased and more like she could use some bourbon in her coffee. “I’ve used magic for… everything, for
“I’m right here buddy.” Dean closes his hand over Cas’ shoulder.
It was shallow and marshy, not even up to his chest, which made it all the more embarrassing despite his solitude. From his newly-drenched vantage point, Castiel could see the half-hidden stone that had betrayed him. He pulled himself out of the mud and silt and duckweed that now coated his clothes, and when he tried to wipe a little of it off his face, he realized there was enough mess on his hands to make the situation worse rather than better.
Part One: Prodrome | Chapter Four: Tethers
“I think… maybe now you know how I feel all the time,” Cas says, a little distantly, half-laughing. “Or at least, some version of that.”
Sam winds up talking to the guy too, a little, kind of incidentally. Dean doesn’t ask what they talk about, but Sam gets what looks like a referral letter, and starts going out at the same time every week for something marked on their kitchen calendar as “EMDR.”
sinking into the ground. Cas’ mouth stretches into something like a smile, is it a smile? He turns to the wall, and watches it glow and melt away like hot wax. He slips through a hole in the world, into the place that’s calling him.
say it?
There was a time not long ago when he wondered if they’d ever play a prank on one another again.
“A bit like this,” Castiel said about the twilight.
And of course, there are quite a few gods. There doesn’t seem to
Dean finishes Cas’ sentence by way of quoting the line, remembering the movie as a favorite of Sam’s, to which he’d been subjected only about a hundred times.
do damage, he’s certain of that.
“Cas?” Dean calls out, even shakes him, but his body is slack again, eyes glowing like a blank screen. “Cas! Hey, Cas, snap out of it. Cas!”
It’s a couple hours to the ski-resort town, which is, fortunately, just dinky enough that it’s not too tall an order to follow Cas’ steps (with the help of some people who saw him) to a laundromat, where he recovers a bloody trenchcoat and some more surveillance footage. He leaves the old suit behind, but shells out for the coat to be dry-cleaned while he pokes around the bus depot. Nothing there, so he tries a truck stop, and hits pay-dirt: a janitor saw Cas get a ride with some guy, and she even knows his name (sort of): “Big Otis”
“We don’t even know if he drank it on purpose or not,” Sam points out. “Maybe he wanted to—”
“What
The morgue smells a lot worse than Castiel remembers morgues smelling. Or rather, it smells exactly the same as Castiel remembers, but he
“Yeah. You didn’t?”
Dean’s thought finishes for him.
Dean can take a hint, apparently, because he picks up the pace.
His chest is already burning when he starts kicking for the surface. By the time he’s close enough to think he can make it, the urge to cough or breathe is almost overpowering. He can see a figure on the other side, and he doesn’t even have to get close to know it’s Cas, somehow standing on top of the water like some Christ figure.
“You’re really not gonna let this go, huh?”
time, anyway, but it’s enough that Jack apparently feels the need to comment.
He did not look, or at least, he tried very hard not to look, for as long as he could. It was the first time this year for him to hear it, and though the season was right, and he had been expecting it any day, he was still never ready for it to start back up again.
when Dean’s sure it should be yes
a problem at one point, after all. Historically, though, it
He should have been more rueful about it, perhaps, but he couldn't seem to summon the feeling.
There’s a long, long silence then.
Castiel let a smile raise the corners of his mouth. He’d been doing that a lot lately, and the last time he’d looked in a mirror he saw the creases to prove it. He said, “You’re going to ignore all the smart advice, to do what you think is right, despite… what was it?
Rowena turns to Cas and lays a delicate hand on his forearm. “You don’t have to listen to him.
is enough for now.
Ah. It takes a moment for the understanding to swirl through a filter into words. He’s talking about the sensory thing, the intensity of it all, how easy it is to get lost in a feeling, and the lack of baked-in notions about which ones are correct or not, good or not, important or not.
this. It’s
The other thing Cas mainly does is journal. Sam takes him and Jack shopping for computers (likely tired of having his own borrowed) and Cas picks out something intuitive and lightweight. Dean almost never sees him without it from then on. They’ll be in bars, hotels, parking lots, there’s nowhere that Cas
alcoholics who
to go and beg for the case to keep Cas away from Ezekiel instead of just taking him fishing or something and
What is he doing here?
It’s a djinn dream.
Cas answers phones. Human or not, he doesn’t seem to have lost a single iota of his millennia of knowledge, so he provides detailed information about nesting places and behavior and weaknesses and, in some of the more unpleasant circumstances, he provides what little comfort he’s able.
As if Dean didn’t already know, the wicked obsidian machete with the bone handle in his fist tells him exactly where he is.
said Bobby’s voice in his head.
Castiel doesn’t understand why he doesn’t accept the offer, backup sounds like a good, smart idea.
what, something like 200 years old at the time?
” Rowena is assuring both of them “--Ah, and here’s the other one-- I was merely disoriented.”
His fuse is short, too short, and a part of him
I don’t have my wings?” It comes out in a half-growl, which isn’t exactly Castiel’s intention, it’s just what happens. He can’t help thinking how much more embarrassing this would be if he’d picked that raven mask after all. Just knowing he
He’s pretty sure Sam’ll do it, too.
Shabby or not, it was still a sight for sore eyes – warm, dry, and playing host to a customer base that, Castiel considered, seemed to be equally warm. He forgot most of their names almost immediately after being introduced, but did manage to recall the name of Dean’s brother.
He leans to one side and gets a better look at the left hand screen, which displays highlighted dots scattered across a map of the country.
“Shit,” Dean says under his breath.
The hills and valleys of muscle beneath skin are mesmerizing, and he palms all the way up to Cas’ shoulder like someone swooping their hand in the air currents out a car window. When he looks up he finds Cas’ eyes, wide and adoring, irises the same color as the faded cobalt wallpaper behind him.
The End.
His free hand rests on Cas’ tensed thigh. He slides it up, lingering on the V of his hip. “
A cold weight settles in his stomach.
This became particularly clear when, with a great crash of leaves and water, he stumbled into a pond.
“If you get that one, can I have--” There’s a long pause, as Cas takes a drink and considers his mistakes. He does this little laugh that feels like a sawed-off shotgun and it sends a chill down Dean’s back. “I don’t know how to choose. I’ve made so many mistakes.”
Hannah whispered, an urgent hiss seemingly from somewhere on the other side of a stone wall and an oriel window, out in the brisk, overcast night.
A Sam plan, if Dean’s ever heard one.
“Well, the clocks are still...” Sam does a gesture that Dean understands to mean
He waits.
“You’re still gonna have to be careful,” Sam says. “I mean, it doesn’t sound like it worked that well for
The mist was gone. The spheres were nothing but broken glass amid the rubble, and with no more power to absorb, the wind itself began to churn around Cas. Dean was moved to smile.
He does.
No one, including Jack, knows who it’s from.
Once he catches the first one, he can see them everywhere – spaces where trees should be, and aren’t. Hundreds of them, just in the distance he can make out, with those strands (they look almost like grace, Dean thinks) rising from the ground where they’d stood.
“Go?” Sam aims a quizzical look at Dean.
He almost throws the door open when he reaches it, but stops, and knocks instead.
Sammy have you ever heard of
they know how to do nothing but imitate nature) the layout meanders, and the materials are an eclectic mix of whatever happened to be nearby at the time of creation. The aesthetic has never made up its mind, and never will.
“Like the world ran out of hostile monsters,” Dean summarizes.
Cas’ eyes glaze over. “Box,” is all he manages to get out, shakingly, before he starts to spasm again. Sam passes the box to Dean, who grabs it and presses it into Cas’ hands just in time for it to catch the next bout of expectorated grace. Somewhere amid it all, Cas burns a new sigil into the side of it, a reinforcement for this specific purpose.
shower, but it’s pleasant company nevertheless. Dean rests his head on Cas’ shoulder under the falling water and Cas half-mindlessly runs his hands along Dean’s back. He closes his eyes and nearly falls back to sleep this way.
“Did you sleep?” He asks Cas, a sort of diagnostic for just how low his power level is.
“No. No, Cas. This is important. Maybe not for… angels, or whatever, but for me, for humans. It matters. I was stupid, and I missed a chance, once, hell you were
“I hope I haven't misunderstood anything," Castiel shifts his position into one that can be more easily modified, if the next few words are well received. “I've never kissed anyone in a context that wasn't at least partially antagonistic. I’d like that, with you. It seems overdue.”
you remember?” Replies Stan-from-ATVA every fucking time, driving Dean absolutely nuts, but then, in each scenario (and much to Dean’s chagrin) the details always come together, one after another.
yeah, sure,” Sam says, referencing the clock-and-sun situation. “After we sleep, I guess”
“We were doing what we had to,” Castiel appeals. “Veles is killing people. Killing humans, brutally.”
So he does it.
It’s just shy of involuntary, the way his hips stutter and he grinds against Cas’ palm. Cas has more range, and he knows it and he doesn’t waste it, pulling back through Dean's fist and sliding forward as he explores the sensations available to him. Dean barely has to
. They’re just... gone.” Sam beckons them over to the setup, where the left-hand monitor shows a chart that updates automatically with sightings. “We didn’t have this before, so the only basis for comparison is what everyone remembers, and data I pulled off the British Men of Letters, but, yeah. No demons, no ghosts.”
Before (before he fell, before the bright and miserable line of before and after) there’d been times when he considered it. He’d see kissing -- on televisions in passing, or in advertisements, or, most impactfully, in Jimmy Novak’s own memories. He isn’t foolish enough not to have noticed the pattern, the way Dean would sift up through his thoughts right after, like gold emerging from a swirl of sand and dirt in the mesh of a pan.
“Yes,” Cas admits.
Dean stopped in his tracks, looking for all the world like hadn’t accounted for this as a possible reply at all.
He’s sour enough about it that when the same damn black car he
He doesn’t dream.
“I am trying.”
subtle when he’s sufficiently motivated.
“Jerk.”
of anger, in a human body, is new. Castiel feels it in his legs, a sharp, hot bullet traveling from hip to ankle and from shoulder to hand. Dean
Standing next to Cas’ chair is awkward, so he crouches beside it instead. The lull in the heaving continues, and Cas’ breaths even out. A thin sheen of sweat stands out on his forehead. The grip on Dean’s hand has loosened, but not let go.
They’re kneeling on the mattress springs in a way that’s silly and frankly a little uncomfortable, so Dean shifts, sits with his legs stretched out before him. He reaches out and Cas follows him down, kneeling around him, resting on Dean’s thighs.
"Shit, man."
"You don't have to call me that," Castiel surrendered to the reality of the situation.
way to die when he hasn’t even cleared up whatever happened last night. Maybe he shouldn’t have kissed him, or at least, he shouldn’t have kissed him before he used his fucking words for once in his stupid life and said--
Pomona gathers herself. “This land is cold to us, it is unforgiving. No one understands us but us.  As different as we are, we are a kind of family. Every loss makes the next one harder. This one was too hard for me. Perhaps you understand.”
“I’m gonna go check on Cas,” Dean says, scooping his phone off the table. “See if he can reach Naomi, or… any of those other ones.”
Cas nods, looking only marginally less tense than before.
, was an apology, an endeavor to make things right that she didn’t give up on when it got hard.
memories to draw upon, and the things they made him feel...
None of them have asked him that.
“Well… When in Rome,” Rowena says sweetly, canting her head but otherwise not looking up from a green-spangled complimentary issue of
like he’s killing time while he comes up with a plan for when the case is done.
The accident report is beautiful, though: one woman found dead at the scene, and
“--Nothing--”
It isn’t that he doesn’t see what's happening as he self-destructs outward. He stubs his toe on a chair, and then kicks the legs out from under it. It’s a large, heavy chair, so he breaks a whole
been this weird, and for us that’s saying something, but not... whatever you wanna call what’s going on with you guys. That part seems, I don’t know, nice? It’s kind of a relief.”
From there, it just seems
“What’s up?”
So, they helped.
human. Being human, lesson number one: do it your own way and to hell with
Dean can see it like some kind of astral projection: a silvery image of himself, standing up, moving to the bed by the wall where Cas is clearly wrapped in a nightmare. Imaginary-Dean takes Cas’ (human) hand and squeezes it, gently waking him with a soft
“So… what now?” Dean asked, his voice rattling with the wet still in his throat and chest.
“Mm,” Notus agrees, “It
“Do the math yourselves,” Cas practically spits. For a moment, he’s very obviously considering throwing the phone across the room, but elects not to, in the end. His arm goes slack instead, and, shaking his head, he storms out as if deeply offended by something only he could hear.
that sounded almost like a warning.
“In a way,” Cas explained between labored breaths, his eyes still on the sky, “Michael did us all a favor. Taking our power away for all our lives, gave us -- the four of us -- a chance to do what few of our kind ever have.” Cas looked down at his hands, as if they were different now, somehow. “We...
8:37 AM.
“You lied,” Cas accuses, and Dean can’t deny it because it’s
He pushes into Cas’ hand to show his appreciation, and goddamnit Cas actually
Dean enclosed Cas’ hand with his own, like it was a little bird he was trying to keep safe. “Does that mean you’re all…” Dean trailed off.
When he returns to his seat, Cas is still holding the box, examining its contents. Relief is in his eyes when they come up to meet Dean’s.
All he can do now is drive fast, cross his fingers, and hope that the dicks-with-wings (now with 100% less wings) are as lacking in finesse as he imagines.
Dean utters a short scream, mostly from surprise.
to hike. He keeps pointing out nature trails and day-hikes, but none of them seem to be hiding a reason to bring a machete.
Castiel and Dean look at each other, clearly neither liking the sound of that
He asks himself how long it’s been since he had the privilege of this kind of casual, vulnerable touch and realizes with alarm that the answer is essentially
They’re not real. He needs to get back to the real Sam and the real Cas. He needs to tell the
“Is there an order that would be best?” A line appears between Cas’ brows. It’s just like him to think there’s some kind of etiquette or procedure involved here, and the familiar behavior brings a little comfort to them both.
“What do you want them to call you?” Dean asked, brushing aside a branch and holding it long enough to let Castiel pass as well. In response to Castiel’s frown, he elaborated: “I may be dumb, but I’m not
Somewhere past the kiss, he hears the scrape of the chair Sam must have pulled up to watch over them while they were out.
Sam probes. “You hungry? Tired? Think you could sleep, if you tried?”
Castiel quotes himself, nodding. "Sometimes it's difficult for me to know what should be said and what shouldn't, and when, even now. The rules seem so arbitrary and byzantine. I suppose that was the first time I mentioned out loud, in my own way, that I love you.”
"Alright
They don’t talk much about Stanford, but Dean wonders – just how much of a nerd
There are bees just off the highway now, in the right season -- Sonja told him that on his last visit, after she’d gone and read those damned books and found out he'd been fond of them once. She thought he’d be pleased that they were thriving again.
Sam reads aloud.
The water lapped at Dean’s chin, even with Sam doing his best to hold him out of the way.
Castiel didn’t see Hannah after that last day in the ruins, not once. The part of him that had felt her pain, her fear, her need to be present… it was quiet. The last time he’d seen her, she was dressed in her traveling clothes. He didn’t know where she’d traveled to, but deep in the core that connected them, he was confident that she was at peace.
in accordance with the intended purpose of angelic divine visions (though he’s almost certainly not the first to use one this way.)
still out cold, but… I don’t know for how long. I think the magic block is wearing off.” Sam looked around, and Dean followed his gaze. Some of what of he’d thought was just more dust floating around the site was actually a fine white-blue fog that gave off a very slight --but growing-- glow.
“And?”
“There’s an understatement.” Dean’s features soften with relief – in part, Castiel imagines, at the opportunity to be even a little jocular, and likely also in part that the hardest bit of conversation is over, and they might soon be playing on a field he’s more familiar with.
“...of magic, and it’ll be me on that pyre, before long.”
. You didn’t give me your name when I gave you mine. I’m sure you got your reasons and it’s probably not my business, but
“Must have been rough, is all I’m saying. It’s uh…” Sam coughs, “It’s just good that it’s not like that anymore, you know? That kind of thing, obviously fine now.”
“Yeah, if you wanna waste time, I guess,” Dean jokes, because the best jokes are the true ones.
The typically-monstrous things that waved the white flag in the days prior are all reporting waking up
Most importantly, he tries to keep himself from adding up the impossible weight of the wrong he has done, because every time his mind goes down that road it starts to get overwhelming. It’s harder to fight those thoughts now than before. He’s hungry, he’s exhausted, his head aches, and his feet seem like they might sprout their own mouths and scream from all the walking he did before his ride in the truck. If those things weren’t enough, the twin phantom pains that chase along behind him are acting up again, hot and twisting.
All three of them vanish into the clearing with the golden tent, and are gone from view.
“Um,” Dean said when they separated, “Right. I’ll uh… see you around.”
These, (
, either.
“Just answer the damn question.”
style, not by a long shot.
“Cas!” Dean calls out, dropping to his knees, fairly certain it’s useless but calling out anyway. “Cas, can you hear me?”
Castiel recognizes that while this is an insult on its face, Dean means it with affection. “I feel as though all I do is respond to needs. Hunger, thirst, exhaustion. I assume at some point I’ll start finding the time for grooming, but…” A dark laugh slithers out of him. “You called me a baby in a trench coat. Now I don’t even have
Impossible, they say. Might as well ask to turn a telegraph machine into a smartphone.
Cas nods his agreement.
“Yes, Notus?”
Turnip was not a pigeon, nor a dove. Turnip was a crow, a big one, who had moved into the aviary seemingly of her own accord after one or two visits during which Hannah had treated her to a spectacular array of snacks.
His phone falls, then his keys, his wallet, and his stake.
“You were meant to be monitoring him,” Gauri says, almost entirely devoid of sympathy. She turns back and addresses the winds. “Notus, Boreas, keep them busy, don’t hurt them too badly for now, but don’t let them cause any trouble. I will investigate. Oko, Pomona, come with me. Pa-cha, Amaethon, Ninurta, make sure no further problems arise. As we all know, hunters sometimes have backup. Everyone else, go about your business. I urge you not to let the night be wholly ruined.”
but the whole
“No kidding,” Dean agrees, a little breathless.
The only question is the balance of grace, Cas explains: if what’s left now is enough to heal the wounds after, there won’t be any problem. If it isn’t, he’ll wind up flayed. It’s not great news, but he re-emphasizes that they’ve done much dumber things with significantly worse odds, and Dean has little choice but to trust it. The longer they wait, the worse the chances.
. ...Allowed, I mean. And you can--” Dean gestures with that soft, open-handed chop of air he does when something’s serious. “I know it’s not much of a consolation prize for getting kicked off your cloud, but hell, it’s what you got for now, so you might as well experiment. Like things... want things... the whole nine.”
For some reason, Hannah had been intent on bringing them together, Turnip and Castiel, and somehow they’d both loved her enough to indulge her.
“Is supper not to your liking?” Naomi asked, not even trying to make eye contact.
Cas? Lucifer? Michael? The other one?” Dean couldn’t remember her name, the severe-looking one who’d followed Michael like an obedient hound.
Dean sits up a little, seriousness falling on his face like a veil. “Alright. What do you need me to do?” Visions of blood and bone-saws dance unpleasantly in his head.
The white swan man examines the masks, and it hits Castiel that
Cas slides his last four cards together and drops them on the table, which means that everyone else has to drink. Cas wins this round.
“We?”
The LED flashlight on the back of the phone gives him two important bits of information: he is most certainly in his bedroom, and he is alone.
Dean saw Lucifer’s feet disappear behind a swarm of Goblin legs. One Goblin fell, and then another, and another after that, one by one -- Lucifer was doing his best to fight.
Dean panics. It’s like pressing against rubber, like someone saran-wrapped the sea, and he scratches and lashes out against the barrier. Air. He needs air. He
What they
“Right,” Dean tries to move past
Sam shrugs. “Doesn’t taste as bad as it smells.”
Shuts down and goes after Sam, every time, wanted or not.
“Everyone okay on your end?”
“A fine judgment indeed,” praises Oko.
“Strange times,” says Rob says, as he pours five coffees. “But hey, I worked last year in the blizzard, I worked when a tornado came through, I was workin’ last week right up until all the clocks said zero. Woke up on the ol’ army surplus cot I got in the back room for late nights, figured I might as well work today, too. First day of the rest of… something. What's it they say? Begin as you mean to go on?”
“Good, I found him, listen, is there a case around here by any chance?” Dean asks, dropping Cas’ shoes next to the bed by the far wall, taking the one closer to the door for himself.
For a moment, he questions if he should have come here at all. If Cas needs to process his shit, he probably deserves the rest. Dean curses himself. He’s doing that thing again, isn’t he? That thing, where he demands that everyone be on call for him, be there for him, live so that he doesn’t have to deal with them being gone.
Cas digs the curse box out from under his bed, where the grace had been, but when he opens it, it’s dark. There’s feathers in it still, but size aside, they’re indistinguishable from any bird’s. Still, he puts the box of feathers in his new duffel bag.
“What about you?”
“Michael rides out at sunrise,” she said. “Affairs of state – very urgent.”
Winter was upon them, but it felt more like spring, to see his sisters bloom in a way they’d never been allowed under the shadow of Michael’s rule. Castiel could count on two hands the genuine smiles he’d seen on both of their faces for most of his life, and now, despite the considerable drop in luxury, a day hardly seemed to pass that they didn’t smile at least once.
Yes, it’s the same half-truth argument he used on Sam about Cas. Fortunately, it works even better this time -- Cas accepts it without question, wandering up the aisle, away from the whiskey and bourbon that called Dean over here. He returns a few moments later with a bottle of gin and when Dean asks him why
“Dude, I
hunting might be worth a try.
Cas dips back into his room. He figures out how to use the phone light easily enough.
As if being immediately discovered couldn’t get worse, Boreas twirls his finger and the little whirlwind holding an increasingly red-faced and shivering Dean above the ground judders back and forth, shaking him until everything in his pockets and clothes comes loose.
in the space between Sam and Dean, and they share an addictive frisson when they pull off a good one. If a little creative storytelling helps some of the Men of Letters’ spooky odds and ends go for more than they’re worth, Dean doesn’t really mind. (
“This is the spot?” Dean asks, hand poised over the ignition, ready to let the car go quiet.
Where is he?
stupid, which is
“Yes!” She stamps one leather-slippered foot and brandishes the thing. “Look at this. This isn’t some… they aren’t here to kill all of us, just--”
as quickly as he can, not wanting to be a disturbance if Dean’s already fallen asleep.
“What do you mean?”
Cas bends forward again, but he only lingers at Dean’s lips for a moment before kissing his way down – across chin and throat and sternum. He tastes the cocktail of chemicals on Dean’s sweat that show just how much he wants this, wants Cas, and Cas answers by continuing downward past Dean’s bellybutton.
Not only does she
The word for how he felt came to him easily: it made him covetous, but he couldn’t let Dean see that. Castiel himself didn’t mind how on-the-nose it was, how it recalled what he’d let Metatron take from him, but he didn’t think he could take being teased over it, not now. To avoid that risk, he didn’t even touch it when Dean was looking, and scooped up the fox instead.
Cas opens his eyes and is immediately overcome by a visible wave of fear. No, not just visible--Dean
Cas tries to get to his feet but another wind-monster sinks its claws into his neck. Dean skids to his knees, panic threatening to consume him.
says the little voice in Dean’s head.
Shortly before Sam died, he confided to Castiel that he felt prouder of
Cas pants for a moment, and then catches his breath and sinks downward into a more restful pose, one where he sits on his heels. Dean thinks his expression looks for all the world like he’s just had two enormous splinters removed.
He’s surprised at how much comes back to him, before the end.
You shoulda moved on sooner, I could have gotten her number.”
For now, Dean could frankly use a little distraction himself. They drag one another to the shower and use an amount of hot water that would be deeply unfair if the bunker had ever shown any limit where that was concerned, and then, couched in Dean’s memory foam mattress, they sleep an entangled, dreamless sleep for a few hours before waking and diving back into the rhythm of the work.
and that if anyone tells you to do something you just do the opposite, so I shouldn’t bring it up, so I
Michael shouted something. He balled both hands into fists, and Sam poised himself to cover Dean once more, but it was unnecessary.
It’s not like Dean thinks Sam doesn’t notice this increasingly common arrangement, but as with most things, it’s a
It would have been something. Maybe it’s for the best it was real monsters.
to die without--”
Castiel offered to fly instead, but Sam just shook his head. The drive was part of it. The drive was
It works. The look he gets in response is the closest thing to escaping the stew of self-loathing that has come out of Cas since Dean found him.
, but it... doesn’t seem like it’s a secret anymore.”
is an improvement on
Dean looks back, finally. Their eyes meet, and they rest there for a long moment. Another blizzard rages outside. Castiel knows: this
There’s a kind of quiet among them, after that, and as the summer changes to fall, there’s a sense that they’ve successfully blown off all the steam they need to.
, and he can’t even begin to guess what the appropriate excuse is, so he just picks up the gin bottle, crosses the space and slips into the parchment-yellow light of the bathroom, shutting the door behind him and pressing in the lock on the doorknob with a
And he does it again, and when he finally catches himself after a few repetitions, it stops for a little while, but when his attention wanders, there he goes again. Now that Dean’s seen it, he can’t
Dean’s still getting his shoes back on when Castiel opens the door. As he steps through it though, the wind starts to build again, and the snowflakes fall fast and hard. The blizzard is back, and for a moment, Castiel’s heart stops
was an instruction, not permission. He wonders if Dean’s figuring it out too.
Sometimes the answer is
He chuckles to himself when he wonders if he could get an exception for not being human, but he’s fairly sure he won’t get far with that.
?” Dean murmurs back, because he’s an asshole, and the smile in his voice makes Cas want to kiss him and punch him at the same time. Dean doesn’t wait for an answer, instead scraping his way down Cas’ upper back again, digging in harder this time. “This?”
“I don’t know if that matters to you all,” Dean says with a certain prickly pride, “but it matters to us.”
There’s a hot puff of air against his neck, just below his ear, as Cas laughs into his skin. He reaches back, puts his hand over Dean’s wrist, and moves it to the center of one airfoil-shaped scar.
In Flagstaff, Dean buys everyone straw hats and makes them all wear them in the desert-and-canyon photos (even Rowena, despite her protests that it’s already hard
Blessedly, there’s no impact. He never hits the ground or a tree or anything at all, because the wind’s got him by the ankle. A tornado-in-miniature holds his foot and dangles him a couple of feet above the fluttering leaf litter below.
In any case, it isn’t as if they have to hurry.
Dean offers Cas the first shower (and tosses him some clean clothes) somewhere in the middle of complaining about everything -- the stains on the walls and carpet, the musty smell, the bed-springs, the orange-and-brown color scheme. Castiel doesn’t remember him being this picky before he had the bunker to go home to.
“What’s so funny?” Castiel peered at Dean, amused and puzzled all at once.
He’s laughing, because the two of
and he would have known the thought as if it was his own.
Right before Sam was born, Dean had a book of jokey riddles, a gift from mom. He’d liked them in concept, and successfully guessed his fair share (for a little kid, anyway) but when he couldn’t get them quickly, he’d get frustrated.
For someone with Grace, this was a minor obstacle at most. Castiel could persuade just about any type of tree to grow anywhere with a little help. They read lists of trees and the attributes they were meant to represent, telling stories of Dean by way of trying to make a decision, grieving, the way people were supposed to.
It was a completely ridiculous cacophony, but sure enough, the woman’s head whipped around, her face screwed up in misery (complete with the black eyes and double sets of horns Castiel expected to see) and
“Why does anyone do anything, Sa—” Dean’s cut off by dust in his lungs forcing him to cough. In the process, his flashlight beam swings wild, and for a second, it makes a slender, tapered shadow on the wall.
“It’s fine for you to look at it,” Cas explains, voice heavy with distress, but not anger. “It’s not a secret. I’m just forgetting things. Old things, mainly--”
But no, this clearly matters to Cas and the least he can do is be on his side, here. Besides, it’s got him really thinking. If he likes gin, and hot showers, and black coffee, what else could he like? What else might be able to
“Like I said,” Dean paused impatiently. “I’m not gonna snitch, and you can bet nobody where we’re going will either. We’re all got secrets. Whatever yours is, it’s safe with a bunch of drunk miners, I promise. They probably won’t even remember you tomorrow.”
"Not to my knowle--"
” Dean says by way of explanation. He doesn’t blame Sam for double-checking, he knows Cas has absorbed the bad Winchester habit of eliding reality when it comes to self-declarations of being okay.
At this, Jack’s face changes completely. He
had his own ideas and feelings and opinions, but in the same way a teenager sneaks smokes, trying to avoid being caught with contraband. Now here he is, freely
As if having materialized from nothing, Dean is there in his
A few steps back down the hall, Sam and Dean exchange weighty, anxious looks. By silent agreement, they head back to the library. If Cas really tries to hear them, he probably can, which is fine.
There’s a recap of the hike woven among Sam’s instructions to Cas and Jack (and truly, only Sam could make getting high sound like some kind of flight attendant safety presentation) to which Dean pays almost no attention because all he’s really thinking about is that cake. It’s the kind with the good dense frosting, none of that airy whipped cream crap. He hasn’t had a decent cake in ages, and he’s pretty sure that that’s where his mind would be even if he were stone cold sober.
hunters.”
“I assume the light in the sky is somehow related,” Cas says.
It’s an unfair thought, perhaps a
answers the tree in its way.
“Wh--no, Dean, shut up. The town was settled by Germans-from-Russia. I don’t know how much you know about this but--”
Castiel’s heart rattles in his chest, a startled little thing like a fish in the clutches of an eagle.
just about put Cas out of his misery -- misery that Dean was (and is) convinced that he inflicted.
they think in unison.
What does Dean do, when the roles are reversed?
part.
He’s used to naked-with-someone being this goal-oriented thing, foot on the pedal until someone careens off a cliff, but this is (like his thoughts from earlier)
Dean hovers in the doorway.
to tell me, what--”
In a stroke of luck, the sky clears and they get to see more stars than any of them can now count. Jack asks Cas a million questions about them, and never seems to get tired of Cas talking his ear off about the details, and Dean can’t blame him for that. He has a private laugh, and when Cas turns to him and asks what it’s about, he says it’s nothing, but what it really is is Dean imagining Cas doing ASMR videos for pocket money.
Dean likes him this way, he thinks.
“I…” Cas swallows, frowns, does not meet Dean’s eyes. He slumps forward, leaning on the table like a runner with a cramp, and Dean’s across the room like a shot to guide him into chair before he collapses.
Dean’s eyes flew open. Hot pain
The phone buzzes on the dresser like a downed hornet and they both startle, springing apart as quickly as if they’d been splashed with cold water.
Several things happened, not quite all at once.
Crowley had seen it. He may not have known the reason, but he’d cannily plucked order from the chaos of the universe, and he’d possibly come closer to the real truth of things than anyone else. As odd as it is, there’s a part of Dean that’s a little sour that Crowley had to die without ever knowing that.
There was a small stream at his feet, and beyond that, nothing but deep woods. The waxing moon did a decidedly mediocre job of penetrating the canopy, but there were enough gaps where the cold light could reach the leaf litter that he could pick his way among the dark trees.
“Since when does therapy have homework?”
Dean can’t help thinking, having given themselves up so that Cas might live) on the concrete floor. Dean hesitates, and then he takes the top sheet off the bed (wiggling it out from under Cas’ knees) and covers them, because it just seems like the thing to do. If he had to cut his own legs off he wouldn’t want to stare at them in the corner of the room, he figures. He switches the lamp on, casting a soft orange light about the space.
“Don’t you worry about that, just follow me, I know a place – ‘s where I was headed anyway.” With that, Dean took off walking.
and now you want to work a case. You’re being weird, even for--Wait, what do you mean,
a bit weird, with Dean having found Cas at the diner mid-morning, breakfast eaten like dinner. At the motel, they’ve been behaving entirely as though it were evening. Cas barely manages to stay awake while Dean recites what he knows about Sam’s maybe-probably-case (making it sound terribly urgent and important, so of course they
This legislation, though, strikes a huge blow to Castiel’s oath.
The car and her passengers head south, through Albuquerque, which no one likes and in which they spend as little time as possible.
They make short work of their preparations. Together, the Steward of Castieland and his faithful knight venture forth.
“I don’t know, stick it in the fridge or something,” Dean shrugs. “It’s been around this long, it’ll probably keep.”
not the only…” He stops, seemingly realizing he’s said too much.
This time, he stays for two weeks. He takes some of the kids -- the ones in a position to appreciate it -- for drives in Baby. He thinks she deserves a little more laughter and warmth than he can provide these days. They’re always faintly shocked that he needs to watch the road to drive, that the seats all face forward and only forward, that she’s so
When the time comes to move on, Rowena pulls him aside.
“It’s disgusting,” Cas justifies. He eyes the cup like it’s betrayed him. “People
Sam’s chat suggests that overall, the hunters on the front lines are actually having a rather interesting time out there. They don’t need fake IDs, now, or calls from their “FBI directors” -- no one needs any convincing to trust them and help them. No one doubts them, now that the hidden world is staring them in the face.
“I was raised properly,” Sam defends.
He can smell them on the air, but it’s hard to tell how recently they’ve been in the room. The library is dark and quiet, and he flicks on the lights from a distance as he passes through.
That’s all Dean needs to hear. He’s already draining the glass before Sam can even finish his sentence. The counter jumps and the stove vibrates. The floor comes up to meet him. His hand touches Cas’, and warmth shoots up his arm.
“Then why didn’t you just say
It takes Dean a moment to realize what the walls are made of. He’s never seen anything like it – undulating waves of blue, glassy light, still as stone and glittering. The icy cavern arcs around him and beneath him. He’s got no coat, nothing but a t-shirt and a flannel to protect him from the chill that circulates in the air.
“I…” Dean feels a lazy smile take hold, the kind that considers becoming a laugh but doesn’t quite get there. “No, don’t avoid them, or no, don’t touch them?”
To human ears, the bunker must be fairly quiet, but to him, it speaks. It whispers in the variations of the airflow through the ventilation system. It taps out a code in the drip of the pipes. It murmurs in the creaks of the settling walls and floors.
“Aren’t you… afraid? I mean… because of the pain?”, he asked cautiously and Dean snorted his beer.
He knocked on the window of the Impala.
Sam was speechless for a while, staring at Dean who was about to cry, already wiping his face with his sleeve. Sam had been angry about the fact that Dean had kept this secret from him, had not properly introduced him to the news, but now he could understand it. Though it looked easy, it was not easy at all for his brother.
Dean frowned. “Pretty?” He chuckled. “Cass, that’s not something you say to a grown man… Men aren’t pretty.”
“Me neither! It’s far too unhealthy at this late hour!”
“We got something to celebrate.”
“That’s exaclty why you should be in the know, Sammy.”
“I promise you.”
“You have to go?” He sounded a bit disappointed, not as cheerful as before, but also understanding.
Castiel's breathing had stopped. He felt a strong and unexpected rush of adrenaline, hot as fire, flying like butterflies...
When Dean recognized the soft surface of the bed he quickly adjusted his body to a sleeping position, bending his knees and hugging the pillow. Castiel sat down next to him, spreading the bedsheet over his body.
The following days he drove around searching for all necessities he needed to speak the magical spell. If Sam did not help him he would do everything on his own, but it was not easy. He had to travel for hours to find the right people, to get all the utensils.
Sam could not pay attention to Dean at that moment. He ran straight to Castiel and hugged him tightly. Castiel was also happy to see him again. Sam and he had always had a great relationship.
And then it hit him like a fist in the face.
This sensitive Dean… he has enchanted me the most.
“Cass, really?! You don’t know what music you like? You must have listened to something on your own...?!”
He found himself downstairs in the hall and let his eyes wander through the foreign environment. The wooden walls of a holiday house surrounded him. Sam and Dean had rented this place to get rid of stress and depression. For the first time in their lives, they took time to relax. Usually, they continued with new cases to distract themselves from all former happenings, but this time… they had defeated god, and who else could stand in the way after an enemy of this dimension?
