“Oh,” Cas looked around the group of people. “Let me introduce you to everyone. This is Balthazar. Over here we have Meg and Ruby. And this is Kevin.”
“I am not worried,” Cas smiled at Dean warmly. “But I do have an idea.”
[greeneyedhunter] Good.
“Hey Sammy,” As Dean got up to the porch, he hugged his clearly intoxicated brother. “Some party.”
“I just wanted to let you know what was going on,” Principal Shurley informed him. “I think maybe you both talking with Claire about how people are going to have opinions on gay relationships and maybe how you both deal with those situations. Maybe to avoid her becoming violent in the future.”
[angelofthursday] Do you have the day off? Since you had the time to wait for me all day.
[greeneyedhunter] As much as I would like to say no, it does.
“I thought you loved corny jokes,” Castiel says with a laugh, earning him an elbow to the side, which only makes him laugh harder.
“Works for me.” Meg accepted Dean’s answer. “Maybe we should all get some sleep and start fresh in the morning.”
Both.
Taking a few more deep breaths, Castiel was ready to go back out and resume his night. Dean had needed him and he was going to be there for Dean. Nothing was standing in his way anymore.
_ _ _ _ _ _
“Dean?” He screamed through the door. He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach. He knew the feeling of throwing up and hoped it would not happen, but he did not trust anything anymore. “I’ll just wait here then.”
[angelofthursday] No.
[angelofthursday] When fans find out who I am, suddenly, we stop talking like people.
Dean was not sure how long he had been sitting outside but it had grown dark hours ago. He knew that Castiel was behind him and had been for some time. He appreciated that he was giving him space, so to speak, but he also wished he would come to talk to him. He had stormed out and felt justified, but he did not know how to go back from that. This was an area where Dean had no idea what to do. Sure, Castiel said some crazy things, but he was trying to make Dean feel better. That is what you did for the people you loved, right?
“I know you will,” Dean reached out and placed his hand on top of Castiel’s. Castiel flinched to the touch, not because Dean was touching him but because it did not feel like Dean. Dean put power into the things that he did. There was nothing powerful in Dean’s touch. It was weak and clammy and cold. It was not Dean; it was the shell of Dean. His Dean was no longer there.
[greeneyedhunter] Just your robe, huh?
“Why would you do that to me?” Dean felt the anger building back inside of him. Castiel was his best friend and he had played him. Who did that to their best friend?
Dean laid in bed staring at the ceiling until the early hours of the morning. He would close his eyes, only to find them opening again and examining the shapes in the room closer than they really needed. By the time five o’clock rolled around, he was texting Benny to let him know that he would not be into work for the day. He never called in sick and saying that he was sick was technically a lie, but he just couldn’t do it. He was exhausted and his mind would not shut up about the evening before.
So, Cas. Where are you from.
“Yeah, yeah,” She grumbled as if she was not enjoying his humor, but she was. “Coming right up.”
“Better get on with it then before Charlie gives us the definition.”
He'd had enough of this. Cas had always seemed interested in him. Everyone saw it and people said things about it on occasion. They even knew that Dean had feelings back for the now fallen angel. He had always just been too chicken shit to do anything about it or admit how he feels. But he was done running from his feelings. Life was too short.
Dean spent the next few days reading every book he could find on soul mates. The majority of them believed that there was no such thing. There was no one soul that was meant to be with another one. He was screwed and they could not find Rowena. Sam was currently out searching for her but he kept calling with no luck.
[Cas] Yes and no.
“Okay, let’s see,” Dean looked over at the presents. “Right. A gift that makes you think of the other person.”
“Dude,” Meg spoke, startling Castiel. He had forgotten she was standing behind him. “You look like someone ran over your dog.”
Dean hung up with his brother and turned his truck to head home. He could chat up Ellen or Bobby, if they were even working tonight. They tended to just hire people to work the bar these days and stayed home. Maybe Ash was working and Dean could chat him up for a bit. He needed to do something. As much as it did not fit into the norm of lately, Dean was not ready to go home.
Oh yeah? Do I know her?
“Sure,” Dean nodded, reaching over and grabbing Sam’s laptop. “Knock yourself out.”
“Can I help you?” An old woman stepped out of the cart, using a strange stick of wood to guide her without falling. Her eyes were ghosted over and even though she was looking straight at him, Castiel was certain she couldn't actually see.
“Remember that time Sam fell in that hole,” Cas laughed, grabbing his side to keep from falling over, tears of laughter streaking the side of his face.
“Fuck,” Dean cried out, that ball that had been building in his stomach finally having enough and erupting.
Dean was going out of his mind. They hadn’t worked a case in nearly two weeks and nothing was standing out as something worth taking a look at. They thought they had a case a few days ago, but before they even got packed, it was announced that they found the culprit; the very human culprit. He’d felt bad that he’d wished it had been a creature of some kind but was also glad that the murders were done with and people were no longer losing their lives. None of this was going to stop him from looking though. He was even to the point of searching state by state. Soon, he was going to do individual town searches in order to find something, anything.
“You know it.”
“Of course,” Dean nodded at him and put his keys back into the ignition. “Anything to get out of that damn party.”
But people got better. Aside from himself and Marvin, no one had ever been here more than a couple of months. They came, got treatment, got better and went home. Marvin was batshit crazy and Dean never spoke. They weren't going anywhere anytime soon.
No. It was no accident. Shit like that just didn’t happen, not during those moments, not unless. “Fuck,” Dean breathed again, not sure whether or not he wanted to scream or cry. How could he have been so dumb?
“Four years,” Castiel smiled, at least the memories were not painful. “It was doomed from the beginning. She was one of those wild and carefree spirits. I loved that about her but I got tired of constantly being on the move. She couldn’t live in one place for more than a couple of months without going stir crazy.”
"Are you sure you are okay with this?" Dean asked.
Lawrence, Kansas
My friend Balthazar from school said him and some other students were going camping. He asked me to come. I agreed.
“No,” Dean admits. “But I’d rather tell you I love you to your face and not just over the phone.”
Before he could say anything else, the tears fell. Castiel had been coming over to comfort Dean, to tell him that none of this was his fault. How that had turned into Dean standing in his living room, crying for who knows what reason, Castiel was at a loss.
"Cas," Dean called out to him. "Cas, can I please come in."
[greeneyedhunter] Do I get a photo of you in return.
Then Cas was losing his rhythm and Dean knew he was close. He reached up the best he could and pulled Cas’ mouth down onto his own by his hair. The kiss was hard, full of passion and need. Dean needed Cas to cum inside of him, fill him up and mark him as his own.
“That is what I am told,” Castiel answered, his voice completely monotone.
[angelofthursday] That is the nice way of putting it.
“He hasn’t really been awake much today.” A familiar voice stepped in, startling Castiel a bit. “I think he is trying to save as much energy as he can.”
Good.
“Dean,” Cas tried to sound annoyed but Dean was now kissing at his neck and Cas’ body was clearly begging for it. “We talked about this.”
I am not mad baby.
“Yeah,” Castiel shouts.
Castiel climbed out of bed, grabbing his boxers and sweatpants. He slipped them on clumsily as he made his way to the front door, Meg quickly appearing right behind him. He knew that an argument was going to come out of this, but he didn’t care. He wasn’t going to leave Dean standing outside in the rain.
When he reached the front door to the coffee shop, Castiel stopped to take a deep breath and try to gather his thoughts. He could do this. But he couldn’t do this. He had to do this. Then he spotted Dean, sitting at a table, leaned back against a chair, two cups sitting in front of him and he was looking right at Cas. He didn’t seem angry or shocked or anything, maybe he hadn’t caught on yet. He just assumes Castiel was coming for coffee. This was one of Castiel’s favorite places to get coffee.
Dean pulled into the driveway of his mom and dad’s house and hesitated to get out. Ben was more than happy to spend the evening with his grandparents and was already out the door. Ben told his dad that he needed to go to this party and have a good time. Ben had been worried that his dad was losing his touch with reality. He hadn’t really gotten out much in the last three years and it was about time. Ben of all people understood how it was hard but he also hated seeing his dad locked in the house every night watching television or working on his car in the garage.
“Hey, Blondie.” Dean smiled down at his daughter.
"What happened in your dream Dean," Cas started but Dean cut him off, pulling him into a kiss that was nothing more than hard and desperate.
“Yeah?” Dean raised a questioning eyebrow. “Any reason why?”
Dean nodded and made his way for the kitchen. As he passed through the doorway, everything started to spin. He reached out to grab the counter but it wasn’t there. He was no longer in his kitchen, he was standing in a large industrial looking kitchen, with giant stainless steel refrigerators and it was … it was cold.
“Understood.”
[Dean] And, if making the right decision falls apart on you. I promise I’ll be by your side.
Dean slipped out of his clothes and into his bed, the sheets were cold against his skin. He could not believe that he had spent that long talking with someone, let alone someone that he barely knew. Except now he could not say that. He knew Castiel pretty well at this point. There were still things that Dean could learn about him but he knew the big stuff, the stuff that generally took the longest to learn about a person. That was something.
[greeneyedhunter] Heya, Cas.
As soon as Dean’s mind moved to Castiel, his heart began to race. It was strange and caused his stomach to turn in a way that he had never felt before. What was it that Castiel had over him? Was he that desperate for a friend that his body was longing for one as well? It was at that moment that it all started to come together. It was not Lisa that was holding Dean back this evening, it was Castiel.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel’s voice appeared behind him again.
[angelofthursday] Doesn’t do me a lot of good though.
[angelofthursday] I would very much like that Dean.
[greeneyedhunter] Maybe.
Want to grab a drink?
Once Dean had the tip of Cas’ cock in his mouth, Cas moved further down his own, taking in more while swirling his tongue the best he could. Dean mimicked these motions to the best of his ability, hoping he was getting it right. This continued until Cas’ cock was all the way in Dean’s mouth. Dean pulled back, licked around the tip, took it all the way back in, repeatedly, until Cas pulled off his cock and laid his head back against the pillow.
“Okay,” Dean was not expecting to get a yes. “Um, have you ever heard of a bar called Singers?”
[greeneyedhunter] Okay.
“They are just preparing you for the future,” Dean laughed at his son, who complained every morning about the time it was. Ever since Ben was born he had been a night time baby. He slept during the day and was wide awake at night. Made for some tiresome nights in their home but he got a little better as he got older.
The fairy nodded eagerly. He seemed to have more faith in this plan than Castiel did but he also knew what he could do. Like, kill Castiel in his sleep. He could probably do that.
Castiel arrived shortly after seven and Dean quickly offered him a beer. He had made sure to supply this evening with beer because he refused to learn that beer and his feelings really did not go that well together. After handing Castiel a beer, he led him out onto the back patio where he was cooking up the steaks on the grill. Ben was already outside, lost in the video game he was playing on his phone.
“Oh?” Dean was getting angry again. He stood himself up, pacing back and forth in front of where Cas was sitting. “Just oh?”
It’s okay. I deserve it.
“Hey,” He kissed the top of her forehead before letting her go and taking a seat on an empty log off to the side. At least Jess was here, he knew her outside of Sam’s friends and it was easier to carry on a conversation with her.
“I would really like that.”
“Again,” Dean set his water down on the coffee table and turned his body towards Castiel. “I am so sorry for stopping by without asking.”
“Fine,” Castiel huffed a response. “Do you want to know what I see?”
[angelofthursday] I did not mean it like that.
This is probably going to be long and very slow building. If you are looking for fast paced, quick relationship or whatever, this won't be that. I just don't want to pull someone in and be like, when are you going to get to the good stuff. Good stuff takes time, just like their conversations are going to take.
[angelofthursday] I am a writer.
“Cas,” Castiel jumped up, almost falling out of his chair. “You came.”
Dean could hear the deep grown of Castiel’s voice when he read whatever was written to him. He appreciated it, for the most part, because it helped him remember that this username belonged to Cas and not to some chick named Angel. On the other hand, it sucked because it made him miss Cas that much more … and damn it … he had a right to be angry and keep his distance. Two and a half weeks was not long enough to forgive someone for lying to you, for over a year for that matter. But then again, this was Cas and not just some random person.
“We’re men!”
Dean glared at his brother but continued to make his way toward Bella. Since Castiel had not shown up, Dean needed something to pass his time. Bella was hot, he supposed that she would work as some kind of a distraction. If Castiel showed up, he would have a reason to bail. If he didn’t, maybe he could at least get lucky this evening.
[555-4033 | You] Yeah?
[greeneyedhunter] Wow. That is not what I was expecting.
“I am going to go get a little air,” Dean let himself up from the couch and flashed his brother a smile. He did not want Sam to think that he was not having a good time, even though he wasn’t. He needed Sam to believe that all was going well, that way he could pass the news along to their mother.
Um … Hi?
“Oh,” Castiel’s voice lightened on the other end of the phone. “Yeah. I would like that.”
[greeneyedhunter] Goodie, goodie?
“Try being me right now,” Dean laughed. The sound that came out was bizarre, but it felt good. He hadn’t heard himself laugh since before his brother died.
"Dean," Cas whined as Dean pushed his hips down, slotting their hardness together. "Oh, Dean."
That was it. That was all she was. She was someone to hold in his beds on the nights that Dean did not show up for him to hold. She was the person to spend his time with when Dean was busy or they were taking a couple of days, because friends didn’t spend every waking moment together, even though he wanted Dean to be with him constantly. She was just holding Dean’s place.
See, you’re angry.
[greeneyedhunter] Works for me.
[greeneyedhunter]
and Dean?
“You ready to go Bear?” Castiel asked her.
“Heaven?” Dean shrugged his shoulders. “Or hell. You think I am going to hell Cas?”
Fine. Then I don’t want to hang out because I don’t need to surround myself with a negative best friend. How is that for a no?
“That’s okay,” Dean got up from where he was sitting at the bar and motioned to a tall table in the back, sitting right beside a pool table, that lay vacant. “You want to play some pool?”
“Okay,” Dean responded.
"Yes Dean." Cas nodded, pulling back the covers and crawling in.
Dean cried out as Castiel dropped back down and took his cock into his mouth, swallowing him down. He’d had many blowjobs in his life but Castiel’s mouth wrapped around him was another experience entirely. It was like he fit perfectly. And the way Castiel sucked and licked and took all of him nearly pushed Dean over the edge. He was holding on by a string, being held back by Castiel.
What. Are you really a dude or something?
The day tiptoed by. Every time he looked at a clock, it was as if it hadn’t moved. Not really the best way to end his week but it was what it was. It was mid-summer and while business was good and bills were more than paid, people were travelling and not coming in as much on Friday’s. People wanted everything to be done during the week so they could do fun stuff during the weekend. Dean had forgotten what fun stuff was these days.
Dean was brought back to his room after the meeting with Dr. Mills. Normally, at this time, he would be out in the main room. It was where everyone had a chance to socialize or do some kind of activity. There were lots of things to do, from paying boards games or reading a book, all the way to watching movies or playing pool. They knew Dean hated being out there, so on days like today, they let him sit in solitude in his room.
“Hi Daddy,” Claire’s voice seemed small like she already knew she was in trouble. “Hi, Papa.”
What are your plans for break?
“Thank you again for coming in,” the receptionist said with a forced smile.
[angelofthursday] That was tricky and kind of mean.
“Little brother,” A loud voice echoed its way through Dean’s shop. “Where are you man?”
"How?" Castiel could not help the excitement. Having a fairy was one thing but being able to talk to him would be quite satisfying. "Can you talk?"
Thank you Dean.
Within minutes, Cas had used his crazy hand on the head trick and killed all the vampires in the room. Dean wanted to be mad. What was the point of him even coming if Cas could take care of it himself? But he wasn’t angry. Instead, he was so incredibly turned on that he had to turn away from the angel to adjust himself in his jeans. Cas was a badass. He was all muscle and angel strength. If he wanted to kill Dean, he could do it with a simple touch of his hand. If he wanted to pick Dean up and toss him around, it would take nothing out of him.
“Well, this day has been hard for all of us,” Castiel answered as he parked in the spot right upfront. “I think that we all deserve a little pick me up. What do you say?”
[angelofthursday] I know I don’t know you, but this is the longest conversation I have had in a long time.
"Dean?" Cas gave him a worried look. "You don't have a son. Are you speaking of Lisa's son Ben?"
[555-4033 | You] Will your friends be okay with this?
“Do you need to be in bed with me?” Castiel stood in front of the small man who nodded that he did need to be in the bed.
[angelofthursday] I do not log in to messenger when I am writing.
“I just need a minute.”
“Fuck,” Dean moaned into the water.
“I freaking love it,” Dean admits. “This is great.”
He threw the door open and suddenly the light overtook him, he wanted to scream from the pain but there wasn’t any. The light consumed him, swallowed him whole and his entire body came alive. Instead of fighting it, he let it in, accepted it.
So, tomorrow at noon, I will be at Lava Jave on 12
Why aren’t you on your way?
“I’m not a chump,” Dean yells, grabbing the chair in front of him and shaking it. “I’m not a chump. I’M NOT A FREAKING CHUMP!”
[greeneyedhunter] What’s the matter? Don’t know how to have a good time.
“Why do we gotta go bring her into this?” Dean asks the camera. Dean and Lisa had been together for two years of the show's run, but it ended about five years ago.
“Represent,” Dean says calmly before beginning to yell again. “You’re Castiel! Hey, listen. I’m gonna psych you up and you are gonna psych me up. You psych me up, Cas. Cas! Your name is Cas! You have a freaking hat that says your freaking name on it!”
“Okay,” Castiel agreed.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel purred as he pulled his fingers from Dean. “Say it.”
“I do,” Castiel nodded, his eyes looking Dean over completely. “But you won’t for long.”
“Miracles,” Castiel looked back up at her, his blue eyes distant and sad. “There is no one there to make them anymore.”
[greeneyedhunter] I am sure your life is much more exciting than mine.
“I’m such a good boy,” Dean mumbled out against the pillow.
But on the sixth day, he was free to be nothing more than Castiel. And he took advantage of these moments. Once he becomes King, even his sixth day will become a repetitive nightmare of routine and mundane business. Any semblance of real life will completely vanish and he will look back on these days fondly, realizing how good he truly had it, even if he can still deny that to be the case at the moment.
“Everybody,” Cas turned to them and then back to Dean. “This is my best friend, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas’ voice came from behind him. “Can we talk?”
Castiel watches as Dean struts his way to the bathroom. Once he is gone, he pulls out the pile of gifts, already wrapped, and carries them to the living room to set under the tree. All four of them neatly stacked beside all … three of Deans? Why were there only three? Maybe the food item could not be wrapped.
Castiel let himself go, grabbing onto Dean as he came. He came hard, coating their stomachs and Dean’s hand. He almost felt like it was never going to end as he stroked every drop out. Dean stroked it a few more times but soon Castiel was pulling away, too sensitive to be touched any longer.
Dean pulled himself up the best he could and then leaned against the counter, catching his breath. He couldn't figure out what was happening but nothing felt right. None of this is right.
Dean pushed his hips forward as Castiel began to undo his pants and drop them to his ankles. He was curious as to what was going to happen. Was Castiel going to return the favor of what he had done or was he going to go the route that Dean was too afraid of? Either way Dean was ready, he just hoped that he could last for more than a few moments, as his body was already on the brink of ecstasy.
“We will get there,” Cas laughed, lying back against the bed.
I know.
[angelofthursday] Oh wow good?
"Everything okay?" Cas asked. He brought himself to his feet and made his way over to Dean, a worried look on his face.
[greeneyedhunter] So, you aren’t in prison.
“Now is not the time for the, I love you like family, speech.” Dean groaned. “This is not just something you do for someone you care about.”
He thrust his hips forward, fucking into Castiel’s hand. His entire body was tense and he felt like he was about to explode into a million pieces. And then he was.
[greeneyedhunter] I love mystery/mystery novels.
I can bring it to you after work on Wednesday.
Castiel loved the sixth day. It was the day he was able to take time for himself and not have to focus on anything. Second through fifth day were dedicated to his studies, training and sitting in on council. While the days went by fast, the repetitiveness of it all was enough to drive him insane. The first day was the worst day. While religion was an important thing within the Kingdom, Castiel could never find it in himself to take any merit in the words being cast in his direction.
“You know Chuck,” Sam pointed to Chuck Shurley, his best friend since entering college. Dean had met Chuck a few times. He was slightly closer to Dean’s age, a little more into school than Sam. He looked older than he was though with a well maintained beard and clothes did this not scream future lawyer. He was a little on the weird side but he seemed like a good guy.
“Um,” Dean pulled away from her and tried to regain himself. He did not want to hurt her but he did not want to do this. He had to get out of here. He should have left when he realized that Castiel was not coming. He shouldn’t have come to begin with.  “I need to go.”
Dean almost cried as he read over Castiel’s words, being as he was turning into a freaking cry baby these days. He knew that he did not fully understand his feelings but he also knew that he did not want to lose Castiel. Castiel was the first person in a long time who had really got to him. Castiel made him smile, even better, he made Dean laugh. It had been a very long time since Dean had laughed and genuinely meant it.
Jimmy?
“So, you are in a bad mood because you didn’t get any?”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel sighed. “This is going to take me a minute to process.”
“Okay,” Dean moves into the episode, when all Castiel wants to do is back out and leave. “Last year, about a year ago, we made a video where we ate the world's hottest pepper - that we could find, which is the Ghost Pepper.”
Leaning forward, Dean laid his forehead against Cas', causing them to lock eyes. He then lifted his hips enough to slide a hand between them. He took them both into his hand, using the precum leaking between them to slowly stroke their cocks together.
"It's good to be home," Dean lied. He wasn't sure where home was anymore but he was certain it wasn't this.
Once he was able to gain a little bit of control, he began to slowly thrust his hips up to meet Castiel’s mouth, his hand still gripped firmly in his best friend’s hair. He would let up by the sounds that Castiel was making were proof enough that Castiel was loving this just as much as Dean was.
[greeneyedhunter] That definitely sounds like a goodie, goodie.
[greeneyedhunter] That isn’t true. Writers put a lot of who they are into their work.
“Dean,” Castiel tilted his head to the side, trying to make sense of what Dean was saying. “Sam is gone; he is not anywhere that I will be looking.”
“Hello, Dean,” the familiar voice of Castiel spoke from behind him.
“Yeah,” Castiel answered. “Bar downtown, kind of bikerish?”
The three of them walked slowly out to the car and got themselves in. Dean was unsure of what to say and hoped Castiel wouldn’t say anything either. They hadn’t had time to discuss how they were going to handle this and he didn’t want them to end up fighting in front of their daughter who had already been through enough for one day. If punishment was going to happen, it could wait a while longer. But all the same, the silence as they drove was killing him.
“Dean, what are you …” Cas began to ask but Dean cut him off with a harsh kiss, pushing him against the door of the bathroom. He had no idea what he was doing but he was going to keep doing it.
[greeneyedhunter] What are you writing?
Dean stepped into the shower and let the hot water roll over his skin. At first it made him jump, remembering the burning pain from the light in his dream but soon it felt wonderful, loosening the muscles in his neck and shoulders, enough to help him make it through another day of work. One of these days he was going to get a massage. He told himself this exact thing every morning though and still hasn’t pursued it.
Turning around, Dean came face to face with the angel. And damn if he didn’t look amazing. He looked exactly the same as he always did but amazing nonetheless. Dean even thought his trenchcoat was sexy. When the fuck did a trenchcoat become something other than what a predator would wear? Though, if Cas wanted to make Dean his prey, he would let him.
Cas hated camping. Sure, Dean forced him to go because he felt that it was good for Cas to get out into nature. Normally, he was cooped up reading a text book or putting in volunteer hours wherever he could. It was commendable but Cas needed to get out every now and again, like back woods out.
Well, what else am I supposed to do with my time?
[greeneyedhunter] Here we go.
[angelofthursday] I suppose you are right.
[greeneyedhunter] Sounds … lonely.
“Name your price,” Castiel called after her.
Okay.
That was the last of the conversation. The silence was welcomed and before long, Michael left his place at the table, leaving Castiel to continue eating on his own. This gave Castiel time to fill his napkin full of food. He was unaware of what Fairies ate, so he grabbed a bit of everything.
Dean pulled them away from the Impala and pressed Castiel’s back up against his work station. It was cleared off at the moment because all of his tools were moved over to the Impala. It seemed like a much better place to be doing this kind of thing. He knew his bed would be the best place but the garage was the safest place to not get caught or walked in on.
“What is that?” Dean couldn’t help but wonder.
“I was pretty smooth back then,” Dean smiled at the memory. God, he was such a stupid little shit. But it must have worked, because he got the angel out of it.
"Of course I am," Dean felt himself growing angry. "Where is he?"
Castiel tries one last time to reach for Dean but Dean steps away.
“You always learn so well,” Castiel leaned over and whispered into Dean’s ear before kissing at the skin behind it. “My best student.”
“With all that you have been through,” Castiel began, stepping closer and grabbing Dean’s hand into his own. “With all that you have seen. How is this so out of the realm of possibility?”
“Well don’t,” Dean directed. “I don’t like it.”
[angelofthursday] Well, you said you love to read. What if you hate my books?
“Do we …” Castiel pulls out so slow Dean feels like he isn’t even moving, “ever hit someone?”
Sorry, my bad.
Castiel took out his napkin and laid it in front of the fairy. There was bread, turkey, beans, some melon and a little bit of the cake that he hated not finishing. He did not mind sharing but his sweet tooth was angry with him when he did not finish it all.
I kind of do.
Dean finished off his beer and stood up from the couch. He was angry at Sam for pulling a stunt like this. Sam had obviously learned that Dean and Castiel had been hanging out and used that to his advantage.
Castiel arrived not long after Dean had, pulling up and parking his car right beside Dean. The parking lot had lots of empty spaces but they all tended to park around back. That was just one of the perks of being a close family friend with the owner. You kind of got assigned parking for all your drinking needs.
I just learned at some point that I was never going to be straight.
That does sound rather frustrating.
“I love you,” Dean told him. “I need you to know that I love you more than anything.”
“You didn’t” Dean blurted out, not really sure where it came from. He needed a way to break apart this alone time with Ruby. Part of him was also glad that it was Castiel who had broken the conversation between them up. Dean, aware of the fact that he was sending signals to Ruby turned his attention to Castiel. “I can understand needing to get some air around here. Not really your thing is it?”
Dean felt his jaw drop. She lived in Kansas. She lived in HIS Kansas. How was it that the girl he was in love with, the one he randomly met online, lives in the same state and he didn’t know about it? He had told her long ago that he lived here. Why did she keep that from him?
“Help you with what Dean?” Castiel asked, tilting his head to the side in that sort of cute way he does.
Yep. I make a mean Chinese take-out.
[greeneyedhunter] Really? That is so cool. What kind?
Castiel was always standing so close to him. He hated it. In the beginning, it was a matter of personal space. No one needed to stand that close to another person. Not unless you were dating or hooking up. But that was in the beginning. Now it was different. Every time Cas stood close to Dean, his entire body felt like it was on fire with desire. He didn’t know when it started but somewhere down the line, he went from wanting his best friend to step away to wanting his best friend to pin him to the table and fuck him until he was unable to sit down the next day. Everything about Cas was sex. His blue eyes that seemed to look directly into Dean’s soul and his hair that stuck up in every which way, screaming that he’d already been fucked himself. Everything about Cas made Dean want him more. But it wasn’t like that with them. It would never be like that with them.
“Is this going to be painful?” All the things he was thinking and that was the question he finally asked.
“Try me.” Meg stepped over to Balthazar and placed her hands on her hips. For someone so small, she was rather intimidating. “My van, my rules. So I get to decide which assholes do or do not ride in her. Do you understand?”
Dean laughed at this. Maybe sometimes violence was the answer. Maybe sometimes a fist to the face or being pushed off a play structure was exactly what some closed-minded individuals needed in order to learn that their hatred would not be tolerated.
“Punch me in the shoulder,” Dean yells again, holding his shoulder toward Castiel.
Castiel composes himself and makes his way into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He turns on the water, leaning forward and grabbing handfuls of it to splash into his face. The last thirty minutes felt like a blur and his world was spinning. But at the same time, there was a relief that settled upon him. Meg being gone was good. He didn’t love her, and she deserved better.
So, any plans for the weekend?
Castiel wants to talk, he knows he should talk. Ninety percent of their show is them talking about whatever it is that they are doing, but all he can do is move around in his seat. He is instantly uncomfortable. All he wants to do is cut his tongue out, go home, drown in a bathtub full of ice and disappear from the world.
[angelofthursday] Doesn’t mean I have to take it with you.
Dean shakes his head but quickly picks up the next card, putting on a straight face before beginning to read his part.
No more than twenty minutes later, all three of them were standing in the lobby of the motel, discussing what they planned on doing for the evening. Sam and Dean usually went separate ways, not meeting up until later in the evening or even the next morning if they were to pick up some chicks along the way. But how the hell was he supposed to pick up a chick now? Cas was going to be attached to his hip the whole evening.
“Well,” Dean moved forward, hovering his mouth over Cas’. “I want to try a little harder.”
Before Dean had the chance to initiate a conversation, one popped up on his screen. He could not help but smile.
“No,” Castiel answers. “What does … uh … what does my backward tie do to you?”
"That's it baby," Dean kissed Cas and stroked harder, pulling his own release.
Well, we pick a place, we show up.
[555-4033 | You] Need someone to protect you from fictitious bears?
“Cas?” Dean finally broke the silence between them.
They talked for hours. Laughing about things they had done in their lives and how stupid they were looking back at those memories. They even talked about the harder stuff in life. Things that most would not share with someone they had barely met a few days ago.
“No wonder you aren’t married,” Dean muttered to himself as he pulled on his shirt so he didn’t have to look at himself any longer.
“That was,” Dean began, trying to find the words to describe what had just happened, “unexpectedly perfect.”
“Just like that.”
“Dean,” Castiel moaned out, trying to pull away but Dean grabbed his back and pulled him closer, stroking his penis faster and gripping it just a little tighter. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean was getting a new roommate. He hated getting new roommates. In the six years he had been here, he has had fifteen roommates. Of those, he only liked two of them: Kevin and Benny. Kevin, because he was smart and liked to talk about things. Dean tried to ignore him but he always found him more fascinating than anything else. Then after a few more had come and gone, he got Benny. Benny didn't take shit from no one and told people off who tried to talk to Dean. When Benny was here, outside of Nurses and doctors, no one spoke to him. He really missed Benny.
“Works for me,” Dean nodded. “See ya later Sammy.”
Finally breaking eye contact, Castiel kneeled down in front of Dean. He placed his hands on Dean’s calves, pushing his fingers into the muscle. Dean let out the breath he had been holding in at how good it felt.
Dean moved onto his arms and legs. He was sure his arms would not be able to hold him for long once Castiel got started, but he wanted to start off in this position. Plus, he knew that his husband loved it when it became so good Dean dropped to the bed.
“If you do that I won’t be able to invite you to my party,” Sam held up his hands pretending to protect himself from his brother.
“Fuck,” Dean could not help the anger that escaped him. If he was not mad before, he was mad now. She lived in, not only his state, but his town as well. She knew that she was this close to him and she kept it from him. Did he really seem that scary?
“Hey boys,” a soft voice appeared beside them at the table, pulling Dean’s attention away from the empty shot glass he was looking into. “Care if we join you?”
He was supposed to be at the coffee shop at noon, and it was almost twelve-thirty. If only his mother hadn’t stopped him on the way out of the door to quiz him on where he was going to be and why he was always spending so much time with Dean. His parents never liked Dean. Dean was wild, didn’t believe in God, and drove a death trap of a car. But that was all the more reason to love him. Shit, maybe this was a bad idea. He wasn’t ready to lose Dean. But Dean deserved the truth and he was going to get it.
“Nice truck,” Bella doted on his truck when they arrived to it and Dean opened up the passenger door for her to slide in.
You love Cas.
Dean went back to work, letting his crazy, hectic day distract him from everything that was happening in the world. Instead of facing Castiel, he was going to face the breaks on the 1990 Toyota pickup in front of him. Instead of telling Sam how sorry he was for how he treated his friend, he was going to order the parts that he was low on in the shop. Work was not the place for him to solve life problems, it was the place to solve mechanical ones.
“I brought beer,” Dean announced, making his way into the kitchen.
“Good,” Dean laughed, setting his half empty beer down on the table. “Better for me to hustle you out of all your money.”
[greeneyedhunter] Sequel huh?
“I fear we have gotten off on the wrong foot.” The man quickly changed his tone. “Hi. My name is Castiel Novak. I was driving through this … uh … lovely town of yours and my car seems to have broken. Is there any way you or someone might be able to have a look at it?”
Dean moved up the bed and laid down. They were both on their sides. It took a minute to figure out how to best be on the bed, but they finally got there, and it was time. It was time.
[greeneyedhunter] I kind of … know who you are now.
“Never,” Dean answered, nearly out of breath.
“Not really my thing,” Dean admitted, taking a drink of his beer. He did not really know what his thing was anymore, but he was fairly certain that this was not it. “I am not really a party going type but Sam made me come.”
“I am not dead Dean,” Castiel tried to get Dean’s attention but he continued to look away.
Finally, the ten-minute bell dings and you can see the look of hope cross their faces.
“I do not need the cage.”
"Dad?" A small voice repeated over and over. Dean held onto the sound, trying to find his way out of the darkness. Where was he?
“Thank you,” Dean smiled and tapped the hood of his truck. He loved his truck. He didn’t love it as much as he loved the car in his garage, that was his real baby but she was not ready yet to be brought back into this world. In the meantime, his truck did the job and did it beautifully.
And that makes it okay?
Cas did not scream Dean's name; though, the sounds he did make were amazing. They would get there. Dean was well aware of the fact that he was new to all of this. He knew how to be in a relationship with someone, in general, but pleasing a man, even one who loved him, was going to take some time. But, they would get there.
“What party?” Dean raised an eyebrow up at his brother. Dean was not sure why Sam would want to invite him to a party, Dean was not really the partying type and he had a kid. Partying and having a kid were not good at the same time.
Dean needed to figure this out and he needed to do it as soon as possible. If he didn’t, he was going to lose the first person in three years that he had actually wanted to be around. Besides Ben, Benny and his family, Dean avoided spending too much time with people. He needed that to change and Castiel was the way to accomplish that. He needed Castiel, now more than ever.
Castiel shook all thoughts of home from his head while he made the nearly two-mile trek into the village near his palace. He had dressed down and was ready to blend in. Not like anyone would notice him. Since Michael had been in charge, he had worked to keep Castiel hidden away. He told Castiel that it was for his safety but Castiel knew better. Michael truly hoped that if the world were to forget about Castiel's existence, he would be able to take over the throne once and for all. Luckily, there were a large number of people keeping tabs on the situation, or else, Castiel would be frightened by his future or possible lack thereof.
Please don’t. I am so sorry Dean. I know I should have told you.
“You have no idea,” Cas rolled his eyes dramatically.
Dean ran his fingers along her back, moving away from her lips and kissing along her jaw line and down to her neck. She leaned her head back to give him better access and he nibbled down to her collar bone. She pushed into his hips with her own and Dean could feel himself getting excited. It was a feeling that he had missed.
“I have to admit this was slightly hard,” Castiel told Dean as he handed him his gift. “But then I saw this and I knew I had found the right things.”
Then there is this high-pitched scream. He covers his ears, trying to stop the splitting migraine that takes over his head. He wants to run away but when he starts to run there is this bright light in his path. At first, it is not so bad but the closer it gets to him the brighter it gets until he cannot breathe. His eyes and his skin begin to burn and it feels like he is boiling alive and then … nothing.
“I just wanted you to love me.”
“I don’t mind,” Castiel took a drink of his beer, finishing off his third one. Dean waved his hand over at Ellen, letting her know they were ready for another round. “You have time right?”
“Nah, brotha,” Benny looked the guy over once more. “BMW.”
“Ben,” Dean yelled as he stepped into the bathroom and walked over to the shower. He called out for Ben one more time before turning on the shower and beginning to strip out of his t-shirt and boxers.
“No,” Dean nearly cried out. “Please touch me.”
“Just like you,” Castiel said with a small smile. “Except the unexpectedly part. I always knew you were perfect.”
[angelofthursday] Oh my god.
Dean spent six more weeks in the hospital. His body was healed but it was the weakness from being in the hospital bed for so long that had made him hurt. He had to go through hours of physical therapy in order to get his strength back. And even with that, he was nowhere near where he used to be. He was still thin and would need to continue with physical therapy in order to completely build up his muscles. He even had to relearn how to eat after being on a liquid IV diet.
“No,” Castiel says sternly as he stands up from his chair and begins to pace the room, making sure to remain in front of the camera. “We can do this. Stand up.”
[angelofthursday] No. I wouldn’t. That would require getting in contact with her and that would not go well for me.
“Thanks,” Dean laughed. “I’ll try to keep that in mind.”
"I assume he is somewhere living with his mother." Cas answered. "I haven't been able to check in on them since … my … uh … fall. But I assume they are doing well wherever they are."
Once Cas found Dean's wrist with his hand, he gripped him tightly. Dean tried to pull away, a sick feeling forming in his stomach. Then it was quiet and the world started to spin. Flash after flash made its way through Dean's mind. He was carrying Sam out of their childhood home, a fire blazing in the background. Endless days and nights riding in the impala with their father. Monsters, Demons, Angel's and Cas. And then they were fighting and Sam was gone.
[angelofthursday] She had convinced herself that we were in love and getting married.
“I’m going to touch you now,” Dean said with a smile and another kiss to Castiel’s lips.
“Shame,” Castiel mused. “Could have been interesting.”
Dean could hear a faint beeping sound but couldn't seem to open his eyes. It felt like trying to lift bricks off of his face. On top of that, every inch of his body hurt. Maybe he truly was in hell. It was all just some sick dream to make him feel like he was living a normal life, only to yank it away from him when he was truly finding happiness.
[greeneyedhunter] Good.
It was not that Dean didn't want to talk to Castiel or that he no longer wanted to be friends with him, he was just trying to figure out what to say. How could he possibly salvage this friendship? Every time he thought it over, he came up with nothing. He would text him back later. Though he had told himself that yesterday as well and it never happened.
That is why Castiel hated it when it rained. Something about the rain caused John to drink just a little more and those were the nights the beatings were the worst. So, he watched for Dean. And, as much as he wished Dean would not have to show up, it was always a breath of fresh air when he did. It meant that Dean was alive. All Castiel cared about at the end of the day was whether Dean was alive.
“You have a hat with your freaking name on it,” Dean says again in a calmer and quieter voice. “You can do anything you want … reciprocate man!”
“I am sure he already knows,” Dean reached out and tapped her hand. She smiled at him before heading across the bar to help another customer. Now all he had to do was wait.
[angelofthursday] And you don’t mind talking to someone my age?
“You put a fucking death curse on me,” he yelled again.
"I could not locate you this afternoon Castiel," Michael announced in a displeased manner as he took his seat at the table.
“I really want to make you scream my name,” Dean informed Cas as they took a moment to breathe.
Dean fought back tears. He knew that he should respond and tell Cas the truth. He may have let it happen in his dream but he had been in love with Cas for as long as he could remember. Aside from Sam, he was the only thing in life that mattered and no, he was it completely. It just took the dream to show him the truth. But he couldn't tell him now or else Cas would know that he was faking. But he would tell him. He was not going to run this time.
“Dean,” Castiel let out what sounded like a whimper, when had he ever whimpered.
[angelofthursday] Yes, it is.
“No more than one or two a day,” Cas suggests, though he knows that if the pies last more than a week he’d be lucky.
The fairy looked through the food and went straight for the melon, paying little attention to the other foods that were presented. Castiel made a mental note to bring him fruits from now on. Maybe he would get to eat the last bit of cake after all.
Castiel laid his hand in the middle of Dean’s back and stretched his fingers into the skin. The rest of his body formed goosebumps to match the ones that had been on his arm only moments ago. That was Castiel’s cue to move his hand. He rubbed softly along Dean’s back, feeling his muscles and all the dip and curves of his back before sliding his hand down and exploring the shape and feel of his hips. Only light brushes of his fingers and Dean was already a mess, moaning for more. He needed more. And Castiel gave it to him.
[angelofthursday] No. But it could be.
“I would like to think that we are dating,” Castiel confirmed with a nod. “I would love to be able to call you my boyfriend but if you need time, I will give you all the time you need.”
Instead, Dean imagined Cas pulling Dean into him and smashing their lips together. Dean imagined that the chapped lips the angel was always sporting would feel like itching a scratch his lips didn’t know they had until they were being taken care of. He imagined Cas lying him out on the map room table, flipping him over and using his grace to open him up. If that was something angels could do. It probably didn’t work that way. Angel’s probably didn’t even get turned on. But either way, Cas would open him up quickly, not wanting to wait to get at Dean. And then he would fuck him, hard and fast until they were both coming apart at the seams and …
“Do you think Sam is there?” Dean began to speak again, looking Castiel directly in the eye. Castiel could see the tears that Dean was fighting back and he suddenly had to fight tears as well.
“About my cob?” Dean asks, tossing the card onto the table, a little harder than he needs to.
The kiss was soft but Castiel could feel everything in it. He could feel that Dean loved him and that he wasn’t angry. He could feel that this was all going to work out the way it was supposed to.
“Hey,” Dean waved at everyone.
“Cas,” Dean said quietly as he looked away.
“I tagged you,” Castiel finally says.
[angelofthursday] Give me a second to find one.
the episode for this one can be found here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-XqWfo55yI&t=566s
[greeneyedhunter] Okay, but don’t let me be the only one asking questions.
Both of them got out of Cas' bed and made their way into the bathroom to get themselves cleaned up and ready for bed. They were quiet, working side by side to wash their bodies and brush their teeth. Then they made their way into Dean's room. Dean handed Cas a pair of sleep pants and pulled on a pair for himself.
"Dean?" He questioned Dean being at his door with concern written all over his face. "What happened?"
Dean texted Castiel his address and told him to arrive around seven. That would give Dean enough time to get home, take a shower and get things ready for the evening. Hopefully, by the end of the night, they would reach a resolution. If they hadn’t, at least Dean would be able to say that he tried.
“Can you now?”
“Nothing,” Dean lied out his answer quickly.
“Yes,” Claire agreed.
“Well,” Balthazar looked around the group of people who were watching them intently. “Maybe if he told me he was seeing someone, I wouldn't have.”
“Dean,” Castiel stood up to see Dean out. “I really am sorry that I did not make it. I really wanted to be there.”
“Yeah, well,” Castiel laughed and took a drink of his beer, or at least Dean assumed it was beer. Dean could see that he was uncomfortable and that was Dean’s fault. He should have kept his mouth shut but then again, he never really was good at that. “I lost a bet.”
Dean fidgeted with his fingers in his lap. It was like he wanted to talk to her but he could never find the words. They raced in his mind, along with flashes of what had happened. He wanted to scream. He wanted to tell her what had happened but he couldn't. It was his burden to bare. No one else needed to be dragged into the mess he had created. Enough people had suffered. Dr. Mills did not need to suffer along with them.
Dean nodded, pulling blankets back so that he could remove his sweats and boxers, leaving him naked on their bed, while Castiel was still wearing his evening clothes.
“What?” Castiel asked, cocking his head to the side.
“I see strong cheekbones,” he continued. “A mouth that houses a smile that lights up the entire room when the man possessing it decides to grace us with its presence.”
“Thank you darling.” Ellen gave Dean another beer. He had not noticed that he had already finished the first one. That was his problem with alcohol and socialization, he lost track. Hopefully he could keep his alcohol under control tonight. He didn’t want to scare Castiel off just yet. “Make sure to tell him that sometime.”
Once they got their ice cream and paid, they went out to the side patio to enjoy both their ice cream and amazing spring weather. It was still cool enough to not worry about their ice cream melting but not so cool that ice cream would seem like a bad idea to be eaten outside. Not that there was ever really a bad time to eat ice cream.
[angelofthursday] Relationships.
“Let me take a look,” Cas quickly responded, reaching out and placing his hands against Dean’s side.
But he didn’t leave. Castiel stood up, pulled his pants back around his hips but did not bother to button or zip them up. All of his attention was on Dean and Dean could feel his heart about to race out of his chest.
[angelofthursday] I will give her your number.
It is a very good wow.
[greeneyedhunter] Why?
“Wouldn’t be enough,” Dean whispers.
Before he realized what he was doing, Dean was running up the stairs behind Cas. He stopped when he got in front of the door that Cas was standing behind.
[angelofthursday] Yes you are. Your tone has changed.
[angelofthursday] Cas. And yours?
“Are you okay?” Cas asked with a worried tone in his voice.
Yeah?
“Will you just stand there please?”
“I can walk,” Castiel turned down Dean’s offer. “I live less than a mile away, so no need to put yourself out.”
[angelofthursday] Your username then.
“Hell yeah!”
Dean moved slowly onto the bed, working his way up between Cas' trembling legs. He trailed his fingers along the skin, feeling the bumps rise up against his touch. He rubbed against Cas' thighs, then trailed up to his hips and to his stomach. Cas was breathing heavy, almost panting as Dean did everything he could to avoid Cas' now very hard cock.
[angelofthursday] May I then also ask how old you are?
“We should probably leave,” Dean told Castiel.
At least I have two weeks to recover before starting again.
Long.
_ _ _ _ _
Dean took a deep breath put his hands under Castiel, forcing him to lift up his hips so that he could pull his pants down. Dean pulled them down to his ankles and moved his hands back up the sides of Castiel’s legs. He felt his skin get goose bumps and that excited Dean again.
“I am so sorry about this, Dean,” Castiel apologized as he entered his room.
The three of them made their way into the ice cream parlor and spent the better part of thirty minutes debating over what they were going to get. Claire finally decided on the bubble gum, while Castiel went for his usual butter pecan, and feeling a little into it, Dean got the caramel apple pie. It had real apple pie chunks in it and Dean knew it was going to make his stomach hurt but hell, it’s not like they indulged like this often.
[angelofthursday] Well, no.
“How long were you married?” Dean inquired, though he was not sure if he should have left the subject along or not. He had a feeling that it was still a hard subject for the man.
[angelofthursday] You are something else, Dean.
[greeneyedhunter] Dean.
Castiel stood up and hovered over his friend, shaking him to get his attention back but there was no response. The only thing Cas got was a loud beeping in his ear that hurt all the way into the pit of his stomach. Soon he was surrounded by nurses and doctors. They pushed him out of the way until he was no longer in the room.
“Yes,” Dean agreed. “It should be great. But it kind of makes my job obsolete.”
Dean was torn. Half of his body was completely lost in the moment, wanting more. The other half of his body though, was screaming bloody murder. He was more confused than he had ever been in his entire life. This was right. Cas was right. They were right. But this was wrong to him. Not in the way that something is wrong and you shouldn’t do it, but wrong in the way that it wasn’t what he was used to. He could get used to this but for now, his erection was pushed up another clothed erection and Dean was … scared. What the hell was he supposed to do with someone else’s penis?
[greeneyedhunter] I have a brother and sister. She isn’t really my sister. She is my cousin but her parents died when she was really little and my parents adopted her.
“You don’t really have to tell me if you don’t want to,” Dean let Castiel off the hook. “We could just play some more pool if you would rather.”
Or you can come get it if you like.
"Four months," Cas answered, finally allowing himself to make eye contact.
I can bring you the stuff you need when I get off work on Thursday.
[greeneyedhunter] True. I am not gay.
“No. Let me finish.” Dean walked forward again, pushing Cas until his back was against a wall in the bathroom. “I don’t know what I am. I don’t know what will happen when I encounter a penis that is not mine. But I am going to try all of this, because I love you and I am sorry it took me so long to realize that, not only do I love you, but I have always loved you.”
Is that what Cas was? His happiness?
[angelofthursday] My real dream is to own a flower shop.
Hurry.
“I’ll try,” Cas nodded.
With that, both boys bite into the peppers they are holding. Castiel knows instantly that this is the worst idea he’s ever had, and they have done some stupid shit, both in life and on their show. This is like the, burn your tongue off, the icing on the cake that no one asks for yet somehow it ends up in his mouth.
“So,” Dean stopped, turning to make eye contact with Cas, who was fidgeting on the couch. “Answer me this. Did you do this because you are in love with me?”
Then Dean was here. He deserved to be here. If they were smart, they would never let him out. But they kept trying. They told him that if he could talk about that night, he could get better. He could one day go home. But he didn't even remember that night, not exactly and home. Home. Did he even have one of those anymore?
“Good riddance,” the lady snarled at them before entering her cart and slamming the door behind her.
"We both know that is not the reason," Dean argued. "Why are you lying to me?"
"If Michael finds out about you," Castiel began frantically, placing the fairy on the edge of his bed before pacing back and forth the width of the room, "he will kill you."
“Okay, okay.”
“Please,” Castiel begged behind him, stopping Dean in his tracks. “Just … I don’t know.”
[Cas] Thanks, Dean. I’ll talk to you later.
“You are not going to die,” Castiel argued. “What do I have to do? I assume I have to be naked for this?”
Dean bypassed the information about Lisa’s death. Castiel understood that she had gotten sick and by the time they found out, it was too late to really do anything about it. Beyond that, Dean kept his memories of her last days locked up inside of him. He was not ready to open that flood gate with someone else. He knew that it would break him down and he didn’t think crying in front of a grown man was the way to go about making a new friend.
“I changed my mind.”
[angelofthursday] Yes, my most recent venture has been a series.
[angelofthursday] She passed away a few years ago.
He was still not sure that he wanted to be doing this but he needed to help his family realize that he really was okay. Maybe if he could convince his family, he would be able to start convincing himself. He liked to say that he was okay but there really was no hard evidence that he was. Being alive and being there for Ben was all that he really had to show, well that and his shop. He was proud of his shop.
It was dim, wherever he was and he could still hear the faint sound of beeping but as he began to focus, the sound got louder in his ear. A moment of struggling to turn his head revealed machines around him. He was in the hospital.
His mind continued to race. Thoughts of the shop and Castiel. How Castiel had been there through everything with him and he was going to be there long enough for Dean to get his shit together. He knew he was. Castiel knew he loved him. Cas was everything.
Okay, so he was a little mad. But he understood … didn’t he?
Dean pulled Cas away from the wall, slowly working at the clothes that he still had on. Once he had him undressed, he quickly removed all of his clothing as well, cursing himself for his obsession with layers. Cas watched on in quiet amusement at Dean's growing annoyance until he was finally free of all his clothes as well.
“Okay,” Dean nodded his head but Castiel knew what he was thinking. He did not have to be an angel to get inside of Dean’s head, he knew Dean better than he knew himself. Dean knew he was going to die.
“And again,” Principal Shurley spoke, “I understand why she did what she did. But keep in mind, this little boy is also nine years old. He learns from his parents, which I make no excuse for them. But that chance that he understood what he was actually talking about are slim.”
[greeneyedhunter] Oh yes.
They hit up a bar on the strip and Dean went all out. He ordered six shots and found them a table in the corner to get their evening started. Somewhere along the line, the three shots for Cas and the three shots for himself turned into an amount of shots that Dean couldn’t even recount. They hadn’t even made it to the gambling part and Dean was way beyond where he wanted himself to be.
“I am doing this,” Dean shot back. “Unless you don’t want me to. Do you want me to suck your cock or not?”
“Night dad,” Ben replied.
“Yeah, Cas, Yeah,” Dean yells, getting himself pumped up.
“Okay,” Dean nodded, pulling a beer up to his lips and finishing it off. “So, what about you and Meg. You getting back together?”
“No,” Dean grabbed for the door handle but did not turn to face Castiel. If he looked at him, he knew he would not be able to leave and he needed to leave. “We aren’t done. I just … I need to go for now. Okay?”
“Firstly, eww,” Dean shook in disgust. “Why would you keep watching?”
“Wow amazing,” Dean smiled at Cas. “Lay down?”
“I would like you to now roll over.” Castiel instructed again. It was not a suggestion or a request that Dean could refuse. Not that he would ever want to refuse.
Dean took a deep breath and raised his hand in the air, balling it into a fist. It was almost midnight, so he hesitated slightly. Nothing about this was really a good idea, but he was not really on track for doing anything that was a good idea today anyway. So he pounded his hand lightly against the door, making sure it was hard enough to get to Castiel if he was upstairs but not loud enough to wake the neighbors.
Dean shook his head at the phone. He did not want to be a horrible brother but he definitely did not want to go to this party. The last party was a complete bust, even though he made a new friend out of it. The new friend was nice, the party was not. Plus, they made him feel old. He was working his way into his thirties and most of the college kids that were at the party were barely able to drink legally.
"Goodnight, Dean." Cas stuck his head into the room Dean was in. They had agreed to sell things in the bunker that could make them money but would not be harmful if it fell into the wrong hands. Dean was serious about starting a new life; a normal one.
Hello
But now that he was standing in front of the mirror, he could see it. He was no longer as fit and good looking as he used to be. His face, which he had always kept clean-shaven was now always sporting some kind of five o’clock shadow and his eyes were a little tired than normal. Then there was his body. What used to be muscular was now hidden behind a layer of flab. His brother had always told him that all of those burgers and the ungodly amount of beer he drinks was going to catch up with him, but he never took him all that seriously. Now, he was really wishing that maybe he had hit the gym more or ordered a salad or two here and there.
"Dean," Cas tilted his head to the side in a way that made Dean's heart clench with want. "You were in a coma. I do not believe that is the same as passing out."
[angelofthursday] Maybe. I don’t know.
“I love you too, Dean,” Castiel sighs out, relieved that he doesn’t have to hold the words in any longer.
“That would be the one,” Dean laughed. “Want to meet me in an hour?”
“Good.”
“For what?”
“Yeah?”
This was what heaven felt like. Castiel knew it. Even though it was not a pace he would normally get excited with, it was explosive and set his body on fire.
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed. “I love it when you beg. You are such a good boy. Are you my good boy, Dean?”
“Warning,” Dean speaks into the camera. “This episode of Good Angelical Morning is probably not safe for work, or for kids. Why? Because today’s episode prominently features fanfiction.”
[greeneyedhunter] I am flattered.
Dean finished up his day and closed up the shop, making sure he had finished all that he needed for the night so that he could leave work at home. But even then something would come up and he would be in his office. He knew he needed to spend time with Castiel and he tried, he really did. Hopefully, once things got settled down and he was more comfortable in his ownership of the shop, he would be able to get back to how life was before.
[Cas] It’s the one I want to choose.
He had been eating healthier these days all thanks to his husband. Castiel did not want Dean working so hard he felt the living off of fast food was an option, so he had been packing his lunches. Dean was stupid. Castiel had been packing his lunches. He made sure dinner was done when he got home. He bought his favorite beer and kept the fridge stocked. He was taking care of him. He was showing Dean that he loved him. He wasn’t losing Castiel’s love.
[greeneyedhunter] No. I get it. You aren’t interested.
“I am well aware,” Cas nodded. “But this way, you can mimic my actions. Plus, I am not against having you in my mouth again. It’s all I have been able to think about since the last time it was there.”
“I wanted to be there,” Castiel admitted. “Then Meg showed up at my door and I just, I hadn’t seen her in so long.”
They stayed like that for a few moments, panting together and trying to regain control over their hearts. Once Dean was calm, he released his hand from their cocks and fell to the bed beside Cas.
[Cas] They will be hurt either way.
“Stand in front of the mirror,” Castiel continued with his demands.
[angelofthursday] Excuse me?
“You can swallow the volcano,” Castiel laughs through his answer.
“Hey,” Dean stood up from the couch, forgetting that he was only in his boxers, his erection very clear for Cas to see. “Oh, shit.”
[greeneyedhunter] Not that I plan on saying anything inappropriate, I don’t want to get in trouble or piss off some parents if I am talking to some kid.
I don’t get your point.
Dean could feel the blow in Cas’ words, whether one was intended or not. It was deserved though. Dean knew that what he said was kind of dickish. Castiel was allowed to have friends that were not Dean. He was allowed to go camping with people who were not Dean. He did not belong to Dean.
How will I?
[greeneyedhunter] Well, if this guy that I know would just tell me his pen name, this could be avoided.
Castiel did not know the depth of power that fairies held. Could this tiny broken creature kill him in his sleep? Castiel had purchased him at a market, almost treating him like an exchange of property, even though that was never his intention. In fact, he still wasn't sure why he had done it in the first place. Curiosity, maybe? Or was it something more. Whatever it was that drew him to the fairy felt a lot stronger than simple curiosity.
Dean finally looked up to see two girls standing beside them. He looked quickly to Cas, gauging his reaction to the situation, but he continued to smile. Was the smile because he was truly enjoying himself or because he wanted Dean to think that he was enjoying himself; Dean truly couldn’t tell.
Dean poked his head around the hood of the car he was working on. Mrs. James 1999 Toyota. It was a piece of shit and she was in desperate need of a new one. But if Dean could keep it running, Mr. James saw no reason in wasting all that money on a new car. Occasionally he thought about slightly damaging something in the car and telling Mr. James that it was beyond his repair this time. Mrs. James would be grateful, in fact, if she knew he had been thinking about it, she would try to convince him of it more. But if there was one thing and one thing alone that Dean prided himself on, it was that he was an honest man. Too honest sometimes.
[Cas] Just have a lot of stuff going on and now I have to make a decision.
More time passed by before he felt Castiel touch him again. This time it was to remove the headphones and the blindfold. When he opened his eyes, the lights were off but everything was so clear. His husband sitting in front of him, rubbing his sides to bring him back to reality. Everything about it was beautiful and perfect and without even thinking about it, he cried.
Thanks. Now I am even more confused.
I guess you will figure it out or you won’t.
Yes. But you love us.
“With you straddling my legs,” Dean continues, his voice a little higher than before a little breathy moan that Castiel can’t ignore. “I would grip your tie and hold you into place so you couldn’t pull away as I thrust my hips up, my jean covered cock sliding up and rubbing against yours bulging out against your slacks.”
Dean jumped in his chair, nearly knocking his beer onto his laptop but luckily, he still had pretty decent reflexes. Or else, Cas was going to be figuring out how to get him a new computer. All of his porn would be lost but he would be able to replace it. Not that he really watched it much these days. He’d turned it on and stroked at himself but always seemed to come up short. Nothing was doing it for him. Maybe it was his lack of demon hunting. His adrenaline had been at an all time low and that was what got his motor running the quickest. Nothing like a good hunt and an even better kill to get you all hot and bothered.
“Oh god,” Dean whimpered. Was this actually happening?
“You have been warned,” Castiel says with a smile into the camera.
“Something that is the other’s favorite color,” Dean informed him.
Or werewolves. Dean would be content with anything. He just needed something to fight or kill. What was wrong with him?
[angelofthursday] I know.
[greeneyedhunter] But I am not worth taking a risk for.
“About teaching me the internet?” Dean asked.
“I don’t think anything Gabriel can do would surprise me at this point.”
"How long?" Dean asked, trying to keep his questions as short as possibly to minimalize the pain of talking.
The crew and Castiel both laugh as Castiel looks over to Dean who is obviously not enjoying Castiel’s assessment of the peppers. Never in his life has he been so angry at the fact, that even though he was only about an inch taller, he constantly went out of his way to let everyone know that he was in fact bigger than Castiel. It was all coming back to bite him in the ass now.
I am not sure, but right now, I am looking to get to know you better. How does that sound.
“We … never … hit.”
“You really going camping?” Dean raised his eyebrow at Castiel and took a pull from his beer.
"Dean?" A female's voice echoed through the house, pulling him back to one reality instead of the many racing through his mind. "Dean, what is going on? Ben was frantic on the phone."
[greeneyedhunter] Oh, you don’t even know the half of it.
It took a minute for Castiel to get to the door. He seemed shocked at Dean showing up but stood back so that he could come in.
“You understand what?” Dean questioned, grabbing Castiel’s arm and forcing him to turn so that he had to look Dean in the eyes. “What is it you think you understand?”
The guy has been in love with you for what? … 20 years now?
Castiel held open the door and Dean stepped in, only to pause and look between the two people who were now looking him over. Meg was never usually there when Dean showed up in the middle of the night.
“Good,” Dean says around a bite of ice cream. “Congrats, buddy. You are on the tag team. I don’t care.”
Scared of what? It has been a year and you are still scared. Am I really that fucking scary?
Raincheck?
“Yup,” Ben responded around a bite too big for his mouth.
“You put my name in your phone?” Dean asked.
“He is stubborn,” Castiel stated very matter-of-fact. He knew that Dean was dying and as much as he did not want it to be true, it was going to happen, no matter how hard he fought at this point. Castiel wished he still believed that things worked out but he had lost faith the day he lost his wings.
The market was probably not the average person's idea of fun and adventure, but Castiel loved it. He loved bargaining with people and seeing the wonderful things people would make with their bare hands. Castiel had once tried to learn how to make pottery with one of his staff but Michael quickly put an end to that. They were not common and it was beneath them to even pretend for a moment that they were.
[555-0920 | Castiel] Good.
“And we are rolling,” Charlie calls from behind the camera.
What about you? How was your day?
“Just call me Cas,” Castiel turned around to look at Dean, a smile still on his face.
“I promise,” Dean couldn’t help but respond. “I promise I will never say another negative thing, on purpose, about myself.”
[greeneyedhunter] And if I was in California, would it be different?
“I didn’t know that at the time.” Castiel informed him.
Dean looked around at all of them. Not a single one of them looked like they would be friends. Balthazar was tall and blond and cocky looking. Meg was on the darker side; like she belonged in a biker bar. Ruby was petite and attractive. And then there was Kevin. Kevin looked like he wanted to run away.
As they walked away, Dean mentally kicked himself. He could have gotten laid tonight, possibly by two women considering the chances of Cas sleeping with one of them was incredibly low. He’d tried getting the angel laid before and that didn’t work out for anyone. It definitely did not work out for the poor girl that Cas left in tears. But still, Cas would say no, right?
[greeneyedhunter] Can I know your name?
“I am going to die,” Dean said aloud, not really meaning to.
“Haha,” Castiel fake laughed into the phone. “Can I come over or not?”
I can’t even stop by now?
“Hey Dean,” Jess smiled at Dean and walked over to give him a hug. Dean liked Jessica and thought that she was an amazing fit for Sam. She made him happy and he made her happy, what more could someone ask for in a relationship. Though they had only been together for a year, Dean saw much longer in their future, if not forever.
[Cas] I am just having a bad night.
“I don’t even know what it’s called anymore,” Dean admits.
“Well, he is.” Dean stepped closer to Balthazar. “So you are going to back off.”
“So,” Castiel says with a giant smile on his face, “because you ate first, that means I win.” Castiel laughs, considering he rarely ever wins. “I win, right?”
[greeneyedhunter] Admit it.
“We lay on our sides. I blow you, while you blow me.”
Dean was actually glad that Adam and Jo were dating now. Jo had always had the biggest crush on him when she was younger. He did not mind the little girl with the crush but at times it would get awkward. She would want to hang out with him all the time, even when he was clearly trying to spend time with Lisa, who was only his girlfriend then. Now she barely even noticed his existence, her entire world was Adam. He couldn’t be happier for the both of them, though he hoped every day they did not end up like him.
Dean stands up from his chair and turns toward the filing cabinet beside him. Castiel jumps slightly as Dean kicks the cabinet, causing a loud noise to erupt and everything on top of it to shake or clatter against it.
[angelofthursday] What?
“I am going to kiss you again.”
“We are in a tribe,” Dean throws out of left field.
“Today we eat the world's hottest pepper,” Dean frowns into the camera. “The Carolina Reaper.”
In general or right now?
“Well you better fucking try,” Dean raised his voice. He did not want to yell, Cas had gotten enough of that in his life already, but Cas had fucked up and Dean had every right to be angry at him. “You have no way to explain how you pretended to be some chick online for a year? A fucking year Cas. I told you how I felt about her and you didn’t think maybe you should tell me it was you or cut it off then? What the fuck were you thinking?”
“When I put you back together in hell,” Castiel began to explain, “I had to use my grace. The glue that held you together in the process was my grace. It must have bonded with your soul, which is why this spell seems to think I am your soulmate.”
There was an even longer pause and Dean was worried that this was not going to end well. Why was it so hard for her to tell him?
“Yeah, Dean?”
I would like that.
I figured you would.
Dean put on some clothes, though he was not against going to Cas’ house in sweats. It was the fact that he needed to stop by the store first that forced him to put regular clothes on. He needed beer. He needed to get so drunk that he couldn’t think straight … or think at all for that matter.
They kissed for what felt like an endless amount of time. Time did not matter. They were holding each other, taking each other in. They were living in a moment that Dean felt neither of them had ever had and it was magical. But soon Castiel pulled back and pushed Dean away from him.
But then there was the other side of it all, the part where maybe Dean believed him. Ever since that night, Dean had dreamt about that night. He had heard the voice in his head over and over again. It was not his voice. It was not even a voice he recognized. Part of him knew that he was not making it up. He wasn’t crazy. He didn’t feel crazy.
[angelofthursday] I am sorry. But I tell you I am gay and then all of a sudden, you are gay too?
Dean tossed his phone down onto the passenger seat in baby and took a deep breath. Normally, Castiel stood in Dean’s corner. They had been best friends since they were three. That is twenty years of friendship. But recently, Castiel has been nothing but negative when it came to Dean’s choices to invest his time in a girl he met online. Castiel was just jealous that Dean was in love and he had no one. Wait?
“I promise mom,” he gave her a smile. If there was one thing that he was good at, it was pretending to have fun. He just needed to make sure that he did it long enough to convince Sam. Then he would go home, catch up on his DVR and sleep in.
But luckily, he could continue his healing at home. He hated being in the hospital. He had always hated hospitals. The bunker held it's own level of sadness and grief but at least he did not have doctors checking over him at all hours of the day. It was nice feeling some semblance of control over his life.
“Wow is right.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked. “I healed your side but you are still holding on to it.”
Technically, when it came to trades, they were still on top, making them the richest if Kingdoms. Michael knew the supply and demand needed throughout the land and now, if you were in need, you had to pay a pretty fortune to get these things. This has caused a downfall in other Kingdoms. Castiel hated that the greed of his Uncle was destroying a land his father had once described as a ‘beautiful unity of mankind.’ If his father could see the world now, he would surely be grateful that he is dead.
[angelofthursday] I am sorry Dean. I am just not ready for you to fully know who I am.
“You could,” Cas smiled. “But I’d much rather blow you until you can’t think straight.”
"Dean," Castiel's voice broke through the sound of the machines.
[555-4033 | You] It is very possible that I will.
[greeneyedhunter] You have a brother?
[greeneyedhunter] What?
“Well grab yourself a drink and come hang.” Sam pointed to the alcohol and then began to make his way over to the crowd of people that Dean had met at the last party. Dean was not that interested in hanging out with them, not that any of them were horrible, they were just different than he was. However, he was here, he had to put on a good show for his brother.
“Have a seat,” Castiel motioned for Dean to step into the living room and take a seat. Dean walked slowly into the living room, working extra hard to keep his balance. He had reached that stage in drinking when it all kind of hit him and he realized how truly drunk he really was. He needed to be at home in bed right now, not at Castiel’s doing whatever the hell it was that he was going to do.
Anytime.
“They don't matter.” Cas laid his head on Dean's shoulder. “So, I don't care what they think. I only care what you think. I'm going to tell them.”
Serious?
[greeneyedhunter] She did not win.
[greeneyedhunter] Sand, surf and sun, huh?
Dean turned and nearly fell backward. Sitting at a table was Sam, eating what appeared to be a bowl of oatmeal, and Castiel, nursing a cup of coffee, looking like he had not slept in forever.
Yeah?
[greeneyedhunter] I can see that. But, no, your age doesn’t bother me at all. Does mine bother you?
Dean tried to fight against all of the information and feelings that were flooding his mind. He knew this was a stupid idea. He could not just sleep with his best friend. But Castiel did not give him time to back out or make any decisions at all. Before Dean had time to process what was going on, Castiel had Dean pinned against a wall and was kissing him hard and fierce.
Dean was disappointed. He needed to get out but he did not want to do it alone. Charlie was his only option. He would have asked Sam but sadly, his little brother was no old enough to legally drink. Dean could not wait for the day to come.
Dean stood outside of Ben’s door for a moment. He was not sure if he was ready to be alone with Castiel. It was easy to brush things aside while Ben was around but now he had to truly face it. He knew he could play it off and just keep pretending but things would not get resolved that way. He needed to face this
“I am so sorry.” Cas sat down on the log a few inches away from Dean, making sure not to touch him. “That was never my intention.”
“Yes,” Dean spoke again, trying to keep his breathing under control. “I am your good boy.”
When do you need it by?
[greeneyedhunter] I am just joking Cas. There is no pressure. If you just want to be friends, I can be just friends.
“Yes, my son.” His tone showing hints of anger. “Now get out of my truck.”
“Good Angelical Morning,” Dean speaks into the camera with his overly upbeat persona he puts on for the world.
Both Castiel and Dean are not happy, and they are sure their audience will be able to see it by the solemn looks on their faces. This is a stupid idea.
“What if I don’t want to assist?” Dean asked, causing the color in the man’s eyes to almost completely disappear as his pupils expanded.
“Angry. Hurt. Embarrassed.” Dean filled him in a little more about how he was feeling.
Dean looked nervously over at his husband while they sat, waiting for the principal to arrive. He’d hated being called to the principal’s office when he was a kid and that feeling did not seem to be any less nerve-wracking now that he was a full-grown adult. Only this time, it was not him who was in trouble, it was their daughter, Claire.
_______________________________
“Meg,” Castiel let go of Dean and scrambled to get to his feet. “It’s not what you think?”
“Every time I am around you,” Cas began speaking again, his voice deeper than normal, which only turned Dean on more. “Every single time, you send all these images to me. Me fucking you. Your mouth wrapped around my cock or my mouth wrapped around yours. Do you know how frustrating it is that you do this?”
“And a large basket of fries, please,” He added in.
[greeneyedhunter] So, are you just in your robe now?
[greeneyedhunter] Why? Did 37 suddenly become old?
“A year ago my wife and I divorced.” Castiel’s face hung low, a subject that was obviously hard on him. “I needed to get away and a friend told me that they were looking for a religion teacher here. I applied and here I am.”
“Fuck,” Castiel ran his hand down his face and tried to calm his mind.
“Two million Scoville units,” Castiel informs the audience.
“I love you man,” Dean gave Castiel a weak smile before turning his head back toward the wall. “I’m ready.”
You always do.
Hanging in a gold birdcage on the outside of the cart was a small person? It appeared to be a person. But it was no bigger than his finger and appeared to have wings.
“Whoa,” Castiel reaches out to him. “No. No. No. Don’t do that.”
“Don’t apologize,” Dean reached forward and grab hold of Cas’ neck, pulling him into a quick and chaste kiss. “I wanted to be here.”
[greeneyedhunter] So, not only do you write murder mystery, you write a series?
“Please, don’t go,” Castiel’s voice all but begged.
Nothing happened after that. It was silent. Dean thought about moving but he didn’t want to ruin whatever his husband had planned. So he laid there as still as possible. Waiting, for anything.
I am going to go out on a limb and guess that you also have blue eyes?
Why is that?
Castiel reaches out and tags Dean, only for Dean to reach back and tag Castiel. This continues until it looks like both men are having a slap fight in the middle of the set.
“I see a tall, strong man,” Castiel began. “A man who works hard and has the most amazing green eyes I have ever seen in my entire life.”
“Any milk left?” Dean asked him.
[greeneyedhunter] Oh wow.
“Are we really talking about having sex together?”
I live in Kansas.
[angelofthursday] Is that really you?
“No.” Castiel turned to face Meg. “Not Dean. I think you need to leave, Meg.”
“Well, yes, we are,” Castiel looked between her and Dean. “But that is it. We aren’t together or having sex. We are just sleeping.”
"Okay," Nurse Moseley brought herself to her feet. Had she been expecting something from Dean? Did she want him to protest? "I'll bring you dinner in a few hours. So, don't think I never did anything for you."
Castiel watches as Dean looks over the gifts, looking around to realize that there are no more gifts under the tree. His heart sinks. Did Dean forget about the last gift? Had he not been able to find something that both of them could do together? Castiel plastered on a smile, even though disappointment had hit him hard.
The small, broken fairy looked up at him from the end of his bed with worry in his eyes. It was easy to see that horrible things had happened to him and now, here was Castiel, telling him that he was more than likely going to die at the hands of his uncle.
Another wave of laughter fills the studio.
Okay.
“What do you …” Dean looked down at Cas’ clothed erection and then back up at Cas. “You mean you?”
Castiel kissed Dean’s neck once more before kissing his way back down Dean’s body. But this time, he didn’t skip the good part. He kissed and licked at the skin around Dean’s lower stomach before making his way down and kissing along the length of Dean’s cock.
“You…” Castiel pulls the phone away from his face and looks at the time. It’s three-thirty seven in the morning. “How did you not mean to wake me at three in the morning? When am I ever awake at this time?”
“Yeah,” Castiel laughed. “Much better than your voice.”
Dean continued kissing along Cas’ chest. He could tell that Cas was enjoying it, just as much as he was, by the slight moans that were escaping his lips. Dean wondered briefly if Castiel had ever done anything like this with a man before but he decided now was not the time to ask.
“If it gets bad,” Dean spoke as he pulled away and began to kiss down Cas’ neck, moving toward his chest. “Tell me, guide me.”
“Ask and you shall receive my lady,” Castiel bowed to her, causing a giggle to boil up to the surface. She may not be royalty by blood but to Castiel, she was more of a Lady than most of the real ones he had met in the past.
“Pre-Med” Kevin chimed in, distaste in his voice, he obviously was not a huge fan of the lawyer profession. That or he did not like that Dean did not just automatically know that he was going to be a doctor of sorts. Hopefully not a doctor of people, he did not look like he would be good with confrontation and you needed some balls to be a doctor. That and he was tiny. Dean wanted a Doctor who looked like he could save his life, not a man who looks like he would scream if a spider crawled up beside him.
“Let’s do that,” Castiel follows up, a look of pure regret and sadness glaring into the camera.
Where do you live?
“And where are you off to?”
[angelofthursday] Good evening, Dean.
WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
“Cas?” Dean called through their apartment.
[angelofthursday] I have never really been the best at talking to people.
They had just finished up a hunt which left Dean bloody and he was fairly certain that his ribs were broken. But he was not going to call Cas. The angel was busy with his own things; things that were more important than Dean. He was not going to pull him away from his battle with heaven so he could heal a few bumps and bruises. Dean had been here many times before. He would take it easy, try not to fight as much on hunts and let his body heal. It took longer these days, and only seemed to get longer the older he got. But even still, he would heal on his own time. He did not need to get anyone involved.
Maybe you can come over tomorrow night for dinner.
“Thanks for that as well,” Dean says. “Had to choose one of us, I guess.”
“I do not recall stating that I love you like family,” Castiel corrected Dean.
Dean took a deep breath and worked at his cock through his boxers. He obviously wasn’t that nervous or his cock would have calmed down. This was happening. Cas was coming over.
“A few weeks in,” Dean admitted.
I don’t understand how you can drink that stuff. Beer is better.
“Okay,” Dean accepted what Castiel told him. “I'm behind you not matter what you choose.”
Neither is us not being together.
“While I agree with your husband here, Mr. Winchester, that violence is never the answer. I do understand why she did what she did.”
“Not for sale,” the old woman shook her head and turned away from him.
Once he gets his laughter under control, he reaches for his next card.
“My DNA?” Dean asked Castiel, raising his eyebrow at his husband.
“But you hate her,” Dean protested.
“Maybe it is,” Castiel agreed. “But what if it’s not?”
[angelofthursday] It is a very long drive.
“What? You wanted to fuck with me? You wanted to hurt me?” Dean was all but screaming now. “What could you possibly have wanted?”
“And Demons?”
“When you get where Dean?” Castiel wanted to understand and felt embarrassment that he didn’t. He knew that he was slower than most when it came to certain things but he really needed to understand.
“Promise me,” Castiel said again, this time with so much intensity behind his voice.
“Oh,” Dean smiled. “I like.”
[greeneyedhunter] Would it be so bad to like me?
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel growled but it was not angry. “I am going camping. I can camp.”
“Fine,” Dean pulled back the sarcasm. “I will take a look at your car. Mercedes?”
_____
“Sorry,” Dean’s unmistakable voice came through the other end of the line. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“I hate to have had to call you both in for this,” Principal Shurley began talking, pulling Dean from his thoughts. “Claire is usually such a good kid, so this was a shock for all of us, as I am sure it is for you as well.”
“Just think about something else,” Castiel suggests.
It had been a few days since the party and life had continued on as normal. Sam told his mother that Dean showed up but also that Dean seemed a little too eager to leave. Dean explained to his mother that he just was not having that good of a time but that he had tried and he really had. It was not his fault that he was not into frat parties. They seemed like something you really had to acquire a taste for or at least be a few years younger to enjoy. His mom left it alone after that but he was certain she would bring it back up eventually.
Dean.
“Please, Dean,” Castiel called through the small crack he could make in the door. “The neighbors are starting to get angry at me. Please let me in.”
“You know what?” Castiel interrupts. “Eight fifty and we -”
By the end of the first week, Dean had found many spells. They were all meant to bring your love to you or find your soulmate, so to speak. He was against doing magic but if this is what he had to do in order to save his life, he was going to do it.
“Room,” Dean growled out.
“It’s time for,” Castiel points to the camera.
“To talk about us,” Castiel did not look up from his water, he had a look of sadness on his face. “I think she feels like she made a mistake.”
“No,” Cas shook his head in disbelief. “He doesn't see me like that.”
“Yes Dean,” Castiel whispered into Dean’s ear before kissing the top of his head. “Come back to me. You are almost there.”
ATTEMPT NUMBER ELEVEN
“What we got?” Dean asked as soon as he spotted Benny.
“You can do anything,” Castiel says.
I don’t know. I am not ready to lose you.
[angelofthursday] Not just yet.
[angelofthursday] I did. That was the first thing I told her.
Dean made his way further into the kitchen and unpacked the beers into the fridge. He then grabbed two, opened them and made his way toward the dining room. Castiel liked eating at his small dining room table. It was small and the table wasn’t even nice, but Cas liked having one. He had bounced around foster homes so much as a kid, he never really got to have proper dinners, so now he went out of his way to do so.
Dean continued wiping his eyes to try and hide the fact that he had been crying. The last thing that he needed was for Castiel to see him cry. He did not want to seem like some obsessive friend or something who cries because their friend ditched them. It was not really Castiel that had made him cry but he could see how Castiel might take it that way.
“You can’t say stuff like that man,” Castiel shakes his head at his best friend and co-host. “If you can’t prove it …”
Was he going to ask Dean to go with him? Would Dean say yes? They were still best friends after all. Dean could do this … right?
“A tribe,” Castiel mimics.
Angel is Cas.
But I am going to tell you what I was thinking anyway.
“Again,” Dean spoke, “I don’t understand why we are here then.”
“Okay,” Castiel laughed. “We can use the internet. But we will also use Gabriel. You would be surprised all that he can accomplish.”
Are you still up for watching a movie? I’ll bring some beer.
Castiel started slow and Dean was nearly in tears. He needed to cum but Castiel was going to draw this out. Whatever lesson he was supposed to learn had not been taught yet, though, for the life of him, he couldn’t remember what that lesson was.
Dean is interrupted by a laugh from everyone who is currently in the studio.
“Oh, right,” Dean moved over to the table. “Castiel, this is my son Ben. Ben, this is my friend Castiel.”
“I am not calling you,” Dean argued. “How am I calling you?”
[greeneyedhunter] Is there something in your contract about telling people who you are?
Had a car that I just could not figure out.
“It’s your turn Dean,” Charlie interrupts, pushing the show along. They do have to try and stay within a certain frame of time.
Dean glided his hand over Castiel’s erection and back down, feeling its length through the smooth fabric. Occasionally he squeezed his hand around it and Castiel would all but whimper. It was almost too much for Dean but he allowed himself to remain calm. He was not going to allow himself to get off without even being touched.
“You wouldn’t want me to escape would you?” Castiel asked as he moved his fingers up Dean’s legs and around to the back of his thighs.
“Oh,” he could hear Dean whisper and it broke his heart. Dean was taking this the wrong way.
“Why?” Castiel questioned. “Do you not like her? Bella seems like a really sweet girl. I like having her in my class.”
[angelofthursday] So, Dean. Where are you from? Or is that too big of a question?
“Which may happen,” Dean laughs, giving Castiel a look that screams ‘I bet you tap out first.’
“Am I going to have to do it for you?” Castiel asked.
“ A few weeks?” Castiel asked, nearly spitting out the coffee he’d just taken a sip of.
“Let’s go twice as hot,” Castiel carries on with his rant. “Let’s go with the hottest pepper certified on earth. The Carolina Reaper.”
[greeneyedhunter] Yeah. I only work during the week. Occasionally weekends if necessary.
[angelofthursday] Because you live across the country.
“It makes me smile,” Dean answers. “Whenever I see it on you the right way, I want to turn it around because it should be crooked and backward. But then my hands would be on your tie and I can’t help but imagine wrapping it around my hand and using it to pull you into me.”
The fairy made the motions of what Castiel assumed was a sigh and shook his head no. He brought himself to his feet and pointed at Castiel. It took him a few moments but he soon realized that the fairy meant him. He could talk to Castiel if he was asleep. Made more sense that way but also scared him more than he would have expected it to.
_________
[greeneyedhunter] What if I promise you that I won’t let that happen.
“Me too, Angel,” Dean admits. “Stroking myself to the thought of you writhing around in my lap, trying to get closer to me through our clothes, panting into my neck as I kiss and lick and bite at yours.”
“So,” Cas laughed. “How about we do something to really piss Balthazar off?”
Hey you. How was work?
“No,” Dean answers. “Sleeping with someone who looks like you but isn’t you wouldn’t be …”
[angelofthursday] Now you are just making things up.
“I wish something would have,” Castiel groans.
Castiel stops and looks at Dean with a fake concerned look, which Dean returns before Castiel turns back to face the camera.
“What is happening?” He asked. But even if Castiel had answered him, he couldn’t hear a thing.
Before Dean could fully grasp what was happening, he was pulling Castiel toward him and pressing him against the impala. Not so hard as to do any damage to the impala, he still cared about the car, even though he wanted to take complete advantage of the man against it. His heart was racing in his chest as Castiel took his hand. Dean felt like he had not been touched in forever, even though he knew he had, but it was enough to make him weak in the knees.
“Beg,” Cas slowly ran his hand up and down Dean’s cock, gathering up the pre-cum leaking from the tip and using it as a lubricant.
“Wrong,” Castiel responded. “Try again.”
“Yeah,” Dean turned his attention back to Castiel, who blushed slightly, or at least Dean thought he saw him blush. He definitely looked the part of a Lawyer, well dressed, even at a college frat party. He was older than the rest, so Dean assumed maybe he was a Med Student, since he heard that takes forever. “So, what do you study?”
“Fuck,” Dean moaned moments later. Castiel could feel the warmth of Dean’s release hit against his stomach and penis as Dean continued to stroke them through his own orgasm.
The fairy climbed into his hand, slowly, dragging its legs. Castiel's heart sunk at the shape he was in. If he accomplished nothing else out of this, getting the fairy well enough to leave on his own would be good enough for him.
“Yes,” Principal Shurley agreed. “There is so little left in the day, I do not see how that would be a problem.”
“And how do I accomplish that huh?” Castiel’s laugh was one of annoyance. He didn’t know what was going on with Dean but it was way too early in the morning for weird shit. “You gonna come over and crawl into my bed, huh?” There was a pause of silence before he spoke again. “I didn’t think so.”
“Next to him we have Chuck’s girlfriend Becky,” Sam pointed at the girl beside Chuck and she smiled and gave Dean a slight wave. She seemed more nerdy college student, just by the looks of her. She was modestly attractive but her clothes were very conservative. She had a slight crazy vibe about her as well, which Dean laughed at internally. He was impressed with Chuck. The crazy ones were kinky right?
“I loved math when I was in school,” Castiel responded in the usual chipper tone he used when talking with her.
[555-0920 | Castiel] And I rescind my invitation.
Dean talked about Lisa. How they had lived next door to each other their entire lives and started to call each other boyfriend and girlfriend when they were about thirteen. He talked about how cheesy they were with each other and how people always told them that they were going to be together forever. He told Castiel about how they had gotten pregnant at fifteen and though a few people urged they give the baby up for adoption, they couldn’t do it. They decided to keep the baby and raise him.
“Of course not.” Castiel shook his head. He looked more confused than ever. “It’s a '78 Lincoln Continental Mark V.”
Dean!
“Wouldn’t that just make things worse?”
Everyone greeted Dean, accept for Ruby who sat across from him. She didn’t talk to him or really make eye contact. He figured she was angry for not taking the hint and doing something with her last time. That was her problem though, not his. He wasn’t here for the pleasure of Ruby.
[greeneyedhunter] You seemed to be doing just fine with me.
I can be there in 30.
[angelofthursday] How was your day?
“Dean,” Castiel whines, his hand slipping beneath his boxers and wrapping around his cock. He pulls it free, gripping it tightly.
“It’s okay,” Castiel promised him.
“I love you too,” Sam laughed, patting his brother on the shoulder. “See you at nine.”
“Then let’s find out what happened.” Castiel agreed. “I will call Gabriel in the morning and we can get started.”
[greeneyedhunter] So, why can’t you tell me exactly?
“I get that feeling a lot,” Dean looked up at Castiel and smile. “I once thought I was going to travel the world and be someone huge. Then we had Ben and my look on life changed. Now I cannot imagine not being here. I do wish sometimes I could be more on the move, maybe when he goes off to college.”
Then I will know for sure.
Castiel moved towards Dean, lightly guiding him over to the impala, pressing Dean’s back against the cold door. It felt good against his hot skin. Castiel pushed into him, his mouth covering Dean’s as Dean groaned against him. He could kiss him forever if given the chance.
[greeneyedhunter] But we have a problem.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out hard.
As Dean kissed down along Castiel’s stomach, he pulled his hands from Cas’ back down to his ass and pulled him forward on the table, just enough to give Dean better access to the man’s pants. Then he moved his hands to the front of Cas and placed one of his hands against Cas’ erection. The feel of Castiel’s jean covered cock against his hand made Dean’s cock jerk in his pants. He loved that he was making Cas feel this excited.
“Dean,” Cas cried out, his hips bucking forward. “I’m gonna come.”
Dean headed toward his bedroom but stopped when his computer came into view. He was sure that it was a long shot but it was worth a shot. He moved over, sat down in his chair and booted up his computer. After a few minutes of arguing with himself internally, Dean logged into his messenger account.
Dean worked to think back on the years. Cas and he had been inseparable since they were kids. Even with Cas being in and out of foster homes, Dean was always there. Dean had even taken the bus or had his mom drive him across town when they ended up in separate schools. Dean went out of his way to make sure he did not lose Cas and Cas … well, isn’t that what he did?
“No,” Castiel answered. “I don’t think I will. Not yet.”
By the time they reached the house, Dean’s mind was racing. This evening had not gone the way he had planned. He had half expected to be packing his bags and getting ready to head back to where he came from. Now he was talking and about to start investigating the death of his brother, all while drinking hot cocoa with his boyfriend. Were they boyfriends? They had never really used that terminology, but that is what they felt like. They had expressed love and shared a bed with one another.
[greeneyedhunter] Well, I am a total risk taker.
“To a volcano,” Castiel yells.
Dean didn't talk after that and quickly tuned out the rest of the room. So much was going on inside of his head that he couldn't keep up. He watched them check him over and his machines but he couldn't bring himself to answer. Finally, they gave up and allowed for him to take some time. They left him after that, all except Cas. Cas refused to leave his side.
“Yes,” Dean moaned, pushing back against him. “Please.”
“Castiel,” Dean tilted his head to the side with a slight laugh. It was not a bad name; it was just not a name that you heard very often. That made it weird to say out loud sometimes, not that Dean was going around saying Castiel’s name out loud.
What did you mean then?
Dean wanted to feel bad but once again he was angry. He needed time to clear his head and work out all that was going on. Being out in nature usually helped.
“What the hell is your problem man?” Dean yelled.
“Rained the whole time?” Dean asked with a slight laugh.
“I really wanna push that boy's parents off of a play structure,” Dean began to vent as they crawled into bed that evening.
“Whenever I do one of these stupid spells,” Dean spoke, pointing down at the bowl of crap in front of him, “you just show up.”
“Well he made the right choice by staying,” Dean noted.
Yeah.
“I’m already having like a gag reflex,” Dean carries on talking. “Which is weird because it didn’t happen last time.”
“Did he say that?” Dean asks, leaning over to look at the letter.
Unless you really don’t want to know.
“Definitely next time,” Castiel promised. “Definitely next time.”
“What do we never do?”
I don’t know yet.
[greeneyedhunter] Really.
“Let’s just put this into perspective, okay?” Dean takes over. “This is, as Cas said, approximately twice as hot. I mean, I am so anxious right now.”
And that was the end of the conversation for now. They knew they were going to have to sit down with her and work this all out. But she was supposed to spend the weekend with her grandma Mary and they were not going to take that away from her. They would work out what they wanted to say and on Sunday, before she had to go back to school again, the would work out a plan. They were great at working out plans.
I’ve got a hot date.
“How long?” Castiel asked.
“Of course not,” Castiel shook his head. “How do you tell your best friend that you are in love with them. Your very straight best friend.”
“What has you all happy?” Cas asks.
The light tapping on Castiel’s window could have easily been mistaken for the tree, but he knew better. Dean was always sure not to make very much noise. He stayed at Castiel’s house frequently, more so now that his brother had been shipped off to boarding school, which Dean complained about but was secretly grateful for. Sam got away. But Dean made Castiel promise, a long time ago, that he would not tell anyone what was going on in his life. Castiel did not want to keep that secret, but Dean begged until he agreed and kept the secret. Which is why on these nights, Dean had to sneak in. Outside of his brother Sam, Castiel was the only person Dean trusted in this world. Castiel could not take that way from his as well.
[greeneyedhunter] Yeah?
“So, while I am not angry about what you did. I would like it if we could find better ways than pushing people off of toys to express our anger. Do you think we can do that?”
Castiel did not pull away when he came. He continued to suck Dean through his orgasm. It was not until Dean unwillingly began to pull away from him that Castiel pulled back with a sound that was truly pornographic.
Both Castiel and Meg jumped by the knock coming from the front door of Castiel’s apartment. It was two in the morning and storming outside. There was no need for anyone to be at the door. Which meant that it was Dean. The number of nights Dean showed up at Castiel’s house when it rained became less and less over the years. Dean no longer lived with his father. But sometimes, just the sound of rain was enough to put Dean in a panic and Castiel seemed to be the only one who could calm him down.
“Well let’s see,” Castiel began. “I am a teacher. I teach Religion. I am not really a religious person, not anymore anyways. My family is big on religion. We were the type of people who were at church every day for some reason or another. So when I decided to go to school to teach religion, they were not that happy about it. It would have been different if I was going to school to teach religion at an all Christian school and only taught the word of the bible.”
“You know,” Castiel whispered, leaning in so that Dean would know that he didn’t want Claire to listen in. “If I didn’t know better, I would say it was your DNA that created that girl in the backseat and not mine.”
"You know today is a day of rest," Michael lost his edge of displeasure. "Why read when you are not tasked to do so?"
Dean tried not to think about it much. He missed her but she was gone. Thinking about her did not bring her back, all it did was cause him to hurt. Living life without her was hard enough, he did not need to keep reminding himself of that hurt. That did not mean he forgot about her or tried to forget about her. He tried to keep her memory alive the best that he could for Ben. Ben was only nine when she had passed away. He could remember his mom but his memories were not always the strongest and Dean never wanted him to forget his mother. Dean never would, not after knowing her his entire life. But that did not mean he couldn’t move on.
[555-4033 | You] And when I bite my lip, look you in the eyes and beg you “Please baby.” You are gonna still tell me no?
“I am sorry,” Dean apologized, beginning to step back outside into the rain, but Castiel grabbed his arm and stopped him. “I did not mean to interrupt your evening. I can come back tomorrow maybe.”
“There you go,” Castiel says.
“See something you like?” Dean asked while lifting up his towel and turning to show himself off.
“Please, Cas,” Dean begged. “Fuck me, please?”
[greeneyedhunter] Ah.
Castiel watched Meg at the foot of his bed, slowly stripping out of her clothes. They had been dating for almost a year and it was moments like this that made him wonder. Meg was beautiful, he body was pale in comparison to her dark hair and it gave her an otherworldly kind of beauty. And she was all his. But even now, watching her strip down in front of him, he could not seem to feel the things he knew he was supposed to feel. He was supposed to be excited, the prospect of sex is certain, but his mind was still able to wonder. Maybe he didn’t love her as much as he told himself that he did.
[Dean] You going to be okay, Cas?
“Where is Claire?” Castiel asked.
“Perfect,” Castiel whispered as he leaned back down and kissed the tip of Dean’s cock. He then sat himself up and crawled the rest of the way up the bed, lying beside Dean.
“If that is Dean,” Meg began, reaching down and grabbing for her clothes, “I am going to be pissed, Clarence.”
“I’m in the room,” Castiel finally responded.
“We allowed for her to return to class,” Principal Shurley informed them. “We had a conversation about the day and normally, while I would have only called one of you down here, I felt that we needed to have a conversation about what Claire told me.”
“Hey Cas,” Ruby finally stopped talking long enough to notice that Castiel was outside near them. She seemed slightly annoyed by his presence, which was stupid, considering there were about fifteen other people outside within close proximity to them. “Can we help you with something?”
“I have it in my right mind to beat your ass,” Dean held a wrench out towards his brother. “You think you are so funny and someone needs to show you the light.”
Dean hoped that Castiel did not take what he said the wrong way. Dean loved his son and he would not change anything in his life, except for Lisa’s death, he wished that had never happened. Outside of that, he loved his son and his job and his family. He could not think of a life outside of that.
“Yes, but,” Cas tried to argue.
You seriously want me to come over?
[greeneyedhunter] Good.
“We have to face this alone,” Dean yells, trying to get his anger from the fire inside of his body out.
[angelofthursday] See, I knew you were angry.
[angelofthursday] The joint?
Dean finally pushed the thoughts away enough to fall asleep. By the time he woke up again, it was almost two in the afternoon. Ben was sitting on the couch, watching television and eating an ungodly amount of cereal out of a plastic storage bowl. Dean almost said something but brushed it off, Ben could have a day, since he was having one himself.
[angelofthursday] And the thought of you dressing up is super fucking hot.
“I’m sorry man,” Dean tried to console him but he was not really the best at doing things like that.
“No,” Dean shook his head, not even bothering to look at Cas. “I would like to go alone.”
[Cas] I wish I could tell you and someday, I will.
“The fact that each time,” Cas pushed him harder into the wall as he spoke, “you ran away from me.”
“So,” Castiel broke the silence, as he turned down a road that did not lead to their house. “What did you learn in school today?”
[greeneyedhunter] Why?
And then he was … was this Heaven?
“Not at all,” Castiel seemed to get real serious for a moment. “I don’t just teach Christianity. I teach every religion in one way or another. I feel that in order for people to believe in something fully, they must be able to understand all of what is out there to make a conscious decision. How can you say you are one thing without hearing the side of another?”
[Dean] So, is that the decision you are going to choose?
“You didn’t show up,” Dean turned around and stood right in front of Castiel. Here was at the part where all the stupid stuff was going to come up and he was going to have a day or longer of regret ahead of him. “The only reason I went to that damn party was because you said you were going to be there.”
Dean made his way to Cas’ chest, kissing lightly against his skin. His mouth found a nipple and he sucked it lightly into his mouth, brushing his tongue over the hardening bud. Cas moaned at Dean’s actions, encouraging him to continue. Dean ran his tongue around Cas’ nipple before moving to the other one and repeating the actions.
“A teacher at a frat party,” Dean laughed, tilting his head towards his brother. “I thought teachers were the uncool ones who failed you when you came in hung over or called the cops because the neighbor kids were being too loud.”
[angelofthursday] I am 37.
Dean pulled his hips back slightly and then pushed forward again, causing friction to build up between them. He did this until Cas was a mess beneath him and he knew it wasn't going to be much longer.
Dean thanked his mom for keeping Ben for the evening, though she was more than happy to have him. They were a little angry when fifteen-year-old Dean got his girlfriend pregnant but from the day that Ben was born, they loved him like he was their fourth son and he loved them just the same. If he was not at home or at a friend’s, Ben was spending time with his grandma, grandpa and occasionally his uncle Adam, if Adam was not off doing whatever seventeen year olds do these days. He also spent time with Lisa’s parents but they lived a couple hours away and it was harder for him to see them.
Castiel and Dean sat in silence after that. Dean finished off his water, occasionally glancing up at Castiel. He was not sure why he had given him so much information or why things were so awkward. He had a feeling that this friendship was not really going to last much longer and that hurt the worst. He really enjoyed Castiel and was hoping that he would be around for a while.
“You can be anybody,” Castiel says again, reaching up and placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“I understand,” Castiel’s voice was so small behind him, Dean had to fight back tears once again. “Goodbye, Dean.”
“Open it,” Dean insisted impatiently.
Dean took out his wallet and slipped the card in. He then took out a black card of his own with white lettering. He handed it to Castiel who took it and smiled.
“I am going to be a bartender or some other job where you can work nights,” Ben informed Dean of his future plans.
“Now I know you are trying to get me fat,” Dean says with the biggest smile on his face. “This is awesome.”
Dean breathed in heavily and tilted his head back, closing his eyes to take it all in. Suddenly he was no longer in the garage. Everything disappeared and once again he was in the field, the one from the dreams. He was no longer walking towards the barn but running towards it. His body tensed up, scared of the light, it was going to burn.
How was your day today?
“Here we go,” Cas finally emerged from the kitchen and set the bowls down onto the table. He took his seat across from Dean and quickly reached for his beer, drinking half of it down before even making eye contact with Dean.
“So,” Cas turned and pulled Dean the rest of the way into the room. “What is it that you would like to do Winchester, as in Dean?”
“Nurture trumps nature my love.” Dean grinned harder than he had all day.
[angelofthursday] It then becomes more about my books and that would suck right now.
“Parties aren’t really my thing,” Dean tried to come up with a better reason than, ‘I am old I can’t do parties anymore.’ “This one is outdoors, I like outdoors. I can do outdoors.”
[greeneyedhunter] What did she say to that?
Thanks My Queen
“Cas,” Dean turned and rushed toward his friend. “You have to help me. I am not getting anywhere.”
[greeneyedhunter] So, Angel? Can I maybe ask how old you are?
Dean quickly pulled open the door and made his way toward his car. He could feel Castiel watching him leave but he could not let it stop him. What Castiel had done was wrong and they both knew it. Dean deserved to leave. He deserved to run away. He deserved to never have to talk to Castiel again, if he wanted to; though, that was never going to happen. In the end, he was still Cas.
“Every inch of your body is perfect,” Castiel said again.
Just go with me.
Nope.
“Okay,” Castiel finally looked back up at Dean. He seemed taken aback by the information that was being given to him. “How did that go?”
Names Dean, what is yours?
Sam texted Dean where the party was going to be, and Dean grew hopeful that it would be a better time than the last. Last time it was in an overly loud frat house with so many bodies that you couldn’t walk across the room without running into someone. This time the party was out at Miller’s Creek, a place where Dean had spent a lot of his time as a teenager, well until Ben came along. It was the party spot in High School. The destination for high school parties had changed since then, so this place was free for college kids or people who wanted to party during the summer.
The darkness that had taken over his eyes went away and he could see it all. His eyes were still covered but he could see Castiel between his legs. He was looking up at him with giant blue eyes as he swallowed all of Dean down his throat again and again. Then he was cumming. What normally felt good but muted took over his entire body. He was on fire, he was freezing. Everything his body could possibly feel rushed through his body all at once and he was certain that he passed out for a moment before regaining consciousness.
___________________________
“Hey boys,” Ellen called from behind the bar.
[greeneyedhunter] I am not angry.
“Dean,” Castiel spoke in almost a whisper.
“Thanks, man,” Dean tried to let him off the hook. Castiel did not need to fix the problem. “You don’t have to lie to me.”
_ _ _ _ _ _
“I am listening,” Cas says, turning in Dean’s arms to face him.
He listened, trying to figure out what was happening but the sounds were not giving anything away. Then something was slipping over his face and his eyes opened on instinct, but it was black still. He was blindfolded.
“No,” Dean answered quickly. “I uh, took off. Went for a walk to clear my head and then came home.”
“And incredibly turned on by my knight and shining anger management problem.”
“If we were reading something about an explicit pairing between Harry Styles and Barack Obama,” Dean holds back a laugh for even having to say that out loud, “known as the ever-popular Hobama ship, that we’d probably enjoy just fine.”
“Because he is your best friend and it’s your super fun filled birthday weekend,” Sam answered, a look of confusion on his face. “Why? Are you guys not talking right now or something?”
“I don’t see anything, Cas,” Dean almost whined out his words.
“And you have a month to do it.” She told him. “A month should be plenty of time. But Dean dear, I really must be going.”
“Ellen,” Dean yelled across the bar, grabbing Ellen’s attention away from the book she was now reading. It was a weekday, so the bar was pretty dead. “Two more drinks.”
“They are connected,” Dean informed the man. “If you would have walked around, you would have found the shop. But you entered the diner and asked for a mechanic, so, in the diner, I appeared.”
“You are,” Cas growled, his head resting in Dean’s neck as he came down from his orgasm. He was still inside of Dean, holding him firmly against the wall.
I almost wish at this point that one of them would just leave.
[greeneyedhunter] Good thing too. Bastard ended up cheating on me.
“I was thinking,” Castiel can’t help but rant, his disappointment from this episode coming off him in waves, “I can’t wait to do that again with an even hotter pepper.”
“Morning,” a voice came from behind him.
Dean tried to work through all that he could. He wanted to blame Lisa for all that was going on in his life. How could she have left him all alone, a broken mess of a man? Why couldn’t it have been him? She would have known how to move on. She would have been able to help Ben keep his grades up. She would have survived, not messed things up the way that he had.
“Excuse me?” She turned her attention to Castiel, cocking her head to the side questioningly.
“Yeah," Castiel laughs but there is a hint of hurt in his voice. “Sleeping with someone who looks like me would really suck, I’m sure.”
[greeneyedhunter] Why?
Beep! Beep! Beep!
[greeneyedhunter] Definitely. She is my best friend.
“You don't have to come out to them if you aren't ready,” Dean told him, though he really wanted Balthazar to know.
"What about, Dean?"
[angelofthursday] I don’t have set days. I tell myself I will write every day, but it doesn’t always work out that way.
“Why do you even care?” Dean asked, even though he knew the truth. “You jealous?”
“You really want to eat breakfast at four in the morning?” Castiel questions.
“I hiccupped a seed,” Castiel cries, clutching his hand on the table.
“Mmm,” it’s all that Castiel can muster.
What seven year old gets the bike of his dreams and trades it in for his friend to get a notebook?
“Rowena cursed me, man,” Dean answered. He then went into detail about the curse and what he was trying to do and what he had already done.
“What?” Dean pulled away for a moment. He knew that his voice was out of practice, but he did not think it sounded that bad.
“Yeah?”
"I was around." Castiel refused to look up at Michael, instead, looking down at the food in front of him. "Did some reading outside around the palace. It was far too nice of a day to stay inside the entire time."
“Fuck,” Dean hissed out when Castiel reached down and grabbed his cock into his hand and lightly stroked around the tip. He could feel himself leaking against Castiel’s fingers, causing it to slide over him with ease.
“For now?” Dean asked.
“Let’s go in the back,” Dean suggested as they pulled up to the house the vamps were hunkering down in. The sun had just come up, perfect time to catch them off guard.
“Really?” Cas’ smile spread as far across his face as it literally could, his eyes coming to life and the blue twinkling in the parking lot lights that shown overhead.
Good. I’ll be over in about twenty minutes.
“Take your glove off, you stupid,” Castiel instructs as he removes his own glove and tosses it into the trash. “I’ve been here before, but never like this.”
[greeneyedhunter] Fine.
"As you know," Nurse Moseley had given him a pause to speak like she always did. Maybe she hoped he would same day answer. He never did. "It is two to a room. When Benny left, we noticed how hard you took it. I know you liked him. We decided then to give you some time. Unfortunately, we are limited in space."
[angelofthursday] Do you have any siblings?
Dean wanted to tell her the truth but that probably would not have been the best idea. Telling her that he only came because her teacher was supposed to be here and now he wanted to go home because he had not shown up, that might come off a little weird and he did not need to weird her out.
Well, of course I love him … but …
“Would you like something to drink?” Castiel asked, moving himself to the other side of the room. “I could get us a beer or some water?”
[greeneyedhunter] So, it’s settled.
Dean considered this for a moment, fearful that he was going to mess this all up. But in the end, he went with what he felt and not what his mind was thinking.
If you are watching the video online, this is where they would be airing a clip of when they ate the ghost pepper.
“Oh, gosh,” Castiel says again, leaning back and grabbing hold of his stomach.
“Hey wanna go cow tipping?” Dean asks. “Cause, I don’t”
“May … may … maybe,” Dean stuttered.
“Me too,” Cas admitted. “Man, if I were straight.”
“Right, you two aren’t sleeping together.”
There was another pause and this time Dean was worried. He swallowed hard and then finished off his beer to try and clear the dryness that was forming in his throat, even though it didn’t help. Had Dean really been talking to a guy all of this time?
“It is not a good Angelical Morning,” Dean jumps in. “It is a bad Angelical Morning for us.”
“Okay,” Dean sighs deeply, letting out all the air in his body. “How? … What? .... How?”
“Now,” Castiel demanded again, pointing his finger up the stairs.
Bella took Dean’s hand and walked with him. Her fingers were warm wrapped around his own and his heart was beating quickly in his chest. He knew that Lisa would want for him to move on but he was not sure how she would feel about his ways of doing it. Would she be angry at him hooking up at some random party with some girl he barely knew? And why hadn’t Castiel showed up? This would not be happening if Castiel had just shown up.
“Do you want to get back together with her?” Dean asked, shifting against the car. His hand brushed up against Castiel’s hand and everything stopped for a brief moment. All he could think was how badly he wanted Castiel to say no.
Dean wondered what having Cas blow him would be like. Would Cas look at him while he did it? His bright blue eyes looking directly into Dean’s soul as he took him all the way down his throat. It wasn’t like angel’s had to breathe. Cas would be able to take all of him without a struggle. His lips wet with saliva, dripping down Dean’s cock as he pulled away slightly before pushing back down until Dean’s cock disappeared completely. Would Cas moan around his cock? Would he let his teeth slightly graze the sides, pulling Dean right up to the edge? Would he take Dean’s balls into his hand and rub them.
“Guys,” Dean leans in close to the camera. “We’ve got ten-seconds left and we get ice cream. Bring in the ice cream man.”
“Shall we?” Dean gestured toward the door and Cas nodded.
[greeneyedhunter] Again, I am not seeing the bad here.
Castiel turned to come face to face with Anna, his handmaid. She was more of a friend than anything else. He wished he could call her his friend and that be it but Michael would not allow such things. His Uncle believed in the people within the Kingdom knowing their place and being who they were born to be. He prayed to never see the world as Michael saw it. But, for the time being, Michael was in charge and it was in Castiel's best interest to play nice.
I think if Cas has been in love with you for 19 years, or whatever, that you have been in love with him for 20.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean laughs. “Inevitably.”
How the hell could this be Heaven? Dean's heaven was a place where the love of his life died and left him a grief stricken single father just trying to make it day to day? That didn't sound like heaven. It didn't seem like a fitting hell either. Maybe he was crazy.
[angelofthursday] That is a lot of pressure.
“I will not hurt you,” Castiel told the fairy, meaning the words with all that he was. “Come on.”
A video pops on the computer showing a young boy standing in what appears to be a kitchen.
Dean looked back up at Castiel and watched as Castiel climbed onto the bed, fitting himself between Dean’s legs. He had a nervous smile on his face. Dean knew that this was probably not the easiest thing to do. They had been best friends for nearly twenty years and never once had anything sexual ever taken place between them. Still, with as strange as this started out and without them ever discussing it, this felt right. Castiel felt right in every way possible.
Castiel was hurt that Dean thought for even a moment that he would not arrive. Everything that Castiel did was for Dean. He had given up everything that he had ever known for Dean. Who would do that and then disappear when someone needed them the most? Though the track record of people in Dean’s life made him push away the hurt and try to be understanding. Now was not the time to feel angry toward Dean.
“Please,” Balthazar laughed. “Why would I be jealous of that shit blow job you gave?”
“Was just getting some air,” he choked out, his face turning slightly red. He turned his face away from Dean and Ruby, obviously aware that his face showed his embarrassment.  “I was not trying to interrupt anything.”
Dean swallowed and nodded his head, his cock twitching at the tone of authority coming from his husband. Whenever Castiel was serious, his voice grew deeper and even in situations where they were truly having a fight, Dean couldn’t help but get hard hearing that sound could out of the man.
“No one is there,” Castiel said to himself once more, his eyes filling with tears. That was probably the worst feature of being human. He hated tears.
“You are not going to die, Dean,” Castiel informed him.
[greeneyedhunter] Because I thought maybe I would get a chance.
“Why would you tell them?”
Because, you would end up hating me.
Castiel decided to join in on Dean’s enthusiasm and ripped at the paper, tossing it aside. Beneath the paper was a throw blanket, in the best shade of green Castiel could have ever hoped for.
“Fine,” Balthazar huffed. “I'll behave. But I will not pretend that I am having a good time while we are here.”
Dean turns his attention back to the box and works at peeling away all of the tape. Once he finally gets the top off, a laugh erupts from inside of him and it warms Castiel again. Inside the box was one hundred Little Debbie, Apple Pie, snack pies.
“Figures it had to do with food,” Cas throws back.
“Yes,” Principal Shurley confirmed. “As long as nothing like this happens again.”
"Of course, Dean."
__________________________________
Once Dean found Cas' mouth again, Cas kissed him like he was hungry for it. He needed to touch Dean just as much as Dean needed to kiss him. There was fire and something more electric between them. If Cas didn't believe this was real, he was crazy.
Castiel opened the door to the diner and stepped outside, Dean close behind him.
“Because I … I wanted …”
“Then twelve gold should be more than enough to take it off your hands.”
[angelofthursday] Have you ever been married, Dean?
Once the alcohol stopped working, they threw themselves into hunting. They chased every case they could find, killing and maiming. It was no longer about saving people. It was all about killing every evil son of a bitch Dean could get his hands on. Then one of them got the best of him and he was in the hospital. He was dying. Cas was by his side, constantly telling him that things were going to be okay, even though they both knew it was a lie.
“And,” Castiel continues, ignoring Dean’s smug attitude, “if we both tap out before the story is finished, and don’t worry, I know you all wanna hear how these finish, Charlie will read the rest. So, you’re not gonna be left hanging, wondering ‘what did Cas do’?”
Dean looked up at Castiel, unsure of what to say. He knew what he wanted to say, what he wanted to do but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He did not want to ruin what he was getting back. He had to hold it in if he wanted to keep his friend.
“Whatever Clarence,” she scoffed. “I can see that Dean here needs your undivided attention. I guess I will be the one that comes back tomorrow.”
