Cas sighed heavily, but admitted honestly, “We’ve talked about it a little. We did a scene several days ago that I could have taken the lead on, but I gave it to Michael. I think I’m a little nervous. Nothing like this has ever happened before, and as you all know, I could have done much more damage than I did. I can’t ever let that happen again.”
the area immediately!  The Fire Marshall will begin moving everyone out in five minutes if the walkways aren’t cleared, so if you don’t have a ticket, you need to find somewhere else to be!”  The Convention Coordinator had some lungs on her, and she put them to good use, herding the crowds away from the corridor down which The Facility contingent had gone.
“I’m fine.  I can go back in.”  Dean seemed to be strengthening by the second, recovering his equilibrium.  The guilt was gone; the little boy fading from his speech.  Cas nodded and took his hand, leading him back into the dining room where every seat except the two on the ends was still occupied.
“We’ve become too comfortable with your inability to use safewords. That needs to change.” Castiel took a bite of his meatloaf and chewed slowly, his eyes seeking Dean’s. Dean avoided him, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees.
I had the great honor of enjoying the breeze on Jensen's back porch last month while I began putting this chapter together. There is something bratty about writing fanfic in a place that belongs to the characters' avatar. I'm not a stalker. But if you're ever at Family Business Beer Company, I recommend the Cosmic Cowboy or Hamilton Pale Ale. Take your tablet and write smut.
April heard the front doorbell, but she ignored it. It would be someone from the Security building at the front gate bringing in a delivery. She barreled on, turning another page.
“Bring it, blondie,” he quipped back.  “I’ve been dying for an eyeful of that hot piece of ass you Mated.”
“Ahh!  Fuck!  Yes!” he cried, tightening his hand in her hair and forgetting about the condom for a moment.  Without letting go, she handed him the foil square, and he took it, ripping it open in his teeth.  She switched to play with his right nipple, while he rolled the rubber onto himself.
“Are you all right, boss?” asked the beta who would soon escort the boarders down for their first day of classes.
“What crawled up his ass?” Dean wondered before fixing his lips to the curve of Michael’s neck where it flattened into shoulder, and he began to suck. Michael threw his head back and moaned.
“So good,” the Dom confirmed, swishing light fingers across the backs of his thighs which brought chill bumps in their wake.
Sam looked taken aback.  “Dean?  I had no intention of parading him for show.  What the heck?  Where did that come from?”
Without warning, Castiel stopped licking and laid Dean out on the landing on his side.  Two assertive strides up the steps brought the Alpha to the landing himself.  He scooped Dean into his arms without breaking stride, turned him upright, still advancing across the landing, and slammed his back into the oak paneling perpendicular to the first rise of steps.  Dean grunted and clenched his eyes closed, losing his breath for a moment.  Castiel held him fully aloft with his arms beneath Dean’s thighs, leaning him into the wall for support.  He attacked Dean’s lips hungrily, and Dean mewled back, offering up everything his Sir might demand from him.
Had he told her that when she first met him, it would’ve pissed her off. But now she knew better. Michael had a way of giving people what they needed even if it wasn’t what they wanted. Jess sucked a breath in through her nose and steeled her jaw. He was right. She was stronger than that, stronger than this.
She smiled shyly again. “Sometimes I can, but where you’re concerned, Alpha, I have blind spots. Maybe it’s my Omega who can’t let its guard down that far. The world is dangerous for me, even now. I can’t trust easily.”
“I have … no idea what to think or what to feel right now, Dean,” she admitted. She seemed calm, but he’d seen her naked in more ways than one already, and he’d come to learn that her mask hid a great deal of turmoil.
Cas lowered his voice to a whisper.  “I’m so sorry, but…I didn’t know.  When we sleep as a foursome, you always seem fine with it.”
“I didn’t, Sir,” Dean protested bravely, stubbornly.  “I hesitated because it was a surprise.  It took me a minute to switch into the right gear.  Let’s start over.  Please, Alpha?  I can do this.”
“CEO? No,” Benny stated flatly. “Director of Operations over both, yes. But only if you fuckin’ clean up your act and fly straight. I never signed on for this under-the-table crap that Bobby’s got you pulling. I swear, if any of you pull another scheme like that shit again, I’m out for good. I can’t raise my pups and look at myself in the mirror and be a part of that. You hear me, Singer? Novak?”
“Which part?” asked Sam.  “It happens to everybody sometimes.  You’re free to use the Blue Doors too, Sarah.  As you say, red-blooded woman and all.”
Dean beamed.  “That’s your third word, Ace!  Look at you go, man.  Big kiss for Daddy!”  Kat wedged a pudgy hand in between Dean’s mouth and Alex’s cheek, earning herself a play growl from her Daddy and an attempt to catch that hand with his teeth as he descended the stairs.  She chortled at his snapping, pulling her hand free and ducking her body into his chest.  He laughed easily with them both, enjoying the simple playfulness of his pups and a weight off his shoulders now that his dreaded talk at Tessa’s was behind him.
Charlie’s face took on an earnest sympathy.  She took Meg’s hand.  “He doesn’t know about the offer yet, doesn’t know his scent matches yours.  The ball starts in your court, Meg.  If you want, you can say no without ever smelling his scent.  I don’t know if the dude speaks English, but what’s a language barrier when there’s good sex?  You get to review every option, take in the scent enough to get a feel for each hit.  You say who moves forward and who never even gets a chance to know what they’re missing.”
Balthazar threw his head back and laughed.  Michael waited for him to collect himself with a worried frown.  When the older man caught Michael’s expression, he stopped laughing.  “No, boy.  You’re still you.  You’re just growing up, that’s all.”
“Why is it only coming up now?” Dean asked.  “We’ve been Mated for over three months.  I knocked him up, Cas.  Your Alpha has been right there the whole time.  Why right now?  I sat there in front of you and confessed everything to you – how hurt I was that you waited for your mate’s nod before you came after me, how much my soul constantly longed to Mate you – you fucking
“Very good, Dean,” his teacher praised, and Dean blushed.  Damnit.  “Yes, ordinarily that’s true, but I have been blessed with an uncanny knack for predicting the outcome of the Keller test.  I don’t really need it to know where the data places you on the spectrum.  Although,” and Castiel angled his head to allow the raised eyebrow to have more effect, “You will need to complete your evaluation prior to the launch of any sexual activities between us.  I may know your Tertiary designation, but the test also pinpoints predispositions for a variety of kinks, and I would need to know those as well.”
She took a deep breath, thanked him shakily, then hung up. What a crappy day. April felt a faint nudge through the Mating-bond, and she sent a caress back along the line in reassurance. It echoed back again in a pleasurable tingle, too distant to feel very strong, but it was the thought that counted anyway. He knew from thirty thousand feet that she was distressed, and he was worried.
Ellen tried to focus on the rhythm of the nurse’s breathing, but she was so fucking tired and everything hurt so bad.  All she wanted was this Goddamned baby out of her – this light of her life that she’d prayed for, tried for, that she’d begged Bill to give her – all she wanted was to get the damned thing OUT!
The impromptu game broke up.  Dust drifted back to settle on the scuffled lawn.  Dean, sweaty and red-faced and glowing, laughed his way back to Castiel’s bench with two of his own pups in his arms and the other two skipping happily along behind him.  “Ice cream for the winners, Alpha?” he asked loudly enough to indicate he’d already promised as much to his brood.
They were a good pairing, and Cas let his eyes wander out into the spectators, many of whom were so engrossed in the stage show, they stood slack-mouthed and lusting. The smell was cloying. Cas would need a shower.
Dean pressed his mouth into a tight line and then lost his battle to keep it shut.  “Yeah, maybe so, Alpha, but this guy isn’t just anyone.  He’s not just
“The thing is, man, I mean, she’s right, isn’t she?  I’m not close to anywhere near your league.  You’ve got all this breeding and high society culture and shit, and I’m just a grease-monkey from the wrong side of the tracks.  I’m not good enough for you, Cas.  I’m sorry I freaked out and ruined dinner, but it kind of hit me in the face, I guess.”
Cas huffed, riffling Dean’s hair with his breath, and lowered his head to press his lips against Dean’s forehead.  “And if I tell you that’s not an acceptable solution?” Cas said softly, testing the new parameters for himself.
Cas smacked his lips.  “All right.  Back to business.  You two took longer than I allowed by, oh, let’s see, about three minutes.  Michael had an excuse, but I told you to come right back, Dean.  I’ll add on to your total for keeping me waiting.”  Cas turned Dean’s head and examined his swollen lips.  “You spent that extra few minutes kissing?  Really?”
“What…Why are you angry?  I just wanted to take advantage of the privacy to work on our duet.  For the wedding?”  She took a couple of tentative steps backward toward the piano bench.
“He deserves to be knocked down a peg, Dean.” Michael’s eyes followed Cain’s back. They burned with a fierce light. “I didn’t mean to get you swept up in it too. You were supposed to be exempt.”
April frowned and fidgeted in her chair. What was her wolf doing? Why was her head spinning? “Of course I do!” she blurted. “I love the piano. Matt says I’ve got enough natural talent and if I put the work in…”
“Oh, bloody hell!  That’s disgusting!”  Tony looked quickly away when Michael spit into the sink and turned on the faucet.  “Use the bulb-thing, man!”
Dean shot him a wry look that bitch-slapped him for being stupid. “No. Not really. You know better than that. Tell me everything. If I get mad, we’ll deal with it. Start at the beginning. What happened?”
Dean laughed and aimed a swat at Cas’ bare ass, but the Alpha caught his hand before it connected, twisted it up behind his back, bent him double, and landed a solid ten on his red backside.
Dean nodded in relief and went on, dodging the desire to trash the competition further.  “Look, I know it’s hard to find a match sometimes, but Portland’s not that small.  I know there’s gotta be someone who fits with you.  What’s your Sub-rating, if you don’t mind telling me?   …And my brother, and a thousand perfect strangers?”
“You promised me no one else would be executed.” Cas was still and cold. “Are Ruby and Alistair dead?”
“Yep, so then you grab one of these cups and pee up to this mark here.”  Rufus casually unzipped and pulled his penis out with one hand, aimed at the inside wall of the cup and filled it just to the mark, then capped it with one hand and tucked back in. Jody was impressed with his control. “You got more to give than the cup holds, you just aim into that little basin behind you.”  Jody turned and saw a tiny urinal on the wall at the back. ‘Oh, yeah. THAT would be convenient for women,’ she thought sarcastically. She imagined trying to squash her thighs and torso close enough to the wall to get positioned correctly and resolved to ask another female employee how it was done. But Rufus demonstrated, saving her, “You just pull it out by this little handle on the bottom and straddle. Then shove it back into the wall when you’re done.”
“I’m sure it won’t take that long, Dean. Michael flares up fast, but he calms down quickly too. Let’s just wait and see. We’ll give him some space and keep an eye on him.”
“Better than I did,” Michael admitted.  Gabe nodded and filled him a glass from the tray that had followed Michael magically from the parlor.  Michael took several sips.  He let April take the glass and help herself to a drink before setting it on the floor.  “My headache’s gone.  I don’t feel like puking my guts up.  That’s a nice change.”
Michael breathed deeply, frowning in concentration. “What am I smelling for? Is it a hormone change? Already?”
“You,” Michael pointed at him on his way back to the kitchen.  “Would have bought plane tickets on the spur of the moment and then been too stubborn to back out once the credit card payment went through.”
Dean caressed the top of Alex’s head and patted his chubby thigh. “Not a big deal, Ace. Accidents aren’t your fault. Remember we talked about that. Sometimes stuff happens when we’re asleep, and there’s nothing we can do about that. It happens.”
“Except for April,” said Sam.  “I don’t think he expected to Mate, especially not the woman he Mated.”
“Stop.  Michael, get a grip.  Stop it!  Nothing terrible has happened.  Nothing terrible is going to happen.  Listen to me!  Trust me!  I’m not going to let anything …”
“Aren’t you going to explore what you fought for?” she asked. “You won the prize, Michael. Don’t you want to see?” April sent a tempting sense of beckoning along the line that still shivered between them, and Michael dropped everything in his proverbial hands and hustled along after her, eager to see it for himself.
Kate rolled her eyes and chanted, “All right. Fine. I will give Kali a chance. It’s only for two days anyway. I’ll have my hands full of pups who think I’m hiding their mothers and who want to nurse at bedtime. I should be able to distract myself well enough.”
Nick waved him off.  “Two things, Alpha.  One.  She’s Omega.  She’s Ozzie.  The world’s not going to give two fucks for her unless she gets a springboard from somewhere.  Two.  She’s really fucking talented.  I would be out of my mind not to try to jump on her train before it leaves the station.  And don’t think this is altruism, man.  I expect a cut when she hits the big time.”
“Look,” said Dean pacifically.  “I’m not going to let it go too far.  I swear you can trust me.  What you need to remember is that I can take more than I should be able to.  I can take more than an Omega.  You just gotta trust me, Ben.  Unless you see bone sticking out, I’m fine.  It’ll heal.  God, man I
“Yes, ma’am. That’s me. There’s been a surname change since we made the appointment.” April sniffled uncomfortably.
“Tell you what,” he said flatly.  “I’ll grant you the sex is awesome, and the connection is incredible.  You got me there.  But do you really think a hypersensitive nerve ending or two is worth having no personal rights?  Having no legal standing?  Having to watch a fog fall over your brain so slowly you can’t even tell it’s happening until you’re staggering around like a drunk sailor, and then finding that the only way out of that fog is to bare your ass to some jumped up muscle-laden prick and have it
Michael rubbed his nose over Dean’s chest as if scratching an itch.  He’d grown quieter and more contemplative.  Dean wondered where his thoughts had taken him.  His emotions were a confusing mix.  Finally, he spoke quietly.  “I used to fantasize about you.  Did you know that?”  Dean shook his head.  It was too tight a position for them to meet each other’s eyes, but Dean knew Michael could see his movement peripherally.
“The fuck are you talking about, man?”  Dean wasn’t really listening. He was considering different cuts of steak for dinner and trying to remember if the hotel restaurant had more than one type of pie as he trawled his Twitter feed.
Cas grunted as he extracted his tablet and booted it up. “Take us through a drive-thru, for all I care. We have far more critical things to discuss.”
He went on, a twinkle in his eye giving away that something was coming. “But it’s your first musical release ever, am I right?”
Sam stood in the doorway of the room he shared with his mate in the Manor house, watching her watch the twins sleep from her place stretched out on the bed.  He had meant to bundle his family back home this evening, for all of their sakes, but Jess looked peaceful and comfortable, and Sam wondered if she might be better off staying.  Certainly the pups thrived here with all the hands and warm smiles ready to lend aid to their care, but it was Jess who held Sam’s eye.  She was lost to a dreamy, sensuous state of mind as she lay out on her side, idly stroking one finger along Hank’s cheek.  The pup twitched in his sleep.
And Cas felt chills as he recognized himself in the prisoner.  He, too, was shackled and impotent without allies.  He, too.  This song was Castiel’s as much as it was April’s, and the universal theme came round full circle.
Gabe’s question wasn’t going to get an answer from Cas, but he smiled to himself anyway. No, even in Rut, in the thickest of his hormonal need, even at his most alpha, Dean never wanted to Top when they cycled together. They had toys that let Dean work through his need to thrust into something warm and wet. Cas willingly, happily let Dean use his mouth to alleviate the alpha burn. He took both of their hard, straining members in-hand and they fucked themselves to chafing in the tunnel of their hands. But until recently, no one, not even Dean, had ever propositioned fucking Cas for real. All those cycles, and Dean had never—not once— Topped anyone inside the H/R room during a Rut of his own. Castiel always asked, didn’t Dean want to bring an Omega in on his Ruts? Someone cute and sweet from the contract rooms? Dean just laughed and said no. He didn’t want anyone there but Cas, and he never seemed damaged by the strange way they maneuvered through his Rut.
“Adam,” Michael soothed. His voice was silken and gentle, a caress that reached inside the Omega and held him close, cherished. “You’re beautiful and so, so good. Are you ready, my boy? You deserve to feel so good. You don’t have to do anything at all. You can’t do anything, can you? I’ve tied you up, and made you take it, haven’t I? That means you don’t have to do anything in return.” Michael stroked Adam’s body lovingly. “You can let go and feel. No guilt. No actions. Just feel and don’t come until I’m ready for you to. It’s going to be a good one, Son. I promise.”
Cas growled and threw the blanket off.  He shoved Dean onto his belly and delivered ten swift strikes to his left upper thigh.  “I decide when you’re too sore to play, Dean.  Not you.”
“It’s your loss.  Missed opportunity.  Sam forbid me from any Dominant behavior with you until we hashed out our agreement, so this is a small window that’s closing fast, alpha.  You sure you don’t want in?”
“Second, Dean, I want to scene with you.  Regularly.  I believe you and I are ideally suited to keep each other balanced.  I have had a terrible time of late finding anyone who fits the bill – at all, actually.”  Castiel had held Dean’s eye through his offer, and he looked to be serious, but what the fuck?
“If we try it for a few weeks, and discover that it’s not working for us, we can try something else,” he explained carefully.  “But, Dean, I need you to fully realize the shift we made together.  I’m going to uphold my side of that, even in the face of everything your brat might throw at us.  You can trust me not to back down.  I’m going to be consistent in a way I believe you crave from me.  I’m not putting you in a cage, love.  I’m not going to make you suffer for long periods.  You don’t need long denial sessions.  But you do need a chance to butt your own will up against mine.  And I’ll let you in on a secret, Winchester.  Come here.”  Cas pulled Dean in and whispered gruffly in his ear.  “My will is stronger.”
Sweat flew from the tips of Castiel’s hair and dribbled down his throat to coat his chest.  He surged forward, following the call of his wolf to subsume his Sub, setting first one knee up on the bed and then the other.  He fell to the pull of gravity over Dean’s back, and he rucked up into him in possessive rage, covering his entire body as he rutted, adding everything he could to make Dean’s pain sing inside their bonds.
He nodded and patted his lap.  “That’s all I needed to hear,” he said.  “Shed the blue jeans and mount up.  This part is easy.  It’s negative reinforcement – classic conditioning.  I’m going to help you make a different choice next time by associating an unpleasant experience with this choice.  Capiche?”
The Omega nodded.  “All right, Dean.  It’s just you and me in this huge house for the next few days.  I want to try out some of the exercises Hannah wrote up for me; the ones I’ve been avoiding.  Will you help me with them?”
“Nah, man, it’s just a quick experiment in Secondary behavior patterns. It’ll all make sense in the seminar. But I need you in on it from the outset. You game?” Dean guided him in. “We’ve got a reward for you if you say yes. And it’s completely painless.”
“Only if you want me to.  We’re all four sleeping here tonight, but I can arrange you to get a cozy spot right up next to your girlfriend.  Yeah?  Game?  You don’t have to say anything.  In fact, better if you don’t.  Shh.  They’re coming back.”
“You and Sam could move in, you know,” April suggested, sitting down beside her with her feet tucked beneath her. “There’s room. It bothers Castiel to have you so far away. It’s almost like you’re not fully Pack, but you are. Of course, you are.”
“But you think…?”  That had been a swift and wild ride through a torrential downpour of emotion.  Michael buried everything he could as fast as he could.  Focusing on Gabriel, he set his jaw and brought his mind back to the present.  He felt Dean doing the same.
“Michael,” she said right in his ear.  The bed rocked with the furious pace of his movement.  “Fuck me, Michael,” she panted, loving the hard fast rhythm.
“That’s uncalled for, Jess.  My employer has some pretty significant work that needs to get done too, but we don’t sacrifice people to do it.”
“You’re making a thing out of something that isn’t a thing, Sammy,” Dean protested.  “Let her keep the money.  She won it outright.”
“The images, the vision started after we’d untied.  Just after, I think.  I woke up in the dirt, and you were…cleaning me with your tongue.  You were cleaning my ass.”
“We can find another manager,” Cas posed.  “If he’s not gelling with April anyway, maybe he’s not the one.”
Dean’s Rut hormones were fading quickly. He was essentially through, but Michael still had a day left. He wondered how they were going to finish.
“Jack, listen to me.”  Kelly found his eyes with hers.  “She’s going to love everything about you.  Your work here has been transformative to a whole community of Omegas.  You are an incredible man, and you’re going to be just fine.  And you found yourself a True-Mate, baby.  Do you get how rich that is?  It’s not all going to be easy, but a lot of it will be like you were made for each other.  If you don’t want to be Topped, she’s your True-Mate, and she’s not going to want that either.  You match.  It’s not like other partners you’ve had.  It’s like going home, only better.  Believe me, Jack.  I’ve been where you are.  I know.”
Please note that Melodina's wonderful graph is now linked to the fic.  Check it out.  We will add Michael when it's time.
Castiel found him sprawled naked on the master bed, his face set in a scowl, and one foot pulsing to a beat inside his head.  His eyes were open and staring at the ceiling.  He was waiting, and he was all brat.  Cas huffed a disbelieving irritated huff at the blatant attempt to manipulate him and strode on through without speaking.  He stripped his soaked t-shirt over his head as he walked, flashing a breathtaking view of the musculature of his shoulders and back.  He didn’t care whether it was turn-about or not.
The simple truth was that Castiel Novak wanted Dean Winchester desperately, and Dean didn’t even realize that the teacher existed as anything but a stone to be crossed on his way to meet his goal. Dean didn’t know he was alive.
“Off you go, then. Take some breakfast with you. I hope you know where your clothes are. I’m afraid I didn’t keep track last night.” Cas picked his paper back up and turned a few pages, ignoring Adam as the Omega dropped a sweet kiss upon Sarah’s disappointed lips. Cas ignored Jo and Jack sharing a single chair serving themselves breakfast with a groggy, post-coital closeness. But his forbearance was a ruse, and the moment he was certain Adam was out of earshot, Cas set his paper back down and fixed his eyes on Sarah.
“I’m lost without you,” she admitted. “Jess and Kali help, but they don’t want to overstep, so they leave the decisions to me, and I keep looking around for you.”
“Touch yourself, Michael,” he urged. “I want you to help me take her apart. I need you hard, my little sex toy. Get yourself revved.”
She’d gone lax and still, her muscles slack, her eyes dry.  She turned to look at him.  Blinking peacefully.  He blew out a long breath and looked her in the eye.  He tumbled back to lay beside her.  He reached a hand out and tucked her hair behind her ear.
Sam had circled back to the front where Sarah had the laptop set up to project videos to the screen up front.  He nodded to her, and she clicked into the first one.
“Your husband has been on birth control most of his life.  Orders it through the family account at the pharmacy we all use.  You know his prescription is overdue?  By three weeks?  I only know because it goes across my desk, and when the auto-renewal was cancelled, the pharmacy called the number on the account, not the patient.  They called me, Kali.  Something you wanna tell us?”
“No!  I want you there.  I do.  But I want you there getting hot, not getting pissed.  Or worried.  Promise me?”
Michael watched him pace.  “What’s it for?  This play room?  Who uses it, and what do they get there that they can’t get somewhere else?”
Michael turned slowly to face him and leaned against the wall just inside the door. A perfectly taxidermized elk head mounted above his head served as his back-up, lending him gravity. “I’m sorry about your nightmares, Dean. I didn’t know. I wish you’d told me sooner. I think I know what they look like from inside our bonds, but you never seemed out of sorts after one of the orange-toned dreams, so I didn’t know what they were. You cover for them very well.”
“Where are you staying?” Cas asked during the interminable wait for the scent readings to come through and the room’s readiness to be signaled. Claire looked up at him through her messy side-braid and smudged kohl eyeliner.
Castiel took it in. He let his gaze fall to the front of Victor’s desk where a long scratch scarred the front surface. He breathed. He processed. Finally, he looked up and spoke. “Victor, would your training department be too adversely affected if I transferred Dean back to Kansas?”
They were interrupted by Michael’s voice as the Omega tugged a distraught Dean into the kitchen by his wrist. “Because you need to step out for a few minutes, Dean.” Cas stepped up quickly, but Michael shook his head. “Jessica, do you have a knee pillow we could borrow? My Sub needs a timeout.” She nodded and disappeared into the hallway.
“What about this instead…?” she posed, and she played it again.  It sounded the same to Cas, but Mark nodded.  Cas slipped around and sat silently at the far table, pulling his phone out for a quick sweep through email while she finished up.  It didn’t take long.  Mark took a seat across from him while April argued with Matt about pacing or something.
“Calling me Naomi will be fine, as always, Dean.  I am thrilled to welcome you to the Novak Pack.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make your transition more comfortable.  I know there may be a bit of a culture shock from what you’re accustomed to.”
Cas pulled one thumb out and reached between Dean’s legs to pull his cock backward.  He licked at the tip, coaxing and sucking just the head, and Dean’s breathing lost all regularity.  He huffed and panted.  His thighs trembled.
Ketch let out a plaintive and furious keen into the dirt, and he struggled again, but he got nowhere. Benny had him pinned. Benny planted a palm at the back of the beta’s neck, his fingers splayed up into his hair, and he pushed his torso up. With his other hand, he yanked at Ketch’s pants, first one side and then the other until he had the fabric down below the turn of the beta’s backside. His briefs disappeared in a burst of ripping fabric that had Ketch shouting out in pain and scuffling for freedom again.
Dean subsided, but he grimaced when Cas bent him back down to examine the damage.  “You look good, baby.  No tearing.  Minimal bruising.  The pain will fade rapidly.”
“We want you to be in the room when he enters, but stay on your feet, kay?” Charlie led Jody in and took her robe, checking the contact points of the electrodes on her chest and belly. “You know the rules. Work through your wolf and let it have what it wants. If you need to challenge or fight, go ahead and do it. We won’t let it go too far. Draw him out a little if you think you can. Just be super aware of what your wolf wants to do and don’t get caught up in fighting just from your ego. It’s not about you.”
“No,” she disagreed.  “I can’t explain it.  I didn’t think anyone was there, but I couldn’t get the sensation out of my head that the strongest force was right here instead of where I was looking for it.”  She seemed perplexed, skeptical of her own perceptions.
“And that’s my cue,” Dean told them as Jack scuttled back under the covers and into the warm orbit of his mate.
She leaned forward and patted his knee. “You have enough on your mind with that scared, broken pup up at the hospital who needs you. Your children need you. Your mate, your Pack Alpha…everyone needs you, Michael. I’m very, very proud of you.”
Sam got himself reoriented, and the feedback faded.  “Better?” he asked, tapping the mic.  “Better.  All right.  Everyone has a drink?  We’re toasting again.  All set?”
“Kitten,” Cas said softly.  “Get dressed.  Michael, you too.  We’ll meet you in a little bit.  The knot won’t take long to deflate.  I’d like a few minutes alone with my husband.”
April broke cover around Michael and snatched his hand again. She moved with surprising stealth. Michael wondered if sneaking around the corridors was how she kept so abreast of everyone’s business. He wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer.
“I know. It was stupid. But it’s too late to cry over it now. I’m worried about leaving him for a couple of days. He needs a tight leash, and he needs it from an alpha. It’s really shitty timing. I’d take him into the H/R room with me but we’re nesting, Ben. My alpha doesn’t want anyone near its mate right now. Dean might actually get bit if he’s too close to her before we conceive. I have to isolate for the first two days.”
. Like, what do you find attractive? What do you like?” Dean slid his stool a little closer so that they were elbow to elbow. “Okay, look at her, right there. The one in the blue.” He pointed toward a curvy blonde in a tight dress chatting with a shy-looking man at the corner of the bar. “Do you find her attractive?”
When Cas looked at Dean for an explanation, Dean shrugged. “It’s your first day as a human… Happy Birthday.”
Sam paused with a pang of guilt as he thought of his father. They had never lived an apple-pie kind of life, at least not since their mother was alive, but it suddenly felt as though the little inkling of family that they had salvaged over the years was falling apart at the seams now.
Castiel smirked and obliged, washing his own hands before standing at Dean’s side as he opened the packages of ground beef and dropped them into the bowl. He pulled out a few containers of spices from a rack above the stove, dumping in generous amounts without measuring. Then, without warning, he grabbed Castiel’s hands and shoved them down into the meat.
and Dean had no good reason not to allow himself to enjoy it. When he turned his head, he couldn’t hold back a smile. Cas’s eyes were locked on the screen, his expression focused, absorbing the ridiculous story unfolding on screen. Dean would be satisfied just to watch Cas watch television all day. He eventually nudged Cas with his shoulder, but when he looked, Dean had nothing to say. Instead he just smiled. And when Cas smiled back, Dean didn’t hate it.
As expected, the room matched the rest of the place—plush pink carpet and striped wallpaper. However, what was
Charlie and Dean had developed an odd but meaningful friendship during high school. They met in detention where both were frequent visitors, and gradually the two became friends. Dean had placed his trust in her, opening up about his life at home with his father, who’d gone a bit off the rails after his mother’s death. Charlie had promised to always be there for him and had lived up to that promise. Last month, she’d even managed to rope Dean into one of her LARPing events, playing the role of handmaiden to the queen of Moondoor, who, of course, happened to be Charlie herself.
They both reached for the remote at the same time, Cas reaching it first, and Dean’s traitorous hand paused for just a millisecond too long on top of Cas’s. So, while Cas turned off the television, Dean quickly ducked under the covers, turning on his side to hide the redness that was most certainly creeping over his face right now.
“Are you sure you don’t want us to stick around?” Sam asked, ignoring the way Dean was smirking at him.
Pushing Dean flat onto his back, Castiel moved lower still, now sliding the boxers down his long bowlegs. He took his time, letting his hands trail down the man’s body with them, inch by inch, until he pulled them off completely, tossing them aside. He circled his hands around Dean’s ankles before gliding them back up once more, slowly, as though he were memorizing every inch of skin. His hands at last found a home at the back of Dean’s thighs.
“Sam! I’ve been trying to get your brother—Castiel’s been in an accident. He’s on his way to the hospital now, and I can’t get Dean—” He felt frantic, desperate to get the message to Dean. This was important. This
Castiel’s face flushed happily and he nodded his thanks. Gabriel gave him another quick smile and headed back into the hallway.
She rolled her eyes, but changed direction to follow Dean into the parking lot. They stayed quiet for much of the drive, with the exception of Meg’s directions. Once they’d turned into her neighborhood she let a little smirk flit across her face.
After finishing nearly a whole pizza on his own, Dean leaned back into the sofa contently, one hand bringing a cold beer to his lips while the other stretched languidly across the back of the sofa. If his thumb occasionally brushed the curve of Cas's neck, it had been completely by accident. The first time it happened Dean could feel Cas tense up, glancing at him with pink cheeks. Dean had to hide a tiny smirk behind his bottle. The blushing was a new thing, a side-effect of Cas’s unfortunate lack of grace, that Dean selfishly enjoyed. The second time Cas had actually tilted his head ever-so-slightly, and Dean wondered if the movement was intentional. And the times after that? Well… they were just for fun.
the date. And after lunch with Charlie, it’s dinner at Bobby’s with Jo and Sam. Trust me, it’ll be a full day of gossip,” he said with a grimace.
He slid his key into the lock but paused before turning it. He quirked up one corner of his mouth in an attempt to lighten the mood and gave Dean his best puppy eyes. “You know, it’d be a shame for you to have come this far for nothing. Would you like to come in?”
As they both climbed closer to the edge, they moved faster, pushed harder. Their bodies crashed together in perfect rhythm. Castiel held on to Dean with one hand on his shoulder and the other gripping his hip with bruising fingertips.
Dean had expected the message to be from Charlie or maybe even Jo since Castiel and Sam were already in the same room, but he was surprised to see Lisa’s name at the top of the screen.
“I’m not worried about the fucking bike,” Dean bit at him. If he had to take his frustrations out on someone, he figured his dad probably deserved it anyway. John’s attention remained on the road.
Dean’s heart was racing. It wasn’t his first kiss; hell, he’d kissed plenty of girls. And yeah, it was his first kiss with a man, but that wasn’t why his heart felt like it was humming like the wings of a hummingbird. It was because
Anna glanced to Ellen who nodded encouragingly. “I was hoping that—since you’re living here now—that maybe you’d let me take over your lease… so I can stay. With my promotion, I’m not tied to the office anymore and I—well, I miss my baby brothers.”
The closer they got to leaving, the more anxious Dean grew. He paced around, checking and double checking the room, making sure they’d packed all their belongings that had migrated to the hospital over the past week. He wrote notes about Castiel’s medication and he studied the physical therapy schedule they’d been handed that morning.
Dean’s eyes widened and he stared like a deer caught in headlights. It took him a moment to recover himself, scrubbing his hands over his face and straightening up his clothing. He didn’t, however, realize that his hair was standing up on one side from sleeping against Castiel’s side all night.
“…good to see you’re awake. I’m Dr. Hendricks. You were in an accident today. Can you tell me your name?”
Cas nodded again and disappeared back through the door. Dean turned the radio off, pulled his damp shirt back on, and finished drying Baby in silence.
he asked, sitting on the opposite side of the bed, one foot still on the floor, the other knee up on the bed so he could face the old tube-style television that sat on an old painted dresser. “Wait, is this in—?”
Castiel knew he had to pump the brakes before they got carried away, though getting carried away was
He glanced in the rearview mirror at John’s truck parked behind him. He’d have to wait until John moved it before he could back out of the driveway. He planned drive it back to Bobby’s tomorrow night and catch a ride home with Dean after dinner, and the thought led his attention back to Dean who was now loading his toolbox into the Impala’s trunk.
Dean surged forward. Their lips crashed together, probably too hard, but there was a sense of urgency behind it, a desperation—a
He spotted another angel a few minutes later, though this one was much smaller—a silver pendant. This angel had dark wings and dark hair, and Dean imagined that, in color, this angel probably had piercing blue eyes. He didn’t look delicate like the weeping angel. This angel was a protector—a shield. He was a guardian angel. Dean reached out for the pendant, rubbing a thumb over the engraving as if committing it to memory, then held it closer to read the small inscription on the back.
“I know she’s not exactly the same as she once was, but she’s whole again.” John’s tone and the deep sigh that followed gave the impression that he may have been talking about more than just the restored Harley that was now the center of attention.
“Gabriel,” Castiel interrupted, not wanting to hear the rest of that sentence. “She drives you crazy. I get it. Is there a point to this story?”
“Yeah, more of a project, really. Do you think—is there any chance you’d come by the house today? I could really use your input.”
When he was done, he tiptoed back through the bedroom and out into the kitchen. He couldn’t cook as well as Dean, but he’d learned the basics over the last few weeks, so he figured he’d get breakfast started. He rummaged through the refrigerator to find some eggs and bacon and he shoved a few slices of bread into the toaster. He was moving the last of the sizzling bacon to a plate with a pair of tongs when Dean finally emerged from the bedroom.
He shook his head quickly and laughed nervously. “No, no, nothing wrong. It’s just…,” he took a deep breath to inflate his confidence, ”Dean and I haven’t been together for that long. But it just—it feels like he’s just always been a part of my world. And I—I was thinking about… I was thinking about the future, and…”
Ruby separated herself from Sam without question and pulled on her own coat. Sam looked annoyed, but not hurt, Dean noticed. As the sisters headed back to the door, Castiel stepped back inside facing their glares as they passed him without speaking. Once they were gone, he slumped back into the booth beside Dean.
“I think that would be lovely,” Cas said as Dean accepted their key. Marla beamed as they bid her goodnight and left the lobby.
Dean chuckled, leaning against the hood of the Impala to let the butterflies settle as he typed out his response.
Dean looked up but didn’t say a word. He shook his head slightly. Castiel moved to sit beside him, reaching over to run a hand across his shoulders in an attempt to comfort him. Dean leaned sideways and Castiel draped his arm around his back.
Dean waved goodbye to his brother as he dropped him off in front of their childhood home. Sam lived with their father, John, though it wasn't unusual for John to be absent for days, even weeks at a time. He’d currently been gone for eleven days since the last time he’d shown his face at home. After the death of Mary Winchester, Sam and Dean had essentially lost both of their parents. At fourteen, Dean had tried taking on the role of ten-year-old Sam’s caretaker, but in the end, it was John’s friend Bobby that stepped in as their guardian.
Gabriel looked Dean up and down before letting out a low whistle. “Niiiice job, baby bro. He’s even hotter than I expected.” Dean’s brows raised in surprise and Castiel closed his eyes in exasperation.
—freed from his own fears, freed from hiding such an important part of himself, freed from the secrets.
be tolerated! Your kart must be at a complete stop before you touch the bottle. I’ll be the police officer for the first round, and if I catch you drinking and driving, there will be
The shop was larger than he expected it to be. He wandered through rows of knick-knacks and novelties, and he browsed shelves filled with colorful toys. A cute stuffed bee with curly antennae caught his eye and when he picked it up, he smiled at the words “Bee Well” embroidered onto its wing. He tucked it under his arm as he moved on to peruse a spinning tower of cards and envelopes.
Both looked at the group again, just in time to see Dean laughing wholeheartedly at something Castiel had just said. Castiel beamed at Dean in response.
“No, can’t say it is.” He closed the hood with a slam, staring for a moment. “Dean, I stayed because he wanted me here. I thought—,” he stopped short, shaking his head, “you know what? It doesn’t even matter.”
“Yeah, what was that about?” he asked keenly. Sam gave him a pointed look and Dean finally rolled his eyes and nodded. “Okay, well, yeah, I know exactly what it was about, but I mean… I’ve never heard him talk like that before.”
Dean laughed, covering his face with his palm. Something about that dorky sense of humor just made his heart flutter.
The nod was slight and the hand that squeezed Dean’s knee was warm. “I’m sure. You should at least see what she wants. Besides, that means I can take the Harley to work.”
By the time Castiel put his shoes and belt on and slipped into his jacket, it was time to get on the road. Dean hesitated, inhaling deeply through his nose and releasing a long huff in an attempt to settle his nerves.
“Where is it?” Dean repeated. His eyes were a dangerously dark shade of green and Cas had to swallow hard.
He moved down the driveway between the vehicles, turning his attention to his truck. He opened the door and climbed in, starting the engine and shutting the door without saying a word. When his truck backed out and sped off down the road, the noise in Dean’s ears began to fade.
“Y’all going to just sit there and watch?” Patience said as she passed by them, carrying her fair share of the wooden totes.
“Have you called anyone to ask if they’ve seen him? He could be staying with someone.” Sam inquired.
It only took a moment for Dean to reach the front door; the sound of Ellen’s voice certainly put a jump in his step. Jo was outside removing boxes from an old pick-up and stacking them on the gravel. Directly beside her, Claire sat on the hood of her station wagon lighting a cigarette.
“Roy?” Dean asked, his voice shaking. Dean darted his eyes down and then across the room to Cas and back up to Roy. Roy’s hand was still sitting heavily on Dean’s shoulder. Roy was an old hunting buddy of John’s. Most of the men John hunted with had a soft spot for Sam and Dean, more so than John himself. Roy wasn’t the same way.
“Oh, uhm yes of course Cas, is… everything alright?” Jody answered softly hoping not to scare him off, he shouldn’t be alone.
If any one has noticed, all the chapters are named after songs or films. This one is 'Straight To Hell' by Hollerado.
“Damn, had a bit too much to drink, Dean?” Sam replied, he too had been drinking but only appeared to be tipsy.
“I do have one more surprise to brighten the night. Heaven isn’t the same when you know you have loved ones who didn’t make it here. Without further ado, our guests of honor have arrived.” Jack continued.
“Hold out your hand” Cas said to Dean. Dean looked taken back but after a moment stretched out his hand, trusting Cas fully. Cas gently guided the bee into Dean’s palm. Dean stared down into his hand, his instinct to harm the bee slowly faded away from him. He watched closely as the bee investigated his hand.
As Dean forcefully slid his hand through Cas’ hair to pull his head towards him, the sound of footsteps sent panic through their bodies. In an instant Dean’s hands were at his side and Cas was sliding off the counter. Cas, usually on the swift, agile side of things, became a clumsy mess on his way down. His right foot hit the cupboard handle while his left ankle nearly gave out. He managed to not completely face plant, only thanks to Dean grabbing his shoulder out of protective instinct.
As Jody retreated around the corner, Claire leaned in focused on Cas. Cas sat with his hands laying in his lap, head down staring at his palms.
“oh shit sorry, I always forget” Jody laughed awkwardly, she’d never get used to someone who doesn’t eat, drink, or sleep. She wasn’t sure how to care for Cas, when Claire was upset she’d make her a Tuna Casserole. It was no one’s favorite dinner except Claire. Jody never understood why she loved it so much, after all it was canned tuna, canned cream of chicken soup, noodles and pre shredded cheese. It was an okay dinner to most people, but to Claire it was the ultimate comfort food. When Alex had a rough day, all it took was a movie, hot chocolate and an extra comfy bed. But how on earth do you comfort an angel who was alive to see movies invented? Hell, we was alive when chocolate was invented too.
A panic began to grow in Dean’s chest he wanted their conversation to end. He had told Sam they got separate hotel rooms for ‘Privacy Reasons’. But the reality was Dean and Cas were sharing a hotel room, and a hotel bed.
Cas’ head hung low and he avoided her persistent attempts at eye contact. His eyes darted back and forth, pointed to the ground. Despite existing for eons, Cas still struggled to form simple conversations.
“Cas, I’ve known long before this” Jody said softly, Cas eyes darted up to hers “Most of us have known”
Breaking the finally peaceful air, Dean spat out “Oh fuck- I’ve got to find Benny” Dean’s eyes darted rapidly around the room before he took off towards the booths in the back corner.
He studied it with his entire heart. Cas’ messy shirt and slightly twisted tie, Cas’ face wrinkled in that consistent confused expression that Dean loved. Dean wished he could reach through the photo and fix his tie, instead he gently rubbed his thumb across the photo. The edges of the photograph had begun wrinkling from how frequently he did this. Cas was wearing the pale cowboy hat Dean had picked out for him. At the time, Cas really didn’t understand why Dean would want a photo, he thought it was impossible that Dean was looking at him in, that way.
In a quiet, but angry tone Dean whispered “You knew?” to Sam. Avoiding eye contact, Sam winced nervously.
“John.” Cas growled under his breath, his fists clenched in his lap and his eyes flashed bright blue light for a moment. “I understand”
He set his away message for his email, reminding his patients and co-workers that he’d be out until Wednesday since he’d be taking a 4-day weekend for Christmas, and packed up his bag. He shivered as he remembered the temperature outside and that fact that he’d be riding his Harley to Dean’s place where it would be put safely into hibernation for the rest of the winter in the garage. He pulled his leather jacket on over the fleece pullover with the hospital’s logo, clicked his desk lamp off, and headed toward the elevator.
“Yeah. Candles, oil, tequila, set off the fire alarms—it was a whole thing,” he said in a rush, as though this were not the important part of his story. After a small pause, realization formed across his face and he sat up to face his brother accusingly. “By the way, you would have
“Oh, what a shame!” Marla waved hand toward a poster beside the desk. “The Rose Festival is this weekend and the whole town will be out. We’re nearly booked up here.” Her gleeful smile was evidence enough that the little town didn’t often get visitors.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas wants us to take a ride on his bike tomorrow.” His tone made it clear that he thought that this was a terrible idea.
So, instead, he drank. He drank to numb the pain, to dull the images of Cas being swallowed up and dragged away, to quiet the echoes that rattled in his skull all day and night.
“So, you’re moving,” John said, rubbing the back of his neck while looking toward Sam. It wasn’t a question, but Sam nodded all the same. “That… that’s good, Sammy. I, uh—you deserve better than this.” He gestured at the room around them with its dusty furniture and faded wallpaper. There was another minute of silence before John began again.
When Dean reached across the table and covered Cas’s hand with his own, he was blinded with emotion again.
Sam let out a sigh of relief as he made his way back around to the driveway. Dean was dropping his tools back into the box and wiping his hands on a rag.
Dean’s hand was holding Castiel’s more and more tightly, and he thought that Dean’s grip was probably the only thing keeping him there. He wanted nothing more than to disappear into the throng of people, but he stood with false confidence at Dean’s side.
After a few silent minutes of contemplation, Sam closed the truck’s roll-down door and the pair made their way inside. Jess was taking an inventory of the sparse kitchen while Castiel was lining books onto the shelves above the alcove desk that had sold Sam on the place.
“We’re going out tonight, yes, but we’ve seen each other several times this week already,” he answered casually, choosing to ignore the second question.
He scribbled a note and left it on the nightstand beside Castiel’s phone, stepped back into his boots, and pulled on his jacket before following Sam down to his car.
Sam recognized Castiel’s puppy eyes technique and silently commended him on his exceptional pouty face. It didn’t take long for Dean to melt.
“Oh no. Are you guys okay? I know you’ve both been, uh, going through some stuff.” Sam appreciated the concern in Charlie’s tone, and he smiled as he thought of how lucky he and Dean were to have her as a friend. Even though she was Dean’s friend first, she’d always been there for both without judgement, a rock for them to lean on.
brother. You know what he’s like.” A smile threatened to cross her lips, so she quickly stuck the lollipop into her mouth and turned to slap the button that would close the doors and get the car moving again. Now that he knew her a little better and could read through the snark, Castiel liked Meg. Indeed, she reminded him of his mischievous brother.
Dean held up his hand to stop him and flashed one of those half-smiles that always made Castiel melt. “Just open it.”
, the angel that pulled him from Hell, the angel that watched over him as he slept, the angel that liked peanut butter and honeybees.
His hands lifted, finding Castiel’s neck and jaw. The scratch of stubble ignited a new excitement, but it was nothing to the sound of Castiel’s whispered growl in his ear. “Dean…” He felt the electricity in his fingertips and his toes, and the bulge in his jeans suddenly begged for attention.
the hot nurse Gabe’s having a ‘night in’ with tonight, huh?” he teased, throwing his arm around Castiel’s shoulders.
Once Jo was free from the confines of the bar, the group of friends managed to snag the only extra-large corner booth in the place.
The day dragged on, but when he got Castiel’s text saying he wouldn’t be able to meet for lunch in the hospital cafeteria today because of a department meeting, time seemed to slow to a crawl. With an hour left before he was due at the coffee shop to meet Lisa, he decided to clean up early then sat on a rolling stool to send a quick message.
Dean reached within the pile of blankets and pulled out the stuffed giraffe, placing it safely on the edge of the circle.
Dean didn’t move an inch and had eventually allowed his mind to go blank. He was mostly numb by the time Gabriel arrived, jumping when Gabriel patted him on the shoulder.
“Cas, this is probably the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen,” Dean said seriously as he leaned against the kitchen island and gestured to Castiel who was standing at the stove cooking bacon in his underwear and Dean’s old Guns ‘n Roses t-shirt. “Matter of fact, don’t move.”
After the third episode, Castiel was starting to feel restless. Free days like this didn’t come along often and he wasn’t used to having nothing to do. But today, at least, they could do anything they wanted, he thought.
“Maybe it’s better this way,” he said in a low voice, not moving his head from its place on Castiel’s chest.
, and he melted into the embrace. It was overwhelming, and his eyes burned with emotion. Was he crying? He’d never cried before.
“Of course, I’m the guy. Right, Cas?” Dean grinned proudly with a wink at Castiel before turning back to the girl. “I know you… Jody’s kid, right?”
She reached over to pat the teenagers’ joined hands lovingly. “Yeah, they really are. They’ve both come a long way.” She tilted her head a little as she looked between Castiel and Dean. “I didn’t realize you two knew each other. Small world.”
Dean stepped back, holding Castiel’s face in his hands, and Castiel’s eyes locked onto the green eyes staring back at him.
“Surgery? For what? Is he awake yet?” Dean ran his hand roughly through his hair. He turned when he felt a heavy hand on his back, finding John standing beside him. He was surprised when, instead of shooing Dean away from the nurse he was badgering, he stood at his side waiting for answers.
Dean gripped the headboard, pulling himself partially upright. He rocked his hips back driving Castiel deeper to hit the bundle of nerves that had stars flashing in his eyes. He couldn’t have held back the low moans and pleasured gasps if he’d tried.
He knew he had to return her. There was no other option. He was too aware of the pain that comes from knowing that something you love is out there. He knew the pain of wanting that something to be returned to you. He felt it all the time now, even in the moments when he thought he was coping.
The road ahead was clear and dark. Sam had joined Eileen in Atlanta on a vamp-hunt, so Cas was currently settled in the passenger seat, relaxing back on the leather and contently watching the trees go by. He sometimes moved his hands together, twiddling his thumbs, interlacing his fingers and releasing them again, thumbing the edges of his fingernails. Dean had been stealing glances throughout their journey and noticed this habit of Castiel’s and wondered what would happen if he were to just grab his hand and hold it in his own… to stop the fidgeting, of course.
Dean sat up, admiring the naked body laid out beneath him. A sound of wanting escaped Castiel as he took in the vision of the man above him, becoming absorbed in the hungry look behind those green eyes. Dean crawled back up to kiss him deeply. The weight of his body rested on top of Castiel and he wrapped his arms around him. When their erections lined up, brushing together, the sensation sent a shiver through them both. Castiel placed his hands on Dean’s hips, guiding him as they moved together.
While they waited, Castiel and Ellen chatted about his family and his work at the hospital, happily discovering that Ellen knew his favorite patient Jack through her niece, Claire. Dean stood quietly at the counter, watching them share stories. Castiel threw occasional glances his way, and the fondness on Dean’s face grew with each look.
bed, he remembered, letting himself bask happily in the thought. He smiled up at Dean who was walking alongside him as Meg steered his wheelchair toward the parking lot.
He chuckled as he assessed the mess they’d made. Castiel’s keys were on the floor beside the entrance table and their jackets crumpled into a heap on a chair. He found their shoes strewn across the living room floor. Once he’d taken care of the mess, he programmed the coffeemaker to start a pot of coffee for Cas to wake up to, and finally slipped out the front door.
Dr. Hendricks nodded and looked between Dean and Gabriel. “The tests may take a little while. You two should take some time to update your friends and family, get yourselves some dinner, get some rest. You can expect Castiel to remain in ICU overnight, and we’ll probably keep him for observation for a couple of days. One person is permitted to stay with him overnight, but we’ll have staff rotating through all night. I promise you both that he’ll be in good hands.”
Dean waved him off. “Have you looked outside yet today?” When Castiel shook his head, he pointed toward the window. There was a thin dusting of snow blanketing the rooftops across the street. “I’m not gonna let you walk in the snow when it gives me a perfectly good excuse to see you first thing in the morning.” He shrugged nonchalantly with one shoulder. “Plus, I just like seeing you all grumpy when you wake up. It’s kinda cute.”
Sam laughed and shrugged animatedly. “She probably just wants details about your date. You gonna tell her you spent the night?”
They headed back outside and Castiel settled into the passenger seat while Dean tucked the wheelchair into the trunk. When Dean slid into the driver seat, he didn’t start the engine. The silence lasted only a moment before Dean deflated. “Go ahead. I know you’re thinking about it. Just ask me.”
He nodded. “Yeah. I’m just gonna grab some stuff and I’ll meet you there. Don’t worry, I won’t wait up.” He winked and flashed a thankful smile to both as he slipped out the back door. “See ya, Cas.”
Dean snorted a laugh, lowering his head bashfully. “Aw, shucks, Cas. I’ve never been called a food god before.”
“Nice guy,” Sam chimed in. “You’d like him, Ellen. They’ve only been on, like, one date and Dean’s already hooked.” Dean’s eyes stung with realization as he finally caught his brother’s eye. Not only did Sam understand now, he’d understood when he told him on Saturday night.
After Dean's meltdown that morning, Sam had decided to go for a run. He figured whatever was about to go down, he didn't want any part of it. But it had been a few hours since he'd been back now, and all was quiet and peaceful in the bunker.
. I guess he just wasn’t expecting it to be so easy, so he figured you must have misunderstood what he said. Poor guy.”
—something to do. He wanted to help. He likes Cas. He called me with the idea, so I talked to Gabriel and we were able to get it before it was—before it was destroyed.”
Charlie could see the disdain in Dean’s face, and cut him off before he could respond to either of them. “Well, I get to work in a dark room with loud music and no one but my computer to keep me company.
Castiel responded by kissing to top of Dean’s head and holding him a little tighter. Eventually, he dragged himself out of the bed to head home for the night, reminding himself that he would be back in just a few more hours.
Once his arm was free and Castiel was well on his way to full consciousness, Dean returned to the kitchen to explore the cabinets in search of dishes. He shooed Castiel away to his bedroom to get ready for work as he unwrapped the bacon and egg sandwiches he’d purchased from Donna and split a container of mixed fruit between their plates. While he waited for Castiel to dress for work, he made himself at home in the kitchen, browsing through the refrigerator and the pantry and taking a mental inventory in hope that he could cook their breakfast tomorrow.
Sam chuckled pointing toward the front door of their childhood home. “Yeah, unless you wanted some coffee and pancakes first. Jess is inside making breakfast.”
He shook his head. “Not yet. Sammy’s working through some shit right now. He needed some time to vent on the way over.”
Eileen had been working a case east of Atlanta when she got Sam’s text. He’d be passing through town with Dean and Castiel on their way back to the bunker, and in true Sam fashion, he wanted to stop and check-in, though Eileen suspected some ulterior motives. With a few ulterior motives of her own, she agreed to meet at the shabby diner on the edge of town.
“Bitch!” Dean shouted back. A neatly dressed man sitting alone on a bench beside the entrance chuckled at the exchange, and Dean grinned smugly, pleased with the fact that even a perfect stranger could see the amusement in his brother’s annoyance.
She and Dean both had new wounds on their shoulders, and she had a deep bite in the center of her right thigh, right in the front.  Benny had cleaned it, but he knew better than to cover it with a bandage.
But Dean wasn’t listening to Cas anyway. He had already turned back to face the disgrace he’d made of his car.
Cas leaned down and brought her up, bouncing her with her back to his chest and an arm under her little bottom.  Her feet dangled.
Michael stretched a hand out to pull the Alpha back to his feet.  He kept hold of the solid warmth once Cas was upright.  He reached out from inside through the narrow lane of the Claim Cas held over him, and he sent assurance.  “Sir, you don’t ever have to worry about her safety when she’s with me.  I’m never going to let her get hurt.  I’m never going to hurt her.”
Michael shrugged. “That’s her call, not mine. She’s not my Sub, sir. I’ll take whatever she has liberty and urge to give me.”
Dean put in a hard four hours labor on his knees.  He replenished the lube in his ass from his stash by the door.  He was fucked more times than he dared to keep track of, and he had at least as many cocks between his stretched wide lips.  Most of the men spent little time with Dean, using him arbitrarily while they scoped the room and chose a gameplay out of the men who were inside.  They all recognized him, and many of them welcomed him back enthusiastically, but they weren’t here to ogle the naked celebrity or boast a B.J. from him when they got home.  They were here for a reason, and they needed to scene.
Dean and Cas rounded the open doorway into Michael’s room, and they both blinked in surprise.  The dim lamp was on, and Michael sat in his favorite chair with a mug in his hand and a rumpled pair of pajamas.  Across from him on the loveseat, a robe-clad Naomi looked up from her mug with a startled face.
Dean chuckled and texted Michael. They weren’t headed for Topeka. They were in the garage, waiting for the all clear. It didn’t take long before everyone was gathered around Dean’s table and getting to know one another. Cas leaned over Nicholas and spoke softly into his ear.
“Yep,” Dean confirmed.  “A little.  The ABO scale is logarithmic, but the DNS scale isn’t.  My eighteen is only a little more profound than her seventeen, but whatever.  We’re nearly a matched set.”  Dean smiled at her in solidarity, and she glowed back at him, thrilled to find she wasn’t the bottom of the pile in every way.
Cas dusted himself off and picked his phones back up.  He’d maintained both connections somehow.  “Benny,” he huffed into Dean’s phone.  “Just tell me, what the fuck we’re doing.  Where am I going?”
“She’s got her own bed now.  Her room is adjacent to the master.  It may be an adjustment for her to get used to sleeping alone again sometimes, but we’ve talked about it, and she’s fine.”
Sarah hears an alternate offer.   Naomi moves into her new home.  Jack and Ketch say goodbye to their old lives.  Dean and Cas spend some time with their mates.  April debuts as a diva.  Oh, and Cas forgot all about condoms as a thing.  **Good job, Alpha.**
“You gonna teach me, grease-monkey?  I can’t wait to see you all covered in motor oil and road grime.  I’m getting hard just thinking about it.”  Michael pressed Dean’s belly against the red paint of his new driver’s-side door with his body and sucked on his neck while he ground his hips into Dean’s ass.
He held her eye until she found the wisdom to zip it and look chagrinned.  He nodded once he was certain she would shut up and listen.  “What I understand is that you’re stuck between a rock and a hard place.  I don’t expect you to do this alone, Charlie, but you need to talk to that woman that you’re afraid to admit you love.  No one’s going to try to force you two to Mate.  You hear me?  In fact, I forbid it.  You belong to me, Charlie Bradbury Lafitte, and you don’t Mate without my permission.  You’re not getting my permission to Mate Dorothy Baum, at least not any time soon.  I suggest you two negotiate some other type of … relationship … connection … whatever.  Whatever you decide to call it, it’ll still need to go through me for approval.  I’m not going to leave you dangling in the wind trying to cobble something together that doesn’t give you what you need, and I’m not going to let you walk away from someone who’s important to you just because you’re afraid.  Talk to her.  Find out how she feels.  Bring it to me.  We’ll deal, Charlie.  There’s more to love and attraction than biting someone’s neck and tying your life to theirs forever.”
“Are you insane?” asked Sam, beginning to wonder if the question shouldn’t be rhetorical.  “I’m going back.  I’m gonna tell Dad.”  Sam began to pick his way by his brother, but Dean pulled him to a stop by his upper arm.
“It’s not all your fault.  It’s nobody’s fault but hers…and mine, I think.  She went at me for years before I let you know what was going on.  You didn’t know what it was doing to me any more than Michael did.”
Dean huffed in frustration. He stepped forward again, touching the jagged tear carefully, feeling for any evidence he was making progress. “I should leave her like this,” he reflected. “A monument to being an asshole with no self-control.”
“Vanished before the staff meeting,” Charlie said with her mouth full. “Nearly got my nose bitten off for asking about him. Bobby’s gotten snippier than a one-eyed rooster in his old age.”
“Dean, you’re not second-place to me. You’re in a different place entirely. Love isn’t pie. It doesn’t run out. I don’t love you the same way I love her.” Cas followed him back out into their bedroom, trailing him, frustrated. “Would you stop for a minute and look at me? Loving her more doesn’t mean I love you less. I’m not ever going to leave you. How many times do I need to say that?”
Michael let her hand continue its gentle sweeps.  He reached out and touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers.  “I’d like that,” he said.
“It would help if you paid attention the first time.  We want to get all the C.F.s done ASAP.  We can save yours with Michael until last and talk it through with Ellen, Bobby, and Benny.  Michael, you can help too by working to occupy your Omega when Dean’s…there.”
“Good luck, alpha!” April called from the kitchen. Cain paused in his stride and met Dean’s eye. Dean shrugged. With a quick wave, Cain acknowledged his charge’s blessing. Clearly, he hadn’t expected to have a cheering section. Dean let Cain pass him before he shot a thankful look and a nod toward April, meeting her eyes.
Breakfast felt smoother than either of the previous two.  Dean eating bacon out of Michael’s fingers nearly caused them to be late to their first try at attending church together, but they made it on time – and ruffled remarkably few feathers considering their celebrity.  It was the Winchester’s home town church, and they knew him here as Pack.  Dean graciously accepted several smug looks from people he had known all his life along with some version of, “It’s about time you darkened these doors again, Winchester,” and “We missed you, boy.  Sorry about your dad.”
“I thought you’d be home hours ago,” she grumbled, sounding very much like Michael.  “It’s been chaos around here.  He’s on a tear again.”
“She’s fine, Cas,” confirmed Benny.  “She’s right next door.  She responded before you did, so we knew it was someone on premises.  They’ve got her.  She’s not going to get hurt.  She’s being washed and changed.  She’s being prepped.  For you.  Give us just a bit, and we’ll pipe your scents through the ducts just to be sure.”
Michael scoffed. “You just take whatever they feed you, don’t you? Do you ever have a thought or an opinion of your own? Don’t you care about anything besides what he tells you to care about?”
“Keep an eye on him.  Make sure Castiel keeps an eye on him.  If you intended to push him further than tomorrow afternoon, I might worry.  But he can do this.  I know you understand about compensation, Michael, about making full reparations for misdeeds.  You respond beautifully to punishments yourself when they are effectively applied.  The trick is finding the balance point that feels appropriate to the Bottom’s need to be held accountable.  If you are punished more severely than you feel you deserve, it doesn’t work.  You just get angry.  If you are punished too lightly, you feel off-balance – neglected – like your Top doesn’t truly care about you.  Am I right?”
And you know what? Gabe was right. It had become completely ridiculous. Michael huffed and rolled off the side of the bed, landing lightly on his feet and straightening up. His hand never left his dick. He stood for a moment and let the sensations course through him. Close enough. He caught Gabe’s eye as the other man looked up and closed his book.
Max’s body rolled of a piece as he rolled his eyes. It was a beautiful melodrama, and Cas was impressed with his commitment to it, but he was unfazed by the theatrics. “Get in the car, Max. I dislike speaking through a car door.”
“Good boy,” whispered his Dom.  Soon he was thrusting into Dean’s back with enough power to plow Dean over onto his belly.  Cas rolled over with him, taking position on top of his husband with a grimace of effort and his arms braced against the bed.  For several moments, the stillness of the morning was taken over by the slap of skin and the masculine grunts of both men, huffs of breath, moans of pleasure.
are meant to contend with, and I will not deny you your rightful place. I deserve a rival like you, and you need the likes of me. Don’t pretend that the thought doesn’t make your blood quicken in your veins. I can smell you from here.”
“What’s wrong with me, Alpha?  Couldn’t shut my mouth!  Didn’t mean it to get outta hand like that, but…”
“I agree,” Cain added with his head down toward his phone screen and an uncomfortable shift of position.
, and charged with three counts of felony bribery and abuse of office.  As a sitting professor for a public institution, his job fell under the Kansas penal code for public servants, a detail that had escaped Sarah, but not Castiel.
“No, Sir. No complaints. It’s been a long time since we did that, and it was as powerful as I remember. I feel electric right now.”
“How does he look from the inside, Dean?” Cas asked, moving on to check Michael’s pulse at his wrist.
“I’m in charge,” Sam said calmly, stepping forward and allowing his wolf to add gravity to his bearing.  “Reviews take place
When Dean slipped into the gameroom, April was already naked on the oddly shaped structure, cuffed down on her hands and knees with support for her torso of a long-sloped beam that kept her head high and her hips low. Cas straightened up from kissing her. He wiped his lower lip with a thumb and eyed Dean, still naked, appreciatively. “Ah, Pet. Good timing. On your knees facing the couch, please. I expect complete obedience from you tonight.”
“I’ve been going about this all wrong.  He doesn’t respond to pushing.  He only digs his heels in harder.  I need to flip it around, be a source of comfort to him, not worry, and let him come to the conclusion that there are holes in the con panels from a secure mindset.  Dean’s never going to agree to putting me onstage until he trusts that I won’t push his boundaries while I’m up there.  Balthazar, you’re brilliant!”
“That’s fine for one-night stands and college hookups, I guess, but it doesn’t work well for long term or if you want to go deep.  So, here’s how this works: we start by defining the environment and structure.  That’s why I wanted to get my upcoming marriage on the table right away.  That informs everything we do from here on.  It also includes both of our ranks in the Pack and what our responsibilities are there.  Next, we define our roles between one another, and when to make each one applicable.  I think that will be straightforward.  I feel like we work together fairly seamlessly.  The Mating-bond helps there.  You with me so far?”
“Look,” Dean tried again, leaning up onto his thighs where the ache didn’t go quite so deep. “I’m not trying to break in on him. I just need to know the facts. Who’s taking care of him? What’s his condition? How is he being treated? C’mon, Rufus, talk to me! Why are you here?”
“NNNnnngghh!” Dean growled, every nerve alight, his sense of himself merging with the sensations he could feel from his mate. His knot locked, but Dean risked tugging at it to keep thrusting, giving Michael what he needed to come without a hand on his cock. The burning pull of a knot against the inner musculature of his rim sent the Omega pulsing white streaks between them, smearing it against both of their bellies, and Dean’s eyes rolled up in his head as the clenching of Michael’s channel tumbled him too. They toppled together, near enough, going sloppy in their rhythm, going inside their bonds until all they could see were colors, all they could feel was where they connected. They caught each other. Yin and Yang. Alpha and Omega. Now and always.
“Hey, brother,” he called up the hall to the Alpha whose head was already bent low over his Ozzie’s neck.  “It’s been a long time.  You need me to show you how to use one of those rubber things?”
What had started as a research project –  running Kellers on volunteer Canids to gather data – developed rapidly into a community service for all wolves to verify their Tertiary gender.  The process couldn’t take place until the individual reached full sexual maturity, usually about three to five years after Presenting a Secondary gender at the onset of adolescence.  The Keller test involved putting the test subject through three rounds of penetrative sex, fully to completion with fluid exchange and knotting (when alphas were involved), and then evaluating their vitals, hormone levels, behaviors, and physical responses.
“That was number six.  Say, six.”  Sam’s voice was devoid of judgment or correction.  It was almost conversational, but flatter.  It had taken him years to perfect the tone that a harried Omega needed to hear.
Castiel nodded gravely.  “It’s a dangerous situation,” he agreed.  “What I want you to do for now is to plan everything ahead of time.  Don’t try any D/s scening spontaneously.  If you have an idea you’d like to try, run it by me first.  You and I will address the tactics and the risks, and I’ll have you demonstrate your response to a few unexpected issues that may arise.  Then talk it through with Dean while he’s in a cognitive frame of mind.  Whatever you want to do needs to go through the part of Dean’s psyche that he uses to make responsible decisions.  You’re to stick to that agreement like it’s Federal Regulation.  Don’t go off-script, even by a little.  However, I authorize you to try some spontaneous A/O prompts.  Those would be good for you both.”
Michael scoffed.  “The birthday boy isn’t supposed to have to plan his own party, Alpha.  Dean’s on it.  You can go about your business this morning.  The twins’ birthday party doesn’t start until one.”
Michael swallowed. He wondered if Dean had seen this side of Castiel. Surely he had. They had years of intimacy under their belts. They’d faced countless tough spots that Cas, at least, would have turned to manipulation to solve. Dean knew Cas was a scheming bastard, but did he know that the man was brutally indifferent about it? Did he know how utterly unrepentant the man was at heart?
“Why the secrecy? If you’re implementing my work, then I should have a say in how we go about it. Cas, brother, if you’re waiting on Styne, then we’re talking about sex with minors.”
A foolish part of Castiel longed for the day that one of them would meet and Mate with their True-Mates and put an end to the agony.  He also dreaded that day.  Watching Dean Claim some hapless boy would destroy Cas.  Utterly.  There was nothing for it, though.  He had proven to himself numerous times that he was both incapable of walking away and unwilling to move forward.  He was stuck.  They were stuck.  So, they researched together, wrote grant proposals together, co-authored legislation bills, served on community outreach committees, scened together to keep each other balanced, built up The Facility, aka
Cas signaled a staff nurse to take custody of Rick.  “We’re going to take care of him, Rick.  You need to stay here with Marie, and let me go take care of him.  Can you do that?  Stay here for me.”
There was a reddened circle on her left shoulder, but no divots. He hadn’t bitten her at all, it seemed, not with his teeth bared. But he had obviously fucked her senseless, until he filled her channel with his come and collapsed on top of her in exhaustion.
Michael sucked a breath in through his nose when he realized he was hardening in spite of himself. Two green eyes, locked into the camera, focused, the pupils enormous. A mouth, teeth holding onto the lower lip, barely able to keep hold. He felt slick leaking past the probe and onto the sheet. His fingers gripped harder onto the arm of the chair beneath them. He noted a number of standard kinks as they flew by: a young woman dressed as a schoolgirl, her white panties peeking out, then the same girl, flat on her back, her panties at her ankles raised high above her head, her ass bright red. A tall man urinating on a smaller man, the small man’s mouth open and receiving, a look of bliss upon his face. A whip landing soundly across a woman’s bare back, leaving a wicked stripe. An older bear of a man, his lips stretched wide around an alpha knot, tear tracks running down both cheeks and a hand gripping tightly into his hair.
, and he wanted strength, hardness, the unique version of force that he could only get from a man, could only give to a man.  It was in the scents of masculine musk and the rigid planes of flat, hard muscle; he wanted to grunt against those planes and force them to give way to him.
“Not until I’m certain you mean it,” Cas told him coldly.  Dean winced, grunting, fighting the urge to tuck under or dodge.  In the window before him, he saw Billie’s reflection.  She stood with brows up in interest, watching for a moment before nodding firmly and continuing in.  Jo came through, entered and then exited the kiosk.  She smirked with a standard, “Jesus, Winchester, it’s not even eight o’clock yet,” before pushing through the turnstile.  Dean’s face reddened.  Castiel’s hand was relentless, paying no heed to the bruises already decorating his ass.
“What’s too much, baby?” Michael asked, rocking him.  Dean tucked his face into Michael’s chest, feeling the awful throbbing sobs begin to slow.  Dean felt Cas take his arm and wrap a cool pack around his wrist, securing it with a loose strap.  Cas had to fumble awkwardly for his right arm, snugged as it was up by Michael’s chest.  Once the cool band was in place on both wrists, Cas nudged Dean into turning his back to his mate, arranging him in Michael’s lap to lean back and wallow.  Michael wrapped his arms around Dean’s torso and ran fingers through his hair while Castiel doctored Dean’s thighs.
“I gave you plenty of time, but I want to hear about it from you.”  Sam leaned back so he could see his brother. “Don’t make me ask Castiel or Michael.  What happened to throw you into that state?”  Dean didn’t answer.  “Look, I know it’s embarrassing to you.  I saw your face when they said panic attack.  Don’t forget, I know you, Dean.  You have nothing to feel embarrassed about around me.  Come on.  Truth is, I’m worried you’re not getting what you need from either of your partners if a dinner party is enough to knock you outta your chair.  Throw me some scraps here, Dean.  I care about you.”
for him to seduce his wife onto the floor with, and he wept with laughter when she took him up on it with no qualms about his lewd dance moves and took him in hand fit for a contract Dominatrix.
“And if it’s all right with you, I’ll stay home tomorrow to keep an eye on things down here,” said Michael quietly.  “Can you have Joshua meet me here.”
“You can’t imagine that someone might have as much invested in their life in Tallahassee as I do here?”  Meg proposed astutely, and Charlie shrugged.  “What have you found for Jo?” Meg was desperate to shift the attention from herself.
“Twenty more minutes, and then take a break,” Michael instructed with the same Dominant air he’d used on Jimmy, a tone of command. The unspoken
“Yes it is, you nerd.  We’re pushing legislation through that will require it of every wolf as they come of age.  That’s gonna be years more in the implementation though.”  Dean got up and pulled a couple of beers from the fridge.  He handed one to Michael after popping the cap.  “Just the one,” he clarified.  Negotiating while buzzed would be a bad idea, but he figured they could handle two beers apiece without hitting any danger spots.
Sam was rendered speechless. Dean felt the tiniest spike of smugness tinged with guilt. His brother had insisted on pushing. Served him right.
April took it with the air of a student eager to learn, nodding in concentration.  Cas watched her, and Benny watched Cas.  After she left again, wobbling off with a stinging swat to her ass by Mark, Benny leaned in.  “I think this is harder on you than it is on her.  You sure you’re okay, boss?”
“I will bring you back if you ask me to, Jeremy, but I don’t believe you’ll have to choose.  I’ll help you state your needs to your parents if you need my help.  If not, I’ll let you handle it, but I won’t leave until you tell me you’re ready for me to go.  And if I sense any danger for you there, you’re not staying even if you want to.  Do you understand?”
Castiel wordlessly placed the flail in his hand by its handle. Firelight danced across the tails, sending ghoulish shadows dancing over the Alpha’s face, distorting him into a demon of Dante’s mindscape. Castiel’s jaw twitched, but his eyes were resolute. There was no warmth there, only cold judgment and hellfire.
and your mate.  God, please let me watch,” he added as an aside, then he shook that thought off.  “Don’t schedule it until you come to terms with it in your own mind though.  Your psyche has had more of a struggle than it needs lately.  There’s nothing about this scene that emasculates you.  There’s nothing wrong with any of this if it’s what you both want.  It’s just like any other type of sexual play that we do.  I’m concerned about why you’re finding it so disturbing.  You’ve done gangbang scenes before from the Top side.  You know it doesn’t dehumanize the Bottom participants.  It’s play.  It’s fantasy.  It doesn’t change who you are.”
Dean paced furiously in the kitchen, turning every now and then to confront his mate with an accusing finger up and then pressing his lips together without saying a word and resuming his adamant pacing. His mug of tea sat forlorn and cooling by the chair he couldn’t sit still in. Michael sat at the kitchen table with his head in his hands, his own tea equally abandoned. April sat right up beside him, leaning into his body in a show of support, Alex on her lap. Castiel stood leaning against the wall by the bay window with his arms crossed over his chest, watching his husband fume. Dean’s ranting devolved into a series of short, punctuated statements about how daft Michael’s choices had been, and then they’d petered out altogether as he struggled to get to the point.
“You eat like a wild animal,” Sam said as he shook his head in exasperation as his brother’s lack of manners. “So, Jess and I are gonna pack up my room. You guys can pack up the office. The living room and kitchen are mostly Dad’s things.”
Dean gave him a mild but telling smile and nodded. With that, Bobby left the kitchen, tightly clutching his beer bottle and leaving Dean to ruminate.
Dean looked down at the keys in his hand. “I didn’t want you to worry about it, Cas. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want—I didn’t want you to think it mattered, because it doesn’t. And when I thought I might lose you—I…” He let the sentence drop and they locked eyes. “Lisa wanted me to leave you. Told me I was done
Dean’s cheeks turned pink, but he didn’t turn away. “There--there’s, uh… more,” he said, pointing at the bee.
He stopped in the kitchen to grab a slice of cold pizza that he ate quickly on his way to garage. When he opened the door, he gave the Impala a doe-eyed sigh. She had worked hard this week, hauling them through four states on routine salt and burn cases, and the dirt and grime of the highway masked the glossy black shine that Dean knew was hidden underneath.
Castiel seized the opportunity and swung his leg over Dean’s lap, settling on his thighs. Dean looked surprised for a moment but wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck pulling him down into a warm, slow kiss. When they finally separated, Castiel straightened to stare into those green eyes—those
He debated with himself about whether it was too soon for him to get out of the car and head up to Cas’s apartment. Ultimately, he decided that he wasn’t
That pulled a hearty laugh from Bobby. "I guess that explains why they're feeding each other cherries in my kitchen as we speak."
“Dean,” he said a bit more firmly, though Dean continued to nuzzle at his ear, “Dean, we—ahh—should we slow down? We don’t need to—I don’t want you to—”
When the Impala pulled into the guest spot beside Castiel’s building, neither man moved to exit. Dean certainly wasn’t ready to say goodbye, even if it was just for the night. His skin itched in need of the closeness, but this was still so new to him. The thought of getting closer had definitely crossed his mind, but he had come to the conclusion that he just wasn’t ready for
“So, this is a pretty formal affair, huh?” Charlie asked, neatly centering a large glass dish of lasagna.
“Castiel Novak,” he confirmed. “It’s nice to meet you both.” His voice was deep and his eyes were such an electric blue that Dean could barely tear his own eyes away from them.
“No,” Dean responded angrily. He stood, pulled a leash from his jacket pocket and hooked one end to the collar around Miracle’s neck and gave the other end to his brother. “Bring her home. Her family needs her.”
“What?! No way!” She took a moment to process before speaking with amusement. “I never put it together then, but… holy cow, he did have it bad, didn’t he?”
Charlie hurried to her friend’s side, wrapping him up into a hug. “I knew it,” she said, and Dean could hear the smile on her face. “I’m so proud of you, Winchester.” She squeezed him tight before gripping him by the shoulders to face her. “Now, tell me everything.”
The pair turned in unison to find a pretty brunette in a cream-colored sweater-dress. There was confusion across her face and what Castiel thought seemed like hurt in her eyes.
Dean ducked his head in laughter, coming out of whatever fog he’d been in. “Does she know that she wants you yet?”
waiting for him. He felt breathless and dizzy. It took him a moment to realize that Castiel had his phone in his hand and Dean’s own phone was vibrating in his pocket. As he retrieved his phone, Castiel zipped up his leather jacket and climbed onto a sleek gray motorcycle that Dean hadn't even noticed in his distraction, pulling on a matching helmet. Dean’s eyes followed him as he started the engine, waved a goodbye, and pulled off into the night.
“You took it. I know you took it,” Dean accused, pointing a finger at his brother angrily. “I want it back!”
“Are you kiddin’?!” she laughed, preparing their coffees as she spoke. “I watched you two miss each other for months, then one morning you shared a table and that was that. Watching you two finally get together that mornin’ was the highlight of my week. And then you started showing up together, and that just made my whole month! I admit I
Cas’s fingers found solace in the back of Dean’s hair, holding him as he deepened the kiss. Dean melted into the heat of it, taking refuge in knowing that no matter what came of this sudden shift in their relationship, this was worth it. When their lips finally parted, neither moved away. They stood in one another’s arms; their foreheads resting together.
When they finally left the bar, Charlie tugged Dean off to the side as everyone said their goodbyes in the parking lot. “We need to get together for lunch, Winchester,” she demanded.
“You ungrateful—,” John lunged toward Bobby, but Dean and Castiel were too close. Castiel grabbed John around his ribcage, while Dean wrestled his swinging arms. Sam hurried over to help, but before he could reach the scuffle there was the sound of a punch landing and Dean stumbled backward with a bloody nose.
“I know I’m a little early,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I couldn’t—I mean, I was ready early, so I figured I’d come hang out here. I hope that’s ok.”
Dean laughed and nudged Castiel hard with his shoulder, embarrassed but happy. “That was pretty mean, dude.”
“Yeah, man. Try one,” Dean answered. Before he could wonder what on Earth made him do it, he picked up a piece between his thumb and forefinger and brought it to Castiel’s mouth.  Cas didn’t hesitate to take it, his lips just barely touching the very tip of Dean’s fingers, and the sound that he made… well, Dean secretly didn’t hate that either.
, but—I don’t know—he’s just easy to be around.” He felt his cheeks start to go hot. “And it’s weird talking about it with my little brother.”
As dinner wound down and empty pie plates were carried off into the kitchen, everyone gathered in the living room. Sam, Jo, and Charlie resumed their earlier decorating, now under Ellen’s direction. Dean and Castiel sat side by side on the stairs while Bobby sipped from his beer on the couch beside Ellen.
He cast a sideways look at the man, careful not to catch his eye, but ultimately decided to stare out the window instead. “Hey, Dad?”
Dean still had a heart, even if it was currently in pieces. He wasn’t going to leave what was maybe that last living creature on the damn planet to fend for itself. So, he put the fleabag in the backseat of the Impala.
They stayed on the phone talking about Stanford while Sam gathered the rest of his clothes, tossing them into the duffle, and Sam listened to Jess talk about her classes as he packed his laptop and books into the backpack he carried to classes. When Sam had loaded his things in his car, he connected the Bluetooth and they talked about Jess’s winter break as he drove over to Dean’s place. When he pulled into the driveway, rather than gathering his belongings and heading inside, he reclined his seat as they continued their conversation.
“Yeah, I guess so,” Sam said, “but, I mean, it’s not like I wasn’t really on my own already. Just wasn’t my house.”
“My type is stubborn. But willing to bend the rules if it’s for the right reasons. Loyal to a fault. Maybe a little dry with the humor,” he added with a smile. “He knows me. Calls me on my shit. He never puts himself first, even though, to me, he’s one of the most important people on Earth—or Heaven. And definitely Hell. That’s where it all started, after all.” He locked onto Castiel’s icy blue eyes looking for understanding. “He’s the kind of person that can make me fall in love with him without even realizing it.”
“You know, you’re allowed to like it,” Sam said, a playful smirk on his face. “You just have to stop trying so hard not to.”
Dean and Sam followed their father down the stairs in silence except for the sound of their heavy footsteps on the old staircase. In the living room, Sam sat in his corner of the couch with folded arms, glaring at his father. Dean sat in his usual armchair and John sat on the closed recliner, scrubbing a hand over his face.
liked. And if this was all it took to make Cas look at him that way, it was more than worth it. He thought he’d have more qualms about going down on a man, but, then again, he had no idea how much he was going to enjoy having Castiel in his bed.
“What, you think if you bring a date you get out of chores?” Ellen flashed Castiel a playful smile, though she furrowed her brow at Dean. “You haven’t even introduced us yet.”
He knew that Castiel would be at lunch at this time. They’d agreed to meet for lunch three times already this week, but tonight would be their first official date. They’d been getting to know one another a bit over their casual lunches in the hospital cafeteria (where Dean supplied homecooked leftovers, much to Castiel’s pleasure), however they could hardly be called dates. They hadn’t ventured past flirty banter, both anxiously awaiting their “real date” to explore romance. Dean’s stomach knotted at the thought.
Dean stepped up to take control of the wheelchair, guiding it into the bedroom. It was a tight squeeze through the door, but luckily the bones of the old building were accommodating. They went through their checklist—bandages, medication, a pillow under his cast—before Dean finally helped him into bed, tucking him in with careful, gentle touches.
“Yeah, have fun with your nurse.” Gabriel grinned again and slipped back into his apartment as Dean finally knocked on Castiel’s door.
Dean stared, stunned silent. He couldn’t determine whether his brother was being awesomely cool about this or completely dense. He decided to let it simmer for tonight, hoping that it’d dawn on Sam sooner or later if it hadn’t quite sunk in already. He planned to talk to Charlie tomorrow and he had confidence that she would be his key to navigating this whole awkward experience.
Castiel just smiled. Dean loved his work, breathing new life into old cars. Since Castiel had moved in, Dean spent a lot less time doing side jobs in the garage at home, so when he sometimes got wrapped up in his projects at work and wanted to stay a little later, Castiel didn’t mind. In fact, Dean’s tendency to work a little late each day was the reason that it was Castiel now pulling the Impala out of the parking lot and onto the main road.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle and smile at his friend. “Alright, then. So, Cas likes a family man.”
“Hey, I got a gift for you,” Dean said quietly enough that only Castiel heard. He pulled a bag from the gift shop out from under his chair.
Cas stared at him. It felt as though those blue eyes were piercing through him, trying to see Dean’s soul, and he realized that it was quite possible that they were. As an angel, Cas had done just that. Cas had seen Dean’s soul, had made him whole and saved him from hell. He felt a surge of fondness as those eyes stared at him, filled with frustration.
Dean let his head drop down and hit the steering wheel with a groan. “How did neither of us think about the stairs?” There was amusement mixed with the exasperation in his voice. When he sat up to share a look with Castiel, they both broke into a fit of laughter.
. They stood that way for a moment as his brain jumped from thought to thought—memories, fantasies. He wasn’t sure where the fantasies came from, but there they were, and they were flashing by like a filmstrip. He tried to focus on the present, studying Dean’s face.
, had taken to following Dean around the bunker, watching him from afar at first, tilting her head in a way that made Dean’s heart ache. He considered all the mistakes he’d made throughout his entire adult life, pushing away the people he loved, when he found her watching him sleep, resting her chin at the edge of his bed one morning. And finally, he reached out to her. He pulled her up into his arms and ran his fingers through her fur as she curled up beside him. And from that moment, they became inseparable.
He turned, following Dean’s eyes, and his heart dropped. Sure enough, their father was standing just behind the screen door, keys in hand.
He felt that dazed, slightly numb feeling again as the people he loved sat around the table discussing Castiel. It seemed so surreal. He finally looked to Bobby who had been silent thus far.
He stepped out and leaned on the doorframe, toothbrush in hand. “Hey, Cas. You, uh—you always keep extra toothbrushes handy?” His attempt at keeping casual was thinly veiled, but luckily Cas was still half asleep and didn’t notice.
When daylight finally reached far enough through the window behind the nurse’s station to creep into the entrance of the room, Castiel lay awake, running his fingers calmly through Dean’s hair. He didn’t even look up when he heard someone enter, assuming it was just another routine check.
Dean scowled at Castiel’s grin, but eventually rolled his eyes in defeat. “Yeah, okay. I’ll meet her. But dude, you definitely need to get a car one of these days.” He sent a quick ‘OK’ to Lisa and dropped his phone back into his pocket without waiting for a response.
Sam smirked, turning to Castiel. “You’re gonna have to teach me whatever magic it is you do to make him do what you want.”
The beeping of the timer made Dean jump. Castiel, now feeling comfortable in Ellen’s kitchen, removed the tins from the oven and delivered them to Dean’s workspace. Now waiting for the crusts to cool, Dean leaned backward against the countertop and plucked a sweetened cherry from the bowl. He popped it into his own mouth before offering a second to Castiel. Instead of taking the cherry with his hands, Castiel opened his mouth wide, earning a chuckle from Dean as he carefully dropped the cherry on his waiting tongue.
Dean knocked loudly on the door of apartment 3C for the third time, balancing two large coffee cups and a bag from Holy Cannoli. The lock on the door finally clicked and the door opened just a crack, as though Castiel had turned the knob and walked away. Dean pushed it open to find him flopped onto the couch, wrapped in the blanket from his bed.
Dean could tell by his overly casual demeanor that he was just trying to be helpful. He softened a little at the thought. As John reached for the door to leave, Dean turned on his stool to face him.
Sure enough, a Vacancy sign was lit in the window of an office flanked by what looked more like a cluster of tiny dollhouses than the motels they typically stayed in.
She peered up at him with glassy eyes for a moment before she pulled Sam’s head down by the collar to kiss him sweetly on the cheek. She shook her head. “Sam, it’s not because of me. So, thank you for the credit, but I don’t deserve it. This is all you, and I think that’s pretty awesome.”
They watched the fireworks together, curled into one another under their blanket until quiet set in once more and two figures emerged from the smoke.
“The nest seems pretty small,” she said between sips of her milkshake. “Maybe four of them, newly turned if I had to guess.”
Dean narrowed his eyes, waiting for it. Surely Sam was setting him up for some wisecrack or one-liner, and Dean wasn’t going to indulge him.
“Oh!” Castiel’s jaw dropped in shock for a moment before giving Dean a narrow-eyed glare that vowed vengeance as the man buckled over laughing.
“You know, you’ve got it all wrong, Cas,” Dean said as they rounded the duck pond. He appreciated that Castiel wouldn’t bother pretending not to know what he was talking about.
“I guess I could say the same for you,” Dean grinned, though his face was surely turning red. Meg looked affronted, but didn’t dare reply. Instead, she shifted her coat and lightly pushed away from Gabriel, making her exit.
He watched with a sad pride as his youngest son spoke with Gabriel, offering comfort and kindness until the man was finally swept away by Meg. Sam was a good man. Maybe being absent from his adolescence was the kindest thing he could have done for his son.
Castiel remembered the way Dean had jumped after he’d sent the message and the corner of his mouth curved into a slight smile. It steeled his confidence to hear that Dean would have been willing to take the initiative and ask him out first. He may not have been out of the closet yet, but it seemed, or at least Castiel hoped, that he was ready to open the door.
“Does it have something to do with the hot guy in the black car that dropped you off in front of our building yesterday? And here today?” He pointed his lollipop to the windows that overlooked the main entrance. Castiel nearly choked on his sandwich, and Gabriel’s grin told him that he’d given himself away. “It does! Cassie, you dog, what did you do?”
Castiel laughed, moving close to whisper into Dean’s ear, his lips nearly touching the lobe. “You’re not so bad yourself, cowboy.” He could feel the shiver that ran down Dean’s body, and he smirked with pride.
“I, uh—I thought about it last night. I couldn’t sleep. I—I can’t do this anymore,” he kept his eyes on the beer bottle in his hand, ”Not without her. So… I took your advice. I called her. Asked how she’s been. Turns out she’s been pretty miserable too.”
“Not very much... I know that Bobby and Ellen took Dean and Sam in after their mother passed, and Dean didn’t have much confidence in how tonight would go. I don’t think this is what he expected, though.”
“Okay, bitches. Here are the rules. The game is Drunken Mario Kart. You each have a full beer that you
“I guess my brother didn’t tell you that he lives next door to me,” he explained. Dean touched his forehead to Castiel’s shoulder, trying to hide his face as he attempted to contain a new wave of giggles. “And we were actually just heading out,” he added, placing his palm on Dean’s back and steering him toward the stairs as Meg let out a noise that sounded like a growl and moved on down the hallway.
“He did warn me earlier that we should go back to your place—” Castiel mused, catching himself too late and fumbling to recover. “I mean, not that I expected—he was just kidding around—”
“Can I go back?” Dean asked, looking between Meg and Missouri. In answer, Meg stepped to a corner of the waiting room and Dean followed.
“He was excited to get to ride the Harley one more time before putting her away,” he said solemnly. “All for nothing. You know what she wanted? She wanted to tell me that I should be with
Castiel grinned without answering and Dean took it as a win. They spent the next hour chatting about work, about Sam, Charlie and Jo, and mildly flirting before Dean decided to take another bold step.
“Yeah, okay, you can stop being cute now,” complained Jo whose head was leaning sleepily on Charlie.
Pulled from his own barrage of questions, Dean finally shook his head. “No—I mean, yeah. It’s fine. It’s, uh… it’s Lisa.”
“I’m so glad you agreed to see me. I was sure I’d made an ass of myself at the Christmas party and you’d never speak to me again.”
“Well, Miss Bradbury, which one of these deviants might you be attached to?” Bobby asked, gesturing toward Sam and Dean. Both boys grinned mischievously.
“Maybe that’s why he ran off,” Sam speculated. He turned to look squarely at Dean. “What does he want from us?”
“He’s got a pretty sick motorcycle too,” Sam added. “Late 70’s Harley, I think.” Dean nodded weakly.
“Alright, time for Sleeping Beauty to get up. C’mon,” he said as he hauled a pouting Castiel upright, shoving his coffee into his hands.
Charlie could see suspicion crawl over Jo's face, raising a brow and twisting her smile. “Wait a minute… Red, am I missing something important here?”
“Thinking about it,” Sam answered, sounding more like the ambitious brother Dean knew and loved. “One step at a time, though. Gonna take my life back, Dean.” And with Sam’s smile, Dean forgot about all the other reasons that had brought him to see Sam in the first place.
“I dunno where they are, but they’re—oh, look.” Jo pointed as the Impala turned off the dark road onto the long gravel driveway. It skidded to a stop behind Charlie’s Volkswagen. “You boys are laaaate,” Jo said, waggling a finger at them.
Dean seemed to already know the answer to that question, though, because he made a beeline toward the door that led to the garage. He knocked twice before opening the door, nodding to someone inside, and stepping back with his eyes on Castiel. He smiled and tilted his head toward the opening.
first date. Dean looked shy and nervous, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck, stammering through his lame explanation while Castiel smiled at him with amusement. She looked up to Sam, but he seemed oblivious to what she was seeing... or at least, what she
Dean looked over at Miracle. Her head tilted in that way that chipped away at Dean’s heart every time.
“Don’t be stupid, Castiel,” Gabriel said as he gingerly patted the cast wrapped around his brother’s lower leg. “This wasn’t your fault. We’re just glad you’re okay. He shrugged one shoulder and gestured at Castiel’s injuries. “Well, mostly okay, anyway.”
“You talked to Ellen?” Dean couldn’t hold back the laugh that fell out with the words. Ellen was sharp and downright scary if you crossed her.
He smiled to himself, knowing what was about to happen. He turned his head to see Castiel sleeping peacefully, sharing Dean’s pillow, before making his first attempt to leave the bed. As expected, the arms around him tightened and Castiel croaked, “Stay with me.”
“Hey! Manners!” Dean yelled after him with false indignation, failing to hide a smirk as he stroked his hand over the car’s roof soothingly. “He didn’t mean it, Baby.”
Charlie grabbed his hand and gave it a squeeze. “It’s going to be fine, Dean. Sam loves you, and so does Bobby and Ellen and Jo.”
Dean’s eyes felt like they were boring into the side of Sam’s head. “Sober,” he repeated. “And how long is that supposed to last? He’s done the meeting thing before. Hardly lasted a week.”
“Well I see you two are getting along pretty well. Maybe save that for the bedroom,” Dean said with a grin as he and Castiel perched on their barstools across the table from them.
When Castiel turned to look at Dean, he was already looking back at him, holding up the silver angel keychain that now had a familiar old key added to it. “How about we go for a ride?”
, Dean; it’s a... group thing. And yeah, Ruby’s bringing her sister, but Jo’s working tonight and Charlie said she’s gonna be there too and I told her I’d bring you. And if I don’t--” Sam frowned at the thought. “She gets like… a really angry kitten. With sharp claws.” He bared his teeth and curled his fingers like a cat for emphasis.
Castiel could hear the weak hope in Dean’s voice. “I hope you’re right, Dean. But even if you’re not, we’ll get through it.”
Dean could feel the warmth of Cas’s back facing his own, and while distracted by his drowsy thoughts, he’d inched ever so slightly closer to the center of the bed. Cas, apparently, had done the same thing because they were suddenly pressed back to back. Both tensed momentarily, but when neither moved to recreate the space between them, they slowly relaxed, letting their weight meet in the middle as they drifted off into sleep.
Charlie’s rant was enough to solidify Castiel’s opinion of John Winchester. He’d abandoned and manipulated his sons when they needed him the most, and that was all he needed to know. “Have they had fallouts like this before?”
Sam climbed into the driver’s seat and turned the key. The engine roared to life and Sam leaned back against the worn seatback, taking in the interior of the old truck. The bench seat had a few rips and the dashboard was cracked. There were tools strewn across the passenger floorboard. As ready as he was to be rid of the thing, as much pain and toxicity as he’d attached to it, he’d still probably miss it.
She squeezed his hand again and smiled generously. “Dean… you said it yourself. You wanted us to be happy together. You wanted us to work. And that’s what I want too, Dean, and we can do it.” Her smile and her tone told Dean that she truly thought that she was offering him a much-awaited opportunity. “Now that you’ve worked out the problems that had you distracted all that time—the stuff with your dad and then the whole
That earned half a smile from Sam. “Yeah, well, I figure we’ll start with the bedroom and the office, just about everything in those rooms will need to be packed, and we can come back for whatever’s left later.”
When she finally released him, Dean rubbed his neck. “Well, he’s still pretty busted up and he’s got some more tests and stuff to go through.” He pointed a thumb at Gabriel, “Cas and Gabe are banishing me from the hospital until the tests are done, so uh, I’m gonna need a ride home.”
“What, Dean?!” he finally shouted angrily over the rain, pulling his wrist from Dean’s grasp. “What do you
, that bike! I knew it was a fucking death trap! I shouldn’t have—I have to—I need—” Dean paced back and forth like a tiger in a cage. He was panicking.
Dean grinned. “I’m not always a morning person. Just when I bump into you, I guess.” He winked as he made the corner, pulling up in front of the hospital’s main entrance..
The pair sat side by side in quiet contemplation on the stairs for what felt like a long time. For Castiel, the day had so far been bittersweet. While he was definitely interested in the man that sat nervously beside him, Dean’s confession changed things. Castiel had been worried that the man was straight, but being in the closet wasn’t much better. Deciding to proceed with caution and refusing to allow himself to be hurt in that way, he turned to Dean.
Gabriel raised his brows in disbelief. “Oh? So, you weren’t planning on waiting right outside the door until they said you can come back in?”
The keys were dropped on the small table near the entrance, although from the sound of it, they’d slid onto the floor, and the door was kicked closed. They dropped their jackets on a chair, each too occupied with the other to be bothered with hanging them. They somehow managed to find the couch, both kicking off their shoes along the way. Castiel sank down on the center cushion as Dean climbed onto his lap, straddling muscular thighs and trailing warm, wet kisses down his neck.
It wasn’t Dean’s voice, he realized, but there was a familiarity to it that he couldn’t place. It hurt to think, so he allowed the fog to swirl around him again for a while. By the time he was finally able to pry his leaden eyelids open, he found himself under the lights of one of the hospital’s trauma rooms surrounded by people in the royal blue scrubs that Emergency Room staff wore. He couldn’t see what they were doing to him because his head had been immobilized with a neck brace. His limbs felt too heavy to move, though even the thought of moving hurt.
Dean smiled, still dazed and nervous and scared, but also ridiculously happy. “I, uh—I tried to let Sam know last night, but I don’t think he understood. It—I couldn’t just—,” he sighed. “I knew it’d be easier with you.”
“Wow,” Sam remarked with a small laugh. Dean threw an annoyed glance at Meg who was now flirting with a stout man in an expensive suit.
“You don’t understand, Cassie. She’s a total bitch. She drives me crazy. She’s bossy. She calls me on my shit. We fight like cats and dogs. I’m pretty sure she set my bed on fire
Once settled in a few hours later, Castiel felt much more at ease than he had in ICU. Now that he was in a private room, he was no longer limited to only two visitors at a time. Gabriel and Meg were perched on top of a small countertop that ran beneath the window. Chuck and Anna had taken up residence on a cushioned fold-out chair and matching ottoman. Dean had claimed the chair at Castiel’s side without challenge, and Castiel silently thanked his family for it.
“I thought it was bad when we were teenagers,” she said dramatically, staring wide-eyed. “But it’s even worse now that he’s not alone in there.”
Dean flinched. “No! It wasn’t like that! I mean—Cas was the one that said I should go. I told him—I told him I wouldn’t go, all he had to do was say the word and—just hear me out, please.”
“I, uh—,” he looked to Dean and lowered his voice, “Dean, I’m here for you, no matter what. But if you’re not ready to—”
“Dean,” Castiel admonished through a kiss. “Dean!” He chuckled as he lightly pushed at Dean’s chest. Dean let up long enough to show off a grin before he advanced toward Castiel’s lips again, but he wasn’t quick enough. Castiel had already gotten his bare feet back on the floor and turned to continue combing his hair, ignoring the spectacular display of puppy eyes Dean gave him through the mirror.
? He jumped to his feet and peered out the window that overlooked the driveway. Beside the Impala was a sleek gray Harley—Castiel’s. He wiped his hands over his face and moved to the front door, pulling it open just as Castiel made it to the top of the stairs. There was a knowing look on Castiel’s face, and Dean knew instantly that Sam had somehow gotten in touch with him.
Cas fished the key out of his pocket and unlocked the door. Instead of opening it, he took a step back and turned to Dean. When Dean huffed out a breath and turned the knob, Cas could only follow, mortified.
“And Sam, you’ll be there too?” Ellen pointed her fork at Sam who looked like a deer caught in headlights.
“C’mon, Dean. Live a little. Don’t you trust me? I thought you were the brave one in this relationship.” Castiel smirked teasingly.
“Yeah, you guys go make your rounds. We won’t be finished here for a while anyway,” Sam said with a genuine smile. “We’ll be right here.”
“It is,” Castiel confirmed, “but there isn’t much of a story yet. Keep practicing and I’ll give you an update next week. You’re making progress, Jack. I’m proud of you. Keep working on your balance, okay?”
Sam waved him off. “Dude, no worries. It wouldn’t have worked out anyway. Besides, we traded in two bad dates for a new friend. I think that’s a pretty good deal.”
The car had barely stopped when Dean jumped out of the driver’s side, a mix of worry and relief somehow mingled across his face.
Sam kicked the lounge chair where Dean lay shielding his eyes from the sun. Miracle was sprawled out on the matching chair beside him.
“Thank you,” Gabriel said when John finally reached out and shook his hand, though he just stared in confusion. “For going out of your way to get Dean here so fast,” Gabriel clarified.
In the next moment, Castiel found himself with his back to the couch and Dean lying on top of him. They kissed long and deep before Dean rested his head on his chest. They lay silently, not really watching the television, but instead just enjoying the closeness.
He pocketed the chip and started the engine, guiding his truck out of the parking lot. Traffic slowed to a crawl, while the working citizens of Lawrence made their way home, but today was even slower going than usual. He supposed that maybe with Christmas being just a few days away, people were travelling to visit family and friends. At that thought, he pulled the chip back out and gave it another squeeze.
Sam looked between his brother and the newcomer with slight confusion before asking, “Have you two met?”
“I, uh, like you too, Cas.” They stared for a long moment with smiles in their eyes. “I, uh, guess you wanna get home soon, huh? I can give you a ride if you want.”
“Can’t wait to meet him.” Dean offered him another smile, this time averting his eyes when Castiel caught his gaze.
He roughly pushed Castiel backward to lie flat on the bed, crawling over top of him. The smirk he received in response was enough motivation to finally bend his head down to suck and nibble at those hipbones he craved, leaving little marks along the way. His hands found their way to Castiel’s thighs, carefully avoiding his erection for now, though Dean’s curiosity was getting the better of him. He kissed just below Castiel’s navel, trailing a path down to his waistband.
Ruby looked up from her phone, one eyebrow quirked upward. “What do you care? You interested? I could probably still make it happen, you know.” She held up her phone up to imply that she could easily arrange such a tryst between he and Meg with a simple text.
“Oh, uh—yeah, of course,” he managed. He wasn’t trying to be rude or to brush the young man off. He just didn’t know what to say in these kinds of situations. He was never good with words.
She followed him into the kitchen. “Was Dean Winchester just smiling like a schoolboy at a text message on my front step?”
“Dean, you really didn’t have to walk me up,” Castiel insisted as they emerged onto the third-floor landing.
Sam and Jess had been spending most of their free time together since she arrived on Tuesday. After picking her up from the airport, they’d spent the evening catching up over Christmas cookies at Jess’s parents’ house. Sam divulged to her all the things that had haunted him over the last few years, and Jess had wrapped her arms around him in response. They’d fallen easily back into old habits like Jess holding onto Sam’s arm at his elbow as they walked together and Sam dozing off during a movie on the couch while Jess ran her fingers through his long hair.
Once outside of the city, they rode between vast flat fields that had turned brown in the winter chill until they turned onto a road that curved around a calm gray lake. The air felt damp, so Castiel slowed down to keep an extra careful eye for stray ice patches. Dean, however, seemed to finally be relaxing and enjoying the ride. He squeezed at Castiel’s thigh, getting his attention to point out a deer near the water.
He spun around quickly to find Chuck and Anna approaching, both wearing pleasant smiles. Dean dropped his bag back onto the chair, momentarily lost for words.
“Dean! Cas!” She bounded over to wrap them both in a single hug. The movement finally caught the attention of Sam and Jo, silver garland draped around her shoulders.
“This is Castiel,” Jack said, gesturing toward him. Apparently, Jody needed no further explanation as her smile widened.
thing—and you’ve gotten it all settled and out of your system, we can make a real go of it this time. All that time together, Dean, it wasn’t wasted. We can have a
They ate their breakfasts of muffins and pastries, laughing about the night before, and then worked together to clean the mess they’d left behind. When the place was tidy again, they sat around the wooden dining table beside the rain-soaked windows. Dean sat close to Castiel, holding his hand beneath the table. Sam filled the girls and Castiel in on his conversation with Jess and Charlie was embarrassed to learn that a fresh bruise on her elbow came from falling off the coffee table, though she had saved herself from a potential concussion by wearing Castiel’s motorcycle helmet most of the night.
“I think that TV is older than you are, buddy,” Dean said, finally sliding back on the bed to lean against the headboard beside Cas. “Wish I knew what they were saying,” he said mostly to himself.
, Dean thought. After all, he had experience on the receiving end of a good blowjob, and he knew what
season behind. When Sam disappeared through the door and his footsteps no longer echoed in the hallway, Dean turned to Cas. He wouldn’t tell. He’d already proven himself trustworthy twice today, though Dean had already fully placed his trust in Cas many years ago.
“What’s the story with Gabriel’s girlfriend?” she asked apprehensively, in an almost-whisper. “Did she actually set his bed on fire?”
Dean raised his brow at her tone. “Um… sure? How about Sunday so I can get all the details about—” He lifted his chin toward Jo and winked.
Sam’s lip twitched up at one corner, but he was careful not to overdo it. He stepped forward toward the bike and gave Dean a supportive squeeze on the shoulder as he passed him. Sometimes handling Dean felt a lot like approaching a deer in the woods.
Dean smirked right back at her. “And you and Gabe? Hey, you never know, we might be in-laws someday.”
kiss, the kiss between himself and Castiel Novak, the kiss in the parking lot where they’d first laid eyes on one another, the kiss on this cold December night, was the best kiss he’d ever had.
Sam ran his hands through his hair, pushing it out of his face. “Um, actually, that’s what I was coming to tell you. Lauren and I are gonna take off. I, uh, I’ll meet up with you guys in the morning. Don’t wait up.”
As the new year crept closer, everyone settled around the fire once more, refilling their mugs of cocoa and taking advantage of the marshmallows that hadn’t been toasted already. John retrieved an old radio that Dean kept in the garage and tuned into a station broadcasting a New Year’s countdown show.
Anna covered her mouth as she chuckled, before giving him a sly smile and a nod. “And I assume this is Dean?”
When he felt his body relax and saw him nod his readiness, he slowly pushed himself inside, filling him up. He paused at the sound of Dean’s gasp until his contracting muscles calmed. He leaned forward, praising him in whispers against his skin.
“So, will you be bringing Castiel to the Christmas party?” Ellen asked Dean, drawing his attention away from the others. His face must have showed some confusion, because Ellen added, “The Roadhouse Christmas party? You boys are coming, right?”
Castiel laughed at the comically cliché moment as Dean carried him to the couch and helped him prop his cast up on the coffee table. Dean collapsed next to him and they both sunk into the soft leather, leaning against one another for support. Castiel slid his arm behind Dean, pulling him down to lay his head on Castiel’s thigh. Dean happily kicked off his shoes to cross his legs up on the far arm of the couch and make himself comfortable as Castiel ran his fingers against his scalp. Dean’s eyes closed easily and some of the tension in his shoulders loosened as Castiel combed his stress away.
Castiel let out an unsatisfied sigh. “I have a heavy cover, but I still have to come out here and check on her often. It’s not ideal, but it’s the best option I have.”
. He missed the cozy couch, the paneled windows looking out into the trees, and he missed Dean’s bed.
Dean closed his eyes in exasperated disapproval. He began clearing their table. “C’mon. We’re going to buy some real food and I’m making you lunch. And you’re going to help.”
Even with the room crammed full of people that Castiel loved, the pair that caught his attention the most were his father and John Winchester, chatting quietly near the door. He didn’t know what they were talking about, but when Dean nudged him with an elbow questioning Castiel’s expression, he pointed to them. Dean’s face mirrored Castiel’s own as he watched them—a mixture of surprise and anxiety. Eventually Bobby joined the two men near the door, and, for some reason, the anxiety seemed to fade.
Sam slammed the heavy passenger door of Dean’s ’67 Impala as soon as they were parked in the lot beside The Roadhouse. He stomped off toward the door, clearly relieved to have finally escaped the confines of the vehicle.
The mood was considerably lighter for the rest of the night. Charlie and Jo joined them shortly after when Jo’s shift ended. Dean and Castiel sat side by side with occasional bumps of their shoulders and knees. They mused about bad dates they’d been on in the past and filled Castiel in on their favorite funny stories about their little circle of friends. Dean called for a toast when Jo finally admitted that she and Charlie would be going on a date tomorrow evening.
“I just wanted to thank each and every one of you for not only being here tonight, but being here for me—for us,” he glanced at Dean with a smile, “over the past few weeks. You’ve all done so much that I can’t even begin to express the gratitude I feel. I know I’m still getting to know some of you, but… I just feel like family.”
Castiel helped reset his position between the rails. “I did,” he answered plainly, “and it went just as well as I expected it to go.”
The room filled with laughter and well wishes, but Castiel’s eyes were still on the keys in his hands. He grabbed the larger key, unsure of what it could go to and held it up in question as he had done before.
Castiel shivered as he entered his apartment. Dean was right about freezing his ass off. He loved his bike, but it really wasn’t very practical in the winter. He’d gotten used to bundling up to walk the few blocks to work or borrowing Gabriel’s car when absolutely necessary. He’d even gotten an Uber a few times when he’d found himself stuck at the hospital during an afternoon rain shower. Thinking about it, he looked forward to taking Dean up on his offer to bring him to work in the mornings—of course he looked forward to that for other reasons as well. He smiled to himself as he kicked off his shoes and sunk onto the couch, leaning his head back on the cushions to stare at the ceiling.
“Me, either,” Dean said quietly. When Castiel’s brows furrowed in confusion, he explained, “I mean, I, uh—haven’t had any overnight guests in a long while either.” He rubbed the back of his neck.
He let out a surprised gasp and Dean could feel him squirm beneath him for a moment. Castiel had propped himself up on his elbows, watching with hooded eyes as Dean’s tongue slid slowly up and down his shaft. Dean was thoroughly enjoying the sight of Castiel’s parted lips and darkened eyes and enjoying the feeling of his breathing changing from heavy sighs and little gasps to not breathing at all when Dean traced circular patterns around the tip with his tongue.
Eventually, they relinquished their grip and finished dinner with good-hearted conversation. Bobby seemed more offended by the fact that Sam planned on replacing his old truck than he had by the fact that Dean was dating a man, which Dean mused over for quite some time until he remembered that, technically, he and Castiel were not dating.
Castiel clutched his ribs as he laughed, howling in pain. Once he settled enough to speak again, he just grinned.
“Dean, the weather has been great. The sun has been out, there’s no snow on the ground. It’ll probably be the last good opportunity of the year.”
“There you are, Cassie!” Gabriel draped one arm around his chuckling girlfriend, showing off an inappropriate Christmas sweater with a nude Santa holding a gift box in front of his crotch and bold letters that read
“I—I, um—I was just thinking about—,” Castiel stumbled, but stopped himself. The look on Jess’s face was sincere and concerned. He decided there was no use in pretending. He let out a long slow breath before continuing. “Can… can I tell you honestly? Without you thinking I’m crazy?”
Castiel cleared his throat with a slight shake of his head, directing his words to Charlie. “I’m a pediatric physical therapist.”
The room fell into a stunned silence. Castiel glanced at Dean, slumped against the wall with Ellen using her kitchen towel to mop up his bloody nose. He and Sam were still on the floor where they’d landed when Castiel had finally succeeded in pulling Sam off of his father, though he’d already gotten in a few good hits. Bobby stood rooted to the spot, staring daggers through the window of the closed front door as he watched John’s headlights back down the long driveway.
Even before Dean could speak, John was met with relief. He may not have the closest relationship with his boys, but he could read Dean’s face loud and clear.
Dean's eyes finally found Sam and he nodded subtly. His voice was low when he finally responded, but it was enough. “Yeah… yeah, maybe you’re right.”
He leaned in for a deep, slow kiss. Their bodies pressed together and Dean’s hands cupped Castiel’s jaw as their tongues explored one another. There was a heat between them, but no rush in their movement. Small, light kisses trailed along Castiel’s jaw as Dean’s lips found their way to his ear.
“Mostly because I’m gay and this is my place of employment,” he answered nonchalantly, settling into an empty chair. “Why are you here?”
After another hour and a few more drinks, Castiel was feeling the buzz. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, yawning. Dean chuckled.
Sam hesitated, wondering what idea his father could possibly have that he’d want Sam’s help. The curiosity eventually won out and he answered, “Yeah. Yeah, okay. I’ll come by around noon.”
Still in a sleepy fog, it took a moment for the greeting to register. He spun around to find apple green eyes and a bright smile.
“What I mean is, you’re both living your lives. You’ve found someone to build a future with while I’m just stuck. I’ve been nothing but a thorn in your side that you’ve both just learned to live with and I—I don’t want to be that. I deserve to just drink myself to death and die alone, but I don’t want it. You boys are my reason to live. And I want to see you be happy, in love, starting families of your own, and I can’t—I can’t fix what I’ve done and I won’t ask you to forgive me, because I don’t deserve it, but I promise you, I
Castiel raised his brows in disbelief, “Are you sure about that? I really don’t want to burn your kitchen down.”
After a few seconds of standing, Jack leaned heavily again on the rails on either side of himself. “So, did you go on that date with the nurse?”
This time Dean didn’t choke. Nope, this time he actually spit his beer out all over the counter, much to the chagrin of the bartender. Dean reached across the bar to swipe a towel from the counter behind it and mopped up the mess as he tried and failed to sound casual, “Wh-what are you talking about?”
Dean fiddled with the sunroof, refusing to let Sam see the anxiety he was currently wearing like a mask. “Uh, yeah. But, I mean, we’ve hung out a few times, so no big deal.” He wished he believed his own words.
Castiel hadn’t really known what to expect from this “date." He certainly hadn't expected to spend the last few hours having great conversation with a fun group of people, give or take a certain few, for what he truly hoped would be the first time of many more to come. Sam was smart and witty, although Castiel suspected he may be hiding some pain. Charlie was funny and charming with her bold personality. And Dean… well, he certainly never expected Dean. While the man seemed to be cocky and confident on the exterior, there was definitely much more beneath, and Castiel wanted to learn so much more.
of my family. And if anyone has a problem with us, well… we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. I just—I want you there, Cas. For me. I mean, as long as you’re okay with that.”
The party took a definite upswing now that the group was gathered together. Gabriel and Meg fit in surprisingly well, and Castiel’s chest swelled with happiness at their inclusion. He’d worried that they’d be a bit much to handle, but Gabriel had already won the friends over with his humor, apparently becoming fast-friends with both Charlie and Sam. He suspected that the low bar that Meg had set while meeting them all the first time around had something to do with their acceptance tonight. She seemed much less cold and guarded around Gabriel and it was a nice change of pace.
“No—I wasn’t—dude, seriously?” He rolled his eyes as he pulled back onto the street and took off. “I was on the phone. Lost track of the time.”
Eileen slid off her bench seat and moved to sit beside Sam. It was harder to talk this way, but here they could both watch the pair across the room. “Just watch,” she said.
Dean and Cas each looked at the other with raised brows before Dean shook his head. “Uh, no. No, we’re just passing through.”
Dean took a deep breath, trying to ease the lightheaded feeling that had taken him before he made his way back into the living room. He fell backward onto the sofa, lost in his thoughts. He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, staring at nothing, before there was a knock at the door.
Castiel laughed at Dean’s outburst, leaning into his shoulder as he did. Jo covered her face with both hands in embarrassment, but quickly shifted gears. “So, you guys are looking awfully cute and cuddly. How’s the first date going?” She leaned forward on her elbows, resting her chin in her hands.
“Cas… I’m so sorry. I—I should have been there, I shouldn’t have agreed to go see Lisa, I shouldn’t have let you go…” He buried his face in his hands, leaning forward to touch his head to Castiel’s hand. He was on the downside of his adrenaline rush and the onslaught of guilt and fear were drowning him now.
Charlie mocked a whisper across the table to Dean loud enough for the group to hear, “Don’t worry, I’ll give you all the details.”
As soon as the words left Dean’s lips, he found himself being lifted by Castiel's strong hands, gripping tight at the back of his thighs.
A few hours later, they were seated at a high-top table at the Roadhouse. Dean and Cas would be joining them any minute now, but Sam seized the opportunity to take Jess by the hand. When she looked up at him, he smiled sheepishly.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He stared at the bike again. He thought he’d never see the machine again—thought it had been lost that fateful day—but here she was: different, but whole, as John had said. But she wasn’t just
“So… Dr. Sexy?” he asked with a grin, sliding over to the center of the couch and holding out a hand for the remote.
An hour later, Castiel had washed up and dressed nervously, spending more time than he usually would picking out an outfit that wasn’t too casual, but didn’t look like he was trying too hard. He settled on a pinstriped button-down and dark jeans—neat but not overdone.
Taking his cup and the free biscotti that Donna offered, he settled at one of the tables nearest to the window and waited, watching the door. He didn’t have to wait long before the pretty brunette entered the building. She quickly ordered her cappuccino before heading toward the table. Dean stood to greet her with a hug, and she planted a kiss on his cheek. Once they settled back in their chairs, she reached across the table to lay her hand of top of Dean’s.
Castiel froze, his coffee cup midway to his lips, when he saw the man enter the bakery. He took a moment to appreciate the sharp jawline, the thin but strong frame, and perfectly tousled sandy hair. He couldn’t see them from this distance, but he remembered the green of his eyes as though they were staring into his soul. He scrubbed a hand over his face.
The pair sat side-by-side, close enough that their knees touched. It seemed that since they’d first made contact tonight, neither was willing to be without it for long. “Hey, Jo, how’s it going? How’s Charlie?” Dean gave her a look that begged her to be cool.
“Dean, if we—if this is something that you want, you need to do it for yourself. I won’t say it’s something you have to do, because that isn’t up to me. But until then—”
“Dean, we’re never going to make it out the door if—” Castiel was cut short when Dean spun him around, pinning him to the bathroom counter with a heated kiss. Luckily, there wasn’t much argument as Castiel’s lips parted. Dean reached down to hoist the gorgeous man up onto the counter.
He wallowed in his thoughts as he waited in silence. When Dean and Gabriel finally emerged from the door, he bolted to his feet. Sam was at his side in an instant with Jess at his elbow.
“She’s intelligent. Almost as passionate about her books as you are about your music.” He hesitated a moment before continuing with a tiny smile. “She’s brave.”
He thought he probably sounded pathetic, but the answering smile that Castiel gave him made him forget any doubts he’d had.
There was nothing that Dean could do. He and Cas were both awake, wrapped up in one another’s arms. They simultaneously moved, each retreating to his own side of the bed.
Two hours later, Castiel and Dean sat on the floor of the upstairs bedroom-turned-office boxing Sam’s many books. The room, Castiel had learned, was originally Dean’s childhood bedroom. There were still posters on the walls and a twin bed that had been pushed into the corner. Sam had added some bookshelves and a desk but had otherwise left the room as it was.
“So, Cas,” Dean began, “First date?” The three men glanced toward the bar to see Jo pouring Meg and Ruby each a shot of some dark liquid.
John rubbed the back of his neck. “I know it doesn’t change anything... but since I met Castiel, I've realized that you boys are just… just doing fine without me. And I realized that you’ve been fine without me for a long time—”
“Cas... Mmmh, God, Cas, you’re amazing…,” Dean groaned. He closed his eyes and bit his lower lip, and that was the image that pushed Castiel over the edge. He pumped them both a little harder and Dean came right behind him. When his body buckled, he found Castiel’s lips, first hard and passionate, but slowing to soft and gentle as their bodies came to rest.
He considered Sam’s words as a wave of relief slowly washed over him. The weight of years of secrets lifted from his shoulders. He was lighter, happier—giddy with the freedom as he threw an arm around Cas’s shoulder and kissed him.
Sam chewed on his lower lip. It was true. John Winchester was not the type to lay his feelings on the table, at least not in his experience. Then again, John Winchester hadn’t had a lot to say to either of them at all over the last 10 or so years.
He winked and headed back into his bedroom. The sight of Cas so content in Dean’s bed was surreal. He sat on the edge of the bed and ran his fingers through that wild mane of hair until Castiel finally stirred and opened his eyes.
Dean hadn’t quite recovered yet from the man’s sudden appearance. His mouth opened, but no sound came out. After a moment of gaping like a goldfish, it was Castiel that spoke.
Castiel’s face split into a smile as he considered the fact that Dean wanted to meet his brother someday in the future... that there would
“Old people are assholes too,” Ruby added. “Lucky for me, retail means no brats, but sometimes we get the old ones bitching about prices, like I have any control over that.”
Dean grimaced at the sudden emptiness as Castiel moved away to change position. He pulled Dean up to his knees, turning his away to face the headboard. However much he wished he could watch the heave of his chest and the flutter of his lashes, this would be more comfortable for him right now. There would be time for the rest. There would be more of this in the future, he was certain of it. He tore open the condom, slipping it on one handed, and generously slicked them both with lube.
He gave her a lopsided smile and a nod, and she squeezed his hand in response. They sat quietly for a moment until Anna’s face suddenly tensed, remembering something.
Charlie and Jo were busy hanging garland from the bannister of the stairs while Sam wrapped a string of lights around the top branches of the tree. Of course, he’d been assigned this job. He was at least a foot taller than the girls and Dean and Cas had gotten tied up with Ellen. Sam wondered how that conversation had gone, though he knew that Ellen and Bobby would be nothing but accepting. Just as the thought circled his mind, Bobby came in from the kitchen with a fresh bottle of beer and seated himself on the couch.
“Clarence here is an angel,” she said, running a finger across his chest. “We work at the same hospital.”
Well, I hope you've all enjoyed this journey. ❤ I'm so happy that it's complete, and yet, so sad that it's over! I miss my sweet, fluffy boys already. 😭
Dean gave a slight nod as he processed that statement and ducked back into the bathroom, with the excuse of rinsing his mouth at the sink. But when he looked in the mirror, there was a definite little smile across his lips. He left the toothbrush on the edge of the sink, and headed back to the bed. He crawled across the bed planting a minty kiss on Castiel’s lips.
There was a hesitant huff before Bobby spoke again. “Your dad… He does love you boys. And I don’t want you leavin’ here tonight thinkin’ otherwise.”
A wave of guilt washed over him, and he closed his eyes, leaning his head heavily on Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m a dick.”
When he came out of the bathroom, still toweling his hair, Cas was sitting on one side of the bed, leaning against the headboard with his legs crossed at the ankles and the television remote beside him. He’d changed into a t-shirt and a pair of soft flannel pants, and while that sight was enough for Dean to consider just staying awake all night, it was the television that distracted him.
,” Dean groaned at the loss of Castiel’s mouth, but the returned pressure of Castiel’s fingers on his prostate was enough to send him over the edge, spilling over his own stomach. He winced as Castiel removed his fingers but quickly pulled the man up to straddle over his hips. The view of his broad shoulders and those goddamned hipbones was nearly enough to start Dean up all over again, but right now wasn’t about Dean. He clicked the little bottle open and slicked up his hand. They locked eyes as Dean wrapped his hand around Castiel’s neglected hardness, stroking him quickly and firmly. It didn’t take long before he came, collapsing over Dean.
Castiel surveyed Dean’s face a moment before deciding to continue. “He’s kind. Charitable. He cares a great deal about his family. He visits his grandmother every weekend.”
He ignored the call and laid the phone on the table. Turning his attention back to Lisa and doing his best not to explode, he growled out a response. “What the fuck are you talking about? Experimenting?”
Castiel rubbed his eyes with his free hand. He knew it wasn’t likely that the bike had made it through the accident in any better shape than he was in himself, and yet the idea of it just being gone hurt.
“Then Dad and Bobby did all the hard work,” Sam continued. “Dean was the last to find out, but he got in on some of the finer details.”
He returned to the kitchen and peeked out of the window beside the back door. Sure enough, Dean sat alone on the steps, staring ahead with his elbows on his knees. He stepped outside noiselessly, settling beside Dean and mirroring his position. Dean stared out into the darkness, but Castiel studied his profile. He could almost see the wheels turning behind those green eyes and he found himself wondering what thoughts were brewing there.
“Sam, hon, you didn’t do anything wrong,” Ellen crossed the room to pull him up into a hug, rubbing his back soothingly. “And for what it’s worth, we’re proud of you for deciding to pursue your dream.” Bobby nodded firmly.
In the center of the garage, a motorcycle was up on a stand. Disassembled parts sat stacked on one side alongside a few freshly refurbished pieces that were propped up near a workbench. Sam watched as understanding washed over his brother’s face.
Castiel groggily turned to face Dean with one eye open. He slid his hands around Dean’s slim hips, taking firm hold of his ass. “All mine?”
about it all. Like, my dad just punched me in the fucking face.” He let out a pitiful laugh. “But then Bobby—the stuff he said… It’s all true. And Sam—
They fell quiet for a while, both doubling up on their alcohol until Sam found his way back to them.
“They’re great kids,” he said truthfully, “and Jack has made tremendous progress with Claire’s help.”
Castiel turned his eyes to Dean, and they stood staring for a moment. Charlie sensed that there was a silent conversation happening right before her eyes, and a moment later, Dean reached back into the refrigerator pulling out another bottle. He opened it and set it in front of Sam.
Charlie shrugged. “He’s… had an eventful weekend. I’ll let him be the one to tell you about it. Where is he, anyway?”
After a few more minutes, Castiel steered the bike into a parking lot beside a small deserted picnic area. As they pulled their helmets off, Dean’s beaming smile caught Castiel’s attention.
—but,” he placed a long, warm kiss on one side of Castiel’s jaw, “if this is okay with you—,” he placed another kiss on the opposite side, “I’d, uh, like to keep going for now.”
saving grace.” Dean reached up to give his dad’s shoulder a squeeze. “She’s not flawless,” John continued. “Sometimes new parts and old parts just don’t fit perfectly together, but I think she came out all right in the end. Maybe even better than before.”
He pulled his truck into the first gap he found among the emergency vehicles and hurried toward the ambulance.
Dean let out a hiss when Castiel dipped his head. His tongue circled the head of his cock while featherlight fingertips traced a vein down his shaft.
“You boys mean everything to me.” Bobby said as he scrubbed his hand down his face in an effort to wipe the emotion away. “I just… want you both to know that.”
“What?” Dean shrugged nonchalantly. “Turns out I like brunettes better anyway,” he said with a wink as he approached Castiel and slid his hands into the back pockets of his jean and kissed him.
A Christmas tree had been set up in one corner of the living room since last week, and Sam, Jo, and Charlie were currently fussing over boxes of garland and ornaments. Dean cleared his throat to announce himself, but because Sam was currently distracting Jo by wrapping silver garland around her head, Charlie was the first to spot the new arrivals.
. He was exhausted. He was mentally and emotionally drained, and wanted nothing more than to curl into bed, curled into Castiel’s warmth. The scent of lavender and honey shampoo that lingered on the pillow had him ready to skip the shower and race back to the hospital now.
Castiel’s own hands roamed over Dean’s body, feeling the movements of the lean muscles in his back and shoulders, tracing his hands around narrow-framed hips, dipping his fingertips just under the waistband of his jeans.
This time he didn’t hold back the laugh as he typed out his response. Dean looked around the bakery, finally spotting Castiel at his table near the back wall just as he pressed send.
“Alternator finally kicked it,” Sam answered, straightening up and wiping his hands on an old red rag. “What’re you doing here?”
was what they’d taken to calling whatever it was that John had been working on in the garage to keep his mind occupied these last few months. He worked long hours in there, proving to Castiel where Dean’s work ethic had stemmed from, and he’d been
Dean let out a slow breath, casting a playful glare Castiel’s way. “Keep that up and we’re not gonna make it past the lobby.”
“Well, it’s been a couple of weeks, so far,” Sam said, “but he told Ellen and Bobby about the meetings. They’re helping him.”
Dean sat beside him, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees as he fidgeted his fingers. “You didn’t let me finish telling you what my type really is.” His tone was calm but his heart was racing.
When Bobby looked up at Dean, his eyes were glassy. He pulled Dean into a burly hug, patting him roughly on his back before releasing him. In all the years he’d known him, Dean had never seen the stoic man react that way and it pulled at Dean’s heartstrings.
It was nearing midnight. Dean had driven through the night who knows how many times before, but he wasn’t in any hurry tonight. Sam wouldn’t be back for a few days, so there really wasn’t any reason to rush back to the bunker.
On the opposite side of the fire, Chuck sat chatting with Bobby and John while Anna and Ellen sipped cocoa beside them discussing Anna’s recent promotion. She looked excited about the news and Ellen seemed to be oddly enthusiastic about it as well. Castiel had initially been a little disappointed at the thought of his sister and father’s departure, but Dean was pleased to see the way he lit up with happiness when they extended their stay by a few days to be here with them tonight.
“I believe it was a Corolla, actually,” Gabriel chimed in. Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to laugh or punch him in the face.
“What’s wrong with the truck? Must be pretty bad if you had to go and get something new.” Sam could hear the condescension in his father’s voice, but he had expected as much.
“So, definitely not a morning person,” Dean said as if committing the fact to memory, watching Castiel with mild amusement. Castiel’s cheeks reddened under his gaze.
Dean wasted no time exiting the car and Castiel followed him inside. The living room and kitchen, however, were deserted.
to. I guess I’ll see how it goes. I mean, I tried with Sammy but I obviously didn’t do a very good job. For a smart guy, he sure can’t take a hint. Will you, uh, help me—I mean, if I need—if I can’t—” He stopped his stammering with a frustrated sigh, his point clearly made.
If Dean hadn’t been driving, he would have covered his face in his laughter. On the plus side, his mind was suddenly flooded with all types of images he couldn’t wait to think more about.
He’d heard it enough times already. He and Cas always seemed to gravitate toward one another, and it didn’t go unnoticed. He’d heard it from the angels, heard it from the demons,
Sam turned on his seat and waited for Eileen to mirror him before reaching out to shake her hand. “It’s a bet then.”
“What, your big brother can’t come to check up on you?” Dean retorted, avoiding all the reasons that were currently swimming around in his head for coming to see his brother. He pulled two beers from the green cooler that sat just behind the cab of the truck and offered one to Sam. “You were kinda down when I dropped you off last night. Just thought you might need some company.”
They made it to the third floor, a quiet tension building between them, but halfway down the hallway they both stopped walking. There was a repetitive sound—
He raised a brow and quirked up the corner of his mouth as he looked back at Jess. “Y’know, you might be right.”
“I was starting to think you and Dean-o had decided to hole up and have your own party,” Gabriel said wiggling his eyebrows.
There was no sense in hiding it, but Dean was definitely not talking details with his little brother. He shrugged as he set down his tools, pulling a socket wrench out and fitting it to one of the bolts. “I guess you could say that,” he admitted sheepishly. “I ran into Meg leaving Cas’s brother Gabe’s apartment on my way out this morning, too.”
. The dark blue curtains matched the blankets on the masculine metal-framed bed. There were framed pictures arranged on top of a low black bookshelf. The books here looked well-worn and Dean figured they were probably Cas’s favorites. Beside the bookshelf sat a tidy wicker hamper and a pair of athletic shoes that Dean had seen Castiel wear to work. And in the corner, the door to the bathroom stood open. He made an attempt to dislodge himself from the tangle of arms and legs, but the movement caused Castiel to stir and cling to him tightly.
“Hey, you never know. Twenty years from now, I might need evidence of that one time you woke up before me and cooked breakfast. Plus… you just look so–” He gave up talking and instead moved quickly into the kitchen to sweep Castiel into a long kiss.
“Wait!” Dean waved his hands to stop her. “Please keep in mind that Jo is like a sister to me before you start spilling details.”
“I hope it’s okay,” John began. “Dean came up with the name, and I have to say, it suits her. She was definitely
Castiel looked at her with confusion, while Dean broke into a fit of giggles. When he finally caught on to what Dean found so funny, Castiel prodded his date in the ribs with his elbow. Dean made an attempt to stifle his laughter.
They showered lazily, holding each other in the hot spray until exhaustion set in. When they crawled back into the bed, Castiel curled himself behind Dean’s back, sliding an arm around his waist. Dean, who had never felt so safe and warm in his own bed, allowed himself to melt right into Castiel’s arms, entwining their fingers together before falling asleep.
A few weeks that felt like a lifetime later, Dean woke up to the sound of a car door slamming shut. The sunlight assaulted his eyes as empty bottles rolled off the patio lounge chair that he’d passed out on and onto the cement pavers beneath him. He was in the tiny backyard of the little house where Eileen lived.
“Um… surprisingly well, actually. Especially when I apologized this morning for texting her in the middle of the night. She—she’s going to be in town for her winter break starting this week, and we, uh, have a date.” It was Sam that was unable to hide his smile this time. Dean’s chest swelled seeing his brother so happy.
“He’s gonna be alright,” he said as much to himself as to Gabriel, though his voice was hoarse and cracked. “H-he’ll be okay. Th-the doctor… he said—he said he’ll be okay. I won’t leave him. I’ll do w-whatever it takes. I’ll do—I’ll do whatever I have to do for him to be okay.”
“Uh, yeah, Cas and I—we, uh,” Dean reached over to thread their fingers together and the corners of Jody’s mouth quickly turned upward in surprise, “we’ve been together for a few weeks now.”
Dean had already agreed, though he would probably need to be reminded that he had done so. Castiel stood up and reached out for Dean’s hand. Confused, Dean hit a button on the remote control before letting Castiel pull him up from the couch.
a feeling? Whatever it was, it too was green, and it was Castiel’s favorite color. It was his favorite feeling.
Gabriel gave Dean an appraising look. “Yeah, he does. But he doesn’t usual take it in the winter. What happened?”
“Good, I don’t wanna be worrying my boyfriend is laying in some patch of ice on side of the road—" Dean froze, his mouth still open but no words escaping.
Jess laughed. “Don’t be jealous, Sam. You’re crashing on his couch. Let them have their alone-time while they can.”
Castiel’s heart fluttered. Dean’s tone wasn’t sexual—no, this was something else, and Castiel felt the same way. Since they’d met, a moment hadn’t gone by that Castiel hadn’t ached to be with him. He had questioned whether they were moving too fast, but he and Dean seemed to be on the same page with this whole thing, and he wasn’t about to hit the brakes now.
Dean’s attempt at comforting Gabriel had backfired as he himself was now being guided back down into the chair. “Meg filled me in. I always told him that bike was gonna be the—,” he stopped short, not wanting to finish the phrase and corrected, “I told him that bike was gonna get him hurt sooner or later.”
“Um, hey, Sammy,” Dean responded nervously as he sat across from his brother. “We—I… wanted to talk to you about something.” Cas set Dean’s coffee in front of him before settling beside him.
“Just to say hi,” Gabriel answered. “Dad and Anna are back there now.” Dean could feel him watching, scrutinizing his reaction.
Castiel’s face was stoic and his stare was strong and intense. Sam was impressed at the man’s solidarity and grateful to have him beside his brother.
Sam lounged on the leather armchair while Dean sat in his favorite corner of the couch. Castiel settled on a pillow on the floor between Dean’s legs, and Jo took up the opposite end of the couch. Charlie started the game and passed out controllers.
He leaned forward to leave a line of kisses on Dean’s spine, just brushing against Dean’s entrance as he did so. He straightened as he lined himself up, gradually increasing the pressure, pushing little by little until the head of his cock was inside. Hearing Dean’s sultry groan, it took every ounce of self-control he had not to plunge in too deep. He waited patiently, allowing Dean’s body to adjust as he ran his hands up and down his sides, cherishing the smooth skin and the flex of his muscles.
At eleven, Castiel made his way down to the cafeteria for lunch. He groaned when he spotted a man with dirty blonde hair and rectangular glasses sitting at a table with his camera gear piled on a chair beside him. He made his way through the line and paid for his lunch and a bottle of water before heading toward the table.
Dean flushed. This wasn’t the conversation he’d expected. He avoided eye contact but he nodded. “Yeah… he is.”
Later that afternoon, the trio of hunters carried themselves to the ‘man cave’ and collapsed into their usual spots in front of the flat screen. Dean and Cas each sunk back into the cushions of the old couch while Sam’s long legs splayed out from a large bean bag chair on the floor.
“Good. Alright, Castiel, we’re gonna take good care of you. I just want you to relax for me, okay? We’re gonna take you in for some x-rays and scans to make sure we’re covering all the bases. So far it looks like you’ve got a concussion, a broken ankle and—”
“I mean, telling him was gonna be—it’s a suicide mission. It was never gonna go well. Maybe like this… maybe I can avoid the worst of it.”
Dean ran his hands roughly through his hair, glancing at John who was again by his side waiting for answers.
Castiel covered his face as he laughed, but he couldn’t hide the shake in his shoulders. Before he could respond, Meg stomped out of the cafeteria.
secret was going to stay a secret for a while longer. He twirled the towel seductively as he headed back over to Baby.
Sam picked his jaw up from the floor then carefully closed the door before retreating to the normalcy of his own room.
“Okay, okay. Yeah, it was my fault. I got tied up on a phone call, lost track of time.” He could feel the heat in his cheeks as his face reddened.
Sam rolled his eyes as he pulled a piece of paper from one of the canvas grocery bags slung over his arm. He held the flyer out to Dean who took it groggily and peered at it with one eye closed.
“He’s family,” said a voice from a doorway behind the desk. Meg stood there, looking more professional than Dean thought possible. She and Missouri exchanged a look and the older nurse nodded.
He checked all the usual spots—the library, the war room, the kitchen, the conservatory, even the storage room where their hidden dungeon still sat empty. He was starting to get worried when he found the shooting range empty. He hurried back upstairs to check the garage. Sure enough, the large metal door at the end was open and the sound of the rain echoed through the room.
“It—it’s okay. I’ve, uh, done this part before,” he said shyly. Dean reached behind the solid wooden headboard and offered a small bottle of lube that he’d apparently stashed on the windowsill behind it. Castiel displayed a sexy smirk as he accepted, quickly slicking up his fingers.
It took a moment for Castiel’s statement to wash over Dean, and when it finally did, it hit him like a tidal wave.
As they reached the end of the rails, Claire stood, offering her boyfriend his crutches. “So, what’s the story with the new guy? I mean, I’m assuming it’s a guy.”
“What? No. Calm down, geez. It’s just—,” he sighed. “My dad’s back,” he said solemnly. “And he’s being, well, his usual self. Thinks I’m an ungrateful asshole. Dean hasn’t said a word since he got here.”
Two hours later, it was Castiel that woke first. He allowed himself a few minutes to study Dean’s restful face before slipping out of the bed to brush his teeth. He grabbed one of Dean’s t-shirts along the way to the bathroom. Dean’s shirts were so well-worn and soft, Castiel had started ‘borrowing’ them every chance he got. Dean didn’t seem to mind, though. In fact, he rather seemed to enjoy seeing Castiel in his clothes.
it was but seeing the smile that had spread over Castiel’s face when he was finally able to move around on his own again, he decided not to ask. They moved around one another effortlessly, never quite so far apart that they couldn’t steal glances or a quick kiss if they wanted.
When Dr. Hendricks slid the curtain closed again, Dean turned back to Castiel. He wanted to pull him into his arms and never let him go, but he was afraid to even take his hand for fear of causing more damage. Instead, he gently ran his fingertips along the undamaged parts of the arm nearest him.
Eileen watched Dean retreat, catching Castiel by the arm and claiming a booth on the opposite end of the diner. She turned back to Sam with a knowing grin.
. Praying that he hadn’t drunk dialed any of the random girls he’d hooked up with in the last few months, he worked up the courage to unlock the screen.
Dean nodded, not sure of what else to do. Suddenly his eyes widened as he looked at Meg. “Shit. Gabriel? Does he know?”
They reached the edge of the parking lot that led to the bar’s entrance, but Dean stopped walking, staring at the green door thoughtfully.
“Meg’s on her way,” Ruby stated without looking up from the text she was reading. Her face twisted with disapproval as she scrolled on. “Her date’s meeting her here.
. The fact that Dean had a boyfriend wasn’t even the issue. No, the reason he berated himself instead was for the fact that Dean hadn’t had a father he could trust to talk to about it. He should have been there. He should have known his son better.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Well, I told her everything. I told her about all the girls and about Dad and about—um—about you and Cas,” he paused, waiting for a reaction, but Dean simply shrugged his shoulders. “I told her how miserable my life has been without her,” Sam continued.
“We didn’t do our usual talk-down at the end, Alpha,” Dean pointed out.  “Kinda feels like we forgot to close this one out.”
“What I mean is…” Michael tried to finish the sentence, standing awkwardly.  He couldn’t make the words come, and his face flinched in discomfort.  “I…I’m sorry,” he said, and he fled.
Dean went on but turned and walked backward so he could shout a taunt back.  “You’ve got maps on your phone, Cas.  We don’t use paper anymore, you know?”  Cas waved him on and continued searching the racks.
Primates.  They fell ill so often.  It seemed such a dreadful evolutionary weakness.  Colds and flu, all kinds of weird digestive dysfunctions and respiratory ailments, strange pains that hit out of nowhere and took months to diagnose, Castiel didn’t know how they could stand it.
Michael rolled his eyes.  “Walk away now, Submissive, and I’ll let it go.  Keep pushing me and you’ll get chastity no matter what your Alpha has planned.”  He swiped his tablet nonchalantly to a new page and began to read.  Dean’s jaw worked.  He shivered at the tone from his confident Dominant mate.  He wanted so badly.  Why was no one there for him?  How serious was Michael?  What would he do if Dean flopped down beside him started to jack himself?  Dean discarded that idea immediately.  He knew Michael wasn’t joking, and he didn’t want a week in the cage.  That was the opposite of what he wanted.  Dean stood awkwardly over the bed watching Michael read, trying to find another route.
The two Primates startled back in their seats at the manifest power that they could only sense obliquely.  The others simply stopped.
Dean re-set and tried again. “Babe, I owe you an apology and an explanation about this morning. I scared you, and I ran you through a scene without your consent. That’s a separate thing to what I’m saying about your Omega. I need to know you heard me about that. Say something.”
Cas watched him purple the head of his cock on the upstroke, and he couldn’t hold back anymore. The Alpha leaned over with his hands to either side of Michael’s hips and took the Omega deep into his mouth. He worked his tongue and lips into a solid rhythm, humming happily and enjoying Dean’s dismay radiating from behind him. An alpha in Rut, forced to watch another alpha touch his Omega was their first test. Michael didn’t care. He groaned, lay back, and let the Alpha…  He lasted no time at all. Castiel drank down every sticky drop as Michael spilled with an unmanly whine, clutching at Cas’ hair.
