Not get married? Then again, he never really did get married in the first place. Not officially. And Rosie would have complicated things. Ditching Mary at the altar would have been messy.
“Preparing for a wedding isn’t easy, even without your friend returning from the dead in the middle of it all. It’s quite natural to have cold feet. You’re not the first and you certainly won’t be the last.”
He pulls away carefully, and they lock eyes, their faces level. Neither says anything. They just stand there, breathing.
"We did not identify him. We assume that both he and Small were take prisoner." Anthea explained. Mycroft grit his teeth. Afghanistan was becoming more destabilized as ISIS continued to radicalize recruits. Nowhere was safe. Extremist were targeting schools, hospitals, and other highly populated civilian areas. Troops were being spread thinner unable to handle the strain. It was not just combat troops that were affected at this point either; both the RAMC and RCL were being deployed to help the situation, which was quickly reaching crisis levels. It went beyond traditional combat. Ambushes, like the one that Anthea had described, were becoming more frequent. They were losing more troops to attacks, and soldiers, those that were not immediately killed were going missing assumed to be either AWOL or POW's.
"Peter Small." The recruit said with a firm handshake and a smile. He was young and much too fresh faced, with blond hair and blue eyes, like John, but without a trace of grey or a wrinkle in sight. Most would right him off as green, but John knew better than that. John had learned never to judge a book by its cover. There had to be good reason for him to be here. Applicants for SAS training were the best of the best and thoroughly vetted. John couldn't help but feel a bit old and worn out looking at his fellow soldier though.
"It's true. I've witnessed it, though he hasn't done it since that night…" Sherlock murmured sounding haunted. John frowned looking at Sherlock curiously.
"John, I'm serious. This is purely based on merit. Your record is flawless. It is well deserved and once you complete the training you will qualify for another promotion to the rank of Lt. Colonel." Sholto insisted meeting his eyes evenly. John paused for a moment as he considered the offer. Even within the military, there was a great deal secrecy surrounding the 22 SAS Regiment. The training was brutal and included specialization in one of four different areas depending on the troop assignment. Boat which were maritime specialists, Air which included both HALO and HAHO specialists, Mobility were experts in desert warfare with advanced training in mechanics and Mountain which were experts in arctic warfare. There was also an anti-hijacking counterterrorism team. John knew more about SAS than most as he had worked with a team during his last deployment to Afghanistan during operation HERRICK before being shot in the shoulder leading to his medical discharge. What the hell, John thought. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
“Thank you.” Mycroft murmured into Sherlock’s neck as he scented deeply. Sherlock could literally feel the tension drain away as Mycroft’s tense muscles relaxed.
"Met your match, eh?" Greg snapped feeling more than a bit unnerved. "Who are you?" Greg asked looking at John Watson with new eyes. There was something different about him that Greg couldn't put his finger on. Greg closed his eyes and concentrated reaching out with his senses but hitting a wall, it wasn't Sherlock's ward, which the doctor wore around his neck that was doing it. No, it was something more powerful and ancient, Greg was about to push harder when the ward around his neck pulsed slightly, an ominous warning to stop. Greg heeded it and stared at the man making it clear that he knew he was hiding something.
"No, I wasn't referring to the length of the mission, but rather, how long did you stand idle watching me being tortured before you finally intervened. Admit it, you were enjoying it."
"That should be obvious. This is a matter of national security. That, and I knew you would show up. I couldn't allow you to run wild over this investigation. I'm also concerned about you." Mycroft replied.
The vision morphed and Greg watched as the angelic grace fell into John Watson who lay dying on the battlefield deep in the desert of Afghanistan. The missing pieces fell into place. Greg knew the rest, army doctor wounded in Afghanistan, medical discharge with a meager pension causing him to look for a flat mate leading him to Sherlock Holmes. The rest was history. The vision faded away and Greg looked once again looked upon John Watson's tattered soul. The darkness seemed so vast and the light so weak, yet Greg could not help but cling to hope. For John Watson had proven more than once that he was nothing if not a survivor. It would be up to him. The darkness was much too strong to banish, it may, however be fought and controlled. There was a chance, albeit a slim one. Greg closed his eyes and slipped out of the plane. When he opened his eyes again he stared into John Watson's eyes, now a mixture of gold and blue. Greg repeated the words that he had whispered into the plane. "Oh, John…it's worth saving." John's eyes filled with tears and pink streaks appeared in their wake. Vampire's cried bloody tears, but John's were a diluted. "You've got to fight, it is too strong to banish, but you can control it. You must control it. The darkness, it's choking your grace, trying to kill it." John hissed in anger with the revelation.
"Bill…it's just…well" John trailed off looking bewildered. Crazy. Yes. Bill knew it sounded crazy, but that didn't mean that it wasn't true. Bill stiffened as the sound of footsteps echoed ominously. The captor approached as if sensing his prior thoughts. The cell door opened and Bill was pulled roughly out the door.
"Nay, the bitch got around my runes and I wasn't wearing my ward. It doesn't make sense. I banished a soul eater a few days ago without any trouble, this should have been child's play. Something doesn't add up." Lestrade admitted in a frustrated voice causing Sherlock to frown. Even without the ward, the runes should have kept her out. Sherlock thought back to their interaction. There was something he was missing. The succubus must have had help. She had been nude but for a small necklace. The tear shaped pedant contained a small amount of blood. Vampire. Their blood was powerful and had a number of uses. Depending on the preparation it could be used to enthrall, heal or enchant. It may have been how she had gotten around the wards. While vampires could not be in the presence of crucifixes, they had no affect on demons. If they had worked together, they were able to accomplish much more.
Meet me at the pool, where little Carl died. John Watson is definitely in danger. Come and play. The text came through an unknown number onto Sherlock's mobile. Sherlock swallowed as he recalled the Carl Powers. He had been killed when Sherlock was just a boy himself. He had been so sure it had been murder, but lacked the proof. The police had ruled it a drowning, but even at Sherlock's tender age, he had known better. The boy had been captain of the swim team. There was no way that he had drowned. There were other things amiss. His shoes had been missing and had never been found. It seemed as though a 20 odd year old mystery was coming back to haunt him.
"Case, I have to cut this short I'm afraid. Have a cup of tea. Make yourself at home." Sherlock said as he gathered up a few tools. He reached for the doorknob then paused turning to John.
Sherlock leaves his memories as they are, scattered, and lock the door behind him. The key slides out of the knob and melts into the background. He takes one more moment to sever the threads which led inside the Shadow Room, cutting until he feels nothing, not even the satisfaction of a case solved before everything fades away.
John looked at Sherlock still shaken. He wasn’t sure if this was just another dream; it was easy to lose ones grip on reality in this place. It didn’t seem possible that Sherlock could be here. Even if Sherlock had searched; this place was like the bowels of hell and just as untraceable.
Sherlock's stomach tightened painfully. He knew what he should do. Stake him. End it now, before John rose. Newly turned vampires were feral, ruled only by their insatiable hunger. Many were willing to attack anything, even other vampires, in their search for blood. It was why they were isolated and caged in the beginning, often by their own sires and fed until they were able to learn more control. It took time and coaching for them to learn to control their instincts. The thought of seeing John like that made Sherlock sick. He knew what he needed to do, but as he looked into John's slumbering face, he knew couldn't do it. He picked up his phone and dialed. "Brother mine…I need your help." Sherlock begged unable to stop his voice from breaking as the tears ran down his face.
"I am not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion, but I was there for you before and I'll be there for you again." Mycroft promised as Sherlock struggled to breathe. John. God, John. MIA. His vision tunneled and Sherlock fell deep into his mind palace and out of the shadows, something surfaced.
“What’s wrong, Son?” The voice sounded vaguely familiar but John was too lost in pain to place it. Hands turned him supine and John by bucked against them. He needed. Needed something...it hurt so much...
"It's not that you don't have the skills, John. You do, you'd have to be blind not to see that. Bloody hell, that was some of the best marksmanship I've ever witnessed. But…. No one is immortal. If you're really set on doing this, promise me that you'll be careful." Bill pleaded. John sighed and looked down unable to meet Bill's eyes knowing that he was going into this not caring whether he lived or died.
“When an Alpha wishes to begin courting an Omega, traditionally he asks permission by offering a gift. It starts with a small token of affection. A gift with a personal touch. If the Omega accepts, the courting begins.” Mummy told Sherlock as she attempted to lull the small boy to sleep.
"Nothing." Mycroft answered. Anthea paused clearing her throat before replying in a soft voice filled with worry.
"I will stop you." Sherlock promised. Moriarty smiled knowing just how wrong he was and reveling in it. He had been toying with Sherlock Holmes. Irene Adler had been so useful, until the priest had banished her. Gregory Lestrade. He had been Moriarty's first choice initially, but he had proven to be an exceedingly difficult target. After a number of failed attempts, he had moved on to something that proved to be even better. John Watson, oh what a pleasant surprise he had been. Moriarty had assumed that he was human at first, but he had been wrong. Fallen Angel, better still, one which had not yet been consumed by darkness, still attempting to earn back all of his grace. The best part was Sherlock had no idea.
"John's alive?" Sherlock whispered unable keep his voice steady as hope overtook him. Maybe it wasn't too late.
"John, in light of your exemplary performance today and throughout your current tour of duty, I am recommending that you enter SAS training." James Sholto announced after a particularly hellish day. It had been a clusterfuck and John didn't feel particularly good about his performance. He wished that he could have done more. As the saying went, an ounce of prevention was worth a pound of cure. But John knew deep down that there was nothing that he could have done to prevent those injuries, but it still left him feeling helpless. John looked up at Sholto unsure if he was serious. There was no humor lurking in Sholto's blue eyes as he took a long drag off his cigarette. John wrinkled his nose as the smell of tobacco smoke reached him and for a bittersweet moment he was reminded of Sherlock.
"I'm on a case, no time to sit and eat. I would, however, appreciate some of your garlic rolls." Sherlock requested. Angelo smiled with a quick nod in headed into the kitchen. Moments later, he returned with a basket full of piping hot rolls.
"Anthea." She replied not bothering to meet his eyes. His eyes moved to the gold band on her right ring finger. He could make out the enchanted runes and symbols craved into the band. More wards, he thought, Powerful one. She didn't make the ring; it was given to her. The magical signature attached to it didn't match hers. "Is that your real name?" John asked.
“I cannot speak for others, as every presentation is different, but mine...it was horrific.” Sherlock’s eyes widened at his brother’s brutal honesty. “It was terribly painful, but the loss of control, both physically and mentally, was far worse than the pain. Ruts are...” Mycroft trailed off closing his eyes and shaking his head seemingly caught in a bad memory. Sherlock debated whether to press him. Sherlock knew why their Alpha father had kept his distance during Mycroft’s presentation. An Alpha in Rut could drive other Alphas into a temporary feral state, even if the other Alphas were bonded.
"Stop! Bill!" John protested standing unsteadily moving towards the man. The man sneered at him and slammed the cell door shut before John could do more. Bill looked at his friend knowing that it would be the last time he would ever see him.
"Tink, come to barter?" Sherlock asked with a smug look. The sprite landed on Sherlock's shoulder and murmured into his ear so softly that Martha was unable to make out what it had said.
“Mycroft you’re highly intelligent and motivated and if you put that genius to good use there is no limit to what you can achieve. However, you’re also an Alpha. You need a bond.” His Uncle said bluntly. “Suppressants are not meant for long term use in Alphas and you must cycle off of them periodically to avoid physical and psychological damage. Even on suppressants, unbonded Alphas are unstable. Your parents and I have gone to great lengths to avoid the registry, but there are some things money and influence can’t control.” Mycroft sat in stunned silence. His Uncle sighed and continued. “It would have been easier if you had presented as Omega, but you didn’t so-“
"Name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker's Street." The man stated with a wink as he slipped out the door followed by Molly Hooper. John looked at Mike in disbelief and Mike only smirked and said.
The man was deathly pallid and looked deceased, but everyone knew better. John had become something unnamed; a cross between the light and the darkness. Greg knew it wasn't fair to judge him. John had done nothing wrong, he had not asked to be bitten, but there were still far too many unknowns for Greg's liking. "What ever you choose, make you decision quickly. My light, it has been weakened and I cannot use my holy magic any further until it returns to baseline, that will take time and rest. My relic, it's linked to my light and I will need it to fully restore my soul." Mycroft's frowned deepened as he took in the information, before he could reply Sherlock spoke in a furious voice.
"British Soldiers. I need to know where the British Soldier's were taken." She insisted as the man writhed beneath her.
"No! Please, it was a kelpie!" She shouted as she thrashed in his grip. He paused for a moment as his hand hovered over her forehead ready and able to pour the water over her. Molly whimpered bracing for the searing burn of the holy water.
Fallen Angel. He had fallen from heaven for interfering. Grigori were watchers. While many considered them guardians, they were impotent, forced to watch their charges fall into danger. They were not to act, only observe and report, but he had never been good at following orders and now he was paying the price. After seeing hundreds under his watch be taken by death to meet their final destiny whether that be heaven or hell, he thought that he was immune to caring. But he was wrong; the girl had proven that. His other charges were taken naturally, there were no dark forces twisting the rules. When the demon attacked, he had snapped. The girl was innocent. He had saved the small girl from the demon. Where was the balance if one side would not play by the rules? He had used his sword to strike it down before it could steal her soul. The Arch Angel Michael had in turn struck him down burying his sword into his left shoulder as punishment for his disobedience. He had sacrificed everything, his power, his wings and nearly all of his grace.
Sherlock cut the call and squeezed the phone in frustration. His worst fears were coming to pass. After taking a few deep breaths, he dialed again. "Sherlock?" Molly Hooper's voice wavered uncertainly.
Sherlock was silent for a moment weighing her words before he answered. "I have to know." He repeated and continued. "I'll be on a flight tomorrow."
Mycroft then had the nerve to laugh, but it was cold and detached. He looked Sherlock straight in the eye and Sherlock could barely repress a shudder at his response delivered in an utterly detached voice. It was not a threat, but a promise.
"I suppose you're right about the conjuring. I've caused Lestrade enough headaches over the years and this may be the straw that breaks the camel's back. Do the autopsy and get back to me." Sherlock conceded knowing that he had lost the battle. Molly nodded numbly still in shock about Greg. What else was that man hiding?
“No. No, you don’t. Because I’m not trying to trap you. Maybe that’s what you’re used to. You’re surrounded by politicians and spies. And so you see traps everywhere. Even when there aren’t any.” Greg insisted wondering if anyone would ever find his body. What had he been thinking. Sherlock would be laughing if he could see him now.
“What about Mycroft?” John asked insistently. “He wants nothing more than to see me dead. I don’t want to confront him. I don’t want his blood on my hands and I don’t think you do either.”
"It's finally happened then?" Lestrade probed sounding sad. "Someone's shown you how to care." Sherlock swallowed feeling his chest tighten with guilt. He could deduce what Lestrade must be thinking.
"Oh, Sherlock….the odds; they're not good, assuming that John is even still alive." Irene replied. "There are rumors of POW camps, but they are well hidden and not one has been uncovered. I could use my skills to trade information with the enemy. After all, men tend to reveal all kinds of things in the throes of passion, but if I am caught, I am as good as dead. Prostitution is a capital offense here." She explained.
"I'll call you whatever I please, unless of course you'll tell me your true name?" Sherlock goaded. The sprite remained silent knowing Sherlock had her beaten on that front. "Now what is it you want?" The sprite again whispered into Sherlock's ear. "I have it, but what do I get in return?" The little sprite replied quietly and Sherlock's smile widened. "You have a deal." Sherlock then disappeared into his room and when he returned the sprite was gone.
“I loved our Mother, brother mine. I truly did, but she was weak; weak to a fault, even for an Omega. Uncle Rudolph was the strongest man I knew, despite his Omega status. He graduated with honors with a law degree and became a barrister with the high court. He never confirmed it, but I highly suspect he gave council to GCHQ. By all accounts, he should have died of broken bond sickness when his Alpha passed on, while he was still at University, but he survived, despite being pregnant at the time. He survived the pain of a still birth and held strong when he buried his only son, Sherrinford before the babe took his first breath. That man could literally handle anything and our parents knew that. That was why they brought me to him. I miss him, Sherlock. Sometimes, God help me, I miss him more than our parents.”
Sherlock plays it once, twice, again and again until he can be certain that what he’s heard is accurate. There are only five words and they taste of that night when he says them, after the voice recorder has been returned to the drawer.
“Never in public, Lock.” Mycroft warned sternly causing Sherlock’s breathing to quicken with anxiety. Mycroft closed his eyes and continued in a much kinder tone. “I don’t mind, little brother, scenting amongst family is normal and instinctual  but we must be careful. No one can find out. We have managed to so far avoid the registry if we want to continue to do so we must be meticulous.” Sherlock nodded tucking himself back into Mycroft’s side. “Uncle Rudolph wrote the will before he passed, it’ll be airtight. Our parents were well off.” Mycroft assured hoping to ease his brothers worry a bit.
Anthea was pulled from her thoughts as her phone buzzed with another text. Anthea was unsurprised when she saw Mycroft's number.
"Gregory Lestrade is a paradox. He was when I met him and still is to this day." John raised an eyebrow prompting Sherlock to continue. "So are you John." Sherlock's eyes bore into his for a moment and John squirmed. "You're hiding something. No human could possibly know the things that you do."
"Always good to have someone watching your back." John agreed still wondering if the dog was only trained for tracking. The question slipped out before he thought better of it. "Will he attack on command?" Jones winced before answering.
Greg stood at the alter and lit the candles surrounding it as he waited for Sherlock, Mycroft, Anthea and John to arrive. How had he let himself be talked into this? This was unheard of: a fallen angel that had been bitten by a vampire. What dark creature would it become? Greg shuddered at the possibilities; it would become something much more powerful than either a Fallen or a Vampire, of that much Greg was certain. This was a lost cause. Greg couldn't hold back a ghost of a smile as he touched relic around his neck, the small pendant with chip of bone belonging to St. Jude the Apostle, patron saint of lost causes. "I could use your help tonight." Greg whispered. He was going at this blind. While he knew the ritual, he had never performed it before. It would require that he use a piece of himself, his own light. It was dangerous, not only for John, but for Greg as well. That was why he insisted that Mycroft and Anthea be present. If the ritual failed, then John must be dispatched and buried on hallowed ground to prevent any of the darkness from trying to enter Greg. Greg only hoped that Sherlock realized what a risk he was taking.
"I don't think John knows quite where to look." Sherlock said bringing her attention back to him and away from John. She came closer and examined his face.
"He's not like that. He doesn't feel things like that. I don't think." Sherlock winced, it was quick; and if she hadn't been looking for it, she would have missed it completely. The priest caught it though, and the look that he shot her could kill. Clever man. She thought, much more clever than Sherlock gave him credit for. Before the priest could stop him, Sherlock replied.
Sherlock had looked at her, and for a moment, a naked vulnerability had shone in those changeable otherworldly eyes. Sherlock had schooled his expression quickly, but not quickly enough. It was then that Molly knew that Sherlock's feelings for John Watson ran much deeper than mere friendship. She could never compete. "Molly, are you ok?" Greg asked as he looked at her with concern. "You looked like you were a million miles away just now." He sighed and ran a hand through his silver hair in frustration.
"No, John! You keep it. You'll need it. You're about to wage an epic battle and need all the help that you can get." John sighed and looked at Greg with tired eyes before replying.
“Easy boy, let them get settled.” Greg murmured as he gave the hound a stroke behind the ears. Greg then gave them both an intense stare before speaking again.
"Consulting…detective. When the unexplainable happens, the met often gives me a ring." Sherlock replied evasively clearing his throat as John narrowed his eyes in suspicion.
"Oh, really? We'll see about that. You're wanted for questioning in the death of a boy named Billy Wiggins. I'm bringing you in, Freak." Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his jaw tightened in anger.
John's head snapped up as the sound of footsteps approached. The door creaked opened and Molly Hooper appeared with a blood bag in hand looking very wary. John could hardly blame her. He tilted his head as he gazed at her puzzled by the strange aura surrounding her. It was different from any that he had seen since he was turned. Greg's was a cool blue infused with holy magic and light, while Mycroft's was a soft green simmering with his natural and self-taught magic. Sherlock's was a brilliant gold a mixture of his magic, knowledge and experience. Anthea's was soft lavender, feminine and magical. Molly's was a dark brown, muted and lack luster. John wasn't sure what make of that. John wished he could gaze upon his own aura, but his reflection was gone along with so many other things that were stripped from him when he turned.
Mycroft either didn’t hear him or chose to ignore him. He opened the door and motioned John inside. Hesitantly, John walked in, keeping a steady, suspicious gaze on Mycroft.
“Yes?” Sherlock snaps his eyes briefly away from the vial, and realizes he’s still holding John’s hand. “Oh. Right.”
“John Watson,” he whispers. Skimming his thumb over his cheek, he looks at John with all the adoration he has ever felt. “I love you.”
“She’s getting a little big for that crib,” Sherlock comments, looking up from the blood samples in front of him. “Might be time to upgrade.”
“All right, all right.” John put his phone away and held up his hands. “Just… give me a minute, will you?”
He wasn’t looking at Sherlock, so he had no idea where Sherlock was currently looking, but he got a response all the same. Simple and short.
know what I’m doing,” he assures John, setting one mug in front of him and taking a sip from the other.
“That was brilliant,” John breathes, practically chasing Sherlock down the stairs. “Amazing. Seriously. Sherlock, you’re amazing.” He reaches the bottom of the first flight and starts down the second flight to find Sherlock already reaching the landing halfway down. “Do I say that enough?”
He takes her continued giggling as affirmation, and lifts her into his arms to carry her to the kitchen.
No words are exchanged in the cab. At first it’s tense, each of them anxiously anticipating the other saying something about it. But it doesn’t take long for them to settle into a comfortable silence, and stop avoiding each other’s gaze long enough to share a smile.
“Yep,” Sherlock responds. “Might want to charge him a fine for vandalizing that bridge; he no longer has the excuse of falling to his death.” He adjusts his collar. “We done here?”
“Of course, it’s entirely up to you,” Sherlock states. “Just thought I’d let you know that he’s a nice person who seems to genuinely like you.”
John kneels over the scratch marks. Humoring Sherlock, he opens the magnifying glass and holds it over one of the gouges. He can still see some dried blood on the wood. Neville must have really scratched up his hands trying to get a grip. That part checks out, what with all the splinters where he split the wood, which in turn split him.
For example, John would never have guessed that Sherlock loved dancing, much less that he’d be good at it. He
Without another word, he pushes back from the bars and starts down the hall. John remains where he is for a moment, still trying to make sense of the case in his head.
Sherlock touches his right cheek, catching an unexpected tear as it falls. He gently brushes it away and lets his hands fall to his lap again. With a solemn smile, he relaxes against the back of the chair. He remains there for several hours, watching over John like a guardian angel.
“I’ve really enjoyed reading your blog lately,” Mrs. Hudson remarks. “I have to say, you’re really starting to sound like yourself again.”
He rubs his eyes and yawns, mentally preparing for the day ahead. Then he heads down the hall, his footsteps surprisingly light.
With a sly grin, he fixes his eyes on John’s as his blogger looks back at him, hanging on to every word he says. There’s a spark in his eyes that Sherlock hasn’t seen for a very long time.
“Tell you what,” Lestrade suggests. “How about you cut to the chase here, and you can tell me the full story some other time?”
Their laughter dropped away. John’s heart hit his feet with a deep thud that reverberated through his whole body.
“Oh, I believe we will find him.” Sherlock nods, more to himself than to Mrs. Hudson or John. “We may even find him alive.”
John chuckles at this, and Sherlock looks over his shoulder, catching his eyes and allowing him to see his expression before turning his attention back to the tea.
“It’s highly improbable.” Sherlock spins on his feet and sets off in the other direction. “There’s clear signs of a struggle on that bridge. We collected the blood, tested it, it’s Neville’s blood. He must have clawed at the splintering wood, but couldn’t pull himself back up. Two trails of blood lead right off the edge. So it only makes sense that he fell. But where’s the body?”
The kiss had taken John by surprise. It even took Sherlock by surprise, because he certainly hadn’t planned it. He had acted on an emotional impulse, something his past self would have scoffed at. But it hardly matters anymore what past Sherlock would think, or even what future Sherlock will think looking back. All that matters right now is the two of them sitting in this cab on their way home from a case.
“Mycroft managed to call off the snipers.” Sherlock set his hands on John’s shoulders, seemingly unsure how to deal with the emotional wreck he was quickly becoming. “So you’re not in danger anymore. But I’m afraid I’ll have to stay in hiding for some time. Could be a couple years.”
John walks around Sherlock, checking the drawers immediately to the detective’s left. The stranger gives a cough that sounds suspiciously like a concealed laugh. John glances toward him warily, but he’s already leaned over to whisper something to Molly.
“Circles are two-dimensional,” Sherlock explains, earning an eye roll from John. “That’s a cylinder.”
He bounds up the steps, into the kitchen and over to the fridge, quickly locating the vial he spotted earlier that morning. Fixing a careful grip on it, he heads back downstairs, a little more slowly this time.
Now Sherlock broke off. John could sense his head moving closer to his. As Sherlock’s hand settled on his cheek, John’s eyes fluttered open. Their eyes met, both sets filled with tears.
He scans his eyes over the block, stringing words together in his head, and finally asks his question.
In the kitchen, he finds John and Rosie at the table, a plate with pears and another with orange slices between them. Sherlock watches as John feeds Rosie a bite of pear, then grabs an orange slice for himself. Rosie finishes chewing the pear and starts babbling for more.
His hands still tangled in Sherlock’s coat, John took a small step back and looked up at Sherlock. The man who he had called a machine the last time they’d spoken face to face, who then jumped off a building. To protect him.
They sit quietly, listening to the fire, watching Rosie play. As the quiet stretches on, they slowly un-tense, and as they do, the minimal space between them dissipates, until they’re leaning against each other all the way up to their shoulders. Two strong heartbeats pulse through their atmosphere, elevated but steady.
They glance away again, subtly, just the slightest turn of heads, looking at Rosie instead. John lets his gaze wander toward their block structure, where his right hand and Sherlock’s left hover, barely an inch between them.
“Here’s what's going to happen. I’m going to explain that there was no murder committed. You are going to go home and explain to your distraught family why you chose to walk out on them like that. And you’re going to spend every day moving forward making it up to them.” One sharp look stops the man from speaking again. “Whatever reason you had for needing to make this getaway, we can help you get it sorted. I expect to see you very soon. The address is 221B Baker Street.”
Sound asleep was an accurate description. John smiles at the little girl, her face soft and her hand curled up under her chin. He looks at her little feet, only a couple inches from the edge of the crib. He knows he needs to get a bigger crib soon. She’s much bigger than she used to be, more toddler than baby at this point.
Sherlock smiles softly at the way John’s hair is ruffled with sleep. There’s nothing wrong with the way John works so hard at his hair these days, but well… as Mrs. Hudson would say, it ages him. Not as much as that godforsaken mustache had aged him, but still… paired with his much more defined wrinkles, John’s appearance has changed quite a bit in the last couple years. Not that Sherlock’s hasn’t. But Sherlock’s never been one to pay too much attention to his own face.
“How why what?” Sherlock stands and flips up his coat collar, feigning nonchalance. “Be more specific, John.”
He almost started speaking, then glanced quickly over his shoulder. Mrs. Hudson was out of earshot now. He faced the gravestone again.
John gasps, suddenly realizing that he had deprived himself of oxygen. He immediately puts into practice his PET sessions he had with his therapist and wishes he'd practiced the EMDR more. Opening his eyes, he finds himself nose to nose with Sherlock who stares at him like he's never seen him before. He hears crying and although Sherlock is visibly trembling, there are no tears. It's high pitched and small.
A noise behind him makes him glance up just in time to see a small figure disappear. A very small head appears and John pretends not to notice.
Sherlock turned his head back in John's direction. “Who's your friend?” He asked, all the while staring over John's shoulder at the wall. Typical. The man wouldn't even look at him.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"
Sherlock is stunned. Mycroft has never diverged from their parents’ beliefs before, taking pride in control and emotional distance. “What’s happening to you?”
Sherlock growled, infuriated. “Only if you want to stay. Which we'll find out in about an hour's time.”
"Think you're dead." finishes Mycroft. "A couple baring the same blood types as you both were in a car that caught fire. Now they're in your cells, a part of the prison that has also happened to catch fire. And my boyfriend charmed the Medical Examiner."
in John's humble opinion: "Come on, Myc, four days of this and I'm still not feeling the wild times you promised me."
Sherlock wipes his face. “I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to listen to that. You probably think I'm...”
John grabs him by the shoulders and lifts him up off his own body until they are eye to eye. “Sherlock,” he licks his lips and ignores the fear on the younger man's face. “How would you feel if we went and had our picnic and I took all of your sandwiches because I was so hungry and then I told you to have sex with me because I owed you? Would you have sex with me if
Lestrade lets out a shaky laugh. “Thanks a lot. Just don’t move, okay? You really don’t look too good. Just keep your eyes open and focused on me. Helps on the way.” He turns as footsteps approach them. “We’re gonna need the bolt cutters. Have you got them? Well done.”
When John followed Mike to Barts in the hope of finding a flatmate who'd accept his PTSD and psychosomatic limp, it was as if the stars had aligned for this very moment.
I'm so sorry guys, this is very difficult to update because I am writing a thesis, but I love you all and this story is in NO WAY forgotten. Enjoy!
“No, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.” Sherlock stands up from his chair and gathers his son in his arms. “I’m sorry, Jack. Please don’t cry. I didn’t mean it like that, I’m sorry.” He walks backwards towards Bed and sits his son on his lap. “You’re right, I did promise you. I promised and I should never break my promise.” He sighs. “I’ll do my best, alright? I’ll do my best. I love you. I’m sorry.” He rolls onto his side and tucks Jack under his chin and curls around him, just like he used to when Jack was an infant. “Stop crying now. Shhh. Stop crying. I love you.”
John wanted to kick himself for being so slow. Heck, he would have there and then, if it hadn't been for the limp. He was a doctor. How could he not have noticed. He was a
John is in bed, Sherlock’s sleeping with his head on his chest, he runs his hands down Sherlock’s back and tangles his fingers in his curls until the man slowly stirs and then John flips them over, already giggling and preparing to ravish him, except Sherlock’s fighting him because he’s lost all his other senses and he doesn’t know who’s on top of him and he’s screaming so loudly and…
Pa’s satisfied expression drops. “We don’t have any, Jack, you know that,” he swallows. “Please Jack, we have to be grateful for what we’ve got. We can’t have everything they have on TV. You’re a big boy now, you’re old enough to understand,” he licks his lips nervously. “Now, this cake is a special treat because it’s got sugar and other ingredients in it that I’m not too keen about shoving down your intestines, not to mention damaging your teeth. This is a very special treat, Jack. I haven’t had cake since before you were born. What do we always say?”
Sherlock spits in her face. “He was never your son. He’s mine, he’s always been mine,” he cries harder.
Although Sherlock has decided he will not form a bond with this child, will not allow it to call him Dada, for that was William and only William, he still must provide basic needs. Hygiene, nutrition, clothing. What They bring he gives the child, knowing that if he doesn’t She will beat him. When he has finished giving it basic necessities, he puts in the wardrobe where it can cry to its hearts content.
In the afternoon I come down for lunch. Uncle Mycroft is no longer broken, but he hasn’t moved. Maybe I should say sorry. Or not. I’m still mad about what he did to Pa. He deserves to be broken, just for a little while.
"All of the above." Sherlock breathes deeply, his chest aching from the exertion of staying calm. "She was very... enthusiastic. Like I said in one of our previous interviews, she was... gentler. It confused me. I didn't know what I was supposed to feel."
“I said to surprise the bad guy by doing something different and unexpected. To make the bad guy respect him.”
The Witch looks at Old Magnussen. “I believe you were tired of the passenger seat.” She grins. “It’s your go.” She glances back at Sherlock. “Face him, not me.”
No one moves, Jack still sobs loudly into John’s neck. Mycroft somehow ages ten years. He turns, picks up his umbrella with shaking hands and walks slowly to the door. Before leaving, he turns back to the pair who haven’t moved. His voice is no more than a whisper. “I’m so sorry, Jack.” Then he’s gone.
John swallows and presses the phone closer to his face. “That’s okay. Just rest, alright? I’ll take care of Jack, I swear.”
Sherlock, John and Lestrade stare in bemusment as a small five year old, armed with tin foil attacks a middle aged man armed with an umbrella. Sherlock reaches for his phone and manages to snap a photo. He can tell Mycroft is going easy on Jack due to his superior weapon. Well. That won't do.
knows. It’s like a sixth sense or something. He can always read people by their breathing patterns or whatnot. It was how he knew when John smiled their first day together, how he knows when John scowls at Sally when she yells “Freak!” at crime scenes, the small intakes of breath people take when they lie, etc. To put it quite clearly, if Sherlock knows all of this, then he must be aware of John’s feelings. He’s too smart for this to have passed unnoticed. Maybe he’s uncomfortable about it and has therefore decided against bringing up the subject altogether. But John can’t live in denial for the rest of his life, so Sherlock will either have to love him or boot him out of Baker street.
Mycroft assesses Jack, his poker face impeccable. Jack peeks at him through his hair and Sherlock’s guts twist anxiously. He smiles. “Hello, Jack. Thank you for saving my little brother.”
He can see it. Jack growing up, with Mycroft watching over him and driving him mad as he himself was driven mad by his older brother. Jack living with his grandparents, going to school, proving how clever he is…
“Sherlock, you’ve never known what love is, even when we showered you with it, you can’t say things like that, especially about some monster’s spawn…”
Later that evening, after having been left behind at a crime scene and kidnapped by some guy believing he had Sherlock's best interests in mind and who'd successfully deduced him as pompously as the man he'd met earlier that afternoon, John found himself back in the flat, discussing Consulting detectives with Sherlock, who was high on nicotine.
“I’m going to need to keep them here for a little while Mr. Holmes. I need time to assess them, especially Jack.”
Mycroft walks silently behind the desk to stand behind the members of New Scotland Yard. He stares quietly at the computer screen.
“Well dear, I certainly don’t think you should cut your hair because of other people’s judgment. You have to want it for yourself.”
Two figures lie facing each other, curled up in a double bed. The smallest blinks open his eyes and yawns, before sitting up and smiling down at his bedmate. Pushing his long hair away from his face, he says, “Pa, I’m five!”
Jack’s shouts still ring in his ears, as Sherlock stares immobile at the spot where his son had been standing. A chill that has nothing to do with the temperature of Room seeps deep into his bones. A numbness floods him and he makes his way with difficulty over to Table. He sits on the edge, his feet dangling off the floor. The only noise is Chain jingling and clanking, a reminder of the truth that Sherlock has failed to make Sherlock understand. He listens for signs of life, but Jack is very quiet in Wardrobe.
Sherlock nods and fills up two plastic cups at the sink. The silence behind him indicates he’s being watched. He takes a breath and turns around to face Them and hands Them their cups. They’ve sat down on the only two chairs, so Sherlock sits down on the edge of Bed. They eye him up and down and Sherlock returns their gaze. The Witch tuts.
Silence weighs heavily on them. Sherlock finally takes the initiative and reaches over to his friend.
A fifteen minute cab ride and an explanation that Harry was short for Harriet later, John found himself in a stuffy, messy apartment, without a visible seating area in sight. Glaring at the naive Sherlock, he cleared a space on the plushy looking armchair and sat himself down, stretching his sore leg and confirming that yes, the armchair was “plushy”.
The world spins and John sees police cars and street lamps. He's loosing it. He turns back to the tank.
Sherlock avoids his gaze. His entire body is still trembling from his ordeal. John sits on the edge of the bed and rubs Sherlock’s arm soothingly. He’s surprised when Sherlock reaches out and runs the pad of his thumb over the wounds he inflicted onto John’s face. The moment is interrupted when his stomach gives a loud growl.
Twenty minutes later John has to admit defeat. He would have to ask Sherlock how he taught a five year old such intriquate techniques. When Jack was ready he would take him fencing. Kid was already an olymic champion compared to him and that was with a wod of tinfoil. To say the least, John's impressed. He wipes sweat off his brow. Jack is a picture of ease.
It takes him a moment to remember the conversation. “Your brother has been distant. Not aware of his surroundings. Distracted.”
Mycroft squeezes his hands. “That’s the first step. It may seem impossible, but you will recover from this. You will live your life.
Sherlock jumps to his feet, ignoring the pain in his leg. Mycroft also stands and puts himself between his brother and their parents. The only sound is Sherlock’s heavy breathing.
Sherlock’s ears are ringing. It’s possible he’s going into shock. “But I’m your son,” he rasps pleadingly. “How could you do that? There wasn’t a single day that passed that I didn’t think of you. And you told everyone I was an addict?”
A strange sound reaches his ears. Mycroft was shaking so hard his teeth were chattering. Lestrade rubs his shoulders. "We got them, Myke. We got them. Charles Magnussen and Mary Morstan will never see daylight again."
This chapter is entirely Jack's POV again, but I know that reading an entire page in italics can be exhausting. So I'm making an exception, just to make it an easier read. ;)
Anthea grabs Mary and Lestrade grabs Magnussen. They drag the pair kicking and screaming to the edge of the six-foot-deep hole and push them in.
“We call it the science of Deduction. I wrote a paper about it at school.” Sherlock sighs. “That was a long time ago now.”
“Your point?” As it turned out, Sherlock did not like having meaningless conversations, John learned quickly.
“YOU’RE NOT GETTING A PRESENT, JACK, AND THAT’S FINAL!” barks Sherlock, slamming his hand on Table and they both freeze as what he has just said sets in. Jack’s bottom lip quivers and he bursts into tears.
The older man swallows, eyes locked on Sherlock’s face and the bruises that run along his jaw line, down his neck and disappear down his chest and into his dressing gown. Sherlock squirms under his scrutiny. Feeling belittled compared to his older brother who still hadn’t uttered a single word, he attempts to stand and grasps the bed for support when his injured leg refuses to hold his weight. Mycroft is cataloging every one of his injuries. Sherlock has so many things he wants to say: Where were you? You were right all along.
Sherlock is now sat on the floor, his face buried in John's jumper. It's soft and smells of safety and pirates and tea. He buries his face deeper.
John is pretty sure he never actually woke up this morning. He wanders over to Lestrade and notices how he has the same expression on his face.
“It's a birth certificate.” Sherlock cups his son's face. “I wanted you to have one. Now everyone knows you exist.”
He's not always sure how to be around Sherlock. Jack is still relatively shy, but Sherlock has forgotten all social skills around other decent human beings. He and Jack rely on each other so much it is almost as if they have become an extension of one another. If Jack is ever to attend school and meet new people, he will have to learn to live without his Pa in the same room as him for more than five minutes. The idea of even having a closed door between them is too painful.
Sherlock sat up. “Hungry? I know a great restaurant. You'll have to watch out for any suspicious activities. You need to be my eyes, so we can catch this killer.”
“But, Pa, who are you worried about?” Jack ponders what his Pa has said and the expressions on his face and tries to deduce. He reaches a strange conclusion. “Why are you worried about me, Pa?” But Sherlock is already asleep.
They arrive at Bart's and are led straight to the morgue. Doctor Hooper awaits them, smiling nervously.
“Jack is well, Sherlock. He is well and waiting for you to get better and to come home. And together we will learn to open up to the people who love us so we don’t hurt them. We will be better people together.”
The scene before him is familiar. The enemy are around him, two of his comrades are on the ground with their hands on their heads. Captured. Fuck.
Years in the army had taught him to be wary and to know when he was being watched. It was this gut instinct that made him turn his head towards the doorway, to find Sherlock facing him, his eyes set on John's waist.
Father and son stare at their respective parcels. Jack runs to Sherlock and tries to climb onto his lap. Sherlock scoops him up. “Come on, Jack, why don't we see what Mrs. Hudson got you?”
“Yes. You have a grandmother, a grandfather and an uncle. And if they met you, they would love you very much indeed,” he sighs, “but that’s not the point, Jack. Anyway-“
"I have an idea actually. Headphones. Spend some time today working out what music Jack likes and put it on your or Sherlock's phone. Two hours playlist max should do, just so he can lay on the couch but be unawares of what is said. Probably even better if Sherlock has his back to him. Whilst the investigation is still ongoing, it'll be better for everyone if we make this as easy as possible for them." He rubs his face with both hands. There's a tiredness that weighs on him and John regrets not having asked before.
Before Sherlock can even formulate a reply, his legs give out and everyone dives forward to catch them both. His eyes close and Jack is taken away. He can hear John talking to him and as he opens his eyes. John is bouncing Jack gently and smiling down at him. He can’t hear Jack’s reply. The doctors and nurses take him to the bed and sit him down on the edge and ask him to strip off. Seeing that Jack has gone back to sleep he complies, shame burning his face. He knows what questions will be asked as soon as he reveals all his injuries. One nurse falls silent as she notices the blood stains on his underwear. When Mike spots it too, he looks at Sherlock.
The doctor recovers quickly. “So could you and Lestrade. Didn’t know you had penguin contacts in Antarctica. How is Mrs. Lestrade?”
It takes him a year to understand what she meant by “I don’t want to see my eyes in this place”. Seeing Jack’s eyes in Room would mean She would be able to picture herself in here. Jack is a mirror She didn’t want to have to look at. She demands that They never speak of the boy again and Sherlock slowly learns that he can love this child without fear of losing him.
Refusing to lie, he simply stated. "There are no guarantees in life, Bill. Even if something happens to me, I don't have someone back home depending on me like you do." John was referring to Bill's wife, Kate. "You're the one that should be careful."
"That may be true, but he's powerful in all things, personally, politically, financially, and magically and that in my book earns him respect." Lestrade replied.
"Changeling, John. They are destine to wander, even if one attempted to place him in foster care. He would never stay." Sherlock answered looking annoyed. "The kindest thing I can do for him is to make sure he eats regularly and in return, he serves as eyes and ears for me. Changelings are able to sense the supernatural. He really is quite helpful." Sherlock explained. John sighed knowing that Sherlock had a point, but still not happy knowing that boy was living on the streets.
"Close the church until the runes are removed or the suicides will continue. You're lucky your wards held, Father. The longer you're exposed the greater the pull." John warned. "We should go. Track the succubus. It may know something." John then turned and left the church as Greg and Sherlock followed both of them stunned and a bit in awe.
“When I present...what will we do?” Sherlock trailed off unable to mask the worry and fear from his voice. “Please don’t send me away, I don’t want to be alone.” Mycroft shook his head and pulled Sherlock close.
"We have more in common than you'd like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer and you know how it always upset Mummy."
"What are these?" John asked as he continued to survey the room his eyes landing on he skull on the mantelpiece.
“God Johnny, why?” Harry asked between sobs. John looked at the ground for he had no answer. He had always been interested in medicine but now he was determined study it. He never wanted to stand helpless over a hospital bed again. “What will we do?” Harry asked.
"I think I need someone to guard me from you, my dear." He joked as he moved to loosen his belt and lower his zipper easing the tightness in his pants that his growing erection was causing. Anthea laughed.
She sneered at him turning to Mycroft and taking off her crystals and placing them over his still form. "Sherlock advised against that." Greg warned gripping his relic tightly preparing for the worst. "Let him awaken on his own; safer than forcing it."
Greg lit the incense and allowed it to spread for a moment letting the familiar scent ground him. He glanced at Sherlock's worried face and his eyes slid back to John's still form. It all came down to this. Greg then took a deep breath and began to chant, the relic around his neck pulsed with holy magic as he began the ritual. "Exaudi nos, Domine sancte, Pater omnipotens, aeterne Deus, et mittere digneris sanctum Angelum tuum de caelis, qui custodiat, foveat, protegat, visitet, atque defendat omnes habitantes in hoc habitaculo. Per Christum Dominum nostrum." Hear us, O holy Lord, almighty Father, everlasting God, and vouchsafe to send thy holy Angel from heaven, to guard, cherish, protect, visit and defend all that are assembled in this place: Through Christ our Lord. The candles in the Cathedral flickered ominously and lightening streaked across the night's sky followed by the roar of thunder. Greg paused and looked at John debating whether he was doing more harm than good. The enchanted wings over his back oscillated rapidly, one moment white, then the next, black, moving back and forth never settling.
Copy, please advise. Anthea answered deciding that if fieldwork was necessary. This time she would insist on accompanying Mycroft Holmes.
In the interim, Sherlock tries to piece it all together, only to have it fall apart in his hands. He senses he’s missing something obvious. It frustrates him not knowing whether he’s missing one big piece or many small pieces.
John woke abruptly with a gasp and groaned, feeling disoriented in the dark unfamiliar place. God! Everything hurt, he felt like he was burning up. He gagged as strong smells overwhelmed his senses. John shook his head in an attempt to clear it but it did no good. He writhed and whimpered. His groin felt heavy and the sides of his neck ached. I’m dying. He thought as he clawed at his pillow and began to rut against it needing friction. But it wasn’t easing the pain, if anything, it was exacerbating it. John screamed as he felt pain explode in his groin. It felt like something was trying to come out, but it was too large to pass. John stiffened when he heard rapidly approaching footsteps followed by the door being swung open.
"Appointment in Samara, the merchant who can't outrun death. You always hated that story as a child." Mycroft replied sounding perplexed.
Major James Sholto skimmed the names under his command. Most were new recruits, but there were two experienced officers lumped in with the rest, a Lt. Peter Jones and Capt. John Watson. Sholto racked his memory, but neither name rings a bell. He had pulled the files on both men and was surprised to find that the Captain was a former RAMC physician, but there was not much else mentioned. Why would a physician enlist as a full combatant? The file was extremely thin for a man of his age and Sholto would bet his bottom dollar that the information had been redacted. He made up his mind then and there to watch the man closely. The other, Lt. Jones was beginning his third tour, however it would be his first time serving in Afghanistan. He was trained as a handler and would be serving with his bloodhound Toby.
"Judge not, lest ye be judged. No one is perfect, Father." John reminded pointedly. John left Greg's question unanswered. The priest was getting too close for comfort.
Too late. Sherlock feels like he is always one step behind. First the cabbie, then the pool, and last, the fall. “You’re ordinary,” Moriarty’s voice mocks him. “Your friends will die if you don’t.” He is out played again and again. He had been to late in Serbia. Too late for John.
"Then the rules are wrong." Sherlock retorted receiving a roll of the eyes from John. Before they could continue the argument, the bell rang interrupting them.
“Detective, I fear I must end this, as enlightening as your opinions are, I cannot allow myself to succumb to the sunk cost fallacy. It’s irrational to dump resources into a failing venture just because you’ve heavily invested.”
While Mycroft attempted to shut out all emotions, he never quite managed to be successful. It had started with Father. Mycroft could not repress a shudder as he recalled their Father’s hands roaming over him. Mycroft had always been protective of Sherlock and Mycroft vowed that he would not allow his brother to suffer the abuses that Mycroft had.
Sherlock took a steadying breath before replying. He was walking a tightrope and one misstep would result in him falling. The thought took him back to the rooftop of Bart's and Sherlock could not repress a shudder. Moriarty's taunts echoed in his mind. "Fallings just like flying except there's a more permanent destination. But it's not the fall that kills you; it's the landing." Mary cleared her throat pulling him back to the present.
"Yet, you have never expressed concern for the priest associating with your brother." Anthea retorted a bit taken by surprise at the revelation.
"I may not have been able to banish her, but I can track her." Lestrade confided. "She slapped me and split my cheek opened with her ring. My blood was on her hand." Sherlock could hear the satisfaction in Lestrade's voice.
"All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage, John." His voice held no inflection and that in itself raised questions in John's mind. No one, not even Mycroft, was that controlled.
"You'll have to go through me first." Sherlock threatened standing over John's prone form. His eyes shifted eerily in the candle light, for a moment Greg caught a glimpse of natural magic in them. It was proof of what Greg and many others had long suspected, Fay blood ran through the Holmes line. This was the first time Greg had seen any hint of natural magic in Sherlock, and Greg could not help but admire his control. Anthea frowned deeply seemingly caught off guard by Sherlock's display. The crystals on her earrings and necklace glowed softly in the candle lit cathedral, magical talismans which amplified her own natural magic.
Emotions rose from the depth of his soul. Denial, then hope, then joy and finally rage. “SHERLOCK!” John screamed. The shout did what John intended it to and woke the man.
“What was it like?” Sherlock asked as he clenched his anatomy book unable to hide his distress. His brother stared at him, seemingly weighing whether he would choose to answer. Sherlock looked down as he flushed with embarrassment. He knew it was wrong to ask but he needed to know. Presentations, like heats and ruts, were rarely discussed openly even amongst family it was considered private and a taboo subject. Their parents had known it was starting before Mycroft had. They had taken Mycroft to their Uncle Rudy’s. To this day, Sherlock had not deduced the reason. At the time, their Uncle was a widowed Omega, but no one would ever know it. Their father’s brother may have been an Omega, but he could strike fear into even the most dominate Alphas. Mycroft sighed looking tired and sad.
Father Tragillio made the sign of the cross and murmured something so low that Greg couldn't catch it over his mother's body. He took the stake and carved unfamiliar symbols into the ground around his mother's body, which pulsed and glowed softly before fading away. He then got up slowly looking as if each movement caused him pain. He turned towards Greg and made his way into the church looking, not haunted as one might expect, but tired and weary. "I'm sorry, Gregory. I came too late for your mother, but I promise you her soul is now safe from darkness." His thick Sicilian accent colored his words and diction, the extra vowels making it sound almost musical.
"Don't know, but I can say for certain that it was something supernatural. The boy was smart and knew how to cover his tracks. Sherlock will find out. He won't admit it, but he liked the kid. His murder won't go unsolved." Greg assured. "Go track down Sherlock while I make a few calls." John nodded stepping up to the curb and hailing a cab.
“That’s Bill, Bill Murray.” Mike pointed to the tall ginger haired boy in the corner. The teen caught John’s eye briefly with a quick nod. He was tall and slender, but one could make out defined lean muscle. The teen had pale skin, freckles and striking emerald eyes. John inhaled deeply catching his Alpha scent. It was much stronger than Mike’s. John wasn’t sure what to make of him quite yet. “Bill’s good people, just a bit slow to warm up, he is.” Mike assured.
"I-I promised Mycroft. There are state secrets." Molly stammered as Sherlock continued to stare at her hopefully.
Irene squinted and gazed at Sherlock critically. There was emotion burning just below the surface. "You've changed. It's not a game anymore, is it?" There was no malice in the softly spoken words, only sympathy. Sherlock nodded stiffly looking ashamed having his words thrown back at him, albeit kindly.
"I've been through officer's training at Sandhurst, for the love of God, Mycroft. Can't you work your magic to get the bloody requirement waived?" John had asked as he had bulked at the idea of being forced to endure a 14-week phase one training course.
"How did you know I'd come here?" Mary demanded. Sherlock looked her straight in the eye and answered in a cold voice.
"Sherlock Holmes is a great man, and one day, he may even be a good one." Greg replied in a soft haunted voice. John suddenly felt guilty for pouring salt in old wounds. Some things were better left buried. There was obviously a painful history beneath the surface between the two men that John was unaware of.
“Sherlock! Give the man a break. He needs to recover. He nearly died.” Sherlock scoffed and retorted.
If she encouraged him to let it go, it may point the finger in her direction and further fuel his conspiracy theories. But if she encouraged him to investigate, there was always the possibility that he may stumble upon information that he was never meant to discover. Sherlock's death must remain unquestioned for both his own safety and in order to safeguard his mission. Molly was only brought into the inner circle as a last resort and though she worried about John; he was not the main focus. Sherlock must dismantle Moriarty's web. That was what had been repeated to her over and over. Though Molly suspected that Dr. Watson meant more to Sherlock than anyone suspected, and that if something happened to him then Sherlock may do something drastic. What that action would be remained up for debate, but Molly was sure that it would not beneficial to the mission to take down Moriarty's web.
"A very old one." John answered and turned away going to the statue and dipping his finger into the blood, which still ran from the eyes. He then whispered something in the strange lilting language. John smiled as it glowed briefly. "They forgot to enchant the blood. You're looking for a succubus, but they didn't work alone. Something else was here. The succubus came first and created the weeping statue. It was simply looking for meals. Sex demons favor churches for some odd reason. Later, another more powerful demon came after and made the runes, which caused the suicides. It wanted to steal souls.
“You’re simultaneously demanding that I share all the secrets you imagine I’m keeping from you and warning me that I should fear the consequences if you disapprove of what I’ve done. I’m forced to conclude that’s what you want--for me to lay myself bare so you can verify your suspicions.”
"What do you mean re-enlisted? He was shot and given a medical discharge!" Harry shouted clearly shocked and angry.
“You are the best and the wisest man that I have ever known. And yes, of course I forgive you, but it still hurts. I wanted you not to be dead. I begged for it.” John admitted hoarsely. “I loved you, I didn’t see it until it was too late.”
"This is losing." He whispered in a hoarse voice. "I have to find him." Irene nodded, unwilling to press any further. Irene then moved towards him and whispered in his ear.
“I’m telling you what I see. And I know a trap when I see it.” Mycroft coaxed. “Tread carefully, Detective.”
"What is this? A bloody coup? I warned all of you. You went in with your eyes wide opened." Greg replied feeling hurt and abused. He had wanted to help and this was the thanks that he got? So be it. Greg didn't need their help. He twisted Mycroft's ring off his finger and shoved it into Anthea's hand. Once it was gone and Greg's vision tunneled, he realized his mistake too late. "My relic…" He was barely able to get the request out before losing consciousness once again.
"Newly turned require fresh blood Sherlock." Mycroft said looking torn and unsure. John could understand the feeling. He wasn't acting like a newly turned vampire. They were feral and ravenous, so crazed for blood they were willing to drink from anything, be it human or supernatural. John should have attacked immediately upon awakening desperate for blood.
Moran whistled sharply and another stranger entered the room standing in front of him. Moran made a gesture that John couldn't see and John cried out suddenly as he was jerked up into the air by the torso wrenching his bad shoulder. He couldn't help the cry that escaped his lips as he felt his bones bend in protest. "Funny how fate works, isn't it, Johnny? Imagine the odds, you could almost call it destiny. You were in the Unit back in Helmand during operation Achilles. Ring a bell? You know, the one that I was using as target practice. Such a shame that you moved just as I shot you or else you would have died and in that desert and saved me a lot of trouble; even so this nearly killed you, infection set in, major nerve damage." Moran surmised as he made his way to stand in front of John and lifted his hand to touch the distinctive starburst scar pattern left in the bullet's wake. "Nevertheless, what's done is done. It's a miracle you survived." Moran insisted and then pressed his fingers into the tender tissue causing John to grunt from the sudden flare of pain. John suddenly felt sick as he saw the glee in Moran's eyes as he pushed harder digging and twisting causing John to hiss through gritted teeth. "You've caused me nothing but trouble and I'd like nothing more than to kill you, but not until I get what I want. Until then, John Watson, I'll leave you at their mercy."
"Finish it!" John hissed. "Put me out of my misery." Mycroft's eyes narrowed and he seemed to hesitate. He backed up slowly and crouched down over Greg's still form placing a hand over his heart. The mage's hand glowed brightly and the light spread across the priest's body before fading away. Before John could urge him to kill him again, Greg moaned loudly and started to sit up slowly obviously still dazed. John stared at the priest momentarily distracted. John needed to know what happened. Had Greg done this to him? Show me, John thought. John concentrated causing his eyes to glow and a vision flashed before his eyes. Greg at the alter chanting in Latin, then anointing the holy water with his own blood and pouring it over John's back. The vision vanished quickly as the relic around Greg's neck pulsed brightly causing John's head to ache. "I don't know whether to curse you or thank you Greg." John whispered in a hoarse voice feeling exhausted suddenly. John bit back a groan as his stomach cramped painfully as the hunger rose again. John clutched his abdomen and clamped his jaw shut. He needed to feed. "Hungry," John ground out.
"Sherlock, I don't think that it was wise to mention the possibility of a werewolf in front of that man." John insisted wondering just what Sherlock was thinking when he agreed to this.
Sherlock couldn’t meet John’s eyes because he wasn’t sure what to do about Mycroft at the moment. “We will deal with him later.” Sherlock assured and John merely rolled his eyes in response.
"Not going to miss this place much are you, Captain?" John was pulled from his thoughts by the voice of Bill Murray. John smiled looking up at him with a shake of his head. Bill returned it with a knowing smirk. Bill was tall and lean. He had green eyes and red hair with a smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose. He looked much younger than he actually was. Bill was one of the recruits that John had mentored and he would miss him when the new assignments came through. Bill was a quick study and had a good head on his shoulders. John was confident that he would excel. He was a bit older than most of the new recruits, having already finished college with a degree in nursing and already had a few years of practice under his belt. Because he was enlisting with a background of civilian medical training, he qualified for officers training and could have chosen to entered as an officer as an RN in a base hospital. But he wanted to be on the battlefield and had chosen instead to become a combat medic, which would put him on the front lines treating soldiers. Stating only, "If I wanted to work in a hospital, I could done it as a civilian."
The first time he stumbled into it, he had immediately written it off as a glitch and emptied it. It is unusual for a single, unattached memory to sort itself, but not entirely unheard of. Fragments are more common for some sorts of memories than others. When he discovered that it had not disappeared several visits later, he felt a faint stirring of unease. Nothing that he has read mentions entire rooms that appear of their own accord, but there can be no doubt that he did not build the Shadow Room or deliberately place within it that singular, obscured memory that he has never been able to explain.
This did not bode well. Mycroft debated over whether to tell Sherlock immediately. Ethically, he should. But Mycroft knew that Sherlock would abandon the mission as soon as he found out. Sherlock was close, how close was hard to say, but if he could hold off for a little while, Sherlock may complete his task. Mycroft knew that Sherlock may never forgive him, but there was nothing that his brother could do for John Watson at the moment. Mycroft twisted the gold band on his right ring finger anxiously as Anthea posed the question, which he had been internally debating. "What do we tell Sherlock?"
"I suppose that was a fairly obvious trick and you're about to find out. It all comes back to you. What was it that he said? Oh, yes. I remember. 'I'll burn you, I'll burn the heart out of you.'" Sherlock blanched in shock as she repeated Moriarty's words from the pool. How had she known? Of course, it had to be Moran. He was missing link, the final thread.
"Attention!" He commanded. "For those of you that haven't heard, I am your commanding officer, Major James Shloto. Insubordination will not be tolerated. Now, let's see what you've got. About face, forward march!" He always ran basic drills the first day in order to assess skill levels.
“Oh. You mean…Look.” Greg chewed his lip. “I think we were talking about different things. I was thinking about a case. That guy tortured the woman he murdered for fun. And that, no, that can’t ever be justified. I get that you’re talking about like, interrogating terrorists because there’s an imminent bomb threat or whatever. And that’s….”
"What night?" John probed. Sherlock sighed and shook his head again changing the subject back to the dead priests.
Irene smelt the brimstone as the portal opened and as she was pulled through her gaze drifted back to John Watson. He stood behind the hunter and the priest now hidden in the shadows. With the priest's holy magic peaking, there was now a glowing aura surrounding Watson in the shape of wings. Before she could contemplate the meaning of them, the portal closed disappearing and with it the so did the strange aura surrounding John Watson.
"No! You don't understand. I didn't kill them! I swear it. I was looking for the one who did." Molly insisted as the priest roughly pulled her hands behind her binding them with his silver rosary causing her to hiss in pain as the silver burned her flesh.
John was pulled abruptly from his thoughts by an unfamiliar voice. "You looked as if you were a million miles away. Don't let Major Sholto catch you staring off into space like that." John's eyes flickered over the man's insignia noting that he was a lower ranking officer, Lieutenant, before moving up to meet the speaker's eyes. He was tall and broad shouldered with hair as dark as Sherlock's with dark brown eyes. He was accompanied by a large bloodhound that stood stoically by his side. John frowned as he took in the animal. It wasn't that fact that the officer was a handler, service dogs were often used throughout the regiments, it was the breed that took him by surprise. Most war dogs were shepherds. Bloodhounds, though unmatched by another breed in terms of tracking ability because of their superior sense of smell, had a reputation for being stubborn and easily distractible, making them very hard to train; and those traits were undesirable in service animals. "Name's Jones, Lt. Peter Jones." He introduced himself and then gestured to the dog. "This is Toby." The dog's tail wagged when he heard his name and his tongue lulled out as he started to pant. He then went on to say. "I see that we'll be serving together. Have you met Major Sholto yet?"
Not likely, he thought. He'd never begged for mercy in his life and was not about to start now. She didn't realize that he was a median and the irony of her own words. She was the one that had killed the priests. But why? Succubi and incubi rarely fed to the point of killing their victims. It was unnecessary and counter productive. Greg swallowed and tried to speak but the demon's spell had been cast leaving him helpless. It didn't make sense, there were runes carved into the walls. They should have stopped her. Something had gone wrong. Greg cursed himself for not wearing his ward to sleep. "He didn't even ask for anything, just likes to cause trouble. Now that's my kind of man." She gloated as she straddled him. Jim Moriarty. The name meant nothing to Greg. What was he missing? Sherlock, it came down to Sherlock.
"Here!" Sherlock's voice called out. Mycroft followed the sound of his brother's voice moving in its direction. Sherlock then appeared in front of them as the veiling broke revealing Sherlock standing next to John Watson's body. Mycroft came closer feeling his heartbreak a bit for his brother.
“This is trying. Sherlock I still don’t think you understand.” Sherlock shook his head cutting him off not about to be pulled back into another philosophical discussion.
"What the bloody hell are you doing with a priest? You wouldn't know faith if it bit you in the ass." She claimed.
Even with his parents urging, Greg was sure that if it hadn't been for that horrific encounter, he would have likely eventually fallen away from the church and become just another lapsed Catholic, but God had other plans. Libera nos a malo. Deliver us from Evil. Evil existed and Greg had seen it for the first time that night, the night that had changed his life forever.
He couldn't think. Mycroft's words bubbled up. Narrow it down. Sherlock grit his teeth in frustration. Time was running out. He needed to clear his head. God, he missed his violin. It was a Stradivarius, crafted by Antonio Stradivari himself. The instrument had been in Mummy's family for generations. It had been gifted to his great great grandfather, Horace Vernet in exchange for one of his paintings. It had been passed down from generation to generation coming into his possession with Mummy's death. Sherlock sighed as he remembered when had first glimpsed the instrument in the music room instinctively sensing its beauty and unique quality. That is a very special instrument, mon cher. Mummy had murmured to him as she brought it to him to inspect. It is still a bit too large for you to learn on. We will start with a smaller one. Sherlock had insisted that he wanted to learn on that instrument. Mummy had looked closely at his hands and decided to indulge him.
“I have never taken your… willingness to overlook my flaws for granted, Detective. I know that some of what I asked of you cannot have been easy. And I promise you I would not have done so if it hadn’t also been necessary.”
“You think that I’ve done all sorts of terrible things I won’t tell you about because I don’t want you to think badly of me.” Mycroft chuckled coldly which sent a chill down Greg’s spine. Ice man.
"Sherlock, are you all right?" Molly asked as her eyes moved warily from Sherlock to John who was now slumbering deeply oblivious to her stare. She couldn't hold back a shudder as she gazed upon him. Both she and Sherlock watched transfixed as his elongated fangs retracted nearly completely from sight leaving only the tips visible with John's lips slightly parted. The talons also disappeared and a pink flush entered John's once pallid cheeks. Molly blushed as she noticed a tell tale bulge in John's trousers.
"It was for a case." Sherlock retorted with a huff. "Did you have to have us escorted here?" It was then Mycroft's turn to scoff.
"Ta." The boy said as he continued to stare at John suspiciously. "You really a doctor?" He asked. John nodded as the large hound made its way over to him and started to lick his hand. The little boy smiled. "Toby likes you and sees things most people can't. If he trusts you, then so do I." The boy proclaimed. John was unsure of exactly what to make of the boy and his charge, but he certainly sensed that this was no ordinary child. The eyes saw too much. Then something clicked. Changling.
"It was huge, coal black fur, red eyes. It got him and tore him apart. I can't remember anything else. They found me the next morning just wandering on the moor. They never found his body." Henry said looking haunted.
"Yes, I told him today. He was not pleased. I fear that he may abandon the mission. I rarely regret my choices but fear that this time I made the wrong one." Mycroft admitted. Greg could only imagine how badly that conversation must have gone. He did not envy Mycroft.
“I hate them sometimes.” Sherlock confessed. “They shouldn’t have had children. They saw how the laws were changing; it started before we were born.” Mycroft sighed looking sad and replied.
“Bloody hell! You’re presenting. Fully blown rut.” The doctor picked up the bedside phone and punched in a code. The overhead speaker came to life.
"I know you didn't mean any harm, you just reminded me of someone I lost just then. Mad genius, he could deduce just about anything." John murmured softly before thinking better of it. Small's eyes shone with sympathy and he replied in a voice rough with emotion.
The cell door swung opened and slammed shut quickly as a body was flung inside. John looked up in disbelief. He had lost count of the days that he had been held prisoner. Time had lost all meaning and the days and nights blurred into one. There was no natural light and the only sounds were the screams and moans of other prisoners as they were tortured. He hadn’t spoken to anyone since Bill Murray was dragged from this very cell.
"Someone loves you. I'd avoid those teeth and nose if I had the choice as well. You really are quite something. Beautiful. Otherworldly." She murmured. Sherlock kept his face impassive as her eyes burned brightly. She moved closer fully exposing herself leaning against him.
"You could at least have the decency to look as if you're grieving. Regardless of you're issues, he was your brother, Mycroft." John spat angrily. Mycroft met his eyes evenly giving away nothing and twisted the handle of his umbrella before answering in a perfectly controlled voice.
“There are more of us than you think, nephew. Many hide in plain sight but one must know where to look. You’re still a bit too young, finish your schooling and get some work experience. After all, courting Alphas are expected to provide and protect. Have you considered government work? Politics and money breed influence after all, I could make a few calls possibly help you get an internship. Once you’ve gotten yourself established, I’ll point you in the right direction in regards to courting. Sadly, the majority of Omegas which have managed to avoid both the traffickers and the registry tend to avoid bonds, but many can be convinced if properly courted.”
"You must be Dr. Hooper. Don't worry; Detective Lestrade and I aren't screwing. I don't swing that way. You've finally moved on from pining over the late great detective Sherlock Holmes, I see. Took what you could get, did you?" The woman spat with a sneer in Greg's direction. Molly frowned and pressed her lips tightly together and clenching her fists.
"Sir, yes, Sir." He answered as Sholto approached looking at him like one of Sherlock's failed experiments. It set John's teeth on edge. This was one thing that he hadn't missed in the military. The potential for abuse of power.
"Of course, John. I also truly do consult with the Met on some of their more difficult cases despite their lack of adequate personnel. Donovan and Anderson are idiots in the greatest sense of the word and their superior DI Tobias Gregson is only marginally better. Although he is the smartest of the Scotland Yarder's, but that's really not saying much." He said before John could ask for clarification. Sherlock then changed the subject quickly. "Any requests?" John raised an eyebrow sure that the man was bluffing and deciding to call him on it. He thought for a moment before announcing his request. John was not a classically trained musician, but one couldn't go through higher levels of education and completely avoid the arts.
“I’d say that’s why they call you the Iceman, but the thing is--I know that isn’t real. It’s just a front you put up, and so is this. You’re afraid. I cant say for sure what it is that you are afraid of, but I know its true.”
"I've pulled his file, but there is nothing even hinting at the supernatural. Did you sense anything, my dear?" Mycroft asked looking perplexed. Anthea sighed tilting her head recalling the car ride with the doctor. The wards on her ring had pulsed softly the entire time, but she hadn't gotten a sense of anything but an ordinary human. It was quite unusual and she could understand why it had Mycroft perturbed.
"And since yesterday, you've moved in with him and now you're solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?" Mycroft quipped sarcastically. He was tempted to cast a spell in order to force the man to give him the information, but every ward he had was warning him against it. Mycroft was curious not suicidal. What was it about this human? There was something supernatural that he must not be seeing.
Greg resumed his chant "Vidi aquam egredientem de templo, a latere dextro, alleluia: et omnes ad quos pervenit aqua ista salvi facti sunt, et dicent, alleluia. Confitemini Domino, quoniam bonus: quoniam in saeculum misericordia ejus." I saw water flowing from the right side of the temple, alleluia; and all they to whom that water came were saved and they shall say alleluia. Praise the Lord, for he is good; for his mercy endureth forever. Greg then closed his eyes and raised his right hand dipping it into the font cupping the enchanted water and pouring it over John's back. The candles snuffed out leaving the cathedral pitch black, but for the glow of Mycroft's wand and the flicker of Anthea's crystals. They were the last things that Greg saw as dizziness overtook him and he fell unconscious to the floor.
When Greg opened his eyes again, he struggled to anchor himself. He had slipped deep into the astral plane and was now gazing at the tattered remains of John Watson's soul. Greg felt his eyes burn with unshed tears as he took it in. It was beautiful. The angelic grace shimmered softly and soft melodic chanting pulsed from its very being. Pure light and grace, the likes of which Greg had never seen before. This was what bible verses and arias lauded. "Oh, John…it's worth saving." Greg whispered in a voice hoarse with emotion. The knowledge should have filled Greg with relief. It hadn't been for not. Greg felt his hopes sink as he took in what surrounded the angelic grace, the very light of John Watson's soul. Darkness cloaked it weaving its tendrils around and through it, attempting to choke it out of existence. The screeches of demons and other dark creatures bubbled up as the darkness strengthened and the light flickered and weakened in the wake of the attack. Greg wanted to do something to smite the darkness, but here in the astral plane, he was impotent. Only able to observe and not act. The scream of a small girl caused Greg to look up and he was greeted by a vision.
"How did you know, all of it? How?" Molly pressed. The priest moved away up the bank and out of the water to stand beside the other man with a tired sigh. The anger was gone and in its place came guilt and sadness.
The doctors had spoken to them and while John understood the basics. She had sustained a major head injury, much of the terminology was beyond his understanding. Skull fracture with dangerously high ICP requiring burr holes and a partial craniotomy. Medically induced coma. Post cardiac arrest due to hypovolemic shock. Multiple transfusions and maxed out on pressors. TBI almost certain. Touch and go. Critical and highly unstable.
“I know.” Sherlock murmured filled with guilt. He had failed everyone, especially John. Think, he had to think. He had to make it right. “John...”
"You have my word, Greg. If it fails, we'll do as you ask, please try." Sherlock said softly. Greg sighed and nodded allowing his eyes to slip shut as he prepared to start. After taking a few deep breaths, Greg looked down at John then up at his companions.
"Mycroft, you have eyes and ears everywhere. There's also the landlady, Mrs. Hudson and don't forget the priest, Lestrade. That man is much more powerful than he appears. It makes me wonder if he might have Fay blood in him as well. He's capable of much more than a simple blessing or exorcism." Anthea surmised with a small frown as she contemplated the mysterious priest.
John took a deep shuddering breath and closed his eyes trying to keep his emotions in check. Even in his dazed state, Sherlock could see him putting the pieces  together. The fall, Moriarty and Moran; it was all connected.
"Watson! Change up." The command pulled John from his memories and he was thrust back into the present.
"Those things will kill you." John lectured wearily with a sigh as they walked side-by-side back towards the barracks in Kandahar.
"Why would he be considered a suspect?" John asked. Greg sighed taking one last drag off his cigarette before snubbing it out.
"John, please excuse Lestrade. He's a bit paranoid." Sherlock said then looked at Lestrade pointedly asking "Satisfied?" Greg nodded feeling a bit sheepish, but he couldn't regret it. His paranoia had saved his life more times than he could count.
"That was…amazing." John whispered still in shock at the depth of Sherlock's talent. It seemed almost contradictory that someone as clinical as Sherlock Holmes was capable of producing something so emotionally stirring. John was not about to say that aloud, however, Sherlock might never play for him again if he made those thoughts known. Sherlock's lips quirked up ever so slightly at the compliment.
John’s eyes fluttered open with a sigh. Replete; at long last. The clawing all consuming hunger was finally satisfied. John frowned as he tried to recall how that had happened. He stared at Sherlock who looked far too pale and shaken to the core. Molly stood beside him looking at him with suspicion in her eyes. What had happened? John closed his eyes once again and it all came crashing back. Turned into something unnameable, a creature which was completely unknown and untested even amongst the supernatural. There was no playbook for what John had become. Even when Greg had performed the ritual nearly draining his holy magic to the point of death trying to save John; it hadn’t been enough. He had turned; John could feel the darkness lurking deep within him. It was quiet now but John could feel it. He focused inward searching for his light recalling that Greg had assured him that it was still present; weakened but still present. John felt it and focused harder in an attempt to summon his holy magic.
Molly bit her lip unsure of what to do. Greg looked at her. His brown eyes met hers and felt her heart lurch. Greg had been having a rough time. After Sherlock's death, his wife had left after Greg had finally confronted her regarding the cheating. He had taken it harder than Molly had thought, all things considered. Molly couldn't throw stones though. She had been pining for Sherlock for as long as she had known him. She had finally decided to let it go. Sherlock would never want her. She had seen the way that he looked at John when he thought no one was looking. She had even called him on it. "You look sad, when you think he can't see you."
"Yeah, John's re-enlisted. That's the reason he hasn't answered your calls. I don't have a contact number for him, but I know someone who might. You're welcome to call him, but I have to warn you Mycroft Holmes is not someone who you should take lightly. There is a reason they call him the British government." Greg said listening to the horrified gasp at the other end of the line.
"One week. I'll give him one week and then I'll tell him." Mycroft promised hoping that he would live to regret his choice.
"He has a death wish." Molly stated bluntly referring to Greg. "He could have been driven mad or killed pulling a stunt like that. You owe him Sherlock. Both you and John."
"Where are they?" Anthea asked looking around. Her hand tightened around the athame blade causing it to pulse with magic. Mycroft's hand tightened around the handle of his umbrella as the runes pulsed softly.
“I’ll never bond and neither should you.” Sherlock insisted. His nose wrinkled as distressed pheromones saturated the air which were so strong that even his unpresented senses could scent them. Mycroft’s scent and pheromones had become much more potent after he had presented as Alpha a year and a half ago. Even the black market suppressants couldn’t mute them entirely.
"Excellent, Ms. Coulter. May I call you Anthea? It offers more anonymity." He asked. She nodded wondering just what she was getting herself into.
"You're a long way from a graveyard, don't even think of trying to conjure the dead." The priest warned. Molly bucked and fought, but the man's grip was ironclad. How had he known? Most humans were blind to the supernatural. "I wonder how you would fair in a church with all the relics and crosses." He murmured causing Molly to shudder in horrid anticipation. He then bent down and retrieved a palm full of water and then recited "Asperges me, Domine et mundabor; lavabis me, et super nivem dealbabor." Molly understood Latin and the meaning was not lost on her. Thou shalt sprinkle me, O Lord and I shall be cleansed; thou shall wash me and I shall become whiter than snow. He was blessing the water. Holy water would burn her.
The verse echoed through Sherlock's mind. "Very well, said the merchant, I give in. I am yours. But tell me, why did you look surprised this morning when you saw me in Baghdad? Because, said death, I had an appointment with you tonight, in Samara." Sherlock murmured.
“What good would it have done, Nephew? It wouldn’t have changed the outcome and it would only serve as a constant source of dread and anxiety while you anticipated the horrors of presentation which you were powerless to stop. Better to go in blind. There is a reason it’s taboo to speak of such matters. There are several things which we now need to discuss.” Mycroft wanted to argue, but the look on his Uncle’s face stopped him. Worry, he looked worried. In all the years Mycroft had known him, he had never seen his Uncle look worried. The man was seemingly unshakeable.
Murray took a deep breath in an attempt to calm down before he continued. "Sorry…I'm not…I'll start again, at the beginning. RAMC deployed a number of units, mine included, to the area to help ease the strain caused by the increase in ISIS insurgents. We initially were here to treat both military personnel and civilians wounded in the frequent attacks. Like so many others, our field station was ambushed. It didn't matter that we were treating civilians at the time or that we were all unarmed medical personnel. They slaughtered us like sheep. Those that weren't killed instantly were taken to prisons like the one that we currently find ourselves in." Murray stopped to take a breath and John nodded slightly waiting patiently for him to continue.
John's new commanding officer was a man by the name of Major James Sholto. Though John had yet to meet him, he had already heard a number of nasty rumors. John hated rumors and never repeated them, but most often they were impossible to avoid completely. John vowed not to let them affect his judgment and to base his opinions on facts and actions. According to rumor, Sholto had led a troop of new recruits into an ambush where all but one of the recruits died. The attack left Sholto disfigured, horrifically burned from the blast of explosives. He was lucky to have survived and no one had expected him to return to active duty, but he had defied expectation and returned.
Now that he had gotten what he needed, he sneered at her and deduced. "Wearing Anderson's deodorant? Wife must be out of town." She couldn't hide the flush that stained her cheeks. Sherlock could see the emotions rapidly moving across he face, surprise, followed by embarrassment, then and finally settling on anger.
The man smirked and replied. "Deduction. How do you feel about the violin? Sometimes I don't talk for days? Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other. "
"Gone." Greg answered. It was all the information that he was willing to offer her. Once Mycroft awoke, he would know doubt pour all his skill and resources into tracking John and Sherlock.
"When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place. Do sit down." He insisted. Sherlock, what did this have to do with Sherlock? John wondered as he looked at the man more closely. There was something familiar about him, something that John couldn't quite place.
Sherlock had gone to investigate a haunted house. Poltergeists often attached themselves to locations. Anyone who stepped into what they deemed to be their territory was likely to become a victim. Greg could still see Sherlock fighting as the poltergeist had attempted to feed on his soul. While not able to fully possess a human like a demon, poltergeists could still cause irreparable harm, draining a soul of it's light until there was nothing left but an empty husk. This left the victim catatonic. That night had nearly killed both of them. When Greg had opened a portal to banish the poltergeist another had nearly slipped through. It had taken every bit of Greg's power to force them both back into the afterlife. Greg could still remember the fear and relief that he had felt as he realized how close they had both come to ruin. Greg could still see the look of shock and shame on Sherlock's face after it was done. Greg had briefly felt a bit of pride at having kept something secret from the great Sherlock Holmes, but that feeling had vanished when Sherlock had opened his mouth.
“He’s right, John. Mad as hatters, the two of them are. Watch your back around them. Carl Powers drowned at the pool and they were the only ones there. Ruled a drowning only because of lack of evidence. They drowned him; everyone knows it. Carl was a strong swimmer, but they couldn’t prove it.”
Greg sighed unsure of how to answer, because, frankly, he wasn't sure. "I strengthened his grace, but it may not be enough, as to what he has become, something powerful which none of us has ever encountered before." Greg admitted. His eyes moved to John and he didn't know where to start. The relic couldn't stop the hunger indefinitely. It would be up to John. "He needs to feed. No amount of magic can change that fact. My relic, it merely bought us a bit of time. I had hoped that the ritual would prevent him from turning completely, but it didn't. What it did do was stop him from falling completely to the darkness. There is still light in him as well as angelic grace. It is what has kept him in control thus far. I loathe to say this, especially after all of this effort, but it may be kinder to…" Greg trailed off unable to go on as he looked at John.
It was why all registered Alphas were forcibly drafted into combat. They were only good for one thing in the governments view and that was to serve as cannon fodder. They could own property and were free to marry and but only to betas. Bonds with Omegas were strictly forbidden. Even though bonding helped to balance an Alphas hormones and with it helped calm their aggressive nature. Omegas were worse off. While Alphas had few rights, Omegas had none. Registered Omegas were barred from attending university, working, owning property and marrying. They were kept in state run housing locked away and left to suffer through monthly heats without suppressants. Sadly, it could be far worse for there was a thriving black market in which Omegas were trafficked and sold off to the highest bidder and forcibly bonded and bred amongst the elite. “I’ll apply for guardianship and you will continue with private tutoring until you present, we go from there as a lot depends on whether you are Alpha or Omega.”
Greg Lestrade looked at the body with a sigh as the CSI crew finished up. They had no leads and Greg was at a loss. This was the second murder in 3 months that they had failed to solve. Greg hated it when they not only failed to make an arrest, but worse had absolutely no suspects. He had a stack of cold cases that had been growing taller every year, some of the cases dating back years before he had joined the force.
"I'll give it to you, but first a word of warning, don't go digging for things that are better left buried. You may not like what you find. Mycroft Holmes is not to be crossed." Greg warned seriously before giving her the number.
"Not often you see a blood hound amongst the ranks." John said evasively. The man's smile widened as he looked down at his charge.
"I think I know why." John Watson claimed as he bent down and said something in a language that Greg didn't recognize. He then touched the runes causing them to glow for a moment. Both Greg and Sherlock looked on clearly stunned.
"Well, it's because of your bleeding heart that we're in this mess. If you kept your mouth shut and never mentioned that bloody ritual, then we wouldn't be in this mess." She insisted causing Greg to frown as she tightened her grip on her enchanted blade.
"Not at the moment," Mycroft answered contemplating how to handle his brother. "That may change, however. I don't want Sherlock getting sloppy. He must keep his mind on the mission and not on Dr. Watson."
"Caring won't help me protect people. Caring won't make me a better hunter." Greg hadn't believed his ears and just shook his head in disbelief.
"I'm sorry." Mycroft said softly with a look into Sherlock's tortured gaze. "We'll do it quickly, he won't suffer anymore." Mycroft promised as Anthea pulled the stake and hammer from the rucksack on her back.
"Killed in action…I know about that. My entire troop was ambushed and the blast left every one besides Sholto and myself dead. Talk about survivor's guilt." Small admitted causing John's jaw to drop once again in shock. What were the odds?
Sherlock's words from all those years ago were angrily spat back at him. "Alone is what I have. Alone protects me!" Lestrade had then cut the call leaving Sherlock stunned and at a loss for words. He knew he needed to make it right, he couldn't afford to lose Lestrade, but it would have to wait a bit. The succubus needed to be taken down before Lestrade found her, or worse yet, she found him.
"Oh, please John. No one would believe him if his tongue came notarized. What's more, he has an extensive psych history. He could always plead insanity." Sherlock assured. John still didn't like it.
"Always so aggressive. Did it ever occur to you that you and I belong on the same side?" Mycroft inquired with a sigh.
"Sentiment. Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side." The priest then grit his teeth and snapped.
Anthea's eyes widened in shock. Mummy? Brothers? It couldn't be. "He's always been so resentful." Mycroft murmured under his breath with a glance in her direction. "That, never ending problem, was my brother, Sherlock William Scott Holmes." Mycroft clarified. Anthea merely raised an eyebrow unsure of what was expected of her. "I could use someone with your unique skill set under my direct employ. Are you interested?" He asked looking directly at her as his eyes slid over her quickly and silently assessing her. He seemed confident in her answer, as he looked her over clinically.
"What do you want?" Mycroft asked knowing when to fold. Mycroft was Anthea's employer and it would look very bad for both of them if the information got out before they made alternate plans for employment if they ever decided to make an announcement. Mycroft loathed the idea of replacing Anthea she was very good at her job. It was one reason why they had been so careful, but not careful enough. Sherlock had deduced it and now was ready to out them.
"Stay where you are. I'll come collect you, then we can go from there." Mycroft ordered cutting the call. Sherlock took a deep shuddering breath. He closed his eyes and slipped deep into his mind palace shifting quickly through every piece of myth and lore on vampires that he had gathered in his many years of hunting. Nothing, there was nothing to stop this. Over, it was over. Then something Moriarty had said made him pause. Fallen. Sherlock had assumed that he was speaking metaphorically, simply a bit of taunting soliloquy, but what if the vampire had been serious? Sherlock needed to know. He stripped John of his jacket and that hateful explosive filled vest, then of his shirt exposing his bare chest. His eyes were immediately drawn to the scar on his left shoulder shaped in a distinctive starburst pattern. He turned John over carefully in order to expose his back and he could not hold back the startled gasp that escaped.
“Please, John. Forgive me for all the hurt that I caused you. I didn’t have a choice Moriarty made us all pawns in his game. I had to jump and he insisted that you see it.” Sherlock’s eyes were glassy and John could hear the tremor in his voice.
"Father, I hate to tell you this, but I don't have faith. Don't you need faith to become a priest?" Greg asked in a hollow voice feeling hopelessness and grief overcome him. Alone, he was utterly alone at the age of 15.
"The drugs John, they aren't just for sedation. They are experimenting. Those that don't die immediately after their first round of treatments are isolated for about a month during which time they are given a cocktail of drugs leading to a number of changes. There are two types of changes that may occur. Type I codename Alpha or Type II codename Omega. I don't know all of the details, but according to rumor they are trying to engineer a super solider. Type I or Alpha's have the traits that they find desirable including increased stamina, increased strength and muscle mass, high levels testosterone leading to increased aggression and sex drive, and lastly increased acuity of all five senses. In Type II or Omega's quite the opposite effects seem to take place including decreased stamina, strength, and muscle mass, as well as significant drops in testosterone levels, leading to more docile behavior. The only advantage that Omegas seem to gain is increased logic and problem solving ability as well as increased acuity in all five senses, which isn't much use to them as soldiers, Omega's become utterly disposable. Once the treatments start, there is no stopping it. The changes; they have yet to control which subjects become Alpha and Omega."
"Aye, Toby. Come here." Sherlock called. The dog approached without his usual enthusiasm. Sherlock sighed confident that the animal was missing his young master. "We'll find whoever killed him." Sherlock murmured as he led the dog up the stairs and into the flat. Sherlock sighed again belatedly remembering that he needed to dog proof the flat and keep all of his chemicals and weapons out of Toby's reach. As Sherlock mentally rearranged the flat, a text alert pulled him from his thoughts. Rather than John or even Lestrade as Sherlock expected, it was from an unknown contact causing Sherlock to frown as he read the message.
It was one of the many reasons why Sherlock went by his middle, rather than his proper first name of William. "I hope Sherlock is expecting you, you little bugger!" She warned seriously. The sprite didn't answer, only flittered about aimlessly as Martha glared at it. Too bad Voodoo was ineffective against fairies. It called to the darker creatures like demons, lost spirits, and zombies.
She had shown him that an instrument well played could pull emotions out of even the most unwilling listener. There was something about human beings that also responded to a long drawn out note. We all long for a connection, Sherlock, and music connects us all. It sees passed race, color and creed and speaks to the heart. She had whispered as she adjusted the instrument in his hands for the first time. She went on to tell him to say things with his violin, things that he couldn't put into words. Music could be clearer than words sometimes.
"I am not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion. You know what happened to the other one." Mycroft insisted as Anthea stared at him looking skeptical, but her eyes softened after a moment.
"Can't eat too much whilst on a case, it slows the transport." Sherlock insisted. "I have to run the game is on." Sherlock thanked Angelo and quickly departed making his way on foot to Baker's Street leaving a trail of garlic rolls in his wake. As Sherlock predicted the bloodhound appeared lured by the scent as Sherlock was nearing Baker's Street.
“Stop abusing that instrument!” Mycroft shouted from the study. Sherlock huffed in frustration. He felt restless, much more so than usual. His abdomen cramped and he felt a bit too warm. His breath quickened and his heart suddenly felt like it was racing. He dropped his bow. He massaged his temples and breathed deeply attempting to slow his racing heart. He gagged as the smell of rosin overwhelmed his senses. Too strong, it was making him nauseous. The smell had never been this powerful or bothered him before. Another cramp gripped him much more painful then the last causing him to let out a pained moan.
A figure appeared hidden in the shadows of the prison. "Look what the cat finally dragged in. Major John H. Watson, MD. I went to a lot of trouble tracking you down." The man moved closer and John caught a glimpse of his face, but didn't immediately recognize him. The man smiled at him, but it wasn't a pleasant smile, it had an edge of sharpness to it. But what disturbed John more, were the man's eyes. John had seen the worst of the worst in humanity. The cold madness lying within them was chilling making him look all-consuming, as a black hole. For a moment John was reminded of James Moriarty. John's steeled himself as the man spoke again.
"This is bloody lunacy, Molly. Sherlock Holmes isn't going to be found unless he wants to be." Greg insisted as they moved through the market. Molly sighed and could feel herself blush. Guilt seemed to be piling up from all sides. It seemed as though the more she attempted to help, the more people became trapped in her web of deceit. It had started with Mycroft Holmes, then Sherlock, John and now Greg. She would make it right. She only hoped that more people were not hurt in the process.
Sherlock looked on anxiously as Mycroft checked for a pulse. "Alive," He stated. "Very lucky, Sherlock. That ritual nearly killed him. It's left him weak, dangerously weak." Mycroft then began to chant softly casting yet another spell and pulling the ring from his finger and placing it on Greg's. It pulsed softly and a moment later Greg let out a weak moan as his eyelids fluttered opened for a moment. "That's it, Gregory, wake up." Mycroft urged softly. Greg whimpered softly and then fell silent as his eyes slipped shut again. "I hesitate to push him. The healing spell can only do so much. He needs rest in order to regain his strength and restore his soul." Mycroft said looking in Anthea's and Sherlock's direction. Sherlock's eyes moved away as an echoing moan escaped from John. Too soon, John shouldn't wake until nightfall tomorrow. "Stay in the circle Sherlock!" Mycroft ordered snapping his fingers causing his wand to catapult from Anthea's grip and into his open hand.
"Nothing!" Molly blurted out, but Greg can tell that is much more than that. Her eyes drifted down and her cheeks flushed with shame. She's a terrible liar.
His gaze slid over her quickly before he spoke again. "Pathologist, fitting job for a Necromancer." The man replied in a soft almost apologetic voice.
Sherlock groaned and then exclaimed. "Mrs. Hudson! My secret supply what have you done with it? My cigarettes." Mrs. Hudson came up to the flat quickly looking annoyed but unsurprised by Sherlock's actions.
"That bloody bastard! I'll kill him. I'll kill both of them, Sherlock and his brother. If it weren't for them, Johnny would be alive right now." Harriet seethed.
"I have complete faith in you. The training starts next week. It's been an honor John." James assured confidently but his eyes couldn't completely mask his sadness.
“Torture is never right. As a society, we must condemn it.” Mycroft said; the words rang false, however.
By sunset tomorrow, John Watson would awaken a newly turned vampire. "Remember Sherlock, in a world of locked rooms the man with the key is king and honey you should see me in a crown." Moriarty then transformed into a bat escaping quickly leaving Sherlock Holmes dazed and horrified.
"Have a seat John." The man insisted. John could sense his magical aura glowing trying to get a read on him. The man was likely wondering why a human was triggering all of his wards. John was careful to keep his face neutral as the winged tattoo on his back glowed and shifted veiling his grace from the powerful mage's sight. Lestrade had tried to read John as well at the church, but had stopped when his ward pulsed in warning, leaving John's secret safe.
"Who is an army doctor Sherlock?" She asked. Before he could answer, Sherlock's attention was pulled away by the small sprite that had managed to stow away in the flat.
Molly bit her lip feeling indignant. They always assumed the worst. "I wanted to help. The Sergeant asked me to look at some evidence from the scene while I was working in the morgue at Bart's. They didn't know what it was, but I guessed it was a piece of the mane. I came here looking for solid proof. I wanted to stop it before it killed any more children. I'm not the monster you think I am." She shouted feeling her cheeks flush with anger.
"Is he coming back?" John asked hoping that Sherlock mentioned something as Greg had warned him not to contact him via his mobile.
Molly looked at the doctor taking in his exasperated expression. She could relate. Sherlock played by his own rules and could be very difficult to work with. The question that Molly had, however, was how this human was granted access to Sherlock's supernatural cases. He held those close to the vest.
"Damn it Johnny, pick up!" Harry snapped into her mobile as the sound of John's voice mail greeted her yet again. She had been trying to contact her brother for the past two days without success. She had called, texted and e-mailed and gotten no response. She winced as she took a sip of her drink knowing that if Johnny were here, he would be reading her the riot act. She had fallen off the wagon again after 2 years of sobriety. Clara had left her. That had been the final straw. Things had been going down hill for a while. She should have seen it coming, but she had ignored the warning signs. She tried. She really did, but life just kept throwing her curveballs. She had hit bottom. She had no job. She had been fired 2 months ago due to cutbacks. Last in, first out or so they had claimed. Money had been tight before the layoff. After losing her job, she and Clara had started arguing. It had started with money, but quickly ballooned into other topics and then, just last week, Clara had left. Without Clara's income, she couldn't afford the flat. Harriet now had no job, no girlfriend, no money, and no place to go.
"I have been reliably informed that I don't have one." Irene raised an eyebrow in disbelief. The words were hollow.
"Tell me where they are John. Please, tell me!" Sherlock implored. "You should be starting on Lestrade. He smokes like a chimney."
“Sherlock, now is not the time for childish hopes and fantasy. Our parents were a bonded Alpha Omega pair. You will present, it is only a matter of when. Their wealth and status allowed them to bribe officials to keep themselves, and by extension, us off the registry.” Sherlock bit his lip at a loss for words because he knew Mycroft spoke the truth.
"You might want to remember Sherlock. I was a solider. I killed people." John stated as he pulled him into a headlock.
An unfamiliar voice breaks through before slipping away with the pinch a a needle. “Type I.” Everything fades and he falls even deeper into his mind the corridors look unfamiliar and as he moves deeper a bone deep foreboding overtakes him as he moves down the hall.
She had tried to turn her life around when he came back wounded. Johnny was nearly killed. He came back with a limp and a tremor in addition to PTSD. She had vowed that things would be different, and for a while, they were. She had managed to stay sober and had gotten a steady job then met Clara. She didn't have to burden him anymore. Their relationship had improved and they spoke regularly after that. Harry smiled as she recalled some of the stories Johnny would tell about his mad flatmate Sherlock Holmes. Though she never met him, she felt like she knew him because Johnny talked about him so much. Then the unthinkable happened. Sherlock Holmes jumped to his death in front of her brother's eyes. Harry had tried to call many times afterwards, but he hadn't answered. She hadn't spoken with John since Sherlock had died. Now she needed help again and for the first time in her life her brother wasn't there. Harry sighed unsure what she would do this time.
She sighed and dialed the number for the met hoping that her lead would yield results. "New Scotland Yard, how may I direct your call?" A soft female voice asked.
"Are you sure, you're willing to risk it? If this all goes south, we may end up burying more than just John tonight. Will you be able to live with that? Of two evils, pick the lesser." Mycroft stated. Sherlock bit his lip looking torn.
“You know there are things I’m not at liberty to discuss.”  Mycroft said cutting Greg off. Truthfully, Greg was surprised that he had disclosed anything at all.
Irene ran unaware that she was now marked. Moriarty's words echoed in her mind. "Every fairy tale needs a good old fashion villain." She shuddered. The vampire was obsessed with the hunter, Sherlock Holmes. When he had first approached her, she hadn't been worried. She had dealt with vampires before. She should have been. Moriarty didn't play fair. Never let your guard down, even amongst your own kind. She should have suspected foul play. Moriarty had built up favors from nearly every type of dark creature in existence and now he was calling them all in. He was a spider and every creature, whether they were light or dark, which he came into contact with became trapped in his web.
"How did you? Are you spying on me?" Greg snapped. Greg eyed the man suspiciously and upon closer inspection he noticed a few things. While the clothes were expensive and the public school accent screamed high class, the man's eyes were dilated and there was a slight tremor in his hands that he couldn't completely mask. Addict? Greg dismissed the thought as quickly as it had entered his mind. No addict riding a high could have just pulled that off.
"I helped…fake his death. I supplied a body signed a fraudulent death certificate. I risked everything. It was killing me keeping it inside, but Mycroft said that the mission must come first." Molly rushed to explain. "Moriarty's reach was vast and Sherlock had to take the web apart."
"Lestrade?" He called as he looked at John feeling his chest tighten painfully. Lestrade sighed and finally answered after a weary sigh.
Mycroft was silent allowing Greg to dig himself even further into a hole, wearing a perfect poker face. Greg knew he needed to tread carefully. “I still don’t think that’s right.”
"Yes, this DI Lestrade. I'm returning your call." He said and was interrupted before he could continue.
"Greg…what I said that night, I didn't mean it. You're my friend. You always have been. I care about you, but John, well it's more than that…" Sherlock whispered. Lestrade cleared his throat before answering.
“I’m Mike Stamford.”  The teen introduced himself clearly sizing John up. John did the same. Mike had a medium build, chestnut hair, coffee colored eyes which were covered by spectacles. He had a slightly round face with a button nose. Hardly intimidating; his scent was weak for an Alpha and John immediately sensed that he was not a threat. John replied.
"I was just playing the game." She confessed moving her attention back to the priest knowing that she was beaten.
"Then I know what I have to do, brother mine." Sherlock whispered cutting the call before Mycroft could utter another word in protest. John, Sherlock needed to know what happened to John, whether he was dead or alive. Kandahar. That would be his starting point. That was all that Mycroft was able to give him, the last known whereabouts of John's SAS training unit. Not much to go on, but Sherlock didn't need much. It was time to start calling in the few favors that he had left. Sherlock dialed and Irene's Adler's voice greeted him.
Rather than answer, he raised an eyebrow with a smirk. Mycroft frowned feeling his annoyance grow at the number of unanswered questions regarding this man. He would have to dig a bit deeper, but first Sherlock needed to be dealt with. Sherlock's gaze had drifted to Anthea. She looked at him innocently as she toyed with her crystal necklace. "I find it ironic that you asked John about a happy announcement when it should be me asking about the two of you." Sherlock replied causing Mycroft to sneer. His brother was baiting him. "Don't deny it. I've known for a while and was planning on using it for leverage, if needed."
"What are you hunting?" John inquired. Sherlock's eyes widened in surprise as John deduced his true calling. Few humans knew of the existence of supernatural creatures and the ones who hunted them.
"You've just solved one, the Selkie with the missing skin. Ring a bell?" John reminded him pointedly.
"Yes! Redemption. What of redemption? Forgiveness? He still has free will! He can choose his own path. Purity, temperance, generosity, integrity, composure, charity, humility." Sherlock insisted as he listed the seven holy virtues. But the words lacked confidence. Molly sighed unsure of what to say. Sherlock had a point. There was still light in John and his free will was still present. He had not been enthralled, but it would be an uphill battle. Was it even safe to allow John to wage it?
Moran grit his teeth in frustration, AGRA's agent had done so well until now. He wanted Holmes alive, not dead. The woman would pay for that. "Bring him in. Stabilize him and if he lives, we start the transition." Moran ordered. Moran wouldn't be satisfied until he saw the man himself in the flesh. Jim Moriarty's words echoed in his head serving as a grim reminder. "In a world of locked rooms the man with the key is king." Moran sighed. He was close, so very close. Holmes had tried to take the web apart but had only succeeded in becoming caught in it. Moran couldn't hide the smile that thought had caused.
"It won't work." Molly insisted and was frankly surprised that Sherlock was willing to consider it. But, it seemed that Sherlock was willing to do nearly anything for John Watson. The thought made Molly pause for a moment, was there something between them that she wasn't seeing? She hoped not for both of their sakes. It would lead to nothing but heartbreak. For as much as Molly wished to help, she knew it was hopeless.
"Greg, I'm begging you. Please try. After everything we've been through together, please, do this for me." Sherlock choked out in a hoarse voice. Greg growled and cursed roughly under his breath before answering.
"Unscheduled." Sherlock said as he buzzed the man into the building. He was human and that caused John to pause and look to Sherlock for guidance. Sherlock gave John a quick nod as he let the man in.
The man chuckled dryly. "How rude of me, Sebastian Moran." He elaborated with a wink. "And like I said I have been waiting years for this moment."
"Yes, this is Harriet Watson. I'm John Watson's sister. There reason I'm calling is I'm in a bit of a bind and have been trying to get a hold of Johnny but haven't had any luck. He mentioned that you were two friends and I was hoping you could help me out. I need to speak to him. Thank you." Harriet hung up the phone no closer to finding her brother than she had been when she first started.
“You comprehend a wrong action if, under certain circumstances, it might have been the right action. But an action you regard as wrong under all circumstances is incomprehensible.” Mycroft clarified.
"A vow." Father answered. Greg raised an eyebrow prompting him to continue. "And an oath of loyalty. Gregory, have you ever considered joining the priesthood? There is an ancient order, which has nearly been forgotten. I am one of the few that remain." Greg couldn't hold back a laugh because, frankly, the idea was absurd. Greg become a priest? Greg couldn't think of anyone less qualified for that calling than him.
"I don't know what you said to that priest to get him to agree, but you had better rethink this. It sounds like a disaster." Anthea said looking Sherlock in the eye.
"I know they would, Bill. In fact, that's where they first wanted me to be assigned this time around. Doctors are in short supply, but this is what I want, to fight alongside my fellow men. Don't get me wrong, the RAMC is an important part of the military and serves a vital role. It was an honor serving with them, but it isn't for me anymore. I served with RAMC for years before going through officers training at Sandhurst and re-enlisting as a full combatant during my last two tours in Afghanistan. It's why I've only achieved the rank of Captain at my age. I essentially started from scratch when I was assigned with Fusilier's as a full combatant after leaving the RAMC." John replied with a sigh as he took in the disbelieving look on Bill's face.
“Worst is over, my boy. Here take these. Black market suppressants.” His Uncle handed him the pills while allowing Mycroft to scent him. Powerful instincts to protect flooded his mind. Omega, kin, protect.
Sherlock bit back a scream as pain tore through him again. His scalp burned as his hair was pulled and pain erupted as he felt his nasal bones break under the most recent assault from the brass knuckles of his assailant. He had lost track of time since the torture had begun. He could taste the bitter tang of cooper and iron as the blood from his nose poured down his throat as his head was tilted back. He had to struggle to open his eyes, as his eyelids were nearly swollen shut.
“Practically nothing, Uncle. Mummy mentioned a few basic concepts in passing but it doesn’t matter. No one courts anymore; the rituals are dying if not already dead. Omegas are either locked away by the government or trafficked.”
She had learned the art of Voodoo when she was married to her first husband in America when they had lived deep in the heart of the Louisiana bayou. She smiled as she recalled meeting the Voodoo queen, Madame Yvette. In exchange for a fee, she had been willing to teach Martha everything she knew and it had served her well. When her drug trafficking husband became abusive, she had made him pay. The doll was still buried deep in the swamp with his body before the gators had gotten to it. She moved to Florida shortly after and remarried. When that marriage went down in flames and her second husband was arrested, she had gone back to England before suspicion built where she used the drug money from her first marriage to buy the building on Baker's Street. When Sherlock Holmes had ensured her husbands conviction she had been so pleased. She swore off relationships and settled down in London offering Sherlock the flat to show her appreciation.
He rose to the rank of Captain while serving as a full combatant in Afghanistan before getting shot and medically discharged. Penchant for danger, indeed. By the end of his military career, John Watson had become more of a soldier than a doctor. Mycroft had little doubt that this time around, John would insist that he be placed in combat on the battlefield. Mycroft could only hope that he would survive long enough for Sherlock to finish his mission and plan his reemergence. It would be criminal to have saved John Watson from himself only to see him killed in action before Sherlock's return.
Sherlock had been ruthless in his objective. He must take apart the web. He had sacrificed everything. Not only his freedom and reputation, but also his body and mind. He pushed himself relentlessly. He barely ate and hardly slept. All of these factors had led to his capture and now, it seemed, that he may pay with his life. Sherlock felt regret overtake him for a moment. Not for himself, but for John. He had failed not only himself, but John as well. He would never see John again.
"John! Of course you are worth saving." Sherlock insisted desperately moving closer. The action prompted John to hiss as his fangs lengthened ominously and his eye's shifted to gold.
"One does what one must. Certain exceptions can be made. Some laws can be overlooked." Mycroft replied completely serious.
"Thank you, my dear." Mycroft murmured as the ring pulsed and glowed softly. Anthea hummed in response before turning to Greg.
When these things are gone, things he has always considered to be integral parts of Mycroft’s character, he struggles to plug the holes in a sinking ship. Sherlock attacks Mycroft for a sweet-tooth that grows greedier by the day, comforted by the false belief that he will never be vulnerable to something as demeaning and stupid as addiction.
Molly watched helplessly as Greg Lestrade ranted. "First, Sherlock jumps off a roof, then John decides to reenlist in the military despite the fact that he shouldn't be eligible because of his injury. I smell a rat. First, Sherlock was too much of an arrogant ass to have suicidal tendencies. There must be something that we're not seeing. Something forced his hand and I want to find out what it was. Not only that, but let's not forget John. There is only one way that he could have been allowed to reenlist. Someone high up called in a few favors and I bet you anything that someone was Mycroft Holmes. He's the only one with the political clout and high-level clearance with a vested interest. I don't know whether to thank him or strangle him." Molly raised an eyebrow, but remained otherwise silent. She suspected that Greg would dig deeper and was debating what to say about it.
“Yeah.” Greg ran his fingers through his hair. “I mean, knowing you might’ve… and the fact you won’t talk about it.”
Irene watched Molly Hooper go. She felt a flare of respect for the woman despite her obvious missteps. She would never have guessed that the woman had it in her. It had taken guts to come here and go against Mycroft Holmes. Irene wondered what the iceman would do about her. There was also DI Lestrade, the man had been dragged into a situation that went much deeper than he had been led to believe. The poor man, he would suffer from Mycroft's wrath as well. "Do you think your brother will make them disappear?" Irene asked with a glance in Sherlock's direction. The man didn't look at her as he scanned the document carefully, but did reply.
Greg then pulled the relic from around his neck and placed it around John's. Before John could protest, the pendant fell over his heart and was followed quickly by a wave of vertigo causing his vision to tunnel in and out. John heaved as his stomach twisted painfully as the hunger rose and ebbed completely before finally settling. John closed his eyes as his head swam barely holding on to consciousness as holy magic spread over him. He felt the priest's fingers ghost over his forehead gently making the sign of the cross. "In nomine patris, et filii et spiritus sancti. Per quem haec omnia, Domine, semper bona creas, sanctificas, vivificas, benedicis, et praestas nobis." In the name of the father and of the son and the Holy Ghost. By whom, O Lord, Thou dost always create, sanctify, quicken, bless and bestow upon us all of these good things." Greg's weak voice faded in and out before John fell unconscious after the priest removed his fingers.
Sherlock squinted and groaned and then his eyes slipped shut once more. Oh bloody hell. No, not on. John thought. “Wake up!” John shouted and proceeded to give Sherlock a hard sternal rub, finally fully rosing him. He blinked and looked around before his eyes finally settled on John.
"Mycroft, this may cross a redline for him. There will likely be no coming back from this if he ever learns the truth. Are you sure you want to risk it?" Mycroft sighed deeply before answering.
“She knows. Greg spoke to her. She has left something for you in the flat with Greg.” Sherlock revealed causing John to sigh and then reply.
"You bet your ass I want it! I demand to know what the hell is happening with my brother!" She snapped. Greg bit his lip hoping that he hadn't made a grave mistake in even offering it to her. She was libel to get herself into deep shit if she dug too deeply.
"All right, James. I'll do it. I can only hope that I can meet the high expectations." John replied hoping that he wouldn't regret his decision.
"I hardly think that Sherlock is at all that concerned over my well being." Greg said somewhat ruefully. Sherlock Holmes preferred to work alone whenever possible. Alone is what I have. Alone protects me. He had once shouted the words at Greg after Greg had saved him from a case that had gone bad. Greg shuddered as he remembered that night.
"Thank you John, but really, it was nothing. Bach is so…pedestrian, ridiculously simple in its technicality. It's something that I normally would never play, but I wanted to do something nice for you, after dealing with Mycroft you deserve a bit of joy and relaxation." Sherlock replied catching John off guard.
"The itsy bitsy spider…" Moran sang softly with eyes that shown with madness. Sherlock Holmes had likened James Moriarty to a spider. Moran felt his rage build as the image of Moriarty's dead body flashed before his eyes. The blood spatter staining the roof of Bart's as Holmes looked on helpless. Holmes had fallen. That should have been the end, an eye for an eye. Two great minds gone for eternity. But Holmes had orchestrated a masterful illusion. So great that it had fooled everyone, even Moran. But as the saying goes, nothing lasts forever and as pieces of the web began to disappear mysteriously, Moran began to suspect a ruse. There was only one man capable of tracking down the untraceable. Sherlock Holmes. Though Moran had lacked concrete proof of life, he knew that Holmes was alive and taking apart the web one piece at a time. Moran wouldn't allow it. He knew that there was one thing that would bring Sherlock Holmes out of the shadows. John Watson.
"Thank you, Greg. I wish I could reassure you that what you see won't hurt you, but I can't." Greg nodded well aware of the risk that he was taking.
"I have to know. There's something about him that I'm missing; I'm sure of it Elizabeth." Mycroft insisted. Only Mycroft Holmes knew her true name. Anthea was her middle name. It was the name she had gone by since her parents died when she was only 16. She came around the back of Mycroft's chair and kneaded his shoulder's hoping to release some of the built up tension. She didn't want him to turn to smoking again. "He's living with Sherlock, I have to know! Sherlock relishes being difficult. He loves making me worry constantly. I don't understand why my brother refuses to use magic. While his hunting skills are superior and his tools are effective, he would be so much safer using both."
"John, please, haven't you figured it out yet. Supernatural beings often find their way to me if they have a problem that needs solving. It's not as if they can go to the Met, after all. In return for my help, they grant me favors. I refuse to help those that step into the darkness, however. Those creatures are the ones that I hunt." Sherlock clarified. He then turned and opened the door revealing a small, dirty little boy and a large bloodhound. He had green eyes with a smattering of freckles over his cheeks. He pulled off his cap to reveal a mop of ginger hair that look as though it hadn't been washed in days. John looked over the boy's head hoping for a glimpse of the adult in charge of him so that he could read them the riot act but saw no one. Before John could get a word in edgewise, the boy and the dog entered the flat without hesitation.
“But for a second, my love, and the pain fades away quickly as the bond is consummated. There is nothing quite so wondrous as bond. It balances us in a way that is hard to describe.”
"Wait!" He ordered as Anthea began to summon a circle of protection around Greg's limp form. The circle glowed brightly, a ghostly bluish white. Mycroft then raised his wand and waved it rhythmically casting an illumination spell. The wand pulsed and lit up the entire cathedral. Mycroft murmured another spell under his breath and protective runes appeared surrounding the three of them. Sherlock's eyes moved from Lestrade to John's back. The wings, they were white and shimmering softly.
The haunting chords of the piano enter his thoughts; minor chords with a bone deep melancholy. Mycroft. Sherlock struggled to remember when he had last heard his brother play. Mycroft's musical talent rivaled his own, but he rarely used it. It was so rare an occurrence that it was easy to forget that it existed at all. His brother's whispered warning entered his thoughts from all those years ago. All lives end, all hearts are broken, caring is not an advantage. For once, Sherlock paused a moment to pounder what had led his brother to first utter them. There was something that he was missing. Sherlock shook his head to clear it. Think! John. Molly's voice replaced Mycroft's. You need to focus! Sherlock couldn't stop his thoughts were spinning out of control. Moriarty's voice mocked him. Your friends will die if you don't. The image of Moriarty's dead body flashed in his mind. Stop he had to make it stop and Sherlock only knew one way to do it. He pulled the case from inside his belstaff and exposed the syringe. It was filled with his seven percent solution. Sherlock pulled up his sleeve and found a vein and slid the needle in depressing the plunger. Everything faded away.
Mummy had taught him to play; told him that he had the hands for it. First, she taught him the science of it: the way the vibration will travel through the bridge and sound post to the body of the violin, radiating the sound into the surrounding air. She told him that the playing tension of a violin string ranged from about 9 lbf to 20 lbf.
Greg's phone buzzed with a text pulling him from his memories. It was from Molly. Package has been delivered. We've done all we can. Greg sighed in relief, as much as he hated leaving things unfinished, the likelihood of them finding John was slim to none, especially with Sherlock so determined to work alone. Greg pushed the feeling of guilt away and reminded himself that Mycroft was on the case and the man had more resources than either of them could ever dream of. He, or his team, was much better suited to handle this. Greg was just grateful that Molly had finally come to the same realization before things had gone completely south. If they were lucky, they might get out of this place alive.
"Stop!" Sherlock screamed shooting him. The vampire winched in pain but continued defiantly enjoying Sherlock's feeble attempts at rescue. The hunter then pulled out a satchel of salt pouring it onto the ground in a pattern, which the vampire did not immediately recognize. Moriarty hissed as the lead ring on his finger turned to silver burning him. He pulled it off without breaking his hold on Watson's jugular. Enough playing. Now, he thought sending the command to Moran mentally. Another shot rang out grazing Sherlock's temple, only a flesh wound, but enough to stop him from taking another shot or attempting further alchemy. The pain from the silver bullet flared for a moment, slowing him down, but he kept drinking nearly sucking Watson dry only when the flow slowed to a trickle and the heart beat erratically did he let go. Watson's blood was far more potent than that of a human. Moriarty felt a rush of power feeling triumphant. He smiled and then bit into his own wrist opening the vein and forcing it into the fallen angel's mouth massaging his throat and forcing him to swallow. Once the color began to return to Watson's face, Moriarty removed his wrist closing the wound with a swipe of his tongue.
