“I…I saw your eyes,” he said.
The patterns of their life are set. Their contentment is of the kind that seems eternal. Few of the young witches and wizards at the school can imagine that there was a time before the present. But John and Sherlock were young themselves, once, and they have not always been together.
Then comes the woman.
of you. Together.”
Meanwhile, I have an audience to enthrall.  We banter.  “I’ll burn the heart out of you,” I say, and I almost wonder if I’m overdoing it, but Sherlock responds with the loveliest, most piquant little line: “I’ve been reliably informed that I don’t have one.”
“It’s the most delicious thing I’ve ever had,” Sherlock says. “I’m fairly certain.”
“Such a beauty,” John breathes. He strokes his palms up the backs of Sherlock’s thighs, a touch that would be soothing if it weren’t so incendiary. Sherlock presses his cock into the mattress, breath stopped in his throat, as John’s thumbs dig into his buttocks, spreading him. Shockingly exposed. His cheeks are blazing, too mortified for words, but
plan. I never agreed.”
I go in for another bite, but he parries my spoon and pulls the bowl to the edge of the table.
“I was just explaining to
“Want what to happen, Mycroft?  There is no
Sherlock reflects on this homily as he makes his way home. It may be true, but why say it? Why, to him of all people, and now, in particular? It makes him think of John, John saying “it’s not a good idea,” even as his lips were red from kissing. It makes him think of Irene, her brittle advances, so obviously cold and calculated. This message is coming at him from every quarter. But where does it originate?
The stylist also brings us lunch. We get dressed, and then we get taken to London.
In the midst of our awkward silence, Irene’s mobile chimes again.
“So you would want a human familiar, if you could have one.”
“John, I think I want to—“  He swallows, tries again.  “That is, I wonder if you’d…”  I stare at him, uncomprehending, until he stills himself with visible effort, and I realize what he’s going to do only a split second before he wraps a hand around the back of my neck and leans in to kiss me square on the mouth.
Somebody orders special protection for me, and I don’t refuse it. Riding out of Sherlock’s London in an armored car, everything feels distant, fragmentary. It’s only when the lights and noise have fallen away behind us that my scattered pieces pull together once again. Since hearing Sherlock’s shattered voice on the phone, I’ve been carrying a dull, nameless feeling. Now, that feeling coalesces, becomes dense, like a nebula collapsing to form a new star. The star ignites, burns red and then white. Mycroft.
“What? Can I help?”
“What was your childhood like?” he asks.
John exhaled hard. “Yeah,” he said, “well…”
They got out of there, somehow, without even being arrested for public indecency. Their cab driver home was Omega, thank God, or Sherlock didn’t know what might have happened. Even as it was, she cast some very dubious looks their way, though she did get them home without commenting on her observations.
So when the day of the trial arrives, I’m a bundle of nerves. Sherlock’s attending as an expert witness. In the back of the cab, I hold his hand a bit tighter than usual. I could say something. I should say something right now, get my word in before Brook plants his idea of events in Sherlock’s mind. He might tell Sherlock I’m a fraud. He might say anything. I might not get another chance.
“All right,” he said.
“John, I’m doing exactly as I’ve always done. It’s you who haven’t attempted to initiate anything.”
Bart’s is about half a mile from the empty flat. I set off at a fast walk, then break into a jog as the situation sinks in. Sherlock didn’t
“Mm, soaked through,” John says, low and close to Sherlock’s ear. “Should have put a towel down.”
. He was letting John listen to it. John had a Muggle radio at home, and had spent the summer catching up on music. To walk down the street in Hogsmeade with a new INXS song playing right in his ears was beyond incredible.
“This?” he asks.
“My express permission granted
“Oh. ‘Course. Sorry,” John said. But Sherlock sped up his steps to get away, and John didn’t go after him.
“Anyhow,” Sherlock said, releasing him. “You’ll take the infirmary position, won’t you? You just need time, I think. McGonagall was right about that. It will hurt your pride, but you’ll get through it, and you can move in with me, so you won’t be bored.”
, but instead of just reacting, the thought comes into his head:
“So,” I say. “Did you know how that was going to turn out? With those kids?”
John turned over immediately, so that he was lying on his other side facing Sherlock. He was still breathing hard, his eyes full of some unreadable expression as they searched Sherlock’s face.
.  It had turned out to be true, after all.  He was too proud.
enjoyed it.
John gives a grunt of satisfaction, and then he leans down and—god,
“And you’ve hardly seen any of it.”
“Removed? What do you mean?”
“No, not suddenly. That’s the idea. That’s why we’re doing it this way, with hints and clues. We want him to have time to adjust to the idea, to come to terms with it, before we engineer an exit. He has to make the leap willingly, not be pushed into it. You see?”
These facts give rise to unquantifiable sensations: solitude, grandeur, apprehension. He shouldn’t be susceptible to them, and yet they crowd against him from every side. It isn’t only that he’s seen the Hound, if that is what it was. It isn’t only that he has confronted an unnatural creature. It’s the way everything has seemed heightened ever since they landed, somehow more real than real, deductions coming upon him almost unbidden, spurred by an overwhelming richness of detail. There’s more dust here, somehow, more footprints, more history in the stones and the scuff marks and the way people move about. At first it was exhilarating, but as the day has worn on, it’s come to seem somehow sinister. There’s something impossible about it all, a deduction too far, and now, having seen the Hound, a fact at once implausible and incontrovertible, everything is piling up, coming upon him in sickening waves, implications spiraling out like fractals, too much for him to manage.
“Oh,” said Sherlock, suddenly sharp and dismissive. “No. I don’t think so.”
“That explains the female figure,” she says. “But what about the one on the back stairs?”
Neilson will be paying you a visit. -MH
“Uh, so,” John said, looking for a neutral topic. “What to do you reckon happened to Eva Greene?”
Why would he lie about this? What is going on?
“Are you sure? But—“
It doesn’t take much after that—maybe it’s his voice. I press my forehead against his sweaty chest and just move and move, drowning in the smell and slick and heat of him, until everything melts, and I spend myself with a cry, right up deep inside him, while he shivers and clenches and wraps his arms around me, holding me close and tight and true.
“Yeah,” John panted. “Yeah, please, do it, I need you—“
Sherlock was breathless now, stroking fast and squeezing and squeezing his knot.
The silence stretches on. Nobody is sleeping.
“Inside, too?” he asks.
The next Morning, John woke to the sound of Sherlock clattering about downstairs.  It was just as well he’d awakened early; he needed to get down to the business of finding employment.  Free rent was a boon, but he couldn’t very well live with no income at all, and anyway, he wasn’t sure how long he’d want to stay with Sherlock.
“Have you got your sidearm?” asks Mrs. Hudson.
“Yeah,” Cory said, smiling back.
“Having fun?” Sherlock asks.
Then he leans in and presses his lips to the spot where his fingertips have just been. I close my eyes. The tip of his tongue touches me, tasting. Somewhere in the distance a skylark is trilling, an ever-tightening spiral of song.
“Magic, John.  Do keep up.  Quickly, now.”
“Why did you fail Potions?” It wasn’t what he had meant to ask. He didn’t know what he had meant to ask, really. Now that he had asked it, he realized it was only the topmost on a stack of questions he wanted answers to that somehow hadn’t been answered when Sherlock
“It’ll be something, at least.”
, that sweet, centering drag of flesh on flesh. Or near enough.
“It was after we cast the Blessing together,” Sherlock said. “It—I don’t know, it wasn’t like writing music, really. The tune just came to me, and I remembered it. It’s always in my head when I’m with you. I started playing it when you seemed to be having a nightmare. I thought it might help.”
But softly, now, softly. Wanting the taste of his skin again, I shift upward, lick beneath his ear. He stills suddenly, breath caged, and I know by his fluttering heart beneath my tongue and the hot swell of his cock in my hand that one more stroke will finish him. I pause, not meaning to toy with him, but wanting to experience him like this for just a moment more, thrumming on the brink, sweat-damp and brim-full.
Sherlock is very still now, hardly breathing. The pulse against my thumb at his wrist is rapid, thumping hard in the blue vein beneath his skin.
“Look at that,” I say. “That’s what I call a view.” It’s possible—likely—that I’m just looking for something to say, something to do, before we have to address the particulars of our situation. But the view really is impressive. Sherlock comes to stand beside me, and for a few minutes we gaze at the city together. Thousands of lights, millions of people, all unaware of us looking down over them.
“Mumbelty-peg,” she said, and tapped it with her wand. The gargoyle grimaced and stepped aside so that they could enter. The office hadn’t changed much since John’s day, as far as he could tell, though he started a little when the large, new portrait of Albus Dumbledore that hung just behind the large claw-footed desk grinned broadly at him, and winked.
“Get your own.”
Stealing a glance at Sherlock, I find him rapt, his expression thoughtful. What can he glean from a view like this? Could he fathom the movements of the whole city, in all their complexity? Perhaps he could. Perhaps he will, one day.
.  This is good.  I can work with this.  In fact, Mycroft’s little case gives me an idea.
“If I come inside you,” Sherlock said, low, “there won’t be any place for it all to go.”
When I get back inside, Sherlock isn’t in the lounge. He must have gone back up to the room. Our room. With one bed in it. Well, knowing Sherlock, he probably won’t sleep anyway.
“Yeah, thanks,” John said. “But I’m not interested. I’ve got to start getting ready for O.W.L.s next year. I won’t have time to run around babysitting someone who’s probably going to hate me for it anyway.”
When I come out of the bathroom, Sherlock is standing by the window, dressing gown wrapped tightly around his lean frame. I reckon he’d be pacing if the room wasn’t so crowded with rustic clutter.
“Well, yeah, but they should get the right guy. Do you still think they’re going to frame the nanny?”
As interested as John was in the fate of Sherlock Holmes, he was not to learn any more about it until quite some time later, because that was the night that Death Eaters destroyed the Brockdale Bridge. Open war had broken out. John was awakened from a sound sleep by a Ministry howler ordering him to report for duty. When he reached the Auror headquarters, every Auror in London seemed to have been called there. Head Auror Scrimgeour himself was handing out assignments. John was dispatched, with several others, to Somerset, where it was rumored that another strike would soon take place. There he met the enemy. For two long years he fought against the forces of darkness. Many times he faced death. He lost friends in the fight, and lovers. Often they died protecting people who did not even believe their kind existed.
Taking out his pocket knife, he uses the tip to pry up the loose floorboard. Beneath, he finds a small bundle of papers. Letters, from the look of them—or notes, actually. They’re not formally addressed in any way.
He paused just inside the doorway, as though confused, and shot dubious looks first at Sherlock, then at John. He came cautiously inside and handed one of the cups to John.
“Then why didn’t I—“ my voice breaks, and I have to start over. “Why didn’t I do something? Why didn’t I fix it?”
“I’ll leave you alone on one condition,” Mycroft said.  “Stop working the counter-scrying spell.  I know how much of your energy it takes, and it only puts you in danger.”
“Oh! Yeah, it’s good,” John said. Sherlock had indeed provided a very comfortable—well, not a corner, as it was a round room, but a segment, made private by attractive bookshelves and a couple of louvered wooden screens. Inside was a large bed hung with green velvet curtains, a wooden chest, and a tall, narrow wardrobe. It was about a third around the room from Sherlock’s own bed (which was not in a nook), a distance that seemed at once decorous and perhaps a bit silly. But it was pleasant enough. He’d be able to sleep there. He had already put away his few possessions.
Jesus. Testing me. He’s been doing it more and more lately. It makes me angry, on top of everything else.
“All right,” John said. “So Mycroft was wrong.  Everything’s fine.  I’m just your flatmate and occasional assistant.  You can stop pacing.”
“It belongs to my House,” Sherlock said, as if that were any explanation.  “How else do you think Mycroft finds it so convenient to drop in?”
Though eccentric in his habits, John found that he rather liked living with Sherlock.  He seemed to have little interest in asking John about his past--perhaps because he guessed all of it--and seemed to appreciate John’s respect for his own privacy in return.  Now and then, they would find themselves sitting companionably in the facing armchairs, perhaps sharing a newspaper (for Sherlock read these with keen interest), [ implies Sherlock investigates mundane crime]and they exchanged such conversation as almost anyone might.  At those times, John might almost have forgotten what his flatmate was, unless he looked up and couldn’t see Sherlock’s eyes.  In truth, he spent a good deal of time trying to see those eyes; they became an enigma to him, a puzzle to solve.  It was easy to forget that Sherlock might be gazing back at him.
“It was invigorating,” Sherlock said. “It was the first time I hadn’t been utterly bored since you kissed me on the train. Anyhow, I suppose you can imagine the rest. Working, living, occasional brushes with death. I came through more or less unscathed though, luckily. Luckier than you, I perceive.”
It’s not easy trying to seem as relaxed as Sherlock, especially as I’m now realizing that our appearing together is having another effect that I hadn’t anticipated. It’s proving, in the public eye, that my sins have been forgiven. It’s also suggesting something else—something that may or may not be true.
John blinked. “Um, he was the year after me, actually. Why?”
I take another sip of my too-sweet coffee. “What do you mean?”
“Oh, I see,” said John, beginning to understand.  “You cottoned on that enslaving other sentient beings might not be quite ethical.”
Lestrade’s eyes met Sherlock’s with an electric spark. “Don’t mind if I do,” he said, his voice low and silky. Oh, he really was rather fit, that Greg. He braced himself with an arm on the mattress, and Sherlock saw the lean tendons standing out in his shoulder as he took his aim and penetrated John. John’s breath huffed hot against Sherlock’s neck. Lestrade began to move, and it was clear right away that this time would indeed be different. Sherlock knew it by how John breathed, by Lestrade’s heavy eyes, by the smell of him.
“So, have you made that potion before?” John asked. “Did Snape assign it last year?”
And she drives away in her little blue Aston Martin, taillights winking in the dark.
“You there,” Holly said. “We are Aurors of the Ministry of Magic. Kindly stop what you are doing and put your hands up.”
“Mycroft--” Sherlock said, but Mycroft went on, looking John up and down.
Sherlock scoffed and turned away. Snape said nothing but—strangest thing yet—he laid his hand briefly on John’s shoulder, as though to comfort him.
John tried a tentative strike, but Sherlock made a frustrated sound.
The suite, when we get there, is huge, with two king-size beds in separate bedrooms, but the first thing I notice is that one wall of the sitting room is made entirely of windows.
“Quickly,” said Sherlock, and they moved, without releasing their hands, to Sherlock’s cauldron. They were not the only such trio maneuvering about the room; John felt curiously certain that, once he released his partners’ hands, it would be hard to join up again. Evidently this feeling was shared by the others. John looked up quickly at Sherlock and Snape’s faces before they began the spell again. Snape was unreadable, as usual, but Sherlock met his eyes briefly. His look was wide-eyed, awestruck—terrified. That shook John a little, and he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to do the spell. But if he didn’t, Sherlock’s potion wouldn’t work out and he would fail the class again. John took a deep breath and began the Blessing. Sherlock and Snape joined in with their lower voices.
And so we dove back out into the fray.
“So,” says Mrs. Hudson, after we’ve sat down at the kitchen table, “getting bored yet?”
“As you like.  I’ll get you a menu.”
“What have you there?” I asked.
“No,” Sherlock said.  “You’ll only come ‘round again when you catch me doing something you don’t approve of.”
and realizes he’s almost rocking. So he rocks, back and forth, several times, and then several more times. Sweat breaks out along his hairline.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says again. “Yeah, yes, please, God, do it, do it.”
And then,
Eventually, John got up and brought a plate of food back to bed: leftover tortellini alfredo from Angelo’s. Carbs and fat, fuel for the fire that would burn inside him for the next two and a half days. Sherlock pulled himself up to sit cross-legged. John handed him a fork, and they picnicked on the sheet.
“Fine. Just let me text my brother.”
“Never mind that you’ve shot people, I suppose.” He lets the bottle go, though, and pulls out something cheaper, left over from the Christmas party. He downs a tumblr of the amber liquid without so much as flinching.
The elevator ride up to our hotel room—our room which I had nothing to do with booking, but the desk clerk has only given us one set of keys—feels like the longest I’ve ever taken. Partly it’s nerves, but partly it is actually just a really long elevator ride because apparently we are now celebrities and we stay in fancy suites on the topmost floors of buildings. I guess we’ve got Vanessa to thank for that.
“Birds?” said Lestrade, nonplussed.
Sherlock opens the doors of the wardrobe, revealing, of course, the stolen painting. I don’t know what I expected, but not this. Not the fucking Reichenbach Falls.
“No I won’t.”
Out on the street, he recognizes the cab that pulls up by its number plate and by the scrape on its left front fender. The cabbie is someone new, though, which is curious. He can’t see much of the man from his seat in the back, but by the tag sticking out the back of his cap, he can’t have been a cabbie for long. Perhaps something has happened to the cab’s usual driver. Sherlock makes a mental note to follow up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll have tea.” He gets up and goes into the kitchen. When he has his cup, he settles opposite John at the table, not bothering to clear away the beakers or the small litter of pH paper strips occupying his place.
He shifts a little in the bed, turning away from me. “I don’t—. It’s. I think I’m going mad, sometimes.”
“I don’t understand,” John said.  “What
“But—“
“For not saying ‘I told you so.’”
“Um,” John said. “Well, you know. Help each other stay focused. Talk over the difficult stuff. Just company. You know.”
Sherlock directs me what to do through all of it, but I don’t speak at all.  At first it’s because I’m still coming down from my earlier mental state. Then it’s because the thought of anything I might say makes my throat close on a wave of shame.
As far as any student at Hogwarts knows, the potions master and the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor have always shared a room. It’s not even a matter for gossip, really, except insofar as the second years delight in telling it to the first years, who reveal, thereafter, something of their personality in the way they interact with professors Holmes and Watson. But even those few who are shocked at first soon come to accept it as simply a fact of life at the school, that these two men share a bond of loyalty and love.
“Hang on,” I manage. I push my hand against his chest until he pulls back enough to look at me. “Can we go upstairs?” And I really don’t mean that the way it sounds, but—
Sherlock gives Greg a long look. Greg fidgets under his scrutiny, glances toward me.
Sherlock pauses in the doorway, then drifts in slowly, taking everything in. He takes his torch and examines the walls.
CREDITS
“Sorry,” said John, “not until her symptoms die down. It shouldn’t be much longer, though.”
A few people have commented that my Wizarding names are especially good. The truth is, I am crap at coming up with names, and nearly all the names in this fic came from this
There’s still something strange about John, something he hasn’t yet been able to characterize, that has only come to light due to these unfamiliar surroundings and Sherlock’s unsettled state of mind. John is keeping something from him. Something important. Does this mean John cannot be trusted? Perhaps. And yet Sherlock, who is, in the end, just as irrational as every other poor idiot wandering this wasteland, continues to trust him.
takes me
Sherlock put something down with a thump, then said, “I think you ought to come with me on a case.”
“Snape would like someone who was brilliant at Potions. Which you must be, if you were in seventh year Potions as a fifth year, even if you did fail it the first time. Also, I like you. So, there, you’re wrong. Two people at Hogwarts like you.”
“Your—you were locked in a room?”
“A bit of cigar ash,” I say. “But there must be loads of rich art collectors who smoke cigars.”
“More,” he said. Sherlock grunted and thrust harder, so close John could feel it, and that was enough to drive him over the edge. John cried out and spilled over, throbbing. Sherlock was only a second behind him, thundering through John’s aftershocks with a loud moan. More kissing—sloppy, unthinking, jelly-boned—and then they rolled and lay together in the warm-rumpled darkness of the bed.
“You said you saw some sort of ghostly figures, Lady Stoner. Can you tell us more about them? What they looked like, where you saw them?”
John turned to see a portly wizard jogging toward him. It took him a moment to recognize the man.
His eyes go soft, and he takes my hand. I let him interlace our fingers. I’ve cracked open the last closed door in my mind palace, the one that slammed shut for the final time on that last awful night before the leap. That yawning abyss is still inside.
John finished in the shower and turned off the water, then came back into the bedroom. Sherlock tried to project an air of “sleeping” rather than “sulking”. No way to be sure whether John was fooled, but his footsteps drew closer to the bed, and then he got under the covers again and spooned up against Sherlock’s back. Apparently he didn’t care that Sherlock hadn’t washed yet. Sherlock gave up his charade to hug John’s arms against his chest, and John nuzzled the back of his neck with a tickle of warm breath.
John sees the smile and looks at his plate. “I don’t think we were…quite ourselves. Do you?”
close
“Doesn’t matter.  It isn’t true, anyway.”
Just then, a gasp goes up from the crowd as Sherlock’s dark silhouette comes into view. He’s with someone—a shorter man, slightly built—and the two of them seem to converse for a few moments. Then Sherlock draws away and stumbles toward the railing at the edge of the roof. He looks down, then outward, toward us. The other figure hangs back, watching.
“That is exactly what I am proposing,” she says. “We can’t all hide for the rest of our lives.”
“Watson!” somebody shouts. And then I’m being grabbed, pushed. “Pick him up!” somebody shouts. Then adrenaline kicks in, and I’m fighting, fighting dirty with elbows and knees and nails. I break free of the crowd at last and run, keeping my head down. I pull my jacket up over my head to hide my face, and in this manner I make it back through the tumult to the empty flat—the one from the card. The Kitty Riley one. It’s the only safe place I can think of that I can get to fast enough.
“But that’s not really the problem, is it?” His eyes search me, whip-quick and angry. “You never ask anything of me, ever. You never make the first move, you always wait for me to ask. I’d think you were quite uninterested if your physical responses didn’t tell a different story. Like you still don’t think
“What’s that?” John asks, cool and incurious. “I couldn’t quite hear you.”
Hairs rise on the back of my neck. “Anything you can’t say with me here?”
“What did you—what…happened, back there?”
it, and yet I also know that the Hound is out there, in here with me, evil and intent. I ring Sherlock’s mobile, and everything is backwards, reality inverted. I need someone—him, my one friend, my other half—to tell me that it’s all okay.
“Uh…someone coming for tea?”
Home. He doesn’t remember anything of the journey, which is just as it should be. He wakes up well after dark, clear-headed, puzzled for a moment by a sense of welling hopefulness until he remembers: John. John kissing him, holding him, touching him—holding his hand, for God’s sake. In the privacy of his own bed, he curls down around a rush of emotion, a sort of joyful terror. What has gotten into him? And here he is, in his best pajamas, tucked up securely between smooth sheets. Maybe he dressed himself and doesn’t remember, but maybe John did it. He could probably figure out which, but he closes his eyes against any possible clues, not wanting to be sure. He’ll just stay in bed a moment longer, in that space where all outcomes are possible, before anything can be disproven or refused.
New Orleans is also the perfect place to establish a headquarters for a human trafficking ring. There is the long stretch of coastline on the Gulf of Mexico including the vast network of bayous and swamps along the coast. New Orleans is on the Mississippi River, which feeds into most of the major and minor rivers of America, and runs all the way to Duluth, Minnesota where it meets up with the St. Louis River which empties into Lake Superior. It is the water highway of America. It gives the enterprise a way into Canada and, through Louisiana and into Texas, a way into Mexico. If the FBI and MI6, i.e., Sherlock, can get near the leadership, they can take down the entire structure.
“Yes, but I will have to be tested again, obviously.”
"S'very kind of you t'say so," Sherlock says, his voice stretching the words out like taffy. His eyebrows go up and down as he tries, and fails, to keep his eyes open. John laughs weakly, knowing Sherlock won't remember his love confession, and that it's probably okay because John knows what's true, finally. The truth feels like kissing Sherlock, his tongue in Sherlock's mouth sliding together, literally hot and so fucking hot metaphorically. It feels like holding Sherlock's cock in his hand, the smooth, hot, soft, skin over hard,
John tilts his head up towards the ceiling, and squints one eye, thinking. "A few months before you died, I told him how I felt, and he said he already knew, and that I should tell you." John shrugs ruefully. "Of course, I
he doesn't know enough to be able to make sound decisions. You're making him feel like he has to run everything by you and I'm telling you that he doesn't. I told him the same thing."
"John, I know you're capable of observing carefully and inferring conclusions from what you have observed. If I'm not mistaken, you did a full physical exam last night, is that right?"
," John says flatly, giving Sherlock a pointed look.
Several drinks and three hours later, the pub is beginning to fill with patrons, but it might as well be empty for all the attention that Gerald and John are paying it. The two of them are leaning towards each other and their mutual attraction is apparent to them and anyone who looks at them.
John positions himself. It's an awkward position in many ways, but Gerald's right in that it gives John more control over the speed of penetration. It just takes some maneuvering to get into place. Gerald ends up holding onto his own cock while John spreads his arse cheeks and lowers himself just enough that the tip of Gerald's cock is at his entrance. He lets go of his arse and puts two hands on the headboard and then uses it as leverage.
"You know, the thing that really bothers me the most—other than the fact I don't know what your plans are for Sherlock—is that you took an infant creature (and you're the one that called it an infant in your notes)—a
. "Fine," John snaps.
Inside the flat, Blaine’s persona changes. He’s a life-long bottom, which is part of the reason an agent had to die to get the information that Blaine is gay - being caught fucking another man might be forgiven by Blaine’s Catholic family and the other (largely Catholic) criminals he works with, but taking it up the arse? Unforgivable. This is the only place Blaine allows himself to completely lose his heterosexual shell and the transformation is almost comical.
When the buzzer rings, John comes out of his fog with a start. He wipes his face on the hem of his t-shirt and makes sure there's no semen on his hands or bottoms. Then he rushes down the outside stairs to the front door and pulls it open.
a difference between Gerald and Sherlock, and that difference is most obvious when you compare each of them next to John himself. Gerald, when not in Dom mode, is sweet, and considerate, and thoughtful. And very obviously gay.
Gerald lays a hand on his arm and rubs up and down.
. I forget that the two of you think I'm a sodding idiot, ta so much."
actually had a positive connotation," Sherlock snarls. He glowers at John, but John crosses his arms and refuses to acknowledge him.
"Yeah," John says and then grins.
"Yes!" Sherlock said. "Cuddling."
knowledge he already had, even if that knowledge was associated with the black dragon.
. A bloody fucking big one, too. Your egg is
For one shivering moment, Sherlock holds onto reality by trying to tip his consciousness over and into the warmth of John's eyes, whose eyebrows have just drawn together in confusion before he and everything around him blinks out of existence to be replaced with cold concrete, a sinister voice, and terror made all the more razor sharp by the joy and love that went before it.
?" John asks. Then, he can't help himself, he starts giggling. Gerald glares at him, but it's a fairly good-natured glare, as far as glares go. "I'm sorry, darling, it's just—I get it, I do. But you can allow me a laugh now and again? It's effective punishment. I'm getting very uncomfortable."
The agents who pull Sherlock out of his restraints, where Danilo (now dead) was beating him with his belt, dislocate Sherlock's shoulder in their haste to get in and out again without causing an international incident. Once they're in the air, a medic stabs Sherlock with a morphine syrette and with the help of two agents, performs a closed reduction to pop the head of Sherlock's humerus back into place. He puts it in a sling and then does as much as he can to fix Sherlock up before they land.
So, Sherlock leaves his phone next to the laptop connected by the little USB umbilical cord. He walks slowly over to Blaine and slides his fingers over Blaine’s jaw.
"Yeah, but he doesn't know you, does he? So, he's just going to be miserable, or worse—be an arse, and
“I have to give them something,” Sherlock says. “Or they’ll - “
"It's not anything important, John, and it's an injury I can easily take care of myself."
"Maybe if you showed me," John says.
"Did you think I didn't want you?" John asks, his voice no longer laughing, his brows drawing together in puzzlement.
"But I mean, I think he's secretly working
"Oh! Right! Right. Well—" John looked up at Chatsworth's amused brown eyes and gestured over his shoulder. "I've got a tired and cranky hatchling to see to."
John texts Rebecca and gives her the same cover story that he gave Janie, his supervisor. Then he calls Gerald to tell
Sherlock's eyes lift to John's face, and John's knees almost buckle with relief at seeing the recognition there, and now the urge to hold Sherlock is even stronger, but he can't, not yet.
. (With his hands and his lips and his fingers,
his self-centered, cantankerous, obstinate, and utterly adorable dragon.
John can't hide from the truth that he stashed inside his heart before he glued it back together the first time, a million years ago, watching a gorgeous, brilliant, mad bastard throw himself off the roof of the hospital where John learned how to save people's lives. It's the same  truth that he felt a million years ago lying on Sherlock's grave (when he thought it was
Sherlock hovers between wakefulness and sleep until John comes back with his book. As soon as John settles into the bed, under the duvet, Sherlock feels peace wash over him for the first time in almost two years. Sleep quickly claims him.
"I would've
Gerald's hand drops into his lap like the tendons were cut, and his eyes snap to John's.
"Gerald is all moony and in love, and you've got that fucking
He pulls off his t-shirt and throws it on the floor. Next he pulls off his pants and throws them on the floor, too. He's lying naked in Sherlock's bed and even though Sherlock isn't here with him and even though Sherlock will never be here with him, he allows himself this one chance just to pretend. There's nothing wrong with pretending right now. Sherlock's only been dead a few hours. Who will blame John for wanting to hold onto him a little longer?
"John, I'm—" Sherlock starts, but John just shakes his head.
"My priority last night was to look over him and get him settled. He was exhausted and in pain. I'm sure over the next few days and weeks, as he gets stronger, he'll be able to discuss those things. For the moment though, no, I don't think he would benefit from a therapist. Right now I'm going to feed him up, keep his pain and anxiety to a minimum, make sure he gets plenty of sleep and that he feels safe surrounded by the walls of 221B. If I begin to see signs that he needs psychological help, then I'll make that happen."
"You're a dick," John growls, and storms off to the bedroom.
"I already took it," Sherlock says.
"No, she was too gobsmacked to say anything. We just went on as though she hadn't caught me with Cyril's cock down my throat. Cyril turned it into a comedy but I went back to Oxford feeling like I'd lost her forever. We were always so close. Still are."
Sherlock asked, dismay and fear ringing through John as Sherlock's emotions bled into his.
soothing him. It gave him purpose, something just as important as the sense of belonging he felt with his new friend.
Sherlock's tongue slips just inside the heat of John's mouth, sliding along the inside of his teeth, down the smooth, wet skin of his cheek before their tongues catch on each other. John's fists his left hand in Sherlock's white button down, and his other hand plows through Sherlock's still-too-short hair. Sherlock drags his hands down John's sides, and around to the small of his back, and lets the fingers of his right hand flirt with the edge of John's scrub bottoms.
"I—what do you want me to do?" John stutters, spreading his hands wide in defense.
"I'm not making excuses," John says, mouth tight, staring into his empty glass. He holds it up to the bartender who nods, and fills another. Rebecca doesn't say anything while John looks straight ahead. When the bartender brings his new, John says
mention the shoes—and he will be very subtle about the way he introduces the topic of John's virility to soothe his troubled ego.
Gerald catches his eye. "You look unsure," he says. "Changed your mind?"
Sherlock wants to stand up and walk off, but his body hurts and now his heart does, too. If John hasn't connected the dots yet, he will eventually and then whatever plans Sherlock had for his relationship with John will go out the window.
John turned away, not crazy about being punched in the head with magic again today.
"Sixty-three in total."
"No," Sherlock chuckles darkly. "Quite experienced. Would you like to hear all the filthy things I want to do to you?"
Sherlock groans in annoyance. "I know. It was a mistake, it'll never happen again, blah, blah, blah."
His hands slide up John's thighs and then up his arms and down his chest. He murmurs wordless encouragement and John begins to move. He puts his hands back on the headboard. It's more of a rocking motion than an in and out motion. He rocks forward and out, then back and in. The drag of Gerald's cock in and out of his body is possibly the most erotic sensation he's ever experienced. The psychological effect it has on him isn't a surprise, but the intensity of it is. One can argue that Gerald's penis is no different than his fingers, which have also been inside John's body.
. (With his hands and his lips and his fingers,
Sherlock just nods, his body heavy with exhaustion. He lets himself be led into the room and gently guided into the bed and then John is covering him with the duvet and about to leave and Sherlock panics.
"You'll just have to convince him, that no matter what it is, you aren't holding yourself back. You and I did some pretty kinky things," Gerald points out. "Why wouldn't you do it for him?"
"I would hope you trust me enough to understand that I'd draw the line at
"If you tell me which flat is yours, sir, I'll begin unloading the van and carrying everything up so you can see to your hatchling."
John was not surprised to discover that Sherlock was just as brilliant at shifting as he was at everything else. He managed it on the first try, crowing with triumph. Chatsworth and John cheered at his success after which Sherlock—true to character—preened ecstatically, opening his wings and snapping them sharply to their full length.
, he said.
"That's half my job done, then," Dr. Reed says with a laugh. "Is there anything specific you want to work on during our phone calls?"
John cannot believe he's spent the last twenty plus years of his life not knowing that
At the reminder of Sherlock's deception, John tenses visibly and Sherlock shrinks into himself in frustrated guilt. He knows if he apologizes, John will just tell him apologies are useless (something
"Oh, brilliant deduction," Holmes said, rolling his eyes.
Cradled 'tween love and grace
Out popped a foot. It was about the size of a housecat's but tipped with half inch talons. The toes had more joints than other animals—they were almost finger-like—and Sherlock used them to grip the edge of the shell.
Gerald's face clears, the sun comes out, and then he doubles over in laughter. John chuckles a little bit, because he can't help himself—when Gerald laughs, he makes John want to laugh, too. He repeats his question.
Then his hand is reaching out and wrapping around John's cock and his head is coming up so they can kiss and when the sun comes up an hour later, they're lying in a panting, sweaty, sticky heap of post-coital bliss.
"None of that. You're still macho, even if you take a painkiller. Next – you okay if I run to the clinic?"
"Take your clothes off, and put your hands on the bedframe," Sherlock says, climbing off him, and barely holding back from palming himself through his trousers.
" John asks, more defensive than what is warranted. "You know very well Gerald isn't some casual acquaintance, Mycroft. You've known that for almost a year."
"Hey! I'll remind you that when we met, you said if you weren't married, you'd drag me off to bed, that you loved the boys who swung both ways—your words, not mine—because they weren't afraid to fuck rough and hard."
John's jaw clenches as he feels hurt trying to spill out of him and he tries to stop it, but it's already out. "I loved you, and you broke me when you left, and I glued myself back together, and then you came back, and broke me all over again, and now I don't work right without you,” John says softly, quickly, feeling feverish with exhaustion and too many goddamned feelings for one man to handle in the space of a few hours. "No, that's not—not true."
"I'm not—"
, he thinks. Abruptly, John realizes that the reverse is also true.
"Oh, no, sir. Mr. Holmes pays a very competitive wage."
days—they started coming in the night of Sherlock's hatching.
"But—"
"How can it be
"I know that."
He stands up. He knows where he's going but he's not going to think about why just yet. He walks through the kitchen and into the little hallway and then into Sherlock's bedroom. The bed is unmade. There's a small red rubber ball in the middle of the bed. He laughs but it's just a whisper, one puff of breath. He picks it up and sits on the edge of the bed.
"Nope! I will turn around and lock myself in that bedroom and leave you out here by yourself if you say another word."
"Good morning," Sherlock says, not wanting to startle John, although the flushing of the toilet should have been enough of an alert that he was up and moving.
He pulls two clean towels out of the cabinet, one for Gerald to sit on (because his poor arse is probably stuck to the porcelain with sweat by now) and one to lay in his lap to catch everything.
in love and joyful that, every now and again, dread drives a spike into his spine, and he thinks
“Careful,” Blaine says, amused, and reaches for Sherlock’s hips to steady him.
It was Mycroft's turn to smirk. "Never fear.
John glances at Sherlock and smiles and Sherlock feels a relief so powerful, it staggers him. Mrs. Hudson leaves after one last kiss to Sherlock's cheek. John obediently goes into the kitchen and puts the kettle on.
"Does that mean he'll need to eat organ meat all the time?"
Sherlock starts to say something sarcastic such as
a dragon, too! That's bloody
Gerald steps closer. "I'm better than I was the last time I saw you," he says and there's still a note of bitterness in his voice.
eat people.
Her coarse ginger hair tickles his nose when he turns her gently onto her side and lines himself up behind her. He presses his lips against her neck and she pokes him in the eye with the condom packet when she hands it to him over her shoulder without looking. They laugh and, for a moment, it's not sex but something better, something a lot like friendship.
"My doctor's a dragon," Chatsworth said with a completely unapologetic twist of his lips.
"Yeah, he's—we had a fight. He's in Denmark."
There's only one thing for it now, if he's to ensure he doesn't put himself in the way of John's happiness—he must cure himself of this inappropriate attachment to John.
home, in his bedroom, at 221B Baker Street.
Eventually, the novelty of Sherlock's presence takes a back stage to Milton. John gets another go to cuddle him, but this time Milton is awake. His dark wet eyes stare up at John in a way that makes John feel a certain rightness with the world. And then Milton bursts out into a potent wail.
"What does
"Are you sure this is your, um, your first time?" Gerald gasps as John patiently but persistently uses his mouth and hands, tongue and teeth, to lavish attention on every bit of Gerald's skin.
"Ye-es," Sherlock says, drawing the word out, emphasizing the
Holmes's unimpressed raised eyebrows made John suddenly wary. He narrowed his eyes.
and to the nurse, urgently but quietly, he says, "I think she may be having pre-cardiomyopathy infarction."
He stops and bends over so abruptly, that John collides with his (ridiculously lush and shapely) rear with an
," Sherlock says with such painful yearning that John feels it in the back of his teeth, and along the edges of his shoulders, a shivery feeling. "You
"Tell me if you can feel this," John says, pressing around the tear in Gerald's lip.
"I think you'll find he can," Mycroft said mildly then looked up at Sherlock with a look John recognized from his own history of needling his sibling. "Considering he just did."
. John rolls over to face him. Gerald looks at him with tenderness and John is shocked by how much it affects him.
"Are you in pain?" John asks.
piss, mind you—and need to get yourself a new therapist."
in Serbia and now you're telling me you want to be my, my—what, boyfriend?"
"No!" John says, offended, ironically, that she thinks he would cheat on Gerald in some kind of bid to reclaim his heterosexuality.
"Ye-es," John says, eyebrows lifted in a question.
"Oh, you like that one," Gerald says, his voice dripping with gratification.
"—I wasn't finished! The point I'm trying to make is that we all need time! You need time to heal and I need time to work out how I feel and help you heal."
This moment is, without a doubt, the most intimate he has ever shared with another human being. Sherlock has had sex with dozens of people (unless one's definition of sex is penetration only), but he has never felt more naked and vulnerable than he does now.
"Personally, I prefer to try dating someone before I do anything else."
"Look, John," Gerald says, his fingers brushing idle circles over John's stomach and chest. "Even with all the progress the gay community, and society at large, has made, being openly gay is difficult. In many ways, it means living in constant fear - fear of violence, fear that your job will be jeopardized, fear of judgement from co-workers, family, and friends, fear that you could
Sherlock turns his face, his glittering eyes narrowed and fixed on John's. "I'm never wrong," he says.
"Lovers," she says softly, and slowly spins her glass in her hands.
"Well, there's a first time for everything!" John says cheerfully. "Because
"How do you plan to keep her out of the flat?" Sherlock scoffs. "She's baking those scones you love. Can't you smell it?"
John takes him around to meet each person. Rebecca he already knows, so John introduces Rebecca's husband, Jasper. Then he leads Sherlock to the new mothers and Bernie—the dirty little thing that she is—murmurs, "My goodness. You're gorgeous enough to make me wish I was straight," in her posh voice.
"What's your pain level on a scale of one to ten?" John asks.
Mycroft looks down at his notes, not deigning to answer. "Mrs. Hudson will need to be told. Have you thought of the best way to tell her that won't involve her shrieking the news to half the neighborhood?"
"One last thing, Dr. Watson."
Sherlock gave him a baleful look.
“Oh, fuck you, Holmes. You European agents are all the same. You think you’re so fucking superior to Americans - “
Chatsworth hovered in the kitchen, clearly wanting to help, but John waved him off. Then he reached down and picked Sherlock up. As usual, Sherlock's tail coiled around John's waist. John rubbed his cheek against Sherlock's both as a sign of affection and to reassure him.
"I fucking hate magic," John groaned. A minute later he added the new memory to his list.
"Afraid she would think you were gay?" Gerald asks gently.
"That man you heard me talking to, the one your brother sent? His name is Chatsworth. He's—"
said.
Before Chatsworth could even open his giant scary mouth to answer, Sherlock said, "Stop groping me, John. I'm trying to spit fire."
"I'm going to write you a prescription for antibiotics and I want you to take them for three days. I'll get you a probiotic, too, so you don't get an overgrowth of yeast in your gut. I have to run to the surgery to get my prescription pad."
Sherlock asked.
Sherlock sighs in annoyance. "They ache," he admits reluctantly.
"I just don't know what to say to Gerald," John says.
Both Gregory and Mycroft gave Sherlock matching looks of incomprehension. Finally Mycroft snapped, "Of course not! Do you honestly think I would partner with someone who murdered people?"
A bachelor sized basket of unfolded laundry hides behind the small sofa and the neatly folded white cotton pants in a basket next to it shows the job was started and abandoned halfway through. John wonders if Gerald is wearing a pair of those white cotton pants right now and he grins.
," Rebecca says with a roll of her eyes. "Bribing Sherlock with oral sex to eat a piece of toast and an
, you idiot," Sherlock scoffs. "They did give you an actual
He checks it before bed to find he has five missed calls. He listens to his voicemail, tempted to leave it, but knowing if Rebecca and Bernie aren't given some incentive to leave off, they'll show up at the flat.
John rolled his eyes. "Oh, Lord, I'm guessing every time I want to go out and have a pint with friends or go on a date, I'm going to have a fight on my hands?"
name on it," he says with a self-righteous twist of his lips, and then turns the envelope back over to the front and reads out, "'Dr. John Watson and Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
"He's reaching sexual maturity," was Chatsworth's explanation. "It won't be long now before he can shift to human."
"Good. I wanted to be able to speak to you privately. Firstly, I never intended to put the onus of caring for my brother on your shoulders, so I would like to verify that you are indeed willing to act as his doctor until his wounds are healed?"
“Yeah,” Lestrade breathed.
, went the song, and John’s face got unexpectedly hot. He glanced at Cory, who was looking straight ahead, blushing furiously.
At home, John’s latest boring girlfriend has obviously stormed out for the final time. That’s a bright spot in the evening, at least.
He’s only half certain that the drug is in the sugar, but there’s only one way to find out. Well, only one that he’s going to pursue. He leaves Henry Knight’s house feeling optimistic.
“Wait.” He only whispers, but his fingers brush my shoulder. “Would you undress? I want to see you.”
he is thinking), John’s whole strong, bare body is wrapped around him in his bed.
Hell, I don’t know what I’m going to do. Even as we get on with our investigation, I’m still half giddy from this morning’s…whatever it was. We don’t speak on the way back to the inn, but there’s an elastic tension between us. He holds the door open for me when we arrive, and our clothes brush together as I pass through.
“The extras are going on strike.”
“What, you…you want me to be disconcerted?”
God, so quick, both of us. I should draw it out more next time…show him how good it can be. Not that this wasn’t also good. But…next time.
He looks confused for a moment more, and then a shutter comes down over his expression, and I wish immediately that I could take it back, and bollocks to Mycroft and the whole bloody world.  But he is already pulling away.
it. But what was it? The notes were pulling at him, carrying him. Tenderly. Tears welled suddenly in his eyes. He couldn’t stop them, and they rolled down his cheeks.
I’m not surprised he can tell. I’m sure everyone can tell.
“But why should anyone want to do me harm?”  Sherlock asked, his voice rising so that John could hear it clearly.  “I’ve renounced my House, I have no title, no standing at all.  There’s nothing to gain by challenging me.”
“Not an option,” Sherlock said, if anything walking a bit faster.  “There’s already a chance we’ll be late as it is.  Ah, here we are.”
“So what was it, then?”
“I’m not surprised it caught your eye,” Sherlock says. He lets his hand start a slow, massaging motion. “But it won’t be enough by itself, most likely.”
“Well,” Sherlock said. “Of course, I read the instructions for the Panacea Potion carefully before beginning. I noted the ninety-nine day window and the requirement for three wizards to work together on the Blessing.”
“Hey,” said John, when he reached him.
“What?” John asks. “My dad was a collector.”
it. And I want
“So you thought that if someone…I mean, I think I saw into your soul, or something. You thought that if that happened—that I would—“
“Ugh, horrid. I’m never going to call you Jack.”
Sherlock felt his face get hot. Now that John mentioned it, the idea was quite appealing.
?” Sherlock scowled, some emotion cracking into his voice at last. “I can’t guess what you’re thinking, I don’t know what you’re hoping for. If you want something, just
“But did you…did you do something to me? With your eyes?”
I don’t have much to do at the school—just trail along in Sherlock’s wake as he reconstructs the scene. I’ve never been to a place like this in the real world. It’s hard to fathom how any parent could send their child away for an entire school term, to be looked after by strange adults. I’ve read my share of boarding school stories, of course, but that can’t possibly give you an accurate picture, can it?
I stare at it for several seconds before a cold spike of realization shoots down through me, rooting me to the spot. I glance up to see if Sherlock has noticed, but he’s still giving me his coldest shoulder.  I try very hard not to look as though I find the paper unduly interesting, because I’m pretty sure what I’m holding is pure, deadly contraband: a little shard of the outside world, trying to tear a hole in Sherlock’s universe.
John handed him the phone, and Sherlock flipped through the photos John had taken of himself. John had expected at first that Sherlock would want to take the pictures, but Sherlock argued that it would tell the wrong sort of story. Of the ones John had taken, quite a few were blurry or too oddly composed to be erotic. But then—
“More claim than you have, brother mine.” The deep voice makes both of us jump, and Mycroft goes as white as a sheet. Then Sherlock steps into my field of view. I should wonder how I didn’t notice him hiding here, in this very room. I should look at him, speak to him—but I’m too focused on my target. My hands are steady.
“I’m sorry,” John said, looking up at the picture of Headmaster Snape, which glowered back at him. He couldn’t pretend to understand everything that had happened at Hogwarts during the war, but he had never believed Snape was evil. Seeing his picture here was a strange relief.
Lingering in the village also gives John a chance to blow off steam over a few pints of the local brown ale. He doesn’t get entirely smashed, but his high spirits on the walk back to their car are enough to kindle a small spark of pride in Sherlock’s breast.
like water on hot coals, and Sherlock’s whole being comes apart into steam. John is with him, touching him, his voice crooning, but Sherlock can’t make out the words, can’t sort out the touch, can only ride along in the color-pulsing darkness of his squeezed-shut eyes as every nerve is struck at once, as he pulses and shivers and juices and melts, endlessly.
“Sorry,” John said, and then: “Sherlock.” Sherlock, close to him, turned, and John pulled him in for a kiss. Sherlock gave a quiet hum of approval and put his arms around John’s back, and they stood and kissed for a long moment in the dusk.
real. You’re amazing. You did things nobody else could have done. You’re still doing it, right now. The police aren’t idiots, you know—they’ve got really smart people working on this. They just haven’t figured it out because they haven’t got Sherlock Holmes.”
“You didn’t trust anyone,” John said.
“No I’m not, I was just waiting for you. It’s lucky I even spotted you hiding over here.”
My stomach gives a dizzy swoop. I text Lestrade on my own phone.
I need to get control of this. I need to figure out what he’s thinking. But I can’t speak, can barely breathe, with Sherlock looking at me this way.
“Well, the imagination is a powerful thing.”
“Fuck if I know.” I feel restless, hands twitching. “It’s not what I’d have done.”
Confession time: I’m having fun. Even knowing it was all set up in advance, breaking into Baskerville had a certain tension and release to it. I don’t know whether Corporal Lyons was a real soldier, but he was a good enough imitation of one that I enjoyed pulling rank on him. In particular, I suppose I enjoyed doing it with Sherlock watching, being what he needed me to be. He needed me to play the soldier’s part, he took it for granted that I would do it, and I did it. We have a dynamic. I get high on that.
In the Settings menu, he finds that “Wifi Hotspot” is set to “on”. He turns it off, and the IAPHONE network disappears from the wifi menu on his laptop. That, at least, is something. He leaves it turned off, not that it probably makes any difference to whomever is watching.
Sherlock frowned and said nothing. John was saved from thinking of something else to say by the arrival of Professor Snape. He swept in with his usual swirl of robes, and John couldn’t help rolling his eyes a little. If Snape was so offended by frivolous pursuits, then perhaps he should stop practicing dramatic moves in front of the mirror.
“Holmes!” I cried, and ran with my oar to the spot where he had gone in. I saw with relief that his head was above water.
“Might work,” Sherlock said.
. Right when there was—at least I thought there was. Something. And then you turn up here, just—just teaching, what, Potions? Are you the new Potions master?”
It was something of a relief to get back into Lestrade’s office and shut the door. Lestrade hadn’t come back with the coffee yet. Sherlock sat down in Lestrade’s chair behind the desk and put his feet up, because if he didn’t put something between himself and John it would be that much harder to resist his very inappropriate urges. He was half-hard in his pants as it was. John’s gaze was on him, hot and bright. He glowed. It was like magic, really.
“Mine, too,” said Sherlock, and knew it was true.
“And I’m telling
Aileen Aster.  She gets brought onto the set to film some background scenes before Sherlock learns of her existence.  I don’t have any scenes with her, but I’m there to film a scripted meeting with Greg, and the two of us are on a coffee break when the chat show queen sweeps into the break room, PA in tow.  Greg and I exchange incredulous looks, but she saves us from gawking by coming right over to say hello.
“So?”
“No thank you,” Sherlock says.
“Charming,” Sherlock says.
He looks shifty. I guess he’s reconsidered his assumptions about me. I wonder if he’s reviewed the footage of the kiss after the pool scene. My mind comes up with an image of a high-tech situation room, Mycroft and haggard Greg and a bunch of suits all gathered around a holographic display, watching the kiss on repeat, analyzing it from every angle. Digital readouts of my life signs, my heart rate and respiration spiking in the corner of the screen. The idea is only half ridiculous. I sigh, banishing the image.
He opens his wardrobe and rummages in a box until he finds an old laptop suitable for opening suspicious files.  He turns it on and disables the wireless connection before inserting the USB drive.
“A...door?”  John asked, feeling quite thick all of a sudden.
“God, yeah,” John said. “Let’s do that.”
,” she hisses. “Never mind Sherlock, you’ve got to head home.”
“All sorts.  I’m best at murders, though.  Come along.”  Working quickly, he capped the vial and dropped it into his pocket.  Then he headed toward the door.
John's genuine enthusiasm mollifies Sherlock, although he's still disappointed that John isn't as excited as he is.
Sherlock away, because then he'll land on his back and John is still trying to keep that in mind while also keeping his hips from bucking up into Sherlock's fist while
Chatsworth's eyes were on the sky where Sherlock's black wings were growing quickly smaller. "He won't go too far."
"But I'm grateful he killed himself, John," Sherlock says, gritting his teeth against the tears piling up in his throat. "I don't want to be glad, but I am. I would've died there. I'm so relieved to be out of there, but a boy
anyone else to touch John (or even look at him, if he's honest with himself) it doesn't matter.
I would've gone through hell
"Don't hold your breath." At the look on her face, John capitulates. "I will
of sound shivered through his chest along with the welcome comfort of
Well, here we are, take my hand
in a relationship?" and Sherlock scoffs like it's the stupidest thing he's ever heard, and doesn't answer. Dr. Reed says, far too kindly for Sherlock's taste, "Silence is an answer, Sherlock."
is not having to
"When I'm cleared, John, I want to fuck you just like this, on your hands and knees, and when I come, I'll plug you up, and leave you there, hard and aching until my cock is hard again—and I assure you my refractory period is quite impressive for my age—then I'll suck you off, and you'll come in my mouth, but I won't swallow. I'll push you back down onto your shoulders so your arse is in the air, waiting for my cock, and I'll pull the plug out, then open my mouth and let your semen fall from my mouth onto your gaping anus, and make you squeeze your arse—oh, yeah, just like that—fuck that's—and my semen will dribble out of you. My DNA will be mixed with your DNA, and I'll plunge into you without warning, our seed mixing together, and when I come again, I'll smear both of our semen all over your arse, down your thighs, around to your dick which will be hard and aching again. I'll help you up to your feet, and then I'll kneel before you and you'll jack yourself and come on my face, and I'll smear your cum all over my body. Then I'll make us both stay like that, covered in each other, our bodies twined together, lips sliding together slow and sloppy, the both of us drunk on endorphins and each other until we can't stand being filthy anymore."
"Mycroft, I thought you and I had begun to understand each other and—dare I say it—almost became friends. But right now, you're on my shit list and the last thing you should be doing is telling me how to do my job as Sherlock's doctor. So, with all due respect, good-fucking-bye."
"Rebecca!" John  hisses, looking around, making sure nobody overheard.
The look of betrayal on Blaine’s face is expected. The tears Sherlock sees drip, drip, dripping onto Blaine’s cheeks and forehead are unexpected. He presses soft kisses against Blaine’s jaw, the corner of his mouth, his temple.
Cyril comes up on his own, leaving Gerald skulking about the edge of the room. John expects Cyril to say something salty and smug, but he's surprised by the alacrity and genuine feeling with which Cyril shakes Sherlock's hand. "It's good to have you here with us," is what he says and the sentiment is echoed in murmurs around the room.
“Hairline fracture in my left elbow.”
Mycroft looked up, incredulous. "I've already told you all I'm going to ever tell you on this subject. He's bonded to you and chosen you as his mate. He won't change his mind or find someone else. What you choose to do with that information, I really don't want to know. Do you understand?"
, watching—stupid and paralyzed—as Sherlock's reality shatters around him. Sherlock looks feral, snarling, hunched into himself, defiance and terror cozy bedfellows in his eyes, like they're
"This isn't my first mentoring gig."
"What makes you say that?" John asks.
John listened to the whipping furor of Sherlock's magnificent black wings and watched the opalescent shine of Sherlock's belly winking like a jewel in the sunlight until the sun kissed the horizon. Sherlock landed a final time, hungry and thirsty and demanding as usual. John, still flushed with the awe of watching Sherlock fly, gripped Sherlock in a hug. Sherlock rubbed his cheek against John's. They stayed that way for a moment, heads together, love and joy passing back and forth between them in their own kind of magic.
"I wasn't planning on sleeping with
"I made a huge mistake," John says tremulously, wiping away his own tears. "I can't change what happened. I want you in my life, but I—I never stopped being in love with him," John says quietly. "It didn't matter then—he was dead, so it didn't matter. I love you, Gerald, no matter how much I've hurt you."
He looked up at John plaintively. "I'm still hungry."
"Bribe him with sex."
!" John says, grinning widely—he never lets go of a chance to tell Sherlock he's wrong. "They mean completely opposite things!"
man or
"Look, it's about compromise. You know this—it's basic relationship stuff. You and I—our relationship wouldn't have worked without talking to each other and trying to meet halfway."
John fishes the packet of dihydrocodeineone out of his kit and Gerald follows him to the kitchen. John hands him a glass of water and pushes the pill out of the blister pack and hands it to Gerald, who swallows it back with water and then drinks the rest of the glass.
in your arse, and then I'm going to put my
Sherlock’s mouth goes dry, his heart kicks up a dozen extra beats per minute, and his mind fizzles pathetically. He is adept at talking dirty, and has been the recipient of it as well, but he's never heard anything as erotic as John Watson telling him,
"I love you, too," Gerald says. "You don't think he'd be pleased you were happy? I mean, you are, right? Happy, that is?"
Chatsworth's cheeks reddened in a charming way at John's reaction.
"Even beyond the grave, Sherlock causes trouble," John says affectionately.
"I hope so," he says with a rueful grin.
"Got shot," he says simply and then starts unbuttoning his shirt while Gerald's eyes go wide and his lips part.
"Why do you call it that?" Gerald says, laughing despite his irritation. "They don't go in there to be
Mycroft said begrudgingly.
John ripped into the envelope. Of course, both the sheet of stationery and the envelope were made from heavy cream paper. There was a stylized
He checks the kitchen clock. It's almost seven. He has plenty of time to read over the medical brief the embassy gave to Sherlock to see if he needs to add anything else to the list before he texts it to Gerald.
"Yes, fine," Sherlock says, and walks into the kitchen, leaving Mycroft to see himself out.
supposed to say please."
Sherlock spent the afternoon shifting and flying. Without Mycroft at home, dinner was laid out buffet style in the informal dining room. When Sherlock, naked still, breezed past with a laptop in his hand, John turned to go after him, but Chatsworth strolled in, thankfully clothed, and said, "Sit down and eat, John. He's fine. I sent him off to see one of the young dragons here. He's older than Sherlock, but not ready to leave the nest, so to speak."
After his breakup with Gerald, Rebecca and Cyril (who John is the closest to out of all of Gerald's friends) stay in touch with John daily and try to get him to open up about what happened. While John appreciates their concern, he can't say anything other than it was a joint decision to end their relationship, and eventually they stop, realizing they're just making things worse by trying to get him and Gerald to talk about it.
A filthy, filthy lie.
"You're
John closes his eyes as sour shame wends its way from his gut to grip his lungs and heart, seizing them both so that it feels, just for a second, as though his heart has stopped and his lungs collapsed. It would be
John looked at Chatsworth in astonishment. "
loss.
John crouches in front of Sherlock and his hand strokes up and down Sherlock's thigh in a soothing motion. He doesn't realize he's doing it. "All right?" John asks.
"And now here I am," he says at last.
"John," Mycroft says that evening, surprising John, who's not used to being addressed directly by Mycroft when Sherlock is in the room. (Unless Sherlock refuses to do what Mycroft wants, in which case Mycroft fobs it off onto John.)
John sputtered. "I bloody well
Until he starts talking.
—whatever your name is," Sherlock says, gritting his teeth, and then turns to John. He lowers his voice so only John can hear, and says, "I don't care what they think about me. But when they find out there's an
and I would've waited as long as it took," John says. "It's too late now."
Another complication was keeping Sherlock busy or entertained. He'd been content for the first few weeks, but in the fourth week, he became increasingly restless and irritable. Strangely, though, he was more clingy with John—he followed John throughout the flat, even into the bathroom (though John nipped that habit in the bud from the get go); his tail was constantly twining around and through John's legs or around his waist or arms, and he couldn't go more than an hour without rubbing his cheek or chin on John.
"Well, I bet that puts blokes off," John jokes.
wants
as John sucks just the head into his mouth, watching Gerald's face while he does it.
Gerald cups John's neck with his hands, his thumbs brushing along John's jaw. He can't really smile, but Gerald's mouth doesn't have to work for John to know how he feels. Gerald's eyes are versatile in their expressiveness.
, Sherlock. You're insatiable!"
"Sherlock—"
"I could use some of that," John mutters, kicking off his shoes, hanging up his jacket, and dropping his bag on the floor. "I'm off to have a shower"
"Two minutes."
it. Desire unfurls low in John's body and blood rushes to fill his prick. He groans, half from pleasure and half from the frustration of not being able to get out of Sherlock's arms without hurting him physically
"We can burn it back at the flat and put the ashes in a baggie and then we can come back," Gerald offers. "Or you could just keep the notebook."
"Are you going to continue to interrupt me?" Sherlock asks, scowling. John shakes his head, chagrined. "I would arrange a cab to pick you up here at 6 p.m. and bring you to me. And then, well—and then I would seduce you. The salient points are that you put on the Belstaff and stilettos, and go downstairs, and get in the cab. The driver will know where—"
Gerald had been quick to referee, to introduce Cyril to John, but John had kept a possessive arm around Gerald all night, glowering at Cyril who'd looked completely unaffected, and falsely cheerful.
Chatsworth's laughter reverberated through John's bones. He'd quite forgotten about Chatsworth and why they were here in the first place.
Sherlock's grave) and wanted to lie there until he died, too, and his bones sank into the ground to lie with Sherlock's bones because he couldn't imagine trying to live with a Sherlock shaped wound in his world.
"Why—" Sherlock begins to ask, and just looks at John with a mixture of incredulity and confusion.
"Did you offer to wear your regular shoes, maybe, until you got into the taxi?"
John trails his nose down Sherlock's cock through his pants, burying his nose into the crease of Sherlock's thigh. He closes his eyes, and pulls in a deep, shuddering inhalation, moaning hoarsely. Sherlock's mouth falls open, and something shockingly like a whimper escapes him. John chuckles breathily and then uses the flat of his tongue to move even further down, against the underside of Sherlock's balls, and then he licks back up between them, and then around each individual testicle, and finally up to the root of his cock. Sherlock's breathing is uneven, and his knuckles ache from digging his hands into the mattress. His arse cheeks are clenched tightly together. In fact, his whole body is wound tight as a spring. John stiffens his tongue and brushes it in a zigzag pattern all the way up to the tip of Sherlock's penis, which he suckles gently through the damp cotton of Sherlock's pants.
There was a moment of silence before Sherlock said, "Well? Are you going to make me my own tea?"
John's face morphs from incredulous to appalled. He shakes his head slowly, and says, "Uh, no. Nope. Why would he? He knew how I felt about you!"
Answers could wait, but John's stomach could not. He lurched for the bathroom, not wanting to clean up vomit in addition to being sick. He bent over the commode; the violence of his body's chocking effort to turn his stomach inside out shocked him. Fear begin to bleed into the edges of his mind. There was more of that tugging feeling—an actual physical feeling so repulsive that John's guts heaved hard enough to produce black spots in his vision.
—and then wiping his fingers on the bed. John says, "You should've put the condom on first," and Sherlock says, "Yes, thank you, John, that's fairly obvious," and John teases him as much as he can when he feels like he's about to combust, "I thought you said you'd done this sort of thing before," and Sherlock smacks his arse, and then grabs him by the hip with one hand, his long, long fingers brushing the edges of John's pubic hair, his other hand guiding his cock in, starting slowly, but John pushes back, and Sherlock's hips thrust forward instinctively. John grunts at the brief flare of pain, but Sherlock waits patiently before John nods, and then Sherlock fucks him exactly as John knew he would—long, hard, slow strokes out, and in, and out, and in, while his mouth keeps running.
"Yes," John says and smiles wistfully.
of you busy sha—"
"Oh, you thought
"John," Sherlock murmurs weakly, his teeth clicking together, so that John's name comes out sounding
"Oh, no, we had to get a warlock for that."
," Sherlock hissed. "He wouldn't let me watch TV
“In case you’ve forgotten,” Sherlock says coldly, looking at Bradley and then at Tate. “We are bringing down a human trafficking ring. Women are being turned into prostitutes when their only crime is wanting American citizenship - “
"Oh, you love it," Sherlock says, bending his head to sniff at the nape of John's neck. The scent here never ceases to comfort him. Without realizing it, he nuzzles more, his anxiety about both the meeting tonight and the press conference in general on hold.
curling over his own, larger fingers, knitting them together. Sherlock smiles, does some more nuzzling, and drifts off to a barbiturate (and John) fueled sleep.
"What else?" John murmurs against Sherlock's throat.
kiss, will always flutter in his consciousness with the first breath he takes outside.
When John woke two hours later from his nap, the flat was quiet. Sherlock hadn't come to bother him while he slept. This, John knew, was a disaster.
Sherlock can hear him moving quickly down the narrow back stairs, what was a servants' staircase when the house was built. It was walled off sometime in the 1960s, but he had it opened back up shortly after John moved in with him so that John didn't have to traipse down the main stairs in his robe and slippers every morning. He said he worried Mrs. Hudson would pop out of her flat and get an eyeful of his
John reaches up, grinning with pride, semen sliding down his cheek to meet up with the bit on his chin, and puts his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck. He pulls, guiding Sherlock down into the kiss, but when Sherlock feels the pressure on the back of his head, he stiffens abruptly, every muscle seizing, fear rocketing along his nerves and obliterating the warm pleasure that came before it.
"I know, and it will do. We just have to get through the next hour."
Rebecca looks thoughtful, and says, quite solemnly, meaning it, "Yes, I see your point."
"At your sin palace—"
at two in the morning because he's not eaten for three days is hardly on par with Jasper. He's very—
But that didn't change the fact that dragons
you want me to wear the coat and shoes. I mean—okay, look. Tell me exactly how you see it playing out. I want to hear about the things that turn you on. That kind of thing."
"Oh, eventually. She asked me to come down for mid-term so I did and she sat me down and explained herself. She said she'd always believed she knew her children better than anyone else did, even better than they knew themselves, and it was a shock for her to discover she didn't know me as well as she thought. She said in hindsight, it was obvious. I'd never dated any girls, never asked one out, never talked about girls. I'd never talked about boys, either, to be fair. It was painful for her, I think. She felt like she'd not been a proper mum, like she'd made me feel she would judge me for liking boys."
Sherlock hangs up on him, and ignores the first time Dr. Reed calls, and then the second. Dr. Reed sends a text message, well, obviously it's from Dr. Reed, as it's an unknown number, but who else would say,
"Sad, right?"
you to. That's all you need to know."
Finally, Sherlock pulls back to look at John. "You have no idea how fantastic your legs and arse would look in stilettos."
Sherlock, on the other hand, is six feet of alpha male, and he wears it like he wears his fucking coat—with effortless finesse, with a
"Maybe not, but you were still keen on letting him come into the world feeling all alone."
Gerald looks up at him and John knows – neither one of them is going to last much longer so they might as well just go for it now. There's always time to have a long, slow fuck, but that time is not now. John lifts himself up and slides back down and this time Gerald adds a thrust of his hips as John is on the downslide and it's only a few more minutes before Gerald comes. He asks if John wants to stop and come another way, but John shakes his head and lets Gerald guide him to orgasm with the lift of his hips and his expert hand.
"I don't know about that," Rebecca says defensively, as though he'd questioned her ability instead of his own. "Lifestyles can be adjusted to fit in a child."
, and
—even though I don't enjoy it, I don't like to discourage curiosity."
On a whim, he pulls up an online dictionary and looks up the words
"You infuriating man sticking your nose in...I didn't need rescuing...god, your
"N-n-n-no," Sherlock says. "Kah-kah-can in m-m-moment. Si-si-sit. Puh-please."
"Sherlock, PTSD doesn’t make you
Gerald turns the stopwatch around and the digital readout says 02:21.
Instantly, John's healing instinct kicked in and he began barking questions as his hands pressed and searched, looking for the problem. Not being a dragon doctor, of course he couldn't determine what was wrong so he looked to Chatsworth. "What's wrong? Is this normal?"
Sherlock waits, but nothing else is forthcoming and he feels himself wilting in embarrassment underneath John's stare.
John glared at him. "Should I heat it up?"
boy—the
Mycroft shook his head. "I don't recommend it. Hatching makes them hungry and it's important they eat right away."
"Are you asking if I want to go because, personally, I'll enjoy myself? Or are you asking if I want to go because
"Good morning!" John calls through the bathroom door on the way to his bedroom. He sets the clothes on the settee next to Sherlock's duffel bag and, then, remembering the medical brief, he searches through Sherlock's duffel bag but finds nothing but clothes. Maybe it fell on the kitchen floor under the table and John's just been too deep in thought to notice?
It was the first time, after losing Sherlock, that he'd felt love might be possible again, that he might just be able to share the rest of his life with someone who wasn't Sherlock. Gerald, so deceptively, incredibly sexy in nothing but loose boxers and his shoulder length black hair tied up with an elastic on the top of his head—had created the same reaction in him that Sherlock, in a sleek, dark grey, fine wool suit did—
of you busy sha—"
John's body, taking without asking just as he always has, and he's done it
Sherlock's body was tense with anxiety, nearly shaking in John's arms. "You don't know that! You can't see the future!" There was a pause, a loosening of Sherlock's muscles, then he tilted his head to the side in curiosity. "
Explicit sexual language
comfortable with it, not then, not for a long while. Four months later, though, he can't stop thinking about it, about fucking Sherlock, pushing his way into that beautiful, smooth, delicious arse. It makes him hard just thinking about it.
. I just thought, you didn't want me
Mycroft's voice startled John. "Is one of you in mortal danger?"
Sherlock is uncharacteristically shy, which means every person here comes up to John at some point and says a variation of,
"Fine. Nose, mouth, ears—" John stops abruptly as realization washes over him.
of my—"
"Sod the brief, Sherlock. I'd be a shit doctor if let a piece of paper tell me what's wrong with you. So, were you beaten?"
"What about sex?"
The orgasm wasn't
"How should I know? You're the doctor—as you so vehemently pointed out to me yesterday."
, but she was indirectly responsible for making it possible. She is the sweetest, gentlest person I've ever met, and that's including my children. We email each other almost daily even when all we have to say is, "Nothing much happened today" and sometimes getting an email like that from Tia was the opening to reach out that I didn't even realize I needed until it was offered. I leaned on her a lot when I realized Pippin's heart failure was advanced enough that he would need to be euthanized, and I continue to lean on her for that and many other reasons.
and went straight to the part where John was in his arms, kissing him.
"John, I know you must be in terrible grief. Please believe me when I say there's nothing you could have done to stop him."
Chatsworth grimaced and then nodded. "Sorry, sir, but there's a few more boxes, a portable freezer and a whiteboard with an easel."
not making your case any stronger by threatening me. I want to know who you are and why you—"
Once he’s safely back in his hotel room, he buries his head into the pillow and sobs. He knows he felt nothing for Blaine and now that he’s dead, the world is relieved of one bad guy. The thing is - he knows Blaine really was in love with him. It was the kind of love that can turn a bad guy into a good guy, and Sherlock knows this because that’s the kind of love he has for John Watson.
There's no hiding the tears in John's voice now. (
It all comes back in a roar.
John frowns at the digital words crawling along the small screen of the pager. "It says fire—primary school—"
Both the American and English teams know that this is the plan, which means they all know that Sherlock’s sexuality, while not explicitly acknowledged, is clearly fluid enough to allow him to go undercover as a gay man to seduce another gay man, after which gay sex acts will almost certainly take place. Sherlock isn’t happy about the fact that fifty people know he’s likely to have sex with the target. He’s always been an intensely private man, though not because he cares what people think. So, he’s surprised at how defensive he gets at the homophobic reception he encounters when he’s briefed by the FBI after landing in New Orleans.
John doesn't immediately obey Sherlock's directive to shove his arse into Sherlock's face, so Sherlock gets a good grip around John's thighs and wrenches him down so that Sherlock's entire face is covered by John's arse, his balls bumping against Sherlock's brow. John moans and curses, and Sherlock alternates licking wide strokes over John's hole with thrusts of his tongue against and into John's hole until it's loose enough for him to work a finger into. He licks around his finger, and then lifts his head to watch John gripping the sheets so that he doesn't touch his cock. Satisfied, Sherlock lowers his head again, and keeps licking around his finger, crooking it up in a come hither gesture, and gradually fucks his tongue into John alongside his finger.
"Sorry, love," Greg said, bending to kiss his cheek. "But it's a long drive. We can enjoy each other on the way."
Sherlock peed, providing a running commentary in his fascination. "John, look! Look!" (John didn't look). "
"Why, John!" Mycroft said with exaggeratedly wide-eyed indignation. "I did try to take the egg away from you, if you recall."
anymore. Why can't you respect that?"
"Don't you want to know what the good news is?" Sherlock asks, widening his eyes in petulant expectation.
sleeping with you," John says while cleaning the wound. When Gerald tries to answer, John says, "No talking," very sharply and Gerald's mouth immediately snaps closed.
John looked over to where Chatsworth stood. And then he looked up...and up...and up. Chatsworth was as big as a house! His legs were taller than the ground floor of Mycroft's mansion. John knew he wouldn't be able to put his arms completely around Chatsworth's legs. His hide was a gingery brown, much like his hair. He wasn't built quite like Sherlock, whose tail was twice as long as his body. Where Sherlock was sleek, Chatsworth was built for power.
"You shouldn't have
Sherlock stiffens almost as soon as John lays his hand on the back of his neck. John's mind and body are moving slow and heavy with lust, and it seems like there's a moment when John could have stopped the flashback by removing his hand, but the time between realizing what he needs to do and executing the action might as well be none at all. John yanks his hand back, but he's already lost Sherlock.
"Cheeky," John says, laughing.
John, needlessly as it turned out, since John failed to answer.
With Gerald, he lets his passion flare, doesn't have to constantly examine what he's doing and worry it's too much, too fast, too soon. He trusts Gerald to stop him if he needs to.
"Shut up, just. Stop talking," John says, glaring at him.
"Be still while I inject the Xylocaine, okay? I don't want to accidentally poke you."
The new position gives John the ability to touch himself and almost as soon as he does, his cock fills with blood. His arousal is whipped to an even higher level by the sight of Gerald between his knees, a look of wonder and intense concentration on his face. Gerald is looking down at John's arse and not at John himself. John can't wait anymore.
Sherlock kneels over Blaine on the bed, caresses his cheek, kisses his chin and then his eyes. He moves up his chest, cold fingertips digging against Blaine's skin just enough to be pleasant, but not so light as to tickle. Gentle kisses then tender touches, until Blaine is relaxing under him, the barbiturate taking effect again.
"Do you? What I do is valid. I help people—"
and, like a phantom, slips into bed behind John. Before John can react, Sherlock has wrapped John up, his longer body and limbs moving over and around John and then drawing him back, back against Sherlock's chest.
, as you put it, brought on by your PTSD; or that you've been in love with him all along, but you're terrified he won't love you back, so now you're trying to build a defense against what you perceive as rejection on his part.
"Sherlock, those are my—my
"You can take a shower and shave later, but for now I want you to go back to sleep. You're going to get at least eight hours of sleep a night for the next month, maybe longer."
"How long does hatching usually take?"
"What if you were my sub and I told you not to move
to say no to Sherlock when he's allowing himself to be vulnerable because it's such a rare thing. John reminds himself that this is
Chatsworth lifted a wry eyebrow. "What did you do when you were a youngster and discovered your cock was good for something beyond peeing?" He laughed at John's glare. "He's not going to haul off and fuck everything that stays still long enough, John—not with that mating bond. Give it a few days and I guarantee you'll start to feel it, too."
Here I am, a year after I posted the first missing chapter in this work and almost two years after I posted the very first part of "It's All Fine." IAF is the work I am most proud of. It felt like a collaborative effort with not just Jenn and Katie, but the readers as well. I look back on it with a nostalgic yearning to repeat the experience. Unfortunately, I have no big stories in me. Only little seeds of ideas.
allowed
John waits, but that seems to be the end of the conversation. Of course, now he's curious. He heats the last of Mrs. Hudson's shepherd's pie in the microwave and sits in his chair with his tablet. There's a good book one of his colleagues suggested called
John continued to pet him until Mycroft stepped into his flat without knocking. Then John heard his landlady's voice and started to jump up to hide Sherlock.
"That's—actually, that’ll work. I'll go call now," John says, before heading into his bedroom and shutting the door behind him for privacy. (Or as much privacy as one can have around Sherlock and Mycroft, which is to say none. Still—it at least gives him the
"I only meant—"
"It's in my bag. The file."
"One word, Sherlock,
He clears his throat, pushing down the want that's unfurled inside him so fast that it's like being blindfolded, spun around, and then told to find his way home without being able to see where he's going. Just like it does every time he thinks of Sherlock on his knees, or behind him, above him,
A terrible rage bubbled up inside John. Those people—and he included Chatsworth in this group and he would tell him so, next time he saw him—those people had
are impossible. Jesus Christ, the whole dragon thing alone would've been impossible for me a few months ago, never mind the way you behave!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Here," John says, but his voice breaks. He clears his throat. Picks up Sherlock's dressing gown. Shakes it out. "Here, put this on before I get your bottoms off, too."
Without me...hm-mm…hm-mm-mm
Mycroft makes an appearance at 221B Friday evening to inquire after Sherlock's health and see how he and John are faring, but he's not there just for that. There's the matter of managing Sherlock's return from the dead.
It's not the first time Sherlock has been admonished for John's grief at his death, and Sherlock can't help but glance at John, surprised to find John is already looking at him, although his words are directed at Greg, "None of that matters anymore," and Greg nods his head, makes a noise like
John groaned in exasperation and covered his face with his hands. Having someone else in one's head made it difficult to carry on a conversation.
When my firstborn was teething, none of the advice I was given worked. I'd read in a baby book called, appropriately,
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other, his fingers pressed together just under his lips. He's removed his suit jacket, and John is again reminded how strikingly handsome Sherlock is. He's gained weight and healed quickly, and in less than a month he looks almost like his old self, except his hair is shorter than John's ever seen it although it's finally grown out enough to curl. It feels like he's looking down his nose at John, even though Sherlock is the one sitting down.
"You were thinking it just now," Sherlock said.
me I'd sabotaged your relationship! That's what you said!"
because I
"Anyway, I'm sick of being stuck with Bernie—who, need I remind you, I've known my whole life—and Olivia, especially now they've got bloody Milton to pay attention to."
John rolls his eyes. "If I knew
With that, he gave John the bag. John looked inside and found two teething toys—the kind made of soft rubber with a liquid inside that froze quickly—a tube of oral numbing ointment in strawberry flavor, and a bottle of liquid children's paracetamol.
"I'm not
"When did you start working there?"
Sherlock's tongue slips just inside the heat of John's mouth, sliding along the inside of his teeth, down the smooth, wet skin of his cheek before their tongues catch on each other. John's fists his left hand in Sherlock's white button down, and his other hand plows through Sherlock's still-too-short hair. Sherlock drags his hands down John's sides, and around to the small of his back, and lets the fingers of his right hand flirt with the edge of John's scrub bottoms.
! And the
"Yes, you—of course you have, Gerald. Of course, you have."
. Yes, please!" Sherlock said.
. John is reading him the way Sherlock used to read crime scenes.
"And I take it you were still in love with him when you met Gerald?"
Sherlock wants to stand up and walk off, but his body hurts and now his heart does, too. If John hasn't connected the dots yet, he will eventually and then whatever plans Sherlock had for his relationship with John will go out the window.
"John!" said a deep voice. "Stop wiggling around. I'm trying to sleep."
traditionally
John hears the drawer shut, and he moves his hands off his face to see Sherlock staring at him, mouth slightly open, and says, "What?" not meaning it to sound so challenging. He tries not to look down at the collection of items on the bed, but can't help it, and when he looks back up, Sherlock is glaring at him.
Rebecca looks thoughtful, and says, quite solemnly, meaning it, "Yes, I see your point."
Sherlock looks up in surprise at John's retreating back. He didn't think John would want to help him get dressed (
John hesitated, the words a punch to the gut. Quietly he said, "I did."
he wouldn't be able to stop himself if Sherlock initiated another sexual encounter, and that's the last thing Sherlock needs. What Sherlock
complete disconnect from himself and other human beings that pushed Dr. Reed to become a therapist. He wanted to fill that hole in the veteran support system. If he couldn't find his own therapist, he could at least be there for someone else.
"Gerald," John provides, no longer trying to hide his amusement.
, though, right?"
At fifteen minutes to ten, Sherlock starts pacing around the bedroom. With John at work, he
," Mycroft said as though the reason they were talking on the phone at two in the morning
“I'd rather you have none. Which ones?"
"Uh." John should have foreseen this question. "Hm. Well, you see, I love being a doctor. Remember when we first met and I told you how important doctors were?"
"Why dried peas?" John asks, his forehead furrowed.
died, and Angelo sent food around a couple weeks after the papers reported your
exact words were,
Sherlock says something that might sound like
, which doesn't exactly clarify things.
when he gets in except for the faintest sound of the platform legs scratching momentarily at the hardwood floor.
again.
said no. Why'd you say no?" Sherlock kneels on the bed and looms over John.
me to fuck you," Sherlock says, his voice growly and mean-sounding. His dick is so hard, he might just rub himself off against John's thigh, and then at least he could stop
In the quietest voice he was capable of (which was not at all quiet), Sherlock said, "You know, John, so much of your daily life involves your penis."
feel that way is a bit of a consolation, but that's the thing, isn't it? John shouldn't be treated like
Afterwards, John goes to the staff room and splashes some water on his face in the loo.
"Sherlock," John says some time later, having returned to his chair. "About last night."
He's proud of Gerald the same way he would be proud of a subordinate who showed the same level of obedience. In the military, this obedience is imperative. In recruit training, you're broken down and then built back up as a soldier. Your safety, and that of your fellows, is dependent on your obedience. When someone yells "down" you don't poke your head over the trench to see what they're talking about. You put your head the fuck down, full stop.
Thanks. Don't forget the prescriptions.
John rubs the back of his neck and twists his lips to the side. "No?"
I've done my best to do right by my readers, but I know what it's like to wait months for an update. I hope y'all see something worth the wait in this chapter. I originally meant to end the story here, but. Well. I didn't, mostly because it left a lot of unfinished business.
"My goodness, you bruised it pretty badly. That's quite swollen," John says. "Let's get you home and get some ice on it."
Sherlock opens his eyes to find his cock poking out of the seam of his dressing gown, staring him in the face and John standing off to the side looking slightly embarrassed, but determined to remain professional.
Has he been crying again? Sherlock sits in his chair and looks at John, who fails to look back. Instead, John is staring at his hands, but even with his eyes lowered, Sherlock can see their hollow look, the smudged bruises beneath them.
Sherlock sees the tears that shimmer on the edge of Zivko's lashes. He doesn't want to be here, Sherlock can tell. He always has dark circles under his eyes and his hands tremble slightly.
, he says.
that kind of doctor. Now get out of my flat before I put you out on your arse."
? Him the Egg asked breathlessly. (Well, in that
which—when translated, means,
when I point out that your instructions not to touch the egg amount to
“Sherlock, look at me,” John says.
infant creature, one who can speak telepathically but only after the egg is touched—you took this creature and
bedroom, but John stands up much quicker and moves to block Sherlock.
"I should think so. Maybe now that you've witnessed it once, your brain won't be so scrambled. It's one thing to accept the idea that magic
"So he's right?"
he knew that his reaction to magic was instant, like being slapped in the face. So, something had
people?" Sherlock gasped, eyes wide with horror.
? Seriously?" she asks, lifting up to look at the paper he has spread flat on a photo book of Texas desert animals. Her heavy, freckled breasts catch his eye. His prick twitches in interest.
shag, good or not. So this is exciting.
He wraps his hand around the base of Gerald's erection and takes the head into his mouth. He experiments with his tongue, swirling it around the glans, then pushing it into the slit. Gerald is a writhing mess, his hands fisted in the sheets. John alternates between looking at Gerald's penis and looking at Gerald's face and after a few times, their eyes catch at the same time. Gerald lets out a litany of
found pleasant."
—John lies there in his boring scrubs, looking dazed, and absolutely the most fascinating thing Sherlock has ever encountered.
, Sherlock," John says, putting down his notebook and rubbing his hands over his face. "Why aren't you in hospital?"
by John H. Watson
Avoiding looking at the enormous dragons in front of him was difficult for John. Especially since he was trying to have a conversation with them.
, John thought.
he bellows.
"Gentlemen," Holmes said, casually snapping his fingers over his shoulder. Two thugs in workmen coveralls stepped into the room. "Dr. Watson, if you don't release the egg, my—
"You're killing me, John," Gerald begs – and yes, he's begging. John knows begging when he hears it.
," she says loud enough to draw the attention of the bartender, who raises his eyebrows at them, and John can tell he's about to move over here to ask if they need drinks refills, and John waves him away while ignoring Rebecca who scoffs, "You're not listening to me, are you?"
"Um..." Sherlock says, and lifts one shoulder in an elegant, half-hearted shrug.
" John's voice rises out of him on flames, and his throat burns, and his heart burns, and his eyes burn, and moisture drips onto John's cheeks.
"You're. A giant. Prat."
John begins to list all the things that are wrong with Sherlock, so Sherlock puts up a hand to stop him.
"Well, you know, you're very attractive and before you left I'd had feelings about you, I thought I did, at any rate, but then you died and I—"
"Well...yeah. Look at you! How can I not when you're always walking around in only your boxers and your hair all crazy, looking like you just got tumbled around a bed. Makes me want to tumble you around a bed."
At this Sherlock looks up at John, who's looking back at him with hooded eyes and an unreadable expression.
, as though something was snagged in his mind, like a fish hook. John shuddered, the feeling so
"If you can't decide right away, fine, but you can't sleep with both of us at the same time."
When he calls the hospital, his supervisor is irritated at first
At that, Rebecca's pager goes off as well. "Uh-oh," Rebecca says, grimacing at John, who echoes her dread.
"Fine," John said.
"I was going to offer to buy you a drink, but I'd hate to bring up bad memories."
After nearly two years of having these chapters sitting in my Dropbox unfinished, I'm a little amazed at myself with the ease at which I'm churning them out. But it's like I always say--my Muse is a fickle and unpredictable bitch.
In walked a tall man with auburn hair dressed in a three piece suit and carrying a rolled up umbrella. He tapped it onto the floor as he stopped just inside the door.
—it seems as though Sherlock has thought of nothing else for days, that maybe if he added up all the time over the last three years he looked at or remembered John's thin, quick to grin lips, he would discover that weeks of his life have been devoted to nothing else.
? God, that makes it sound like something cats go in. But John's game so he goes to the box, steps over the edge and sees that it's filled with dried green lentils. He gets down on his knees and immediately mumbles at the discomfort. He looks up at Gerald, who's looking down at him with undisguised lust and is also holding a stopwatch.
John shakes his head; the last thing he wants to do while lying naked in the bed of a sexy stranger is talk about Sherlock. So he's shocked as hell when he starts talking about it anyway. He's never told anyone about his feelings for Sherlock and it's like opening a floodgate. He spills it all out, sometimes sobbing, sometimes laughing, the story far from chronologically cohesive. The whole time, Gerald never looks at him with impatience or pity.
“Don’t do it!” someone shouts through cupped hands.
“’No change since yesterday,’ he says, and then he says, ‘why?’”
And he
. Time is of the essence, but do not cut corners. You may begin now.”
“Well, yeah, obviously,” John smiled, looking wicked. “But I mean, I know my heats usually make you more possessive. I was surprised you wanted to go there, with all that—sharing stuff.” He voice was steady, but his cheeks were red. He was, Sherlock sensed, invested in Sherlock’s response.
“I just don’t ever want to lie to you again.”
“He just didn’t know what was going on,” I argue, my face getting hot—both because I’m getting angry and because I know everyone is thinking about what else happened in Grimpen. “He hates that more than anything. If he could—if you’d just tell him, he’d adjust. He’s not
“Hello?” he says. Then, “Erm. A painting, you say?” As the voice on the line gabbles, he sighs deeply and passes his hand over his eyes. “Yeah. Yeah we’ll…that should be enough to go on. I’ve got some leads. I’ll be in touch.”
The fact Sherlock makes
which includes three hearty slaps on each other's back and then stepping a good distance apart.
“If I wanted a drink, I would have stayed at the bar,” Sherlock says, making his voice low and seductive.
“But there was no, um—”
for you? If you must know the details, here they are—" Sherlock says, pacing up and down the kitchen floor. "Their potential killers were found and dispatched that same day, and Mycroft's agents didn't find anyone who'd been tasked with taking their place.
," Sherlock groans into John's throat. "It never should've been him."
"You need a shower," he says, but doesn't immediately move. His eyes stay closed. "Let's get those stitches out and then get you into the shower. I'll shave you and by the time Gerald gets here—" at this he groans, dropping his hands from the back of Sherlock's thighs and sits back on his heels "—you'll be ready for a smoothie and anything else I can get you to eat and then I'm gonna drug you and put you to bed."
"I—I didn't—I
to be gentle.
is John, unattached. John can just imagine what was going through Sherlock's head.
He does know this—Gerald wasn't just a boyfriend. John
The shower goes on and on, as does John's tears. Sherlock is panting with the effort of keeping himself in his chair. Ten minutes, then twenty. After thirty, the water tank will run out of heated water and John will have to get out, but he doesn't, not until almost forty minutes have gone by. Sherlock has to take another clonazepam halfway through because his anxiety is so high, he's so tightly wound, he
Chatsworth's eyebrows rose in confusion. "Mr. Holmes sent me," Chatsworth said, gesturing at the shiny grey van idling at the curb behind him. "I've got supplies for the dragonet. I'm also to help you in any way you need for the next few weeks, until the dragonet can change into his human form."
, John said. Sherlock knows John told him that specifically to ease any worries Sherlock had about where he stood in John's heart in relation to Gerald.
"Because if you're kind to me, they'll treat us both worse."
bit impatient with the glacial progression of time during that part of the flashback recovery process.
Sherlock begins to have a flashback at the end off the chapter
Stricken, John feels in his bones the truth of what Gerald is saying. He feels like folding in half, it hurts so bad to be reminded that while John has this wonderful group of friends, Sherlock has nobody but John.
Sherlock's eyes fly open and he lifts his head. He's lying on his side, his hands balled into a fist. He lets out a tremulous sigh that turns into a sob when he sees that he really
John laughed, his nervousness dissipating in light of Sherlock's naïve curiosity. John found himself giving a lesson on human reproduction to a salaciously fascinated Sherlock. He'd just gotten to the birthing process when the door to the flat sprang open.
His brain immediately puts up stop signs and barriers
An emotion John can't name swells inside him watching Gerald practically vibrating with the effort to stay still. Actually, it's not just one emotion. He feels proud, accountable, hesitant, aroused, excited. It's something he wants to both barrel into and hide from.
Abruptly, he kneels in front of Sherlock who gasps in surprise. John presses his face against Sherlock's abdomen, gripping his thighs tightly. He inhales deeply, eyes closed.
"Oh, you're just being diplomatic," Rebecca says, even though they both know he's not.
"Where's Gerald?" John asks Cyril after they exchange what Cyril calls a
"I didn't do it for comfort, John," Sherlock says and the smile on John's face fades. "I did it because I've wanted to do that for so long—wanted to kiss you and touch you for
Sherlock preened and John, feeling an unwelcome stab of jealousy, was tempted to dump him out onto the floor. "What happened to all the accoutrements for dragon rearing that you promised me, Mycroft?" John asked instead.
"Okay, sixty-three stitches. I'll look at them when I do my physical exam. Internal injuries?"
Sherlock's real hope is that he doesn't lose his usefulness as an informant because then they'll have no excuse to keep him alive so he doles out information as sparingly as he can. Then they bring in a guard named Danilo, a sadistic bastard, the kind always found in facilities like this. He's the kind of man who doesn't care about getting information out of Sherlock; he's only there to make Sherlock's life as horrific as possible. The other two – whose names Sherlock doesn't bother learning – will interrogate him occasionally, but their brutality is limited to a punch to the face here and there or locking him in the box. Danilo, though, likes to be able to
"Oh," Sherlock says, sitting up straighter, pleased with himself, though there isn't a logical reason to be.
"Okay, but what's the big secret? Why won't you and Gerald say anything? I mean, who is this bloke, that you would break up with Gerald the minute he comes back to London?"
He retched. He found himself off kilter, a blank space where his memory of how he'd gotten here should be. Why was there luggage at his feet? Why was he so sick?
, for fuck's sake!
“Come to bed,” Sherlock says, drawing him back towards the bedroom. “Let’s forget all that for just one more moment.”
In fact, John loves Sherlock with a passion so fierce, it frightens him. Even though his heart is still tender in the wake of his breakup, John
pink!” Cyril protests, trying to punch Sherlock's shoulder while Sherlock laughs and tries to evade the punch.
An opalescent sheen graced the egg and John found himself tilting his head from side to side to watch the fiery colors slide and shift. There were handsome dark purple splotches gathered in an arc over the side, disappearing into the depths of the crate.
if you don't sit still, I'm going to take you to the A&E!"
"Hello, John," he says when John answers the phone.
. It was all he knew.
"No, he's still sleeping."
"Give me ten minutes in the therapy room and let's see if I can't change your mind."
He looks her over and his nausea is temporarily eased by the information flowing off of Elspeth and into Sherlock's brain where it's sorted and categorized. First the basics: she's about five feet eight inches, ginger hair, plump but muscled (she'd
"What do you want me to do?" Sherlock cries, throwing his arms wide. "How many ways can I say I'm sorry to have kept you in the dark? Everything I did was to protect
Now John knows what it's like to be laid open and vulnerable to someone else and wonders if this is how all the women he's slept with felt. If so, he's glad he never let himself lose control, but it clarifies John's certainty that he's tired of being gentle. More to the point, he's tired of
"It wasn't
Rebecca answers the door. "Hey!" She looks around him and her face falls. "Ah. I guess he's not coming then?"
"It's not too late," Sherlock murmurs against John's temple.
With a deep sigh, John poured some milk from the carafe into the cup. He took a sip to test the heat level then handed it back to Sherlock. Sherlock took a cautious sip and then smiled serenely. "That's quite good."
, he thinks. But it's fun, too, so he keeps going.
John nods.
But anyone looking at John and Sherlock would assume Sherlock held the power in the relationship. John imagines that people look at the two of them and wonder why a man like Sherlock—brilliant, gorgeous, sharply dressed—would be with a man like John. Sometimes, when he's particularly afraid, John wonders the same thing. Because Sherlock does hold a little more power in their relationship. Here's a truth John's mind shies away from—when Sherlock confessed his kink, the look John's rejection put on Sherlock's face made him feel—however momentarily—illicitly powerful.
. Just meant, I'm ready to unwind."
. He's perpetually dehydrated by the amount of tears he sheds.
, Sherlock said sullenly.
The other two guards stationed in Sherlock's block of cells laugh and jeer. Sherlock can see the horror in Zivko's eyes but Sherlock's position doesn’t allow him to help anyone, including himself. At least they're giving him a bath, Sherlock thinks.
Sherlock's vibrating with a combination of rage and shame. He'd almost gotten away with it. Of course, hiding the brief was very childish, but he was desperate.
at the top of the paper. John began reading:
today, we would appreciate getting this out of the way so that we might. Go. Home."
"It's not my place to tell you anything except what you need to know to be responsible for his physical health. However, as I said this morning, his emotional recovery needs to be put in the hands of a professional, specifically a counselor or therapist."
"Look, just fucking tell me what he's hiding! At this point, you're only one step away from telling me anyway."
, John—
"Yes, the shadowy, government agent brother."
, Sherlock said and then grilled John on a new topic—the necessity of social interaction among humans and whether or not lizards behaved in the same way in the wild, which then led to an explanation of
I never knew I wanted. John Watson carries the embodiment of courage and loyalty in every single one of the one hundred and sixty-nine centimeters that make up his deceptively ordinary person.
Sherlock's face registers shock, and he opens his mouth, wanting to say something, but unsure as to what that something might be. "How long did he know?" Sherlock asks finally.
Sherlock had said when the question came up,
Also, to Katie, a most wonderful beta, who three years ago asked if I might write her some Mystrade. Well, Katie...here's a few lines for you. Don't say I never gave you anything. ;)
"I didn't want to do it over the phone," John says, gathering his integrity around him like a shield. "I'm not a coward and I wanted to face you like a man."
"Be right back," he says and goes through to the kitchen again. After about five minutes, he comes back with a bottle of Riesling.
"Yes, well, so were you," Sherlock says with a raised, ironic eyebrow. Before John can open his mouth, Sherlock adds, "Besides, Greg is actually bisexual."
bodily fluids that pose a problem).
"No?" If anyone knows kink, it's Gerald.
"Why not?" Sherlock asks, genuinely confused. Then he realizes what John's talking about, and scrubs his face with his hands. "Right."
Sherlock whines unattractively, indignant about the loss of John's hardness rubbing inside his crack, but John says in his sleep rough voice, "Sorry," and Sherlock growls in frustration. He rolls over, too, and then mounts John's body, settling his arse right over John's cock. John groans, squeezes his eyes shut, and his hands slide up Sherlock's thighs.
, I thought you'd be—"
"The second time I was raped was by a young guard. He didn't want to do it, but the other guards had locked us in a room and said we couldn't leave until he fucked me. He was a virgin and he wasn't gay—he wasn't even—" Sherlock stops before he starts crying.
“Like kill you?”
Sherlock growled at him, then trotted towards John's chair, curling up on the seat with his teething toy. The smacking, satisfied groans coming from him were distracting. And slightly disgusting, too. John grimaced as slimy dragon hatchling drool slid down Sherlock's chin and dripped onto John's chair.
"Thath wha' you thay about evwything!" Sherlock said with a belligerent pout at Mrs. Hudson.
"You see now why I didn't want to share all that with you?" Sherlock takes a deep breath and then leans forward slightly towards John. "You're right, John. I
"No, I don't think I am."
"How can he be your brother, then?" John asked slowly. "You're
"Once you're ready, you would don the coat and shoes, and then you would meet me at—I have a—a place."
The comparison with Moriarty doesn't stand up on closer inspection. Gerald has shoulder length black hair and his eyes are more hazel than brown when the sunlight catches them at a certain angle. His hair is tucked behind his ears. He’s open, friendly and relaxed. His body is turned mostly towards John, giving him his full attention. He's wearing cargo trousers that hang a little loose on his hips and a short sleeve black shirt. The top two buttons are undone.
"You saucy tart," he huffs, nuzzling into her neck.
Sherlock slips his arms in and John belts it loosely. He steps back a bit and bends at the waist, pushes Sherlock's dressing gown aside, hooks his fingers inside Sherlock's fleece bottoms and pants both, and gently slides them down. He keeps his eyes focused on the clothes and not Sherlock's body, which is good, because Sherlock's dick has decided to show its love and appreciation for the one hundred and sixty-nine centimeters of former army doctor currently crouched at Sherlock's feet.
did you kiss me that first night? And the rest of it—the hand job, the—you
"That's the point, John. Behav—"
Rebecca answers the door. "Hey!" She looks around him and her face falls. "Ah. I guess he's not coming then?"
, we're each taking a shower and then you are buggering me senseless," Sherlock says, pushing down his trousers and pants. When John fails to move, he asks impatiently, "Did you miss the part where I said senseless. No? Good," before closing the bathroom door.
John tries for a smile, and when that fails, rubs his hand along the back of his head.
"But you know," John asks with a frown. "I mean, you know what he's hiding."
There's a picture of John sitting with six other people, sitting around a table outside of a pub. Five of them are laughing. The two that aren’t laughing are John and another man. Instead of laughing, they’re looking at each other, heads bent close together.
"Oi! Get your fucking hands off him!"
. Pluth, I'd rather you be home more often."
John wakes up, his body frozen, covered in a slick sheen of sweat, his chest heaving, and lungs trying to suck in more air. He reaches for his phone to silence the alarm, and sits up, feeling sluggish. That's when he realizes he's alone, and the flat is ominously silent. He's naked, and last night comes rushing back—a flash of terror flooding his body with a burst of adrenaline, and he finally understands the source of his nightmare.
John's breath is sour and Sherlock thinks
. I suppose he needs to satisfy his need for—"
"What about your dad?"
"Do you have the list? And the prescriptions?" Gerald asks.
John jumps to answer before Sherlock can form his reply. "I think we should wait until tomorrow. Let Sherlock get settled in."
, but what comes out is a confession. He tells John everything—about the abuse, the deprivation, the box, the rapes—all of it except Zivko.
Chatsworth looked offended. "Of course not."
voice.
John had been wishing he could spend more time at home with Sherlock and if Mrs. Hudson was right about John being due a paycheck and pension from Mycroft, then he could cut back on his hours at work. He'd still have a couple of days a week in the A&E to keep himself in practice without worrying about money. (Or what trouble Sherlock was getting to while he wasn't home.)
"Problem, sir?" Chatsworth asked.
” Sherlock repeats coolly. “If being my doctor is so disagreeable to you, then perhaps you should find somewhere else to live for the foreseeable future. I'm sure your
come back to you. You're his north star, his home—wherever you go, he'll follow."
Watching Sherlock eat pureed chicken livers was a gruesome experience. He shoved his whole snout inside the bowl and began slurping up the mush. When the plastic bowl slid away from him, he wrapped both front feet around it, holding it in place. It was only a minute or two before he'd licked up every bit.
"Give me fifteen minutes, Sherlock, please," John says, wiggling his way out of Sherlock's grip. "I'll be able to focus better if you let me take a shower first. I've had a shit day."
"It still hurts a little," Gerald says, and John sucks in a heavy breath and admits, "I expected to feel awkward. I didn't expect to—" but Gerald just says, "Yeah," and that's where they leave it.
John has moved beyond alarmed and into a sort of horrified arousal. Sherlock suffered sexual assault, and John doesn't want to give Sherlock the impression that he himself feels assaulted, but it's beginning to feel
He feels John stiffen in his arms, but he holds him tight, so tight, and says, "You misunderstand, John. I'm not throwing it in your face. I'm trying to tell you that I feel the same. I know you think I'm too far above mortals to love as deeply, and messily, and complicatedly as they do. But I would argue that, for a man who valued logic and facts more than anything else, who was perfectly happy to spend the rest of his life in casual sexual relationships, who despised sentiment because it made one weak, foolish, I would say that my love for you is all the more frightening in being something I never wanted, and now something I can't live without. I'm stumbling forward the best I can in the dark. Stop throwing things for me to trip over, and just hold my hand. Or better yet, to take the metaphor a bit further out, help me find a goddamn torch."
"That's what people say when there's something important to discuss, usually something the other person isn't aware of. It's an announcement of sorts, so that the other person knows they need to be serious and listen."
"I love you," John says.
"I've got to leave for a few minutes so I can buy your food," John said, locating his wallet and keys. "Try not to hatch while I'm gone."
"No! No, that's not—it's just a coincidence. His brother had a case for him."
Sherlock realizes he's chanting a combination of
The black dragon was the key. Obviously, it was what the magic was trying to make him forget. He only had to keep ahold of the knowledge that the dragon was real, ergo the man was real. He might not be able to report a missing dragon, but he could certainly report a missing
to understand John's point of view, but he doesn't, and can't help but turn back, and say, "If we both want it—and I know you want it, John—then I don't understand why we can't at least
"I'm ready for you to, to take me." He fumbles the words, not knowing how to ask for what he wants without using words like "anal" and "penetrate."
voice, and Sherlock moans, "I just want this to be over with."
"Yeah, but he doesn't know you, does he? So, he's just going to be miserable, or worse—be an arse, and
"I think the bigger question," Sherlock says. "Is why did
"I know you think I have magical powers to connect clues to form a picture, but I must admit I'm stumped on this one."
By the time the words were out of his mouth, Sherlock was already atop the counter peering around curiously. He lifted his tail up, coiling it in a corkscrew fashion. John noticed Sherlock's tail was never still.
Sherlock pets John's hair and murmurs, "What will you tell him?"
"Please don't say that," John says, a hitch in his breath.
, as in today, because obviously you want me
"So - can I buy you a drink?" Gerald asks.
"Really?" Mycroft asks, the word full of surprise. "All of it? Including what happened with the young guard?"
"The second time I was raped was by a young guard. He didn't want to do it, but the other guards had locked us in a room and said we couldn't leave until he fucked me. He was a virgin and he wasn't gay—he wasn't even—" Sherlock stops before he starts crying.
When the phone rings three minutes before ten, he snatches it up and stares at the unknown number flashing on the screen, takes a deep breath, and answers the phone.
He clapped a large hand onto John's shoulder. "The bond, John. Remember the bond. He will
"Uh," John said. "Okay?"
had a flashback has really tapped out his body. John knows he'll call into work the next morning to stay home with Sherlock and keep an eye on him.
Apparently done admiring his handiwork at Sherlock's groin, John reaches behind him and snags the box of condoms. He opens the box, and pulls out a strip, rips one off, and peels it open. Then, to Sherlock's confusion, pops it into his mouth, where it disappears. He leans forward, and pulls back the waistband of Sherlock's pants, takes the head of Sherlock's penis between thumb and forefinger, and his mouth takes Sherlock down all the way to his balls in one tight, smooth motion. Sherlock yelps and his hips thrust up slightly before John holds them down. It's only when John bobs back up does Sherlock realize what happened to the condom.
"Okay," Sherlock says because what he wants to say is,
, and
The advice is three years too late.
, but didn't mean it.
that something was. A spell of some kind, obviously. Triggered by—
Later, as they're dozing off and on in post-orgasmic lassitude Gerald says, apropos of nothing, "Will you meet my friends?"
"Oh, not you, mate. My dragon's trying to carry on a conversation with me from inside the building."
"What do you mean by
Sherlock lets out a grunt of sexual arousal at the sight of John on his knees looking up at him, even though John is frowning.
"You can't stop me," Rebecca says, crossing her arms.
Afterwards, he descends to the ground floor to break the news of Sherlock's resurrection to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock can hear her wail of joy all the way upstairs and then the
"You were looking at me like you recognized me. Did I remind you of someone?"
"So you thought you'd be arrogant and thoughtless back?"
"Well, no. Not purposefully, at any rate."
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I was so overwhelmed. You'd been dead for eighteen months and then there you were, needing to be patched up, needing
"Really?" John asks, his voice hoarse.
On one wall, there's a waist-high padded bench. There are metal rings bolted into the floor in front of it. It looks like the parallel bars gymnasts use, but there's two rings on the top instead of one. On one wall is a black metal wheel; it looks kind of like a poorly made mandala. There are metal rings bolted all over that one at different heights and different widths. It's clear it's used to restrain someone while whipping (caning, paddling, flogging) them.
"Which is far too old to start having children—"
There’s an illicit thrill and a brutal pleasure in fucking Blaine. He looks at Sherlock like Sherlock has opened a secret door into a pleasure heretofore unknown. In fact, he looks at Sherlock like he’s opened a door to an entire new way of living. The fact that Sherlock hasn’t even undressed, the disdain he shows towards Blaine (which he doesn’t have to fake) makes Blaine want him even more. It will become a push and pull between them for the next five weeks. The more he wants Sherlock and the less Sherlock gives, the harder Blaine falls.
to fix it right now. John is willing to take a cock up his arse, but his masculinity cannot handle wearing women's shoes. It just cannot.
"But if the world wasn't full of stubborn arseholes, you wouldn't have a job," John points out.
That draws Sherlock up short, and for a moment his face echoes his hesitance, but then he takes three long steps, wraps his fingers around John's precious head, and captures John's bottom lip between his own.
"He's in Denmark," John says. He shrugs his shoulders.
John provide for Sherlock?
"I'm perfectly well except for—" Sherlock says, and then pauses. John's a powder keg, clearly grieving, furious with Sherlock in addition to himself, and waiting for just one spark to go off.
"What do I do?" he asked and collapsed into a chair.
"Theth thomthing wong with my mouth." Sherlock rubbed his face against his paw as though trying to wipe something off. "It huth and I keep dwoling."
"Good morning," Sherlock says, shuffling into the kitchen.
"How the fuck is this
He slides Gerald's shirt off his shoulders and drops it behind him. Then he turns to Gerald and gives the exposed skin his full attention. Gerald has thick, black chest hair spread over his pectorals. His upper abdomen is smooth but the dark hair resumes underneath his belly button, trailing down, down, down and disappearing into his trousers. John trails his fingers through it and then lowers his head and drags his nose from the bare skin of Gerald's sternum, through his chest hair, inhaling deeply as he goes. It's intriguing the way Gerald's scent is concentrated in that dark tangle of chest hair. John continues his journey over Gerald's torso, up, up, up to Gerald's neck and then his ear.
"How long have I been doing it?"
Sherlock and Chatsworth were sitting next to each other on the couch while Chatsworth read out loud from
"Oh, is that all?" Gerald asks conversationally.
Mycroft held up his hand. "Once he's taken his human form, his body will naturally produce what he needs to maintain his health. Dragons are made differently than humans, obviously. Proportionate to their size, dragons have far more muscle mass than humans. Their hearts needs to function at top performance to pump oxygen to those muscles, which means—"
to tell Sherlock he's sorry. He doesn't think he can bear another day like yesterday, choking on his clumsy attempts to analyze his reactions to Sherlock's kink.
For good measure, he added an exclamation point. In a minute, he would get up and tape this to the fridge. Absently, he began doodling on the paper. He sketched a little dragon, keeping his mind blank as he debated whether he should try to keep going or go to bed. He was so tired and wanted to sleep, but he needed to remember more, as much as he could, because he couldn't know how sleep would affect his memories. What if everything was erased for good as he slept? What if he woke up and all he had left were these eight measly lines to go on? He couldn't exactly report a missing dragon to the police.
John thinks
"Any broken bones?"
His brain suddenly came back online, no longer eager to exit his body. His hearing sharpened and his vision cleared. He had the strange feeling that he'd just been put through a hard reset, like someone had unplugged him, waited five seconds and then plugged him back in. He found himself wanting to apologise to his computer.
Sherlock throws himself out of the bed, and grabs his tartan dressing gown (rescued from the boxes upstairs), and pulls it around himself, before saying, his voice deep and dangerous, every word bitten off, "I know what you said. But I also know that even if we had the time, you'd still say no. You seem to forget that I can read you—hell,
A growl works its way out of Sherlock's throat. He's nervous enough without having to sit in the taxi, imagining all the ways this could go wrong.
"Away
hesitated for ninety fucking seconds. For all intents and purposes, this man is his responsibility, and he has just left him open and vulnerable on the battlefield for
"Yes, that was the information I withheld. The crate was intended for Mrs. Hudson. She has been in service to my family for decades and was, until today, the only person I trusted to care for a newly hatched dragon. She will be a great help to you until Sherlock is functioning independently as a human."
Sherlock laughs weakly. There's a moment of silence and then Sherlock asks about John. Mycroft hesitates before picking up a brown folder on the table next to him and passing it over.
"He fell," John says.
Sherlock does as he's told, and he actually dozes off while waiting for John. John has drenched the oats in butter and plenty of sugar. It tastes like heaven to Sherlock. John sits with him while he eats and then forces him to drink a large glass of milk. Sherlock is drowsy enough to fall asleep on the couch but John helps him to the bedroom.
That was when John began to officially worry. He put on clean pajamas and raced up the stairs to the second floor to fetch Chatsworth. Despite having been asleep, Chatsworth came down looking unfairly fresh and energetic.
you why! I'm
—" The word is spit out of his mouth, a bad taste he can never really rinse away. "Having my psyche picked apart. I assure you, Dr. Reed is not that same gentle breed of therapist as yours. He's ruthless. I've been splayed open. I'm
Mycroft's eyes drop to his lap, and he takes a moment to brush imaginary lint off his trousers. When he finally speaks, his voice is too low for John to hear. "What happened last night?"
wants
John lets out a deep sigh. "It's been a bit, you know, difficult. Sherlock can't go out until his name is cleared. Mycroft is working on it, but, it takes—it takes time, you know? Sherlock's getting better quickly, though, and it won't be long before he's bored and then it'll be a close race to see if Mycroft gets things worked out before Sherlock reaches his breaking point. He's good at disguises, but if even one person finds out he's alive, it gets—it'll be even harder for him to come back without having himself ripped to shreds in the papers."
sign.
"Mycroft," Sherlock said in an authoritative voice, "Perhaps you've never worn clothing such as this, but this hole is here for a reason. I certainly can't fit my legs through it so it must be for me to fit my penis through."
Without warning, Sherlock pushed himself up and out of the egg, clawing over the crate and landing with an ungraceful thud on his back. His belly and the underside of his ridiculously long tail were bone white with that same nacreous sheen as his eggshell and facial markings. His legs were long, his rear haunches thick with muscle.
Like his wings it was jointed, but without the cruel claw at the end of each joint. It was almost purely white so that when it was down, he looked like he was wearing a pearl necklace or collar. When he snapped it taut, it flashed with the same opalescent sheen as the other white markings on Sherlock's body. It felt dry and papery to the touch and it took John several days to get used to the feel of it on Sherlock's throat.
"That's how I know your happiness was genuine. I really
"No, he named himself."
," Rebecca says with a roll of her eyes. "Bribing Sherlock with oral sex to eat a piece of toast and an
John's gonna take these words that he clings to out of dread and break them down to their literal parts. He's gonna examine each one, throw out any emotional attachment. He's gonna go at these like Sherlock.
, John," Chatsworth said.
"But I'm grateful he killed himself, John," Sherlock says, gritting his teeth against the tears piling up in his throat. "I don't want to be glad, but I am. I would've died there. I'm so relieved to be out of there, but a boy
"Say it," Sherlock whispers, his lips against the nape of John's neck.
laugh again, trying not to move his mouth. John has to leave the bathroom for a minute, trying to get himself under control because the more he laughs, the more Gerald laughs. When John walks back into the bathroom Gerald is still sitting on the toilet. His hands are flat on his thighs, his shoulders are back, but his posture is relaxed. It's roughly the equivalent of parade rest, if one was sitting.
Sherlock considers sending Gerald a bouquet of flowers, because no matter how jealous of the man he's been (and he has been
"Does John have to get his kit off, too?" Sherlock asked.
would release a child into the hands of someone who abused that child? And what kind of doctor would accept a
"I'm sorry," John says again, but Gerald never looks up, never even acknowledges John spoke. He finds himself out on the pavement, watching Gerald's front door close quietly in his face.
?" he asked the egg. Then, "Oh, you must be a
boyfriend.
He has to bite back a grin, his shoulders shivering with silent laughter.
"Please."
are—you gave me my life back, Sherlock. I was broken until you found me. But I can't—I can't make decisions that will affect three people so much, when you've been home less than twenty-four hours, you know? I need time."
Sherlock makes his way to the
"Alright," Rebecca says carefully, turning to face the same direction as John, her fizzing, bubbling personality capped for now. She takes a deep breath, and says, "Please come on Saturday, John. Sherlock is invited, too."
blood and lust sliding into John's mouth. It feels like barking an order at Sherlock to bring him back to the Sherlock shaped space in John's bones where he
"—it's
, he thought, but it wasn't in that internal voice he recognized as his own. That pulled him out of his daze and he smoothed the note crushed in his right hand out on the edge of the crate, his left hand drifting back to the egg.
and definitely
"Gimme a sec; I'm just going to put these in my office," Gerald says and smiles at John, that heart arresting grin that John has become victim to sometime in the past three or four hours.
, Sherlock said, sounding deeply offended.
Sherlock knows John got off his shift at six and will only have enough time to run home, shower, and change before he has to be at the party. So Sherlock times his arrival home so that he just misses John. That gives him several hours to get settled back home and find something
"Perhaps you should take Sherlock upstairs and find some clothes that fit him," Mycroft said pointedly.
Sherlock tries to pull his legs up into the chair in anticipation of a sulk, but he's in too much pain, and just ends up hunched over. John's face falls into concerned indecision—Sherlock can see him warring with himself
The truth was, he didn't know what he'd expected as far as their living arrangements went. He hadn't really thought about it. The last few weeks had been a trial of gradually eroding patience. Planning for the future hadn't extended beyond
. Sherlock says nothing. He keeps his fingertip lightly pressed on Blaine’s lip, not pushing in but not pulling away, and waits. He doesn’t have to wait long. After eleven seconds, Blaine closes his mouth over Sherlock’s fingertip and sucks the semen off it. Sherlock pulls back his hand and Blaine lets go of his finger with a pop.
Gerald presses his body against John's, but other than that, he's done nothing at all arousing—they're not kissing, he's not grinding his pelvis into John's backside, he's not whispering filthy things in John's ear. Yet, John is aroused.
"It depends on where they want to be hit. I don't hit genitals or breasts. Everything I do makes it clear to the client that this isn't a sexual act between them and myself. So that's just a hard limit for me. But, yeah, I have to be able to see their skin."
"—well, you're failing—"
"Showed you what?" Gerald murmurs, his fingertips sneaking towards John's fly.
John rolls his eyes and jerks his head towards the bedside drawers. "Everyone keeps lube and condoms in the drawer closest to the bed, Sherlock," and Sherlock grimaces and says, "True dat."
"Rebecca suggested I bribe you to go by offering to fulfill your sexual kink. If you had one, that is."
hesitated when you've had a flashback, but I did this time because I was distracted by my bloody erection, and the fact that you'd just—"
) considering what happened last night. Was it even last night? Sherlock looks around the room and sees an alarm clock on the bedside table. It's 5:34 a.m.
Out loud John said, "The dragon—" remembering the man who became a dragon. In the memory, John had had to turn away, couldn't watch the man change—
"I promise I will hurry."
"Sh," John says, rubbing Sherlock's arms up and down. "You're home."
John isn't as stout as he seems under all those layers of clothes, but he
"John," Gerald says kindly. "It doesn't matter where we go. You're in love with him – "
"No, no, you're fine. I was only sixteen and I didn't—I wasn't a very good mother. She was taken away."
after being rescued from torture and you made a promise on my behalf to be responsible for your treatment?"
"What
Finally, Sherlock looks up at him, his eyes burning like coals in his face, and even though John isn't sure what they're talking about anymore, he's sure that Sherlock's fever-bright eyes and cheeks make him want to do all kinds of kinky things with Sherlock, anything he wants as a matter of fact because he would do
*giggles madly*
sent him to a therapist.
"Hey, I didn't agree to be your sub," John points out. "And this is really uncomfortable."
Sherlock swallows, and opens his mouth to say it, but John cuts him off.
"Of course, I bloody think it's a kink! It
John was no longer laughing. He jogged to catch up with Sherlock. "Who do you think you'll be having all this sex with?"
"A pity fuck, then?" Sherlock sneers.
John wants to apologize, though for what he's not sure, especially since he and Gerald have ended up with the men they'd longed for before they met each other. Before he can open his mouth, Gerald asks, "Can I hug you?" tentatively, and John hesitates only a couple of seconds before whispering, "Yeah."
Sherlock winces at his fumbling delivery.
: Hey, sorry I've been out of touch. Just getting some things sorted. Don't worry, I'm fine. I promise I'll call you later this week and give you the whole story before anyone else.
"Except for—?" John prompts, turning his finger over a few times to encourage Sherlock to speak. (Even though he really doesn't want him to speak—that's perfectly clear to Sherlock.)
"Not ashamed, no," Gerald says. "I just wondered if this was more about getting that whole
Sherlock has a nightmare that night, and John wakes to Sherlock screaming his name. John hears a clatter and a thump, followed by stomping that sounds like Sherlock running for the stairs. John beats him there, clonazepam in hand. When John asks what happened, Sherlock shakes his head, but he looks haunted, and keeps a painful grip on John's arms. After the barbiturate does its job, John moves to go back downstairs. Sherlock’s eyes widen in fear, and John stays. He falls asleep with Sherlock's hand gripping his bicep and a foot hooked over his legs.
Sherlock makes his way to the
"Well, darling, what do you
fire," Chatsworth said, "and it's not nearly as helpful as it sounds. I can only do it once before I run out of energy and have to shift back. It's basically an antiquated last-stand defense mechanism."
"You've always just taken what you wanted. Why am I any different?" John says with a pained, disbelieving laugh. He throws his arms wide in challenge, and then brings his hands in to tap roughly at his chest. "You want me? Well, here I am! Take me!"
, Sherlock tries to say, but it's lost in a groan as John pulls the waistband of his pants under his balls, and then sucks each testicle into his mouth, poking his tongue at them, a vulgar bulge in his cheek.
His kitchen looked like a murder scene. He picked up a rag and spray cleaner to decontaminate his kitchen table and floor. Turning around, his eyes caught on Sherlock. The very tip of his tail was twitching back and forth like he was dreaming.
"Is Sherlock with you?" Gerald asks after a moment.
And now, John's crotch is at Gerald's eye level, but Gerald isn't looking at John's crotch. He's looking up at John's face, his own expectant and calm. Disparate bits of information suddenly come together in John's head forming a coherent picture. This must be how Sherlock does it (did it), although John's pace at putting things together is glacial compared to Sherlock's.
On the other side of the skip, a man (the suspect?) has Sherlock's back against the soot stained limestone wall, both palms flat on either side of Sherlock's head, caging him in. Sherlock looks scared, and while the thinking part of John's brain knows this is just an act, his heart is pumping adrenaline through his body and he isn't thinking right now, he's just
When his heart and his respiration rate have returned to normal, he calls for cleanup. He gives Tate the phone loaded with all the information he’s gathered. Mutely, he follows Tate out to the car.
Although he's madly in love with Sherlock, their move from friends to lovers has been abrupt, and he hesitates before continuing, face heating, "Clean. Myself. Out." The words are pointed but quietly spoken.
"Oh, I don't know about that," Gerald says, his eyes flashing with anger. "Maybe you just need to have your
"Apparently, seduction transfers easily between genders," Gerald inhales sharply on the last word and it disappears into his lungs.
John walks into the flat, drops his bag, toes off his shoes, pulls off his jacket and hangs it up. He doesn't look at Sherlock.
"She told my dad after she talked to me that mid-term of my first year but I'd already gone back. My dad was uncomfortable around me for a while when I came home for summer holiday, but that's just because he's British. Talking about sex just isn't on," Gerald says and laughs.
John holds his gaze, his nostrils flaring. Then he blinks a few times and looks down at his hands. John's hands, Sherlock notes, are steady.
"I'm tempted to take a snap with my phone," John says, absently running the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip.
sound you make, but keep your hand off your cock, because when I'm done here, I'm going to work two fingers inside of you, and swallow you down and then watch you come all over yourself, like the vulgar little doxie you are," and John's drawn-out groan and the way he bangs his head back against the pillow leaves Sherlock humping the bed trying to get friction on his own cock, which desperately wants to plunge itself into John's arse.
, Sherlock thinks and tries not to laugh hysterically.
John turns and looks at him like a disapproving mother, and says, "Well, see, that's why you should've answered his goddamn phone calls."
"Greg informed me last year that he trained under Deputy Assistant Commissioner Ofelia Robbins twenty years ago, when she was a Chief Inspector and he a lowly Constable. Robbins is well liked and sympathetic to our cause, and with her help, we may be able to convince the majority of the upper echelon of New Scotland Yard that you are not a fraud, since they seem determined to believe it, even though the only mistakes found during the audit of your cases were
Sherlock nods, and John sets the Transition Time countdown to twenty minus zero minutes and counting.
Chatsworth cocked his eyebrow. "I was ordered to report back to him, but I can assure you my reports will be nothing but glowing, Dr. Watson. I think the way Holmes hatchlings are treated is a bit, hm—unhealthy. Their emotional growth is ignored in favor of intellectual growth and the emphasis on dry academics really isn't necessary. Yes, you should teach him to read and do sums and what not, but dragons are clever and pick things up very quickly. You and Sherlock just keep doing what you're doing and he'll be fine."
blame on PTSD, is feeling unworthy, and unlovable. Of feeling like you're
Gerald shakes his head.
"Hm," Gerald says, managing to convey empathy and disapproval in one small sound.
"Oh, my sweet boy, you look absolutely
"Specific memories cause pain," he muttered out loud, writing that down on his paper and then was struck with an awful thought. What if he lost the paper? What if someone stole it? What if he woke up tomorrow and dismissed his crazy notes as a symptom of the sickness rather than the cause? He should scan it into the computer and make a dozen copies and hide them where nobody could find them because
"Sherlock doesn't want kids."
John uncorks the bottle and pulls two wine glasses off of the shelf above the wine rack. He pours the wine and. Gerald is just coming into the dining room when John picks up the glasses. He hands one to Gerald.
"Chatsworth, I'm not sure you realize how very much
The next day, John goes over Sherlock's injuries with clinical professionalism. John is still angry and Sherlock, though regretful, reverts to his usual way of handling negative emotions—pretending he doesn't care and acting like a Posh Public School Arsehole, as John called it (rather cleverly, in Sherlock's opinion).
"Still want to come in?" Gerald asks.
He's about to put his gun into the hidden holster under his jacket, when John finds himself shoved up against the limestone wall and, for a split second, thinks the suspect has recovered from his pistol-whipping, and brings his hands up, but it's only Sherlock. Sherlock is muttering a combination of curse words while attempting to get John's hands out of the way as well as stuff John's gun into his trousers except – wait, no, that's Sherlock's
Biting back a laugh, John said, "That sounds fair."
"I know, I know. Just—forget I said anything. I know you love me."
"He doesn't have to, Rebecca," John says firmly, trying to end this line of questioning. "He hates children. Drop it."
Olivia gives her the look of long-suffering spouses everywhere. Half irritation, half amusement. Sherlock’s face turns red, and John hides his grin behind his glass of champagne.
"There will
The shower goes on and on, as does John's tears. Sherlock is panting with the effort of keeping himself in his chair. Ten minutes, then twenty. After thirty, the water tank will run out of heated water and John will have to get out, but he doesn't, not until almost forty minutes have gone by. Sherlock has to take another clonazepam halfway through because his anxiety is so high, he's so tightly wound, he
Gerald walks towards John, and then begins to make a circuit around him, Gerald's eyes moving up and down, occasionally pausing to look closer. He uncannily mirrors Sherlock in this moment, and it occurs to John that this ability to read a person with just a glance is part of what attracted him to Gerald in the first place—it just wasn't as obvious to John then.
"Only for you, sweetheart," John says with a wink. Sherlock can hear him whistling all the way down the stairs.
"He's
When he first met Sherlock and people assumed they were together, John had fiercely protected his sexuality. Later, after Sherlock faked his suicide, John realized it hadn't been his sexuality he'd been protecting, but his
The whole time, Sherlock watches him closely, like he's looking for something in John's face he can't find or maybe he sees something he doesn't understand. When Sherlock's arms are through, he doesn't tug the hem down the rest of the way, so John bends and does it for him.
, less than a minute ago, and John still as an
“If you don’t want me here, Bradley, why isn’t one of your agents in my place? Oh, wait, let me guess - taking down a
Holmes said, "Gah," and rolled his eyes. "Can't you come up with a less battered and used quote?"
John impatiently cuts her off. "What about the stomach pain? Did that start at the same time?"
In fact, he was a big, fat fucking liar, liar pants on fire.
One of Sherlock's hands travels lower and splays against John's back, right above the curve of his backside. The other hand ends up behind John's neck. Sherlock scoots forward on the bed, and John stiffens in his arms.
Four hours later he lands in London.
"So, tell me, Sherlock—what are you
There's a sideboard inside the front door and John sees half a dozen photographs of Gerald with his parents (obviously), his siblings (probably), friends (obviously). Sherlock would be proud, John thinks, for John to have deduced these things. (Although they would be obvious to anyone, Sherlock-inside-John's-head says.) Gerald puts his keys in a glass bowl on the sideboard. There's a stack of mail that he picks up.
"Sherlock is alive," John says, the words coming out breathlessly. They feel so good to say, too.
I started licking your nipples or nipping at the insides of your thighs?"
Being short he's been underestimated his whole life. There's nothing especially manly about John, but after he met Gerald it became a moot point because, quite frankly, compared to Cyril and Gerald, John is practically
Tonight is just for their friends, before the larger house party comes down for the weekend. Six friends who thought they had all the people they needed added two who never thought they would fit with anyone but each other. And now, here they are, sated from a delicious supper, passing glasses of champagne around while Cyril stands to give a toast.
That's not true, he knows it's not, and he needs to find a way to stop this train wreck. He wrenches his mouth away from Sherlock's.
"Also, once I put these stitches in, you're going to spend the next five to seven days having to talk without moving your mouth very much. Will that affect your work?"
He lays everything out on the table, and grabs two clean dish towels, which he lays underneath Sherlock's hand. He pulls on his headlamp, then scrubs his hands at the sink with dish soap, cleaning under his fingernails, and dries them on paper towels. He pulls out the other chair and sets it in front of Sherlock's, pulls on the nitrile gloves, and switches on the headlamp, lowering the magnifying glass to peer at Sherlock's thumb.
he bellows.
with the kind of insecurity that pulled at John's heart.
"Sherlock, do you want to—I mean, it's clearly determined to, um—it might help you relax if you want to go take care of that and then come back," John asks, his face flushing so beautifully pink.
"Does it matter?" he asks, shrugging in defeat.
"We already do
John's head shot up and he found Sherlock staring at him, head cocked. He was spread out on the sitting room floor. All the furniture had been pushed back to the walls to make room for him. He was supposed to be listening to John read from one of the books on Mycroft's "approved" list but was instead watching TV.
John walks to his bedroom and shuts the door. The water starts up immediately (John's letting it warm up before getting in), then the opening and (slamming) shut of various drawers as he pulls out night clothes, the
Sherlock was trying to tell him that whatever Gerald gives John, Sherlock can give it, too, because he was counting on having John's full attention when he came back. He was counting on the security and comfort that John has always given him.
go downstairs, but he's afraid he'll go to John's room, fall into his bed, and weep, so he stays upstairs.
, if not for himself then for John. John has believed in him since the night he met him at 221B, and he believed in him all through Moriarty's smear campaign, and he believed in him when Sherlock stood on the roof of St. Bart's and told him he was a fraud.
"But, just so you know, John. If you say
"Oh, thank god you told her something because she keeps asking and I was beginning to worry I'd break under the pressure."
"Yeah," Gerald says, also grinning. "It is, isn't it?"
about the turn things have taken. He doesn't regret it, not even as he has to pinch himself through the light cotton of his pajama bottoms to keep himself from running to John to comfort him.
“I suppose you think you’re still in a story,” he drawls, not looking the least big frightened.
“Hey, what’s going on?” John asked. He took the headphones off his ears.
At home they fell into bed promptly. John rolled Sherlock onto his back and fingered and sucked him to a trembling, gushing climax. Then Sherlock used John’s favorite plug on him, slowly stroking John’s back and murmuring endearments in his ear all the while as John writhed and gasped his way through it. Afterward, John cuddled bonelessly against him, and they slept in a sideways tangle on the bare sheet until some time in the wee hours, when they got up and used the toilet and showered and straightened out the bedclothes. In this pre-dawn waking, John was Alpha, and when they got back into bed Sherlock spooned up hard against his back so that he could squeeze and stroke him to sleepy half-hardness before they both drifted off again.
,” John cried, and then he moaned hard, and his muscles clamped around Sherlock’s cock as he started to come. The urge to thrust hard into him was so strong that Sherlock had to physically stop himself by gripping up around the neck of his cock, and so he felt against his fingers the way that John’s stretched entrance hardened and strained around his shaft, and it was that, more than anything, that took him over the edge, a sudden lightning building in his knot until he spilled over, throbbing richly, his seed pumping out into John’s tight, sterile orifice. And he’d been right: it did dribble out, very messily.
Like a certain other student John knew.
I doubt very much he’ll want to keep it. He hasn’t told me much about how the Bond Air case ended—only that he saved the day by guessing Irene’s password after all. He seems just as glad to have the whole thing finished. He’ll be fine with it, I think—not seeing her again. I’d be fine with it, too, if I didn’t know the truth.
, which I’ve no reason to believe he has been since the scene with the semtex-loaded vest. Lestrade gave us a report of break-ins at the Bank of England, Pentonville Prison, and the Tower of London (which we do have, for some reason—ravens, beefeaters, and all). But apart from the CCTV footage of Brook scratching “Get Sherlock” onto a display case and then smashing it up, I’ve no reason to believe those break-ins actually, physically occurred at all. They’re just stories, which someone—Brook, I suppose, as it seems Mycroft’s star is no longer ascendant—has fed to Lestrade to feed, in turn, to Sherlock.
he implying?”
“Come on then.” He follows me up the stairs, outwardly calm, but practically radiating nervous energy. Or maybe that’s me projecting again. Oh, God, we are
Except that isn’t what he gets at all, this time.
“I was afraid you’d react this way,” Sherlock said, without moving.
“That isn’t true.”
views, including a VRS wall. There are also views of the stairs, entryway, front hall…
“Oh, was there a remote?” John asks. “Don’t think I saw anything like that in there.”
He makes an affirmative sound. We lie still for some time. I’m on the edge of dozing when he speaks again.
With a paralyzed Sherlock in tow, they apparated back to headquarters. They wrestled Sherlock into a holding cell, and John laid him carefully down on the cot so that he wouldn’t hurt himself when the charm wore off. He turned to leave him there, hoping his show of excess tenderness hadn’t been observed, and nearly jumped out of his skin when he ran into his commanding officer, Auror Captain James Sholto.
, despite (or perhaps because of) their ornate ugliness. A stack of paintings is leaned up against one wall, and Lady Stoner begins tipping them toward her one by one, revealing a parade of dismal landscapes and forbidding forbears by the light of a single bare bulb.
He nods, just barely, lips set in a grim line.
Singing bird pistols are
I’m sorry about this. I’ll write if I can.
I step up to snatch it away.
“Mm. Thanks for taking me out.”
I close my eyes.  Mycroft hits a key on his remote, and the video stops at last.
The noise of the crowd becomes a meaningless roar. My legs give out and I sit down hard on the pavement. Sherlock has gotten out. It’s over.
“Do you play it well, or badly?”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock moaned.
“Childish,” Sherlock said, but the thunder had gone out of him.  He stalked back into the sitting room, running his hand through his hair in a nervous motion.  John followed him.
Henry departs to make arrangements, and I sit nearby while Sherlock sends a text.
This was neither the time nor the place to pursue answers to such questions. I shifted a bit in search of a more comfortable position, and eventually ended up on my other side, with Holmes pressed up against my back. Being more than a little exhausted myself, I soon dozed off as well.
My suspicions are confirmed when we get a moment alone outside of the pub.
He leans forward. “Yesterday, you admitted at that you hadn’t had sexual relations with a man before.”
“Quickly, John!”
natch. the real thing!!
John thought, but now he was thinking about it. Sherlock sensed something, of course.
“Kitty Riley, Specialist,” I read. There’s an address under the name—this address. “Specialist? Specialist in what?”
“John,” he murmurs. “Please.”
“Sherlock, hey,” said John.
“When you say he vanished,” John asks, “you mean he got away somehow?”
on heat, which I’m not.”
will do. can’t wait!
“We must get you home and warm,” I said. “But I doubt whether a cab would take us, with you in that state.”
If you've just discovered this fic and read up to this point in a single fevered binge, you can skip the rest of this note.
“Up to you.”
This is not funny
Anthea drives me back to Baker Street. As I’m steeling myself for another round with Sherlock, I find a yellow envelope lying on the front steps. Breaking the elaborate red wax seal releases a cascade of powdery crumbs, like bread crumbs. Strange.
Mycroft, John, do keep up. He
“No,” John said, and sniffed. “It’s so strange, though. I don’t know why it—Jesus.” He sat up, rubbed his nose and eyes, trying to pull himself together. “It was so…beautiful, actually.”
He has to get up eventually, though. There’s no hope of sleeping through the night, and wakeful inactivity with nothing to occupy his mind is intolerable. He’ll play his violin if John is up—even if he isn’t up, in fact. Perhaps, if he plays, John will hear and come downstairs. Yes.
Moriarty answers. “No charge.” Sherlock can only gape as the cab speeds away.
“I’m sorry. It’s just that I can’t help feeling I can be more useful elsewhere.”
“Here, this, try this.” He disentangles himself from me and lies down quickly on his front, then, a second later, snatches one of the pillows and arranges it under his hips.
“Sedatives,” Sherlock replies. “I hate flying.”
“Huh,” said John. It was a laugh, but he had tensed a little. Sherlock stilled his hand, squeezing gently, so John could talk. “I. Can’t say I’ve never thought about it, but I.” He licked his lips. “Try a finger, maybe? And see?”
“Is this all right?” My voice sounds husky in my ears.
“It’ll just fill you up inside and overflow. And dribble out.”
“Well, maybe you should apply. You’d get free lodging out of it, if nothing else.”
.”  John let some of his frustration show, which caused Sherlock to cease his pacing and really look at John.
“No, stay,” John said. “God. Just. Hngh.” And he stroked himself with the toy, thrusting into it, which put just enough friction on the head of Sherlock’s cock that he no longer felt the urge to move. He let go of himself to grip John’s hipbone so that he could brace against the short, sharp movements of John’ hips. John, who was so stretched full of Sherlock that he couldn’t take any more,
“Yes,” Sherlock said, as though it were the least interesting topic imaginable. “Being in this class is the only way I can have access to supplies, apparently. Anyway, Snape’s assured me he’ll cover new material this term.”
I find him in the pub, brooding. At first I expect we’ll get on with talking through the case. I’m still pretty keyed up with fresh and air and excitement, so it takes a few moments for me to realize that Sherlock is out of sorts. “I saw the hound,” he says, and yeah, of course he bloody saw it, because of course he’s being constantly fucked to the hilt. Mycroft can’t just send Sherlock out for a fun case in the country, he’s got to fuck with his sense of reality as well. Fantastic.
“Really?” John said. “No I—I had no idea.”
“I’m all right,” John said. “Kiss me.”
“I tried to make you think so,” he said. “But the truth is, I am a desperately physical creature. Will you kiss me again?”
Then she prowls up to him and plucks the Roman collar out of his shirt.  This brings her very close to him; he can smell her hair products, and the deeper notes of her perfume that are being volatilized by the warmth of her skin.  He doesn’t recognize the fragrance—it’s something floral yet musky, like a poisonous orchid.  Custom, most likely.  It’s…interesting.
“Want to try four?” John asks.
“Hello, John, are you with us?” Dominic teased. It was the third time John had lost the thread of the conversation.
“You’ve been smoking,” he mumbles, shifting in his seat and closing his eyes again.
“Romania? Why?”
in response to the threat implicit in the painting. The only problem is, I’m not sure what the right move is, or even whose side I’m on.
I have people on the inside, but I also have people on the outside. My connections, invisibly joined, so that one little tug shivers the whole web.
I slip my hand inside his jacket, and he lets me pull him down for a kiss, our first since the night we fought. Just a soft touch of lips, at first. I expect I’ll just keep things light, give him space. But then his tongue brushes against my lips, and my mouth opens, somehow, and he exhales with a soft grunt or moan of…of surprise, maybe, or pleasure, and everything comes rushing up inside me. Without thinking about it, I slide my fingers up into his hair to get him just
I look back to check.
Time stops.  I am acutely aware of Sherlock’s fingers tangled in my hair, the breath coming hard and fast through his nose, the firm press of his lips against my own.  His eyes are closed.  After a brief, heart-pounding eternity, I close mine, too, and allow my lips to open under his.  He makes a small, passionate sound and lets his body sag against mine, and I respond without thinking, sliding my hands up to clasp that impossibly slender waist.  His lips are soft, just slightly chapped, and his tongue slides against mine almost tentatively, which makes a beautiful contrast to the smell of sweat and fear and gun solvent that clings to his skin.  I wonder if he’s always like this, this gentle—
It was possible, John learned, to function with a broken heart. He kept going to his classes. He kept up with the demands of the Panacea Potion—his, and Sherlock’s batch as well. (Thankfully, after the Blessing, there were no other steps in the preparation that required working with other wizards). He got letters from Madam Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall, and after working up his courage, he approached Professor Snape after Potions.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, not thinking. But then…
He clicks. He scrolls. He reads.
I don’t know what I expected, but not this: the flat is empty. Unfinished, in fact: the walls showing bare wooden framing, no fixtures in the kitchen, nothing covering the rough lumber of the floor.
“Oh,” said John. Not what he expected at all. He knew Sherlock, of course—or knew of him. He had famously mouthed off to Professor Trelawney in his first year, delivering a scathing barrage of observations about her history and character that had the rest of the class positively agog. Flustered, she had pronounced him “truly gifted in the art of divination” and declared that he no longer needed to be in her class. Sherlock had left the tower and never returned. It was rumored, with much snickering, that he spent the free hour in special tutoring with Professor Snape. John didn’t know if this was true or not, but it wouldn’t have surprised him. Sherlock had a prickly personality, and was well known for sucking up to most teachers and showing off in Potions, particularly. He was in his second year now, a year beneath John.
Huge hugs and thanks to the denizens of
Inside, there was nothing to contradict this impression.  John and Sherlock were seated by a furtive young woman who soon disappeared, to be replaced by a slender, grey-haired man who greeted Sherlock by name.
“It’s just, this wizard, sir. Sherlock Holmes.”
“How did you find this place?” I ask, trying to keep the skepticism out of my voice.
I wish I could close my eyes, hide my head, not see what happens next, but I’m as transfixed as everyone else. Moving as though in a dream, Sherlock tosses his phone aside. Then he steps up to stand on the ledge of the roof. The helicopter sways near again, the rope ladder dangling above the street. Sherlock crouches down, steadies himself. And then he
should tell them.”
“I’ve frightened you,” Sherlock said. “And you hate being frightened, so in a moment, you’re going to be angry.”
“We’ll talk about it later,” I said. “Excessive excitement would be quite dangerous to your heart just now.”
Function: Correction
He’s used that phrase several times now, but I haven’t yet asked. “Sherlock, when you say
And who?
“None of that.” Our fingers overlap for a moment on the neck of the bottle. “The hippocratic oath is no joke, you know. I’m not having your drug interactions on my conscience.”
“Sorry about that. We miscalculated,” said John.
me. We’ve hardly spoken.”
“And on that note,” Irene goes on, “do you remember what I told you? About the extras?”
“Am I authorized, then?”
“I’m afraid it’s not that simple,” he says. “I know my brother very well, Jack.”
“Hey,” I say. “You all right?”
“Ah,” I say. “Erm, so, you think the show’s going downhill?”
. John knew it, and he couldn’t let it go. He had thought, when it seemed that he was looking into Sherlock’s soul, that Sherlock felt the same. But now his behavior said something very different, and the contradiction tore at John’s heart.
Sherlock waves his hand. “A figment of your imagination, most likely. You’d already been primed to see ghosts, and your mind supplied a familiar figure.”
“That’s true,” John said.  “Go on.”
“You are a doctor, are you not?  You can patch me up afterward if you care to.”
So John told Headmistress McGonagall that he would take the job in the infirmary. She smiled and shook his hand and asked him to call her Minerva, which was somehow the most unnerving part of the whole thing. She didn’t bring up the question of lodging, so he didn’t say anything about Sherlock’s offer, but when Sherlock caught up with him at the Three Broomsticks later that morning, he had made up his mind.
Dear Dr. Mortimer: sorry about this.
John laughed. “Sherlock, it’s half past seven. I probably have five hours until bedtime.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “I sent you that last note from a safehouse on the way. It was actually quite risky. I had to tell Archimedes not to come back to me, and Mycroft gave me hell for it anyway, when he figured out I’d done it.”
Sherlock
“Not bad,” he says. “I thought I’d mind being looked at, but it’s…tolerable.”
Which is why Healer Sarah Sawyer, the director, was so surprised when John handed in his resignation mid-way through his third year of apprenticeship.
“I just don’t think—. I don’t think it’s a good idea for the two of us to get mixed up in power issues.”
“John?” he said,
Sherlock levers himself up off the floor, then gives John a hand up. Sherlock follows him into their shared room, kicking off his pajama bottoms and shrugging out of the rest of his clothes on the way.
of the painting, the ever-increasing identification of the real Sherlock with his namesake. They must suspect that something big is coming. I suspect so as well, though my idea of it is a bit different.
Sherlock is taking bloody forever. I’m just thinking I should go in after him when a young woman comes out — out of the men’s toilet. She has curly gingerish hair, a blazer and a wool skirt and a deerstalker hat on her head.
Phone chimes again. Text, Mycroft.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows.  “What about him?”
I make my strokes more purposeful, now, though I still keep them gentle. He gasps and shudders back against me, hips jerking minutely into the motions of my hand. My body responds to him; I hadn’t meant to lose myself, but the mechanics are undeniable. Nestled in the shallow cleft of his clothed buttocks, my cock is too hungry for friction, and so I move, taking oblivious physical pleasure from that warm divot with its suggestion of snug penetrability. Somewhere, he can be opened. Would he let me do that? God, maybe. Yes.
“Now wait just a minute.  You are not ever collecting anything off of me without my express permission.”
“You seem to find your present work fairly gratifying.”
Sherlock grimaces and picks at his meal, quite unlike his usual post-case appetite. He’s been especially quiet since the showdown at the Hollow. Now that I’ve encountered the gas myself, I have a better idea of how he must have felt when we argued last night, how distressing it must have been for him not to be able to trust his senses—not to know what was real and what wasn’t. I touch his leg under the table, and he looks at me, but there’s a hollowness about his eyes.
neither am I dear ;-)
“Ngk,” said John. He was still gripping his cock, and Sherlock could tell by the way his arm moved that he was trying to shore up his flagging erection.
Just wanted to say THANK YOU to those who have been commenting! I don't always know how to respond to short comments, but please know that I love getting them. I'm beyond delighted to know that you're there and having feelings about this fic. <3
