As expected, her shift in tone as well as demeanour changed from nervously annoyed to stunned and unsure.
The voice that came floating towards him from the other end of the line was one he immediately recognized, the distinct Scandinavian accent ingrained in his memory, as well as the exceptionally smooth way in which the other man spoke, as if everything he said was an afterthought.
Even if there was a risk that things had been taken too far with Magnussen already, Sherlock in retaliation mode meant that there was always a next level for him to bring the situation to and inwardly John cursed his own incapability of controlling the other man. It had always been the biggest flaw in their relationship, John’s knowledge that Sherlock was as fickle as mercury and that he was unable to do anything about it.
As he was sufficiently sure none of Magnussen’s men would be able to follow his tracks if ordered to do so, he went down the tube and disappeared among the other commuters and tourists that were cluttering up the trains and platforms, now slowing down enough to arrange his clothing more accurately.
Losing his balance a little bit by accidentally stepping on Sherlock’s dressing gown, they both fell down on the thick carpet, Sherlock beneath him with his back against the floor, John on top, quickly taking advantage of the upper hand by straddling those slender hips with his thighs, locking the writhing body under his weight.
John wasn’t willing to participate in whatever the other man was trying to pull  and the only way to discourage him from continuing to drag this out was to pretend that he was ready to leave, no agreement being made between them. He wasn’t going to allow Magnussen to intimidate him.
As soon as they were face to face again, he was going to give Sherlock a piece of his mind, really tear into him for once, see how he liked it.
“He was given Sherlock’s medical records, I believe it should suffice.”
Mycroft gave him a cold stare, the firm hold of the Malacca handle of his umbrella a sure sign of his annoyance.
“Oh, you have no idea how much I’ve invested for this wedding to happen and Sherlock is certainly the biggest part of it. As my fiancé, he is mine to look after and when I see a situation that I think appears suspicious I would do anything in my power to get to the bottom of it. Which brings me back to the reason why we are standing out here in the middle of the night.”
“That’s all anyone can wish for, Dr Watson,” Mycroft concluded. “Hopefully, you will be a good influence on him. Lord knows he needs it.”
He wished that he had taken that notion a little more seriously when it had been addressed by Sherlock earlier, but the suggestion that Mycroft had somehow omitted to take such an important factor into consideration hadn’t seemed plausible at the time and now it was too late do anything about it.
Like all the other times when Sherlock has seemingly been in trouble and yet been back home by teatime the following day at the latest.
The remaining two and half hours before Victor impatiently left the house, were ghastly in Mycroft’s opinion and probably also in Victor’s.
It was a small sting but said without any true malice, more teasing than intended to actually insult, and Mycroft had to concede that no one at his age should sound like he was about to have a heart attack after running 15 minutes on a treadmill. He should really do something about this depressive fact. Eventually.
“You don’t have to do that, Inspector.”
“I don’t live by quite the same code of rules that you do, Mr Lachey. And really, it’s in your best interest to not detain me against my will or threaten my life further.” Sherlock hadn’t looked away from the man in front of him once, but John raised an eyebrow. He hadn’t made himself known to them, he’d been pretty subtle about following Sherlock from Leicester Square to this garage, but that didn’t mean Sherlock hadn’t noticed him.
Sherlock obediently came and the minute he was close enough, John grabbed him by the hand and pulled him into a hug. He didn’t want to ask any questions, he just wanted to...savour. Sherlock was alive, he was warm, and he was absolutely okay with John hugging him like this.
know James Bond? Or Alec Trevelyan, for that matter.”
“Stop twitching. You’re nervous.”
“Nope. I made sure of that, too. About three weeks after the hospital, I caught the slimy fucker sneaking around.”
““No, thank you”?” John looked over his shoulder at him.
“Thanks, Molly.” Lestrade took it from Hooper and looked at John as he added the information on the newest victim he’d brought to the morgue. “You look familiar, do I know you from somewhere?”
“Oh please.”
“That wasn’t my question.”
“I will talk to you wherever I must.”
“I want to watch Rosie grow up and go her own way,” Sherlock spoke softly, but firmly. “I want to grow old with you, John. I want to retire with you, go somewhere quiet and live out the rest of our useful days together.”
“Do you always have to do things the hard way?”
“Hello, Lucifer.” Sebastian Moran grinned at Judith, “Still busy making trouble for the baddies, are we?”
“He’s
“Judith?”
answer the door for anyone you don’t know!”
“Thanks. Sorry I sort of volunteered you for work.”
“Yikes.” She made a face, “Suicide?”
he was going to stage an escape and they were helping him. Their jobs, already at risk, were now in serious jeopardy because of his next actions. John gasped in surprise at the rapid turn of events as Sherlock took careful aim at the nearest few officers.
So it was with an uneasy conscience that Mycroft informed his freshly-returned and very much alive brother of things in late October of 2014.
“Not if you don’t. I usually run alone, but I never mind having a partner.” She smiled and held the door for him, holding her hand out once he’d locked the door. His keys went into her belt, along with his wallet. It was brisk and a bit foggy, but not an altogether terrible morning. They walked from the house to Earls Court Road, at which point Judith picked a direction and took the lead. It was early enough they didn’t have to jockey with traffic much, and when they reached the A315, she took off due north once they entered the park.
“Oh, and just in case you’ve missed Sergeant Donovan’s very clear “not interested” signals, this should serve as fair warning to leave her be.” Sherlock grinned at Anderson with a smile that usually meant trouble before he turned to Sally, who stood by watching with barely-concealed glee, and grabbed her by the front of her jacket before doing something that, if they hadn’t been friends, would have gotten him laid out. But Sally had asked for help, and he was providing assistance to a friend in need. He didn’t do it often, and
“Oh, look at that. Guess Mycroft was right.” He made a noise in his throat as he sipped at his tea, “Saw
“Even if it puts your life ultimately at risk, you’ll tell me everything?”
“Yeah, well, bollocks to the both of ‘em.” John huffed, folding his arms across his chest, “Feel like giving The Yard a bit of a shock, then?”
“Sure enough to hack the area CCTV cameras.” She looked over her shoulder, “Hey, Sherlock?”
“Yeah, I know. What’s on your mind, Holmes?”
“I can only imagine.” He shuddered, remembering his transition back into civilian-life, not made any easier by his wife. Judith and John exchanged a look and an entire conversation took place without a word being said. He was used to it from the Holmes brothers, and had the feeling this was something to take care with.
“Pity, it’s a lovely name.” She smiled, “Imagine going through life with the name Judith.”
“Philip Anderson is no moron, and you
about that?” John folded his arms across his chest and leaned against the back wall of the lift. “You said that Holmes would be in the chem labs and you were wrong about that.”
“Maybe you’ll see for yourself. Stay out of trouble while I’m gone, will you?”
Studying about that good old way
“That’s…scary.” She sighed, “Some anonymous psycho hovering just under our radar. Fantastic.”
John and Sherlock wrap up their night at the club and head home.
Thirty minutes later, the pilot announced their final approach and she looked out as they flew low over a gorgeous island. She recognized it, but from a memory of many,
to Baker Street, could he? There was nothing there for him to go back to. Not this time, not anymore.
come from?” She looked over at him, “I’d put you somewhere on the American East Coast going by your accent.”
“I think I can manage. You’re charming company, my dear constable, perhaps we can be friends of a sort?”
It took her fifteen minutes to get up to Marylebone, and she had lights and sirens going by the time she reached Baker Street. She saw another car ahead of her and knew Greg had beaten her. Thank god it was his team tonight, she hadn’t even put in a request for it. They just needed Homicide and their consulting duo. Badly. She was in such a hurry she almost forgot to close her doors. Judith didn’t bother to lock the car as she slammed through the front door and ran up the stairs to 221B, completely ignoring Mrs. Hudson, who stood at the bottom with a startled expression on her face. Halfway up, she stopped and look over the railing.
“Maybe? Who was involved?”
“Stay upright, son, I’ll be right back.” She patted the queasy constable on the shoulder and darted under the line when Donovan was distracted, snagging a bucket, a towel, three flannels, and two bottles of water from the cart. From experience, she knew the bottles cost about a quid each, and made a note to leave equivalent pay on the cart. She wouldn’t be accused of stealing from a hotel like that.
“You’re a doctor. In fact, you’re an Army doctor.”
“Don’t worry about it. He knew the minute he saw it what it was. Wouldn’t tell
“No thank you, Lestrade. Where are we?”
“I rescued his coat,” John admitted quietly. “His brother rescued his pelt.”
“Why should I care about some no-name who probably didn’t deserve being rescued in the first place? One less idiot to worry about.”
“How do you know that?”
“I am
“Hmm?”
“I have a white-list, there is one name on it right now. I will put your names there and you will all be safe. And if something goes wrong and you get hurt in some way, the responsible parties will be punished for their mistake.”
“Good night, H.” He watched Mycroft get into the car and waited until the car was out of sight before going back inside and back upstairs to his. That had probably been the strangest way someone had ever wished him a happy birthday. But at least Mycroft had thought to
As soon as that lot was safely on their way with bashful muttered thanks, Judith went back to what she’d been doing before being side-tracked. As she pulled a box, a coverall, and a couple of shock-blankets from the boot of her car, registered to Kensington Police Station, she noticed a vacant taxi parked behind her. There was no one in the taxi, all the lights were off. Odd. Well, no business of hers.  Returning to the build-site, she pulled the coverall on over her uniform and crawled under the trailer housing the family of cats. She suspected they were partly tame, certain domesticated, the mother didn’t hiss at her again as she pushed the blanket-lined box ahead of her. As she carefully lifted twelve tiny kittens, eyes still closed, into the box, she was startled by a lightweight pressure on her shoulders, a prickle of claws. The mother cat had climbed to perch on her back and shoulders, and was nuzzling her cheek, purring. She smiled and shifted a bit to rub the soft fur made grimy by living on the streets.
mark on it.” Judith set the picture on the table. “Do you really want to go out of this world having five deaths on your conscience?”
“I know.” He folded his arms, studying the lazy young man in the bathtub. “Are you just going to stay in there until you turn all wrinkly and the water’s gone completely cold?”
“Oh, wait a minute!” Sherlock snickered, “Hold it! I remember you! You’re Mike Stamford’s little friend, aren’t you? Not much to look at, are you?”
“Mum’s the word, Mrs Hudson,” Lestrade said as he climbed behind them. When they got into 221B, Sherlock took John’s coat, hung it alongside his own, and went into the kitchen while Lestrade went to Mycroft’s side, greeting his partner.
He heard a sinister tone in Mycroft’s voice,
. I’d rather they get somethin’ more than nothin’, which is what they would get otherwise.”
than a man?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “An organisation? What?”
“Not as bad as he used to be, he kind of grew up a little bit after the whole mess with Moriarty.”
“Sorry.” John rolled and got up on his knees, “Oh, my knee didn’t like that.”
“My pleasure.” Sherlock smiled, “And yours.”
“If you can
“And try to remember, she is
“Just part of the job.” He folded his arms across his chest, “Feels good, doesn’t it?”
“Christ, Sherlock!” John looked frantic, but Sherlock could see that he still trusted him, never mind the madness of their situation. He nodded. John took a deep breath.
“What were you planning to do with them?”
“In fairness, you did sit on her.”
they hadn’t spoken in four years.
is your family?”
“Wonder what the rest of it is. That family, if it’s the one I know, has the most bizarre habits for naming their children. Sherlock was always so bloody defensive about his name.” He shook his head, “Took me ages to learn his full name. Told me his name was William Sherlock Scott Holmes, that was the whole of it. Just in case we ended up having a son.”
“You’ve been here before?”
By the time they arrived, they had a good half the Yard in tow behind them. It didn’t take long to shut down Baker Street and less time to get inside. With Sally and Greg at her back, she knocked on the door of 221 Baker Street with the handle of her torch.
“Well, there’s an added bit of security to this girl.” Q was eager to show off the upgrades and John was eager to
“Who said I was worried?”
“A few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida.” Sherlock retrieved keys from a pocket and got the door open, “I was able to help out.”
“Quite a girl you’ve got there, Inspector.” The cheerful businessman sharing their table and half the bill said in an admiring tone.
“No buts, Mr Holmes. Yes I know your name, I recognised you the minute I saw you, I just didn’t know why.” She looked down the line of jeeps, “I’ve got a job to do, and as much as I like you, I’m not going to not do my job just because you don’t think I should be driving the lead-jeep.”
you are. Chief’s looking for you.”
“Let’s get you home, sweetheart.” Sherlock set her down, “Go get your things.”
“Mmm-hmm?” Sally wore a quiet, deadly expression as they listened to Anderson.
“Oh, god, yes!” Judith smiled, “I’ve been maybe twice?”
“I may come to regret trusting the likes of you and the other two with something like this, but I figure you’ll be smart with it.” Q just beamed at him and they returned to the work-table, where Q presented him with a box, inside which was his “retirement gift”. “Happy Retirement, 008. Don’t be a stranger.”
“Magic doesn’t exist?” The woman smiled, “Welcome to London Sanctum, Judith Watson. We’ve been waiting for you.”
'g ùrnaigh 's a'foghlum facal Dhé,
“If I could get away with avoiding a place for weeks.”
“Galileo and Aristotle.” Sherlock shrugged into his ridiculous Belstaff, checking his pockets. His eyes widened and he chuckled as he removed a fuzzy bundle from the right pocket, “Who fell asleep in my pocket again.”
“Very well, Mr. Hope. See you in the interview rooms.” Judith reached over and switched off the recorder.
“They generally start to care when you go out of your way to rescue one of their top-level field agents, Gregory,” Mycroft said quietly.
“No, don’t. It’s...fine.” Sherlock looked at John, who looked ashamed of distracting him. “It’s fine.”
“Oh, you’re not sleeping on the couch, love! Hop in, I’ll take you home!” Lestrade dropped out of sight and she chuckled, pulling open the passenger door and sliding into the car. As they got underway again, Judith fished her phone out of her pocket and fired off a text to Mycroft Holmes.
“Oh, I’ll teach you a bit of respect, boy.” He said gruffly as he shuffled a bit. “Put that tongue of yours to proper use.” Sherlock’s reaction was perfect, and John took great pleasure in the way his throat contracted on a reactive gulp, the shudder that sent a tremor from head to toe and caused goosebumps to rise on the fair skin. Before Sherlock could quite recover, he pushed home in one long, careful thrust, stopping only when he had bottomed out. Reaching down, he pulled Sherlock down a bit more and heard the soft grunt as the change of angle caused John’s erection to brush against Sherlock’s prostate. Inspired, John pulled back a bit and adjusted his own angle to apply regular pressure to that little gland.
“Breathe for me, please,” he said and moved the stethoscope around to get a proper sound.
No more hiding from Victor Trevor or Charles Magnussen. No more hiding period.
None of it was no longer of any concern to him. He had said what he had wanted to say and if no one wanted to listen, what more could he do?
But Sherlock was not one for playing the submissive part, not even for pretend, and despite considering the occasional power play with John back at home, he wasn’t prepared to adapt a role that would leave him vulnerable in the hands of Magnussen.
As the reached the top of the stairs Mycroft immediately turned left while John went to the right.
Dr Roylott stopped for a second, contemplating this question.
And tonight, the flushed cheeks, the large dark eyes and his almost brittle appearance. It had been staring John straight in the face for a long time and yet he had failed to see, too preoccupied with the sexual favours Sherlock had showered over him, not to mention how distracted he had been by his own jealousy, his developing feelings for the younger man and the adrenalin rush of doing something forbidden. He had readily trusted what Sherlock had told him to put in the reports without even once check if it was accurate. And now they were both paying the prize for his negligence.
“You must have known that I was going to contact him! I told you how annoying I found his interfering! Why else would you come here with the others? You must have at least suspected that I would take him here.”
“You if anyone should know this, who has seen the ravages of war up close. And yet you remained where you were and conducted your life right in the middle of it, every day. The fact that you decided to wear that uniform tonight tells me that you look back on that time with some sort of proudness attached to your experience, if I was to take a guess I would say that you found it exciting and that you thrived from that feeling to get by. And there you go, even something as dark as war has something to be gained from. That’s what this painting means to me – within the darkness lies the promise of something exciting and beautiful to be had.”
He continued to pace frantically as he spoke and John desperately wanted to make him stop, to force him to calm down, but unable to actually reach out and touch him, afraid what it would feel like if he actually crossed that line, he held up a preventive hand in front of Sherlock’s face instead.
“Oh, I always thought you had such a good connection with Sherlock, I’m disappointed to hear that you are no longer his doctor,” Magnussen said with no particular empathy in his voice at all. He was clearly acting a part as well but neglecting to put any emotions into his performance, merely stating the right words to say.
“No, he stayed in the house. He is locked up in his office, has told no one to disturb him. He looked very....I don’t know, motionless I guess would be a good word. I think he was shocked. It all just happened so quickly. All of a sudden that loud sound of the ambulance arriving, people rushing in, carrying the unconscious body out on a stretcher and I tell you, at first I thought he had actually died. Pale as sheet in the face, didn’t even look as if he was breathing. But I heard the ambulance crew talk between themselves, he was alive when they left. It was apparently drug related. Massive overdose caused by something called a speedball. I don’t know what that is, but like I said, I thought he was dead at first.”
“Stop treating me like I’m an amateur, Mycroft. You of all people should know I’m the expert in the art of making promises never to be kept.”
But Mycroft also recognised that John wasn’t a man who took being lied to very lightly, whatever the cause for it.
Mycroft had always had a childish fear of the powers of nature, despite never having been the victim of anything more dramatic than a bout of hail during a summer holiday they had spent in France when he was 14 and he had not been quick enough to run for cover. It had been a very unpleasant and painful experience but not even remotely dangerous and yet it had scared him enough to fear all dramatic changes in weather for years to come.
“It’s complicated....”
“Perhaps you could bring forward my regards to your brother as well?”
“Oh, I’m sorry? We were mistaken then? You were not going to die tonight and we all just overreacted, is that it?” he shouted, his face reddening with rising anger.
“Oh, please, I wasn’t dying, I merely miscalculated the dose a little bit, nothing to make a fuss about,” Sherlock weakly tried to wave his hand in a blasé gesture but didn’t quite manage to pull off the nonchalance he wanted to convey, his movements still a bit wobbly.
The black curls danced around the pale face as Sherlock shook his head. When he spoke again his voice was back to normal though, not a trace of that small almost childlike innocent quality.
After knocking on the door, a butler let him inside the house, showed him upstairs and then into a room that he immediately recognised because of the one item that had caught his eye the last time he had been here.
The disdain he put into the phrase “factory floor “was evident and John’s nostrils flared.
Was this guy taking the piss? Who was he anyway and more importantly, what did he want? And how did he know about John medical title?
John watched her disappear and then stared down the darkened shadow that made up the head of the stairs, the distinct feeling of stepping into villain’s lair crossing his mind for a second, almost expecting to see a bald man in a grey suit sitting in a swivelling chair with a white cat on his lap .
Good.
Had Dr Roylott turned his head he would have caught sight of them, but he was, to John’s huge relief, too single-minded at the moment to notice what was happening behind his back.
“Turn around,” he ordered and stepped back to give Sherlock some space to do so.
Despite only pretending to be a person suffering from a coma, he had still been forced to confinement and hidden away, simply to avoid the risk of anyone managing the unthinkable feat of sniffing out his location.
? As if you like him even the tiniest bit.”
The image of Sherlock, walking towards him across the garden in his white shirt and those soft dark curls framing his unique features, lingered in his thoughts as his muscles ached from exhaustion and he wiped away sweat from his forehead, but beyond that small diversion he mainly focused on his task and put in as much effort as he always did while working. It was strange to consider that he had been doing something completely different not that many hours ago.
In fact, Sherlock was pretty certain that if given the true version, a lot of shouting would be happening by now, and the version he had presented them with instead wasn’t too far off the actual truth, just a few details omitted from the narrative and there was really no need to tell them about those.
After he had completed the initial round of mouth-to mouth as well as chest compressions, he assessed that the biggest issue was the difficulty breathing and turned the body into the recovery position and then reached for his phone to call for an ambulance.
And then it hit him.
“I’m willing to take your word for it and pay you tonight and then you can give me what you owe me some other day.”
“How do you know that is the safe where my truly secrets possessions are being kept?” he had asked and with Mycroft it was difficult to tell if he was pulling his leg or actually indicating that Sherlock was clueless on the subject. It had been highly infuriating.
This was clearly from that second category.
“He is a successful businessman, not everything he has achieved is based on blackmail and leverage,” John pointed out but knew that Mycroft likely wouldn’t foresee his expressed outcome for Magnussen without some knowledge in the matter.
“Who the hell gets the idea to
He had no idea where Victor lived, where he might have stowed away the weapon or how he was going to get it back without ending up on the wrong side of the barrel once more, so for now he had been forced to accept that his weapon was temporarily gone.
Unperturbed by this, John simply raised his eyebrows as he asked:
The phone kept ringing, and eventually Sherlock strode up to retrieve it from where he had thrown it carelessly on the sofa and with swift fingers, he silenced it.
Mycroft patted the corners of lips with his napkin after clearing his plate and took another sip of his wine before he turned his attention back on his brother.
For some reason that image sat very well with him despite the nagging feeling that he had been slightly played by the Holmes brothers as well last night. He was wise enough to realise though that their methods might have been justified if this was the result they had managed to generate.
*************************
Ever since leaving the Baker Street flat, the picture of Sherlock’s fate has presented itself more clearly with every additional detail presented to them and the threat of despair is tugging at every nerve-end of his being.
“There’s no label on the bottle. Is it some sort of exclusive brand that only comes in a limited stock from some fancy store where posh people buy their sex toys?”
actually was the interloper who borrowed Sherlock for a while, and not the other way around.
Sherlock shrugged as if it was inconsequential to him how Magnussen felt about anything. It probably was.
No, he had no desire to expose himself to that image.
As he crossed the threshold of the Baker Street flat, to leave John Watson to nurture his wounded heart on his own, he pressed a speed dial number and was instantly rewarded with a familiar voice on the receiving end.
But he also knew that the caller would not accept a rejection, so after a deep breath to brace himself, he pressed the flashing green symbol on the screen and put the phone on speaker.
He did not like the idea of fooling anyone out of their money, or fooling anyone regarding anything for that matter, but so far into this ruse he was equally unwilling to end his arrangement with Sherlock, so he had neglected to think too closely about his betrayal of Mycroft’s trust in him.
He held no hope picturing any other ending to this scenario than his own approaching demise.
But as he  had begun to consider the situation more closely he had realised that he wasn’t as averse to the idea of something more than just friendship and once coming to this conclusion, it had been very easy to make up his mind and do something  about it, as John was clearly not going to be the one taking the first step.
Mycroft snorted and took a large helping from the offered terrine while he allowed his brother’s childish taunts to wash off him. After a few minutes of silent chewing he turned back to the topic of John Watson again.
And then of course, the worst of all.
Mycroft gave his future brother-in-law a withering stare.
Soon enough voices were heard and as John turned he saw the young man he had rescued come walking up towards him across the pathway in long strides, wearing the same white shirt he had worn yesterday, evident from the black fingerprints John had left on the fabric while performing CPR, curls lightly billowing in the morning breeze and looking very different from the lifeless body John had found on the ground between the two containers.
“Mm, perhaps. But circumstances have changed. What if Mycroft Holmes was made aware that you knew of his younger brother’s drug habits but didn’t inform anyone of them? I know from experience that he could easily make your life a living hell with a simple snap of his fingers. And just imagine if Sherlock actually dies? What then? Your information would become useless to me.”
If Mycroft was in any way effected by these words, it wasn’t visible in his features, quite contrary he looked indifferent, his eyes void from any emotion.
Sure enough, Magnussen was sleeping as well.
“Suck it,” came the familiar voice from the shadows around him, and without turning to look at the person making this demand, he did as he was told and enclosed hip lips around the finger and swirled his tongue over the tip before he started sucking.
With the memory of Mycroft’s hidden cameras still intact, he doesn’t feel comfortable spending any time in the flat, especially as every inch of the place reminds him of Sherlock.
But this other man...
“If you had a brother with his very own top-secret research facility, wouldn’t you at least make the attempt to figure out what’s going on in there?”
Magnussen liked that about him.
So reluctantly he nodded and said:
“Do you date, Dr Watson?” she said, a quick glance thrown at his left hand, probably checking for a ring in the least discreet manner possible.
“Why the hell not? In fact I’m having a spectacular time! Watching your fiancé being all kinds of possessive for everyone to see, pressing kisses to your mouth as if he wanted to eat your bloody face!”
The agents disapprovingly purses his mouth, not unlike Mycroft himself when being in a particularly prissy mood, but John waives him away and turns his attention back to the screen where Sherlock has long ago finished his tea and is now bending over a book lying on the desk, his back against the camera.
“You’re actually more quick-witted than I might have given you credit for, Dr Watson. Or have you been taking lessons from my brother in what he calls “the science of deduction?”
“There is a bedroom at the back if you’re unwilling to return home. I can have someone bring you a sandwich, but other than that I can’t waste time caring for your needs when my focus should be on finding my brother.”
“Or what, you’re going to pound me really hard into that carpet? Sorry to disappoint, doctor, but you’ve already done that. Several times as I recall. Took the cleaning lady a really good scrubbing to get the stains out too.”
“So here I am Dr Roylott. I’m assuming there is a reason for the invite?”
John thought bitterly but naturally refrained from saying.
Sensing that he was not going to get anything more out of Sherlock tonight, he decided to remove himself from the temptation of doing anything rash like starting a fight, and therefor he turned on his heal and left.
Mycroft shook his head slightly.
The benefit  of having a person working as a double agent in this manner was so far the only upper hand Mycroft had managed to achieve in his war against Magnussen though and as far as result went, it wasn’t much. But finally the situation might actually be looking brighter if John Watson managed to play his part in their favour from now on.
A churn of nausea made itself noticed in Mycroft’s stomach when hearing these words and he bit his cheek hard to prevent that feeling from revealing itself in his appearance.
That’s the key element that makes this photo stand out from all the other photos that exist of the two of them.
They had never indulged in any powerplay in the bedroom before and he hadn’t really known that such things would be of any interest to Sherlock. But as he now visualised one of them being in charged of the other, preferably him spanking that lovely bottom of Sherlock’s, he felt a jolt of excitement running through him at the idea.
But he simply couldn’t gather the will to end this blissful moment by rising and prepare himself for his departure. The more time he spent with Sherlock, the more reluctant to leave he became by each visit.
Sherlock’s only response to that was the sound of his tongue licking the outline of John’s neck down to the collarbone, pressing a soft kiss there while his hands kept moving inside John’s sweater now, eagerly wanting to touch bare skin.
Magnussen was clearly pleased by the combination of entrapment that the handcuffs represented, as well as the fact that this was arranged for him like a present to unwrap. It was as if Sherlock had revealed just enough to indicate that he was willing to take a step further sexually but at the same time had rendered himself literary in the hands of Magnussen as he couldn’t use his own.
The bathroom camera turned into a nasty piece of information supplier after that moment, when previously having provided him with much more pleasurable views.
John in particular had a very unique way of looking at him when he was feeling aroused. He made Sherlock feel like he was the best thing he had ever seen, a combination of tenderness and raw sexual desire in his eyes, like his mind couldn’t decide if he wanted to rip Sherlock’s clothes off and ravage him on the spot, or more lovingly explore the body he had in front of him, taking his time and savouring the moment.
John suddenly realised that he missed Sherlock terribly and a pang of longing hit him as he stood on the abandoned courtyard looking up at the sunlit sky above his head, wondering when they were going to meet each other again. The conception of “if” was not something he was willing to contemplate.
Magnussen tutted disapprovingly at his futile attempt.
They silently eyed each other but Mycroft who had mastered this type of game since his early teens, had no problem remaining calm and waiting under the expectant stare of the other man. The only other true opponent in this force of wills who had occasionally managed to have him beat, was Sherlock of course, not normally a person who thrived in playing the waiting game but who could master it occasionally out of sheer stubbornness.
In the end he didn’t want to complicate things further by telling Mycroft that he and Sherlock had been sleeping with each other for weeks, because even if it was tempting to tell someone the truth, nothing good could come out of a revelation like that.
The answers he had wanted earlier were suddenly no longer important because it no longer mattered, these people could have each other as far as he was concerned and good riddance to them!
Mycroft nodded as he turned and began to walk hastily towards the staircase.
….he thought as he ran.
The black car took him all the way back to Mycroft’s house and as it pulled up at the front he could see a familiar figure sitting in one of the windows, waiting for him.
As he reached out to turn down the lid of his laptop, he decided that the easiest way of finding out what Sherlock was actually up to was to reach out to the source closest to him and try finding some answers from him.
Reminded of that evening and the veritable Bond villain lair in the basement he hoped Sherlock hadn’t decided to invite his brother to join them during the examination. It would not be surprising though, Mycroft seemed liked the type of man who would want to oversee things himself. Or perhaps he had a camera installed somewhere and didn’t need to be in the same room personally to survey anything.
He immediately waived those thoughts away though. That was no longer of any concern to him. It was a normal reaction to become worried about Sherlock’s welfare as he had cared very deeply for him and to an extent still did, but nothing good could come from getting himself involved again.
John brought his other hand up to squeeze at the taller man’s firm cheek, pressing his thumb in beside his tongue. The sharp intake of air from Sherlock only made John want to go faster. John replaced his tongue with his thumb. Sherlock whined from the burn of John’s thick digit.
“What would I be without my doctor?” John bent down to kiss their hands with a sad smile.
John stepped into the grimy shadows.
“Doctor Watson” was all he said before swooping out through the front doors. The way he said John’s name made his breathing hitch. He hoped his discomfort wasn’t completely obvious.
WARNING:
. He hadn’t stepped in to stop him, just let John rampage. He could remember how gentle Sherlock’s hands were while he bandaged his palm. Sherlock wasn’t frightened by him. He had cared for him as John did when he had a close one with a suspect or jumped a wire fence. Tears prickled at his eyes again.
“The battle’s not yet won, John. Wait for me,”
“I appreciate that you are allowing me to be this close to you, so soon into a new aspect of our relationship.”
“I was called in to help out at the surgery, but I wanted to see how you were doing before I accepted.”
John had fantasized about this since he first laid eyes on the man, but he never imagined how the sharp angles of Sherlock’s hips would feel under his fingers; the warm taste of his mouth; those elegant violinist’s fingers caressing his face. It was sensory overload. Sherlock raised his hips into John’s. The doctor ground down against him and gripped Sherlock’s wrists. He massaged circles into them as he stretched them over his head. Sherlock’s hands tangled in the dark sheets as John’s fingers made easy work of the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. John let it fall open to reveal the pale expanse of Sherlock’s torso. John held his gasp. Sherlock lifted himself on his elbows and pressed a kiss to the corner of John’s mouth.
“What can I get for fifty?” The other man laughed obnoxiously- a nasally sound that grated John’s nerves.
“John,” Sherlock called. “Can you hear me?” Only seconds later, John’s eyes fluttered open, dazed and unseeing. Sherlock soothed his hair until his eyes focused on the man over him.
Sherlock frowned to himself. Of course there was no rush. Spending years thinking about these sort of precious moments with John, pushing the moans of the women he would fuck upstairs out of his head, and even giving a best man speech meant that he was in no rush. Time was all they had apparently. Of course. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the faucet. John must think that he has never been in a physical relationship like this. That might be partially true. Victor never held him like this. Instead, he would leave the bed if Sherlock’s comedown was intolerable and leave him to deal with the dopamine depletion alone. The only thing Sherlock wanted was to make up for lost time, but how could John see this when Sherlock was suffering from cold-sweats and migraines. He probably looked like a bloody addict.
“I suppose we’ll do the statement later, yeah,” Lestrade sighed, watching Sherlock stalk toward the entrance of the alley.
Anyways, I hope this chapter is up to y'all's standards. There is definitely more to come.
“I just revealed that I’m clear of diseases, sexually transmitted or otherwise, and rather than taking me home and fucking me raw, we’re standing in bloody
“I want to explain.” John took Sherlock’s hand. “Please.”
“John,”
But John and Moriarty were completely different people.
John was facing him now, lower lip worried enough for blood to be drawn.
Sherlock hailed a cab, pulling off his left glove, and as one arrived, slid his ungloved hand in the back of John’s jeans. His middle finger dipped into the cleft of John’s arse. John had to swallow hard to keep his erection under control. They slid into the back of the cab quietly.
The threat of rain loomed over John’s head as he walked. A young woman leaned against the wall of a café, coffee and umbrella in hand. She winked suggestively at John as he passed. There was hesitation in his next step, but he continued nonetheless. He was no longer a single man to stop at every wink and tongue flick sent his way.
Light smut in this chapter followed by more suffering :))))
John had no idea he would be standing there, watching Sherlock’s fingers tremble with a capsule pinched between them. He had no idea that he would pull the trigger on his Sig at the cabbie that was threatening Sherlock. He had no idea that he would be so smitten with the git in the dark greatcoat so suddenly. John hurried out of Roland-Kerr College. The last thing he needed was to get arrested.
Here's to a new chapter! I hope y'all like it!
“Oh God,” he groaned, waves of sickness rolling through him.
“I just want to be alone.”
“By how much?” Sherlock growled.
“I’ve got a concussion,” the woman cried.
“How're you feeling after your bath?”
“Drink.”
“Come along, John,” he called, running down the steps. “Lestrade, we will follow.” The only thing John could do was shrug when the DI rolled his eyes toward him. John hoped silently that Sherlock would be adequately distracted with the case to give him enough time to plan out just how badly John was going to hurt the bastard that marred his gorgeous consulting detective.
Crying women were not his speciality, he always felt some unexplainable need to calm them down with a terrible track record of always failing to do so, and he couldn’t walk into Magnussen’s office with a P.A on the verge of tears, looking as if he had been the one to cause them.
As the silence stretched on, Magnussen was the one who had to continue talking if they were going to get somewhere.
Sherlock gave Mycroft an incredulous look, half amused but at the same time perplexed.
Naturally Mycroft would never believe him if he just folded without opposition, so some resistance was needed and the first thing he did was to pull his hand back and glare at his brother.
“You have one message. The call was received at 03:38 am.”
John felt himself go completely cold when he heard those words.  Because how had
“Yes, it is.” The man actually has the gall to sound puzzled by John’s outrage.
Mycroft clasped his hands in front of him on the desk and leaned forward a little bit, scrutinizing John like a laser beam, not even bothering to hide his obvious inspection. This immediately put John on edge and he pressed his lips tightly together and boldly stared right back.  Two could play this game and he was certainly not afraid to show how he felt about being looked upon like an insect pinned beneath a magnifying glass.
“Ah, still feisty despite your pitiable state. I like that about you, Sherlock, always ready to put up a fight until you draw your last breath. Just make sure that it doesn’t happen sooner than you think, as I’m not done enjoying you yet. And Victor is hardly ready to become a widower before he’s even had the pleasure of having you as his husband. At least think of us, if you neglect to think of yourself.”
“Is that so?” he said, his eyebrows raised in delight.
It had been delivered by messenger during the afternoon but he had not bothered to open it straight away and it had quickly been forgotten on account of the situation with Sherlock, and then it must have fallen to the floor sometime during the evening when Victor had occupied his time pacing the room, drinking wine and sprawling on the sofa.
But the situation had changed when the man had recently switched tactics and a few people of influence had suddenly been targeted by him.
He has no idea how much she knows by now but it can hardly have escaped her that one of her tenants has gone completely missing and the other one is hardly spending any time in the flat either.
However much it chagrined him to admit to this, he realised that he had to confess lacking the proper knowledge to proceed and he pulled out a chair to sit himself down heavily, the umbrella between his knees before meeting Magnussen’s smug face, conceding defeat.
So instead of waiting for the next victim to be compromised, he decided that enough was enough and Magnussen had to be stopped before he had the chance of finding something he could use against Mycroft himself.
He imagined the look on Magnussen’s face as he opened up the parcel that the delivery man had handed him.
Maybe the poker hadn’t always had that shape or form? Maybe it had been forced into that slightly twisted appearance for some reason and was now leaned against the wall because the rack it had previously fitted into, no longer managed that.
“Excuse me,” he mumbled and rose from his chair, not caring about Magnussen inquisitive stare, about Victor who fell even deeper into the kiss or about Mycroft who just sat there allowing another man to have his hands all over his little brother like a spectacle being performed for the enjoyment of Victor only.
But it could also occasionally be something more horrible, like signs on Sherlock’s body of someone having taken his pleasures from it, like faded bruises from fingerprints that must have dug deep into those slender hips during sex, or a love bite on the neck for example. The first time he noticed them it felt like he had been hit straight in the solar plexus and the air literary went out of him before he recoiled as if burnt by the sight.
No, it was the helplessness he felt about something he was unable to control.
“What’s this??!” he hisses and closes the distance between them, jerking his head in the direction of the screen.
The threat of getting caught apparently added a layer of further excitement to him even if John would have opted for a less risky option. He for one wasn’t eager to find out what sort of wrath Mycroft would unleash upon him if he found out that John was having sex with his little brother.
Because this was not a part of the rules that governed their arrangement. This had crossed over to something darker and undefined, something he had no wish to experience again.
While he felt for a pulse and checked Sherlock’s breathing ability, he addressed the older brother sternly:
“There is something going on with Sherlock and that dragon of a brother is keeping me from seeing him!”
Hurriedly he gathered the pile of clothes he so neatly had folded for this occasion specifically and then he headed for the window.
Whatever his role in this might be, the man is clearly hiding something and even if it takes John an eternity to find out what it is, he is determined to get to the bottom of it.
He took a few steps forward, turning his head to check in each direction, his skin prickling from the chill in the air while his eyes scanned the area carefully.
“Didn’t you hear what I said? You’re not replaceable.
“You present quite the alluring picture.”
“What do you mean?”
Dressed in a crisp suit of a dogtooth pattern and a mauve-coloured tie to match it, cold blue eyes stared at John staunchly, his firm voice addressing him in that tone that was so indubiously Mycroft’s.
“Careful, Mr Holmes. They are not for touching, simply looking at.
“How would you know?” Mycroft raised an inquisitive eyebrow while he met his brother’s eyes in the mirror. “Have you actually even seen a soap on the telly, or read a teenage novel for that matter?”
“His appearance alone should have told ýou that he wasn’t. And besides, so what if he had been a rent boy? No reason to go blabbing just because you think a prostitute won’t pay attention. I never once told you to go after him.”
Their eyes locked for a second, neither willing to back down. But eventually Sherlock sighed and turned his gaze away.
“I’ll make sure to pass on your message, Mr Magnussen.”
After his nightly excursion with John Watson, the true plotting had finally begun, and things had already been set in motion. And once again Victor had been the one to provide the help just when they needed it.
The way his tone of voice rose from clear indignation as well as the obvious knowledge of the place, made it seem likely that he had actually made an impromptu visit already, when Sherlock and John had not been there themselves.
The last and final injection is to be administered within two hours, so there is plenty of time left to turn his attention to what other matters that makes up the daily tasks given to the man who is the British government.
Mycroft strongly detested the suggestion that his brother was some sort of creature to be talked about as a specimen, and even more so, that Magnussen deigned to make sexually suggestive gestures at his brother’s expense, but still he said nothing about it at the moment, just waiting to hear what had actually brought Magnussen to his door.
“Funny that he had this developed and put among his personal items,” Lestrade muses, looking at the picture. “But I guess, it
The urge to give his insolent brother a good slap across the cheek was for a second overwhelming and Mycroft raised himself up to a standing position again and took a step back to prevent that from happening.
“Seems like ever since Dr Watson left, things have been unravelling in an alarming pace. Has this something to do with him, perhaps?”
John also recalled the bloodied tissue he had found in Sherlock’s room and yet another pang of regret hit him as he was reminded of how easily he had discarded it as insignificant, buying into Sherlock’s explanation. Well, technically he had told the truth that particular time, he had indeed suffered a nosebleed, he had just omitted to tell the reason for it.
“Put the call on speaker,” he demanded. “I don’t want you tipping your mate off what we are here for. I need to hear what you two are saying.”
At the sound of people saluting his toast, their glasses raised, Victor’s eyes suddenly turned to look at John, and as if someone had turned off a switch, the joy in his eyes fizzled out and was replaced by a cold hard stare that spoke of true venom and jealousy, easily discernible to John who felt exactly the same way in return. It was quite uncomfortable to witness though and John didn’t know how to respond to such a blatant display of hostility so he simply stared back, wondering if he was the only one who thought it was all a bit odd.
“And when did that plan begin to deviate from the plan I had arranged with Sherlock?” he managed to hiss through gritted teeth.
That he cared for his brother was after all one of the reasons that he was in this mess in the first place, however much he logically knew that it would have served himself better if he had allowed his brother to suffer the consequences of the situation on his own.
Thinking back on his recent failure, he still felt curious about those glasses of Magnussen’s, how did they work exactly? Were they essential to his blackmailing business? Were they one of a kind?
“Mm, if they were still around to be upset by anything, I guess they would be.”
He leaned in and gave Sherlock yet another kiss, deeper this time, reassuring, confident, his heart beating faster in his heart as he thought about what this all meant and how prepared he actually was to go ahead with this, put an end to the terror Sherlock had been through and if possible save him from the clutches of not only Magnussen but Victor as well.
Well, time would tell eventually.
John contemplated how he was going to reply to this without coming off as too eager.
John gave the other man a weak smile but nodded all the same.
Mycroft actually looked baffled now. What was Sherlock playing at?
“It’s surveillance from your flat, Dr Watson. Old footage. We are going through footage from the past couple of weeks, the same ones Mr Marcus himself had access to, just to see if we can spot something that could have triggered these recent developments.”
He wondered how this conversation would have gone if he had not been prepared for it in advance on account of Sherlock.
John can’t help but frown at that phrasing. “
“Well, he didn’t mention lubricant in per se. But he said that I needed to put you in a better mood before revealing a thing or two that I might have omitted to mention earlier. And I know how much you like to penetrate me, so what better way than to make it easier for you to do so despite our rough accommodation. Knowing that you would never do it without lubricant and going to the shops… well, it wasn’t doable under the circumstances, I decided to make a go of producing my own version. I’ve tried it out myself, even tasted it and…”
“Well, don’t,” John effectively cut him off. “If I were you, I would not open up that particular can of worms right now, you still need my help with Magnussen after all. Didn’t Mycroft ever tell you not to aggravate those who are trying to help you?”
“To get to my point, as I wouldn’t want to keep you from.....” Victor waived his hand nonchalantly towards the glass window once more, “ ....your
Sherlock was the first to rise and John saw him pick up his torn shirt and roll it into a heap before he bent to retrieve his pants.
“I must say I’m surprised by your presence here tonight, Dr Watson,” a low tone of voice came from his left side and John sighed inwardly before he replied.
John doesn’t even know if Sherlock ever took that case Mycroft brought with him.
Mycroft had a very displeased look on his face when he addressed him.
He had been the one to initiate the kiss.
The biggest question was perhaps who this person actually was and what in God’s name he was doing here? The place had gates as well as surveillance cameras, so it was no easy task to just walk straight in, but he also did not look like a normal intruder, for one he didn’t seem to have any proper equipment with him to help him make a break in.
When the silence stretched on and no further explanation was coming John decided to ask the obvious question himself instead.
They stared at each other.
He was quite clearly tied up, by both hands and feet to what he assumed was a bedpost, even if the room was too dark to actually confirm it. A firm tug at the restraints told him that they were firmly secured, and properly weakened by the punches he had received, as well as the all-consuming pain to the left side of his head, he realised that he wasn’t going to be able to free himself without the assistance of another person.
He hadn’t meant for it to come out as if Sherlock had not done his part, but it needed to be said that his focus had clearly shifted from the main mission to something he had found infinitely more entertaining and where did that leave Mycroft’s problem regarding Magnussen?
He also had enough self-perseverance to know that wasn’t going to happen.
John had yelled at him to do something despite not knowing himself what that something should actually be, the irony not lost on him being the doctor in the  room but still fumbling with what to do. Mycroft always came off as a man in full control of every situation, however difficult it was, and to see him frozen to the spot, completely helpless, just intensified John’s feeling of being lost.
Mycroft’s lips purse even tighter in disapproval but at least he doesn’t answer back whatever it is he is probably dying to throw in John’s face.
Besides, however much this idea chagrined John when thinking about it, considering Magnussen’s interest in Sherlock, he might even be willing to help getting Sherlock to safety.
John stared at it. It was undoubtedly his, he would recognise it anywhere and he had heard two sharp gunshots and yet…
“I find that hard to believe. Not sure my brother likes the idea of anyone ravaging my body actually.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about, Mr Magnussen. I haven’t seen my brother since yesterday and we have not been in contact after that. He is not the one who has sent me. Whatever dealings you have between you, I have no knowledge of it. “
The door was silently pushed open and he swept inside while John followed more hesitantly, as a rising suspicion had begun to form inside of him and was confirmed as he stepped further into the room.
Victor tilted his head slightly, his eyes boring into John’s like a reptilian about to lash out, the previous cordiality no longer visible.
“That wasn’t a mistake on his part. Quite contrary in fact, he was proving to be....
With those final words he leaned forward and grabbed Sherlock around the waist, pulling him down from the windowsill.
And with a distinct ding announcing their arrival to the top floor, the conversation was put to an end and they both arranged their facial features into something more professional as she walked out of the elevator first and showed him the way past her own desk over to a large door slightly ajar, leading to the room where Magnussen waited for them behind a huge desk in front of the spectacular view offered by his panoramic windows showcasing London by evening.
He woke from the feeling of fingers curling around his throat, his eyes widening as he stared into the familiar features that loomed above him.
No time to remain lingering at home when there was work to be done and with determined steps he walked towards his bathroom to prepare himself for what the day had on offer.
“I understand that it might seem a bit old-fashioned to make arrangements like this, without the actual patient present. But as you will soon realise if you decide to take this assignment is that anything that doesn’t necessarily need to involve my brother will run much smoother, even things that has to do with him personally. As I’m sure you noticed, he is a former drug user, with emphasis on the word former. Yet nonetheless, as I sure you are aware of, considering your own family background, an addict is always an addict at heart and even if his addiction is dormant at the moment, who’s to say when he is going to fall prey to his desires the next time? I have been around too long to take anything for granted when it comes to this matter.”
He winked when uttering that last sentence, as if attempting to make a joke and yet John couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something else beneath those words. It was difficult to tell who Sherlock was trying to convince the most, himself or John.
A smile broke out and completely changed Sherlock’s otherwise usually hard and angled features. It made him look like a little boy for a second, as if someone else was momentarily in possession of his face. It was rare that Sherlock actually smiled a genuine smile, he usually rather smirked or made one of those sardonic grins that made him seem world-weary well beyond his years.
He wasn’t as ignorant about the sexual desires of others as he sometimes pretended to be, he knew people assessed and appreciated his appearance, usually before he decided to open his mouth and ruin it by speaking.
John realised that they had forgot to prepare for that eventuality and that he would now need to do so own his own, in order prevent such a situation from wreaking havoc with their carefully laid plans regarding Magnussen.
Why was everyone one so insistent of tormenting him with sexual innuendos regarding his brother, innuendos he had no wish to take any part off?
arrival made it all even better.
Mycroft also made the effort to not stoke the flames of Victor’s jealousy any further by mentioning details that could question John’s motives for leaving and bring about another impromptu visit to the barrack with a gun.
Mycroft gave him a sharp look.
He woke a few hours later by the familiar dipping of his mattress behind his back and when he sleepily turned his head, he was faced with his flatmate’s naked form pressing against his own semi-naked body, a wicked grin on his lips. The heap of discarded clothes by the door told him that Sherlock must have gone straight up here to look for John and had apparently been hit by inspiration.
Some naked skin on a hot bloke was not going to divert him from his duties. He had been around good-looking muscly men in the army enough times to not allow himself to be easily distracted.
This day was no different and after having run his fingers through his damp sand-coloured hair he turned his back on the mirror and joined the rest of the men heading for work.
Inwardly John wondered where Mycroft kept his assistant stashed away to be so readily whipped out whenever he needed her, but instead he asked a different, more significant question.
John walked up to him and shook the extended hand as if to seal their agreement, looking nothing but composed while secretly trying to supress the feeling of unease beginning to unfurl inside his abdomen.
He then paused and succeeded to look even more broken than before.
“I thought that would catch your attention, Mr Holmes.  But I must say I’m surprised he sent you instead of coming himself. I would have thought the subject a little sensitive to be discussed between siblings. Or has he not given you any details yet?“
“I’ll think I hold on to this. It’s not like anyone’s going to claim any of this anyway. Anderson didn’t have many people in his life these last couple of years. His ex-wife remarried and the parents died years ago I think.”
In front of him, Magnussen continued darkly:
Although a favourite because of the way the colour complemented his pale skin and dark curls, John liked the blue one, but knew that whenever Sherlock wore it, he was in a bored and frantic mood, almost on the verge of driving John to despair himself because of the antics Sherlock got up to when wearing that gown.
Mycroft wondered how his brother really felt right now and for a second there was a pang of sorrow that pierced through him when looked at Sherlock.
“Don’t play coy with me! You have been asking around for my identity and we both know that you heard things the other night at Magnussen’s that must have piqued your interest. I assumed you were simply one of his rent boys and didn’t think my outspokenness would matter to a person merely there to engage in a sexual transaction.  But now when I know who you are and that you have been sniffing around, asking for my name, I realise I made a mistake. But the good thing is, I know how to fix whatever lapses of judgement I’ve made.”
“What’s this?” John asked, his brow furrowed as he picked up the small slips of coloured paper Sherlock had dropped onto his lap.
“A knock would have been preferable, Lestrade."
“Because I insist on my clients saying their safe word out loud before we begin.”
He kept on in that fashion for weeks, secretly stealing sniffs of John’s clothes, until a close call made him realise he needed a different solution. John had almost walked in on him, unexpectedly doubling back to grab his wallet as he was leaving the flat, and Sherlock had barely managed to get away with his ‘it’s for an experiment’ excuse when John had challenged him.
“My...but you're such a suspicious one…” she sighs, then lifts her arms in soft surrender. “Feel free to search. I highly doubt that either of us will get anything more out of it than friction burn.”
"Can't understand you, love," John pulled off long enough to smirk up at Sherlock, unable to resist the temptation to tease the man more than he had already, "First memory loss, now you're speaking in tongues. Next, you'll be calling me Jesus."
For the longest of moments, Sherlock just glares at John. There’s a neutrality to Sherlock’s face that John begrudgingly admires. Then, just as John is about to threaten calling the police again, Sherlock slowly pulls out a mobile phone from his inner coat pocket, presses a few buttons, then faces the phone so that John can see the video playing on the screen.
Sherlock and John figure out the physical boundaries of their relationship, one small touch at a time.
“Glad you like soup,” John smirks.
John giggles are so high-pitched that at this point only dogs can probably hear them, and Sherlock leans in to just relish in the beauty. This John is what he wanted all along. The carefree sweetness with that sultry edge that this night was all about. To capture this point in time before everything changes, and scorch it onto every wall in his mind palace.
“The what?” John exclaims, half rattled. Sherlock shrugs off the question.
“Speakerphone, if you would…” the older male officer mentioned. “We don’t want any more secrets amongst friends.”
I undo my trousers and lay in the bed and listen. Grab ahold of myself and imagine a reality where it’s me that John has in his arms. His hunger for me on the tip of his tongue, and I would swallow every morsel of what he’d give me without further scrutiny. I let my eyes flutter closed as I wrap a hand around myself, imagining the ghost of kisses working their way up my neck. My cock twitches against my hand as it fills and hardens, and I gently run my hand up and down its length, focusing on the noises above me. “
“John...what the bloody…”
“I’d like that.” John can hear the smile in Sherlock’s voice, and it sends a warmth through his heart. “Properly, this time?”
“Not interested in being manipulated by another Holmes, thank you,” John sneers back before striding towards the door. He needs to get out of punching range of Sherlock before he does something that he’ll regret later.
down.”
“I...excuse me,” Sherlock interrupts, his voice almost mechanical. He takes a few wary steps backwards, like John’s a rabid animal that somehow got trapped in the flat. Carefully creating a distance that John doesn’t want, now or ever again if he could help it. John can only watch the taller man retreat into the shadows of the hallway, and the bedroom door slamming shut is a statement of how Sherlock truly feels.
As he picks up the two plastic cups, decorated with the symbolic rainbow flag, he mentally kicks himself. How could he be so stupid? There’s an assortment of pride flags hung from the ceiling, and half the couples in here are same-sex. Hell, he and John had been checked out as they’d entered. All the signs were there, but he’d been too flustered by his and John’s proximity to notice them.
Seb pushed the switchblade up to John's throat and pressed in enough to draw a trickle of blood. "Didn't know ya name, but best believe that I remember your face, mate...my sister Julia Moran sends her regards. I planned on just slitting your neck when I finally found ya, but since I stumbled on ya naked, maybe I'll keep your cock framed up for a warning for other shit men like you."
Maybe he had gone to bed to think through his mood?
“John.” Sherlock’s baritone reverberated through his spine. Tears sprung back to his eyes. He squeezed them shut.
Sherlock sat up. “But couples in sexual relationships do not usually require separation from their significant other, so I am concerned,”
“You kept this from me,” John whispered. “For all this time.”
“I’m not going to change,” he began before John started to shake his head.
“After you left for Serbia, I stood on the roof of St. Bart’s time after time. I would imagine you still standing there at that edge, and I would align my feet with yours. I wanted to jump after you, Sherlock. That’s all I dreamt about. I would leave early for work just so I could have time to stand where your body had hit the pavement. I swear, I could still see the blood staining the pavement. It was on one particularly bad day, I had too many pints, and I made my way to Bart’s again, because I had decided that it would be the day I would join you. Where at? I had no idea, but I knew that I had to see you again.
When Sherlock’s body sagged into the wall, eyes falling shut, and dropped to the floor with a crack of his head against the wood, John did not immediately go to his side. Instead, he stood there and stared at Sherlock’s crumpled body. He could not come to terms with Sherlock’s dishonesty, and even though he really didn’t think Sherlock gave him everything, actually having it be true was no less painful. John wasn’t sure how much time had passed before he dropped what was in his hands and went to Sherlock.
expecting was John to offer his fork, hunk of sesame chicken and rice on it. Sherlock blinked. John raised his eyebrows.
“I know of a great support group,”
Sherlock leaned against the cold benchtop with John draped over his back. They caught their breath enough to separate from each other. Sherlock stood up straight with a wince.
“Please, John. I need to understand what it is that you are feeling. I need to,” Sherlock let go of his arms. “I need you to be with me.”
“Sherlock,” John gasped. Sherlock readied himself as John shoved him down into his crotch, spilling himself down Sherlock’s aching throat, pulsating against his tongue. Sherlock swallowed obediently. He loved the taste of him, the salt on his palate. Sherlock reached down to pull out his own throbbing cock. John rode out his orgasm in Sherlock’s mouth, slowly thrusting once more before pulling out to watch Sherlock desperately jerk on his own reddened member. Sherlock’s bruised lips hung open as he thrust into his own fist frantically. He chased the taste of John. The thick coating in Sherlock’s mouth made him drool as he licked at it.
“You should return to Mary,” he whispered.
John traced Sherlock’s jawline. The detective sighed into his firm hand. His body felt like it was hovering over clouds, just barely being touched by wispy tendrils. Sherlock memorized every indent and callous on John’s hand: the very spot where the handle of his gun presses; the steadiness of his trigger finger; the rough patches of scarred flesh.
“Not a one.” Sherlock gazed fondly at John.
“I suppose you didn’t kill him.”
Sherlock couldn’t meet John’s eyes as he stared at Sherlock’s bruised and battered body.
“I will watch him.”
All seems back to normal, but John's got plans for revenge.
“Your wife needs surgery immediately, Doctor Watson. You will just have to wait until she is stable, and your baby has been delivered.” They left John behind the double doors. Sherlock stood from his sprawled position in the waiting room. When they had first arrived, there had been a whole other family, but they were gone. Sherlock must’ve scared them away.
“And I will allow you to mother-hen your brother as you like.” Sherlock bit back a smile. Mycroft frowned. He was already regretting his decision to let the doctor live with Sherlock.
John bit his lower lip. “Back at your flat, I mean. The sight of you,” he stopped and swallowed. The last thing he needed was to choke up in front of the man who could read him like a billboard. “I was worried for you.”
“Come then, Sherlock,” he whispered. “I’ll treat you better than your blogger ever could.”
“I did not.” Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement of John’s words.
“John!”
“Yeah, I’ll have the curry,” he sighed, watching as the pale man across the street stretched in the center of his living room. He wore a dark red dressing gown. John noted that it too had a dramatic flair. The man must be a bit of a drama queen, John thought to himself. His food order was on its way, but rather than get the money from his wallet, he continued to observe the curly haired man as he leapt onto the couch and threw himself on his back. He pressed his hands in mock prayer and pressed the tips of his fingers to his lips.
“Much. The headache is tolerable.”
John soothed Sherlock’s hair with his fingers and let Sherlock press his cheek into his shoulder. Tears left a wet spot in John’s button-down. Sherlock turned to look at him, eyes alight. John swiped his thumb over Sherlock’s cheeks.
All he could think of in that moment were John’s perfectly steady hands against his skin, rubbing along his ribs, thumbs grazing his nipples. Sherlock kicked his feet up to rest on the table. He could see John smiling darkly at him, knowing that he had the upper hand; Sherlock was at his mercy. John was nestled between his knees and nipped at the insides of Sherlock’s thighs through his soft pajama bottoms. He rose to his feet, leaning his body into Sherlock’s. He braced his arms on the sofa back and bracketed Sherlock’s head. Sherlock opened his mouth in a silent gasp when John ground his hips against Sherlock’s aching groin. John rocked into him while mouthing at his neck. Sherlock was climbing a hill fast, his heart racing against John’s chest, and was at the peak and ready to throw himself down the other side, when John pulled back.
“Oh, Sherlock,” she greeted. “It’s so nice to see that you’re up.”
“Well, I must ask him what those examples might be.” Mrs. Hudson shook her head.
It was definitely such a strange meeting, John thought to himself. How odd that he would be walking in Russell Square Gardens the same time that his old mate, Mike Stamford, was taking a break there. Mike had always been a cheery fellow, and it was a relief to see that not everything had changed since he’d been gone. John had to repeatedly tighten his hand around his cup of coffee to keep it from shaking. Mike hadn’t changed, but he could see how he had changed in Mike’s eyes.
“After work?”
Yet again, he was wrong.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pressing his palms in between his shoulder blades. Sherlock closed the gap and leaned into John. Their bodies melted together and their mouths fell open with tongues lapping at the inside of each other’s.
“Course I wasn’t. Biding my time. Knew you’d turn up.”
“How do you feel about the violin?”
“I am a bloody doctor, and I refuse to let my friend wake up to a bunch of strangers.” The man weighed his options and decided that it would be better to let the doctor ride with them if it meant avoiding a fight.
“Imagine what the press would do to you if this got out. Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Detective and Public Masturbator.”
“Right.” Sherlock was certainly feeling better to be so grumpy. John picked up his shoes from beside his chair and slipped them on. “Would you want me to pick up dinner?”
John sat in the car, staring out the front window as the DI drove. Lestrade glanced over at him from time to time, but he was a little nervous to ask what exactly had happened. It would be off the record for his mate’s sake, but he was hesitant to know the depth of John’s rage.
Sherlock led the way out of the station and waited for John by the kerb. “What were you two discussing so intimately?” John stopped behind Sherlock’s right shoulder and tried to see his face, but he kept turning away from John’s gaze.
“Be sure Ms. Hooper checks on the last row of corpses within the hour. I don’t need her botching one of my experiments.” The way he spoke was both elegant and clipped in baritone.
“All the way to 221B for some takeaway,” she repeated.
John took a quick sip of his water before going to check Sherlock’s room. He stepped into the kitchen and was stunned to see a dark curly haired figure sitting hunched over at their table. The usual cool crispness of their kitchen was different, almost sticky warm from humidity. John’s eyes fell on the water dripping from Sherlock’s coat to the growing puddle on the floor.
Sherlock didn’t move. He remained hidden by his collar. John felt along the wall for the switch and flooded the kitchen with overly bright light.
Sherlock hurriedly unbuttoned his shirt, throwing it in John’s chair and tearing off his undershirt. John opened his eyes at the flutter of energy in front of him and quickly followed suit. He was about to undo his pants when Sherlock gripped his wrist. Without letting go, Sherlock lowered himself to his knees, still clad in his tented black trousers. He released John’s hand and placed both around his waist, breathing heavily. John didn’t know what to do with his hands, letting them hover just above Sherlock’s head. Sherlock nuzzled at John’s clothed cock. He mouthed at the hard line in John’s jeans. Sherlock could no longer contain his energy and made quick work of John’s belt and jeans. John could hardly breathe.
“You know that doesn’t make me feel any better. I think you’ve proved time and time again that you’re the one the Yard should worry about.”
How surprisingly soothing John was against his skin- firm and delicate all the same. As they cautiously ascended the stairs to the flat, Mrs. Hudson discussed with John how several men had come through that morning with boxes of clothing and knickknacks.
Arms wrapped around his body and two hands pressed their palms to his chest. He tensed up against them. A familiar body pressed into his back. Relief washed over him. Lips grazed his neck.
A sob ripped through Sherlock suddenly. John moved toward him, but Sherlock shook his head clear of the embarrassment, gathered himself and laid the jumper on the bed. He took a deep breath and removed his trousers.
“Slower than I expected,” John murmured as he approached Sherlock.
John stared into Sherlock’s cool stare. He loved the way the ice in Sherlock’s eyes warmed in these little moments between them. No one would ever get the pleasure of seeing Sherlock’s unadulterated warm heart. He wished he could get a taste of Sherlock’s mind. John always wondered what it was like inside his head. Is it beautifully organized like Sherlock makes it seem, filing data away like a large hard drive, or what is as chaotic as he was?
“Seen a lot of injuries then- violent deaths.”
He placed the gun in the top drawer of the side desk with the loose pens and paper. The warmth of the metal left him feeling cold when he slid the drawer shut. He took a seat on the small bed with clasped hands. How he had managed to get himself here was beyond him. John didn’t believe in a god, but he couldn’t help but feel that he was being punished for all the lives he had taken and all the lives he had failed to save. The room was quiet save for the noise outside the window, but the silence felt deafeningly loud, and he could feel the pull toward his gun again. It wasn’t the first time he had felt it. So many nights listening to the groans of agony from his fellow soldiers in the infirmary made him wish that he could taste the gunpowder and oil from the muzzle. He had wondered if the death would be instant, or how much blood would be splattered across the wall. Of course, he knew the answers to those questions. He had seen it countless times. Bullets ripping through the air to pierce his friends through their foreheads. John had run over immediately, dodging enemy fire, to discover that they were already dead, but in that hospital bed, he thought that maybe it would be different for him. He knew otherwise. He was a doctor after all, but the thought remained until he was sent to London.
With Mary becoming part of John's life, he recalls the men who were there for him before she was.
“You’re not using that infernal cane. Your limp's psychosomatic as explained by your therapist.” John stopped and looked down at his leg.
Sherlock and Mycroft turned to John. The doctor couldn’t even believe what he said, but he said it, so he might as well go through with it.
Sherlock frowned. “Why?”
“But I can,” he purred, breath hot and smelling of tea and sugar. He pressed another soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips, cupping his face with both hands. Sherlock felt wrapped in cozy blanket. They separated once more and pressed their foreheads together.
“Can we finally do this properly,” he sighed. John answered by turning his head and meeting Sherlock’s soft lips. Their kisses were light and unhurried. Sherlock’s mouth was warm from the tea. John twisted his body to press his chest into the taller man, maneuvering his knee in between his legs. Sherlock opened his body to him.
Sherlock slid the buttons out and let the shirt slip to the floor. His heart hammered against his ribcage. John stared at his front, eyes grazing over the familiar stab wounds and bullet grazes he had stitched up himself. Sherlock could tell there were questions forming in his head.
“Sure it was!” Victor had stepped out of the shadows now. He slicked his brick-colored hair back with the rain. The freckles on his cheekbones had darkened over the years.
She had helped him lay off the booze and alleviated some of his sadness, but there was only so much she could do to patch up a broken man.
“Bring what you like, but I would very much like spring rolls.”
John quickly ran out, struggling to get his jacket on, and hailed a cab. When the familiar black door came into view, he jumped out, shoving bills into the cabbie’s hand before flying up the seventeen steps.
Sherlock chanted silently to himself, tears prickling behind his clenched eyes. How many times had he been in this same position growing up? He had thought he was being clever, but the other boys never understood and beat him until he could no longer breathe. That’s why he had taken care to train himself in various forms of self-defense, but there was no way he could fight back now, not with John. He had tried to keep him from Mary’s betrayal, but how could he now, knowing that Mary’s chances of survival were slim to none at this point. Sherlock tried so hard to save John from this, but he always had to mess it up, didn’t he?
“Tell me!” Sherlock’s voice carried down and across the street. Pedestrians made a wide birth around the heated man. John grabbed his hand firm enough to make sure he didn’t bolt. Sherlock yanked at his arm and settled after a couple tugs.
Outside, John hailed a cabbie and headed to his old flat. The landlord smiled sadly at him as he unlocked the door. Everyone pitied him when they found out why he was in London. He always got the same responses.
As Sherlock straightened himself and put his magnifier away, John went forward and placed his hand at the small of his back.
“What does your gun taste like?”
The shot rang through John’s ears as he ducked out of Roland-Kerr College. He had to get away fast enough so it didn’t seem like it was him who pulled the trigger at the cabbie. The image of Sherlock’s fingers, quaking around the pill, was burned in his mind as NSY gathered around the front. John slid off to the side as officers escorted Sherlock to the ambulance.
The many nights he had spent awake in fear that he would close his eyes and see that stare had all come crashing down. The earth fell sideways, and it was John who had been falling. Sherlock had been saying words, but all he could think was “two years.” He had mourned for two years; thought about jumping after Sherlock for two years; pressed the barrel of his Sig to his temple for two years, and yet, here he was, making light of everything in that socially awkward way of his.
His eyes were already feeling heavy when he reached for a tissue on his nightstand and wiped himself clean. John’s dreamless sleep melded into one of gunshots and disturbingly bright blue eyes.
Sherlock kept as still as possible next to him, trying his best to give the peace John wanted, but all Sherlock could think about was if he had done something to anger him the previous night or that morning. He ran through his memories of the last several hours and could come up with nothing that John would classify as “Not Good.” The night before, both of them had reached orgasm and cuddled until they fell asleep, so that was no reason for John to be so cross with him. Normally, weren’t sexually active couples in better moods after successful intercourse? Sherlock worried at his lower lip.
John gulped audibly. “For how long?”
“Now look who’s the romantic.”
Sherlock sat down with the fiercest glare he could muster. Victor smirked.
“No? Then maybe you’ve come to get your ass fucked like all those times before. Can you count the number of times you would crawl back here, begging for another hit, begging for my cock in your mouth? How many hands would you need to count the times?”
“Show me the sort of battle you have seen.” Sherlock’s heart sank. No one had seen them yet. He could hardly look at them in the mirror. He would be reminded of them when the damaged nerves would twinge, but he tried to his best to keep them hidden, not because of how they looked, but because they reminded him of the man he had become in those two years, savage and ruthless.
“I already said yes to your proposal,” John whispered. Sherlock straightened out of his slouch. “But I wanted to give you something to show the rest of the world that we’re more than just a team.”
“Your room,” Sherlock rasped. His throat burned with the words. He wanted water so badly.
John took a seat in the decently plush chair against the wall in the living room with the newspaper. It faced the window and gave him a pretty view of Sherlock Holmes, the curt violinist from across the way. He raised the paper up to cover his face, but no matter how much he wanted to read, or rather, pretend to read, he couldn’t manage to tear his eyes away from Sherlock. The man looked brilliant in the way he stood with his shoulders pinned back in that wonderfully tailored suit of his, dark curls surrounding and softening those sharp angles on his face.
Sherlock was required to take it easy and keep up with his medication. John had hoped that the next few days after his discharge would be quiet and boring, to say the least. Sherlock would be able to actually go through the stack of cold case files Lestrade brought him a while ago, but the familiar
Sherlock stood to leave when Lestrade leaned over his desk to grab his wrist. “Listen, Sherlock. I know you’re mad at John, and I don’t blame you. I think you should definitely make him work to get back into your good graces, but I think you’ve got to help him understand. I know we always tell you that, but with John, I think it’s best. You two are good for each other when you communicate well.”
With his head swimming in thoughts, he sat up, swaying a bit with the rush of blood. Sherlock recoiled the belt and went to put it in the exact spot John had left it in. His own breaths sounded like bees in his ears. He opened one of the drawers and ran his fingers over jumpers and button downs, reveling in the gentleness he normally associated with John. Sherlock slipped out of his worn tee and held a beige cable-knit sweater to his neck. John’s cheap soap clung to it with just a hint of his cologne and sweat. Sherlock pulled it over his head. His heated skin was smothered by the coolness of the jumper. Sherlock smoothed his hands over his hair.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, settling his hands on Sherlock’s knees. “What are you thinking about?”
John glanced up into the mirror at the corner and almost laughed at the lack of injury to his person. Victor lost the fight as soon as he withdrew his gun. Hell, he lost the fight as soon as John showed up.
“Too rough?” John asked with a nervous rub of his neck. Sherlock rolled his eyes with a smirk.
“It’s just-”
John peeled the vial out from the inside.
Lestrade rolled his eyes this time. “Okay, gimme.”
“I know you’re an Army doctor, and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you, but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.” John looks down at his leg and cane, readjusting his feet.
“As you should be,” John laughed. “But I am equal parts ridiculous.”
“Don’t you recall, Sherlock? All those delicious times we spent together playing pirates, solving mysterious cases of dead chipmunks, and hoping that your mummy wouldn’t catch us holding hands in the garden. Please tell me you remember, because if you don’t, you must not be the “Great Detective” everyone has made you out to be.”
Sherlock whipped back around in irritation. “Oh, what now? I’m in shock! Look, I’ve got a blanket!” He brandished the blanket, waving the sides about.
Sherlock wiped sweat from his temple with a quivering hand. “It is one of my prized possessions, not only for its value, but because it was gifted to me in university.”
John grinned. “For you, always.” Sherlock’s mouth opened in shock.
The next time Sherlock had a few hours to himself, he could do it. He would have enough time to fall from his high as well. Hopefully after that, he would be able to look at John without seeing his own blood spattered on his fists.
“As you are aware, your use of,” Sherlock started.
Sherlock thought back to when Victor had given it to him in the stairwell of their dormitory. He had kissed him when he handed the box over. Sherlock had almost thought that their relationship was something more than just drugs and sex. That thought didn’t last, however, as Victor brought out cocaine to snort and fucked him against the wall.
John unfolded the piece of paper Lestrade had given him with the address. He quickly dressed in a new undershirt. As he dressed, his hand did not waver. John smirked to himself and went to retrieve his Sig from the side table next to his bed.
“What do you mean?”
Expect some good ol' smut in the next chapter
Moriarty had the board set and the pieces where he wanted them. John was beyond irritated that Sherlock played along. The obsession with Moriarty was unbelievable- all because he was
Sherlock couldn’t bear the cruelty of that John as well. His only hope to rectify the John of his mind was to take the time to find that moment and properly delete it. To place it downstairs with Moriarty would mean that it would still be in his head- the deep recesses of his mind, but there nonetheless with the Napoleon of crime.
John glared up at him. “You didn’t tell me it was a bloody woman!”
“The same man you are now,” he whispered against his fingers.
Sherlock pressed his forehead to John’s. The height difference was shorter this time with him sitting on the armchair.
“Irritated,” he griped. The nurse laughed sweetly and retied his gown before taking her leave.
“Why are we here?”
How did he not notice the raised scratches across Sherlock’s bare chest, or hell, even the fact that Sherlock was shirtless? Sherlock’s abdomen was bruised and scratched more than he had ever seen. He had suffered stab wounds less gruesome.
“No thank you,” Sherlock hissed between gritted teeth.
I hope everyone is doing well!!! <3
John had woken up entangled in his sweat soaked sheets. He covered his ear where the words buzzed. He reached for the glass of stale whiskey and drank it whole. It took him almost a year to realize that Sherlock was never coming back. John could no longer wait for a man that would make him suffer for so long.
Sherlock’s chest caved in.
As John visits Sherlock more often after being shot, he considers his worth and what it means to those around him.
The corner of Sherlock’s lip quirked up. “You’re not as ordinary as you look.”
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, but this is much better.” Sherlock mouthed John’s neck as he worked at Sherlock’s buttons. When he slid the shirt from Sherlock’s pale shoulders, John stopped yet again.
When John had settled into his bedsit this morning, he had no idea that he would be returning to St. Bart’s after years to see about a flatshare. Mike hadn’t given him any details about who they were going to see, but as John handed the slim stranger with the well-tailored suit and dark curls his phone, he supposed there should have been some sort of introduction before this moment.
He was a man without motive.
“Do it, John!”
-Highly Suspect
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Hardly.”
“I want you to rest today. No cases or crime scenes for you.” Sherlock was about to protest, but one look at John’s face said otherwise. He was right, really, so he nodded once and went back to his biscuits. John kissed his cheek gently and said he would be right back before running to the linen closet to grab a spare duvet for Sherlock to keep around his thin body. John made sure Sherlock was still devouring biscuits before he pulled out his phone and texted Lestrade.
“Have any comments?”
He held the cup to his lips when something struck him in the gut. A sharp pain ran its way up to his sternum. He looked down and thought he might see a bullet wound or something of the kind, but he saw nothing. Nausea rolled through him and he couldn’t catch his breath. He still doesn’t know what made him look over into Sherlock’s flat, but he doesn’t regret it.
“I came to see how you were doing.”
“You can be such a freak sometimes,” John muttered through gritted teeth.
John didn’t say anything to that, just turned back around and walked. He had hoped that Sherlock would say yes, just so he could imagine meeting up with him in the afterlife, doing and saying all the things he wanted to now, but can’t find the courage or energy to do. Sherlock stacked his case files and placed them under his arm.
“Why are we here, John?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “By what? What could he possibly find depressing?”
“I’m afraid John is just frustrated, but return to your biscuits, Mrs. Hudson. I will handle it.” She stared at Sherlock. The sound of fabric tearing and angry sobs filled the flat as John slashed his armchair. “Please,” he whispered. Mrs. Hudson reluctantly stepped back onto the steps and rushed down. Sherlock turned back into the sitting room.
“Only if I was equally so,” Sherlock laughed. “I wouldn’t want to be caught solving cases with an old man.”
“Does it involve Sherlock?” John’s nostrils flared slightly.
“Doctor John Watson, and that’s quite alright.” Before anything else could be said, John quickly took off toward the grocery.
“Where’re you going?”
Sherlock was on a roll with his deductions. Within ten minutes of inspecting and sniffing the body, he had solved it like it should have been so obvious to the others, but of course, it wasn’t, and Sherlock nearly shone with the chance to explain why everyone was an idiot but himself. Sally Donovan hadn’t had the chance to call him names today as she was so busy staring at his face. Other than a few twinges of pain seen across his face, it seemed like Sherlock forgot about his bruised body. He did find it difficult to crouch down beside the body as his thighs pulled tight, but other than that, most of the pain he felt was nothing compared to the giddiness he felt investigating the body.
“So what do you say, Sherlock? Is the game on?”
“Keep your eyes fixed on me. Please, will you do this for me?”
“Count out for me.”
Well, at least now Mrs. Hudson couldn’t say anything about him not being there for Sherlock. John berated himself for letting his anger and disappointment in Sherlock get in the way of his judgement. He should have been in the back of the ambulance with him, but how could he when the sight of him reminded him of the half empty vial hidden in their bison skull. Sherlock may be incredibly thick-headed when it came to people, but he must have known that John would not take a cocaine discovery lightly, and yet, he still hid it. John leaned his head against the wall beside him. Why was Sherlock making things harder? All John wanted to do was make a smooth transition from friends to lovers. He thought that it would be so easy, considering how close they were prior to John’s marriage, but Sherlock was being his usual self. He really shouldn’t have been surprised. How many times would they have to talk about themselves just to get a more intimate relationship going? John had stopped going to therapy. The last thing he wanted was to have to talk about his
“You’re calling John.”
This isn’t how breakups have happened to John, ever. Usually, there are a lot more raised voices and crying. Is this part of what being with a male partner is about, or is this only Sherlock? He wouldn’t know.
The first stop will be to Harry’s flat for sure.
do-over. I never want to forget all the memories we’ve already made, even the bad ones. Just — can we start from the beginning? You and me, in a lab, chasing down the rest of the world.”
The music switches up to a song Sherlock doesn’t recognise, but the crowd roars out the lyrics and Sherlock suddenly feels very old. It’s been so long since he has ever been somewhere like this.
Thank you again to the wonderful SherlockWatson_Holmes for their wonderful beta work and to the fandom for allowing me to grow as a writer. As always, comments and kudos are glorious.
