Addictions did that. Made you feel like you were in power and everything was under your control until suddenly, the rug was pulled out from under you and everything was crumbling around you.
“Everything okay?” Sarah asked, smiling. He smiled back at her, though it was more than a little forced.
Sherlock sat up, bringing their mouths back together and pushed his hands under John’s shirt. He felt the definition of John’s muscles from rugby, and got impossibly harder.
“Who is this?” he asked, his eyes on the security camera trained on him. He was sure that was what the man was referring to.
“Oh it’s yes, you’re right, I’m sure your arse is sore for
“John please, if you don’t want me to come in my pants, you have to stop,” he said, his voice low and rough and so sexy, that John thought he might come from the sound alone.
When John entered the room, Sherlock was sprawled on the bed, naked, with a bottle of lube in his hand. He shoved it at John with a pleading look on his face.
“Really? Is that so?” he asked, pressing himself closer to Sherlock, looping an arm around the thin boy to give his arse a squeeze.
Both boys let out strangled moans. John ran a hand down Sherlock's smooth back before slowly starting to move. He lightly thrust in and out of Sherlock, not wanting to hurt him.
Sherlock collapsed on his bed, groaning. Just when everything seemed to be going splendidly.
“Thanks,” he replied, wishing he could remember her name. She seemed like a nice girl. “Would it be too much to ask for you to not tell Bill about this?” She smiled slyly at him, tucking a piece of dark brown hair behind her ear.
For a few seconds Sherlock considered lying and saying that he did need a place to stay, just for the excuse to stay at John’s flat again, but he pushed the thought from his mind. If he didn’t come home at all, Mycroft might become curious and decide to investigate whose flat Sherlock had been sleeping in. the thought of Mycroft investigating into John was unacceptable.
“Oh, good morning John, Sherlock, sorry about…earlier,” he said his cheeks turning rosy. “This is Lestrade, I just met him through some friends and we hit it off,” Mike said, gesturing to the tall man standing nearby. Sherlock flicked his eyes up and down him once.
“Well, I wouldn’t have to get it from Mike if I ever got the chance to talk to you,” she said, sidling up close to John. He suddenly remembered his plans to ask her out again. The more he talked to Sherlock the more he realized that that was never going to happen.
“Can’t do what?” John asked slowly, not daring himself to hope. He knew that if he got his hopes up, only for them to be crushed again he wouldn’t survive it—he just wouldn’t. Sherlock looked down at his hands and John noticed for the first time that they were shaking. He wanted to look at Sherlock’s pupils to see if he was high, but he wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“What do people normally say?”
“No, that was it,” he said. John nodded, handing Sherlock his shirt back. He slipped it on, yet couldn’t make his newly bandaged broken fingers close the buttons. After watching him struggle for a few moments, John gently took over, working his way up. By the time he reached the buttons near the top of Sherlock’s chest, John was breathing somewhat heavily and his face was flushed. He looked up to find Sherlock staring at him and was unable to look away. Their faces were so close to each other, Sherlock could feel John’s breath on his lips. He saw John’s eyes flicker down to his lips and felt his own breath quicken.
“Stop being a child, Sebastian and give me my phone back,” he said impatiently.
“I’m to take you home,” the woman said into her phone. John looked at her, then to the car, and smiled tightly.
lips; was one of the best sights he had ever seen.
He got about two flashcards in, when the door opened with its cheerful
“So…carefully,” Sherlock finally said, his voice no louder than a sigh.
“No, Sherlock don’t just brush this off, I’m serious. I have lived with my sister for long enough to know that the cycle of an addict is nothing I want to be a part of.”
“Yes,” he answered in a clipped voice.
“Were you watching me sleep?” he asked, his voice still fuzzy. Sherlock worried for a moment that watching him sleep might be one of those things that he considered “not good,” but then he caught the soft smile playing on his lips and relaxed.
“I know, I know,” he said, fighting hard to keep his face serious.
After they left, there were a few seconds of silence, except for the bacon still sizzling on the stove. Sherlock peered at it.
The day after, however, John had a date with Sarah Sawyer, the pretty girl who worked with him at the coffee shop, and the mysterious boy was pushed from his mind.
Hello my lovelies!! Long time, no update and as always I am full to bursting with excuses none of which matter because I am here now!! As an extra reward for being extra super duper patient this chapter is like double the size of all the other ones so there please don't hate me :)
“I know it’s fine. And no, no boyfriend.” John nodded, relieved. He would have pressed further, but at that moment a customer walked in.
“Excuse me, I’ll have you know that I have an IQ of over 190”—
“Sherlock, wait,” John cut through the rambling, fighting to keep a smile off his face, hope bubbling up inside him despite his best efforts. Sherlock looked so flustered and adorable, John just wanted to kiss him. And he was starting to think that what Sherlock was trying to say was that he would like that, too. “Tell me what you want.”
mused Sherlock, as he flicked the lights off in the bathroom and made his way to his bedroom. He knew that John was attracted him—that was painfully obvious. Sometimes he even thought that he cared for him. Sherlock shook his head.
Until next week my lovelies!! (Let's hope I get it right this time)
“Christ, that’s terrifying. I’ve really got to go. Thanks, Sherlock, but don’t you dare go through my stuff!” he called before jogging to the street, hailing a cab, glad that he had a passcode on his computer. He sincerely hoped Sherlock remembered which flat was his and didn’t accidently break into another person’s flat and give them all their groceries.
So it had to happen soon.
“John, please, it was nothing,” Sherlock said, closing his eyes so he didn’t have to stare into that dark blue gaze anymore. Their faces were mere centimeters apart, and Sherlock, despite everything, found himself dying to lean in and close the distance.
“You reacted…particularly well when I touched your hair,” John said, running his hand through it again. Sherlock closed his eyes and visibly had to stop himself from melting into John. He bit his lip to keep the sound inside, but John kissed the lip free from his teeth, shivering when Sherlock whimpered into his mouth. “Don’t try stop that noise, please.”
“Okay, so why were you waiting for me in front of a Tesco? How did you know I would be here anyway?”
“Then get up here and we can get started on that,” John said, a wicked gleam in his eyes. Sherlock crawled his way back up John’s body, stopping to drop a kiss wherever he deemed one necessary. John rolled them over so Sherlock was on his back and then reached over to his nightstand for the lube. John kissed his way down Sherlock’s chest, stopping only to pay special attention to his nipples, knowing Sherlock was sensitive there, and loving how breathy his voice got when he spent extra time there.
“No, John, Florida as in the UK,” Sherlock replied, and John couldn’t help but huff out a dry laugh.
He slid out of bed, stumbling a bit when his head spun from standing too quickly. He located all of his clothes and put them on, ignoring the ache in his arse. It was a good kind of ache, but it made him think of John.
They reached John’s flat quickly enough, though they weren’t walking very fast, preferring to stroll and enjoy the night.
With (slightly) trembling fingers, Sherlock presented his ticket and passport to the bored looking security guard. Sherlock didn’t blame her for being bored, as he looked around the room there was absolutely nobody of any interest at all. For the amount of security that went into flying, he was standing in a room with a very limited amount of people who were even remotely capable of blowing up a plane, and Sherlock was one of them. Most of the others were security guards.
"I'm not going to make up the stairs," he said. John smirked.
“Christ, you’re tight,” he grunted, adjusting himself with his free hand. His trousers were getting uncomfortably tight.
“Sherlock,” he said, holding the younger boy’s gaze. He carefully pressed the cotton swab against the cut on Sherlock’s forehead with steady hands. Sherlock hissed in a breath at the sting. “Was it someone from school?”
The fourth encounter happened in the coffee shop once again. Sherlock came in just as he had done before, but there was something different about him this time. When he walked up to the counter John noticed his pupils were dilated—not that John was looking at his eyes, because he wasn’t, really—and his hands were shaking.
"John, that was fantastic," said Sherlock, taking a deep breath. John, now laying across Sherlock's chest, having pulled his limp cock out of Sherlock, hummed in agreement. Sherlock let his eyes drift shut, wrapping his arms around the shorter man, not caring that both of them were covered in each other's come. John did the same, loving the feeling of being close to Sherlock.
“Was it?” he asked.
However, realizing he was gay had done nothing to convince him that he wasn’t a high function sociopath. That had come later, when he had had a conversation with John and realized that it wasn’t just physical attraction that drew him to the shorter man. At the time, he hadn’t known what to feel about it.
"Bedroom, Sherlock. Now," John growled into the taller man's ear before biting down on it. Sherlock gasped, and grabbed John's hand, pulling him to Sherlock's room.
"One," he said somewhat shakily. Again, John snapped his wrist, a little harder this time. He could already see the welts forming on the detective's fair skin. His own cock ached in response.
John moaned so loudly he was quite certain the neighbors were able to hear, and would have cared, but then Sherlock swallowed around the tip of his cock and he moaned again, louder.
“Yes, he would,” John replied, eager to hear how Lestrade knew his name. Lestrade let out a laugh.
“Then we won’t make it awkward,” Sherlock said simply. He was a little confused as to why this same subject was being brought up again. It wasn’t like they were especially close friends—at least not by John’s standards, by Sherlock’s standards, anyone who he didn’t hate could be considered a close friend. But John had so many friends. What use did he have for a cold, strange freak, three years his junior?
About a half hour later, Sherlock strode into the coffee shop, shaking raindrops from his curls. He smiled when he saw John, and John tried not to hyperventilate at the sight of Sherlock, with raindrops still glistening on his eyelashes and his cheeks rosy with the cold, smiling at him.
His phone buzzed when he was leaving and he looked down to see, with some surprise that John had texted him.
do it in the most dramatic way possible. Mycroft gave a small, dry chuckle, even though he clearly wasn’t amused.
A combination of starting college, and participating (and winning!) NaNoWriMo had led me to wanting to quit on our boys like the horrible trash person I am. Fear not, however, things have slowed down and I'm back at it! (hopefully for real this time, but no promises)
“You’ll get home okay?” John asked. Sherlock nodded.
refuse.
“Please,” Sherlock breathed, his eyes so full of want. John knew how difficult it was for Sherlock to open up to people, how rarely he actually showed what he wanted without any walls as he was doing for John now, and he suddenly found that he couldn’t breathe because it seemed that his heart grew to take up all the room in his chest. He gently tugged Sherlock’s pants down, uncovering his porcelain skin inch by inch.
After they got dressed, they entered the kitchen once more to see Mike eyeing their bacon quite hungrily.
John came home that evening to find his refrigerator was full of the groceries he had bought earlier that day and sighed with relief. He quickly went to his room to change into his work uniform and saw a slip of paper on his bed with a phone number and his computer passcode written on it. Underneath was written, “did you really think I couldn’t crack it?” and I smiley face. John chuckled when he saw the note.
He wasn’t quite sure what it was about Sherlock that interested him so much. John had known for quite some time that he was bisexual, so the idea of being attracted to a man wasn’t alarming, but it was so much more than just a physical attraction. Though he was attractive, of course, with cheekbones higher than Mt. Everest, and full pouty lips, and his arse, dear god, that arse was going to kill John if it didn’t get him fired first. But it was more than that. Maybe it was air of mystery and chaos that surrounded him that seemed to be the perfect thing to break the monotony of the John’s cookie-cutter life.
“Buggering fuck, I do. Hey, Sherlock, be a mate and take these groceries over to my flat—you remember where it is, yeah?” John asked. He had ten minutes to get to a class that was across London. Sherlock took the grocery bags, looking uncertain.
“You aren’t very frightening,” John answered, his fists clenching themselves at his sides. Mycroft gave that dry, unamused chuckle once more.
, like a
“Now if you had some hard evidence that would support that, I would be happy to listen to you Mr. Holmes. Until then, I would ask that you keep your speculations to yourself.”
“Sherlock, please,” he finally said. Sherlock looked up and smirked.
Sherlock had just half second warning before his fist collided with his nose. Another fist connected with his stomach and he curled into himself, blinded by tears and pain. The other boys crowded around him, kicking, punching, shouting. Doing whatever they could to break him down.
“Yes well, you certainly appear to have lasted longer than the other ones, I’ll give you that,” Mycroft observed, and John tried not to panic. What other ones? “Do you plan to continue your association with my brother?”
John slipped a hand into Sherlock’s, lacing their fingers together, and pulling away just enough to make eye contact again, feeling a shiver down his spine as he did so. Sherlock’s eyes were so beautiful, the pupils blown so wide he felt as though if he looked hard enough he could see directly into Sherlock. He reached a hand down to lazily pull at Sherlock’s cock in time with his thrusts. Sherlock moaned, and John licked it right from his mouth, unable to stop a moan in response when Sherlock clenched around him.
“Er—right,” said John, trying not to laugh. He wasn’t quite sure how he ended up in this situation, but he was glad he did, even if his table did get destroyed. “Maybe call and leave an anonymous tip? They do that, right?”
“What are you doing here? Go away,” he said petulantly. The man sighed impatiently.
“Well, yes, we should do that,” he replied. Sherlock sighed and visibly kept himself from rolling his eyes. John giggled once more.
By the time Sherlock worked his way down John’s chest both were panting and aching. He slid off John’s trousers and pants, greedily devouring John with his eyes. John couldn’t help squirming under Sherlock’s intense gaze, but his erection never faltered.
Sherlock lay there for a few moments, collecting himself. A few people passed him, but none stopped to help. He tried not to think about the fact that most of them probably relished the sight of him on the ground, beaten up and crying. He stood finally, on shaking legs. He picked up his phone and found that it was, somewhat miraculously, still working. Not knowing what else to do, he tapped on John’s contact. He didn’t want to go home, and the place he went to when he didn’t want to be home was the coffee shop. However, the coffee shop held no appeal to him without John.
It was all quite distracting.
“Because, Sherlock, you’re underage and—Jesus Christ Sherlock, how old are you?” John asked, suddenly stopping. He had thought that Sherlock was eighteen at least.
“Fuck,” he exclaimed as Sherlock’s tight heat engulfed him.
“Don’t think you’re getting off that easy though, we're talking about this,” John said firmly. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Some trigger warnings: mentions of drug usage and addictions
“Yes, I should be getting home as well. No doubt Mycroft has already heard about this and is dying to gloat,” Sherlock said, wiping his sweaty palms on his trousers and standing on shaky legs.
“Look at you, you look beautiful. So desperate for me. You were a good boy, weren’t you? You didn’t touch yourself? I know how you like to misbehave.”
The plane ride was dull, as was expected, but Sherlock brought a book about honey bees that had some fascinating up close photographs of the bees and their hives. Mrs. Hudson took one of her “herbal soothers” and fell asleep immediately. She rested her head on Sherlock’s shoulder, which meant that he couldn’t move his arm very comfortably, but he didn’t mind. There was one interesting moment when a couple, unbeknownst to all the other passengers, had sex in the bathroom of the plane.
“Are you finally done?” Sherlock asked, winding his long arms around John’s waist in a way that said that he wasn’t letting him go even if he wasn’t.
“Oh, yes, I had a great night, thanks for asking. Though probably not as good as yours…” he trailed off with a seemingly innocent expression, and John fought to keep a smile off his face. He should have known Mike wasn’t going to make this easy for him.
I won't pretend to know when the next update will be, but i promise it's coming!
The rest of the class was dreadfully boring, and as soon as the bell rang, dismissing them, Sherlock immediately pulled out his phone. Before he could open the text, however, it was snatched from his grasp by Sebastian Wilkes, surrounded by a small crowd of boys.
“Jesus,” John murmured quietly, breaking the silence first. Sherlock huffed an amused breath into John’s shoulder, but didn’t reply, unsure of how to ask if that was what sex was supposed to be, or if that was truly as incredible as it had felt.
How John had survived that hour and half torture was a mystery to him. He couldn’t simply get up and walk away because what if Sherlock did recognize him and said something to him? He was unprepared and off-balance and not in any way in the right frame of mind to control himself enough to have a normal conversation.
“I am not about to bugger you in this chair. We’re going to my flat,” he said, smiling as he felt Sherlock shudder at the words.
"Count for me. We will do seven." John said, and with no more warning, snapped his wrist, hearing the smack of the crop on the skin just below Sherlock's arse. The taller man moaned, rutting against the air in a futile attempt to find friction for his leaking, throbbing cock.
“Fuck,” John exclaimed, looking down at Sherlock, who had stopped with John’s cock in his throat, and looked up at John. He cursed again, the sight of Sherlock looking up at him with his beautiful eyes, his gorgeous lips stretched around his prick, almost too much. Sherlock had never sucked his cock before, and for the life of him, John couldn’t figure out why, as Sherlock expertly worked him with his mouth, tonguing at all the sensitive parts, pulling back just enough to run his tongue over his slit lightly.
The first time John saw Sherlock, he had only been working at Speedy's Coffee Shop for a few days. The tall boy had flounced in and muttered his order.
Or, even worse, what Sherlock didn’t recognize him?
“Um, buying it? So that I can drink it?” John said, the statement coming out more as a question.
“Anything for you, my darling,” John replied, and Sherlock could feel his face move into a smile against his own cheek. “What kind of jelly would you like for your toast?”
"Ssh, you're a good boy," said John comfortingly, stroking the crop down is back and tickling his balls. Sherlock threw his head back and shut his eyes, his thick cock leaking precome onto the floor of his room.
“Oh, of course!” scoffed Mike, throwing his hands in the air. “I have to get to class, John, you deal with this!”
A few minutes later when the customer had left, John turned back to his phone and found he had a text from Sherlock. He tapped it open, trying not to get too embarrassingly excited.
“Hello?” she said.
“What are you doing with that?” Sherlock asked, disgusted. John gave the gallon of milk he was holding a bewildered look. It didn’t have a better idea of what Sherlock was talking about than John did.
"Jesus," John muttered. Sherlock smirked.
“No thanks,” he said, “I’ll take a cab.”
Until next time friends!
brother, and John had only met him once, and that hardly made him an expert on Mycroftian emotions.
In John’s opinion, they ended up spending a pleasant morning together indeed, and he even exchanged numbers with Lestrade so they would be able to keep in touch later. He asked if Sherlock would be able to call him with any more of his tips, and Lestrade laughed, even though John wasn’t entirely joking. He decided that he would go ahead and take that as a yes anyway, and made a mental note to ask Sherlock his thoughts on some recent unsolved crimes. It would be a good, healthy thing for Sherlock to distract himself with, and he was, apparently, quite good at it.
It was horribly distracting. It was hard enough for John to do his job with Sherlock always looking gorgeous in the corner, but the way he was acting was making significantly more difficult.
“Have you got any more of those biscuits?” he asked.
“What kind of jelly would you like for your toast?”
Once he was out of the kitchen and away from prying eyes he pulled his phone out.
“Yes, yes of course it was, it was amazing.”
After the experiment, he had had sex only a handful of more times. Twice, he ran out of money for drugs, so he gave his dealer a blowjob. A few times he actually encountered a person who had made him want to. Though that was a rare occurrence, and the urge always faded after they were done.
“Now, look what you’ve done, you’ve given me hard-on right before I have to leave. You need to be punished for your insolence, Soldier.” Sherlock made a high-pitched keening sound that he would have been dreadfully ashamed of, had he been able to process any thought besides that of John Watson’s cock.
“In exchange for what?” John asked.
“Hey mate, you okay? Want a refill?” John approached somewhat hesitantly, holding out the pot of coffee like a peace offering. Sherlock turned and glared at John under thick dark lashes.
“More, Captain,” Sherlock gasped, clenching around John’s cock. John picked up the pace, brushing over Sherlock’s prostate with every hard thrust. “Harder, please.”
He licked a long, experimental stripe from the root to the tip, swirling his tongue around the head. Sherlock groaned, arching off the bed. John smirked, loving how responsive Sherlock was. After a moment of simply holding the head of Sherlock's cock in his mouth, he slowly began sucking lightly on it, bobbing his head.
“Airport security is ridiculous,” he said, leaning down closer to Mrs. Hudson’s ear. She giggled at him.
Yet John knew the reason, even if he didn’t want to admit it, even to himself. Sherlock Holmes had somehow weaseled his way into his mind and now he wasn’t coming out. He had only had one conversation with him, yet John couldn’t get him out of his mind. He was still in high school, for Christ’s sake. Just thinking about it made John feel uncomfortable.
John felt Sherlock flutter around him and knew that he was close.
Yet by this point, Sherlock knew there was no point in arguing with John when his voice got like that, so he merely rolled his eyes at him.
“Aren’t you going to answer, Mr. Watson?” she asked, nodding to the payphone. “My boss does hate to wait.” John looked from her to the phone and back again, before marching to the phone apprehensively.
“You could do better—she has chlamydia,” Sherlock said somewhat dismissively.
“Then what were you planning on doing with it?” John asked, finally raising his gaze to Sherlock’s face. What he saw there must have convinced him of something, because he relaxed his iron grip on Sherlock’s arm and cast a look around to make sure no one noticed the employee who had almost completely lost his temper in the middle of the coffee shop.
“Oh, thank
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock I’m at work, I can’t do this right now,” he said. Sherlock’s only reply was to continue kissing his way down John’s jaw stubbornly. “Sherlock I’m serious.”
“Because as boring as it may be, it’s necessary and”—
The relief was momentary, however, and within seconds, he was back in his hell. His cock was aching and he could feel it throbbing in time with his heartbeat.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You've done this before, right?" John asked, suddenly unsure. As much as he wanted this to happen, he didn't want to hurt the younger boy. Sherlock threw a scathing look over his shoulder.
“I’m your friend. You know that, right? And you’re my friend,” he said. Sherlock nodded slightly, both surprised and touched. John was his friend. “Now, come on, we need to go to the bathroom, I need to look at your other injuries.” John stood, before reaching down and helping Sherlock.
John shook his head, slightly disgusted with himself. He was three years older than him, for Christ’s sake. He often forgot that when they were talking, because Sherlock acted so much older than his age, but still, he wasn’t even old enough to drink yet. John tried to keep his thoughts directed solely on coffee, feeling like a pervy old man.
When he arrived at the coffee shop, he clambered out gratefully, throwing some bills at the cabbie, hoping it would be enough. It appeared to be, because he sped off without a word.
Unless Sherlock wanted a relationship.
“Nothing, I’ve just never…” he trailed off, looking uncomfortable. “Never mind.” John brought himself closer to Sherlock so their faces were mere centimeters apart.
“If you’re right, we shall re-examine the evidence and act as we see fit,” the man replied.
“Yes, John, right there, again,” he exclaimed, and John quickly avoided it, simply because Sherlock had told him what to do. “Bastard.”
The hardest part, he thought, would be finding a new coffee shop that was open until two in the morning. It was going to be horribly inconvenient to only come to this one whenever John wasn’t working.
“John,” Sherlock said, and it sounded like a sigh, like a puff of breath that had been held in for so long and now had to be released—it couldn’t be kept in any longer. John thought he heard something like longing in it, but he figured that could have been wishful thinking.
He unbuttoned Sherlock’s ridiculously tight shirt roughly, kissing his way down the newly exposed skin eagerly. He had seen his chest quite a few times when he had been patching him up after the fight, and had been dying to get his lips on it every time. Now that he finally could he would take advantage of the opportunity in every way he could. He kissed his way down sharp collarbones and stopped to nibble softly at birthmarks.
A shiny black car slid to a smooth stop next to John. He glanced at it curiously then kept walking.
know all of that?” he said. Sherlock smirked.
“John!” yelled Sherlock, seeing stars as. John pulled out slowly, letting Sherlock feel every ridge and every vein. He watched as dark curls spread out on the white pillow as Sherlock threw his head back and as sweat glistened over his smooth skin.
“What is it?” she asked.
Sherlock seemed perfectly content with remaining friends, but John knew that would only spell disaster. He knew he had feelings for Sherlock. Feelings of a more…romantic variety. Becoming fuck-buddies (just thinking the word gave John a bad taste in his mouth, but he forced himself to think it anyway) with the boy he had feelings for was just
“So then why did you burn my table? If you’re not going to tell the police, then what was the point?” he asked, getting slightly angry. Sherlock looked at the table disinterestedly.
“You already know my story, you got it all from Sarah Sawyer after the first time you saw me in here,” he replied, rolling his eyes.
This chapter was particularly difficult to write (for reasons quite unknown, The Inspiration had decided to abandon me until I would literally have rather been writing anything else), so hopefully the next one will come easier.
As always, I love love love hearing from you guys either on here, or you can stop by and chat with me on tumblr at astronautsxandxaliens.tumblr.com
He could see himself dating Sarah, falling in love with her. He could see it like a picture—ten years from now, both of them doctors, with a couple of kids in a house in the country, Sherlock and the dingy coffee shop they used to work at, both distant memories they like to laugh about every now and then.
“There are so many possibilities…so many things to do with that information,” he said, licking his lips with a laugh.
“Get in, Mr. Watson,” she said, without looking up. He clenched his fists at his sides and gave her a slightly amused glance.
“Very good, thanks. And you?” he responded in kind, and watched as Mike’s face, so much more expressive than that of the man currently sleeping his room, shifted in amusement.
“Alright, I’m going to need you to take off your shirt, is that okay?” John asked, worriedly. “Just to make sure you didn’t do any harm to ribs, okay?” Sherlock nodded, sitting up on the counter, and started undoing the buttons of his shirt with shaking fingers. It didn’t help that they ached and Sherlock was quite sure at least two of them were broken.
Sherlock looked down at his phone and smiled. Trust John to pick the perfect time to text. He was about to enter English—his least favorite class. He slumped down in his usual seat in the back and quickly began typing out a response to John.
The third encounter didn’t happen in the coffee shop, oddly enough, but in the uni library. John had decided to get some studying done on his day off and had looked up from his organic chemistry to see a very familiar curly dark head bent over a thick textbook, scribbling notes without even lifting his eyes from the page. John had reacted in a very mature, adult manner—by lifting up his book so it stood vertically on the table and hiding behind it, peeking around it occasionally.
He considered sitting in his normal armchair, but the very idea bored him. He had been hoping that John would be able to distract him from the engulfing, mind-eating boredom. It was the sort of boredom that had led to the drugs, and ordinarily, Sherlock would not have fought so hard to stay clean, but his friendship with John was new and exciting and he wanted to keep it for as long as possible. Sherlock worried that John’s disapproval of drugs would make him leave if he knew Sherlock was using again.
In fact, he really had no good reason to not go out with Sarah. Sherlock was completely unattainable, not to mention about three years younger than him, so his ridiculous crush was just that—ridiculous and never going to happen. The picture with Sarah was ten years off—going a few dates with her wouldn’t change anything,
“Why not?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, I’d heard,” Mycroft said drily, fixing Sherlock with a stare that said he knew all about the alcohol Sherlock had “hidden” and he knew just who had bought it. Sherlock held his gaze with an innocent expression.
“Sherlock, I don’t want your money. Jesus, how much is in here? Take this back, I don’t want it,” John said. He was quite positive he had seen at least two fifty pound notes. Sherlokc waved a hand dismissively scanning the alcohol aisle.
“Yeah, but like I said—wicked smart. He knows it too, though. Rude as hell. We don’t get payed enough for me to try and be friendly with him, if you ask me.” John chuckled halfheartedly, thinking hard. Sarah didn’t seem to notice his preoccupation, however, as they were just hit with a wave of customers and were far too busy to continue talking. However, John kept looking over the corner, his interest piqued.
"Tall, black, two sugars," he said with practiced ease. After a few moments, he stated, "you're new here."
“Sherlock,” John said in a strangled voice. The younger boy paid no mind to him and continued his journey down John’s neck.
“Not a problem”—
“Hang on, you want me buy you alcohol just to annoy your brother? Sherlock, how much do you think I make at that damn coffee shop? I still have to buy a new table because you burned the other one!” Sherlock stuffed his hands into his coat pocket and pulled out a crumpled wad of bills.
“I’m not hungry, but it’s okay because you eat enough for two anyway,” Sherlock replied, his voice muffled by the pillow.
Came the reply, seconds later. John smiled.
John rolled over slowly, carefully, so Sherlock’s head resting against his bicep instead. Looking at Sherlock, John sighed softly, trying to keep from grinning. Sherlock looked so soft and young in his sleep. The sharp, hard lines of his face smoothed, and for the first time, John could see the seventeen-year-old in his friend.
“That girl over there has been eyeing you all night and is planning on giving you her number.” John looked over at the girl in question and shrugged.
“I don’t know how to thank you enough,” Mrs. Hudson said over plates of sushi. Sherlock shrugged, trying to look as though he wasn’t preening on the inside.
“Gone slow, taken you apart, piece by piece, shown you exactly how much you mean to me,” John said, his eyes boring into Sherlock, neither of them able to look away. Sherlock shivered at the imagery. Sherlock was still for a moment, then he seemed to come to a decision.
“Well, carry on,” he said, gesturing to himself. Sherlock hesitated.
“What a villain,” John said, rolling his eyes.
“Oh John, you insult me. As if there were any chance I haven’t already deduced every single thing that turns you on,” he said, looking up at John from underneath thick eyelashes innocently.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied, standing as well, thinking that there wasn’t much that could pull him away from John’s side at that moment. Especially after the bright smile John gave him when he heard the answer. John stood in his tiptoes to kiss him again, sliding his hands under the large coat to pull him closer.
"Sherlock Holmes," he corrected, "close, though." John thought about replying but at that moment Sherlock had twisted his wrist in a particularly wicked way and it stole the words right from his mouth.
"Please, John. I want you inside of me. Lube is in the bedside table." Sherlock was squirming with want, twisting his hands in the sheets to keep from touching himself. John reached to the bedside table to get the lube. He applied it to his fingers and ran a finger around the tight ring of muscle. Sherlock gasped, thrusting into the air. John finally pushed a finger in. Both men gasped. Sherlock, at the sudden intrusion, and John at the tight, wet heat that engulfed his finger. Smirking, John crooked his fingers, glad that his medical knowledge allowed him to find the other man's prostate with ease. He finished stretching him quickly, excited as he was to be inside of Sherlock. He rubbed lube onto his cock and eagerly placed the head at Sherlock's entrance. With a moan, he thrust into the detective's wet heat. Sherlock arched up, scrabbling his hands on the sheets.
“Yeah, fine, just in a shitty mood is all. Have we got any biscuits left?”
“When did you get into Florida? I need you to tell the police that we spent today together,” he said his voice surprisingly casual for someone asking their unloving wife to help cover up a double murder. Mrs. Hudson looked at Sherlock with something wicked in her eye and something almost like a smile in her lips. He grinned back at her, the second real smile since he ended things with John (not that he was keeping count or anything).
“And aren’t you just overjoyed about it?” Sherlock asked, smirking slightly. He watched the look of hatred spread over his professor’s ordinarily kind face, and found himself picturing the look of disappointment that would be on John’s face if he had seen the exchange.
“I thought you said you were clean?” John asked, not quite sure what to make of Sherlock Holmes, standing in his kitchen in his wrinkled clothes, hair a complete mess with a bit of ash on his nose, waving his hands around like a loon.
“No, John! Please, I was such a good boy for you, please,” Sherlock said, struggling to stand up on shaky legs and all but crawling to where John stood. He kneeled next to the shorter man and pressed his face into John’s thigh, smelling him.
So i'm thinking of perhaps making this into a series? Let me know what you guys think!
Of course he wouldn’t be so lucky.
“Ran into some trouble,” Sherlock said, wincing.
His lips were soft, so soft, and there was really no reason that one touch of his tongue should have that effect on John. John gently bit into that full bottom lip, like he had dreamed about consistently since the moment when he had first seen it. Sherlock gave a breathy moan that made John’s knees weak. With one last lick into that sinful mouth, John pulled away, smirking at Sherlock’s small whimper. It was a sound he knew Sherlock would never have made intentionally, and perhaps the taller boy didn’t even know that John had heard it, so he simply smirked and said nothing.
TW: as stated above, this chapter is basically just smut. Sherlock is 3 years younger than John, so if any of that squicks you out, you can probably just skip this chapter, there really isn't any plot.
“Take yours off too,” Sherlock said, ignoring the blush, as well, as John’s smirk. John lifted his arms and allowed Sherlock to take his shirt off for him, wishing he had thought to go to the gym recently, and had cut back a bit on the takeaway.
“I suppose I could make do,” he replied, kissing the smile from John’s lips.
“Mike, shut up,” John replied. Before suddenly remembering the night before (well, that same morning really). “Fuck,” he said softly. He stumbled out of bed pulling on a shirt over his pants and padded out into the hall.
When all but the tip was in Sherlock, he thrust in again, and Sherlock cursed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, I don't know. You were being very bad today. I think you deserve to be punished." John bit down on Sherlock's neck, causing another moan to escape the taller man's lips.
And yet, he couldn’t bring himself to fake another smile for her, he couldn’t bring himself to force himself to spend time with her and pretend that everything was going great, and he couldn’t bring himself to go out with her, when what he really wanted was Sherlock.
“When we get back to London, I’m never coming back to Florida; it really is a horrible state,” she said, looking around in distaste. Sherlock’s lips twitched in amusement.
"Now, the game is on."
Yet, John knew he wouldn’t refuse. After last night, seeing and feeling how excellent sex with Sherlock Holmes really was, if Sherlock came to him again and asked to have sex again, John knew he wouldn’t refuse. He knew he
“What happened?” he asked, pouring a few drops of rubbing alcohol onto a cotton swab. Sherlock tried to shrug, and then winced.
He shrugged and hailed a cab to go anyway, as he didn’t know what else to do. For the life of him, he couldn’t remember what it was that he did before he met John.
“Morning, John,” Mike said from behind the morning paper when John entered the kitchen. John merely grunted in response, making a beeline for the kettle. “Oi, alright mate?” Mike asked.
When John walked back to his spot behind the counter, a customer walked in.
"Yes, John," Sherlock almost whined. "Yes, I am yours. All yours. Please, please."
“Hi, Mike,” John said, fighting to ignore the fierce blush climbing up his cheeks. He cleared his throat. “You remember Sherlock?”
He forgot all about that, however, when he saw Sherlock’s face as he ran his hands over his chest and stomach. He sat up to press hot, openmouthed kissed down John’s chest. John sighed and carded a hand through Sherlock’s hair without thinking. Sherlock let out a strangled groan and bucked up into John, causing clothed erections to brush against each other, as both boys gasped.
He worked his way down the thick shaft, bobbing his head and getting John in deeper and deeper each time. Before long, the tip of John’s cock had reached the back of his throat and nose was buried in the sparse hair surrounding John’s cock, happy that he hadn’t forgotten how to do this in his long years of celibacy.
They clambered into the cab when it pulled up next to them, and John let his hand fall in the seat in between them, inches away from Sherlock’s leg. He slowly let his hand creep closer and saw Sherlock eyeing it, his own fingers twitching. Neither of them said anything, but the tension was so thick between them, John was surprised the cabbie didn’t say anything just to break it.
He looked up, and his breath caught in his throat.
“I knew it! I knew you were into him!” he exclaimed.
“Jesus fucking Christ, Sherlock,” he groaned, looking down to see Sherlock’s perfect lips stretched around his cock, his pupils blown wide with arousal. Sherlock held him there for a few moments before choking and pulling back. John moaned at the sound and thrust into Sherlock’s warm mouth without thinking. He hit the back of Sherlock throat and he choked again.
“Hi, welcome to Speedy’s, how can I help you?” he said, the words a reflex now. He got the couple their order, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him the whole time, and he struggled to remain focused on his task.
John waited until everyone else had left the coffee shop, leaving him alone with Sherlock once again. He had noticed throughout the day that Sherlock had been much more fidgety than normal, and every once in a while, John would see his lips move and he wondered if he was talking to himself.
“John, it was incredible! This woman I met, Mrs. Hudson, her husband was to be executed”—
“Sherlock, are you okay? You look a bit pale.”
John stomped into the flat, clenching his fists. He muttered under his breath furiously. He slammed the door shut, closing his eyes and breathing the comforting smell of home-which at that moment smelled like an odd mix of lavender and sulfur. Probably the result of Mrs. Hudson trying to be nice, and Sherlock doing one of his ridiculous experiments.
"Seven," Sherlock said.
“Okay, I’ll use it to pay for the alcohol and the table, because that really was your fault, but I’m not keeping whatever’s left. I’ll give you back the change.” Sherlock shrugged and snagged a bottle of whiskey from the bottom shelf.
It took John four encounters with Sherlock Holmes before he could finally muster up the courage to talk to him. It also took John four encounters with Sherlock Holmes before he asked him to stay the night in his flat.
“Er, why? Don’t you have school or something?” John asked somewhat halfheartedly. Sherlock gave him scathing look.
“Sherlock,” he choked out, forcing the word through a closed throat. He looked terrible; his face was drawn and haggard, his normally lovely curls hung limp around his face. John’s chest hurt from how beautiful he looked. It was the first time he had seen him in about two weeks, and he was shocked at how horribly his own imagination had failed to capture the emotions and energy he felt when he saw Sherlock.
“Mycroft?"
“I know, and it’s fine John,” Sherlock said, dropping his eyes once more.
John felt his gut clench at the thought. He wanted a relationship with his crazy best friend more than anything. He shook his head, burrowing his face into his soft pillow. He knew Sherlock. And, knowing Sherlock, he also knew that a relationship was probably the last thing the boy wanted.
“No, they’re from earlier,” said Sherlock in a slightly choked voice. John’s fingers were warm and calloused and it took everything in him not to simply melt into the touch. John looked sharply at him.
“Thanks,” he said. His eyes flickered briefly over the few customers who were in the shop before he said: “That girl over there has been eyeing you all night and is planning on giving you her number.” John looked over at the girl in question and shrugged.
“Okay fine, but I do want to know something about you. You appear to know everything about me. Have you got a girlfriend?”
John looked down at it with red cheeks and cleared his throat.
“Right, sorry I’m done now”—
“Better quality books, better selection, more quiet than the library at our school,” replied, without a looking up from his book or pausing in his note-taking. John thought he would die of curiosity to know who she was. She was pretty, in a shy, quiet kind of way.
, and I should think it would be quite obvious! The gun in the man’s hand doesn’t even match the gun that gave him that wound! The killer obviously put the dead man’s own gun in his lap so that his fingerprints weren’t anywhere near the crime scene,” Sherlock replied scathingly.
"Oh, you're making such a mess, aren't you, Sherlock? God, if only you could see how beautiful you look right now," John said, palming himself at the sight, at angle where he knew Sherlock could see him.
“Watch,” the man continued, ignoring John’s question. He stared as the security camera swiveled away from him.
“Right, um never mind, it wasn’t important,” John said shaking his head and turning away. He just wanted Sherlock to leave now. He could hardly bear to be in his presence anymore.
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson said suddenly, her voice urgent in a way that Sherlock hadn’t heard before. He turned to her and saw that she was staring down at her ringing phone with a look of great displeasure mixed with something like fear.
“Nope, just not interested,” John tossed back over his shoulder. He left Mycroft standing there without looking back.
Sherlock nodded once to himself. Yes, he could live with that. He would have to.
) with Sherlock (
"God, you're beautiful," he said, the words slipping out more by accident than anything else. Sherlock colored a little bit, but other than that gave no indication that he'd heard.
“She’d like you,” Sherlock said, smiling shyly down at John.
John smirked as he entered the cafe. He saw Sherlock in his usual corner and gave a wave. Sherlock waved back, still scowling a bit. The sight made John smile wider.
“I guess,” he said.
“Yes,” he replied, lifting a hand to run one finger along John’s cheekbone, his sharp eyes catching the contrast between his pale finger and the molten gold of John’s skin. John chuckled, his eyes soft, the ocean lapping at the sandy beaches of his cheeks, before leaning forward and catching Sherlock’s lips with his own.
“I’ve never done it…like this,” he whispered. John’s eyebrows furrowed in the middle of his forehead.
“Well, if you’re looking for a replacement, that man over there has been looking at you the whole time we’ve been here,” he said, jerking his head toward the man in question. Mrs. Hudson turned and gave him a cursory once over, before shaking her head.
The two of them snogged against the door until Sherlock’s knees began giving way under John’s attack. He pulled back a little bit, to allow the taller boy to breathe, before pulling him roughly into his room and pinning him to the bed.
It was ridiculous. He had always known this day would come. The day when he finally came down from the cloud where any form of relationship with him was possible. He had diagnosed himself as an asexual high-functioning sociopath years ago to explain why he was so different from all the other children, and up until the moment when he saw John for the first time, he had believed it. There had been a few moments over the years that had made him question his sexuality, and as soon as he had laid eyes on the surprising beauty that was John Watson in his coffee-stained apron, he had immediately revised his hypothesis.
When he got to the tip, he suddenly and without warning, swallowed John down to the root, causing John to shout and grab onto his curls without thinking.
“Good.”
to memorize his order, it just kind of happened.
When it was finally time to close, John was almost sad to leave the coffee shop. He and Sherlock had been talking all night and John had rarely met another person who was so easy to talk to, so comfortable to be around. Sherlock was witty and hilarious without trying too hard to be, and surprisingly mature for someone in high school. Honestly, John kept forgetting that Sherlock was so much younger than him—he seemed more mature than some people John’s age.
“I could do worse,” he said smiling, trying not to give away how much he didn’t care about the girl and how much he did care about the boy in front of him.
“No thanks, I don’t think I will.” He started walking once more, when the payphone near him began ringing. He glanced at it briefly before disregarding it. The car with the strange woman pulled up next to him again. He refused to look at her, but she cleared her throat pointedly.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“So, you’re joining the police?” John asked, smothering a piece of toast in raspberry jelly. Lestrade cleared his throat and nodded.
He was cut off by John deepening the kiss, swiping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and doing his best to make him forget all about trying to protest his inarguable reaction to John playing with his hair. Sherlock’s lips were so soft against his own, and his tongue so wickedly clever, that John was starting to forget every reason he had for not shagging Sherlock right there in the coffee shop.
“Yes,” hissed Sherlock when he saw.
“How often does this happen?” he asked firmly. Sherlock tried to shrug again, forgetting that he was hurt and hissed in a sharp breath at the stab of pain through his stomach. Luckily, it took John’s mind away from the other bruises for the moment. His hands moved deftly and surely over Sherlock’s abdomen, feeling the ribs, making sure everything was in order, stopping to patch up his scrapes along the way. Sherlock had to close his eyes and hold his breath and fight with every last fiber of his being not to get an erection. John’s hands on his chest were by far the best thing he had felt to date, and he was carefully memorizing every motion and every feeling and storing them in his mind palace. He had no doubt they would be his wanking material for weeks to come.
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed, “you get off in half an hour, I’ll just wait until then.” He stood from his crouch and sat back in his chair, not breaking eye contact with John. John shook his head.
"More," Sherlock said, insistently pushing back against the finger once more. For a few moments John watched in fascination as Sherlock fucked himself on John's finger, before he added another one. Sherlock moaned as the second finger entered him and the sound made John's cock throb once more. He quickly scissored his fingers, not in the mood for teasing anymore. He stroked over Sherlock's prostate lightly, watching as the boy arched off the bed with a loud moan.
“Seventeen, don’t get your knickers in a twist John, I’m not actually going to be drinking it. I’ll probably just do some experiments on it later.”
“Hurry up, John,” Sherlock breathed down his neck, pressing himself against John’s back. John’s knees went weak when he felt the erection brushing on his lower back. Sherlock’s large hands ran down John’s sides.
“I know, but I just really don’t feel like”—
“Oh, John, didn’t you know? I actually came here to have sex with him, not you, goodnight,” Sherlock said, turning away as though to leave, and John caught his sleeve and pulled him back with a laugh.
“Mm, let me try the raspberry,” he replied, opening his mouth and making no other move towards it.
“Alrigh,’” she said, her eyes not leaving his hand as he reached down to drop the bills in her cup. He pulled his phone out and pulled up the picture that Mrs. Hudson had sent him of her husband. He showed the homeless woman his screen.
"Sherlock, you're so fucking tight--you feel so good," John said, thrusting balls-deep again and again, hitting Sherlock's prostate every time. Fuck, Sherlock, I'm close. I'm about to come." Just as he said the words, Sherlock felt John come deep inside of him. He gave a shout, wanting to come with him, but unsure if he was allowed to. Suddenly, he felt John grab his aching, throbbing, leaking cock and give a long tug. "Come for me, Sherlock," he growled in his ear before biting down on it and giving the detective's cock another long tug. As soon as the words left John's mouth, Sherlock saw white as he yelled, having the best orgasm he had probably ever had. He yelled out John's name multiple times, both because he couldn't help himself and because he knew John would love it.
Sherlock keened, thrusting his hips toward John, his cock red and leaking profusely. John licked his lips again. He popped the cap of the lube open and poured some of the cool liquid over his fingers, warming it up. He trailed a finger lightly down the underside of Sherlock’s cock, earning himself and breathy moan and another impatient “John.” With another smirk, John fingered at the tight ring on muscle, not quite slipping his finger in yet.
“John.” John lifted his head, smiling gratefully at Mike.
“John!”
“Who was that?” he asked softly.
Sherlock thought with a wry smile,
“Testing how different spices effect the burning of wood, of course,” he replied as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
“Don’t worry about it, John, I have it on very good authority that your age doesn’t bother him in the least, and it shouldn’t bother you either, he’s perfectly capable of making his own decisions, so you needn’t feel like you’re taking advantage of him,” Sherlock said, resting a hand on John’s knee. John twitched under his palm, but didn’t move away.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, but do you remember the first night you stayed here?” John asked, thinking about his burnt table, and the manic gleam in Sherlock’s eye as he raced through his explanation of the crime. He could very easily imagine the exact scenario Lestrade was describing.
“Aw, c’mon Sherlock, don’t be like that I was just having a laugh, I mean, you should have seen the look on your face!” John managed to stop himself from laughing at the last second.
“How did you”—
“It’s fine, we’re both clean.”
“It was ugly,” he said with a shrug. John couldn’t tell if he wanted to punch him or fall over laughing. He wasn’t wrong—the old table was ugly.
"Yes, fuck yes. In the bedside table," he gasped. At that moment, John knew that Sherlock was truly talented because he somehow managed to arch himself off the bed and get the lube while still giving John the best hand job he had ever gotten.
"Get on your knees," he ordered. Sherlock eagerly dropped to the floor as John undid his fly.
Now that he had left the coffee shop without explanation and was rather rude when they were texting, he thought that maybe that would be what made John realize that he wasn’t quite normal and leave.
On top of that—as if there even needed to be more—there was the matter of his voice. Having only heard him quietly mutter a few words, John had never really heard his voice before, but now that he had, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to go even a day without hearing it again. There was really no reason a high schooler’s voice should be that deep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you going to be okay going home this late?” John asked worriedly. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“John, who the bloody hell is this and why is he burning our table? He ate all the biscuits too! The chocolate ones, I bloody love those!” Mike exclaimed. John came into the kitchen to see Sherlock Holmes bent over their table with a lighter surrounded by bottles of spices and the news playing on their shitty television in the background.
“Second time,” John said a little defensively. He desperately wanted to ask him if he was high, but he figured that probably wouldn’t get a good reaction out of his new friend. “And anyway, I want to hear it from you. You’re in high school, right?” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Yes, I suppose that’s what your father says to you right before he beats you, isn’t it?” he knows as soon as the words leave his mouth, that he has gone too far. It was always his problem—his mouth didn’t know when to stop. Sebastian’s face turned a horrible shade of puce, and he breathed hard through his nose.
No one appeared to have noticed, so he bent down to pick up the bag, and walked to the bathroom, not having to look back to know that Sherlock was following.
“Oh, look who finally decided to join us again.” Sherlock looked up into the cold eyes of his professor.
“I’m sorry?” John asked.
The cab ride was short, and the cabbie kept shooting him strange looks in the mirror. Sherlock wondered what he looked like. He was almost sure he had at least one black eye, and his nose was definitely bleeding—whether or not it was broken was still to be determined. There was something bleeding on his forehead, which Sherlock knew about, because it dripped down, and he periodically got blood in his eye.
“I could do worse,” he said smiling, trying not to give away how much he didn’t care about the girl and how much he did care about the boy in front of him.
“Hi,” he said, and if his voice was a little breathless, Sherlock was kind enough not to mention it. He handed Sherlock his coffee, made just a few minutes before by John, who didn’t
“That’s Sherlock Holmes. He comes in here a lot, but he always just kind of sits there, not really doing anything. He’s only in his sixth form, but he’s wicked smart,” she said. John gaped at her.
“You fucking freak! I’m not gay, you just wish I was because you’re in love with me!” Sebastian yelled. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but the bell rang for class to begin, and the professor who was feigning deafness a moment before, took control of the classroom again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, seriously.”
“She’s right,” Sherlock said around a mouthful of egg. John smiled apologetically at Lestrade but didn’t answer.
“Hello, John,” he said when he reached the counter, lowering his lashes in a way he knew John loved. He saw John’s breath quicken almost imperceptibly—he only saw it because he was looking for it.
He could tell that Sherlock expected him to stop when he made it to his cock, but he kept going, lifting Sherlock’s legs, so his feet were planted and his legs were bent, giving John full access. Sherlock shivered, when he realized where John was going, right before John gave a long lick to his perineum. Sherlock whimpered, which turned into a moan when John continued licking back towards his entrance. He swirled his tongue around it a few times, feeling it relax under his ministrations. Sherlock was emitting a steady stream of whimpers and moans, interspersed with the occasional curse word.
“Sherlock…” John said, in what was clearly supposed to be a firm tone of voice, but it was breathy and sounded a bit too much like a moan to be believable. John took a breath like he was about to say something else, but before he could, Sherlock covered his mouth with his own. Sherlock reached up and cupped John’s face with his large hands running his tongue lightly over his John’s bottom lip.
“You aren’t afraid,” he commented.
HI MY LOVELIES!! I'm so so so sorry to vanish on you guys like that, I promise I really am, life has just been quite busy what with graduating (yayyy!!!!!), a family friend's wedding (yayyy!! I'm also super inspired to write a wedding fic now....), and a trip to Europe to visit family (yayyy!!!!). I'm actually still in Ukraine currently and uploading from my phone, so if there are any formatting issues please let me know and I'll fix them as soon as I get to a computer.
“Yeah, see you, Sarah,” he said with a wave as she walked out. The coffee shop was blessedly empty, allowing John to take out his phone to text Sherlock.
John pulled away slightly, searching Sherlock’s eyes to see if had done the right thing. Sherlock’s eyes were huge, the pupils blown wide.
“You can be loud, there’s nobody here to hear us. Mike's at his girlfriend's,” John said, grinding down onto Sherlock’s cock once more. Sherlock held John’s gaze for a few seconds before his head dropped back and his eyes slammed closed, letting out a loud moan. John’s cock twitched at the sound, and he bent his head back down to Sherlock’s nipples, wanting to make him moan again.
“Will I survive?” he asked drily, hoping to alleviate some of the tenseness in the air. John gave a breathy chuckle.
bed, hair messy because of
"Come for me, Sherlock," he said, reaching around with the hand not in Sherlock's hair and giving his cock three short pulls before Sherlock was coming in thick ropes all over the bed. His eyes were still closed and he seemed unable to stop shouting John's name - or at least unaware he was doing it. He clenched tight around John's cock as he came, and John followed soon after with a final thrust. He buried himself deep into the younger boy, feeling his come coat Sherlock's walls.
“Is that so?” his mother asked. “Then who have you been texting?” Sherlock sometimes hated how observant his mother was.
Fun and exciting news which is useful to no one: I'm moving back to school tomorrow! Send me good moving thoughts!
"Go and get your riding crop." John said. Sherlock gasped, and sprang up almost running to the couch where he had left it after some experiment. While he was waiting, palmed himself through the fabric of his jeans, trying to calm himself. He didn't want to come too early. "Strip, then stand against the wall." John ordered. Sherlock did so with no hesitation, his cock hanging thick and fully erected between his legs. John picked up the dropped riding crop and strode over to Sherlock, who was shaking slightly with arousal. He used the crop to stroke Sherlock's muscular back and round, plump arse. God, John loved that arse.
“That happened last time too,” he said, and Sherlock turned pink, not quite meeting John’s eyes.
“Then why the hell do you need it?”
I'll stop babbling now and let you get on with your smut reading!
John added a third finger and fucked Sherlock with them until he felt that he was loose enough for him. He slipped his fingers out of Sherlock and was reaching for the condoms when he was stopped by Sherlock's hand.
“Why are testing that?” John asked, making his way over to the kettle. “Want some tea?” He tried (unsuccessfully) not to think about the fact that he was only wearing a ratty old shirt and his pants in front of someone who may as well be a complete stranger.
“I don’t have any intentions with Sherlock Holmes,” John said, not altogether truthfully, but he wasn’t about than admit to Sherlock’s brother that they had just had quite amazing sex, and John was planning on doing it again as soon as the chance arose. Mycroft’s eyebrows raised the smallest amount, and his smile shifted into something more resembling a grimace.
“My brother,” Sherlock muttered darkly. John looked at his watch and sighed when he saw it was almost time to close up.
“That was your…boss.” John said when the car purred into motion. It wasn’t a question.
“Oh, yes, Sir. Yes, Captain Watson,” he moaned out. John smirked.
Sherlock’s breath hitched in what was half a chuckle half a moan. He kissed his way down John’s jaw, nipping at the skin with his teeth every once in a while.
The drive was surprisingly short, though John couldn’t figure out where they had stopped. It seemed to be in front of some sort of warehouse. He got out, and walked toward a tall figure leaning on an umbrella.
“Mr. Holmes!” Sherlock lifted his head, trying not to show that the exclamation had startled him out of daydreaming about John.
“Had a good day,” he replied with a small shrug.
“Yes, yes alright I believe you,” said John, running his fingers through Sherlock’s soft curls, causing a shiver to run through the man. “My, aren’t you pretty when you beg?”
“Sherlock, talk to me,” he said, wondering what it was that Sherlock had never done. He knew that he had sex before, obviously, so he didn’t know what was bothering the boy. Sherlock avoided John’s gaze, his cheeks and chest pink with embarrassment.
“How do you know?” he asked.
“Why would I want one of
“And finally, look to the building on your right.” For the third time, John looked up to see a security camera pointed at him, only to swivel away, obviously on the command of the man on the phone.
“Good boy.” John reward him with another brush against his prostate before adding another finger and pumping, watching Sherlock’s slick hole stretch around them. With a harsh breath, John unlaced his trousers and pulled his stiff, throbbing cock out.
John led him to his armchair and sat him down, crouching in front of him.
. And she fit perfectly into John’s life, not because they fit perfectly together, but because John’s life was just as boring.
“So are you planning on joining the force too, then?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes.
“You aren’t so bad yourself,” he replied teasingly. John cocked an eyebrow at him.
“I should be back in a few hours,” John said lightly, leaving Sherlock still kneeling on the ground, “be good.” He left with a wink.
It was all Bill’s fault, it really was. John had been planning on a quiet night in with some leftover Chinese and a few Bond films, but Bill had been adamant.
they are
Suddenly, John shifted, his breathing changing, and his eyelids fluttering as they opened sleepily.
“At least one,” John replied stubbornly. Mycroft looked at him oddly.
You should have just stayed away, everybody likes it better that way,” Sebastian spat into his face. Sherlock flinched away, trying to block out the words. He retaliated in the only way he knew how.
“God, you are so gorgeous,” John murmured into Sherlock’s skin, unable to stop the words from spilling out as he watched Sherlock ride out his orgasm. Watching Sherlock come was definitely among the most beautiful things John had ever seen. Sherlock smiled shyly, a blush crawling up his chest that had nothing to d with his recent orgasm.
“Yes,” he said, but it was more of a whisper, and his eyes were so open and so, so, soft. John sat up and straddled him once more, without breaking eye contact. He slowly pulled Sherlock’s trousers off his long legs and only broke eye contact to run his eyes over Sherlock’s beautiful body, noticing the goose pimples that raised on Sherlock’s pale skin everywhere his eyes looked. He reached up and ran a finger along the inner elastic of Sherlock’s pants, unable to stop his tongue from flicking out and licking his bottom lip. He looked back up to Sherlock’s eyes, now heavy-lidded, but still so open that it made John’s heart ache.
“I’m sure they’re all just upset that they can’t do it, and they’re just happy someone can,” he said bluntly. He ducked his head, ashamed. He looked back up, however, when he felt John’s hand tighten on his knee.
“As much fun as that would doubtless be, I had planned on being ravished tonight, and that would be quite difficult during a quickie in the bathroom,” Sherlock said, against John’s lips. Then he pulled away with a thoughtful look on his face. “Though if that’s something you’d like to try some day, you would get no arguments from me.” John laughed, not letting himself seriously think about the idea, because he knew that if he started to think about shagging Sherlock over the counter, or in one of their chairs, or, god help him, in a bathroom stall, he would never be able to get them out of the coffee shop.
“We can still be friends,” lied Sherlock. If he was honest, he was bit surprised John had even called them friends. He knew, however, that after what was about to happen, happened, John would no longer want to be friends with him. Sherlock didn’t blame John—it wasn’t his fault. It was the curiosity.
"So what now?" John asked, his eyes closed, seconds away from sleep.
,” he said snidely.
“Which department in the Scotland Yard did you say you worked for?” asked one of the officers. She was holding a phone and had a hard expression on her face. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson exchanged glances, and Sherlock was suddenly quite certain that the Americans could take care of the rest of the case themselves.
“Oh no, you’ll have to wait until I get back to take care of that,” he said grinning evilly. Sherlock felt his grin drop like stone from the sky.
“Oh, you don’t
“Alright,” Sherlock replied, looking perplexed. John took his hand again and swiped his thumb over Sherlock’s hand as they fell into step together.
"Bloody hell, Sherlock! How many times do I have to tell you, no experiments in the kitchen! This is why! First those absolutely absurd people at the surgery, and I just want to go home and relax, and instead I have to take care of you! Is it really that difficult to keep your experiments-"
With a growl, John threaded his fingers in Sherlock's unruly curls and pulled, lifting his head off the bed and arching his back. The new angle allowed John to thrust harder, hitting Sherlock's prostate every time, and the moment John had touched his hair, Sherlock had gone wild. He shouted John's name in a pleasure and his cock strained and twitched.
“Yes.”
Finally, as the time was nearing eight, the flow of people slowed down enough that John was able to get away to talk to Sherlock.
Sherlock was at the coffee shop the next day as well. John, however, was not. Sherlock looked toward the counter and cursed himself when he saw only Sarah. Of course John didn’t work every day. He had classes and friends and a life. It was something that Sherlock would not have ordinarily overlooked and the fact that he did made him angry. John made it hard for him to think and caused him to act illogically.
“If I’m right, will you call me again?” he asked. The last thing he wanted to do was let these bumbling fools oversee testing anything, but he didn’t have any sort of equipment here, and he really didn’t think this man would be allowing him use of their lab any time soon.
On one hand, he really wanted to, yet on the other, he was older than Sherlock, and he really didn’t look like he wanted to be bothered. Just as John had made the decision to go and try to talk to him, Sherlock abruptly stood up and left the small shop, coat billowing dramatically behind him. John glanced at the clock—there was still half an hour until they closed. He wondered why he didn’t stay until closing this time.
After a moment, however, John abruptly drew back, taking a deep breath.
“Martha,” a male, greasy voice said from the phone. “I heard you were in town. Why didn’t you tell me you were coming?”
“Of course. And I know that seeing me with drugs only a week or so ago must have been difficult, but please, you have to understand that I had no intention of using again. I was just…bored, and I know that that’s no excuse, but I couldn’t stop thinking about you and I couldn’t understand why I couldn’t stop thinking about you, and then I couldn’t go and see you because I had said it was over…it won’t be happening again, I was just acting on habit.” Sherlock stopped himself when he could feel himself babbling, an awful habit he had never seemed to have an issue with until he met John. But he had to make him understand that there was no cycle for Sherlock—the cycle was over and there was no way that Sherlock would be going back to it, especially when he had John.
He took a deep, shuddering breath when he thought about it again. He had to stop thinking about it. He gripped the cushions of the coach where he was sprawled out so his hands wouldn’t involuntarily touch his erection.
"Yes, great deduction, Sherlock," John growled. He moved to the cupboard to get some biscuits to find that the entire cabinet had been emptied and the food had been replaced with some sort of gel. "Christ, Sherlock!" John yelled, turning to the detective who was currently adding sugar to the tea that John had made for himself. John closed his eyes, taking deep breaths to steady himself. Sherlock looked up innocently from the tea.
“Yeah, right I know what your ‘bruises’ look like,” John said, punctuating his words with a firmer tug that made Sherlock jerk forward, and before the taller boy could regain his balance, something small and white slipped from his pocket and landed on the floor with a soft and seemingly innocent
“You are so beautiful,” John breathed, unable to stop the words from leaving his mouth. He leaned down to press a kiss against Sherlock’s hipbone, but once he was there, he was unable to stop himself from pressing another, and another, getting closer and closer to Sherlock’s cock where it lay, heavy with arousal against his flat stomach. He gently placed a soft kiss—more of a brush of his lips than an actual kiss—against the base Sherlock’s cock and felt more than heard Sherlock’s breathy sigh as he wound his long fingers into John’s short hair. He kissed him there again, with just a bit more force and ran the tip of his tongue teasingly across Sherlock’s hot, soft skin. He kissed his way up Sherlock’s cock keeping the kisses soft, but openmouthed with just a hint of tongue until he was at the head, and he could hear small, whimpering sounds coming from Sherlock.
“Or what? You’re going to tell lies about me again?”
“Buy me alcohol. I have a fake I.D, of course, but Mycroft told all the stores within a fifty mile radius not to sell me.”
“John, I”—
“Are you sure?”
“Oh is that all you got? You’re losing you’re touch,” John said. Sherlock’s smirk widened.
“Alright?” John asked, slightly worried. Sherlock blinked, and drew in a ragged breath, and John swore he could feel the long lashes brush against his face, mere centimeters away from Sherlock’s.
“Aren’t you cheeky? Let’s get you a little less coherent, shall we?” said John, as he set about doing just that, adding a second finger and scissoring them gently. He found his prostate in seconds and—sparing a quick mental thank you for all the anatomy classes he had to take in uni—stroked it lightly. Sherlock gasped and arched off the bed, his fingers twisting in the sheets of his bed.
"Please, I want you inside of me.
“It’s kind of hard to explain,” he sputtered, “some personal stuff, I guess. I’m not really in the right place to be a relationship right now.” He knew it was bullshit excuse, but he had nothing better.
“It’s not my money, it’s Mycroft’s, I nicked it, and I’m not giving it to you, I’m paying you back for the alcohol and the table that I ruined. The rest is for the inconvenience.” John looked doubtfully at the cash in his hand.
Their orgasms washed over them slowly, and more like the cresting of a wave than the explosion of lust and heat that had been their first encounter.
Hello again, my lovelies! Once again, I apologize for the lack of updates, though I have no new excuses and you'll all just have to live with the fact that I'm a terrible human being.
"All right?" John asked, worried that it was too much.
He crumpled the note in his fist, confused. He would have thought that John would want to be rid of him, now that they had both gotten what they wanted. He looked thoughtfully at the note again and decided it was a harmless courtesy. John was a nice guy, after all.
“I’m starting to think you liked me better when I was high,” he said, folding his arms and pouting.
“Yes, John, I’m seventeen, not twelve,” he said.
“I love waking up with you,” he murmured into Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock pressed himself closer to John’s warm body and hummed in reply, deepening the kiss. His hand travelled from John’s face down to his warm chest, where he rested one hand on the steady beat of John’s heart thrumming to full wakefulness and swiped a thumb across his nipple with the other. He heard John’s breath catch in his throat so he swiped again and couldn’t help but punctuate it with a lazy roll of his hips. John grinned into the kiss.
“What’s wrong, beautiful?” he asked, stroking soothing circles on Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock shook his head.
“That’s Captain to you, Soldier. Slip up again and I won’t let you come at all tonight.” A shudder ran through Sherlock at the words.
He sighed, watching John interact with his customers. If he was being completely honest with himself, he would miss John. He was his first real friend. But Sherlock didn’t have time for that kind of sentiment. He worked better alone, anyway.
“You want to me spy on your brother for you?” Mycroft’s only reply was to raise his eyebrows slightly. “Why?” John asked.
“Yes,” was his answer, his gaze not leaving John’s. Refusing to lose, John didn’t let himself look away from the man’s light blue eyes, so similar to Sherlock’s, yet so very different as well.
“Yeah, want to go out again? Sorry I meant to ask you earlier, but I got…distracted,” he said. Sarah smiled brilliantly.
"Three," he said, but it came out in a high-pitched whine.
“I was going to surprise you. I know how much you love surprises,” Mrs. Hudson replied, doing a very good job at keeping her voice steady.
John sighed. He had hoped that Sherlock would elaborate, but it seemed like that wouldn’t be happening. He tried to pry it out of him anyway.
He continued bobbing his head, getting lower on his cock with every time, until he was as far as he could go. He sucked for a few moments before Sherlock pulled him off with a strangled groan.
“So what’s up? Did Mycroft find the whiskey?” he asked, walking with Sherlock over to their corner and taking the armchair directly across from the one that Sherlock had always occupied. The armchair—a rather unattractive red plaid one with a Union Jack pillow on it—will forever be
“I’m sure that’s not true,” John said in a tone that offered no room for argument, which was ridiculous, considering he was
“John, you there?” Sarah asked with a small smile. John jerked himself back into the present and smiled back.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” John muttered.
“Who’re you texting? Or better question, who would want to text you,
John walked to the Tesco, even though it was raining, deciding he was going to need every last pound he had to buy a new table. When he got to the Tesco he was greeted by the sight of none other than Sherlock Holmes himself pacing in front of the automatic doors, causing them to open and close spastically. He appeared not to notice.
Sherlock merely shrugged in response.
“John please you know me reasonably well, do you really think those mindless, idiotic buffoons could teach me anything useful? I know more about all their subjects than they do,” he scoffed. John rolled his eyes.
“My brother’s coming home from uni for the weekend and it annoys him. Normally, I know ahead of time so I can…make arrangements, but I only just found out and my normal…sources don’t work well with a timetable.”
“Yes, John, please!” John slapped his thigh again.
The man looked at John suspiciously, who was able to keep a straight face long enough to pay for the food before dissolving into giggles again. Every time he thought he was done, he just looked at the look on Sherlock’s face and was gone again. He looked like a cat that’s had its tail stepped on.
“Nothing,” he said in a low voice, trying desperately not to think about how close they were to each other. John snorted softly.
He wished he had given Sherlock his number.
Hi friends! I know it's not Sunday, but it's Monday, which is really super close to Sunday, so I feel like I should get points for that.
“Sherlock,” he growled into the taller boy’s neck, “you have no idea how long I’ve been wanting to do this.” Sherlock gave a shuddery moan at the words, his legs falling open to allow John to settle between them. John kissed his way down Sherlock’s neck, leaving marks across his pale skin. He had to force himself away from the smooth expanse of skin—he could have spent hours on Sherlock’s neck alone, but his cock was throbbing impatiently in his jeans.
“Mummy is getting worried,” he said gravely. Sherlock snorted.
“John, please,” he breathed while John slowly pulled the zipper down. With a smirk, John sped his motions up, just as eager to get Sherlock’s trousers off as Sherlock was. John pulled Sherlock’s jeans off of him, licking his lips at the sight of the obvious tent in Sherlock’s black pants.
“No, actually, that’s okay, I don’t mind,” he said, eager to get home. He checked his watch and figured he might even have some time to eat his Chinese and watch at least half of a Bond movie. She giggled at him one last time and gave him a parting waggle of her fingers.
“Do as the pretty woman says, Mr. Watson, and get into the car.” The line went dead. John listened to the shrill tone for a few seconds before leaving the phone box and getting into the car.
“What?”
“More,” he said, his voice half whine and half moan. “Please John, I need more.”
He half wanted to talk to Sherlock, but wasn’t sure how. He wasn’t even sure if Sherlock would recognize him outside of the coffee shop. It was like he had ever done anything particularly memorable.
the ones preformed with other men were significantly more tolerable.
Sherlock gripped the soft, worn armrests of his chair, trying to hide how hard his hands were shaking. He crossed his legs, closing his eyes, hoping John would just leave.
“Second year in uni, training to be a doctor, working here to pay for it now that the rugby scholarship has fallen through due to a shoulder injury. Your doctor thinks you might be able to play again, don’t listen to her, she’s an idiot, any stress on that rotator cuff would cause irreparable damage. Raised by a military man, would have followed in his footsteps had it not been for the injury,” he said in rapid-fire speech, spitting each word out like it was burning his tongue. “Shame, really, you would have done well in the army, you love adrenaline and react well under pressure,” he added almost as an afterthought. John gaped.
At first it was just to annoy Mycroft, then it became a place meet his various dealers, and then, a place to experiment. He had never understood the hold that sex had on some people. And Sherlock
“No, please, John, I know I said that we were done, and I know that, but I can’t seem take it in, and I know you probably don’t feel the same way, I just can’t do it anymore, I had to tell you”—
“Have a seat, Mr. Watson,” the man said. John looked at him with furrowed brows for a few seconds before he finally remembered.
“Hello?” he said cautiously.
“I know, but you’re brother wasn’t all that happy last time, I was just making sure you didn’t need to spend the night at my place again,” John said. He half hoped that Sherlock would say that he needed to sleep at his flat again.
“What was that, Soldier?”
“Well I would have prepared myself before you came home, but I was told I wasn’t allowed to touch,” said Sherlock. John slapped the inside of his thigh sharply.
“No, he’s at his girlfriend’s again,” he replied, smirking. “Why are you so concerned about my roommate’s whereabouts?”
“From what I can tell. I would suggest that you go to a real hospital, but I can already guess what your answer will be,” he replied. Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock walked gingerly to the edge of the sidewalk and stuck out his hand for a cab.
“Who are you, and how are you doing this?” John asked, angry so he wouldn’t be frightened.
you can find me on tumblr at astronautsxandxaliens.tumblr.com come join me it's a good time
It took John the better part of two hours to get Sherlock out of the store. After they picked up the alcohol, John remembered that he had to do actual shopping. Grocery shopping with Sherlock was significantly harder than it should have been. He kept picking up random things and placing them into the cart as if he would actually buy them, and John kept having to take them out and replace them with normal things. Most of the time, this went unnoticed by Sherlock, but the few times he did notice were exasperating.
John tried to focus on studying. He really did. But they were sitting right in front of him, and every so often, Sherlock would absently run his fingers through his hair, and god if that didn’t just melt John into a puddle right there.
"Please, I want--I want you. Can I--may I suck your cock?" John's cock twitched at the words. Oh, yes, John would be alright with that.
The car purred as it kept pace with him, and he turned fully toward it, wondering what the hell was going on. The door opened and John looked in to see a pretty woman with her nose buried in her phone.
“The case, John! I read about it in the paper yesterday a woman found killed in her house after having received a strange letter in the mail the day before. The letter and the kitchen table were found burned. They’ve just arrested the neighbor, stupid move, he wasn’t even at the scene of crime long enough to do any damage.”
“I can’t believe that actually worked!” Mrs. Hudson said, gripping onto Sherlock’s arm excitedly. He grinned at her.
“He means it’s a pleasure,” John said to Lestrade, stretching a hand out to shake for the both of them.
“Molly, how many times do I have to tell you that I’m fine before you’ll believe me?” he asked.
Soon—much, much too soon, in Sherlock’s opinion—John was turning off the lights and locking up the door.
“You just met me,” he said. “I could be a murderer.”
,” Sherlock exclaimed. “John please I’m dying.”
Before long—much, much too soon in Sherlock’s opinion—John was pulling back.
“John, if we are romantically or sexually involved I can’t imagine that you seeing someone else additionally would be something I would enjoy. However, if that’s something that you need, I won’t”—
John flicked his eyes over to the corner where Sherlock was curled up in his armchair. He seemed normal. But the way he had been acting made it almost seem like he was…hitting on John. He shook the though from him his head, almost wanting to laugh. If there was one thing he knew for certain, it was that Sherlock was not hitting on him.
“Thanks mate, see you in a bit,” called Mike.
“But what about the teachers? Don’t they do something?” John had dropped the cotton swab into the trash and was kneeling in front of Sherlock, resting his hands on Sherlock’s thin knees.
A pointed cough greeted him when he entered the kitchen.
out his company. It was completely absurd.
“Right. Right,” he said to himself. “No, actually, sorry, what are you talking about?”
“Thanks for the warning.”
“Good boy,” replied John. He kneeled in between Sherlock’s spread legs and ran his hands down his pale thighs, licking his lips. “My, aren’t you just gorgeous?”
“If you do continue being…friends, with Sherlock Holmes I would be happy to pay you a significant sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
“What are you doing?” John asked, placing a hand on Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock looked at him as though he was an idiot, the expression a familiar one even through the haze of arousal.
“Well, then what is it, dear?” she asked gently. Sherlock looked at her for a second before coming to a decision.
“You’ll forgive me if I don’t believe that either, Mr. Watson. You’ve met Sherlock, how many friends do you imagine he has?”
“Yeah sure, of course it’ll be that simple,” he muttered. Then he checked his watch. Ten minutes until he got off. Fuck it, he thought. He over-analyzed everything way too much; he was just going to go for it. Leaning forward, he took Sherlock face in his hands and kissed him, gently at first, but quickly growing more intense.
“I’m turning over,” he explained as though he couldn’t imagine how John could have been so stupid. John shook his head.
“Playing with my hair. It will make things…uncomfortable,” Sherlock said, looking mildly embarrassed. John felt his eyebrows shoot up.
“I’m sure that you have your own reasons, but why don’t you just talk to him?” she asked, then paused. “Though considering what we were doing in Florida just now, I don’t know if I’m the best person to go for love advice.” She smiled softly at him, and he cleared his throat and moved his hand out from under hers.
“I should have done this the first time,” John said, regret coloring his words.
” Lestrade laughed, looking at Sherlock with something almost like grudging respect.
“It was kids from school, wasn’t it?” John continued when Sherlock didn’t answer. “How are they allowed to do this?” Sherlock gave John a withering look.
Finally, finally, the cab slowed to a stop outside of John’s flat and the two stumbled out, the cabbie seeming just as happy to see them go as they were to leave. Once again, Sherlock pressed himself as close as he could to John as the shorter man struggled to find the right key for the lock. When he finally managed it—a difficult task with Sherlock slowly licking and nibbling at his earlobe—he stumbled into the flat, and had Sherlock shoved up against the door before either of them could even take a breath. He attacked Sherlock’s mouth with his own, plundering it roughly. Sherlock could only lean heavily against the door for support and give breathy moans, digging his fingers into John’s arse.
Sherlock leaned in and began by kissing him slowly along his inner thighs, getting closer and closer to his cock, making John fairly scream with anticipation.
“John, do you really think I need a key?” Sherlock asked, smirking as he produced a lock-pick set from the depths of his coat.
“The police only took me seriously because they didn’t have any other good leads,” Sherlock replied. “And, I had tried my hand at it before a few years ago, but nothing ever came of it, so I let it go. I didn’t even think about it until Mrs. Hudson told me about her problem.”
“I can’t do this anymore,” he finally said, the words bursting out of him as though he had been keeping them in for far too long. He looked up at John through his lashes without saying anything else.
When they were fully off and Sherlock was finally fully revealed, they were both breathing hard and ragged, and It had nothing to do with the tickling anymore.
,” John groaned, his thrusts getting more erratic and Sherlock knew he must be getting close. He fought hard to keep his hands off his own cock when he heard John talking to him like that.
“I’m not buying you alcohol, Sherlock. Forget it.”
“How’s the view?” he asked, pulling a few bills from his pocket. Luckily, he and Mrs. Hudson had stopped at to exchange their money at the airport. The woman looked up at him suspiciously.
“John, please, it hurts,” he begged. John’s smirk grew as he took the small bottle from Sherlock’s shaking fingers.
“No,” Sherlock said firmly. “You are not using this against me, I do not permit it.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock corrected with a smirk, “close, though.” John giggled, rolling over to look at Sherlock. Without any hesitation the taller man squirmed his way into John’s arms and tangled their legs together, hold John close. John ran a hand lightly through Sherlock’s hair, wondering why was wasn’t surprised that Sherlock was cuddler.
Not uncomfortable enough to stop thinking about it though, apparently.
John pushed them onto the bed, but kept the kiss slow and soft, despite Sherlock’s best efforts to make it more intense.
“I didn’t know, I
“Good on you, mate.”
“Done what?”
“You’re a prat,” John said, turning his head to look at Sherlock, his tone light, and voice full of laughter and adoration. Sherlock turned his head to look at John, so their noses were almost brushing and their eyes were locked on each other.
“Bill”—
“And at the most?” John asked, lifting his chin to prepare himself for the worst. Sherlock didn’t answer for a long moment.
"God, you won't be able to sit tomorrow."
He glanced back at his bed just before he left, and smiled despite himself. The sight of Sherlock curled up in
“Sherlock, darling, so nice of you to join us!” Sherlock’s mum joked somewhat wryly when Sherlock entered the kitchen. “I think Sherlock’s got himself a friend,” his mother continued, nudging Mycroft lightly and winking at her husband. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You don’t have to thank me at all, just coming here and getting away from home is enough,” Sherlock replied, already thinking of how bored he would be once he got back home.
That, and the coffee shop was conveniently close to his house and the only clean place that was open past midnight that would let him in. their coffee wasn’t bad either. Certainly not when John made it.
He sent, unsure of what else to do. He had very minimal experience with apologies, and therefore wasn’t quite sure what they entailed.
“I can’t believe that the police took you seriously,” John said. “I didn’t even know you had an interest in crime solving.”
So he knew what he had to do. For the both them. Just one night to get it out of their systems. Then they would both be able to move on with their lives. Quit cold-turkey. Though he hated to end his time with John, he knew it had to happen soon before he lost control.
“Hey, John I’m home and I brought a friend!” Mike called as he stepped through the door…and directly into the kitchen. John jumped a foot in the air, but Sherlock calmly kept his hold around John’s waist as John was the only thing keeping his naked front hidden from view (he was not altogether confident in his ability to wrap the sheet around himself fast enough that Mike and his friend wouldn’t get a good look).
He thought about what John would say if he saw him roll his eyes, and then did it anyway, just to spite the imagined John in his mind. He wasn’t with Sherlock and that was good. If only his heart would listen to what his brain told it, however.
"Sherlock"--
He slipped his phone back into his pocket and walked back into the kitchen to eat dinner with his family, feeling better about the situation, and hoping it was enough.
“Yes, I understand, and I don’t”—
“Please, what?” John said firmly.
“Stop what?”
Sherlock groaned in frustration. He had tried everything to get rid of the sight of John in his military fatigues. Not even continuing his experiment kept his mind occupied enough to forget the feeling of being on his knees with the heavy weight of John’s cock filling his mouth.
“Here,” he said shoving it at John. “That ought to cover it all, plus a couple months of rent. Now come on, he could be home any minute, John!” John looked down at the wad of cash he had reflexively taken hold of.
