How did they neglect that for so long? How they didn’t realize that they were perfect for each other before? How they didn’t realize that their lips were shaped to fit together like pieces of the same puzzle, Steve's hand fit perfectly into the curve of Tony's spine to put him at the right angle for Tony to reach the soft hair of the soldier?
His vision blurred and Tony blinked, trying to clear his focus and his hot, wet eyes. He was crying. The mere prospect of Steve out Tony’s life was so unbearable, that hurt too much. Tony instinctively raised his hand to wipe away the tears, but remembered at the last moment that he was inside the armor, that the effort was useless. He needed to get out of there. Give Steve the privacy he deserved. Tony turned and prepared to take off. And he almost tripped over himself when he heard it.
"Will you finally tell me where we are?" Steve stepped out of the car and Tony thought it was lovely to see the look of amazement marveling on his face staring out at the sea.
For a minute, the girl looked away and got lost in her own thoughts, her expression growing low, and suddenly it was like as she was carrying the weight of the world on her shoulders. Before anyone could say anything, the girl turned to face Natasha with a sad smile.
“Since I smelled that flower, I can only think of you.” Tony pulled away enough to look Steve in the eye. “
A distant part of Tony was aware of Steve’s hand gripping the hem of Tony’s shirt, pulling him closer and closer, gluing them together as if they were one. Steve’s tongue slid long and slowly over Tony’s and an appreciative sound vibrated deep in his throat, startling Tony and reverberating directly into his groin when Steve groaned with him.
Steve had finished washing his hands and, without bothering to dry them, opened the fridge to take a selection of vegetables and put them all on the island to chop them.
Rhodes drank some more of his coffee. "You said you didn't pay attention to where you were coming. Does that mean you came in a hurry?"
Steve's face withered and the smile disappeared. Tony knew that expression. "Steve, you haven't failed your son. I know that's what you think, but it's not the truth."
“No. It'll only detonate when those forty seconds are over,” Tony looked at Steve and he could almost see the soldier's brain running.
Tony pulled away as best he could to not wake Steve, propped himself up on his elbow and stood there, just admiring the calm Steve slept with, his eyes still, indicating that he wasn’t dreaming - or, worse, having nightmares - his golden hair spiky on all sides, messed up in a way that people out there would never see (and that made Tony feel a sense of possession that he had never felt before towards anyone), his mouth half open on one side, deep, relaxed breathing. He was beautiful. And he said he loved Tony. They had made love the night before. Steve had taken him in his arms with adoration and made Tony float. And Steve said he would take care of Tony, that he would make Tony understand why he thought Tony deserved to be happy. Tony laughed through his nose. Only Steve to be so optimistic and believe that Tony was someone worth fighting for.
“Looking at you sleeping here in this bed,” Tony continued. “The calmness of our bubble while the city was already frantic, our conversation last night, all of this brought me here, when I had this epiphany,” Tony gestured with his hands and ended with open arms, indicating himself.
“I know. And knowing how much you know me takes my breath away, because nobody else knows me like you. Maybe not even myself.” Tony looked at New York framed by the huge window, the sun was almost overhead, and sighed. “You know, looking outside, waking up here with you this morning, it made me realize with more force than ever that, as much as I want to, there is no escape from the horrible things I did, the lies I told, the people I manipulated. And I can’t even recover everything I lost,” Tony sighed heavily, but kept looking at the light outside, letting it come in, illuminating every corner that was still in darkness. “But I also realized how right what we did here is. And that I’m having a chance to recover something that I missed. Only one, but the most important,” Tony looked back into Steve’s eyes, shining, focused on Tony, looking forward to what would come next. Tony held Steve’s face in his hands. “You, Steve. Because I finally realized that, all this time, I just needed you.”
Tony smiled. It was the first time Steve had called him "my love." He approached for another kiss, but stopped halfway with the sound of the Tower's alarm.
It could be the bizarre timezone effect, or the many hours of sleep finally slept, or it could be Tony simply allowing himself to tell the truth out loud when he eventually shrugged and smiled back at Natasha.
“And the other situation?” Natasha did not miss the clear division there: the heavyweights, with the exception of Thor and Vision, had all been scaled to Queens, leaving her, Sam and Clint on the other mission. She narrowed her eyes suspiciously.
Unfortunately for Tony, that fucking meeting lasted almost all day. How Fury managed to extend three seemingly simple matters and two mission reports for hours, no one was able to say. And he still boasted that he was an efficient special agent.
The problem is that, unbeknownst to me, there were more people wanting us away from each other than I could’ve imagined. There were more people out there who knew how important the two of us were to each other. And it took me too long to make a decision.
"Hmmm... If one day you cross paths with this universe, please give my regards to him." Tony laughed, but soon Steve's mouth was in his and the laughter died, giving way to an involuntary sigh that inevitably always escaped from them when they kissed.
Tony swallowed. But what was the point of hiding things? Steve would find out sooner or later. Let it be through Tony’s mouth, then. “They did,” Tony confirmed and saw Steve close his eyes, disappointed. It hurt. “Apparently, I manipulated some of the Civil War events and the Registration Act to increase the value of my companies’ shares and profit more from all of that. Sometime days before you went to trial, Ben Urich came to my office and told me that he had discovered everything with Peter’s help.”
Tony's foot reached the end of Steve's thigh and stopped as he felt the volume beneath the cloth. Steve held the tablet tightly and took a deep breath. Tony licked his lips again, and saw the soldier’s chest rise and fall quickly.
“Steve, and now pay close attention to what I’m going to say to you, do you understand?” Tony held Steve’s face in his hands and Steve nodded, paying full attention to Tony. Tony’s smile widened. “I
"Good night, Tony," Steve walked away and headed for the kitchen entrance, where he stopped and turned around. "Have good dreams.”
That was the answer, wasn’t it? That was why. They both waited too long, the two of them denied too much, and the two of them almost lost each other forever. That was the turning point. Tony only took longer to realize. And to admit it for himself.
All the while, Steve stroked Tony’s hair and nurtured him, showing that he wasn’t alone to face whatever was on his head.
"Hey, kid. You look awful," Tony hugged Peter by the shoulder and held him there. If he’d learned something from the recent conflicts it was that losing people is an extremely painful process. Tony had already lost Steve and that was like having his heart ripped out, but when Peter simply turned dust into his arms, Tony found himself without his ground, with nothing. That boy had become much more than Tony had hoped for, sort of an anchor, and then...
“Let me finish.” Steve smiled. “I see someone so generous that he chose to give up everything, including his own memory, to save those who have turned their backs on him.”
Steve pushed Tony away and left him sitting on his lap for an instant, long enough for the sunlight coming in through the window to bathe Tony’s entire body, creating shadows on Tony’s angular and turned muscles, which the armor always hid, but that, oh yes, were there, waiting for Steve, all that time.
“Hell, Thor, I thought we were friends!” Clint ran into the quinjet with Hulk behind him and Thor following them laughing out loud.
"Yes," Steve said, trying to keep his voice steady. Now that there was so little left for him to see Peter, so that he could finally understand what was going on, his heart didn't look like his, his body didn't look like his. He was holding the steering wheel tightly, trying to find stability in something.
how to separate things and you know it. I'm here because Natasha asked and I promised her and Steve that I would prove Peter's innocence. And that's what I'm doing. If in the process my eyes are blessed with small glances at a handsome man who happens to be my host and father of my client, is that my fault?"
Tony apologized on the phone, said he would call later, and hung up, putting his cell phone in the inside pocket of his jacket. "So is it over there?" he asked.
“What happened then?” Steve asked quietly, his voice troubled, any trace of disappointment from before, at the news of Tony’s corruption, gone. Who knew Tony was a good storyteller, even with memories that weren’t even his own anymore?
The red tone from before came back up Steve's neck and Tony couldn’t help but think it was cute that the American boy scout would turn red with the names Tony was calling him.
When did listening to Steve calling him my love become so natural and with the power to ignite Tony’s soul?
Tony opened and closed his mouth several times, unable to articulate what he was feeling. He had to say something wise at that moment, right? Perhaps to say that Steve did the right thing in realizing the obvious, that it was clear as the sunniest day he belonged to that time, to
Steve's heart hammered in his ears, his hands were cold and his world threatened to turn to jelly, but he needed to be steady, a rock, a safe haven for his son, who,
"Let's be honest, you don't look like a Hollywood star," Tony said with a friendly smile. "Besides, even if your exit hasn’t been leaked to the press, you never know when a reporter might appear. We gotta be careful."
Steve took the two cups, stood up, refilled them with coffee and handed one to Tony, smiling crookedly. “You know I don’t have any alcohol here, Tony.”
Tony didn’t remember any of that, of course. But he knew the feeling. That feeling hadn’t been erased, because Tony had grown up with it, with Howard always extolling the perfection of the great Captain America and, as if that weren’t enough, the feeling had worsened after Tony had met and started working together with the real Captain. Everyone around Steve wanted to live up to the living legend, they wanted to prove their worth to the great Captain America, the one who was the inspiration of all who swore to fight for justice and freedom. Of course, nobody did. Of course, nobody
Tony just needed the courage to approach. He knew that in the final count, Steve was the light between them and Tony was, well, a walking disgrace, full of traumas and defects, and with his heart resting on a metal crutch that pierced his chest, leaving him full of strange and painful scars. Not to mention all the trauma that Howard had left behind. Tony shook his head. He didn't want to go that way that night. They were off duty. Just happy thoughts.
“The pollen present in the anthers has a substance that comes close to the flavonoid icariin, known for its
It was a miracle. Steve had died that day on the steps on his way to the courthouse, when he would be tried for the crimes he committed, during what became known as the Civil War of the superhero community, after approval of the Superhuman Registration Act. Of course, the trial never happened, because Steve was shot and killed with four shots before they even finished climbing those infinite steps. He died like a hero, trying to save the policemen and guards who made his escort, believing that the sniper shot could hit them. Typical of Steve. To sacrifice himself for people he didn’t even know. Imagine what he was able to do for those he considered his friends?
“What's up, Cap?” Peter nodded slightly, but then turned his attention to the paper Tony was holding.
"What kind of dream? A nightmare?” Tony knew nightmares were not only frequent as they were expected, doing what they did. And Steve used to have some of the most disturbing.
“But I do. And they will end up knowing it, too,” Steve took another step. “But the most important thing is that when I look at you, I see the dream that I never knew I had until it was you. I see my world gain a new sky that has the exact shade of blue of your eyes. When I look at you, Tony, I see my best friend, the person I trust the most, with whom I don’t need to be Captain America. With you I can be just Steve Rogers, and I know that you will believe me when I say I’m bad or you will pretend to believe that I’m fine simply if that’s what I need at that moment, because you know me better than anyone, but you will still stay.” Steve took another step. If he gave one more, he would reach Tony. “You were the only one who came to see if I was okay, even though you hide yourself. Everyone just believed it when I said I was fine, no one saw it behind the lie. Nobody bothered to return. Except you.”
of the War to get richer, and in the end, people still saw me as the good guy. I let you die with people believing you were a bad person. I chased our friends. I created the clone of a god. I haven’t done a single good thing since Stamford, at least people can tell me, but I can only feel
That's why I left you, because I knew that you couldn't stand me at that moment. You needed space to understand everything that had just happened, you needed time to process years of lies and half-truths. I just wish I could tell you that, in the midst of so much mistrust, you could still trust me. But you would
Tony’s hands came to life and were on Steve’s shoulders and back, marking his smooth skin with his nails, his mouth leaving hickeys on his neck, feeling everything he could from that man to whom he had given his heart and his soul.
Tony’s entire body lit up, reacting to the vision, and he felt a smile spread across his face and found himself watching the gleam in his eyes on the armor’s hub. His body moved, coming out from behind the chimney and taking a step, instinctively. But, then, Tony stopped. As if someone was holding him by the collar, he was unable to move. He was so close, why couldn’t he take that leap and reveal himself to Steve? Why couldn’t he show his face and his smile of extreme happiness to see his best friend alive again?
person. Otherwise, your condition may continue to get worse and may even be fatal, sir.” Jarvis sounded hesitant.
He could only think of that man on the roof of the building in front, who was thoughtful, looking at the stars, his face placid, his eyes shining, his golden hair almost white in the moonlight, and his lower lip accentuated forward. Steve looked so innocent there, but so lonely. Someone who had just been resurrected, after more than a year dead, must have been celebrating with many friends. But there he was, alone, lit by the moon, like a spotlight exclusive to him, accentuating the trait of Steve’s life that always hurt Tony the most: his inability to really fit. He never really looked happy, and Tony knew that because he was able to recognize Steve’s different types of humor. And genuinely happy was the rarest and most beautiful of them all.
Tony held up his hands. “Start from the beginning. What the hell are you talking about, what do you mean Pepper called
of you - and even that you thought that if you had told me about everything, I wouldn’t believe you,” he leaned forward, propped up on his elbows, and looked at Tony. “You know, you could’ve tried. I could’ve listened to you; I could’ve helped you find a solution. We could’ve avoided all of this together.”
"Oh," Tony repeated. Steve apparently had the power to make him forget how to speak coherently. Tony cleared his throat. "Are you hungry? Sit down and eat some. You had a long day and, God knows when you'll be able to stop for another quiet meal."
Tony’s heart swelled. Steve was waiting for consent. If Tony told him to stop, Steve would stop and they would never talk about what happened there. Tony smiled, released his leg from Steve’s hand and leaned toward him, looking deep into his eyes.
"Bye to you all," Tony said loudly, catching the attention of all the Avengers present. "I'll see you in a few days. Until I come back, please do not destroy the Tower, behave as civilized people, anything you need, call Steve or ask Friday, and do not let the world be destroyed.”
The Avengers, no matter how good they are, don’t come home with Steve at the end of the day. Bucky, even if he’s back, doesn’t go on missions with Steve as in the old times of their partnership, because now he and Natasha were a pair. How, then, could Steve consider his home there? How could he have wanted to come back? Tony saw his list of questions grow and no real opportunity to ask them.
“I can take care of that, Captain,” Thor said, taking the lead. He lifted his ax, drawing a lightning from the sky and holding it to the metal like a torch.
"Do not forget, the energy signature is coming straight from the fountain in the middle of the Lincoln Center," Natasha reminded them.
"Look, I understand if you don't want to accept it, but here you can have a normal stay, as if you were in your own home," Steve actually smiled this time. Tony looked away for a few seconds, then smiled and looked at Steve, who felt his heart racing. "Okay, then. I accept your guest room, Steve."
"Everyone who can fly or reach the top of the buildings, climb up and look for any sign of destruction, smoke, debris, screaming people, sirens, anything. The others will search for land.
Tony’s brain was full of cotton. He was numb with that whole statement. Steve saw him as a lifeguard. Steve saw Tony as Tony saw Steve. How was that possible? It didn’t feel right. Steve was the safe haven there, not Tony. Tony was the Bermuda Triangle, sucking everything and everyone around into chaos. He couldn’t be the beacon that led to safety. Tony’s heart was racing, responding for him, propelling him forward, but his legs were still frozen. Something was still missing ...
"I want to know about you," Tony looked at him and Steve moved in his chair, suddenly feeling uncomfortable with the intensity of those extremely curious eyes that seemed to see inside him.
“Tony, we were at war. I won’t say that I agree with what you did, nor will I say that it was right. You know what I think, otherwise you wouldn’t be here asking me to forgive you. But it’s not up to me to forgive you.
Steve looked at Tony with eyes full of pain. "But that's how I feel, Tony. Just like that. I should protect my son, look after him. Instead, he's spending the night in jail, accused of killing a schoolmate. What kind of a father am I if can't I protect my child from
"How about that incredible pasta you made the other day, Cap?" Peter suggested, pulling back his uniform of nano particles.
You can say what you want, but New York is the best city in the whole world, with its chaotic streets, mesmerizing lights and ending with the people that make the city unique. And, of course, for being the home of the Avengers.
They got out of the car and Peter ran to find Steve. Tony stood next to the car, watching from a distance, giving them both the best privacy possible. It was a beautiful and extremely sad scene to see. Steve wrapped Peter in his arms and leaned over his son, trying to protect him, hide him from the world so cruel and insensitive that had turned against that kind boy. Peter hugged Steve by the waist and Tony noticed that his shoulders were shaking. It was all so unfair. A boy shouldn't go through any of that. A father shouldn't feel helpless when his son needs help. A lawyer shouldn’t be attached. Despite all the "shouldn'ts", there they were, reversing all the roles, with the boy being put on trial for a crime that he certainly hadn't committed, his father completely lost and finding himself in a situation for which no training had never prepared him for, and the lawyer was already emotionally attached not only to the case, but to those two human beings, who made him feel only himself, as he had not felt for a long, long time.
I apologize for taking so long to post a new chapter, but life's been extremely complicated and busy. I must say that I felt as frustrated as Tony having to travel to Dubai.
Tony sighed, admitting defeat. There was no use trying to postpone for much more. “What do you remember from before you died?”
“For the lies, for not being more reasonable, for not talking to you before ... for not saving you.” Thinking that he could have done something to avoid the shots still deeply troubled Tony. He had secretly created counter-attack plans in possible sniper scenarios, such as the day of Steve’s death. It would never happen again.
were sitting a little further away playing video games and Sam was sitting on the couch behind Natasha.
Steve shrugged. “I suspected. It was a leap of faith. And even if it backfired, one thing was certain: I'd still have the person I wanted the most in my arms, so I'd be able to heal myself.”
we met during a mission, but he had his own agenda and I had mine. But we needed to help each other in order to finish what had to be done. He never knew what I was doing there and I never knew what he was doing there. I could’ve known, but I never wanted to."
"Not that having people looking at me has ever stopped me before, but if I may ask, try not to look so much, okay? I don’t care, but Steve is kinda shy when he knows there’s other people looking.”
Five minutes later, the eleven Avengers were gathered in the hangar of the quinjet splitting into their respective groups.
Steve ran a hand through his hair, then his face, and ended up resting his chin on his hand. He was watching Tony as if he were seeing him for the first time. “How was it when you woke up?”
“Tony, what're you talking about? You're delusional, we need to take you to a doctor.” Steve's voice sounded very concerned, Tony could hear it, but all that mattered was how good Steve smelled, how wonderful it was to be so close to him. Why was Tony worried before? Everything was fine.
“Guys?” Peter called. “That’s alright. I don’t mind, because I've really heard all sort of things out there. And I'm not a child anymore!”
They walked for a few minutes, following Friday's instructions to locate themselves inside the A.I.M. base, until they reached the elevator that gave access to the basement.
“Help me get back to being myself,” Tony asked, grabbing Steve’s arms tightly. “Steve, please, help me.”
“Sure, no problem.” She hesitated a little and Tony frowned. Natasha didn’t hesitate. “Are you coming?”
“Take your time,” Steve said from the roof. “I’m going to go in and have something hot. When you decide, the door will be open and there will be a cup waiting for you inside,” he turned and went back into the apartment, but Tony’s sensors indicated that the door really was unlocked.
He and Steve had already been around each other many times, fighting side-by-side, spending time together or with the rest of the team, but never before Tony's heart pounded as much as now. Never before his mouth was so dry. Never before he wanted to touch Steve back. Never before he wanted to ask Steve to stay.
"How lucky we are," Tony grabbed his bag and headed downstairs, with Steve following him closely. "We have only a little more than a mile to the final destination.”
Tony nodded and turned to Strange, who was waiting patiently. “Very well, Strange. We'll take care of your box while you take your vacation and you owe us a favor. Anything, no matter when.” Tony smiled crookedly. Two could play that game.
"What? What do you mean?" Steve was confused. Five years ago he was a confused mass in mourning for Peggy's death trying to be strong for Peter. How could that help?
“Who?” Tony asked and it was possible to hear explosions in the background. "You're not talking about Parker, are you?"
Tony’s heart squeezed and expanded, all at the same time with butterflies that found some opening in the armor and reached his stomach.
Steve held Tony in his arms for what seemed like forever, but Tony didn’t care. He was getting drunk on Steve’s scent, concentrated and potent, awakening Tony’s most incredible feelings of love - and possession, too. Steve loved him. Until the end. They were now each other’s, forever, to support, help, care for, to love. Tony tightened his arms around Steve’s waist.
Since they had left Alaska, Steve hadn’t said anything else and that was making Tony uncomfortable. It wasn’t uncommon for the soldier to be silent, but something was happening, Tony could feel it, he just couldn’t know exactly what it was.
"And how is he getting here from New York so fast?" Steve heard Natasha sigh, but she didn't respond right away. "Natasha, what do you know?"
"I think that’s the fun of the whole thing." Nat said from across the table. Steve blinked and swallowed. His face turned red and he looked away.
Clint shrugged and bit into a slice of pizza he was holding. At that moment, as if waiting for the right time, the elevator door opened and Steve stepped out of there, freshly bathed, with his hair still damp on his forehead, bare feet, wearing black shorts and a blue T-shirt.
wanted to. It never crossed my mind that some magic ingredient could be part of this equation, and that in the end, you’d get intoxicated by a magical flower.” Steve didn't look Tony in the eye. His gaze was fixed on the hands resting on his lap.
“I missed your optimism,” Tony said. “But it’s easy for you to say. You died as a martyr. I was deposed as an outcast.”
"Thanks, you guys are awesome." He cleared his throat and looked serious. "Friday, what triggered the alarm?"
Tony sucked Steve's tongue slowly, enjoying his delicious moan, and gripped the soldier's hair tightly. Tony pushed Steve enough to look him in the eye and there was almost no blue, there were only the extremely dilated pupils denouncing the desire. He could feel Steve's erection beneath him and Tony was not much different.
Tony woke with a jolt. His stomach was in his throat, and he needed a second to remember himself where he was.
“Aye!” The god of thunder and Tony grabbed each of the sides of the structure and pulled it off the ground.
The world outside doesn’t exist, Tony. Neither before nor after. There are just you and me. And that’s all,” Steve smiled the brightest of smiles.
Strange slowly turned back to face Tony and Steve and his eyes were immediately drawn to their intertwined fingers.
Tony was taken by surprise. He expected anything but that. Throughout the War, Tony always imagined Steve on the other side wanting Tony’s head on a silver platter, never someone who was - no, scratch that - not someone who
Peter rested his head on his hands. "This is a nightmare." Tony started the car and left the police station parking lot without saying anything.
Steve laughed. “We have a chance to start over, Tony. I can leave the past behind, where it really belongs. And you can start over, even with your second-hand memories. Learn from experience. It’s not just because you have lost the original memories that you can’t learn from what happened, that you can’t feel anything about it. But allow yourself to move on,” Steve smiled.
Tony waited for the elevator door to close to release the air he was holding and tried to control his heart. He was sure that Steve could hear every beat with his improved audition, but that was the least of Tony's problems at the moment.
“Motorcycles ready, Captain,” Friday announced. “In fact, I am glad to see that you have adapted well to the new uniform, Miss Maximoff.”
"Finger food," Tony didn’t even think twice. It was a birthday party for Steve and if there was one thing the soldier liked when he was at home was being practical. Complicated missions and enemies were enough.
Tony’s brain was in trouble. Almost a total collapse. He, the self-proclaimed futurist, the one who was always prepared for any situation, the one who foresaw the Registration Act, who foresaw the Civil War, was now a man stuck in what he once was, wishing to have memories of the past, instead of continuing yearning for the future. How did that happen? When did Steve become the person who thinks about today, who is optimistic about the future, instead of mourning what he might have had if he still lived in the 1940s? When had
“For the lies, for not being more reasonable, for not talking to you before ... for not saving you.” Thinking that he could have done something to avoid the shots still deeply troubled Tony. He had secretly created counter-attack plans in possible sniper scenarios, such as the day of Steve’s death. It would never happen again.
"Steve offered me his guest room and I'm sleeping there," Tony spewed out the words so fast he hoped Rhodes didn't understand. Unfortunately for him, his friend had understood very well.
“Okay, I'm sorry. But if you need to, just call me. You know I have the means to help you even being away.”
All this took no more than two seconds in Tony's overactive mind, that was approaching from the left side of the weapon, while Clint and Natasha followed on the right side, cornering the Scientist Supreme.
Steve got up and, giving Tony a last kiss, disappeared into the bathroom. Tony reached out to push the switch and turn on the room light, and took the tray, which he carefully placed on the bed. The smell of the coffee was delicious, and Tony allowed himself a sip of his mug, which was still hot enough. Not caring much about the fork, he pinched a few pieces of scrambled egg with his fingers and was surprised by the taste.
"So let's get this game started." Clint rubbed his hands and sat down on the floor next to Natasha. "I'm feeling like it's my night tonight.”
"Hey, my darling." Tony smiled at him. "I thought Fury had already sucked your souls and that there was no hope anymore.”
Tony knew how much damage the Registration Act and the Civil War had left behind. Steve’s death, his memory loss and Norman Osborn taking control of SHIELD were the prime examples of all that. Tony wasn’t an idiot. Losing his recent memory didn’t make him a stupid. He was still a genius who knew all that was at stake with that weird-haired lunatic in power, but he just couldn’t think of any of that.
“You’re a beautiful and intriguing flower, but were you the one who did this to me?” He turned the flower around, analyzing it from all sides. The stem was a shade of dark green, almost black, and smooth as velvet, without leaves. And the petals seemed to glow with the most diverse shades of red when the light reflected on them. Tony brought the flower close to his face and smelled it again, only to find the unusual aroma was still there. Soap, clean clothes and one more, that intrigued Tony. Then he noticed something, a detail that had gone unnoticed before.
“That doesn’t sound good. And what are all these unregulated things doing to me?” Even in his condition, Tony listened carefully to everything Jarvis said to him, and his brain, despite the hellish headache, tried to find possible patterns and causes, already thinking about a cure.
"Good night, Tony." He kissed Tony's face, bent down, picked up the water bottle and disappeared into the elevator, leaving Tony in the middle of the penthouse, with empty arms, dizzy, aroused as hell and completely fucked, because it was a fact, he thought, running his fingers through his hair:
The Sorcerer Supreme considered the question and shrugged. “That's right. I think we can say that yes, I need this box to be kept in a vault that is impossible to break into until I solve the problems in the Multiverse.” Strange looked deep into Tony's eyes. “And I know you have something like that here.”
show up when you want to. You don’t have to wait for me to call or, I don’t know, be scared or anything.” Tony zoomed in on Steve’s face and, wow, Tony was surprised by the expectation there. Steve really expected Tony to reveal himself. Steve knew that Tony was scared. Damn, he knew Tony too well. Did he know about Tony’s memory loss? But Tony just couldn’t move to get even an inch closer to Steve. He wanted, his heart wanted, but his brain kept reminiscing about their recent history and Tony just stood there, unable to say anything, to do anything but cry, frustrated, because life was unfair. Steve wanted Tony to go there. It was that simple.
“Tony, why did you accept my invitation to come in? Why did you come to spy on me?” Steve’s gaze was gentle, but he held Tony’s gaze firmly, turning Tony into a statue about to break with the vibration of his own heart. “Tony, what are you afraid of?” Steve inclined his head. They were looking at each other at the same height now.
“Yes, my parents: Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” She smiled beautifully for a moment, delighting in the sound of the names she spoke with reverence.
Steve knew that was a low blow, but it was the last straw to break through all the barriers that this beautiful girl still had.
“You’re thinking too loud, Tony.” Steve smiled warmly and ran his finger between Tony’s eyes, undoing a frown of concern that Tony hadn’t even realized had formed. “You’re worrying about things that don’t need a formula or preparation in advance. You don’t have to be the futurist now. Let things happen, Shellhead.” Steve grinned. “Remember what I told you yesterday?”
The bathroom door opened and Tony heard Steve's footsteps coming toward the bed, just stopping to sit facing him in bed. He was covered in a soft white robe, wide-awake, his face fresh and washed, his hair brushed back, his blue eyes glittering at Tony. No. Not at Tony, but for what Tony was
"Well, if I'm bored, I just need to look for the most handsome man at the party and remember how lucky I am to have him in my life," Steve looked at Tony, his eyes intense. "And goodbye boredom.”
Tony frowned. What question was that? Why was Steve asking that? It didn’t make sense. Everyone knew he didn’t remember everything ... Then a light went on in Tony’s head.
“It’s ready.” Tony wanted to smile, as he always did when he finished a particularly difficult and challenging project, but not this time. This time his eyes filled with tears for the future ahead of them.
“Yes, you can,” Steve came over and kissed him, because he simply could. Tony responded with enthusiasm, squeezing Steve’s cheeks and enjoying the moans that made his whole body vibrate. Steve pulled away to take a breath and ran the side of Tony’s neck slowly with wet kisses, ending with a hickey where the neck and collarbone met. Tony sighed loudly and tightened his arms around Steve, running his fingers down his back, pressing his body against Steve’s, trying to reach any piece of skin he could get with his mouth, because he needed to taste Steve.
Maybe it was when they first met and fought Loki and saved the world together for the first time and became best friends.
Steve thought at the sight of Tony's face, completely transformed because of the sadness for not even got a smile from that girl they already loved. Do we love? He released the other’s hand. Yes, we love her.
, Tony?” Steve’s gaze was all over Tony, enveloping him, trapping Tony much more efficiently than his hands. It was hypnotic and Tony suspected that that look had some kind of supernatural power over him, because Tony started to feel things that he hadn’t felt for a long, long time. Things he thought he couldn’t even feel anymore. But apparently the evidence that they still existed was still around.
Suddenly, making his heart reach his mouth and return to its place, and almost dropping the mug, Tony felt an arm wrap around his waist and a mouth kiss the side of his head. “Good morning.”
Unable to restrain himself, Tony trailed Steve's face with his fingertips, following the line of his jaw, and back to caress his hair. With a sigh, Steve opened his eyes and smiled as he met Tony's gaze.
Tony shrugged, pretending not to care, but paying attention to Steve's every reaction. "Not all of my clients are so quick to accept everything I say. Most of them think they know how to do what I do after watching a few seasons of Suits and Law and Order, and start to make guesses and criticize my job before I even start. Having someone who just says 'okay' is ... well, unusual and ..." Tony smiled, but soon tried to hide, without much success. It was ...
Tony tried to buy as much time as he could while they were at the police station, asked all the questions he could ask the annoying Chief Ross, ignored the fact that some of them he didn't even need to ask, after all, he was Tony Stark, the famous criminal lawyer from New York, capable of solving seemingly impossible cases. But even then, he tried everything. All to buy time for Pepper, who was running out of time and against logistics, and was trying to find a judge friendly enough to let the boy spend his days until the trial at home. Unfortunately for everyone involved, Peter would spend the night at the police station until his transfer to a penitentiary was promulgated by the prosecutor's office - or until he and Pepper managed to get him out.
“Very well.” He smiled at Steve. "I'm sorry, dear, but I can’t stay. I have a date with three adorable winged ladies and a monster with multiple heads.”
"Yes. You're going to run into a hallway and three doors. One of them is a bathroom. Choose the room you want.”
didn't work?” Tony made a flourish with his hand, pretending to cast a spell in the box's direction.
the party, tweeted about the two of us, there's no picture to prove. Besides, Pepper assured me that she would take care of everything until we decided to go public.”
Especially now that the most surreal and incredible news, and an answer to Tony’s most secret prayers, had reached him. Steve Rogers was alive. He was back, walking between us. And Tony needed to see it for himself.
, where they found him. As if they closed a cycle. Arriving in the Arctic that day, Tony felt himself the most selfish of men, but he just didn’t care. He wanted Steve all to himself, if only for a second, before he never saw his friend again. He wanted to be able to say what he hadn’t achieved during the funeral open to the public. He wanted to say what he had never said to Steve, but he should have. But even there he couldn’t.
Tony's mind was filled with everything Tony loved most about Steve, in an ocean of loving smiles, conversations without judgment, but understanding; friendship and love. Well,
“Sam doesn’t know how to play,” Natasha shrugged. “And the three kids there prefer video game. So yes. It's just the four of us.”
"But I want to help, Dad," Peter said, when the three of them were already inside the house, with the doors and windows closed and locked. "You know that I can be useful."
“That I don’t have to lie anymore, that all that weight on my back can finally go. Because I know which path I must take and how I will be on it.”
Tony has never felt anything like that in his life. Of course, others had already passed through his life. Playboy fame hadn’t come out of the blue. But it had never happened before with that level of commitment, intimacy, passion, trust and, most importantly, love. It was as if in a minute Tony was on the edge of a precipice and, in the next minute, he was flying through the void in a million pieces.
Steve smiled beautifully and held Tony by the waist, pulling him close, sticking him to his body and they began to dance, not caring much for the rhythm. Tony laughed.
Strange's eyes widened, but it lasted a fraction of a second, and Tony was extremely happy to have managed to see the panic in them. “No, that's all.” He stopped and swallowed. Tony could see the Sorcerer's Adam's apple rising and falling with difficulty. “Thank you, Stark.”
Tony’s brain was in trouble. Almost a total collapse. He, the self-proclaimed futurist, the one who was always prepared for any situation, the one who foresaw the Registration Act, who foresaw the Civil War, was now a man stuck in what he once was, wishing to have memories of the past, instead of continuing yearning for the future. How did that happen? When did Steve become the person who thinks about today, who is optimistic about the future, instead of mourning what he might have had if he still lived in the 1940s? When had
“You agreed to stay here,” Steve continued. “And we're very happy about that. I know what it’s like to wake up in a world that is not yours. But, like me, you have met extraordinary people who will do anything to help you.”
Tony thought through the confusion of groans that it was no longer possible to know of who they were.
didn't do that, obviously.” Tony put his hand on Doctor Strange’s shoulder. “I told you that we could trust Captain America to keep his promise not to open the box.” He opened his best magazine cover smile. Theoretically, Tony wasn't lying. Steve hadn't really broken his promise to the good Doctor. Steve never opened the box or touched the flower. It was always Tony. Tony opened the box for the first time, Tony took the flower out of there, then opened the box again so that Steve could see and smell the flower ... But Steve himself? He never opened the box, so promise kept, and Captain America maintains his good reputation, thank you very much.
Tony stopped laughing and looked at him on the other side of the island. Steve was serious again and Tony felt a cold chill run through his entire body. But it wasn’t the good kind of shiver. Suddenly, all of Tony’s senses were alert.
“The view from here is beautiful, darling. But I'm more interested in knowing what sounds I can take
“I want you more than anything. I can tell you all the yeses you want.” Tony couldn’t take it anymore. “So, do you forgive me?”
Steve nodded, because he didn't trust his own voice to say how much he believed what that stranger, who he wanted to know better, was telling him. Tony squeezed Steve's shoulder, calming him. "Come on, get yourself together.
More infinite moments passed as the geniuses in the room thought, but from different points of view, when Liz finally lifted her head and looked at Tony.
“And why don't you protect the box yourself?” Natasha asked. “Put one of your spells on it and that's it.” She shrugged.
“Okay, Mr. Obvious. Let's get down,” Sam grabbed Clint from under his arms and disappeared into the hoistway.
Steve turned Peter gently towards the door and pointed at Tony, who had been incredibly quiet all that time. Tony smiled and waved at Peter and Steve's heart was extremely grateful that Tony was such a nice and kind person.
Tony saw Steve shaking his head, outraged, and mentioning getting up, but Natasha stopped him by holding him by his shirt. "Pay attention." Tony read her lips. Steve didn't sit down again, but his eyes remained fixed on Tony, mesmerized.
“No, let me finish.” Tony put a finger to Steve’s mouth gently, silencing him. Steve nodded slightly and Tony smiled without showing his teeth. This was important to him. He wasn’t sure how to get there, but he knew where he wanted to end now that he started. “I always accepted that this would be my path, my lifestyle so to speak. But it wasn’t too bad, after all, I had friends, I had casual dates here and there, defeated villains every other day, and I always had you by my side, even when I never imagined I could have my feelings matched by yours. Life was relatively easy,” Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, who closed his eyes, enjoying the sensation.
They were passing by a rustic road of beaten sand, surrounded by incredibly green trees and colorful plants. It was cool, but very damp, and even with the air conditioning on, Tony already felt the effects of the heat in excess. And, for their luck - or not -, there was no rain forecast for that weekend.
When Peter returned from the inside the Soul Stone, Tony saw the second chance he had so much asked to the universe, even without much hope. And at that moment, Tony promised that he would do anything to never lose any of the two most important people in his life, neither Peter nor Steve.
Tony thought a little, visualizing everything he had asked to bring to the island, but couldn’t make up his mind. Steve was really good at cooking everything. He kissed Steve's cheek, stepped off of the bed, picked up the tray on the way, and walked to the bedroom door.
After almost two hours of vigil in the dark, Tony was rewarded with a person walking out of the building, straight onto the roof, not caring about the snow covering everything, and walking slowly to the edge, with his hands in his pockets, head down, thoughtful. The person rested his hands on the rail and raised his head, causing Tony to choke. It was really him. There he was, his friend, the person without whom his life was incomplete and, most importantly: he was alive and really breathing. Steve Rogers was there, in the building across the street.
"It's a twelve-hour flight, Tony. And I know you long enough to know how long your jet lag lasts. I need you to be completely focused and presentable at this meeting.”
“Well, what changed was that you and I had a fight, I forgot everything, I almost died, and then I found out that you had died,” Tony said without stopping stroking Steve’s hair, but Steve opened his eyes, focusing on Tony’s. “At that moment, when I heard the news, I lost all hope, Steve. Outside I was impassive, telling everyone that I didn’t regret anything, that I would do it all over again if needed, but as soon as I came home at the end of the day, I would curl up in bed and cry myself to sleep, thinking that I would never see you again.”
“You control yourself,” Bruce said, patting his friend's shoulder. The Hulk was already under control, so it was now safe to receive demonstrations of affection from the scientist.
- and looked back at Rhodes. "I should’ve paid more attention to where I was coming when I accepted the case, but it didn't even cross my mind that you could be involved in any way."
When it looked like he wouldn't say anything else, Tony motioned for Steve to continue the story. It couldn't end like that. Steve laughed out loud. "So, since I had nothing left to lose, I gave her a chance. And I ended up very happy to have made that decision. We got along really well, in every way. She was my best friend, with who I could talk about everything, and we worked so well together that I saw that I could be a father if it was with her by my side. It was her who made me find the courage to bring Peter home and to realize that he's the center of my universe, especially because we both knew that she wouldn't survive long. With her I learned that I could be strong for me and for him. That I could be what he needed me to be," Steve swallowed. "That's why I left the Army when Peggy died. Peter had already lost his parents once. And he had just lost another mother. No one should lose their mother even once in their lives. He had already lost twice. I couldn't let him lose two fathers too." Steve breathed out slowly and finally looked at Tony and smiled a tired smile, but genuine and sweet, from someone who lived a good life, but with whom life liked to play bad things.
with a guttural moan from the back of his throat and so they gained pace. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, giving both of them a better angle, causing each and every thrust of Steve to reach Tony's prostate in exactly the right place, making him see stars, while with one hand, Tony reached for his own cock. Steve bent down and sipped Tony's moans with deep and passionate kisses, went down to the base of his neck, where surely some marks would appear denouncing the hickeys, and then he felt that he was near to come and increased the pace. Tony also increased the speed in his own cock and they were in the same pace now. With his free hand, Tony gripped Steve's neck tightly and felt his body tighten.
are my home, my safe haven. My best friend. You are the love of my life, Tony Stark. It’s with you that I want a new beginning that will last forever.”
Tony turned to Peter, who was looking out with an empty expression. "Hey, Peter," and when Peter turned around, Tony wished he were more than a lawyer, and that he could hug Peter, help him in ways that the laws can't. The boy's eyes were pure sadness and bitterness, feeling a guilt that wasn’t his. "I know it seems impossible, but you really need to be strong now. From the door out, you need to be a rock, an example of impassivity. If you want to fall, scream, be vulnerable, be it. But be it here inside your house. Let this be your sanctuary, together with your father. The world doesn’t deserve you, Peter. But you don’t allow this world to crush you," Tony put his hand over Peter's and squeezed it. It wasn't a hug, but it would do. "And I’ll be here to help you."
Steve licked until reaching Tony's balls, where he stopped for a while, and slid a finger into Tony, that moaned loud and arched his body.
“I know, I know,” she said, her hands raised defensively. “But it was the best I could think of. You can fight with me later, but now you have to go there.” She was tired, her expression low and with dark circles under her eyes. It mustn’t have been easy to deal with that whole thing, Tony thought.
Tony slid his finger across the touchscreen, surprised with the number of songs available, until he found the one he was looking for. He then positioned himself in the middle of the stage and the lights began to flash, colored, over him, making Tony look like a beautiful futuristic hologram.
Steve blinked several times, returning to reality. He tried to smile, but he couldn't tell if it worked. "This is good, isn't it?"
"I understand you're frustrated," Steve said softly, relievingly. “But you don't need to throw your frustration at them.”
Unconsciously, Steve slammed on the brakes, right in the middle of the street, and stared at the reporters, his heart pounding inside his chest, the ice expanding into his arms and legs, his mind emptying out completely, not at all thinking coherently, his lungs not expanding enough to accommodate the air that was trying to get in. Panic attack.
Steve was clearly confused. His eyes darted back and forth across the kitchen island, without focusing on any specific object. He seemed to do the math and tried to put together a timeline that made no sense to him. Tony then had his answer. No, Steve didn’t know about his memory loss and he wasn’t sure which feeling to choose to live that moment. He had several at his disposal. In the end, Tony chose relief with doses of apprehension. It seemed appropriate.
"The Renaissance never disappoints," he said, looking at the huge room in front of him, the magnificent view of Dubai beneath the full-length windows, the bright floor, the cushioned couches in the room, and the flawless décor. “Let’s see if the bed remains as good as I remember.”
"The rooms are upstairs," the two exchanged an intense look, as if suddenly they had remembered why they were there. The butterflies in Tony's stomach went wild.
Tony leaned his head back, resting on Steve’s shoulder. “Okay,” he sighed heavily, making a little drama. “I can live with that.”
Fuck my cock. You’re doing great, sweetie,” Steve stroked Tony’s thighs, his pecs, twisted his nipples, he touched every part of Tony he could reach. Tony needed him right now. So he’d be what Tony needed. “Just like that, Tony. Fuck that cock like you’ve always wanted, because it’s yours. Come on, take it for you. Fuck it good, babe! Fuck it real good. You’re so gorgeous and tight, you know that? C’mon, babe, clench that ass on my cock. Take it all for you.
“Don’t be so hard on her. She was scared and scared for you. She just wanted to protect you from more pain.”
Steve collected the plates and cutlery and put them in the dishwasher, went to one of the cupboards, took a bottle, two glasses and went back to his place on the island.
Tony blew out a breath and leaned across the table, crossing his fingers. "Two days ago she called me saying that the Boston police were investigating the murder of a boy and that this investigation had been going on for a few weeks, without any advance. The news is that she had heard conversations that the investigation was about to change and be solved. When I asked how it would happen, she was unable to tell me, but asked me to stay on standby if she called again," Tony stopped to check the surroundings again. Too much care? Never. "A few hours later she really called me again and told me that the case had gotten an important clue, the DNA of a suspect, in good condition, directly at the crime scene. When I asked her why she cared about it, she told me that the owner of the DNA sample found was her godson and that he wasn’t the one to blame and she was absolutely sure of that. I tried to argue that she had an intimate relationship with the boy and everything we can use as a counterpart argument, but she was convinced: it hadn’t been the boy, and then my biggest shock came: she asked me for a favor, a very big and old favor. The only bargaining chip she still had with me. Then I had two certainties, Rhodes."
A sudden glare hurt Tony's retinas, even with his eyes closed. He immediately sat on the bed and covered his eyes.
On Earth, everything had gone back being what it had always been, with the usual villains, with their plans to dominate the world or to destroy New York or simply to destroy the Avengers and then make their way for the rest. It was good to be back to the routine.
he thought. But now he needed one. And as soon as possible, it was a matter of life and death. Steve frowned at the unintended pun. What an inappropriate moment ...
Or maybe it was when he thought Steve had turned into dust too, and Tony would never be able to say that he was sorry for everything and that none of that was worth it.
“According to the schedule, these are the best options, boss.” Several hangers slipped out of the clothing rails, making swing the summer clothes that Friday had selected.
Steve scanned the document and found nothing extraordinary, so he signed and passed the pen to Peter, who signed it next to Steve's signature.
After almost two hours of vigil in the dark, Tony was rewarded with a person walking out of the building, straight onto the roof, not caring about the snow covering everything, and walking slowly to the edge, with his hands in his pockets, head down, thoughtful. The person rested his hands on the rail and raised his head, causing Tony to choke. It was really him. There he was, his friend, the person without whom his life was incomplete and, most importantly: he was alive and really breathing. Steve Rogers was there, in the building across the street.
Tony finished his last glass of sake, got up and looked at Steve resolutely. "Maybe I waited too long."
Tony propped himself up on one elbow, took a deep breath trying to clear his mind, and stood still, looking at the beautiful flower in his other hand. Then he let out a wistful laugh when the answer popped bright and clear into his mind. Tony straightened up and cradled the red lily in his two hands and was tempted to crush it.
Tony was startled and looked up. Steve was right there, in front of him, sitting on his heels, hands folded on his lap.
"I wanted to come and get you alone to surprise him," Tony said. "And also because I want to talk to you."
That hurt. Tony didn’t think he could feel anything anymore, but he found he could underestimate his own feelings when it came to Steve.
With a sigh, Tony slowly untangled his legs from Steve’s legs, got up from the bed, grabbed the nearest piece of clothing - which happened to be Steve’s T-shirt -, got dressed and went into the kitchen. There, he turned on the coffee maker and, while waiting for the coffee to be ready, he realized how strange his body was, kind of sticky, kind of rigid in strange places, which usually didn’t get that way. Lifting his shirt to see what was wrong, Tony laughed not meaning to. A transparent, slightly whitish layer covered a large part of his abdomen, making it stiff and uncomfortable.
He came over and gave Tony a quick kiss. Tony tangled up his legs with Steve's and let out a sigh of satisfaction.
Steve gave a sad little smile, as if he expected something else. “Me too,” he took a sip of coffee and composed himself. “And what happened to
“A portal of unknown origin appeared on the 5th with 22nd East, near Madison Square Park,” Friday responded immediately.
Steve shrugged. “You’re the one to blame here, babe. It was you who brought me back to the bed and held me here.”
But how to control Tony's effects on him? There was no antidote for Tony Stark. There was only one option: to get more and more numb.
flower that Strange brought is a sex-pollen vector.” Tony tilted his hands, making the light reflect on the petals, that shone like jewels. “That son of bitch brought a sex-pollen flower to my Tower! And I was stupid enough to smell it. That's why I'm like ... like
A delicious chill ran through Tony’s body. Was that really happening? He released Steve’s cock and, leaning on his elbows, crawled to the headboard and smiled.
“Okaaay,” Tony stretched the vowel, frowning, because he still couldn't believe that was really happening. “Let me see if I got it right,” Tony started. “You came here today, invaded my Tower, took us by surprise with your visit - you could've at least called before, don't you think? - and came to ask us to be bodyguards for a
“If it's true, you won't mind if I do this, will you?” Tony's heart threatened to tear his chest apart.
Tony, Steve and Natasha were on duty that morning, while Clint, Sam and Hulk went for a reconnaissance mission of an AIM base, and Thor was in Asgard ... well, solving whatever Asgardians needed solving.
With the party the night before, he had barely managed to rest. Not counting all those days with Tony away that made him extremely nervous and stressed, making him roam around the Tower like a zombie, fighting the urge to call Tony and say he was missing him.
He, Natasha Romanoff, the lethal spy known as the Black Widow, Bruce Banner, the alter ego of the monster fed by pure rage Hulk, Sam Wilson, the winged Avenger known as Falcon, Wanda Maximoff, the Scarlet Witch and the android Vision were gathered in the equipment room, preparing for another imminent mission - that they still did not know what it would be.
“I just wanted to let you know that I was going to reach you,” Steve continued, speaking into the night. If someone passed by there, they could find two things from that scene: Steve was crazy or he was Romeo swearing to Juliet by the moon. Tony tried to laugh at his own ridiculous joke, but only managed to sob. Steve was going to try to talk to him. He was. Tony tried to blink to get the tears out of his eyes. He wanted to see Steve, in addition to just hearing him. “But, you know, Tony, everything has been so crazy since I … well, since I
I did.” Steve shrugged. “Anyway, if it makes you happy, I forgive you, but only if you also forgive yourself.”
"Think with me, Nat. How does a family leave away and just leave the house behind? Even if a crime has happened there, and the police need the place for the investigation, it takes no more than a few days. The Wolmurs certainly would need the money from the sale or rent of the house to survive elsewhere."
"Tony," Steve's voice was hoarse, but he continued. "You are Tony Stark and you are helping me," he saw that Tony was smiling. His mind started to look like what he was used to again and the world to look less gelatinous. "You are my lawyer," Steve continued, because talking about Tony was apparently a good remedy for the panic to go away. "My
Tony opened his saddest smile and he saw how his expression affected Steve, who frowned and opened and closed his hand on the kitchen island, as if, for a moment, he wanted to reach Tony, but he had changed his mind. Tony nodded. “Yes, I chose it. I
Steve shrugged. “Don’t judge yourself so hard. It wasn’t a mission or anything.” He suddenly stopped and looked sideways at Tony. “It wasn’t a mission, was it?”
Tony opened the button on Steve's pants and slowly lowered his zipper. He could already feel Steve's boner, fighting the fabric, but he held on.
“Those who are affected by the pollen have their greatest passions and desires increased at the peak of the peaks. Especially those we try
Then Tony’s stomach did a twist and went back into place when he felt his hands being squeezed back. He felt his eyes widen and looked at Steve in surprise.
"Great. So we need to park the car, okay?" Tony's voice was light, but Steve could see the forced nonchalance. He looked in the rearview mirror and saw that he had suddenly stopped in the middle of the street.
And Steve knew. Steve knew that his son was afraid that his father was there to judge and blame him. Even with hope on his face, Peter was afraid that he had disappointed his father, that he would be disgusted. But he was anything but that.
Tony did what he asked, simply because he couldn’t do anything else. He had no strength left. He had just received the best of the prizes and had to refuse. How to continue after that?
"But who?" Steve wondered aloud, startled by his own voice in the empty, silent house. He didn't know any lawyers.
to wait. I wanted to understand what had happened, I wanted to help you and ...” Steve hesitated. He exhaled, resigned. “I also wanted you to help me. The two of us coming back from the dead? What are the chances?” Steve let out a sad laugh. “But I had to leave, I had to leave you there with Strange, hoping for the best, praying that you would come back. I wish that we could talk and do what we are doing now, but there, at that moment. I ...” Steve looked away, suddenly unsure of what to say.
"Let's get this over with," Steve said, nausea threatening to take over. With a push, he opened the car door and let the cold Boston afternoon air hit him, and clear his mind enough that he could put one foot in front of the other to get where he needed to be: next to Peter. He walked around the back of the car and joined Tony, who looked extremely comfortable, totally in his element, with his sunglasses shining in the pale sun, his hair letting in the light breeze, without making him unkempt, or looking messed up in any way, but making him look like the owner of the scene.
“Oh my, what was I thinking?” Tony facepalmed himself, sarcasm dripping from every word. “You're a Doctor, you need to give us your prescription on how to keep a box in a vault.”
“Shush, Barton, less talk, more action.” Sam lifted himself over the archer and held him by the hands. “Leave them alone.”
you're not them. And I have no idea why you think you can have some kind of feelings for me.” She shook her head. “That's not how it works between dimensions. There's no connection between them, so it's simply
“Said the oblivious genius.” Steve smirked and squeezed Tony’s waist, and brought him an inch closer.
Tony blinked and took his hand from Steve's shoulder, which remained motionless. Hulk approached them.
Steve let go of the kiss and, with the tip of his tongue, ran down Tony’s jawline until he reached the neck, when he exchanged his tongue for wet kisses that took out a soft moan from the engineer.
Tony fought the urge to go to the other side and hug him, comfort him, say that everything was fine now, that Steve was at home, that Tony was there with him, that Tony would protect him this time. Having Steve being so honest, sincere and vulnerable did things to Tony’s heart that Tony hadn’t allowed himself to feel for a long time.
"You still look stunning, Mr. Stark-Rogers." Steve blinked, delighted by the sound of the two names together. They matched Tony perfectly.
you to do with me and I bet you'd love to do too.” To emphasize his point, Tony rolled his hips, rubbing his erection in Steve. Tony moaned loud. “From the moment you touched me, ah, Steve, all the tension and pain was gone, but in its place, something else came up.”
Tony’s heart squeezed and expanded, all at the same time with butterflies that found some opening in the armor and reached his stomach.
He wanted to be the one that Steve would return to, the one that Steve would spend the day thinking about returning to, because Tony would be the one who’d make all the weight go off his back and make him smile when he arrived. Tony wanted to be everything Steve needed and he wanted to be the one Steve could always count on, to be the safe haven Steve had always been for him. Tony could be all that, right? Even without memory, even if he was full of flaws, even though he knew he’d never reach Steve’s perfection, he could still be there for Steve, right?
Tony opened and closed his mouth several times, unable to articulate what he was feeling. He had to say something wise at that moment, right? Perhaps to say that Steve did the right thing in realizing the obvious, that it was clear as the sunniest day he belonged to that time, to
Tony let out a nervous laugh, that sounded fake even to him. “Why do you think I still have something to tell? I already said everything.”
"Rest," Tony said, wrapping an arm around Steve's waist. "And don’t worry about anything. The zero communication rule is already on.”
But the way Steve hugged him, the things they said to each other, the way their hearts were opened and exposed, completely vulnerable, the way the both left all their armor outside (literally and figuratively), and allowed themselves to be just them, that couldn’t have been in vain.
Tony's heart squeezed. Was it possible that there was still some doubt within Steve that he was everything Tony had always wanted and needed? Could he think that everything that had happened in the last few days, in the last hours, could be somehow temporary? Did Steve have any doubts that Tony loved him with all his soul? Tony put his mug back on the tray, pushed it far enough to give him passage, and careful not to spill everything, crawled over Steve, took the mug from his hands and climbed into his lap, one leg on each side, trapping the soldier underneath. Steve grabbed Tony's waist and smiled.
Tony moaned. Of all the things Steve could’ve said, of all the things he could’ve remembered to quote, did it have to be that?
The officiant turned to Steve. "Steven Grant Rogers, do you take Anthony Edward Stark as your husband?"
Tony felt his presence even before his sensors identified Steve approaching on his right side. They had been fighting together for years now and nothing seemed able to weaken the relationship they had built. Not even the divergence of ideas that divided the Avengers and made Tony and Steve stay two whole years without talking. In fact, the Avengers’ Civil War only served to make the two, and the rest of the team, realize that they were stronger together and that being without the other was a price too high and not worth being paid.
“I wish there was something I could say to you that day,” Steve said, his eyes glued to Tony, holding Tony in place. “I wish I could have said something that would make all that pain you let me see go away. It kills me a little every day, since that meeting, to know how you can feel this way, so worthless, so small, so
Steve snuggled up on the pillows and leaned on his elbows to watch Tony slowly crawl over his body, all the while staring at the soldier's eyes until he stopped his face a few inches from Steve's and breathed the same air. Tony leaned over and bit Steve's lip, who smiled.
“Before I give you the box, there is one thing I need to say about it that you need to know.” Strange stopped smiling and looked seriously at each of the Avengers present, his eyes getting darker.
"Speaking of company," Tony let go of Steve's neck and took an envelope from the inside pocket of his coat. "Here's your gift.”
Tony did what he asked, simply because he couldn’t do anything else. He had no strength left. He had just received the best of the prizes and had to refuse. How to continue after that?
It could only be a dream, right? An incredibly good dream, but put there by someone bad, who knew how much Tony wanted that happiness, but could
“That you missed me and that you thought about me all this time?” Steve’s eyes shone with anticipation and practically shouted “say yes!”
"Where are you going, Mr. Stark?" Peter asked from the couch in front of the huge TV where he, Thor and Hulk were playing Call of Duty.
"Steve, that's not what I meant. Please!" Tony had his hands flat in front of him, defending himself. "I think it's great that I have this information, because, well, it doesn't interfere with anything in our professional relationship, but I wouldn't want us to be uncomfortable with each other while I'm your guest."
“Tell me something, Doctor Magic.” Tony took a step forward, approaching the Sorcerer Supreme and looking at him from head to toes. “Why would we help you? Why would you come to me, among all the possibilities on your little list, to ask for help? To ask me to protect your precious little box with
Tony looked at Steve, who shrugged and smiled. How beautiful he was. And he was in love with Tony. What were the odds?
, when we trust each other. See what happened when we hid things from each other,” Steve waved his hand between them and raised an eyebrow.
Tony and Thor landed in front of Clint and Steve with no apparent scratches. The faceplate of the armor opened revealing Tony's face.
"Come with me," the detective said, turning and walking down a corridor flanked by some doors, until he stopped in front of one.
was.” Tony blew out a heavy breath. “So, I don’t know, but I like to think that, before I really erased everything, I thought about what
“That I wouldn’t change the fact that I ended up here, that I was frozen. I wouldn’t go back there. This is where I should be, where I belong.
With his pants loose enough, Tony slid his hands to Steve's ass and slipped a hand through the fabric. His hand covered one of the cheeks and Tony squeezed it.
“The conclusion we've come to is that we're incredible in every dimension,” Tony said with a chuckle.
Without further orders, they all headed to their positions, with Thor summoning his lightning to reach the first head and Hulk jumping toward the second and punching it hard. Tony focused his efforts on the third and fourth heads, launching his short-range missiles into its eyes and necks.
I pretended I hated it, but I always loved the nickname, and he knew it,” She looked at Steve. “It was the last thing he said to me.”
It took a little longer than expected, but Steve and Tony will finally find out that the family has grown.
“It was completely decimated” without waiting for interruptions, she continued, “My Earth was destroyed during a cataclysmic event called incursion, in which one planet destroys the other in its path. Unfortunately, this time it was mine.”
“I think that’s it, then,” Steve said at last, when it became clear that Tony would remain hidden and silent. Steve’s face changed. His eyes fell, sad and disappointed, his mouth curved down and he stepped away from the roof rail. “Maybe next time, right?” Tony saw that he tried to smile, but failed. And with that painful scene to see, Steve turned and went into his apartment, leaving Tony alone again.
“Why do they always choose the hardest way?” Clint said, throwing a freezing arrow and hitting precisely on the Scientist Supreme's legs.
He was about to turn around when Natasha pulled him by the arm and led him to the balcony, away from the eyes and ears of the others.
"If you don't mind," Steve broke the silence. "I'm going outside to finish cleaning that awful thing and then I'm going to take a shower. It must be enough time for the ratatouille to be ready for lunch."
“Very strange.” Steve was frowning, thinking. “Something very serious happened that left Natasha extremely disturbed. She doesn’t like audiences in her interrogations."
They sat down and looked back into the other room. Natasha had given a handkerchief to the girl to wipe away the tears, but her face was still red and her eyes, bright and alive, now, were impossibly sad.
Tony blinked and felt his face heat up. He looked at his own cup and sipped his coffee. It was delicious. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I still haven’t gotten used to the idea of ...” Tony risked looking at Steve, who was looking back at him, waiting. Tony looked back at his coffee. “I still haven’t gotten used to the idea of having you back.”
Tony didn’t remember any of that, of course. But he knew the feeling. That feeling hadn’t been erased, because Tony had grown up with it, with Howard always extolling the perfection of the great Captain America and, as if that weren’t enough, the feeling had worsened after Tony had met and started working together with the real Captain. Everyone around Steve wanted to live up to the living legend, they wanted to prove their worth to the great Captain America, the one who was the inspiration of all who swore to fight for justice and freedom. Of course, nobody did. Of course, nobody
was the visitor. It was his duty to do enough for his kind host. Then Tony seasoned the chicken fillets with salt and pepper and a little lemon and left them to fry in butter, while mashing the potatoes to finish his mashed potatoes. With the puree and the fillets ready, Tony chopped the tomatoes, seasoned with salt and oil and placed everything on the island in the middle of the kitchen. He found the plates and cutlery and organized everything. Should he call Steve? Would it bother him? What if he was sleeping? What if he was drawing? Tony didn't know what to do. So he decided on neutral, and helped himself. Fate could do the rest.
Tony paused at the bathroom door and couldn’t contain all the butterflies that came to life in his stomach and the huge smile that appeared on his face.
Tony reached out and took Steve by the shoulders, gentle but firmly. "Yes, he can. But we're doing everything we can to make sure that doesn't happen. Listen, Steve. You need to understand how much more the situation is than your son being in prison. He's under arrest being charged with murder. Do you understand how is that serious?
“Come on, Tony, show up,” Steve straightened up, but his face was still calm, his features even and without a trace of anger. And his voice was neutral, without a tone of bitterness or urgency.
know everything yet," they got to the car and Tony opened the passenger door for Peter, and went on to take the wheel. "But, yes, they already know that you’re the one they’re accusing."
Steve blinked, surprised. “I thought that after all these years it was obvious,” he laughed. “You can’t fool the heart, Tony. We can try to run away from it, run as fast as we can, pretend it’s not there, disguise the evidence, but in the end, it always wins. Love always resurfaces, getting bigger and stronger. Especially after adversities, like the ones we always go through. So yes, Shellhead, I love you.”
With a grunt, Peter disengaged himself from Steve's embrace and headed for the stairs. "Fine. I'm going," he stopped at the bottom step and pointed a finger in the direction of Steve and Tony. "But I wanna help," and with that, he disappeared in the direction of his own room.
"Hey," he felt his arm warm up. When looking at the heat source, he found Tony's hand holding his arm, comforting him, grounding him. "It's okay, nothing happened. No car came in that direction. It's okay," he must've seen the suspicion on Steve's face because he laughed softly. "It's true. We're just going to park now, because we don't have to rely on luck that long, right?"
“Tony,” Steve tried calling, but his voice was distant, low, artificially calm and composed. Distantly in his mind, Tony wanted to laugh, because Steve was so cute trying to look serious when it was clear he’d love to join Tony. “Tony, for God's sake, tell me what did that flower do to you so I can try to help huh?”
“It’s amazing how one experience can put all others in perspective,” Steve suddenly said, without looking in any specific direction, and Tony found himself freezing in place, afraid that not even his armor’s camouflage would be able to cover him up there. “On any other day, some time ago, I would’ve said that the night could be better, with less clouds in the sky, to be able to see the moon,” Steve continued in a soft, almost dreamy voice. “But now, after everything that happened, I just feel grateful to be here and to be able to see the sky exactly as it is.”
she thought with a smile. Clint was like a brother. Annoying most of the time, but she loved him too much.
“Tony?” Steve called and Tony faced Steve's warning expression: tight jaw, serious eyes, raised eyebrow and lower lip slightly pointed forward. That was the first strike. Then the lecture would come. Tony usually managed to stop on the second strike, because he felt like the worst of people when he got the third strike: the look of “I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.”
"Not anymore," said Peggy, when she heard the social worker's story. "He is now our son." And so, Peter went home with them, fitting perfectly into their lives, as if he had always belonged there.
Tony shrugged and tapped his pen on the temple. "I don't need it. Photographic memory and stuff. This one," he shook the notepad. "This is for something else that is beside the point now."
Tony waited a few minutes in silence while Natasha typed when something came to mind. "Hey, can you still, you know, multitask?"
Tony couldn’t say no to the Captain when he asked for something. Then, knowing that this would be his biggest mistake, Tony stopped and thought that his heart was already too bruised, too numb, and that one more blow would make no difference. So, he waited.
Natasha couldn’t say anything. All she could see were those huge, incredibly expressive brown eyes that could declaim poems and declare wars only with their intensity and wit. Eyes that she now saw every day and that had impressed her since the first time Natasha had seen them. Tony Stark's eyes. Eyes that now was staring at her in the middle of the Lincoln Center and that did not belong to Iron Man, but to a completely strange but equally familiar girl.
Tony went over to Steve and took his hand. Being close to each other was already natural to them. Touching, hugging, kissing, random caresses around the Tower, during training breaks, during meals, on movie nights ... No matter where Steve was, if Tony was around, they’d soon attract each other to the other like magnets and wouldn’t let go. It was as if they had been together for years. And, in a way, they always have. What was missing was being able to touch as they always wanted.
Unable to support his own weight, Tony fell to the floor, in the middle of the lab. The cold floor was a breath for his hot body.
"This is a new A.I.M. base we have recently discovered," Fury said, pointing to the screen behind him. "As you can see on the map you have there, this base is on Rwanda's border with Congo at the foot of Mount Bisoke, a volcano.”
That seemed to encourage Steve, who took another step towards Tony. “I see the sun. A star so beautiful, powerful and warm, that everyone wants to stay around when it suits, but that many underestimate, that many even forget that it’s there, but it is, looking after each one of us, taking care, thinking about what’s best for us all.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw that Steve walked over to the bed on his left and sat on the edge, his hands crossed on his legs, his back straight and his gaze fixed on Tony. Tony didn’t move and continued looking at the void, but paying full attention to Steve.
He approached the stairs leading to the bottom of the penthouse where the party was taking place and found him immediately. Leaning on one of his arms at the bar counter, wearing black pants, a blue shirt folded halfway up his arm, chatting excitedly with T'Challa about something, and occasionally looking around, as if searching for something -
One of the vaults closest to the lab door was empty, so Tony decided to get rid of that weird box and put it in there.
“Thank you very much, Jarvis.” Steve raised an eyebrow and gave Tony the biggest of smug smiles. “See?”
Steve looked at the red flower for long seconds. “It's beautiful.” He leaned down, his eyes glued on the lily, and smelled it. “It smells amazing too. It's like fresh coffee, but also…” Steve waved his hand, trying to find the words. He leaned over the flower to smell it again. He frowned. “But also... oil? How can a flower like this smell like...
Steve was silent, just watching Tony, his face no longer as friendly as before. Tony had screwed everything up, of course. But Steve deserved to know everything. Tony had already lost Steve once, he had some memory missing, and he had no friends. What else did he have to lose? When it became clear that Steve would let him continue, Tony took another sip of coffee and took a breath.
During the early hours of Tony’s morning and Natasha’s evening, they decided everything about the invitations (the good old e-mail, always work for superheroes), the menu (chicken minifajitas, mini bacon quiches and hot dogs, Steve's favorites), beverages (all distillates of which Tony could remember, beer, orange juice and water), decoration ("Less is more," Natasha had said. Then they would keep the penthouse without decoration because, according to the spy, "the Tower is already naturally beautiful."), and music ("Let the DJ do his job, Tony", Natasha had said, "I'll find the best New York DJ and that's it.").
"Tony, I took over the case two days ago," Rhodes said, looking Tony in the eye. "Probably, while Natasha called you, Ross was passing me the case. I know what you're thinking. And the DNA had already been found when I took over."
“Okay,” Steve shrugged. “Don’t you want to show up? No need.” He put his hands in the front pockets of his pants. “But know that I know you’re out there. And I know you can hear me.”
a far part of his brain screamed. Taking advantage that Steve was exploring his neck with his tongue -
"Very well," Tony put the document in his briefcase and placed the file that Chief Ross had given him on the table. "While you were talking, I sent the details of this here to my office, and my associate is trying to contact a judge here in Boston to get you out of here today," he looked at Peter, who was paying attention to every detail. "As I already explained to your father, unfortunately I cannot promise that we will actually take you home today. It all depends on the judge accepting our release request. However," he looked at Steve and Steve didn't like what he saw in Tony's face. "With the appearance of your DNA at the crime scene, the police already consider the case to be solved."
you in me." Steve was panting and his skin began to glow with sweat, but his gaze to Tony was intense and filled with the purest desire.
“Aye, Captain!” The rumbling voice of the god of thunder rang in the comms, and then lightning struck the A.I.M.'s remaining agents, leaving the Hulk free space to make his way through the reinforced and theoretically impenetrable steel wall.
properties, in high concentrations. There are other substances present, but none of them are known to man.”
As if out of a trance, Clint, Thor, and Natasha began to move toward the fountain. The sky was already almost completely taken up by the night darkness, and Lincoln Center began to light up magnificently in shades of yellow and orange, casting languid shadows on the walls of the theaters. The fountain, as if waiting for the Avengers to approach it to admire its beauty, brightened brightly, and for a moment it looked more like a fire pit with dancing flames than a fountain.
Steve nodded. “When we arrived, you were barely hanging on, completely unconscious, but Pepper didn’t tell us all the why. I know now. But at the time, she simply asked us to save you, because all the other steps in your instructions had already been followed. Only our part, mine and Thor’s was missing.”
“I trust you, do whatever you want, remember?” Steve said. “I can’t catch anything. Besides, what else worse than smelling sex-pollen for you I could do?”
“We should immediately take this box inside and put it in the vault, as we promised.” Steve said, looking suspiciously at the golden box in Tony's hands.
Tony opened his eyes first, not because he was the morning person there - no, that was always Steve’s role - but he was lying facing the big window that took over almost the entire right wall of the room, and the rays of the sun completely hit his face.
“Are you going to fight me and kick me out again if I say no?” Steve shrugged. “Honestly, I always thought it was a myth.”
We managed to convince ourselves to make a truce, to become friends and to trust each other. You then invited all of us, invited
, Tony?” Steve’s gaze was all over Tony, enveloping him, trapping Tony much more efficiently than his hands. It was hypnotic and Tony suspected that that look had some kind of supernatural power over him, because Tony started to feel things that he hadn’t felt for a long, long time. Things he thought he couldn’t even feel anymore. But apparently the evidence that they still existed was still around.
Tony thought giving the biggest smile he remembered. He stood on tiptoe and pulled Steve in for another kiss. As soon as their mouths met once more, Tony was sure of the answer.
"So far it's been the best thing I've ever tasted," he said, and looked at Steve with a mischievous grin and wet his lips with his tongue. Steve's eyes darkened even more, leaving less than fine blue circles around his pupils. "But we're not done yet, are we?"
“If we can’t stop these guys and the Scientist Supreme, and he can detonate the bomb, not only Alaska, but the entire west coast of Canada, sink to Attuma’s kingdom.”
“I was just kidding, silly.” Steve kissed the top of Tony's head. “Yes, I promised you a shower, and we’re going to take that shower, don’t worry. But can we finish our coffees first?” Steve pouted.
"For panicking, for stopping in the middle of the street, for putting us both in danger ... I'm sorry," Steve closed his eyes and listened to his heart hammering in his ear.
Just over an hour later, Steve was serving two plates of succulent steaks and colored potatoes on the counter. He pushed one of the dishes and a glass of cold water into Tony's direction and pulled up a tall bench to sit beside him. Tony stuck a potato and let out a soft moan as he put it in his mouth.
Steve assessed his own situation. His ears were no longer buzzing, his eyes were focused, and despite his racing heart and still be hyperventilating, he could tell he was in control of his own body. So he nodded. "I am."
“According to my analysis, norepinephrine levels are abnormally high, while serotonin levels are ... completely off the charts, changing every minute.” Jarvis stopped, as if he was considering what to say next. “These results explain the dysregulation of your heart rate and blood pressure. However, what worries me, sir, is that your limbic system has been affected by whatever has infected you and the causative agent is making it impossible for me to analyze it.”
“Help me get back to being myself,” Tony asked, grabbing Steve’s arms tightly. “Steve, please, help me.”
Steve crawled on the bed and, from the nightstand drawer, took out a condom and a tube of lube and showed them to Tony.
Here's the new chapter! I hope you like it as much as I like writing it (spoiler: my favorite part is Tony and Nat's talk. You'll see 😉
“At the energy core, sir. A prototype discarded from the arc reactor,” an image of the inside of the gun appeared on Tony's interface, showing the exact location of the energy core.
Sitting alone, leaning against the wall of the plane, half-shrunken, looking helpless and vulnerable, but trying to keep the tough pose she had certainly learned from her father, she was the most important passenger in the world, without any exaggeration.
Tony realized that his arms were still around Steve, protective and possessive, that Steve was underneath him and that he hugged him back tightly and that neither seemed to care that this scene was happening in the middle of the day in New York.
“Come on, Tony, let me help you,” Steve’s voice was impossibly kind when he pulled away, but continued to hold Tony by the arms.
Rhodes sighed, defeated. "There's a cafe nearby, less than two blocks. We can go there," and seeing Tony's suspicious expression added, "There's where I go when I'm not Detective Rhodes. So it's safe, don't worry."
Strange shrugged. “Very well. Here is the apprenticeship we take from this whole situation. For you two and your team, when I say 'don't open it',
“That day, in court,” Steve began, leaning over the marble island and leaning on his arms. “I was shot -”
” Tony was one step away from complete nonsense. Steve had found his prostate and with each push he took Tony to the stars.
Breathing hard, both of them came to themselves with their heads resting on each other, smiling like fools. With his heart beating at the normal pace, or as normal as possible after all that, Steve got out of Tony and lay down beside him, completely exhausted, pulling Tony into his embrace, snuggling and protecting him.
was.” Tony blew out a heavy breath. “So, I don’t know, but I like to think that, before I really erased everything, I thought about what
Steve laughed, and Tony was delighted by the sound. “Yeah, but I still didn’t know. All I saw was golden armor, shiny and spectacular, that spoke to me in a kind way, trying to help me. It was a dream, of course it was. And to think that it took you so long to tell it was you inside there.”
do that, dad, please believe me," Steve felt Peter's tears wet his shirt, but he couldn't be more relieved. His son was in his arms. And he knew Steve was there for him. They were going to get out of that situation.
"I'm just here thinking that if your job as the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t work, you'd make a great farmer, Fury.”
The question danced in Tony’s tongue, but he still wasn’t sure what was going on there, he still didn’t know what ground he was on. This was anything but his comfort zone and he didn’t know how to deal with that strangeness with the person who knew Tony the most in this and any world. So unfair. How to become friends with your best friend again?
Tony felt his face heat up, but he didn’t change the subject. In fact, he accepted the challenge, lifting his chin and assuming his best stubborn expression. “Yes, sir.
Completely exhausted, Steve forced himself to accompany Tony. He had said it all. He didn’t have a convincing, scientific, or even plausible explanation for the fact that he and Tony wanted to
Tony ran a hand through his hair in frustration. “We could’ve solved all of our problems with a simple conversation.
“You know, Tony,” Steve said, getting up and walking over to the roof rail. “We’ve both been through a lot lately, together and apart. I know I wasn’t told everything I’d like to know. And I’m pretty sure they didn’t tell you that much, either,” Steve stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his pants and shrugged. It had started to snow. “So why don’t you do us a favor and come over here? I don’t want to and I’m not going to fight with you, Tony. I don’t know what they told you, but I know what you’re thinking now, and that’s not it. I just…” Steve sighed and the air condensed in front of him. “I just wanted to see you.”
"That's so unfair," Peter commented as he approached the wall. "Just a hop and he's already got up there." Without waiting for an answer, he began to climb the wall quietly.
Steve laughed, but soon later they were silent again. They stayed there like that for a while, just enjoying the coffee, the view and the proximity of each other. For Steve, happiness would have that image as a definition when he looked in the dictionary, with Tony still sleepy, but with his fast and acid humor as always, flirty like never before, because now Steve knew it was all true, with no layers, no doubts, with his soft and warm body glued to Steve’s, allowing Steve to love him and show him how Tony was essential.
“Yeah, there was that,” Tony agreed. “He also dismantled SHIELD and created HAMMER.” Tony chuckled. “The metaphor still makes me laugh. It was there, in everyone’s face, what he intended to exchange the protective shield we had for an offensive and dangerous hammer. But nobody seemed to care. Your death left a very big vacuum in terms of morality and common sense.” Tony looked deep into Steve’s eyes. “You were our compass. Without you, everything has lost its connection.”
“I will, don’t doubt that, not even for a second,” Steve stroked Tony’s face and left his hand there, stroking the hair on the back of Tony’s neck, who bent his head to kiss Steve’s bare wrist. “You are the reason I came back, because
"That he's innocent. That he’s never seen or spoken to the boy who died before. They just studied at the same school, Tony. They even weren't in the same year. They had no mutual friends, they didn't live close to each other. Nothing. Absolutely nothing in the history of Peter Rogers links him to the murder."
Without waiting for any confirmation from Rhodes, Tony turned his back and put a protective arm around Peter's shoulders. "Are you ready to go home?" Peter nodded and even tried to smile. For Tony, that was already a huge step forward. "So let's go. The car is parked outside." Before leaving the police station, Tony took a pair of sunglasses out of his jacket pocket and handed it to Peter.
difficult to focus himself on his task to talk to a seemingly drunk and horny Tony Stark. It was extremely… tempting. He was only human after all, right? “Strange was very specific about that.” Steve searched for Tony's eyes and they looked at each other. “What did that thing do to you?”
The girl nodded and Tony saw her eyes fill with tears. Something inside him squirmed and he just wanted to cross that wall and tell her that she was safe now.
Maybe he could have stopped the shots. Maybe he could have seen where the sniper was positioned. Perhaps he could have been able to predict that something like that would happen. Perhaps he could have thought about improving security. Perhaps. Perhaps. Perhaps. Maybe he shouldn’t have supported the Law. Maybe he could have asked Steve to talk before everything was blown apart. Maybe they could have reached an agreement. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.
"You look tired, darling," Tony remarked. Steve had his eyes downcast and two dark circles were beginning to emerge beneath them.
Tony began to read the contract while having lunch and worked on the changes until shortly before the meeting, when Friday remembered him about the hour. He took a shower and went down to the hotel's meeting room, where investors were already waiting for him.
“Remember when you called me an old man?” Steve asked and Tony nodded slowly, still not understanding. “We were always like this, I was the old man, stuck in the past, and you were always the futurist, thinking about how to make everyone’s life easier for when tomorrow comes.”
Tony swallowed. There it was. So that’s where the hoax ended, isn’t it? Because up to that point they were simply pretending that everything was fine, that they were still friends, that nothing had changed. But everything was different. Everything had been turned upside down. Nothing was as it was before and Steve remembered.
All this was less than a muffled noise for Natasha, who now watched the rest of the girl's face. It wasn’t possible, was it? It shouldn’t be, but the golden hair, shoulder-cut, soft and silky, the perfectly drawn mouth, and symmetrical, delicate features said otherwise. In addition, there was the characteristic, languid and powerful fighting style, one of the only ones that could effectively defeat Natasha in a fair fight. And all this was crowned with powerful energetic beams, probably lethal if she wanted them to be, which were thrown by her hands in the most characteristic position of the world, the most copied among the children who were fans of the Avengers and who one day dreamed of becoming superheroes.
Already at the end of the first mug, he looked at the refrigerator and found a note stuck to the door. Since the lights weren’t strong enough to see from that distance, Tony came over, took the piece of paper and couldn’t help but smile.
The man in front of him turned around completely, facing Steve and held out his hand. Steve held it and the two looked at each other for the first time. Steve was quick, but he was a good observer. The man had brown eyes, alive, large and curious, that stood out from the rest of his face. His mouth was well designed and he had full lips and, let's all be honest here, inviting. His hair was also a very dark brown, combed and parted carefully. And he was wearing the best-cut suit Steve had ever seen, giving the impression that the outfit and the man had been born together. And in the end, that unknown and disconcertingly handsome man smiled and Steve felt a shiver run down his spine.
Steve laughed, and Tony was delighted by the sound. “Yeah, but I still didn’t know. All I saw was golden armor, shiny and spectacular, that spoke to me in a kind way, trying to help me. It was a dream, of course it was. And to think that it took you so long to tell it was you inside there.”
“Very well,” Tony said, settling on Steve’s lap, so that his legs wouldn’t go numb, he took a deep breath and let his hands slide from Steve’s face to his chest and rest there. “And we just postponed our bath, is that what I’m seeing here?” Tony pretended disapproval.
each other. Like two sides of the same coin, two sides of the same opinion,” Wanda gave a wink. “One doesn’t exist without the other.”
"I'm sorry, it's just ..." Tony struggled with the words. "Well, it's just, I never imagined you seeing other men."
Steve had his head resting on the soft back of the sofa, his messy hair falling across his forehead; the eyes, with those incredibly long lashes, motionless, with no sign of dreams or nightmares; and with rosy lips slightly open and extremely inviting. His chest rose and fell calmly, and Tony tried to remember the last time Steve had been so calm and with such a
Steve ignored that the song was still playing and that Tony should finish it, and went up on stage, taking the microphone out of Tony's hands and looking deep into his eyes.
“Tony, I-I don’t know what to say,” Steve sobbed. His expression was transfigured in pain and guilt. “I should’ve managed to let you know that I was okay.”
love. A giant love, which seemed better and more beautiful at every moment of Tony smelling the flower.
“He has loved you for years and finally see him like this, all silly and happy, passionate, is the best thing I could expect for him. He's my friend, too, Tony. And I want the best for him. And the best for Steve is you.”
“Steve, we’re sticky and I have a layer of cum on me. As exciting and sexy as that may sound,” Tony turned and faced Steve. “Right now, the prospect of taking a shower with you and seeing how all of this here goes.” Tony pointed to Steve's gloriously naked body “With the water running over it is much, much more interesting. Besides, we need it a lot, darling. We’re disgusting like that.”
Until a miracle happened and you came back to me. I gave you the space you needed, I gave you all the time you demanded, and I waited until you came to me and I swear my heart almost burst with happiness and relief when you came to talk to me.
Tony held up the hand that didn’t hold the coffee mug. “Let me finish.” Steve closed his mouth and waited. “But I also really thought about what you said to me yesterday. About everything you said to me yesterday. And I can’t even think that you were lying. You don’t lie, Steve,” Tony struggled with the words. Those had to be the right words, because that was the most important moment. More important than the conversation the night before, than the moans of pleasure, more important than everything, because from then on, everything would change, for better or for worse. “You
"No," Tony replied, his face tucked into a design for a new suit for Wanda, by the time she came back.
By the reflection of the window glass, he saw Steve smiling, holding the coffee mug Tony had brought for him. “I’m sorry.”
"All the time." Steve let one leg hang over the edge of the counter and, folding the other, sat between Tony's legs.
Steve stood up, propping himself up on his elbows, and smiled. “You’re impossible.” With one foot, Steve slowly climbed up Tony's leg, still covered by the undersuit until he reached his crotch. Slowly and with a patience he didn't really have, Steve began to stroke that big bulge in Tony's pants that was begging to be released. Tony threw his head back, hissing loudly and following the movements of Steve's foot with his hips, looking for any friction he could find. “Tony, babe, please, let me suck you now.”
With no shame, Tony took one of Steve's hands and placed it right on top of his erection, not at all being hidden under his undersuit. Tony shivered and groaned loudly. “This. And it has to be you, Steve.”
Tony's tongue didn't want to speak. No. He now knew what his body needed. He had a condition and Steve was his medicine. “And I know why Dr. Magic said it was dangerous.”
“I remember everything,” Tony watched Steve’s face carefully, not to lose any reaction. Steve looked relieved. Then Tony released the grenade pin. “Up to a week
Tony sat on the high bench that Steve indicated was his place and Steve sat across from him on the other side of the island after placing some cookies between the cups. They were both silent for what seemed like eternity, and all Tony could do was face Steve openly, without any shame.
"I have no idea, Captain," Thor shrugged. "But I have fought this horrible monster with Hercules a few times in glorious battles.”
"How many times do you have to listen that you look amazing on anything you wear?" Steve finally looked into Tony's eyes.
They exchanged a glance before leaving the room. And nothing would pay the beautiful gleam in Tony's eyes, Steve was pretty sure of that.
They went up the steps that led to the front door, Steve unlocked it and they entered. It was late afternoon, and the house was dark. Steve stepped in first and went on to turn on the living room and kitchen lights as he passed through the rooms. Tony realized that he didn't open the curtains.
This chapter is here for us to know who are the side characters, what they do, and how exactly they are related to Steve and Peter.
"Oh, my God, Tony." Tony read Steve's lips through the colorful stage lights. He left the melody playing in the background and took a deep breath, looking at Steve. "We're not out of place." Steve said, walking around the table and towards the stage, towards Tony. Heart pounding, threatening to tear his chest, Tony started singing again, making Steve stop at the edge of the stage.
"Do as you would in one of your dreams." Tony sat up, took off Steve's shirt he was wearing, and hugged Steve’s neck. "Here, now. Make me scream your name.”
In the end, Tony wrapped himself in one of the clean towels left there by Steve and chose sweatpants and a red T-shirt, after all, Steve had told him to feel at home. And there is nothing more "feeling at home" than sweatpants and T-shirts. Tony dried his hair, and combed it with his fingers, letting it finish drying naturally. Without worrying about shoes, Tony left the room and went to find something to eat.
"Look who's all sassy." Tony finished the rest of the coffee and took the mug to the sink, where he leaned next to Steve, facing the kitchen entrance. "Since when are you so petulant, Stevie-pie?"
Tony let himself slide to the floor and lay there, just feeling his dick throb, wishing for a release that wouldn’t come. He cried in silence.
Steve moaned loudly in ecstasy and arched his back as Tony sucked first the head and then Steve's entire cock into his mouth and throat, welcoming him into his warmth, tasting everything he could, enjoying a dream coming true.
"I got a warning from the Lincoln Center that the entire complex was emptied." Vision, besides Clint, removed a headset from his head. "For safety.”
“Sure,” Tony replied without hesitation. “I’m a scientist. Being curious and irresponsible is what I do best. Why?”
However, it was obvious that the universe and Tony were not good friends because investors asked for another day so they could redo the contract by adding the changes Tony made.
Tony blew up the security door that closed the elevator shaft and reached the roof like a bull, ready to hit whoever was trying to break into his Tower, his home.
Apparently, Tony was able to denounce himself even when he tried to stay with his own thoughts. He was a damn open book for Steve. He sighed. “I know I should feel guilty and ashamed, and the worst of assholes now. Look at everything I told you. I
"Downstairs we have the kitchen on the left," Tony pointed out as they passed the door. "The refrigerator is stocked and there's more food in the pantry. And there,” he pointed to the room on the right. “We have the living room. And I know what you're thinking,” he laughed. “The TV doesn’t have any kind of internet access. It serves purely and simply to watch the countless movies I have around here.”
The same reason that his self from some time ago confessed to Steve’s body after those shots on the stairway, when Tony asked for some time alone with him back at the helicarrier: it hadn’t been worth it. If the cost of defending an idea was to lose his best friend, the person Tony most admired and loved in this and all worlds, then he was not willing to pay. And he wanted to make sure it never happened again. Never.
"Steve, this is completely normal," Tony said, following Steve and taking a seat on one of the benches around the island. "The boy’s on trial for murder. How do you think his head is right now?"
Sometimes Tony hated Steve's perfection and his ability to know exactly what to say to break all of Tony's barriers.
"We can go in my car," Steve said, clearing his throat to get his voice out. They went out onto the porch and, while Steve locked the door, he noticed something that wasn't part of the decor.
Wanda and Vision were traveling the world in a well-deserved sabbatical; Bucky remained in Wakanda with T'Challa; Rhodes was assisting the UN in a new Bureau of Intergalactic Threats, and S.H.I.E.L.D. had been restored under the direction of Nick Fury, who only agreed to return if the Sokovia Accords were repealed, which the President accepted immediately, to despair of Secretary Ross. The Guardians and Captain Marvel returned to monitor the space, but they always sent news and everything was fine.
"How about if I ask you some questions?" Tony asked, taking out a notepad and a pen from the briefcase he had brought. "Do you mind?" Steve shook his head. Tony smiled without showing his teeth. "Great. So tell me, Mr. Rogers, what do you do for a living?"
A Tony that’s elusive with his answers was never a good sign. It meant he was unsure about something or, even worse, scared and thinking that by hiding it from others - from
Steve laughed through his nose. “Because we are both too stubborn to give up an argument. And then we fought,” Steve sighed. “We started with a truce, we dropped our weapons, you even came out of the armor. We even managed to laugh a little, but ended up punching ourselves because, apparently, that was all we knew how to do because we were too blind trying to prove which side was right.”
Tony bobbed his head a few more times, meeting Steve’s thrusts, savoring his precum, until he could feel Steve’s cock was hard enough. With a pop that would sound obscene under any other circumstances, Tony took Steve's cock out of his mouth and licked his lips, staring into Steve's eyes. “You’re out of this world, Rogers.” With one last stroke, Tony smiled. “Ooops, please, I’m
“You’re my best friend,” Tony said in a shaky voice. It wasn’t a lie. But it wasn’t the complete truth. But he couldn’t tell the whole truth. He couldn’t reveal that last untouched piece of information, that little piece that was still his alone. As much as it hurt, as much as Tony’s entire body screamed for him to speak the truth, he couldn’t.
Still pretending to pay attention, he lifted his arms, stretching himself and slid into the chair, resting his neck on the backrest and leaving his butt on the edge of the seat.
"I think it's a great idea," Steve said, still stroking Tony's leg under the table. “Nat, be the dealer?”
"How did you and your wife meet?" Tony saw Steve swallow and soon regretted it. It was obvious that this was a sensitive subject and who did he think he was? They had met that same day - had it been that day? It felt like weeks ...- and he was already asking a question as personal as that. "Look, it's okay if you don't wanna answer."
Steve looked at the set table and his expression was funny, a mix of astonishment, surprise and admiration. "I wasn't going to come down, to tell you the truth," he made a face, which ended with a smile, apologizing. "But I smelled it. So I came to see what it was."
No one said anything during a time that seemed infinite, but then Clint made his usual mistake: he tried to help.
"The school had voluntary DNA samples from all students from the biology classes. The police started investigating where they believed they were less likely to find a killer, which was where the boy had more friends. They ended up, in fact, finding what they were looking for, I think."
So Tony was now hiding in the shadows of a chimney, wearing his stealth armor, camouflaging himself in the dark, in the building across from Steve’s in Brooklyn, waiting. It was snowing, but who cares for some snow when the possibilities are so incredible? No lights had been turned on; no movement had been detected. Everything was extremely quiet on that quiet street. Tony was beginning to think that the news was, in fact, rumors, and that espionage was a beautiful waste of time. It wasn’t.
“T'Challa asked their support in Wakanda for help on a reconnaissance mission outside the borders.” Steve shrugged.
Unable to control himself, Steve moved his hips towards Tony’s mouth, chasing the heat and magic that Tony’s lips now meant. Still holding him, Tony guided him inside, letting him feel everything Tony had to give him. Tony groaned as he felt pre-come running down his throat and the vibration made Steve roll his eyes. “Tony, I ...”
"You should," Steve said. "I mean, no! You should not care. You're still a child. You should not be involved in this kind of conversation.”
Before Tony could say anything, the Tower's alarm began to ring and they both rushed toward the elevator.
“I could draw it all, you know?” Steve kept talking. “This pale and dull night, with nothing exciting going on. I know that most people would find this night boring. Apathetic.” Steve lowered his head and his gaze locked directly across the street, on the roof of the building opposite, the one with the chimney, right where Tony was trying to hide in the shadows. The display, was still with the zoom on Steve’s eyes before Tony could adjust his lenses and the view was breathtaking. Two blue circles, bright and alive, staring at him, seeing inside Tony, reading his thoughts, knowing his location, knowing his fear. Those eyes knew the way to Tony’s soul. They always knew, long before everything fell apart. They knew how to read every bit of Tony, every half-hearted smile, every half-truth, every joke made because he felt uncomfortable, every sincere conversation, every feeling. Well, maybe not all of them. Tony may have been able to hide a feeling, keep just a little bit of his own self to himself, a piece that Steve never managed to reach. And maybe that way was better for everyone. Especially for them. Steve blinked and Tony adjusted the lenses, framing his face again. Steve had one side of his mouth slightly pulled up, almost a smile, but still not sure if he could really let it out. “But most people are sleeping. So, what do they know about this night, am I right, Tony?”
"Olympus has fallen," Ares replied simply. "And as the new ruler of the Greek world, I am here to claim the Earth as part of my new domain.”
Natasha was typing quickly on the keyboard in front of her and Tony imagined what the spy's system of organization would look like.
"She's right," Sam confirmed. "There's a person in the fountain, but I can’t say whether it’s conscious or not. I can’t take Redwing from here without drawing much attention.”
“I should’ve known when it was time to stop all that nonsense when all I could think about was you, if you were okay, if you were eating, if you were sleeping.” Steve paused. “If you could still smile in the middle of that madness.”
” Tony stopped and opened his eyes wide, staring at Steve intently, as if trying not to miss any detail of that handsome face. “Did I mention how beautiful your name sounds when I say it out loud?”
"Because I was expecting you to come," Steve pulled away, but kept his fingers interlaced with Tony's. "I was worried you wouldn’t be able to show up.”
“Did you always smell that good?” Tony got close to Steve and, without any shyness, hid his face in his neck and took a deep breath, letting that smell dominate all his senses.
"No problem, Mr. Stark," the investor stood up, finishing the meeting. "We'll meet tomorrow at eight, okay?"
Tony inhaled sharply as he felt the vibration of Steve's groans reach his crotch and then he smelled coffee in the air.
Steve reached over and pressed a button. Thirty seconds later, the glass in front of them brightened enough for them to observe what was happening in the other room, but no one on the other side could see them.
Then Tony’s stomach did a twist and went back into place when he felt his hands being squeezed back. He felt his eyes widen and looked at Steve in surprise.
“Thanks.” Steve smiled and took a step forward, a tiny step, but enough to keep them so close that Tony could count the green spots that mixed with the blue of his eyes. “But why do I have a feeling you’re not telling me the whole truth?” Steve slid his hands down Tony’s arm and his warm hands found Tony’s, which were freezing. The contrast made Tony shiver.
Tony held his breath and felt Steve do the same. Was it possible that their versions of another dimension were somewhere in the Compound waiting for them?
Tony continued his exploration through the soldier's body by his collarbone and stopped when he reached Steve's already stubbly nipple. Tony snorted lightly at it, causing the skin around to shiver with the temperature contrast, and then sucked on the nipple willingly. Steve threw his head back and moaned loudly. A shiver of satisfaction rushed through Tony's body, which intensified the stimuli of his tongue. He moved to the other nipple, but continued to tease the first with his fingers.
help you," Tony said, taking a paper out of the briefcase. "For that, I need you both to sign the contract agreeing to my services and the confidentiality of our working relationship," Tony slid a sheet of paper towards Steve and Peter, next to a pen and looked intently at Steve.
"There with the hydra are the Three Furies," Thor pointed to the east portal. "They judge and punish mortals for their crimes."
He blinked several times and tried to force the air into his lungs again. He was better, but not yet one hundred percent.
Steve wet his lips, still unsure of what to say, unable to take his eyes off the beauty that was Tony. All of him, not just a part. It was mesmerizing. “I see you.” Steve ended up saying, in a distant, dreamy voice. “And I love you whole.”
“Well, I am, first of all, a genetic experiment.” She held up a hand to keep Natasha from interrupting her, and Tony saw Steve smiling from the corner of his eye. “Before I was conceived, my parents decided they wanted a daughter. Not a boy, a girl, because, according to them, the house already had too many men” she laughed, “So, my father Tony combined, in laboratory, the two genetic codes, his and Steve's, and created a new one, placing only the best things of each one of them.” She blushed a little. “That's why, in addition to normal physical features, as one's eyes and the other’s smile, I also inherited my father Tony's intellect, my father Steve advanced strength and metabolism, and also the ability to throw lightning beams from my hands, as my father did, except he used to do it with the armor he created to be a hero there on the other Earth.”
“I can’t believe it was like that.” Tony shook his head, punching himself mentally for that stupidity.
“Hey.” He pulled away a little and cupped her face in his hands. Their eyes met and Tony wished he could give away everything he had to remove that sadness from her eyes. “Never forget one thing.” She stopped sobbing for a moment, paying attention.
The detective turned to look at them. "You have half an hour. And I'll be on the other side of the glass, seeing everything," he looked at Steve and then at Tony with raised eyebrows in warning. "Don't try to be funny," he passed them and entered the next door, closing it behind him.
They walked the few steps that separated them from the quinjet and found Natasha, Bucky, Hulk and Peter.
She knew that that had been a low blow, but they had to go back to the Compound. And get there preferably before a
"I can help," Peter said, suddenly excited. "I’m very good with technology. I can get into almost any system you need.”
“But I do. And they will end up knowing it, too,” Steve took another step. “But the most important thing is that when I look at you, I see the dream that I never knew I had until it was you. I see my world gain a new sky that has the exact shade of blue of your eyes. When I look at you, Tony, I see my best friend, the person I trust the most, with whom I don’t need to be Captain America. With you I can be just Steve Rogers, and I know that you will believe me when I say I’m bad or you will pretend to believe that I’m fine simply if that’s what I need at that moment, because you know me better than anyone, but you will still stay.” Steve took another step. If he gave one more, he would reach Tony. “You were the only one who came to see if I was okay, even though you hide yourself. Everyone just believed it when I said I was fine, no one saw it behind the lie. Nobody bothered to return. Except you.”
"I know I left school a while ago, but the final exams shouldn’t have happened already, like, a couple of weeks ago?" Clint asked, counting on his fingers. "July's already around the corner.”
The Quinjet landed silently behind the David Geffen Hall, and as the rear ramp came down, Vision and Natasha followed from the right, while Sam took flight, and Thor and Clint went to the left, skirting the building from behind, heading toward the stairs. The plan was to surround the source and whatever was issuing that strange and potent energy signature, causing as little collateral damage as possible.
They left the kitchen and returned to the living room, sitting on the floor on the soft rug, around the coffee table, Tony next to Clint, Steve next to Natasha.
"Oh, so let’s fix this." Tony unbuckled his seatbelt and went to sit next to Steve, who was waiting for him with an outstretched arm. He lifted the armrest that divided the armchairs and snuggled into the hug Steve had opened for him.
“Very well. Save the progress of today's work. I'm going upstairs and have some coffee and I'll be back soon.”
Clint threw a lava arrow right in the middle of the third head's eyes, which let out a horrible scream, before the lava solidified on its way to the monster's mouth, which was silent.
“We detected an unusual source of energy coming from there,” Steve replied. “Natasha, Thor, Vision, Clint and Sam went to investigate, but we haven’t talked to any of them since we went out to face the Doombots.”
Fury looked at Tony for a few more seconds, and after convincing himself that the engineer was really paying attention, he went back to the new A.I.M. base.
- Tony closed the lid of the box abruptly, making the red light disappear, but the spinning head and emptiness he still felt inside didn’t disappear with the light. On the contrary, everything has intensified. Tony got up quickly, tripping over his own feet to get to the vault door, which Tony closed without even checking if the security codes were right. Jarvis could take care of that.
Tony opened his eyes and found Steve fucking him with his finger, while, with his other hand, he stroked himself. It was almost too much. “Holy shit, Steve, you’re so hot, dammit. Ah! Put one more, please.”
Tony set it all down - a large dish with eggs and bacon, cutlery and two mugs with fresh coffee - on a tray and climbed back up to the room. He turned on the hallway light and looked inside. Steve was still asleep in the same position Tony had left him, but now he could see him, his arms hidden under the pillow, his mouth slightly open, his hair messed up in a golden nest, his back rising and falling slowly, his slender body stretched flat on his bed, as if Michelangelo's David had grown tired of being a statue and had become a real man, and now was laying on Tony's bed.
The monster shifted and Tony realized, with panic, that it would crush Steve when it lowered its leg to regain balance and that the soldier wouldn’t have time to get out of there. Diverting from a head that invested against him, Tony flew at full speed, all his sensors focused on Steve.
And Tony left the kitchen, trying his best not to jump in excitement at the new information he had gotten during his little dinner with Steve Rogers, the best host he had ever had.
With a few more thrusts, not much after, Steve came all inside Tony, realizing that he had just lived one of his most lustful dreams for real, with the love of his life. And he almost came again. Neither of them said anything for a while. They just stood there, trying to catch their breaths and their energies. After what seemed like eternity, Steve stepped out from inside Tony, who sighed at the change, held Tony by the waist and headed toward the TV room, where he sat on the couches and snuggled Tony to his side, in a hug.
Tony Stark," Tony could almost hear the quotation marks she was making on the other end of the line.
"I don’t see why we shouldn’t," Tony said, taking another sip of the coffee. "But I don’t know if our kind of party is theirs.”
Steve straightened his stance, tilted his chin up, and suddenly, he was no longer the artist, but the Captain, and then he followed Tony. And the effect was immediate. As if they were waiting for his internal transformation, the reporters recognized him and came running towards him, cameras on, with blinding reflectors and microphones aimed at him, like weapons. They screamed in a jumble of male and female voices, all trying to get his attention, but Steve focused his attention on Tony's back, who walked steadily ahead of him, and kept walking, pretending that the reporters were just mosquitoes who asked him insistently
Tony staggered back, his hands groping for support that he found on the opposite wall. “Is this some kind of terrible joke?”
Steve kissed Tony's fingers and turned, heading toward the other side of the penthouse, where Bucky and Natasha were. Tony ordered another double scotch and stood leaning on the bar counter watching Steve circle his own birthday party, chatting with the guests, patting him on the back, shaking hands, a few hugs a little too long by Tony's standards, but he wasn’t jealous. He was just watching.
“When I was still alive, still during the Civil War,” Steve said, without changing his voice, without approaching. “I told myself that I hated you.”
"And what does that mean exactly?" Steve leaned towards Tony instinctively, unaware of what his body was doing. It was a soft force, almost imperceptible, but one he didn't even think about resisting.
So, I ran away, but I never left you. I followed you from a distance, especially when you got into that alien ship and didn’t return. I thought I had lost you forever. I plunged into an abyss much deeper than the one in which I was once frozen. It was a much colder place without you being there. A world without you no longer deserved to spin, no longer deserved to see the sun rise, because you should be the reason for everything. If you were no more, what was the purpose then?
Still kneeling, Steve lifted one of Tony’s legs, holding by the ankle and kissed each exposed piece of skin, going up the calf, passing through the knee, up to the upper thigh, until he went down inside and made Tony’s eyes turn inside the globes. He stopped a few inches from Tony’s underwear and looked at him.
“Sir, your heart rate is faster than normal, as well as your body temperature. Your blood pressure is worryingly high. And, as far as I can see, you have a painful headache.” Jarvis seemed too concerned for an AI.
Steve smiling in that shy way that only he got when he became self-conscious; Steve shining like a comet on Tony's sensors when he was looking for the soldier in the middle of a battle; Steve training in the training room simulations; Steve spending most of his free time in the lab with Tony, drawing in silence, just so Tony wouldn't be alone; Steve during movie nights, when he fell asleep and his head fell on Tony's shoulder ...
“Now, Steve, we're on a stage, in front of our friends, under colored lights, after telling each other that we love each other. What do you think comes next? We put on a little show." Tony untangled his hands from Steve's hands and wrapped them around Steve's neck, pulling him down so they could finally reach the grand finale with the kiss they deserved, to the sound of cheers and the “I always knew it" from Natasha.
Tony fell on Steve, not caring about his cum all over Steve's chest and stayed there, limbs limp and with no strength left to move.
Tony's heart had never beaten so fast. He leaned against the doorframe and let himself slip to the floor.
"What I'm trying to say is that it's great to see you and Tony together. You do well for each other. More than that, you
“Tony, what are you doing?” Steve asked again, looking at him in a panic, not understanding anything at all, but not letting go of Tony for a second.
When Tony realized, Steve was kneeling in front of him, looking at him with those hypnotic blue eyes, full of expectation, love and devotion. Steve was loving him, simply leaving behind all the mistakes and pain and showing Tony that this was, in fact, the start of them together for real. Steve loved him. He wouldn’t be smiling, kneeling there, unbuckling Tony’s belt if he didn’t love him, right?
Steve blinked, surprised. “I thought that after all these years it was obvious,” he laughed. “You can’t fool the heart, Tony. We can try to run away from it, run as fast as we can, pretend it’s not there, disguise the evidence, but in the end, it always wins. Love always resurfaces, getting bigger and stronger. Especially after adversities, like the ones we always go through. So yes, Shellhead, I love you.”
Tony understood the hint, but he had no love for his own life. "He told me that you guys met during a mission."
Tony came closer, pressing his body even harder against Steve’s, wanting more, needing more, when Steve backed away slightly, sucking in the air like a drowning man. He looked at Tony strangely, his eyes fixed on his lips and, unconsciously, Tony slid his tongue to wet them. Later, Tony would swear that he could see Steve’s pupils widen. But at that moment, all he could feel was the thousands of restless butterflies fluttering in his stomach. Tony looked at Steve through his lashes and swallowed when his strong, capable fingers found the tight muscles at the base of his neck and began to massage them carefully. Such a small contact, but that, once again, generated an instant and addictive heat. It was as much as Tony could handle before their mouths fixed on each other again. Tony gasped and couldn’t suppress a groan when Steve’s tongue traced the sensitive curve of his upper lip.
After everyone entered, the receptionist took them down a corridor to a room separate from the rest of the restaurant. "Enjoy the night," she said, opening the door.
"Didn’t need to, my love. I know you." Tony pulled Steve toward one of the windows. "Out there we have a bathroom, by the time we're at the beach and stuff.”
"You heard," Tony said, moving toward the back ramp that opened. "No more heads to grow. Only those four are already ugly enough.”
The thought hurt. Imagining his life without Steve, with him dead, knowing he would never return, was one thing. Tony would suffer, but eventually he would learn to deal with pain and longing. But imagining his life with Steve alive, but ignoring him completely, despising him, never wanting to get close to Tony again after everything that happened? Tony couldn’t take it.
“That's gotta be a joke!” Tony said angrily, stepping away from Steve, but without leaving his lap and without removing the soldier’s hands, which were now on his thighs.
"Now listen carefully, because I'm only going to say it once," Tony said seriously, holding Steve's face in his hands. Steve's smile disappeared and he nodded, understanding that Tony was serious. “I'll always want you around. And you know why? Because I love you, Steven Grant Rogers. I'll
"Oh, come on, Tony," Fury rolled his good eye. "You two orbit around each other and tease each other for years and never solved anything. It was about time.”
Tony knew how much damage the Registration Act and the Civil War had left behind. Steve’s death, his memory loss and Norman Osborn taking control of SHIELD were the prime examples of all that. Tony wasn’t an idiot. Losing his recent memory didn’t make him a stupid. He was still a genius who knew all that was at stake with that weird-haired lunatic in power, but he just couldn’t think of any of that.
"It does very well for the nerves," Tony tried a smile. Steve smiled back and left the room, disappearing down the hall. Tony let out the breath he hadn't even realized he was holding and closed the door behind him. He took a look around the room and started to unpack. He hung up the other two suits and shirts he had brought on the hangers he found inside the wardrobe, arranged the rest of the folded clothes in the two inner drawers of the furniture and left the shoes outside, against the wall. With his suitcase unpacked, the day finally fell on him, and Tony allowed himself to feel the tiredness and tension he had been ignoring for longer than ideal. "I need a shower. And something to eat." Tony took off his clothes, folding them and leaving them on the suitcase, took his bag and went to the bathroom. A bath had never felt like such a luxury. He let the hot water from the shower lick his aching muscles, undoing some of the tension knots, before washing his hair with shampoo and his body with the new soap he had brought.
Friday showed Tony's schedule for the rest of the day, and if it wasn’t for the meeting with the investors at five, he would have nothing else for the rest of the day.
I loved you from that first moment, but I didn't know if I was allowed to say what I felt. More than that: I didn't know I was loved back. Amid so many misunderstandings, we did what we do best: we defended and fought. Until we needed to assemble to save the world, together, for the first time.
Steve didn't count how long he held the phone to his ear, listening without listening to the mute of the line. The world was silent. Nothing made sense. His son, the kindest, most honest, smart and loving boy he has ever met, accused of murder. No, it couldn't be real. It wasn't real. Peter, his Peter, would never do such a thing. He needed to show that policeman that his son was being held unjustly. He needed to bring his son home, to protect him.
"With the anger I am for have been interrupted, I'm able to wipe out all those monsters and still punch Ares's face alone.”
of the War to get richer, and in the end, people still saw me as the good guy. I let you die with people believing you were a bad person. I chased our friends. I created the clone of a god. I haven’t done a single good thing since Stamford, at least people can tell me, but I can only feel
Steve slowly brought Tony close to him and kissed him. Tony could taste the coffee on his tongue and the hand that wasn’t holding the coffee mug flew to Steve’s hair, grabbing it and pinning him in place. Steve groaned and the sound reverberated throughout Tony’s body.
"So, here's what we're gonna do," Tony took a pair of sunglasses out of the front pocket of his jacket and put it on his face. Steve couldn't help thinking about how well he looked like that. "We'll get out of the car and as soon as they realize who we are, who
Hi! First of all, thank you so much for all the kudos and comments! You are so lovely that I can't even say how much I love you all!
"Because two hours is the time it will take to get to where we are going to spend our weekend without communication with the world.”
Rogers," the Chief emphasized Steve's title wryly. The Chief looked quickly at Tony. "And I see that you took my advice to bring a lawyer," Steve saw that Tony had smiled a petulant smile and held his own urge to laugh. "And not just any lawyer. The
"And you did it?" Steve felt Peter staring at him, but he didn’t look back. "Have you faced your problem?"
Tony clapped his hands, but the reasons were so varied that he could barely contain the excitement. "Glad we cleared things up, Steve. You know, I wanna be your friend. I mean, when this is all over. I think we can get along. And I don't want us to start a relationship without knowing the basics about the other."
And Tony was sure that it was real. Because he would never have dreamed of someone so perfect and who could love him as completely as Steve.
Even with the armor covering his whole body, Tony could feel the warmth of Steve's body next to his, the pressure of the soldier’s hand on the curve of his back holding it in place, the force of his fingers on his hair, adjusting Tony's head at the right angle.
They picked up the ingredients and, as Steve cut the potatoes and prepared the meat, Tony went to the coffeemaker and poured himself another mug.
“I didn’t know. I should’ve said something, but I was scared.” Steve gave a sad smile. “I wanted to respect your space. That’s when I saw your footprints in the building over there, and I thought maybe, just maybe, you could’ve reconsidered my offer to come in and talk.” The smile was happier now. “It never crossed my mind that you could be coming for other reasons.”
For a long time, Tony simply lay there, just feeling Steve’s body against his, his warmth, listening to his heartbeat, his steady breathing, indicating that he had fallen asleep. At some point, he started to think that maybe that could really be his life from now on. Then, with that thought warmed by Steve’s arms and love, Tony fell asleep entwined with the love of his life.
Tony climbed on the bed, crawling between Steve’s legs, without looking away. “I’m not planning anything, darling,” Tony rested his hands on either side of Steve, trapping him between Tony and the mattress, and stole a kiss. As Tony walked away, he sat on Steve’s lap, hugging him with his legs. “I’m just living the two of us.” Tony twined his fingers in Steve’s hair and pulled his head back, exposing his neck, to where Tony hurriedly bent down to lick from base to ear, feeling the skin crawl, coming back the same way with kisses and bites, getting more and more courageous with Steve’s loudest moans.
the tone was a little more insistent. Steve turned his face to look at him. Tony's face had a funny expression. It was smooth, even sweet. His eyes were fixed on Steve, paying attention to every detail. "I'm not judging you, Steve. As you said, I'm here to help. To help
“We are. But her parents aren’t.” Steve said and Tony realized how that situation was affecting his husband. His blue eyes were distressed and his chest rose and fell rapidly, uneasy. If Tony had to bet, he would say that Steve was giving his all to hold not only Tony inside the room, but himself.
“Oh, my fucking lord, you’re asking politely to suck my dick? Steve Rogers, you’re so precious I won’t let you leave here anymore,” Tony said and began to unzip his undersuit with trembling hands. “Not until I debauch you.” He fumbled with the undersuit just so deft fingers came to help. Steve was now sitting right in front of him, nestling Tony around his strong legs, helping him get out of that tight undersuit.
"What the hell is going on?" He looked around and found Natasha sitting at the foot of his bed, fully clothed for a party, in a fair red dress draped in sequins, her hair falling in waves to her shoulders and soft makeup. “Wow, you look stunning.”
But the way Steve hugged him, the things they said to each other, the way their hearts were opened and exposed, completely vulnerable, the way the both left all their armor outside (literally and figuratively), and allowed themselves to be just them, that couldn’t have been in vain.
But was it possible? Tony snorted mentally at the absurdity. No, it wasn’t. Someone certainly should’ve already told Steve what had happened to Tony after his death, right? He knew about the funeral; he even knew it had been Tony’s idea. How could he not know about the memory loss? But there was only one way to confirm whether Steve knew or not.
A distant part of Tony was aware of Steve’s hand gripping the hem of Tony’s shirt, pulling him closer and closer, gluing them together as if they were one. Steve’s tongue slid long and slowly over Tony’s and an appreciative sound vibrated deep in his throat, startling Tony and reverberating directly into his groin when Steve groaned with him.
“I was in an induced coma for a while. And Pepper helped me to come back by following the instructions I had left in case all this happened. Apparently, it worked. When I came back, I had zero sense of everything that was going on, nor why I wasn’t at my house, or why I didn’t have my friends calling or being there with me. When I mentioned calling you and Pepper stopped me, I knew there was something very wrong. I remembered talking to you,
, was what Tony wanted to ask, but he was too moved. Steve was alive and was talking to him. Hearing his voice again, in person, and not on a recording, was like an extracorporeal experience. Tony felt out of orbit. He waited so long to hear Steve again, and now that he finally had the chance, all he could do was hide in his invisible armor and cry. Steve was saying Tony’s name out loud again. It was almost too much to take.
Tony lowered the glass he had been holding for too long and smiled. "I'm fine, thanks," he pointed to the food in front of him. "I made dinner. I didn't know if you were coming down to eat something or not, so I made enough for both of us."
Steve blinked a few times, returning to focus. "Sure. I'm going to park," Steve maneuvered the car in the nearest spot, turned off the engine and, without ceremony, rested his head on the steering wheel and took a deep breath.
Tony forced himself to stand. Then, leaning on the tables and structures in the lab, he staggered back to the vault.
"Steve, face the facts: you're a famous artist. The best new artist in the last decade, according to, well, according to a lot of art magazines and according to Pepper, who understands a lot about the subject and is the one who curates my private collection," Tony let out a low breath. "Everyone who knows art wants one of your drawings, and everyone who has never heard of art knows who you are. That is: everyone has known you since you appeared in the art world. And even if you weren't famous for drawing, you are a former US Army Captain. This is big. Huge. The son of an Army Captain being accused of murder? It's a full plate for those vultures."
Steve blinked and put the mold on the counter, still looking at Tony. "You didn't mean that I'm handsome?"
“Let’s go!” Liz smiled beautifully and Steve and Tony's heart filled. A third party grew within them, a part that none of them knew was missing, but for which both always reserved a special place.
Steve almost knocked over his chair to get up quickly. He looked at Tony, who smiled at him and nodded that Steve could go ahead. Suddenly, Steve was hyper aware of where he was going, who he was approaching to. My son.
“What's the problem?” Natasha asked. It couldn’t be just that. There was something else disturbing the android.
Tony wanted to answer, because whenever he and Steve were together it was as if time stood still and only they two remained within their particular bubble sound and image-proof. The outside world simply disappeared when Steve was around because only what Tony could see was the soldier's perfection.
“Jarvis, who broke into my Tower?” Tony asked as he ran to the roof and waited for the pieces of armor to connect to his undersuit.
“No, it's not. It's your birthday," Tony leaned his coffee mug on the counter and glowered at Steve. "It should be the most important day of the year.”
“Okay,” Steve shrugged. “Don’t you want to show up? No need.” He put his hands in the front pockets of his pants. “But know that I know you’re out there. And I know you can hear me.”
If it were possible, Tony would’ve said that Steve had gotten even redder and, God, how cute he looked in that embarrassed way.
Tony was so frustrated. He wanted to go back in time and still have his memories. He wanted to go back and find a way to fight to keep them, to remember everything, to
Tony turned to look for Steve and found him immediately, very close, talking to Sam and Reed Richards.
With a superhuman effort, Tony broke away from Steve and walked away. “Forgive me, Steve,” he said, stumbling over his own words and feet as he walked backwards towards the corridor he had entered. “Forgive me, really.”
“Tony, why did you accept my invitation to come in? Why did you come to spy on me?” Steve’s gaze was gentle, but he held Tony’s gaze firmly, turning Tony into a statue about to break with the vibration of his own heart. “Tony, what are you afraid of?” Steve inclined his head. They were looking at each other at the same height now.
Without letting Steve see him, and signing T’Challa to say nothing, Tony stopped right behind the soldier and ordered a double whiskey from the waiter without making a sound. With the glass in hand, Tony took a long swallow and let the drink warm his body.
Steve released Tony and took the envelope. They were standing in the middle of the dance floor, alone, with all the lights blinking on them, but that was a private moment and the whole party
He could only think of that man on the roof of the building in front, who was thoughtful, looking at the stars, his face placid, his eyes shining, his golden hair almost white in the moonlight, and his lower lip accentuated forward. Steve looked so innocent there, but so lonely. Someone who had just been resurrected, after more than a year dead, must have been celebrating with many friends. But there he was, alone, lit by the moon, like a spotlight exclusive to him, accentuating the trait of Steve’s life that always hurt Tony the most: his inability to really fit. He never really looked happy, and Tony knew that because he was able to recognize Steve’s different types of humor. And genuinely happy was the rarest and most beautiful of them all.
Natasha crept through the late-afternoon shadows that the monumental buildings protruded into the square and positioned herself.
"The energy that emanates from the young woman is exponentially stronger than that of the ship, which leads me to conclude that, in a somewhat unrealistic way, the young woman is, in a way, the ship's fuel source.”
“Not yet. Tony?” Steve called. No response on the comms. “Thor? Anyone copying?” Steve's heart sped up. “Tony? Tony, say something!” He stared at Sam and Natasha. “Their locators. Try to find them,” the two Avengers rushed to the quinjet and Steve faced Clint. “Prepare a dampening arrow and stay alert. Hulk, the same for you, eyes open,” Steve looked up frantically looking for some sign of red and gold motion in the dark sky. “Come on, Tony, where are you?”
"Yes, it's great. I'll finally get my hands on your son's prison papers and you'll be able to see him," Tony smiled. "It's now that things start to get interesting."
Without saying anything else, the two walked the few blocks to the small and charming cafe that Rhodes had talked about and soon a waitress came to serve them.
They turned to the officiant, who had a funny expression on his face, as if he was holding himself back from crying, too. "Anthony Edward Stark, do you take Steven Grant Rogers as your husband?"
“Start where you think it’s easier,” Steve said, bending down to pick up his own underwear, lying on the floor nearby, and putting it on.
"Don’t look so confident, Katniss," Tony said with his mouth full and sat down next to Clint. "I don’t mean to lose tonight.”
A few minutes later, there was Tony Stark perched behind the chimney on the top of the building in front of Steve’s apartment, hidden in the shadows, waiting. He was fully aware that it was disturbing, but he was unable to return home. He had to see Steve again. Tony needed to see for himself that Steve was fine, that he didn’t need anything. He needed to be sure that Steve had someone watching over him,
I did.” Steve shrugged. “Anyway, if it makes you happy, I forgive you, but only if you also forgive yourself.”
And, when Tony hit the right spot, Steve let go a loud cry calling Tony, and came. He came all over his belly and Tony's hand, but the sight of Steve's orgasm face was enough to make Tony came too. And he did it hard, harder than before, all inside Steve.
“Before going in I have to ask, would you really open the box even if you knew what was inside?” Steve took the hand that Tony offered him. “Would you take a chance even though you could get infected just out of curiosity?”
But the girl did not seem to be paying much attention to his words. Her eyes were glued to Natasha, who was staring at her openly, clearly shocked.
, blessed be the French for that useful expression, when Steve they connected. All his life, Tony felt chained. Now, feeling Steve’s hands on him, all over his body, taking care of him, loving him,
"You already thanked me being kind and offering me your own home for me to stay. You don't have to say anything else," Tony smiled and suddenly remembered something Steve had said. "Actually, there is something you need to say, yes."
“Aye, Captain!” With thunder rumbling across the sky, the Asgardian god flew northward and Steve and Wanda followed.
"Sure," Steve put his glass down and stared at Tony. It was kind of uncomfortable being so close and being the target of Steve's piercing eyes, but Tony was the famous Tony Stark, the lawyer who got it all. He wasn't going to tremble now.
"If I win, you'll give me a whole weekend with you alone, without lab, without Tower, without Friday, with nothing. Just you and me somewhere.”
“But I couldn’t wait for you to wake up. I got a call from Bucky, asking for help with an emergency and I needed to leave you.” Steve looked deep into Tony’s eyes. “I asked Pepper to tell you to come and talk to me when you wake up, that I needed to see you, but then I knew you were awake, and you never came to talk to me. I thought you were too furious with me for everything that had happened between us so that we couldn’t at least try to talk.”
“Just a few more minutes,” Tony shouted back, his head tucked beneath a large, oval metal frame with a transparent top. A ship.
in my mouth, delicious, and I couldn’t wait to feel you inside me, Steve. But the real thing is something else.
“Tony, we were at war. I won’t say that I agree with what you did, nor will I say that it was right. You know what I think, otherwise you wouldn’t be here asking me to forgive you. But it’s not up to me to forgive you.
you, Steve. I can't explain. But let me help you. Let me prove that I'm worth the trust you said you have for me."
“The available data about the matter I have in my database says the cure for such intoxication is the sexual act with a
you." Tony's smile faltered, but it came back bigger than before and Steve's world cleared almost completely.
"Tell me about it," a yawn escaped Steve. "But warn them, will you? Especially Peter. We couldn’t talk yet after all that mess.”
"What have I done to deserve someone like you?" Steve asked and Tony's heart warmed at the sound of his voice.
“I made a bet with Steve on today's game,” Tony smiled. “And as I won, now I'm going to get my reward and I need your help.”
“We'll do anything to make you feel comfortable here, so you'll fit in and be happy.” Tony's voice was pleading and Steve knew his husband wanted everything to be going differently, preferably with everyone hugging. How to explain that feeling?
Steve shrugged. “It’s no longer such a problem. It was worse in the first days. I couldn’t sleep, afraid of not waking up anymore, afraid of seeing myself trapped in that infinite again.”
Tony groaned loudly. “Yes, slowly now.” He looked into Steve’s eyes and tightened his arms even more around his neck. Steve stroked Tony’s face with a tenderness that completely warmed Tony. Trapped between Steve and his soft mattress, Tony felt safe, esteemed as never before. They stopped for a moment, just getting used to that connection. Tony sucked in a breath. “Okay, darling. Give me more.”
"Interesting. But you didn't call me to tell me how good it was to see your old college friend again."
“For me it's soap, clean clothes and you.” Tony took the red lily in his hands and put it back in the box. He locked his eyes on Steve's. “I smell you.”
of you - and even that you thought that if you had told me about everything, I wouldn’t believe you,” he leaned forward, propped up on his elbows, and looked at Tony. “You know, you could’ve tried. I could’ve listened to you; I could’ve helped you find a solution. We could’ve avoided all of this together.”
happy. I don’t know when you decided that happiness was something unattainable for you, but it’s not true. And you, more than anyone in this world, know that I have flaws. We caused a war because of these flaws, Tony.” Steve took the last step. “I’d do anything to convince you that you’re worth all the effort, that you’re worthy of all happiness, but words will never be able to convince you. Let me be with you, then, to prove, day after day, how much you mean to me. How much I love you.”
“It's your smile, Steve...” If it wasn’t the first, the smile would certainly be among the top of the list of things Tony loved most about Steve.
“But I didn’t know that,” Tony said, in an accusing tone. “Nobody told me anything about you actually being there.”
Tony shrugged. "Who knows? But we need to respect his time, Steve. When he wants, he'll come looking for you and go back to being what he always was."
“Jarvis? I need to know what's going on with me.” Tony said with his face pressed to the floor, his voice muffled and breathless.
, would be enough for Steve to forget everything they had lived. Tony didn’t remember anything. Everything he remembered had been told to him. He didn’t remember what he had felt when he and Steve last met. He didn’t even remember his last thought when they last spoke. Tony didn’t remember when Steve had smiled at him the last time, or when they had fought together for the same cause the last time. Tony didn’t even remember what he felt when he last saw Steve. And that ate him alive. All his memories were second-hand, borrowed from people who didn't delete their own memories in a last attempt at redemption. In one last attempt to make Steve proud.
"Wait a minute," Steve asked. Tony stopped writing and looked at him, waiting. "What do you mean, 'setting up his defense?'"
Tony stroked her back, trying to soothe her - or soothe himself, he did not know - as he kissed the top of her head.
"Go to the right and focus your attacks on that head. I'm going to attack the left head. The middle head will become incapacitated if both ends are too busy to aid in body movement.”
Tony looked away from the screen and looked up in time to see Steve's reaction as he read his message, the quick inspiration and his Adam's apple going up and down was more than enough for Tony to realize he was on the right track.
is trying that right now. Remember the habeas corpus I talked about before? So. She's preparing everything from New York, but we need more details, which we'll only get when we talk to the Chief."
Or maybe it was when he realized that he couldn’t live without Steve soon after they fought in Siberia and Steve was gone away.
erase my memory in one last attempt to ... I don’t know.” Tony struggled to find the right word, but nothing in the right sense occurred to him.
Tony indicated the black 4x4 ahead. They threw the suitcases in the back seat and Tony took the wheel.
"Would we need any protection?" Tony had to be sure. "'Cause I assure you I'm all clean, sweetheart."
"I don't even wanna know why that came out, but if you want it to be like that, whatever," Tony facepalmed. Once again, he thought he had spoken to himself, but his own mouth betrayed him.
Tony focused again on Steve’s face, his eyes, and realized that he had so much to ask, so much to say, that he couldn’t decide where to start.
Fury narrowed his eyes, but started talking again about the pasture with cows. Tony pulled his chair close to the table and, leaning on one of his feet, used the other to find Steve's leg, which only God knows how he managed to disguise the fright with a cough. The soldier looked surprised at Tony, who smirked and continued to explore Steve's leg with his foot. He reached the knee and slipped his foot down Steve's thigh, all the while staring at each other, completely oblivious to what was going on around them, trapped in their own bubble.
"For a long time I tried to ignore that what I felt was love, but in the end we need to stop running from the truth and face it.”
where did you learn these things?” Tony asked, but not sure if he was really asking something. He was lost in his own pleasure, with Steve licking and teasing his rim, slowly loosening him.
Steve bit Tony's earlobe and that was enough. With a cry of pure pleasure, Tony came like never before in Steve's hand. He felt all the tension come out of him along with the white jets, leaving behind only pleasure, love, and an immense willingness to leave Steve's legs as shaky as his were at that moment.
"This," Steve released Tony's hand and unhurriedly slid his fingers all over the exposed part of Tony's arm, making him shiver.
Tony swore to himself that he would leave Steve alone, that he would wait until he tried to get in touch. Tony told himself, returning from Steve’s apartment the night before weeping, like a helpless child, that he wouldn’t do anything like that again.
"Good morning, Mr. Stark," a middle-aged man poked his head out of the cabin and smiled. "Are you ready to take off?"
“The two of us, together,” Tony kissed Steve. “And I will never feel lonely again, because you will be there, walking this path with me, beside me, won’t you?”
love problem taught me is that we shouldn’t wait too long, because we may regret not having tried before. Don’t make the same mistake I did. Go talk to this girl, okay?"
“So, we're not even number one on your list?” Tony was offended. They were the Avengers, damn it. The Earth's mightiest heroes, for god's sake. And they were at the bottom of the list of potential protectors for a damn box.
Tony smiled and hooked his fingers in the Captain's belt, pulling him close, ending any air between them.
Steve stood up as best he could and looked at Tony, and he was beautiful, with his golden hair clinging to the sweat on his forehead by the effort of that wonder that was the coming and going he did. He smiled and Tony realized he was smiling too. “Are you going to let me take care of you?” Steve asked in a hoarse voice, broken by the thrusts of his body against Tony’s. He groaned as he pushed deep. “Are you going to let me love you?”
