"Hiya, boss, glad to know you're awake. I'm FRIDAY, and I run this suit."
They have nothing to lose, after all. If it's this universe's F4, then they won't be able to interact, and Tony will open a new window from there, no biggie. He offers his hand to Steve again, and they step through without a glance back.
“True, they are internal on Midgard. How was it to finally meet?”
"No worries, friends," Thor adds. "I only advise that you keep a hand on Mjolnir at all times, so I do not lose you along the way."
"I do. Nothing about it respects the laws of physics, so thank God for small favors." Tony grins and winks. "Sorry to disappoint."
"Yon-Rogg, a Kree, seeing I had powers, kidnapped me and brought me back to their planet, Hala. They brainwashed me and tried to use me as a weapon against the Skrulls. I briefly returned to Earth in 1995 and learned the truth. That's when I worked with Fury and we secured the Tesseract, from which Dr. Lawson had derived her core's energy."
Double play, fuckers. With the tag, it's game over.
"Hydra found Bucky after he fell from the train in the Austrian alps. They wiped his memories, brainwashed him, and made him an assassin for their cause."
Steve hadn't noticed from the porch, but Tony iced the small hill. It makes sense: it must make the descents a lot faster and the slope easier to maintain. It's with reasonable confidence that he won't fall on his ass that Steve starts gliding down. He lowers his center of gravity, extends his arms, and he likes to think it's relatively elegant even as he swerves not to collide with Tony, Jim and their tube. Stopping is the trickiest part: Steve deviates to the right until he can jump and end with both of his boots in the snow that flanks the slide.
"For fuck's sake!" Tony had finally snapped when Steve had once again said Tony shouldn't waste his time on searching for Hydra intel. "I'm just trying to help! Why don't you let me?"
While Steve tried to be insistent but gentle, Tony just… drags her on the floor. Callie goes totally limp and lets it happen, as if it's the most terrible indignity she ever had to endure. Steve guffaws at the show and Tony grins at him.
Carol rolls her eyes. "I have my suit."
Steve freezes, heart pounding. As he twists back toward Tony, he notes that his friend is now standing up with a hopeful smile on his face. The relief is immediate and makes Steve's head spin.
Tony has his footing back, and this time his laugh is amused, though not mocking. He cards his fingers through Steve's hair, pulling him forward for a brief peck on the mouth.
"Never happy when you get hurt," Steve says. He looks heartbreakingly sincere. "You scared me—us—again."
. More advanced than anything I'd ever seen."
"I'll only say that Other Me is not pulling away at all," his Steve remarks wryly.
He doesn't want Vers to be right, but Anthony focuses nonetheless.
It's not a ferret, but something similar and smaller, with brown fur on its back and head paired with a white belly. A weasel, maybe? It raises on its hind legs to pat down the crow, who is ruffled but doesn't seem injured.
"Why don't you come in?"
"I'll drink to that," Steve says as they toast.
Steve's eyes widen, and he flushes bright red while Tony hides a smile behind his hand. His heart has sped up: he understands exactly what Steve is trying to say.
The mixed signals are confusing. "Why not? You want me. I know you do. You kissed me back!"
"Yeah, Daddy's away all week, working hard," Tony says with a wink. Steve has been disturbed many times by comments on social media calling him Daddy, too often from people who are too young. He knows it's in jest, mostly a joke, but it’s sexual, and frankly not Steve's thing at all. But when Tony says it… it's different. Everything is different when it's Tony. Especially when it could be flirting (is it? He'd take it.)
The croupier puts the last six tiles of the game on the table, and for now there's nothing good for Tony. There's a high chance that one of the hidden tiles is a red "ten," and Tony really hopes someone chooses it. Kol starts the round, but the hidden tile he uncovers is a green "seven," therefore useless. But then Disorganized Guy turns over the red "ten," and Tony needs to distract the other players so they hopefully forget about it before Tony's turn.
Rhodes stands up and gestures to the little girl who takes the offer and transfers to his arms. "I'm with you. Come on, monkey."
Steve watches with fondness as the robot approaches with utmost care, his head blocking the kittens from view. He makes an interrogative noise.
Steve rummages through a small bag at his feet and takes out… an arc reactor. Or something very similar, glowing a reassuring blue.
Tony could hear his voice climbing as he went from hurt to angry. He was getting worked up, and he jumped to his feet to pace. Well, that explained why Steve had been so weird. And why he didn't want Tony to look into Hydra too much.
"You're very good with him."
They eventually reach Steve's bedroom and Tony gently pushes so he falls on the bed. Tony takes a minute to take in the sight of him; he's a vision, sprawled against the sheet and deliciously rumpled by the make-out session.
"What?"
He says his goodbyes to the delightful Dina, who blushes even pinker when Tony lays it on thick and kisses her hand. It's adorable.
Tony's certain that’s what happened. There are clear signs of fighting in the room, including the busted window they used to enter Reed's lab. There must have been some kind of attack, then the F4 went through a portal (willingly or not).
"I love babies. Any age, really, it's so cool when they start to learn things, too." Of course Tony would be excited about that. Heck, he makes robots and programs that are almost his own children, just to see them evolve.
"Yeah," Steve admits, putting his backpack on the ground and striding to the enclosure.
"Hey," Tony protests, pushing her away. "You have enough room to play. Leave me alone."
Remembering Pepper and their wedding but also their marriage falling apart. Working hard on believing it wasn't his fault. Remembering Pepper being a superhero.
"No," Rhodey shrugs. "I just felt that I had to say something, but I'm good with that plan. Are you sure you're okay to work with Rogers and Barnes?"
"Yeah? Well, Pep—" he starts and immediately his face falls. As if for a moment he'd forgotten his break up and it came back all at once. Shit, that was not the plan at all. He looks so lost that Steve wishes they had the kind of friendship where he could gather Tony in a hug without a word.
Wanda seems envious when Steve picks Callie up, and yeah, he's smug. He's learned that there's no better feeling than being deemed worthy by a cat.
The twenty-first century is gearing up to be Tony's favorite yet.
"Yes," Tony says firmly.
"I'm not letting you go in there alone, Tony!" Steve says, not pulling so hard anymore but still not releasing him. "Sam, do what you can, but do not, I repeat, do not touch what looks like a hologram." A pause. "I have to, Sam, I really do."
Her entire demeanor is a weird combination of eager, shy, and a little too blunt. But if it can make her relax, why not?
"Yes. That suit screams space flight." Tony says.
“Yes, be prudent with your interpretation,” Frigga says kindly. “I agree that crows or ravens are a powerful symbol of war, but they have a special meaning here in Asgard. I have never seen a daemon take that form before.”
"I can't believe you just said that and that I'll marry you anyway."
"I should have worn a condom."
"There’s no—"
Tony points to the table. "I wanna go check that game."
Steve beams. "Perfect. I can't wait."
"Can you blame me? You're sin on legs, Steve. My mind is in the gutter as soon as I have eyes on you. And often even when you're out of sight."
"Yeah, I know, I don't want to leave them either," Tony says, when Steve doesn't immediately agree to go to bed. "But what's the use of having two people to care for them if we both stay up? It's past 1 AM, and I'm used to working until sunrise. You can come back for the 7 AM feeding and I'll catch some shut-eye then."
The palace, as everything else in Asgard they’ve seen, is impressive and regal, the opulence present everywhere. Thor leads them to a set of double doors he pushes open, gesturing for them to enter.
That's worrisome and it makes Tony frown. What is Steve talking about?
It pulls a happy rumble from Tony. "Relax. Take a nap if you need to."
"I suppose so. It's worth investigating," Steve agrees. "Thanks, Tony."
"I'm sorry, love," Tony says. His goal isn't to hurt Steve's pride, but to keep him safe. "You're not ready yet."
The panicked faces of his teammates, including the distress clear on Steve's, just after the snap spring to Tony's mind. The memory makes him recall the immense pain that coursed through his body. It felt like lava overtaking his right side, starting at the hand wearing the gauntlet. But there was also the vertigo of being all powerful, how Tony saw all the tempting possibilities to revolutionize the world laid before him. It's a challenge to keep a neutral expression with that onslaught of memories; the others would interpret his reaction wrongly if he let all that show in the current situation.
"I wish circumstances were different, and that we could do this properly," Tony says.
Curious, Tony approaches and sees that there are two bedrooms, with only one enormous bed in each. He wonders what the Iantusians imagined couples were. They've been hanging out with each other without being with one person more than the others, in his opinion. It's true that earlier Nebula was resting on Tony's shoulder, though. It might have been misconstrued.
"Same. I don't know what I'd do if you died, Tony. I'd miss you a lot." There’s a lot of sentiments on Steve's face that Tony can’t quite identify.
thoughts on magic?”
"I know. Still disturbing. That was quick thinking, earlier," Tony says. "Bringing Loki here and tricking him into admitting he's jealous of the Avengers live on TV. I watched the tapes: it was perfect. Nothing like shaming a god to make him go poof."
Tony is tingling from his orgasm, but more than that, he's filled to the brim with how much he loves this man. He pushes back strands of hair off of Steve's forehead and kisses his plush lips with all the care and devotion in the world. His goal in life is going to be simple from now on: make Steve as happy as he can.
Cowboy-Steve—who is insanely sexy and Tony will cherish the visual for years to come—clearly doesn't see the intruders in his little dusty town. As he reaches them, Tony lifts his hands in protection by reflex, but Cowboy-Steve walks right through him. It doesn't hurt or feel like anything in particular, but hair rises on Tony's arms, anyway. Now that he looks at Steve, his own Steve, and at himself, he notes they are slightly translucent.
"I know nothing about kids."
Another surprise. "He's a super soldier too?"
They kiss some more, forceful and passionate, but Tony is too keyed-up to get to anything fancy. The feel of Steve's chest against his, being held close in his strong arms, it's making him frantic. They're rutting against each other, chasing the perfect friction, and it's just shy of enough. Steve's making delicious cut off groans, leaning into every touch, hands and mouth claiming as if he needs Tony more than he requires air.
"Yes, eventually. We haven't seen Bruce since, though. I hope he's all right, but we figured it was best to let him process. He'll come back if he wants. After lots of collateral damage and after almost destroying a city in Sokovia, Clint talked Wanda down."
"On the platform, Captain," J.A.R.V.I.S. says. "I will take you there immediately."
The evasion is an answer in and of itself — not about more werewolves or not, but about how he can't talk about it. Plus, if Steve wants to get dressed, it means that he can't turn back into a wolf, or at least doesn't want to.
"You made them a new heating pad?" He was gone for less than thirty minutes.
What? That’s downright impossible. He looked into it. He would bleed out before the best surgeon could entirely remove the shrapnel. And did Steve say years ago? What the hell is going on here?!
There's a long beat of silence, and Anthony bites the inside of his cheek to keep silent.
"To make a long story short, the Krees wanted the engine's core. They made my plane crash, killing Dr. Lawson. When they came for the core, I shot it and it exploded, giving me powers." She makes her fists glow at that, which has Rhodey tense a bit. Tony taps his thigh in reassurance and he relaxes. "Yon-Rogg—"
"He has to be close."
They try to kiss, but they're both smiling widely and Tony giggles. He has never felt this effervescent, this in love with anybody else. It makes him bold.
"Platypus!" Tony exclaims, walking towards Rhodey with open arms, though he's met with lit up repulsors and an array of weapons aimed at his person instead of a return greeting.
"Please, I know that if you'd beaten me to the stones, you would have done the same.”
"I'm not—" Tony starts, but his stomach growls comically loudly and Steve raises an eyebrow.
"Spoilsport," Tony protests. It's
"I didn't mind. They showed me material that was recently rediscovered. It was nice." Bittersweet, really, especially seeing Bucky smirk and joke with him and the others, but he's glad to have seen those tapes. And the journalists
Heck, Steve is fifteen minutes early, since he woke before the alarm. There is a familiar head of dark hair on the cot in the corner, which makes him smile. Tony listened and went to sleep before Steve took the 7 AM shift, but not in his bedroom. It figures that he wouldn't be able to go far.
Steve shakes his head. "No, that's not it."
These are not the men he was expecting to see at all. The all black uniforms and ugly octopus patches are clear; they are Hydra. Fuck. Seven of them, so too many to fight, even if he tried.
"So we stroll into this place, unannounced, and announce we're the shit. Got it." Tony replies.
"I'm so very sorry about that. But I told you, I'm fine. And I wasn't bullshitting earlier, I don't blame Bucky for my parents." Tony takes a deep breath. "So, if we can clear all of that mess up, about Vienna and how he's not responsible for his actions as the Winter Soldier, in Berlin and otherwise, then I don't see why he couldn't come and live with you in the tower."
He's wiggling his fingers at Callie, who can't be bothered to bat at them. She just reaches out and pushes Jim's hand away with a hint of claws. Those things are sharp, and Rhodes gets the message and leaves her be.
Other-Steve seems mostly confused. "Tony? Are you hugging me?"
And not once was there a mention of the kittens.
"Alright," he concedes with a chuckle. "She's just that awesome, then. Which makes me wonder… what are you waiting for?" he challenges the other one.
Steve scrunches his nose adorably before he answers. “There’s a lot I don’t understand either, Your Majesty. Starting with daemons. It was quite a surprise for us.”
Steve's arms are strong and secure around him, grounding as always, and Tony is not sure he can do this. He takes a shaky breath and slowly lets it go against Steve collar bone, composing himself. Tony has to be strong, or at least fake it until he's on the plane.
"Like a red cap to a bull," Rhodey says, shaking his head.
It is, in fact, a suitable moment to pause, and Tony hadn't realized it was two in the morning already.
"You want to come, love?" Tony asks.
"You're ridiculous."
A tear rolls down Steve's cheek, which rubs Tony the wrong way.
Tony blinks several times. "I think I have a huge concussion because you do
It's very late, in fact early morning, when an inebriated Thor walks them to their room. After a bear hug each and goodnight wishes, he continues his way down the corridor towards his own quarters, singing Wrecking Ball at the top of his lungs. The hilarity of it reminds Tony they need to bring back some of that mead home.
It's Carol who gets the lion's share of the stares, but there are curious glances for the rest of them too. Tony notices that they've crossed the room, which gave good exposure, and that Carol has brought them close to a side exit. There's an empty alcove nearby that she slides into, and they follow suit.
"Then I hope the Supreme Intelligence spills the beans soon," Anthony says. "Can I go binary now? I want to fly."
Tony blinks a few times, mouth forming a little 'o'. Steve wants to die. Oh my god, he's going to stomp Bucky to
make sense."
"Yes, they did. Like you warned us."
"Sexual frustration is an asset?"
"Yes, thank you for the wonderful welcome," Steve adds, and raises his mug at his turn. "Here's to a long and fruitful friendship between our two peoples, and to many more victories! Skol!"
"I knew you'd change my life the very first second I saw you, Natasha," Steve says, hands in hands with his bride. "And you did, for the better. You are everything I ever hoped for, and exponentially more. I vow to support you, and to always have your back. I take you, Natasha Stark, to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I pledge thee my faith."
"Maybe I do," Steve says, subdued.
"No, I mean to get the weapons. I'd bet the Avengers ruined a party set up by one of our very own American agencies," Tony says.
"The what?" Tony exclaims. Is that why Wilson was Cap, and Steve wasn't in the Avengers' team when they were fighting flying beans and robots?
Tony and Rhodes are further down the hill pushing a big rubber inner tube up the slope. Meanwhile, Peter is effortlessly holding another under an arm, his second hand clasped in one of Morgan's as they climb to the start of the slide. Peter helps her sit in the tube as they wait for their next descent.
He wonders once more what the right move is in regards to Steve's crush. They have a complicated history, and Tony doesn't remember all of it. Tony likes Steve back, that's the thing. A lot. But he doesn't know if he has something brewing on Earth, no official significant other notwithstanding. What if Tony's on a break with Pepper, but there’s a chance that it’ll work again? Granted, that's not the impression he got from the texts and emails he found on the phone. Tony's probably single. And so is Steve.
"Yeah. You're always so good for me, Tony."
Isn't that familiar.
They all agree and thank him while sitting down in the Adirondack chairs circling the fireplace. Rhodes distributes mugs, then carefully pours the hot chocolate. There's even a bag of mini marshmallows that they pass around, and once satisfied with his drink Steve sits back, legs stretched towards the fire. He ditches his gloves to feel the heat from the ceramic and savors the rich flavor that coats his tongue with every swallow. They're all quiet after the excitement, but it's comfortable. Easy. On the other side of the fire, Morgan has climbed on her father's lap, and Steve can't help but to look at them with longing. Maybe, if the stars align, he'll be able to be part of their family one day. He wishes for it with everything in his heart.
Again, Ayesha’s attention goes to Carol. It's a safe assumption to make. Carol's powers would have allowed her to shoulder the burden all by herself if she'd reached Tony in time. On the other hand, Ayesha dismisses Steve completely who
"No party? How is that fair, when they're going to Asgard to do just that?" Clint crosses his arms over his chest, pouting.
"Indiana?" Steve reacts, frowning. "Bucky didn't grow up in Indiana."
"Oh, right," Steve says.
"It was, but it was also extremely dangerous. The power of the stones is so great, and it's not meant for humans. It burned both Thanos and the Hulk badly, and it should have killed you outright."
"No, thank you," the doctor says, still starry eyed at the amount of money Tony gave the clinic. Steve didn't see the figure, but there were, at minimum, four zeros.
Something doesn't translate right, maybe Steve's tone or his words are too blunt; fear flashes in Tony's eyes as he scrambles up, almost tipping his chair backwards.
"Another one."
Tony pats his chest in reassurance.
"You could come over," he offers.
Tony gapes. "You can't be serious?"
Tony finds it easier to take hold of Electro too and instinctively extends his other hand to Steve, who grasps it tightly. They're soon on the other side, and it might only be wishful thinking, but Tony feels as if Steve holds on longer than necessary, then squeezes before letting go. It thrills Tony to see that they aren't shimmery anymore. It's the correct reality then, which is excellent.
"Please. You know this is my planet too."
"He found him first, too, but just barely. With the help of T'Challa—that's T'Chaka's son who is also the Black Panther—we arrested Steve, Sam, and Barnes."
"Please, I swear I'm good!"
Steve startles at the knock on his door and a bullet rolls off the table and under the cupboard. He swears under his breath and hurries to assemble his pistol, half cleaned. It's late, too late for a courtesy visit, which only means trouble is afoot. It's unfortunate: he was about to go to bed after an uneventful evening, just as he likes them these days. At least he's still dressed, even only in his undershirt and jeans. After reloading his gun, Steve walks to the door, weary.
"She just had to show me the truth."
"You're very intimidating," Steve murmurs as he leans down, but halts and smiles widely, eyes dancing with mirth. "When not a small ball of fluff, that is. I think it helped."
"I love you."
"It's going to be okay," Steve says with a shoulder bump.
"You live here, Will?" Steve asks.
Tony woke up feeling rested and not hungover, which he appreciates a lot. It's very early still, but he never sleeps much, especially when he's been drinking. He could close his eyes and try to go back to sleep, but he doesn't feel like it. This is nice, relaxing even. He can indulge in appreciating a gorgeous young man a little more. As he thought, the bed is large enough that they kept separate and probably didn't even touch each other, but Steve seems to have migrated closer to the center of the mattress during the night. He's curled towards Tony, a hand extended as if unconsciously reaching out for him.
"My pleasure." Rhodes has a knowing look.
"It's not been so bad," Steve says.
"Children?" she asks, expression suddenly eager.
"Just caught a clue about Steve, did you?"
"Just like that?"
"They're preoccupied with the balance of power between developed planets. Before our fight with Thanos, Earth was a non-entity on the universe's checkerboard, but we caught the Sovereign's attention by killing the Mad Titan, Thanos, who’s been a major player for decades."
"My pleasure. Quite literally." It's a testament to his beautiful Irish skin that Steve pinks up a little even after the feeding. His eyes dart to Tony's lap, who is now hard too. He tries reaching for Tony's erection, but Tony catches his wrist and brings Steve's hand to his mouth to kiss his knuckles.
Only hearing Other-Steve chiding him, WIM-Tony now looks very self-conscious.
"Hey, don't mind me, I'm right here," Talos says.
Tony raises his eyebrows in surprise. "Valhalla for a lab accident?"
White Iron Man Tony walks into the room only to raise his hands, repulsors ready, when the gyrosphere drops to the floor with a resonant metallic clunk.
"Isn't he the cutest?" Tony takes the boy into his arms, gently supporting his head as if he's done this a million times.
Well, that's another shock. He can't help but to turn around, and Steve, in a small group circling this year's co-chairs, glances towards the bar at the same time. Their eyes meet and Steve immediately smiles, which lights up his face. It's very sweet to feel his regard following something as simple as a brief eye contact. There's a waver in Tony's soul in return that he swiftly tamps down. Tony's own expression must be off because Steve's smile dims and his face morphs into a concerned frown.
"I've never been one for etiquette," Tony says.
"Sounds great," Tony says.
"You were going in the wrong direction," Steve says. "I wanted to circle around and nudge you towards the village when I realized there was a Hydra camp."
What kind of father leaves his daughter to go on a space road trip? God, the pictures seem to show a nice and loving relationship, but if he ditched her like that... A shiver of unease goes down Tony's spine. He really, really hopes that he hasn’t fallen into the trap of being an absent parent. What was he thinking, having a child? Maybe she was an accident, but as soon as he thinks that, Tony chastises himself. Who cares if she was. Morgan is perfect.
"Almost there, Cap," Tony warns out loud. Steve double taps his shoulder to indicate he's heard.
Tony rolls his eyes. "I'm fine."
Rhodey sighs. "He changed, after you died. Or we thought you died. Retracted into his shell, is all about the job. He doesn't tolerate any slip ups, especially if he himself makes an error."
"Of course! Don't you miss the babies?"
He's surprised that several teams are jetting down from the warship almost immediately. At least three of them, and a count of seventeen space pods in total. Not the most subtle approach.
"So how did we end up in space with those two gals?" Tony asks. Carol said they didn't know each other much, and Nebula almost treats Tony like a child. On the other hand, there was good banter between the two captains earlier. "Are you and Carol together?"
"I don't care to get caught. But I love when it shows that you are unequivocally mine."
"Marriages, man, they get me every time."
"Training, training, I don't need more training!" Anthony grouses.
It's true that, just like Tony, everyone in Timely is still calling him by the title, on a break or not. Red Wolf offered him the badge back, but Steve didn't want it. Not now, at least. He's feeling almost back to full strength, but some days are still rough. He wishes for a bit of time before taking back the responsibility.
Tony huffs, amused, and takes a second to lean in for a peck on the lips, battle be damned. Steve raises the shield instinctively to cover their heads as they kiss. Someone does fire on it, so good reflex.
"Krylorian? Like Bereet, Rhomann's wife?" Steve says slowly, as if surprised that Tony doesn't get it. "We met them on Xandar."
He sees Steve's face fall an instant before a feminine voice speaks up from inside the suit.
"Told you to come any time," Tony says. More and more, Steve believes it. They're on a video call at the moment, and Tony's smile is as sincere as it can be. It's absolutely fantastic. Tony grabs Callie and makes her look at the camera. "Please, Steve, think of the children!"
"I'd expect nothing less."
"Oh, wow," Tal breathes out as Tony rearranges the tiles in order, and a murmur runs around the table. Nebula grabs Tony's forearm and squeezes, and he looks up to see that she has a proud look in her eyes.
"Understood. I'll be careful," Tony says, hyper-focused. The black kitten latches onto the nipple as fiercely as her sister did, which makes him grin. "There you go, baby!"
"And what about you? Did you leave a girl back on Earth?"
Tal has redirected Kol away from Tony and then Nebula, and even if he's not a skilled fighter, he can hold his own. It wouldn't surprise Tony that this is a great excuse for the people present to act on old grudges because a lot of patrons are enthusiastically targeting each other. A brawl like this, on the other hand, is an exercise in restraint for the Avengers, because they don't want to seriously injure or kill anyone accidentally. It's almost fun, until a sudden blast to Tony's right makes the Navive table explode into tiny pieces and has everyone startled. By reflex, Tony asks for the helmet and the HUD.
"Why would I do that?" Tony said, laughing, as Cora desperately tried to get away. She was stronger than he'd thought.
"My turn first," says Jim. "Just watch me. I'm an engineer."
"Everyone want a cup?" Jim asks, stirring the mixture.
"I’m so lost," Steve whines.
"I wouldn't have known what to do," Steve says. He's intently looking towards the man they could see from Richard's lab. They can now hear him singing while petting a horse that is tied to a post, a few feet away. "That guy looks a lot like you."
He'll take care of it. In fact, Tony should hurry to gather a few friends and strike back at Victor as soon as possible. If he has even a lick of sense left, the sorcerer has already left the country.
"Bold first move," Tony says, overjoyed to hear it.
"I do miss you, Hildr, every minute you are not by my side." Thor hugs and kisses the big cat's head. "Only I find it cruel to taunt Midgardians about their sad lack of daemons."
"No," Steve says. "Couldn't, with my asthma. I tried to keep butterflies between the two planes of my room window one summer. There was a three-inch space that made quite a nice house for them, I thought, with holes for ventilation and all. I think I was eight years old."
On the surface, Tony should not be likely to return his desires, or Steve's rapidly developing feelings. But Steve is pretty certain that he's caught Tony checking him out before. More than once, even. The drunk serenades also felt like the inklings of a possibility. If Carol is to be believed, Tony was a mess when Steve was presumed dead, a reaction almost exaggerated for their level of closeness. As for Natasha, one of the few who knows Steve's secret, she argues he'd have a chance with Tony if he asked for what he wants. That Stark is a decent enough man who wouldn't get mad or cause trouble if he isn't interested. Bucky knew about Steve, too, and never judged him, so it's possible.
"Hum, if I may, what's a Kree?" a voice says from the balcony, making them all whip their heads around to look at the newcomer. A slight man in a tight red and blue costume with a black spider etched on his chest is standing by the door, just outside. A full cowl covers his face, with two big oblong white eyes. Carol lights up her fists, but Rhodey is already up.
"There are ups and downs, but yes." Steve's lucky, they could have killed him that day. He almost bled to death, not counting the scare with the hogs. Thank God Scott helped him get away.
The smile soon morphs into a frown, though. Rhodey doesn't let go of Tony's upper arms as he asks questions.
"Cora, come back!" Lilly cries out, before running to Tony. She puts her paws on his thumb, claws gripping him. "It's okay, Tony!"
very nice and
It's curiosity, now, as he's definitely interested in learning about what Tony likes. His boyfriend smiles, wicked.
"All right," Tony says, making Steve grin. He eagerly reaches for Tony's belt, who stops him once more. "Only the zip. Don't undo the belt."
Unfortunately, the answer is clear as day by the way Steve's eyes dim.
on his shoulder, throwing it to the ground. He immediately feels terrible about it for no reason he can comprehend. Adding to the chaos, Steve yelps too. A small furry animal runs down his body to join the… crow? Yes, the black crow on the floor.
"Not just for Iron Man?" Tony asks, as if to make sure he hasn't misread the situation. Steve shakes his head. He's wanted Iron Man back and been vocal about it, but this is so much more.
"On top of a traumatic brain injury seven days ago. Those things add up." Nebula’s lips are a thin, stern line.
"What are you going on about?" Tony asks, rolling his head to the side to squint at Steve. His face is blurry, and that's when Tony realizes he's crying.
He reaches and cups Tony's ass, a long time dream of his, and finds it as firm and perfect as he ever thought. Tony steps forward as they embrace, but bends to kiss the ugly red scar on Steve's chest, where Lester's bullet exited. He's reverent, the kiss lingering, and Steve shushes and reassures.
His princess is now wiggling, ready to go explore too.
Steve can feel his cheek and ears heating because it might have been a factor, yes. He's trying to adapt his way of thinking, but it's sometimes easy to fall back on what he learned.
"Steve. Steve?" The trapped Steve frowns and blinks his eyes open, making WIM-Tony exclaim, "Holy shit, you're alive!"
"Uh," he says.
That's exactly what they hoped for. She'll wait for them to engage, and then light them up. When Tony catches up to Steve, they're almost out of the facility and Nat and Clint join them. It's together that they push the three Kree out… only to encounter several more units, including a familiar face.
"Anthony! This is an entrance worthy of my dear mother," Thor says. "You are only missing the chariot!"
Casino patrons are coming out of hiding, now that the fight is over. It's interesting to see that it's not the fittest and scariest people who stayed, though there are several imposing beings around, but those who seem the cunning and curious type. Surely the perfect lot to spread word of the crazy Terrans.
"Rest, now," Tony adds with a satisfied sigh.
What they can see differs completely from their current setting. Tony wonders if it's just a distinct location in the same universe, or if what he thought was an identification number for the proposed reality is not that at all. Or maybe it's the same reality, but at a different time, which Tony doesn't even want to think about because it would make finding their home at the correct time very daunting.
So Tony paces alongside the now opened window, which is clumsy at best. He's gracious in the air when he's turned, but looks downright silly when he crawls. Tony wishes to explain, but he has no voice, and it's frustrating as hell.
"Yes, dinner," Steve says, struggling to keep eye contact with Tony, who on the contrary is making evasive maneuvers, trying to wiggle out of his arms. 'What did you think we were talking about?"
It's a plea, friend to friend, but Tony also hears in his best friend's voice the weight and seriousness of a career officer on a mission.
"What?" Tony asks, anxiety rising.
The calmness of Steve's tone is reassuring, which helps stave off the anxiety attack. Until Tony thinks about how he forgot important events, and he spirals all over again. It takes several long minutes, but Tony brings himself under control. There's no need to panic because Steve says there’s no immediate danger. If Tony doesn't need the reactor anymore, that’s actually excellent news for his health. At least for his heart. Tony pulls on his right sleeve and sees that the scarring on his arm is extensive. It looks like severe burns but in a pattern he's never quite seen before, as if lightning ran under his skin. As far as scarring goes, it's not hideous at least. Almost looks like intentional scar marks, intricate and delicate. It doesn't hurt either. Thank God for small favors.
He'd like very much to go back to fooling around and hopefully getting off soon. On Hala, he almost hooked up with a few people, but never went through with it. He wonders if it was his subconscious balking at the idea that it wasn't Steve. Tony doesn't think he wants to know if Steve slept with anyone else—which he wouldn't blame him for, after all he thought Tony dead—but somehow he thinks not.
Steve has finished emptying his syringe and the white kitten is like putty in his hand, drunk on milk.
"If you say so." Tony raises his hands placatingly.
"You can come back, you know?" Tony says.
Frigga is right; taking a quiet moment to relax will do Tony some good. Even though the source of his current inner turmoil, also known as the crow that is supposedly the embodiment of his soul, is right here in his face.
"Thanks. You want to pet her?" he offers.
"You're very expressive. And you give out more clues that you realize," Tony says.
"Come back here." Steve hooks his hand around Tony's neck, who very willingly goes back to making out. If they start sweet and heartfelt, the kisses rapidly turn deep and wet. God, Tony missed this always electric connection with Steve. He is starved for it, hands grappling with the buckles and zips of the Captain America uniform in his quest for skin.
"Neb, please. It's a sound investment, I'll pay him back," Tony says, beckoning the dealer to take Tal's card. "Thank you, Tal."
"Yep," Steve says.
, I get that. But I like you a whole lot, and now you know. I swear I won't make it weird." His mouth contorts in a self-depreciating grimace, the first sign of embarrassment. "Weirder, anyway."
“Yes you are, honey.” Tony bends to kiss her head. Lilly leans into it and rubs on his cheek in return, which tickles.
After touching something under the table that makes the stage-slash-table pass from being lit in blue hues to a deep red, Baylee winks at Steve and leaves in search of patrons in need of entertainment. Steve's shoulders relax a fraction and Tony has so many questions. He's lived in the twenty-first century for over a decade now. Surely Steve's used to being hit on at this point? Tony wonders if he's been in a few relationships, though now's not the time to dwell on Steve's romantic or sexual history.
"Come on," Tony needles. "Tell me, I can help! Do I know her? Is it Ororo? Or Janet?"
Afraid of the remorse and guilt in the light of day, Steve gets it. He shakes his head.
"Yes, Tony. All yours." Forever if all goes well.
"Do you fake being fine like that often?" Tony asks his Steve, who makes a face that totally admits guilt. "Yeah, I had my doubts. Never ever dare question me again when I do the same."
"Fine. I'll go lie down in my room with the lights dimmed, no phone. Happy?"
"We're always pretty, I know, I know," Cora interrupted.
She taps her lower lip with her index finger as if she needs to think about it. "I'd say Danvers comes up the most."
"I'll be careful with your heart," Steve says earnestly. "I swear."
"They're stupid," Tony says with a head shake. "We'd only have to dye you gold, and you'd fit right in. Carol, you said they'd all shine, but not that everyone was also tall and beautiful. I can't believe I'm saying this, but so much physical beauty made everything borderline creepy."
"Yes. It was ideal: a fantastic project, millions of miles between me and Steve, and no temptation to do something rash like go after Barnes. I figured it would let me cool down."
"Can we go home now?" Tony asks, hoping he doesn't sound too desperate.
Tony is curious about how everyone took his death, especially Steve, but he doesn't know how to ask. It's probably a very crass question, anyway.
"When you asked…" Tony pauses, considers him and then raises his chin, as if he's resolved to face the music no matter what. "You seemed to know the answer to your question, and many would not be happy about it."
A feeding every two hours is a routine that repeats far too often, but they have it down to a science after the third day. Steve gives Tony breaks if Stark Industries requires him, and he takes at least one shift off for himself to train and video chat with the others at the Compound as he remotely organizes training exercises. Nat has taken the on-site leadership role with ease, and with only a minimal amount of teasing and knowing looks. To be fair, Steve and Tony being sudden cat dads is highly amusing for the entire team, and they keep requesting pictures.
"All I feel is humidity. I thought you were working for Ross now, Carter," Mechanic-Tony says.
"Thank God. I'm sorry I didn't invite you in right away, I panicked." He carries Tony in his palms as they move to the first floor again. "Are you thirsty?"
“Welcome to Asgard. I hope you will enjoy your visit. It delights us that you accepted our invitation.” Frigga gestures to the couch near her chair. “Please sit down with me.”
They should bring in as much evidence of the man's duplicity as they can to help their cause. Unfortunately, that means the dreaded VHS tape, which seems intact under the still fuming monitor when Tony goes to retrieve it. Just touching it makes Tony's skin crawl, and it must show on his face.
Nebula steps in close and grabs Tony's chin, peering into his eyes. She's frowning, definitely not happy he got hurt once again.
Somehow Steve squeezes harder. "Rhodes argued and argued with Thor that it wasn't possible you'd die in a lab accident. He wanted to search for you. And I did nothing. Just like with Bucky."
"Steve, there are still six long hours to this flight. I am traveling to the Southern Hemisphere with the plebe—"
"What's your name?" Tony asks, overtaken by curiosity.
Will shrugs. "Alright then. I'll be right back," he says, and jogs towards the store.
This is getting complicated. Tony rubs his forehead, hoping to hell that he doesn’t get a headache, but he wants to hear more. "But we got the Tesseract back." He understands it holds one of the stones.
"Are you okay?" Carol asks.
"Fury has questions on your last report," she says.
"Are you saying that you want to replace horses and oxen?" he asks.
"Hey, hey, no! Where are you going? Come back here. You're not chickening out, are you?"
The truth is that love has burned Tony one too many times. His new equilibrium came at a price, and he's not sure he wants to shatter this newfound comfort zone.
Steve's mouth is watering and he can't even play it cool and quip back. He climbs on the bed, taking a spot between Tony's thigh, eyes fixed on how Tony is still touching himself. It's the sexiest thing Steve's ever seen, by far.
Tony silences him with another kiss even though it's hard to do it right as they're both smiling, giddy to know their feelings are returned. Here, on Tony's porch and kissing with cold noses and the taste of chocolate on their tongues, Steve marvels that he's truly happy, without reservations.
Steve lowers himself and tentatively touches the unmoving cat, with hair so pale it's mostly pink, and he's relieved when it squirms. Not dead then, that's good.
"Yes. Your daughter, through and through. She's amazing."
The letter Tony is holding up for Rhodes to look at is from Dugan to Dernier, who is convalescing in London. Tony points to a passage near the end.
"That's it, just like that. You feel so great, so tight."
"Of course." He was planning on courting Steve, which meant confessing first. "Were you going to tell me you're a wizard?"
"Why did she tell you that?"
"Oh, right, the kittens," Sam replies with a smirk that rubs Steve the wrong way. As if the kitties are just an excuse, which they are
He gestures, and bright pieces of metal start flying to him. An armor suit, red and gold, is forming around his body. The suit is achingly familiar, and it suffuses Anthony with pride and longing. He doesn't quite remember, even though he knows he should. This is important; it's an essential part of him, and he's missed it like a chopped limb.
"A year ago, in a Hydra base of operations in Sokovia, we got mind whammied by a young woman with powers. Wanda Maximov. She showed us our worst fear, and it led to a lot of destruction. A big part of it was my fault, as I insisted the Iron Legion enforce a police state for a while. Wanda also released a raving mad Hulk through Johannesburg—"
"No, but I can assist with whom names which kitten. I will generate a random number between one and ten, associated with a kitten. You and Captain Rogers may then choose a number at your turn, and the closest to my pick has to name that cat."
"He deserves to know," Nebula says, tilting her chin up.
"I'm fine, Lilly," the crow replies, allowing the inspection. It looks up at Tony with clear affront. "Rude, by the way."
"Holy shit, Burger King? You're from Earth too?"
"I should have," Steve says, solemn and contrite. "I’m so sorry."
It's a convoluted story and Tony is trying really hard to take it all in, but he can't help but come back to his parents' assassination.
Steve perks up. "Yeah, they are." He points behind his shoulder towards the Hydra camp. "I'll have a trail to follow now with the two who got away."
That makes the corner of Steve's lips lift a bit, and Tony can't help but push his luck.
"You've heard my man. Get out of here before we make you," Tony says, letting the cosmic energy charge his hands.
And here's the Avenger's second-biggest lie. "I was so afraid that someone would use the stones again for destruction that I wished for them to disperse throughout the universe, hopefully never to be reunited."
isn't far, but it isn't harsh either. She provides a towel for Snowball that Tony accepts with a smile, wrapping the kitten up.
"Fuck yes."
"The one and only," Tony says. "Before we continue this, I need a second to confer with my bestie."
"I also have a plan: attack."
"Head's up at five, seven, and nine, heavily armed," Tony relays, charging his repulsors.
"Three and a half months ago. She's sharp as a tack, of course."
Steve raises his arms—finally—and Tony starts pulling off the T-shirt while pushing down Steve’s pants with the other hand. He can multitask if it means Steve is naked faster.
Steve doesn't answer, too busy chewing, and for a few minutes they eat in silence. After his third cheeseburger, Steve points at Tony's project with a French fry.
"A fancy pacemaker, chief," Tony says. The mess of scars on his chest helps to sell that lie.
Tony and Carol fire several shots at the Krees as they back towards the emergency exit. Now that she isn’t holding back her power, the photon blasts erupt from Carol's hands.
In fact, Steve is more than a fan of Tony as an athlete. He's, in Bucky's words, a besotted idiot. But who can blame him? Tony is absolutely gorgeous in any shape he takes. The feline grace is apparent even at Baseline, where he's slim in build, almost delicate, but so pretty. Tony's big brown eyes with indecently long eyelashes and his pert little ass should be registered as lethal weapons, really. Steve feels like a big tongue-tied oaf around him, in either of his own forms, which is so embarrassing. If that wasn't enough, Tony is also brilliant, acing his engineering classes, and very sweet once you see through his fake arrogance. Maybe one day Steve will find the courage to ask him out.
Unsurprisingly, most of the questions had been for Rhodey, T'Challa, but especially Steve. He'd been very honest about his reservations about the current document and why he hadn't signed. But Steve also said that he believed they could be improved, and that the most important thing was for the Avengers, and other superheroes, to work together.
Steve is still reeling, heart beating a mile a minute. He has a date with Tony. Tomorrow.
"I have a feeling I did something wrong?" Tony says slowly.
Steve listens and stays put but isn’t happy about it. Clearly he doesn't think Tony can hold his own, which is ridiculous. He has his armor, for God's sake.
"And?"
As always, there's a frisson of 'not quite right' when the Supreme Intelligence says his name.
"Ha. Work. Another way to numb yourself."
"No, and it's hilarious. Hold this," Tony says to DUM-E, giving the robot Snowball's lead.
"Steve! If you come in too, no one will know what happened to us either!"
"Nine," Steve says.
Tony hates that Steve hurt so much, but there's nothing he can do about it.
"Still, you have a right to tell people to stop bringing it up. That you've moved on," Tony says.
"Then there’s nothing to worry about," Tony reassures. "Babies, say goodbye to Uncle Steve."
"I second that." Clint lowers his bow. "You found a way to come back from the dead? I can't say I'm surprised."
"It's fine, nothing urgent," Martin says.
He decided on the drive over that it would be his mantra for the visit. Just act normal. No need to spill feelings everywhere, not yet. Tony is less than five months out of his divorce, he needs time to himself before dating again. Steve can wait for his chance until it's the right moment, if there ever will be such a thing.
"Yeah, I didn't think that far ahead. Okay, that's—as good as it's going to be. Here, give me your hand. There, all clean."
"We're simply passing through," Tony says, gesturing towards the alcove behind him where he supposes Carol and Steve still are.
"I only have eyes for you, honeybunch," Tony teases, kissing the tip of his nose. He still remembers Steve's delight at first, though. "And I'll try to get to know him, if he wants. I was mostly mad at Bucky because you chose him over me." Tony grimaces at his own words, knowing it may appear silly. "I realize how childish it sounds."
"Sure, go ahead. We're just here for my boy's shots, anyway," the man says, tapping his bulldog's flank.
Steve, who's been fighting next to them and laying out people cold left and right, reacts to that. "Fuck off,” he says with feeling, scowling at Tal.
"Miss Romanov is at the United Nations offices, she'll be back in a few hours. The others are currently in Europe." There's a slight change of tone in the last sentence, but Tony can't be bothered because a suit just came through the patio door to land a few feet away, and he can't stop smiling.
"Shut up! Oh God—"
. The deep, wet kisses are making Tony's head spin and he doesn't want to stop. They've had so many problems talking to each other over the years, but there’s no ambiguity here. They both need more, hands roaming over each other, trying to claim and give at the same time.
It’s completely endearing.
Rhodey, flanked by Natasha and T'Challa, walks on the runway to meet the others, all geared up. Steve meets him with Clint and the Maximov twins. It's hard for Tony to take his eyes off Steve in full Captain America regalia. God, he's hot, always has been. But the regular attraction is mixed with a definite longing—Tony has missed him so much— but also sharp sadness and unease about how they left things. Plus a healthy dose of residual frustration.
As suggested by both Carol and Nebula, they'll all be in uniform or in Tony's case, carrying the arc reactor to suit up later. They plan to stir things up enough for him to deploy the armor, in any case, since it's an impressive calling card. Make a show of it, not to hurt anyone but to make a statement. Tony spent the last two days of traveling to Knowhere playing with the armor, fascinated by the versatility of the nanites. From his perspective, it's a prodigious technological leap. Playing with the suit and its possibilities has been a godsend in distracting himself from his current stilted interactions with Steve.
"Then I must tell you that you're the most gorgeous werewolf I've ever met," Tony says, getting to his feet.
"Or Lilo and Nani," Tony says, grinning at him.
"Then call me Mora," she replies, eyes sparkling.
Even more than the armor, the thought of his best friend works wonders to calm Tony's racing heart. Rhodey has always been there for him, including finding him the desert post escape; he'd felt safe for the first time in months in his friend's embrace. Sure, they don't always agree, and once fought each other in weaponized suits on "Another One Bites The Dust" by Queen. But Rhodey is his rock, has been for a long time.
Yeah, your princess couldn't care less that she's smushing her sister.
"Tony," the Steve waking up says, voice rough. He seems disoriented, which is to be expected in a situation like this. "What?"
"I know," Steve says.
"Girls, if I may," he tells the daemons before flopping right on top of it.
"Let him play," Nebula says, jerking Tal away. It's only when she does that that Tony realizes Tal was practically glued to his back.
"Yeah. Which would work very well if you want us to explore BDSM, because you, my darling, give all the signals of being a submissive."
"Soon enough, anyway," Steve whispers in his ear, and Tony laughs, delighted.
"No," Steve says, suddenly looking sad. "It can't."
"Even dinner with ginger?" Steve teases.
"Yeah," Steve agrees, his tone hopeful.
It has to be enough.
They enter the cranium by flying through what used to be an eye socket. It reveals settlements stacked all over, clinging to the bone in some places or to industrial structures that have sprouted in the skull with no visible organization. In between the turrets, landing strips, and buildings, little spaceships criss-cross the empty space while doing their business, adding to the chaos. They'd heard Thanos had badly damaged Exitar when he collected the Reality Stone five years ago, but clearly it's been patched up. The sight is extraordinary, enough to render Tony speechless.
Tony feels Steve's hand rest tentatively, gently, on his back. He's so careful, as if he's worried he’ll be shaken off. When Tony allows it, the comfort grounding in this whirlwind of emotions, Steve rubs small circles between Tony's shoulder blades.
"Are you sure?" Steve is so cautious. Afraid to hope, maybe.
"Of course, Captain," she says. The way she stops zooming out once Tony is in the frame is proof of how transparent Steve is.
"Yeah?" Sam says. "I told you I had this."
"Fine. I'm coming."
"He didn't convince me at first either, but they're okay. Wanda is crazy powerful, but she still has to fully master her powers. Which led to an incident in Lagos, two months ago. She deviated a bomb aimed at Cap in the air, but it blew up parts of a building. 26 collateral victims, including 11 relief aid workers from Wakanda."
He is sitting on one of the cargo hold's benches and watching Tony approach with resignation. He looks very different from the Bucky Barnes Tony knows from the pictures of the Howling Commando; long hair, stubble, black leather jacket, and combat boots, and a shiny metal arm that raises a million questions. Very handsome, which Tony hates himself for noticing. Couldn't blame Steve for being hot for the guy, on top of him being his best friend from the past. Tony stops before Barnes and crosses his arms over his chest.
"You're on," Tony says, forming a goal with his index fingers touching and thumbs up.
"Beautiful play, Anthony!"
"Ah, sorry," Tony says awkwardly. He is hyper-aware that at this very moment Lilly is stretched in the crease at the juncture of his and Steve's thigh, touching them both.
Tony is glad he doesn't have to slink into the penthouse to find Pepper at the kitchen table with her first cup of coffee, bottling up her resentment. Hell, instead of disappointment in him she'll be happy in a couple of days when he brings her a finished project ahead of schedule.
, with Kevin Costner."
Steve bristles and his magical aura flares. "Who? Where?"
Tony frowns in anger. "Not sure. And the fucker that threw them away could hurt them again."
Steve also often lets his actions speak for themselves. He takes one step forward, then a second when Tony doesn't evade his approach, which brings him inches away. Tony is shorter than Steve and has to tip his head slightly up so they can keep eye contact. Steve's always loved his dark eyes and right now they are smoldering. Anticipation is crackling between them.
"Yeah." Steve tilts his head as he examines Tony in a move that echoes how he acted as his furry self a few hours ago. "You're taking this extremely well."
"What are you trying to hide? Tell me," Tony insists, and Steve's eyes snap up to his again.
"What?" Rhodey asks when Tony approaches.
Tony risks a look at his own Steve, curious to see how he's processing this, and there's quiet wonder on his face. He's staring at Natasha Stark and how she's taking her place at her Steve's side as if she's a revelation. Tony doesn't know how to process all of this, so he turns to Reed.
"Oops, made kind of a mess, though. I'll just wipe that. And before you pull out, let me get tissues."
Tony uses the flight aids on his back and winglets to aid the boots as he lifts off, holding his two teammates. With FRIDAY's help, he makes a beeline as cleanly as he can manage to the Blaze where Carol is waiting for them. Thankfully, it goes great, and Tony doesn't even have to worry about the landing near the loading ramp.
Tony’s heart swells. "Yeah." It's still surreal, but he does. "A little girl."
“Very wise of you. And what about you, Captain?”
Tony jerks out of his reverie to see Chancellor Almar hovering by his side with a tall glass of water in each hand. They almost shimmer like a miniature, proverbial oasis. The chancellor is smiling widely and Tony responds in kind.
"Ouch!"
Okay is relative, but he supposes it’s also appropriate. "Of course. I hope you can finally be happy together."
"During or after?"
"Lead the way."
Tony tilts his head, scanning Steve's face. "There's very little I didn't try."
"Purpose, I know," he interrupts. Yon-Rogg's frown intensifies and he gets in a combat position, which Anthony is quick to mimic. "Will you tell me my ultimate purpose today, Roggy?"
"You're
"Next time," Steve says with confidence. "I've hoped for this for a long time too, you know. I'm yours as long as you want me."
That distracts Tony for a second. Steve is jealous? He can't help but feel a thrill over that and lets his lips curl up.
He looks way too disbelieving, and Steve wonders what's going on.
would want to go on a date. With me."
He’d understand if he'd bought whipped cream or something like that, but the ingredients for Thai food?
"Yes. Start a heating pad, and bring me warm formula and two syringes with feeding nipples, please. Thank you."
"And then she abandoned you here on her home planet, one that she clearly doesn't care about," Yon-Rogg says, making Tony roll his eyes.
"Pretty sure," Carol says.
Tony didn’t think Thor would call him out like this. He’s aware that Frigga is very powerful and taught Loki most of what he knows.
"It's easy, Bella, just walk normally!" Steve tells her.
Why the hell would they want that? Tony wonders.
"It's not my place to set your purpose." Yon-Rogg looks like he can't quite control his expression, as if he badly wants it to be Anthony's purpose. "The Supreme Intelligence knows all."
"I'd love to." He really, really, really would.
"It's possible to share the load of the power surge, so to speak. Fortunately Rhodes, Pepper, Spider-Man, Thor, and I were close enough to touch you or each other to bear the burden."
"Okay, good to know. So back to my question: what are we in space for?"
"Jeez," Tony says, hand on his sternum. "One day I'll put a bell on you! You almost gave me a heart attack."
"And boy, do you succeed. No wonder Loki is obsessed with you."
"But I never did it on a commercial flight, though! So does it really count? Isn't the thrill about the secrecy, the way too tight a space, the fear of being caught, the walk of shame after?"
"Sorry I'm late," he says anyway. It doesn't hurt to be polite. After all, the man saved his life during that fateful attack years ago. Anthony owes him.
"I suppose Fury didn't want me to think too much about it, plus Thor was on his way back. It was the perfect opportunity for him to take me through the Bifrost to Asgard. Very cool ride, by the way. And Asgard is beautiful."
"Jesus." He can't even imagine. "How can you say we won, after that?"
"YES," Steve blurts out, always so smooth.
"Nah, it's fine." Steve wants to do it.
"A cheeseburger, they're delicious. Burger King is the chain. Okay, let's try something else. What do you remember from Earth?"
"They better not run away, Tones, or you're the one who'll have to bring them in again."
"Too bad, it was a good nickname," Tony says, sitting in a chair to look out at the stars.
you install a T-bar?" Jim is asking.
One moment everything is fine, they have the last of the bad guys mostly rounded up and cornered on the roof of a skyscraper on Park Avenue that is thankfully not his own. Then a ray gun hits Steve in the chest and he tumbles off the edge.
He raises high a mug full of mead, and Tony hurries—like Steve and everyone in the room—to grab their own to prepare for a toast.
"I'll take it as a compliment. It was a pleasure talking to you," he says honestly. And not just because she appreciated his kid; there’s deep kindness in her and he can feel it.
"Oh, me too," Tony says. Now that it's leaving his system, he's parched. Hopefully dehydration isn’t looming in his future. "I'm looking for water, if possible."
"No weapons allowed," Big Purple on the right says, but he throws a look at his friend after his eyes stop on the star on Carol's chest for a second.
His jaw is set, but Tony won't argue about that. He doesn't want to be left alone in the multiverse either.
"I’m always shocked that you can swallow a Whopper in four bites," Tony says, but looks through his bag and grabs his own sandwiches. Steve tries not to look as pleased as he is, especially when Tony takes a bite too (admittedly a much smaller one).
"Happy to be here." He didn't dare drop by unannounced, as much as they talked often on video chat, and Steve was delighted when Tony explicitly asked him to come over. "Thanks for the invitation," Steve replies. He points to the tube. "Hop in, I'll push you up."
"You got this very,
He seems astonished, but nothing bad like disgusted or full of pity, which is encouraging.
"Carol can take care of it with one hand tied behind her back," Steve says.
"How's that?"
"How the fuck did it come to that? I told you what I'd seen in the wormhole!" He's getting agitated, and his anxiety is flaring up just thinking of it. The worst is that it became a reality, didn't it? "And look what happened. Thanos came back, as I said." It's so ridiculous. He can't believe they split the Avengers. "Over oversight? That's not even a bad idea," he mutters the last bit to himself.
"She would." Natasha excels with those tasks. "Do you think it could wait a few days? Or it will be too late to find evidence?"
"Not particularly, no," Tony says again. He would, if it didn't hurt as much as it does.
"Not home," Tony says, and when he goes to push on the left arrow again, Steve catches his wrist.
"Pool parties are new, and I resent that I wasn't invited," Tony adds as he steps outside.
"She hates it. But if I put a leash on her and take her out, at least she explores," Tony says, clipping a gold lead to a hoop on her back.
"Thank you," Tony adds, genuinely. "Miss Viv, don't charge this good man, and I'll leave some cash when we go, alright?"
"Hey there, sweetheart," Sam says, slowly approaching nearer, then reaching a wet hand towards her. As soon as she gets a droplet on her nose, by accident, Callie recoils.
"He killed your parents!" Zemo exclaims. "And Rogers knew it, protected him!"
"Because I'll bite you!" Lilly menaced.
"So," Steve says, when they break for air. "Prague or Hawaii?"
"Fuck, I'm close, Steve, so close."
"I see you’re feeling better," Steve says wryly when they take their leave.
. May it be door number one or number two, those rebels had a facilitator."
"Never better," Tony says. "You?"
"You're positive they'll try to sneak in first?" Steve asks.
"Three!" Peter cries out.
"Everything?" Steve looks flushed and Tony frowns, perplexed.
He has a feeling it will be worth it.
"You guys did an outstanding job down here too," Tony says. "Any pressing problems to take care of?"
. Tony wondered once or twice if one day they'd end up kissing instead of fighting. But there was Pepper, until there recently wasn't, so it went nowhere.
But no, it's Yon-Rogg who steps out of the shadow, surrounded by Att-Lass, Van-Igha, Kelleri, Mi-Verse, and another guy he's never seen on the Starforce team. Anthony relaxes, wondering where this memory is going, but his past self reacts completely differently.
"It's not a good idea."  He says it with only a slight tinge of regret. Right now Tony only wants to have a little fun. He doesn't want to hurt anyone, especially not Steve. "If you'll excuse me, I have plans to get laid."
"It's the best news Earth has had in years."
"The Maldives it is."
"Oh, no, I mean-"
"You look good, man," Jim says.
Tony squints, looking closer, and has to agree. It's not obvious, but there's something off with them, compared to everyone else. Could it be that they've found the universe where the F4 disappeared? That would be the best possible scenario.
"I sure did. They told me you were a traitor, and I believed it. Why the hell did you join the Skrulls, anyway?"
"I do," Steve says, grinning too. "Wait a second, you want to see this."
"I know!" Tony exclaims. "Why would it change one person to bright purple and not the rest?"
"Excellent." Steve gives them a brief wave – he wants to go now – and starts moving towards the exit. "I'll email later, I don't know how long I'll be at the tower for, yet."
When Tony catches Steve staring, he doesn't look away. And neither does Tony as his babbling tapers off. It's the moment of truth, most likely. And being half drunk makes Steve bold enough to push it.
"Is that the only thing we have for breakfast?"
"The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated," Tony quips. He thinks he might use that line several times in the next few weeks. It is a classic after all.
"Everything about you is amazing," Steve whispers before leaning down for the privilege of finally kissing Tony.
"Okay, I gotcha," WIM-Tony says as he pulls Other-Steve to his feet and gives him a friendly shoulder pat before stepping back.
"They must have leveled the cities."
Steve huffs in amusement and his eyes soften. "It's not the best time-"
"As for me, when I left for Asgard—" Tony starts.
"Oh, right, of course! Dinner!" Tony's smiling as if the world is back on its axis.
After a moment of hesitation, Tony detaches the device from his chest. He'd feel safer with it, but the direct link to his brain is probably more than he should take on for the moment.
"I insist," Tal says, winking at Tony.
"Yeah," she says with a smile. "I miss it sometimes, in all of its backyard and fucked up glory. Fast cars, rock-and-roll, and cheeseburgers, baby. There's no place like home."
It's heartwarming to find out they’ve become such good friends. Rationally, Tony knows that he should insist that Steve get some rest too, but it's reassuring that he'll stay right here.
Clint and Natasha are their lookouts at the main entrance, on top of the regular Air Force personnel. They'll let the advanced Kree scout team in, purposefully, while making it semi-difficult. They stationed the rest of the Avengers and allies in the canyon next to the facility, cloaked by Wakandan tech, waiting for the bulk of the Kree force.
Ward is getting back in position at home plate, after getting a new bat, but Steve's attention is drawn to Bucky. His best friend is visibly pissed off, wolf ears almost plastered on his head and fangs glinting in the sun as he guards his first base. It's unsurprising, when he's so close to Full Shift hyena-Rumlow, who has a back paw on the bag, and is waiting for his chance to round the bases and tie the score. Bucky and Rumlow despise each other, always have, and Steve worries that it's distracting his friend from the game. It's the ninth inning, and there is only one out. If Ward, who's a powerful hitter, has a good enough hit they are in trouble.
"Tony?" Steve asks.
"Of course." Tony cannot resist bending down to peck at Steve's lips one last time, who cups his cheek with his strong hands again and deepens the kiss. It's a struggle to pull away. "I'll be fine, love. I've fought him seventeen times, and I've always won." The affirmation doesn't seem to be the reassurance Tony hoped it would be as Steve's brow furrows. "Over two hundred and twenty years?"
"Baby, but like permanently? No, too generic. Cee? For Carbon? Maybe. Raven? Nah, too predictable." He toys with a little paw for a moment. "Jellybean? Oh, I like that. Mmm." As if inspired by food, he then rapidly tries a series of other names in the same vein. "Godiva? Kona? Java?" A pause. "Wednesday would fit you."
Inexplicably, tears had begun rolling down Steve's cheeks and Tony hadn't known what to do but to pull him into a hug.
The guests immediately begin filling the chairs, which unfortunately means that several people pass through Steve and him on the way. It's just as disturbing as when Cowboy-Steve did it earlier.
And for the first time since they parted ways, Tony actually believes it.
God, there's no turning back; Steve's so gone on this man. Limbs still shaky from his breathtaking orgasm, Steve shuffles down the bed to reposition himself between Tony's legs. Tony's still hard, the sight generating a renewed bolt of lust in Steve's groin, and he'll take care of him in an instant. First, though, Steve takes the time to brush a few curls off Tony's brow, chest full to bursting with affection when Tony sweetly leans into the touch. Clearly he reciprocates Steve's feelings, to a degree at least, which makes his heart soar. He catches Tony's mouth in a deep and thorough kiss, trying to demonstrate the words that he hopes they'll be able to say soon.
"I'm grateful to them, though. They brought you here," the voice says, then a light comes up in a nearby control room, revealing a dark-haired man. It's the fake doctor that interrogated Bucky in Berlin who Tony saw on the recordings. JARVIS has identified him as Baron Helmut Zemo, from Novi Grad, former Colonel with the Sokovian Armed Forces and commander of EKO Scorpion.
"Thanks Jarvis." Steve then sets out to find his stubborn teammate.
At two balls and no strike, it's no surprise when Natasha brings the heat and throws her fastball. Ward is ready for it too, and the crack of the ball against the bat (that splinters) is sharp, the hit solid. It's a foul ball though, and Steve doesn't even budge from his spot in left field, following its arc as it falls in section 121 on his right.
"As Fury's assistant, Miss Potts generally knows what is going on around here, I am just saying," Steve replies, badly covering up.
If her report is correct, this place has no government to speak of. It’s mostly composed of the workforce extracting material from the remains of the Celestial, which is illegal, and the society that built up around that industry. Which, Tony read, leans heavily towards excess in the form of many opportunities for intoxication and gambling and a blooming sex work industry.
She leans back in her chair, a smirk lifting the corner of her lips. "You heard me."
"Yes, okay," he says.
"Sokovia was a failed state long before you blew it to hell," Zemo says. "No. I'm here because I made a promise."
Unfortunately, Anthony's ego proves to be his downfall. Vers is not dead at all. She’s back on her feet and hands charged. As soon as Anthony flies over the crest of the crater, he's met with a powerful photon blast to the head, then another. As he falls to the ground, rolling in the dirt, he sees several Skrull soldiers flank Vers with their weapons trained on him.
"Different reality, Steve," Tony says. "There's nothing useful for us here, ready to go?" Heck, there's not even a Steve, at least right there with them, which feels unsettling.
Uh. He won't even say what it is? "Now I'm curious."
"That's fine."
When you don't resist the pull, passing through the portal is shockingly easy. The room they end up in is circular, built around a spherical contraption at its center that rotates with various other pieces of tech. Tony has no idea what this gyrosphere is. The whole place is made of metal, and there are rows of red lights on the wall panels. One small corridor seems to lead out of the room, but it's closed with an airlock. Tony is about to suggest they test if they can walk through when it suddenly opens. A man with an Iron Man armor flies over the threshold, before walking in, cautious. The suit is mainly white with a bit of gold and metallic gray, but it's unmistakably another him as proved by the open visor.
"Yes. I arrived on the Mayflower."
"I'd prefer bashing his head in, but yeah." He takes a fistful of the sleeve of Zemo's coat with his metal hand and tugs hard to rip the fabric, before pulling until he has torn off a part of it. "Open your mouth or I shove it in regardless," he tells Zemo.
He gathers Tony closer and vows to stick the landing.
"Good, good," Tony says, nodding. He bites at his lip and there's a long silence.
It's probably poor form to be relieved that he wasn't engrossed in a paranoid delusion.
"Yeah."
He gets to his feet and offers a hand to Tony. At least they are in phase with each other, because Steve's hand is solid in his. As demonstrated multiple times in training and battle situations, it's easy as anything for Steve to pull Tony up.
He doesn't have to tell Steve twice. Instead of letting go of Tony, though, he brings one of their joined hands down between them. Tony jumps on the opportunity to make a fist around his own cock, and Steve's big hand closes over it as they start pumping together.
"You don't speak a lot, do you?" Tony says at some point.
Insecurity flashes in the depth of Tony's eyes. Worried that tonight is all that they've got, maybe.
A couple of moments come to mind, including when Nathalie-Natasha jabbed him in the neck while he was sitting across from Fury in that diner, talking about putting a team of powered individuals together. Tony forcefully stops the cascade of memories by focusing on the present. He doesn't want to slip again, and it seems more prudent.
Tony winks at her as she waggles her eyebrows playfully. "We get that a lot. But no, he lacks the refined taste that would allow him to like me that way."
"Everything looks fine," she says after moving the device near his face for a few seconds and shining a bright light into his eyes. It makes them water, and Tony has to blink away black spots when she stops. "How are you feeling?"
Steve grins. "Happy to hear that. I had a great time."
be a bonus? Everyone would love to meet the great Tony Stark."
"I wouldn't say that," Steve says, eyes straying to Tony's mouth for a second.
Tony would ask for an explanation, but he requested the CliffsNotes version and isn’t sure he can handle too much information right now.
He doesn't miss how that ratchets up the desire in Tony's eyes. Steve almost breaks his act to smile: it's great to know that they both can play this game. Give the other what they want.
"But-"
"Look who's talking! Same for you," Tony says with a smile. "I'll be right back, honey."
"We... could play a game?" she proposes.
"Morgan is the most important person in your life," Steve starts. "We thought that if there was one thing that might surface by itself, it was her. Until now, telling you things that happened didn't jog your memory. We thought cramming too much info at once might not be good, as the doctor said. We’d answer any questions you asked, though."
"Here it is," Steve says, passing it over.
"So we will again."
Tony throws his head back and laughs. Steve should be miffed, but it's a beautiful sight. When Tony looks down again, Steve is making an exaggerated pout for effect, which makes Tony chuckle some more.
"What did I do?"
"Goal! Good job!" he exclaims.
It wouldn't surprise Tony that they indeed ran directly to their base, too panicked to be rational.
"I probably wouldn't have if the subject of kids hadn't come up."
"What about we let you two have a head start, then?" Peter suggests. "Three seconds."
"Then why are you not letting go?"
For a second Peter's forehead scrunches in confusion, but it's soon cleared by another big smile.
Yes, too bad. It infuriates Tony that the secretive captain must be nearby, the closest Tony has ever been.
"The information provided is sufficient for preliminary authentication, though by protocol I have to request a physical proof too," JARVIS adds.
"Ah, yes, good thinking. Here we go, then."
Which… yeah. It isn't just the cats, but he's not going to say that, is he? Steve feels Sam's gaze on the side of his face and silently wills him to stay quiet.
Fuck, Tony hates this. He doesn't want to give Steve false hope, but this isn't a black or white situation either. "You are a great guy, and I like you a lot. But I am not sure if I want—"
In no time at all the elevator has reached the platform, and Steve exits it with residual apprehension, scanning the space for Tony. He spots him sitting on the ground a few paces away, his back to Steve. Why is he on the floor? Worry spikes again and Steve cries out.
"Come on, it's hilarious," Tony says, laughing.
"Anthony!" Att-Lass is smiling. "It's good to see you. We were worried that Vers had killed you."
"Why do you have a baby?" Steve asks.
"Come on," Tony prods. "You said we got over this, so tell me."
"Sounds great." It's a tad breathless as Tony reaches for him and puts a tentative hand on Steve's shoulder. In return, Steve places his hands on Tony's side, which helps cement that this is happening.
Tony does a too-casual shoulder shrug. "If you want."
"If there's any mention of the Guardians, let's pretend we don't know them much," Steve says. "Likewise Nebula will stay on the Blaze, out of sight."
"As can I," Thor says.
"You're welcome," Bucky says with a smirk and a wink.
"Excuses, excuses," Steve teases. "One should prioritize their home planet, I say."
"Hey, Cap," Tony says with a smile. "Sure. There must be a tray somewhere?"
"It is understandable, not knowing the etiquette," Frigga explains patiently. "It is not done, touching another person's daemon."
"Got it. Bye, Cap," Rhodes says.
He wants to do everything he's ever heard about, and more if it exists.
"Tony!"
"It's my pleasure," Steve says. "I'm very happy to help."
"Yay!" Tony exclaims, because he doesn't like awkward situations and everyone seems wrong footed right now. He'd love to go back to hugs. "It's 'Give back Rhodey friends who supposedly died by explosions' day!"
"Please stand with me, gentlemen."
"Be safe! And you're the cutest bat ever, by the way!"
"Boss has been eating snacks all morning, but he has not had a proper meal. Do I understand right that you don't want me to tell him you are coming over?"
Family, gosh, isn't that the dream? He wishes that it would be like that so much; him, Tony, and their fluffy children. Maybe real ones in a few years. One can hope!
Tony scoffs. "Har har. I don't have a favorite," he protests, but pets her anyway.
"Pretty sure they regret it now."
They stop talking about young strangers flirting after that. Their focus is on the problem at hand: the six Krees at the door, or nearby, and the eight or more outside. It's second nature to fight in sync with Steve, and they’re kicking ass. They don't even have to talk—just a nod or a glance, and they read the other's intentions. It makes for fluid fighting. Tony’s also having a blast pushing the nanite armor to do new fun and dangerous things. Anything he thinks up, it can do, or close enough anyway.
to show me the pictures again," Wanda says, teasing; Steve has shown them so many times. "No, really," she adds. "I'll have a better appreciation for them now."
"Mmm?"
Steve is full-on red by now. He shrugs. "It might be. But they all contradict one another."
"I’m certain." Tony lets go of Steve's shirt to cup his cheek. Steve leans into the touch, so trusting and sweet. "One hundred percent, darling."
"Dear people of Asgard, please join me in giving a warm welcome to the leaders of the Avengers, from Midgard." Frigga's voice carries, strong and sure. Tony wonders if it's magically enhanced, or if it's because of exceptional acoustics from the room. "It is my pleasure to introduce Mister Steve Rogers, or Captain America, and Mister Tony Stark, also known as Iron Man."
“And why is that?” Frigga inclines her head, curious.
It seems as if Tony's also still dealing with his surprise. "Me, really?" he asks softly.
"I can help you win over that lucky guy, too," Tony continues, oblivious that Steve is talking about him. "You know I date both men and women, right? I'm here for you, buddy."
the Avengers over a difference in opinion?
But Steve doesn't open the window, just puts his hands on the inside ledge and peers out into the night.
"Okay," Rhodes says. They know of aliens, after all, if not these specific ones.
"You know Steve is interested, and you do nothing?"  She visibly expected that Tony would fall into Steve's arms, delighted at the opportunity.
"Yikes," Tony says with a grimace. Visibly hitting Yon-Rogg in the face didn't assuage Steve's anger. "When Captain America advocates for your death, you know you've fucked up."
Tony looks happy about that. "Yeah?"
Clearly, Steve needs to spell it out. "Tony, I'm asking where
"If you insist. Then let me rephrase, Steve." And yes, that works: Steve likes Tony saying his name a lot. "Healing well, I hope?"
Tony is ready for the attempted punch when Kol throws it. He catches it before it touches his face with a newly formed gauntlet and holds it there, stopped cold. With an opening like that, Tony can't resist his next line.
"Cool," Steve says. Every time he learns about Tony's creations, he's a little more amazed.
Tony has had enough. First, he fires at the monitor, making it explode.
He looks warily at the boar, hoping he’s not insulting it. The beast grunts but doesn’t seem too offended.
"Still. I love
"Can I just say that you two are very cute, and if this story didn't include a boyfriend, I'd be certain you two are a thing," Carol says.
"Nick!" Carol cries out joyously, hurrying to go hug him, which makes Fury grin as he returns the embrace.
Tony can't help it; he gathers her closer.
"Quill showed me. He thought it was funny," Nebula says with a small smirk.
to enjoy a beautiful summer day, which would be easier if his rowdy teammates could keep quiet for once. But no; Sam, Rhodes and Thor are having a cannonball competition on the other side of the pool. The goal, as far as Steve can understand, is to get water on him. Not that he asked about it, or even moved from where he’s laying face-down on his chair, willing his back to pick up at least a bit of a tan. Steve pretends to ignore Sam and Jim, so they leave him alone. There's another big splash, which sends droplets on Steve's feet and has the peanut gallery cheering. Wanda is laughing and Steve smiles, hidden in the crook of his elbow where he's resting his head. He'll take getting wet if it makes them this happy.
Tony thinks about what he just said—and how
"That's it. You've been so good, baby," Tony says, jerking him as Steve goes through a series of delightful aftershocks, and possibly a second orgasm, it's strong enough for it.
"The hell, Steve?" Tony adds as Steve pulls out the tied-up trash bags.
"Twelve weeks old now," Steve says, having walked around the pool to join the others. Tony looks up and grins at him, which makes Steve's heart stutter. "Hi, Tony."
"No, wait a second. Where are my little ones?" Tony calls out, then does kissing noises. "Come on out, gremlins!"
"Exactly."
"Let's go," Steve says, leaving the bathroom. "They're waiting for us on the ship."
“It’s great, thanks,” Tony says. “You’ll pick us up before dinner?”
"Nat."
"I can hold the little one while you go change," Thor says, with an almost puppy-like look in his eyes.
Tony smiles at him with gratitude. "Pretty well! I'm working on a new engine, it has potential."
He's clearly on an adrenaline high, eyes sparkling and with a smile that won't quit. He's so handsome that it takes Steve's breath away even more than usual.
"Oh my God!" Wanda exclaims, and Steve grins when he sees what has caught her attention.
Tony raises his eyebrows. "Isn't it obvious? I'm both jittery and bored, and I want to make out with you."
"We should go have a look, then," Steve says.
He offers it, as if it's an apology. Tony grabs it anyway.
"Enough to give me a chance against Vers?"
"Then come over whenever!" Tony sounds chipper too.
"Hi. You can guess why I'm here."
"Yes, yes, me too, so much." Steve bites and sucks on the side of Tony's neck, surely leaving a mark. "I'm right there too, just let—let me—"
"I can't get enough. I'm so lucky to have you."
"Imagine when we found them," Steve says. "They were smaller than my hand. So tiny."
Inside, Steve is in bed, but sitting against his headboard and reading. An actual book and not on his phone, too. Tony can't help a wave of deep fondness for the man, he's adorable. But now's not the time to admire Steve's beauty, Tony needs help. Crying out is out of the question—he doesn't have the voice for it—so he settles for scratching the window that was clearly warded, too. It's not very loud, but hopefully, it's enough. After all, Steve's senses are better than a baseline human.
"Yeah," Steve says with a wince, rubbing the back of his head. "Hydra shot me with tranquilizers."
He looks good, although when does he not? But Steve had almost expected to see an unkept Tony, as anyone cut away from the world might be. Steve also realizes that Tony doesn't have the luxury to let himself go completely, with the facade he needs to keep with the press and his investors.
Victor tried to zap him out of the sky, but Tony got away. And then flew for hours towards the closest magic user he hoped would help; it happened to be the cute wizard that caught his heart over the last six months. A splendid choice, because Steve is now gathering what he'll need for the counterspell.
"Jesus. But wouldn't that make divergent timelines and change everything?"
"Exactly," Tony says, pleased by the non-judgment he detects in Barnes’ tone. Not everyone is a fan of his like Steve. Tony's been told by many soldiers and officers that civilians should stay away from military business. That he should relinquish his armors, have them mass produced and manned by professional pilots instead. The perceived openness gives Tony hope that they can collaborate. "Steve was kindly bringing me back to the main camp, where I plan to have a chat with Colonel Phillips. I'll suggest returning with my buddy Rhodes and the armors, and with your help we could hunt for those assholes and hopefully find and exterminate the nest. How does that sound?"
They need to destroy the Accuser Warship before the Krees realize they are losing—hopefully!—the battle, or they might fire ballistic missiles to pulverize them all, light-speed engine included.
"Excuse you, it was the best idea."
Tony sighs loudly, but he will go pour them a few inches of water for a bath. He can't refuse those two anything, and everyone knows it.
"Is… is that a cat?" Tony asks
"Welcome home, Sir. And friend."
"Oh, I'd dance," Tal says while shoving away a burly man with green skin who decided he wanted to punch the stranger in the shiny robot suit too.
"There you go," Steve croons.
"Like why we had no contact for seven years."
The 'we' makes Steve grin, and he nods. "We sure do."
"Yes, they're two or three days old, tops. Do you have a nursing mother?" A pause. "Too bad. Could one of your foster families take them in? Okay, call me back. Thanks."
"I am delighted you came to visit tonight," Steve murmurs as his gaze falls to Tony's lips. God, he wants, so fiercely. He better not have misjudged this; it would kill him to be denied.
Tony opens the image folder, and the girl is everywhere. Sometimes on her own, either posing or playing or just caught in a moment, but mostly with Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, or Nebula. And him. There are a lot of selfies where Tony is making silly faces with her or kissing her cheek or vice versa. His heart grows three sizes just seeing them so comfortable together. Who knew he could interact with a child like this?
"Got it. I'll sterilize and fill the syringes when it's ready," Tony says. He's already unpacked all the supplies on one of his lab benches. After they both caress the black kitten's head – Steve can't help himself either – they get to work.
"I think I need to process this first," Tony says, raising the phone to show a picture of Pepper, Morgan, and him. God. They had a baby together. He still can't wrap his head around that.
"And that's because I saved your asses in the nick of time," Carol adds, looking smug. "But you and me? We don't know each other much. Captain Carol Danvers," she says, extending a hand to shake. She's unnaturally warm, and her grip is strong and sure.
What caught Steve's attention is the Fantastic Four, hanging together as they often do at events like this.
As there was so much to see on the ship and then preparation for meeting the Sovereign kept them busy, Tony didn't even think to search his room for personal effects. Maybe he would have wondered earlier about it if one of the others used their own phones, but Steve's is the first he's seen since regaining consciousness in the hospital.
"A lot, but they have a contentious history with Earth and with Carol in particular. Well, to be fair, with Nebula too as she used to be the second-in-command to a bigwig, but mainly they’re after Carol. Long story, but when they ambushed us two days ago, we were just in the way."
"True, but he's clearly been through a lot." It seems as if a stiff breeze would make Other-Steve fall over.
Kol scoffs. "Your problem, not mine."
“I get it, I know you. It’s fine. Magic has us all turned around, huh?” She rubs her beak on Tony’s cheek, as if giving a kiss. It makes Tony chuckle.
Carol speaks up in the comm channel. "The other ships jumped into Earth's orbit. Incoming."
A direct contact feels amazing and Steve moans, swaying forward. It won't take much, that's for certain. If Tony moved his hand, as he's just holding Steve's cock right now.
"If you're sure," Steve says, doubtful.
The cats are more interested in inspecting the plants and furniture on the patio than in greeting the humans, but it's not a problem because everyone goes to them.
Steve is handsome as always in his Captain America uniform, and Tony chose his latest armor for the trip, though he's keeping the helmet retracted for the moment. It seemed appropriate to suit up, since he'll be introduced as Iron Man to the Asgardian court. He has nice clothes underneath if the armor gets too cumbersome.
"You saved the universe, Tony." Steve moves his hand up to Tony's neck and he squeezes gently. "Take a moment, and when you're feeling better, I'll tell you all about it. I promise."
Tony shuts the computer and core down for the day, and soon they're going to their room. One room, singular, which has been a very welcome evolution in their relationship. Now that they finally talked instead of trying to read each other's mind, there's no sneaking out after sex, and Tony is blissfully happy. They've rarely been apart since their reunion, to a point that it might not be healthy, but he doesn't care. Steve insists on staying in the lab with Tony whenever he can, and Tony doesn't have the heart to refuse him anything.
"After he destroyed half of everything, Thanos left Earth," Steve says.
"Yep." He has no one to answer to and is taking advantage of it. A day off just because he feels like it.
"Yeah. We were counting on you for the schmoozing," Carol says.
the woman's voice repeats.
Another crazy situation, but that's life as an Avenger, after all. Heroes against foes that are more and more dangerous every day… it keeps them on their toes. Steve's finishing his second glass of water—he hadn't realized how parched he was—when Jarvis enters the kitchen, holding a broom and pan. Dust gets everywhere when the tower withstands damage.
"That's the vibe I got."
"My pleasure. I'm sure Natasha would be great at looking into that," Tony says.
"Cute idea, but I'm thinking about something simpler. A wagon that self propels, basically." Tony is tracing lines on the tabletop with his fingers as if he's drawing it, filling Steve with curiosity. He gets up again and fetches paper and a pencil.
That's it, the last push, and Tony tumbles over the edge and embraces the freefall. The rush of pleasure causes time to pause and stretch for a moment before it washes over him, leaving him to shudder in Steve's hold. He has enough presence of mind to reopen his eyes in time to see Steve come too, ecstasy making his jaw go slack and his gaze lose focus.
"You want to see the kittens?" Steve asks.
"It's okay, baby, I've got you."
"Rhodes is in charge," Steve tells his gang. "I'll come back after we deal with the threat."
That's it. Tony is doomed. He rolls on his back, crosses his wings over his belly and closes his eyes. He'll await death here, misunderstood by the world to the bitter end.
"Admiring your handiwork, Captain?"
Tony laughs at the joke, but then focuses on Steve, who hasn't moved since Tony exited the suit. He might not have even breathed, eyes wide.
Tony lets out a disbelieving huff.
"I think they've got this, and anyway there's nothing we can do for them," Tony says. He hits the left-pointing arrow again, just to change it up.
"Yeah," Steve says, carding his fingers through Tony's hair. He's looking at him with so much fondness, it makes Tony feel even warmer than gorging on his life essence. "I keep bumping into an incredibly attractive billionaire. Renowned tech genius, funny, mysterious, and possibly not entirely human. Way out of my league, but it seems he might like me back."
"I had an interview with TIME Magazine," Steve says. "A piece on remembering the Howling Commandos."
The resurrection of Tony Stark™ was a global hit. The reaction was overwhelmingly positive, which came as a surprise to Tony. A nice one. Hell, he'd read about his disappearance and the mourning that followed, and it had touched him that, at the time, his demise wasn't greeted by a chorus of "good riddance".
The way Tony perks up, including the smile that takes over his face, is beautiful. He wastes no time closing the distance between them, hugging Steve, who squeezes him back. He loves how perfectly Tony fits against him, and his heart is full to bursting.
She smiles outright at that, and Tony is utterly charmed by the joy on her face. It's a lovely look on her. He might lose on purpose, just to see more of it.
"Are you sure?" Steve asks.
The wolf has lost consciousness now, massive head lolling to the side. What Tony said is true, the last two Hydra soldiers fled… but maybe they went to get reinforcements, which would be unfortunate. First thing first, Tony retrieves his gun. There's a fraction of a second where the idea to put the wolf down as it sleeps passes through his mind—it would be the safest option—but the thought vanishes as soon as it appears. Before the puppy routine, Tony would have done it without hesitation, but there's something about the animal that is too precious to waste. It's highly intelligent for one, and very sweet once it has vanquished its enemies.
"I know. I'm so sorry."
"I can't—" Tony takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. His heart is racing so fast, he's afraid he's going to burst into flames (literally). "I can't believe I got everything so wrong. I thought you were leaving me for Bucky."
"It hurt like hell, but no, we weren't injured. You took most of the hit for us." Steve shakes his head. "It was incredibly bold and dangerous but also entirely selfless. You were ready to die to save the universe from a second Decimation. We're just glad we linked with you because it's the only reason you survived."
Who knows, a familiar place might help with the memory thing.
"I'll go with you," Johnny adds.
The sentiment is sweet, and the praise warms Tony right up. Since when did Steve look at him with such fondness? From Tony's outdated perspective they’re friendly, teammates, but that's about it. It's a pleasant surprise to know that spending another eleven years together as Avengers leads to this much affection.
Tony swallows. This is not just a kiss-under-the-mistletoe-for-tradition, it's a declaration of intent.
"Me?" Peter puts a hand on his chest as if wounded by the accusation. "Cheating? Never!"
"To my surprise, no," Tony says with a smile.
The warning makes Steve pause. He'd been against this part of the plan for a long time, hoping that Tony would stay by his side. Eventually though, Steve had listened to reason, but that doesn't mean he likes it.
"Was it working?" Tony asks, curious.
"Hell yes." Tony pauses as he gets a sudden thought. "As long as you have lube?"
"So much," Tony says with pride. DUM-E makes a joyous sound at that. "Gimme," Tony tells Steve, asking for Callie's leash. "
"You know we'll follow you, Cap," Dugan says. "If you think it's the way to go, why not?"
Wait, what did Jim just say?
"Everything you do is amazing." Steve kisses his neck. "Is this a good time to stop? You should sleep."
"Remember that name," Tony interrupts, making Carol roll her eyes.
Memory-Anthony is defiant, but he knows he's outgunned. Instead of surrendering or trying to take down as many opponents as he can, he turns to the core of the light-speed engine and opens fire on it.
"Ah, got it," Tony says. "Sorry again."
"Please, come on, fuck me. I'm ready. I need you," he says, tugging on Steve's hair.
"Well... I never thought I'd get a pet, but yeah," Tony says.
"Really sweet. And she loves you so much. You’re an amazing dad," Steve says softly.
"Come on, big guy," Tony says, voice now gravely. "You won't let me do all the work, will you?"
"Make me proud, Anthony."
"You need to be careful with this machine," Tony adds, which he knows is highly hypocritical.
"Three," Tony adds.
"Have you seen this bed?" Cora flies to it and starts hopping around on it. "It's huge!"
He raises an arm and cups Tony's cheek; this close to such a satisfying feeding, Tony must sport a healthy-looking blush instead of his usual pallor.
"It was a mistake. I know it was. I didn't want to hurt you like this, but I did. I'm so sorry," Steve says, voice hoarse.
"Fair request," Tony says, nodding.
Meanwhile, Jarons projects the amount of credits Tony won which attracts even more attention. Orange Lady is shaking her head in dismay, and most of the other players congratulate him on a game well played.
It's a good thing they're on the phone and not on a video call, because Steve can feel his cheeks heat. He can't invite himself to the Tower, right? Would that sound too desperate? But then again, Tony assured him he could come back anytime.
"Language!" Steve cries out, putting his gloves near his mouth to channel the sound. It makes Tony laugh heartily, which he is extremely proud of.
After picking his jaw off the floor, Tony just couldn't believe it.
The vet's receptionist – a young woman with a "Viv" name tag – blinks several times in surprise when Tony Stark enters the clinic and makes a beeline for her desk. He starts to put the bundle with the kittens on the counter, but changes his mind and reins it in, keeping them close to his chest.
ready, it might not be for
He's known this crazy bird for half a day, but he needs her. It's baffling and upsetting because he still doesn't understand how it's even possible to have a daemon. Nonetheless, he loves her with all of his heart already. He can't imagine wanting to be far from her, and not just because it hurts like a bitch.
A feminine voice says in Tony's ear, "It's okay, Tony!"
"Yeah, definitely weirder."
"Wow." Of course Tony would have loved to have answers. And he might not have been Bucky Barnes' biggest fan at that moment. But Steve had assumed... what? That Tony would hunt Barnes, Steve's best friend who was tortured into becoming a killer, until he could bring him to justice? Or even worse, kill him? He thought Steve knew him better than that. Maybe he hadn't known Tony at all, after all. "Okay then."
Tony looks to the side where both Steve and Barnes are staring right at him; clearly they've been eavesdropping. He raises his eyebrows in a question,
"Hey guys!" Steve exclaims. There's a row of glasses with frozen fruit smoothies on the counter, Tony pouring the last drops. "Nice! Do you need any help with that?"
Tony hates being lied to. "Yeah, no. Tell me."
"Uh, one." And it's not in the pods.
"Sure he does," Cowboy-Steve placates, then grabs Drunk-Tony's elbow to steer him away. He's gentle doing so, considering, and then slips an arm around Drunk-Tony for support as they walk down the road.
"I think she's done," he says.
"They are. And it's nice to see you again, too," Steve says, pleased when it makes Tony beam at him.
"I was never dead. I was kidnapped, but I do tend to get out of those situations. This time with some help," he says, pointing to Carol. "Steve, please, listen to Rhodey. Stand down for five minutes so we can untangle this mess."
"You know what, kid? That's not a bad idea!"
"Whoa there," Rhodey protests. "You come back and suddenly you're calling the shots?"
After taking a couple of steps in the driveway, Tony isn't surprised to see a version of himself in a well organized garage with lots of shelves. There's also an Indian motorcycle in the back. This Tony Stark, in a blue t-shirt and jeans, is sitting on a bench on wheels, welding goggles on and soldering iron in hand. What throws Tony for a loop is that he's working on Bucky Frigging Barnes' metal arm, seated shirtless—and shoeless—on a table beside him. Nice abs, though Tony hates himself a little for checking the guy out.
"We work on appointments," Viv says slowly, throwing a nervous glance to an old man and his dog in the waiting room. At least the clinic doesn't seem too busy at the moment.
Again, something that doesn't compute. He's so tired of constantly being confused.
Tony's always taken pride in his creations, and he feels like preening. The admiration is heady. In less than thirty seconds, Tony is as bare as the day he was born, save for the reactor.
Yon-Rogg's expression and posture are full of defiance, even when kneeling, but there's a flash of fear in his eyes at Steve's threat.
"They're doing great. Me and Steve, we make a wonderful team for this," Tony says.
"Yeah. We finally made up. And since we were together, as we should have been, we won this time." Steve looks so earnest about it, so glad that they pushed past the bad blood between them, that it soothes Tony a bit.
Tony admits that it's a job with merit. But does he really want to know all about Bucky Barnes' redemption arc? He's not so sure. There's a white cat playing with the tools on the bench, and when Tony tries to approach it—he's always loved cats—it looks straight at him and puffs up. It's as if he can feel his out of phase presence, which is weird but cool.
"Excellent, and I'm not surprised. You take such great care of them," Steve says. Callie is wiggling in his hand and is probably hungry (when is she not, though?) He puts her down for the moment and pets Snowball, who is irate at not getting attention. "Those kittens are damn lucky, for sure."
"The black kitten has eaten last," FRIDAY says.
After a lull in the conversation that stretched to a minute or two, Steve fills the silence once more.
"Right behind you." Steve replies, and when Tony looks at him with a smile, Steve winks, which makes him laugh.
Steve gets pink right away. "You know how it is; they’re everywhere. But not once did a picture of Morgan make it to the media. No special number in a magazine for your convenience, nothing."
"Doesn't know shit," she interrupts, rolling her eyes. "With him it was always 'let go of your past', 'control your emotions', 'anger only serves the enemy' and assorted 'beat me as yourself' crap."
Tony looks at Steve, who's frowning at the positions of the enemy on the display in their war room.
"Explain to me why no one said a thing."
"I don't mind if a nap makes you grumpy, baby," he says, kissing the top of Tony's ear. It's all he can reach because Tony is hiding his face in Steve's neck, as he's bound to do when in need of reassurance.
"She hurt my mom."
He eventually enrolled in SHIELD University, one of the most progressive colleges in Shifter acceptance and representation. The classes are mixed, but still separates the sports teams: it's accepted that Shifters have an unfair advantage over Regulars, because of their anima's abilities. And, well, it's true. So the Shifters compete among themselves in scaled-up facilities that are often twice as big as the ones for Regulars, from pools to baseball fields.
Steve shakes his head fondly. "It's not appropriate—"
"Hey," Steve says, cursing himself for going through the communal rooms instead of taking a detour and by walking outside. It's not that he wants for his trip to be a secret, but he'd planned to email in the afternoon. On his terms, and out of direct teasing range.
"I don't know what to do!" Tony says. He turns back to the baby, grabbing one of his feet and then coos at the child with a big smile. "But it's okay, isn't it, sweetheart? We'll figure it out, don't worry!"
"I'm glad we made it."
Finally!
He's nervous, too, Steve realizes.
Tony grew up on stories about the Howling Commandos and Steve. He knows that name. "Like your friend Bucky?"
"It's late, you're working tomorrow," Steve says, but he's wavering, Tony can feel it.
"Hush," Tony says, then kisses Steve to interrupt him. "It's the perfect time. JARVIS and/or the Spy Twins will warn us when they get here."
"No, that would be cheating," Rhodes says. They finally reach the top of the slide, and Jim climbs in the tube. "You need the exercise, and you know it."
"Oh, no!" Tony laughs, always a pleasant sight. "I'm looking into an engine for transportation. Nothing as massive as a train, something smaller, for trails and roads."
Steve's smile is brilliant as he links their fingers, holding tight.
"Yeah, our tiny babies," Steve says fondly. He loves the two little furballs, and co-parenting them with Tony is a gift that keeps on giving, "Speaking of, we should give them names."
"Yeah, I was about to check that one," Steve says. "There's something useful in there?"
"I love you," he confesses. He can't—no, that's not it. He doesn't want to keep that secret to himself for one more second.
"She does look like a snowball," Wanda says.
"Are you kidding me?" Nat answers. "Cats: a classic. Superheroes: it gets the hits going. Now cats and superheroes? If I monetize it, I'll be rich in no time."
“Thank you, Hildisvini. It also signifies stubbornness, conflict and disorder, which are things I have had to work on all of my life,” she adds with a self-deprecating twist of her lips.
There is another daemon in the room, Tony realizes. It's even bigger than Thor's, also part big cat with wings, but with an eagle's head and talons for front paws. A massive griffin, with piercing eyes that has remained unflappable during the commotion. Tony immediately understands that it's Heimdall's.
"Neither." He's not surprised that Tony thought of the girls on the team; it's not like Steve’s ever came out to anyone. This century, at least. He feels suddenly brave enough to do so, which might be a way of testing the waters at the same time. "Not a girl, in fact."
"Ah." Tony pauses but doesn't seem too put out. "No worries, bumblebee. We'll figure it out," he then tells the little boy.
"No, of course not," Natasha says.
He hasn't danced in years, at least not in a group like this. Before Afghanistan, probably. Carol shrugs and starts walking towards the dance area. When it seems as if Steve wants to stay behind, Tony grabs his hand and pulls.
"Anjo is right about that, cousin," Tal says, shoving his shoulder.
"That's on purpose," Tony says. He sees in the pile one of the worst pieces of disinformation ever published on vampires that he wrote himself at the turn of the century. "Safer that way. But you had one of the good ones," Tony adds, tapping the grimoire still in Steve's hands with the tip of his fingers. "Thank you so much, I should have started with that. I would have been toast without your help."
Tony speaks up. "I'm betting I could beat that."
"We are there! We exist!" the weasel objects.
He doesn't even protest, just shrugs. "Yeah. Mine had gone missing."
"Oh no, oh no!" she protested, zipping to the hand holding Cora's legs. "Let her go!"
"I can close the rarely used partition between the cockpit and the cargo bay if you wish, Sergeant Barnes."
Steve is blushing, but looks Tony in the eyes. "If you feed on me, it will bring you back to full strength, right?"
"Turn around, that's it. Look at yourself, how debauched you look already."
Cora had hopped over and tugged a smidge on Lilly's tail.
"And the thing was back in Asgard with Thor and Loki after the Chitauri attack."
As Tony scrolls back in time through the photo roll, the girl is constantly present, to the point where he wonders why Pepper lets him see her that much. He freezes when there's a picture of Morgan extending a Happy Father's Day card to the camera. Hell, there's a separate picture of the inside of the card itself, stating in shaky block letters, "I love you, Daddy. - Morgan." Shocked, he looks up at Steve who is staring back at him.
"I haven't been fucked in, like, fifteen years, but I need that monster cock in me ASAP," Tony says, grinding forward against said dick. He wants it bad.
He didn't expect for Steve's eyes to catch on his mouth and stay there, pupils dilating.
That's weird, as there has been only one Cap for them. Then again, this is an alternate reality.
"Now what's happening with you? I figure you took my place on the Avengers?"
"They put it in place last week," FRIDAY says.
Not only does Steve see half-circles caused by his fancy keyboard imprinted on his cheek, Tony's hair is flat on one side and spiked-up on the other. He's so adorable that Steve's smile stretches.
It's both sweet and electric, in a way that makes Steve's stomach flip with a sensation of freefall. The good kind: not a controlled descent, but one you know it will be great and thrilling, anyway.
Twenty feet from them, roughly in a half-circle, three pairs of fighters are marching towards them, paying little mind to the other patrons in the casino.
"Ah!" It's true that Steve's skin feels colder than it used to; it might be the contrast because of Tony's now heightened metabolism. "As I said, powers."
"We'll train you," Tony promises.
Steve tightens his hold on Tony in a way that hints he shares the excitement, which is fantastic.
"Sleeping in the nude? I approve."
"I want to see you, too. Please." Steve reaches for the buttons of Tony's shirt again, and together they make fast work of taking off his clothes.
"I thought it was obvious enough."
"I don't like that you guys decided what I should know or not."
"If her majesty demands, I'll prepare the feast," Tony says. He extends the black kitten to Steve, who takes her from his hand, and places the two on the couch cushion beside him. The one with open eyes is not tracking yet, but she's valiantly trying to look around. Her sister is frustrated that food has not instantly appeared. Steve grabs his phone and records the moment for posterity.
"Your lab, and the bots, and JARVIS, they're amazing—" Peter continues. "I developed an extra-resistant fabric, and it's pretty cool, I could show you—"
"What, you think I'd leave that controller in my spine active? Give me a little more credit!"
"Yeah, sorry. I'll go."
"Sorry!" Steve exclaims as Tony curses under his breath in surprise. "Are you okay?"
"Oh, right. Sorry. You're welcome to enter my home, Tony."
"He didn't have a choice—"
It's the first time Tony's entered his home, and he's looking around with obvious interest. The illustrations on the walls might be a surprise, but not the low bookcase filled with dime novels. At least the place is clean, as Mrs. Urich passed through in the morning to help tidy up, eager to assist in his recovery.
That makes Vers huff. "Of course. And eventually the Supreme Intelligence said you were ready to take me on. And props to you, you almost did." She puts a hand on her side for that last part to where the injury hides under her clothes, though she looks fine now.
That's when the shooting starts. Yon-Rogg and the rest of the Starforce team are trying to take him down. Or more precisely, to grab the core of the light-speed engine. Memory-Anthony fights back even though his armor isn't complete, the Kree fighters having intercepted or shot down many parts. Anthony stands defiantly between the Krees and his work table that has the core and his notes, one palm raised showing a blue energy source.
Tony sucks harder, and that's it. Steve topples over the edge and starts coming down his lover's throat. The world momentarily whites out, pleasure bright and so intense Steve needs to brace even more against the wall not to collapse. Tony swallows and swallows, wringing every drop of release out of him. It's downright amazing, making Steve almost float out of his body. He's roughly brought back to reality when Tony taps on his flank, and Steve hurries to pull off, dismayed when Tony coughs and pants.
Both the kittens are making little movements with their paws, and Steve gives a thought to their mother.
Tony perks up. "Oh, right! So I'll keep this devilish good look for a while then?" He makes happy crowd noises. "And the world rejoiced."
The confession pleases Tonys, judging by the groan he makes, another layer of sensation reverberating in Steve's cock. His eyes shoot open when Tony uses the grip he has on Steve's hips to pull him deeper, right down his throat.
"I know," Steve says with a brightness and excitement in his eyes that Tony has seen a thousand times. Tony has a werewolf for a fan! Wonders never cease.
The nickname makes the side of her mouth curl up again, but this time in amusement. It was low-hanging fruit; she probably heard it from him before. She flicks the mock football and spins it in a perfect arc, right between his thumbs.
"Tony-Tony-fuck—"
What is for sure is that if Tony opens the door, he has to be certain. Steve deserves an honest and genuine shot, and not just a roll in the hay.
"Please, Tony, please," he begs, when Tony rubs the gland on his lips, smearing Steve's pre-come as if it's an obscene version of lipstick.
Naked grief is all over Steve's face. "We didn't know that a death was what it took. It's how we lost Nat. She jumped to save Clint."
The name almost awakens something in Anthony's memory, but not enough to render a picture. The title of Captain causes his heart to flip as well, but it's just a rank; it shouldn't do that.
"Okay, so," Steve pipes up. When Tony glances up, Steve is a mix of amused and embarrassed. "I'd appreciate the privacy, Cora, if you don't mind."
Yikes, that sounds bad.
It's hard to resist making the picture of Tony and the babies the background of his phone. The only thing that stops him is knowing that anyone seeing it would tease him mercilessly. No one needs to know that Steve gazes at it every night when he goes to bed (and hopes and hopes and hopes).
The suit reforms into civvies as soon as Tony touches the ground, and he strolls into the back of the ship with the others. Once the rear hatch is closed and they’re out of view from the audience on the ground, they turn to each other, pleased.
As always, it makes Steve feel special when Tony answers almost immediately.
"You're hurting me!" Tony finally admits, and Steve's face falls.
Tony smiles. "That's great."
"Excuse you, he's gorgeous. Now get out before we make you."
"I would love to."
"I want that. It's the only thing I want," Steve says, very earnestly.
To his and Steve's bewilderment, Hildr is the one that grabs Mjolnir and leads the way. When they exit Himinbjorg, it's to step on a massive translucent rainbow-colored bridge that overlays an ocean that drops in space. Not only is Asgard full of magic, it's flat, too. Tony hates everything.
Steve had held him tight, but to Tony's distress he'd started shaking with repressed sobs as well.
"Just so you know? If you ever get another ring, I'd consider it." Which is a bald-faced lie. He'd say yes in a heartbeat. "If that's what it takes to make you stay over. I love morning sex," he adds with a wink.
Tony can only watch in awe as the nanites morph to create all the hydraulics, wiring, electronics, and eventually the plating that make up the armor. It starts from his chest and expands, and in less than a minute he's completely encased. The HUD lights up, and there it is: all the usual readings of a functional suit. Tony's heart is racing because it's a huge development. He's so, so far from this technology at the moment, and eleven years seems like a ridiculously short amount of time to get there.
"We were wondering," Rhodes says, already sipping at his drink. He's sitting on a stool near the island, and the innocent look on his face is such a lie. Rhodes is just as much a little shit as every other Avenger. "Would you like to have one of the cats, when they're big enough?"
"Yes." He takes out a small ornate box from a bag on the floor and offers it. "My mother extracted some of the Tesseract's essence, as you had her do during your project on Asgard."
Steve gets the significance of his words instantly, blue eyes widening. Tony doesn't wait another second and surges up to kiss him. They clash a little too hard at first, but a second later they've synched up, falling into each other as if they've done this a million times. It's so
"Mmmm, more kisses. All the kisses."
"Oh," he says, looking up at Tony. "Hi."
his purpose to be to destroy Vers, as she killed his family and nearly got him too.
Surprised that Steve can cook? He laughs. "I've done it before, Tony!"
"Summoned?" Tony asks when Steve sighs in frustration. He took enormous care to be as detailed as possible on his report on Bolivia when he was writing it on the plane coming back, in order to avoid just this. It was a sensitive mission for sure; Steve should have expected not to get out of a thorough review by Fury. SHIELD might officially be gone, but he's still pulling strings in the background.
right," Steve says, voice rough, and he's the one who closes the distance for the kiss.
"I am very happy by this outcome too," she says, covering his hand with hers. "I think you Terrans will be good for us. Add a little spontaneity to our old ways," she adds, inclining her head towards the dance floor.
He's also a funny bloke and listens well. He's heard all about how Steve is wonderful and perfect. About how Tony misses the rest of the gang in Boston. But Jerôme also insists on taking Tony out, urging him to enjoy himself a little.
Steve insisted on announcing their engagement too, which sure added to the media storm. The conservatives weren't ready for a bisexual Captain America, but Tony knows that Steve enjoys the pearl-clutching. They haven't gone on a date that didn't end up with a dozen cameras on them yet. Not that they go out much with everything they have to prepare. Plus the Accords.
"No special first time request?" Steve asks, sucking on Tony's earlobe. "Longstanding wish?"
The room is beautiful, with a fifteen feet high ceiling, impressive gilded windows with what promises to be an amazing view… and only one bed. It’s huge, for sure; it looks bigger than an Alaskan King. Tony supposes another door he sees in the back leads to a separate bedroom.
"Thank God for that," Steve had said. "But I'm not. Fine."
Tony's angry, still. Furious. But what’s certain is that Steve is full of regrets. On top of that, no matter the story he's been told, Tony knows Steve glossed over a lot of things. He can't imagine splitting the Avengers over a disagreement on oversight. It must have been more complicated than that. And if they actually fought? He would have had a reason. It convinces Tony that he's not white as snow in this clusterfuck.
"You know what? I don't think he'd want that," Jim says.
"That was Loki, all right." Carol is squinting at him now. "And what looked a lot like Captain America, however the hell that happened. But you..."
"Ah, fuck, yes. It's fantastic. Come on, come on, I'm ready."
"Yeah?" Tony says, smiling. "How did that go?"
"Oh, God," Tony says on a moan when they break up for air, panting in each other's mouth.
The look of alarm on Yon-Rogg's face is highly satisfying. It comes to reason, since having a way to control Tony's powers is certainly a big part of the Kree's strategy for this battle.
He's surprised that the lock screen, when it appears, is a picture of a small girl. She doesn’t look older than four years old, though Tony's always been bad at judging ages. Incredibly cute, for sure, and something very strong and fond stirs in his gut just from seeing her.
"You said a name earlier. When you were invading my head for memories without my consent."
"Sorry!"
He's coming and coming, making a mess, and Steve revels in it. Tony almost snarls in his ecstasy and tightens his grip on Steve's hair some more. It hurts, but also reverberates Steve's pleasure higher.
And he will, barring a catastrophe or urgent mission.
"Yeah?" Steve asks, hands on Tony's shoulders as if he doesn't dare do more at the moment. His eyes are intently scanning Tony's face.
"There were a few left, but they cut their losses," Nebula says. "Flew away in a pod."
"Both, ideally! Exhibitionism is your thing, not mine. I'm not-"
The scanner turns green and the door to the tower unlocks.
Wanda is powerful but green, too; they need to find an experienced magic user to train Steve and her properly. Tony might even do an effort to get along with Stephen if he's the best person for the job.
But that makes no sense.
"Shush, I am going somewhere with this." Tony lets his arm fall down his body and forces a more relaxed pose, careful not to be too accusatory. "So, as I said, Steve told me."
The last two hundred feet of the private road, after a final bend, reveal Tony's house framed with snow-heavy trees. It's beautiful and picturesque, and Steve understands why Tony sought this refuge during his recovery post Thanos. The place is untouched by the turmoil that followed half of living things suddenly coming back and trying to fit in their broken world.
"I'm a lot stronger than he is," Carol says, and Tony shrugs at the accuracy of it. "My Skrull partner and I went through his memories to find out how come the Krees had someone else with my powers, and we found out the truth."
"Cap. Vision told me you're in the city?" Maria asks.
"And ruin our intergalactic rock star image? You bet I won't drop you. I can't promise a super smooth ride, though, so hang on!"
Tony raises his hand to stop him. "Hey, no. I'll be fine. And if I'm not, isn't that why we're here anyway? I'll be right there."
There's a blackened wound on her abdomen, just off-center enough to not have been a killing shot. Anthony came so close. Vers is unsteady on her feet, and Anthony knows that if he is to survive, he needs to take advantage of her current weakness. He spits out the dirt that got into his mouth during his tumble as he gathers power.
But Tony knew she wouldn't harm him. Play bite, maybe, but never too hard. To prove it he suddenly let Cora go, who made another offended caw and landed tail over head in the middle of the bed. Tony then swiftly caught the stoat and tickled her instead. Lilly shrieked, twisting in his hold.
Steve huffs in amusement. "Thanks. I've been told I'm not bad for a wolf."
"Anyway, I can take care of myself, thank you," Tony says, almost as an aside. He tracks what the two players before him do and times his next remark for when it's his turn. "I killed Thanos and his army, after all."
"I didn't stay," Carol cuts in, "and continued to help the Skulls against the Krees. Which I've been doing ever since."
have fantasized about Tony being as affectionate with him as Gomez is with Morticia. Their fictional girl is pretty awesome too, and it would suit a black kitten.
"He won't." Steve confidently steps onto the left boot when it’s his turn, arm thrown over the suit's shoulders as Tony embraces his waist in return.
Tony sighs. "I know, I'm just saying. Wanda, when the Krees have seen the drive and we push them out of this room, I'll shut it off."
She nods and after lightly tapping Steve's arm, to comfort him too, Tony retreats to his quarters to find the privacy he so badly needs right now.
"Go kick their asses for me up there. I'll do my part here."
Steve's eyes widen in recognition too. "Sharon?"
"Oh my God." The kid takes off his cowl to reveal a baby face and tousled brown hair, eyes wide as he stares at Tony. He looks 12 years old. "Tony Stark! You're Tony Stark!"
"But I want to!" he protests.
"They did," Steve says, and that's an additional worry. "But they were eventually all executed, before we even reached them. As far as we know."
of schedule on several projects by the end of the day. But apart from his impromptu Lord of the Rings marathon two weeks back, Tony hasn't really taken any time off in a while.
Humming, Tony leans up for a repeat. This time the kiss is more heated from the getgo, turning hot and wet, full of passion. This is going to be good, so good. He's walking back towards the bed, pulling Steve with him, when Cora interrupts.
Tony nods. "Yeah. It felt very natural to do. But they didn't allow me to do it often."
In what he hopes conveys his gratitude, Tony taps Steve's palm with his wing, then adds a cheek rub for good measure.
"Oh my God!" Tony breathes out, touching his temples.
Barnes clears his throat and slides down the bench before getting up, looking uncomfortable.
Tony can easily imagine that he'd lose his mind if Steve was presumed dead.
"Quit saying that." Unsurprisingly, Steve feels guilty, but Tony wants to go over all the details before dealing with that. "How's Barnes?" he forces out.
"We can't. We can't." Steve's looking at Tony as if Tony's going to attack him, eyes round.
"Thank you," Tony says. "I appreciate it. Also, tell me about any supplies I'll need, formula and all. I'll take it."
Steve's eyes widen. "Really?"
At this point, Tony's torturing himself too, and he's ravenous. He licks at Steve's skin again, making sure that it numbs the spot he chose. When he's certain that he's done all he can to make it less painful for Steve, he bites down hard, and sucks as his sharp teeth perforate the carotid.
killed my parents, and that wasn't important enough for you?"
He's feeling a lot better when he rejoins Tony in his workshop. It doesn’t surprise Steve to find him observing the kittens sleeping in their box.
Steve has a hand on Tony's arm, too, and Tony wishes that he wasn't in the armor to feel the weight and heat of it. On the other hand, he's about to use the fact he's suited up to take flight himself and search for his daemon when there's finally good news.
"How is your head?"
"That's so, so good," Tony praises.
"He took you, he deserves to die," Steve says, ice dripping from his words.
It makes Steve light up. "You sure call me a bullheaded idiot anyway and told me how you wanted to punch me in the teeth before. That you spoke well of me to Morgan means a lot."
. And it's not just because of the familiarity of having tech in the middle of his torso again.
But Other-Steve stops them, pushes WIM-Tony so they can talk. "Wait, wait, wait, wait… Tarleton…" He gulps. "Did he survive?"
"Yeah," he says, bringing the picture up to fill the screen and showing it to the Team. It generates another round of cooing.
"What?" Steve appears at his back, looking over Tony's shoulder. He also circles Tony's waist, who leans back into Steve’s chest.
Steve makes a wounded noise and Tony immediately feels terrible. He looks up at long last, and Steve still has this unnerving stare from earlier on the tarmac. As if Tony will disappear if he blinks, even once.
Once upon a time, Tony tried to explain to a therapist how his brain worked, and the best comparison he'd found was a computer. A good one, of course, with the perfect combination of CPU, cache, RAM, bus speed, GPU, and operating system. When Tony begins something, be it a project for Stark Industries or something Avengers-related, it's akin to starting a process and allocating part of his brain power to the task. What makes him extremely productive is that he's able to run several processes at the same time, consciously and subconsciously.
He's started walking, and Steve follows his lead. Steve must smell terrible, but for the moment it isn't much of an issue.
When he took on the kittens, Tony had said that he'd help foster them until they could find the sisters a new home. Frankly, Steve doesn't see him giving the kittens away, he's too attached; but this could very well be a bubble out of time for Tony too. He's a successful businessman, with an agenda that would make a world leader cry. Before long, he might not have time to devote to pets.
"Yeah. Crazy, but good." Steve looks fond.
Tony turns to the other customer, his PR smile in full force. "Sorry to barge in, sir. May I cut the line? I'll pay for your visit
"Surely you wouldn't forget a face like mine," Anthony says with a wink. Okay, so if he's flirting on top of everything else, it's a sign that he's sliding towards her side of the story.
"I want you too," Steve says. "So much."
"Please please please," Tony cries out, scratching some more. He doesn't have the energy to take flight again, or even find another way to catch Steve's attention.
"You've been lucky all night," he says, glaring at the woman.
"What are you saying?" he whispers.
"What the hell!" Tony almost shouts, curt and menacing.
She tilts her head to the side. "Common Terran name, might even be true. Better than Vers, anyway. For Dan
Steve's smile stretches; beautiful, really. "Yeah?"
Or incredibly violent, which is how Tony was turned. There is no in-between.
"Alright, give me the CliffsNotes version. What was that about saving the universe? They came back, didn't they?"
"That's the plan!"
"Are you kidding me?" Tony says. "Those pricks, again?"
"Same," Tony says, closing the distance between them.
Tony smiles back. "And you accuse me of being a show off?"
"I did not pay for the vet visit," Tony says, putting a hand on his heart, trying to look innocent.
“It was your choice not to divulge it before, of course!” Thor adds jovially. He’s making little sense. Is he talking about the form that their daemons took?
Nat speaks up next. "Steve... you know what's about to happen. Do you really wanna punch your way out of this one?"
"Almost choking you?"
"There just is, I swear," Tony says.
"I dislike it," Thor admits. "But I am 1,500 years old, and Hildr and I learned to function apart. I do not bring her on other worlds because it is dangerous, and I do not want her hurt."
"I’m okay," Tony reassures him, willing the helmet away. Having less visual stimulus helps lessen the throbbing in his head, and Tony takes a deep breath. Maybe a bit shaky.
They are not friends, not really. Acquaintances at best. Since Tony arrived in Timely, he mostly kept to himself. There's his business, and Tony is (or was) a fixture at the bar, but he rarely does social visits. Steve never tried to know Tony either, apart from keeping him out of trouble. To be honest, Steve used to be half-convinced Tony was heading towards an early grave, too pulled down by his past to wade forward. He's been a fascination for Steve from day one, though, hard worker by day and drunk by night. Definitely not the only Timely citizen with an alcohol problem, but the self-destructive degree was striking.
Tony blinks. "Wow."
He doesn't have to ask twice, the two men happily comply. There isn't a lot of grip on the icy surface, but Steve brings the tube with Rhodey and Tony back up the slope without problems.
"Married!"
That's all he wants.
"Lilly!" Steve warned.
"You? You didn't—" He stops and grimaces, and yeah, Tony won't believe that this isn’t his fault. "It's nothing
"Hungry, huh?" Steve asks. She has a stronger appetite than her sister – up to 6 cc now, while the other is at 4 – and is gaining weight more rapidly. She screams again as if she understands.
"Oh?" There's open curiosity on Tony's face, and hope has replaced wariness.
"Iron Man and the Captain are authentic heroes and have shown extraordinary courage, cunning, and skills during the various battles we have fought together on Midgard. I have already regaled you with many anecdotes of the fight where we stopped a Chitauri invasion led by my brother—" There is a mix of cheers and jeers, either because Thor told those stories too often, or because he mentioned Loki (apparently imprisoned somewhere close). Thor doesn't pay them any mind. "And I am certain that my friends were just as impressive, if not more, in the battles where I was absent," Thor adds with a playful wink.
"There's no rush," he reasons as she sucks determinedly. Steve's more confident now, but during the first few feedings, he was terrified that she'd take too much and choke.
Tony nods. "Anytime."
"Well, thank you if I haven't said." Tony wants to squirm from all of that praise, especially coming from Steve. He’s longed to get his approval since they met… hell, probably since his childhood, thanks to Howard.
Steve's eyes had been wide with fear, somehow. Tony didn't understand why, and it was so frustrating.
Oh, yeah, that's pretty basic. Tony approaches the security panel and puts his hand on the sensor pad. It's not the same model from when he left for Asgard, and he wonders if it's a good or a bad thing.
He doesn't make excuses, even if he could, and Tony appreciates it. He acknowledges the apology with a nod.
"Are you all right?"
Tony moves him, his touch gentle but firm. "Dinner can wait."
"It all came back. Enough, anyway. And I’m not going to let it poison our lives for one more second. It took way too many years away from us, Steve."
"Oh."
"Yes, Tony. I promise. I'm sorry."
"Shit, that's huge. Poor Thor, it must have been quite a blow."
"Thanks." Steve is already trying to extend his stay as much as possible. He'll grab everything he can get. "I'll pack my bag and hit the road, then. See you later!"
"When would it
"So you keep saying. Come on, come on babykins! Please? I'll be nice and quiet for the rest of the flight. You can choose any movie, and I'll watch it with you with a minimum amount of commentary."
Steve really, really does. Eventually. Meanwhile he shakes his head, heart full of love and fondness for this ridiculous guy.
"That's sneaky, so devious. But you're smiling, so it's all right. Come here and kiss me again, soldier."
"Nooooo!"
The protectiveness is very cute. He must have been a formidable soldier, but what is needed right now isn't pure brawn and healing spells, it's experience in combat magic.
Steve slots a thigh between Tony's leg and is thrilled to find him just as hard as he is.
"The strength of the link to daemons varies by race, and sometimes with the person's powers. In some worlds, as here on Asgard, witches, or warlocks, can sustain long distances, while non magic users need to stay close. I am afraid Midgardians cannot be more than a few meters away. Maybe because you are usually fusional."
Which is… okay, Jim is consistent and trying to prove a point to Tony. It's as perfect an occasion as any for Steve to come clean.
He has a complex relationship with regular alcohol on Earth, and the lure of this juice would be hard to resist if it continues to deliver the happy chemicals.
"Only if you want to?" Steve can't help but voice it as a question, now overcome with doubt. What did he do? He's itching to flee so badly, and then pretend this conversation never happened. When Tony keeps staring at him, as if poleaxed, Steve tries to smile (it feels like a grimace). "Never mind, don't worry about it. I'll go back to the cleanup, yeah? Bye."
"That means a lot to me," Steve says, squeezing Tony's hand. "Thank you."
Steve snickers. "Not a problem. Please show me your glow stick."
"Please," Tony interrupts. "I'm amazed that you stayed here a whole week. We'll be fine, I've got the hang of it."
Steve tilts Tony's chin up and the certainty in his beautiful blue eyes is soothing.
"We just can't appear everywhere," the crow adds. "Keep up, Tony."
"Congratulations," he mumbles before continuing towards the Fantastic Four. He can't dwell on Steve and Barnes' romantic relationship right now.
"Quite a trip, huh?" Tony asks. "And not just the rainbow bridge, if you catch my drift." He's still working on accepting this daemon thing.
True, Tony doesn't completely hate the idea either. Seeing Cora and Lilly get along so well is heartwarming, too. He and Steve have been doing well in the last few months. They're friends now, which Tony cherishes.
Which of course it did. You don't hear the adventures of the Howling Commando by your old man ad nauseam without knowing about James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes, Steve's oldest friend and sharpshooter extraordinaire.
The fake story isn't that interesting, but he's still got the Sovereign in earshot drinking in every word.
Tony could feel the store's magic from a coffee shop situated one block away, and it's the closest he'd gone to it. Steve's boutique is powerfully warded, and he wouldn't have been able to enter without permission, anyway. Tony soon began spending time at the coffee shop, curious if he'd spot the new wizard or any magic user drawn to the proximity of good supply. The day Steve walked in for a tall Americano, his power was so evident it was as if it covered him in glitter. Since Steve and Natasha became friends, Steve has toned it down a lot. She must have convinced him it is safer; some hunters don't discriminate between white and dark magic.
“Again, I am glad to make your acquaintance. I have not seen my son this content in hundreds of years. You Avengers have been good for him.”
"Carol," he replies, but it doesn't fit. He rarely calls people by their given first names. "I'm curious, what do I usually call you?"
Steve hurries closer and falls on his knees beside Tony, scanning him for injuries. It takes only a moment to realize that's not the issue at all. As it is, the problem is laying on its back on a blanket on the ground in front of Tony, chewing on a tiny fist and kicking its legs while looking at him with round blue eyes. Blinking several times doesn't make it disappear.
"I'll look for a change of clothes."
"Yes." Confident about his feelings. That it's the right thing to do. That they will be stronger together, no matter what. "Are you?"
have good intentions.
"If your interjection was for us two being screwed," Tony adds. "We're non-corporeal. So I can't jury rig anything from this side of the portal."
He'll never tire of the way Steve says his name. And hearing that Steve returns his feelings, and that it's not just infatuation or desire, is the best feeling of all.
"More," Steve demands, before kissing Tony again. Lust is lighting him up like wildfire.
"Tony," Cora exhales, mirroring his solace.
There's a knock on the inside door, and Viv comes in with what the doctor ordered. The heating pad is in a box, ready to receive the kittens. The vet deposits the black one in it, but keeps the white sister for now. He places her on her belly on the tea towel and holds her little head with his thumb and index finger.
He has a small New Age boutique in Greenwich Village, close to the Sanctum Sanctorum. It's full of mixed-herbs pouches, tea blends, trinkets and crystals meant for tourists—and to pay the lease Tony would bet—but every magic user in the area knows that Steve keeps the genuine stuff in the back. Natasha, a cunning werefox and dear ally, keeps a constant watch on the supernatural world; she'd warned Tony of the new player in town the moment Steve set up shop eight months ago. She'd also said his stuff was the best quality she'd seen in decades.
"You just got scent-marked by your crush, buddy!" Bucky informs him with a grin, hitting Steve hard on the rump. He's always been a little shit.
"Like what?"
They exchange a few punches, and Anthony sweeps Yon-Rogg's legs out from under him with a hold on his shoulders and a leg behind his shins. Anthony might be the most powerful fighter on Hala when he uses his powers, but at hand to hand he nonetheless has the reflex of using his opponents' strength against them. It comes instinctively, and Antony usually goes with it.
"You're always invited," Steve replies.
It's easy, this new thing between them. They still argue sometimes, but it's mostly comfortable banter, and—if Steve isn't projecting—he'd swear there's flirting thrown in some days. Steve's only fear is having completely misread the situation, and to make things weird. He doesn't want to lose what they have.
Wow. Tony hadn't even heard a sound. "Enhanced hearing?"
He’s being weird, borderline cheeky, but it’s Thor. He’s often strange. He waves them goodbye and leaves, presumably for his own quarters.
There are only two soldiers still standing, both left with rifles empty of darts and terror on their faces. The wolf makes a sharp move forward as if it's going to attack, and the Hydra men turn around and start running for their lives. Tony half believes the beast will follow, but it quiets instead and turns its massive head to look at Tony.
"Nothing good," Frigga says. "Another piece of advice that is so ingrained that we did not think to warn you about it, is that the link between your souls means one cannot survive the other’s demise."
He tries to break the super soldier's grip on his wrist, by twisting to force against Steve's thumb like he's been trained to do, even though there's a slim chance of
He manages to open his eyes and blinks rapidly when he remembers where he is. Right, the Skrull ship, Vers… no Carol Danvers. He's Tony Stark, and he's from Earth. He's lived through shit, but came out stronger. Hell, he's Iron Man. Oh, that's the red and gold suit, of course. The thought is a real comfort, and Tony takes a long, hard—if a bit shaky—breath.
"But I wanted—"
The truth is that the nickname doesn't fit for Anthony either. Every time he uses it, it makes him feel like he's missing something. Something important. But when you forget all of your life before the attack that had you reborn with powers, he figures it's bound to happen.
"Yes, yes you are," Tony baby-talks.
"Yes, they're engaged and disgustingly cute," Bucky says. "Hadn't factored that in your plan, huh?"
Three heads swivel to look at him in surprise.
"Hey, hey," Tony chides. He's so close to winning this thing, and he doesn't want a brawl to start
Tony catches him staring, and in a fit of courage Steve holds his gaze instead of averting his eyes. Acting normal might not be the best move right now. Steve doesn't know if he's broadcasting his feelings as strongly as he thinks he is, but letting them show could be a good thing. Tony can do whatever he wants with the knowledge, if he can decipher it. He's not looking away either, chin tucked on the top of Morgan's head, and Steve dares to hope it means something good.
The baby is shaking his legs again, grinning widely, and Tony coos.
"Yikes."
Which, okay, that's Steve's own fault. He tried so hard to give Tony space after the complete debacle that was telling Tony about Hydra and the Winter Soldier and the Ultron fiasco. Steve wanted to be sure Tony had forgiven him completely before working on solidifying their friendship. It's possible he had been too cautious, if Tony thinks there would be no reason for Steve to go without the cats. But then again, Steve brought Tony Burger King, which led to finding the kittens. That was before!
Iantus is the opposite of Sovereign, as in the welcome committee is sympathetic and seems happy to see them. They’re also highly advanced as a society, in a way that makes Tony salivate: decarbonized economy, sustainable development, smart urban planning, nature conservation, you name it. From what the Iantusians have shown, everything looks perfect. It isn't, surely—that doesn't seem possible—but it gives Tony a bit of hope that they can save Earth if they get their act together.
"Oh Tony, no!" Steve says before kissing him again. On the lips, but then his cheeks, his nose, his forehead. It's tender and reverent. "Getting out of your bed, leaving you to go back to my apartment... It was so hard. I wanted to hold you close all night. I almost faked falling asleep several times, but I chickened out. Since you never asked me to stay, I just thought that's how it was. Until we were married, I figured—"
The numbers on the remote currently say '616'. This time, instead of using the arrow pointing left, Tony tries the one aiming right. Even though a new portal appears, the digits remain the same which makes Tony frown.
"Steve?" he asks, bewildered. He also cuts the music with a gesture at the ceiling, a notable relief.
"Do you know what says a lot about you and how great you are as a father?"
It makes Carol roll her eyes.
"Gone in a fraction of a second."
"You understand me perfectly, don't you?" Tony asks.
"Because it's weird!" Tony exclaims. "Stop it."
"Could you repeat that please?" Tony asked, gripping the front of Steve's t-shirt. "I'm not sure if I understood everything."
"Please hurry!" Tony had said before hanging up. Steve had started running, hoping he wouldn't be too late.
"Yeah.
"Can I play too, now?" she sounds joyful.
Cora turning into a crow during Tony’s own adolescence, when he was admittedly quite a handful, gives weight to the trickster interpretation.
Anthony is about to kneel to deliver Vers what he hopes will be a finishing blow, when someone behind him echoes what he's thinking.
Reed makes a face. "He came back. It was a time bullet. It's complicated."
Thor joins them, still supercharged in a way that makes the hair stand up on Tony's body. His usual smile is absent, and his eyes are an eerie electric blue. Most of the time it's easy to forget that many people revere Thor as a God, he's such an amiable guy. At this moment, he's every inch the figure from the legends.
"Okay, fine," Tony says.
"Okay, and we're back at making things weird," Tony says, secretly delighted to hear Steve laugh. He salutes with his coffee and turns on his heels as he decides to explore the ship. Maybe Nebula will follow through and let him work on it too.
"It's not funny."
"Thanks," he says, smiling at Jim.
"That's all I want too, sweetheart," he says, kissing Steve slowly and sweetly. When they break for air, Steve starts nipping and sucking at Tony's jaw and neck, which sends shivers down his spine. "That's—yeah, that's it. I'm easy to please; you'll learn that soon enough. If it feels good, and it's fun for the both of us, I'm down for almost anything."
"She’s cute as a button," Steve starts.
He's about to slip down the rabbit hole again when there's brief contact on his face, a hand cupping his cheek. It's comforting, nothing violent, and the voice is calm and soft, very soothing.
"I can trans—" FRIDAY starts, but Steve interrupts.
As soon as his back is turned, though, it's clear that Other-Steve is not as well as he pretends, collecting his breath and psyching himself to start walking.
Tony had had a real bomb blow up in his face in Afghanistan, and still this came as one of the biggest shocks of his life. He had wondered what Steve was talking about, as it made no sense. They'd gotten into an accident. Howard hit a fucking tree.
"They forgot to unlock the other door." Tony knows that he's already slurring. Hell, he finds it difficult to keep his eyes open. He flops his hand towards the other side of the bed. "Plenty of space."
"You two can keep dancing, you know," Tony tells them.
"Very."
"Awesome," Tony says. "Let's get this show on the road, boys. And when we're done, the party's on me!"
"We didn't exclude you on purpose," Natasha says with a little smirk. The
"Fuck, I'm close," Tony pants. "I've missed you."
Steve sighs. "I know."
"Hey, Steve! Down here!" Tony cries out with another scratch.
Zemo is still spouting nonsense. "An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumples from within? That's dead... forever."
"I'd like to try a game," Tony says, sliding into her place before anyone else makes a move for the seat. "If you welcome newbies."
He's never doubted it. It was written in the way Steve moves, all grace and power, that he'd fuck like a champion. And with how they've consistently gotten under each other's skin? Yeah, it was a given.
"What?"
"Two?" Steve counters, making big soulful eyes. "I missed you a lot."
And the battle before them is a total mess, too. Some of those weird beings that look like the Avengers assist them, and fight the robot and more villain beans. Plus the kids from the beginning, some dressed up as wannabe superheroes, who just jump in the fray. Tony sees one of them whack a Red Skull bean over the head! And not only do the Avengers have mini-them, they seem to have their powers. Bean Iron Man has clear repulsors, and after Lady Thor throws her hammer, the Thor bean catches Mjolnir and uses it at its turn on the main robot.
"I think you're laying it on thick," Steve says. He and Nebula are sitting stiffly, scanning the crowd for any fools who would rise to the bait.
"If I believe your captain, there's nothing you cannot do," she says warmly.
"I know, right?" Such a pretty little girl. Tony's never seen any cuter, though he is admittedly biased.
This cannot happen. Captain America doesn't die from a B-rated villain's lucky shot, nor from kissing the pavement at 205 miles per hour. Tony cannot and will not lose Steve, and he realizes with a jolt that he wants a second chance. He wants for them to be a team more than just on the field. It can’t be too late.
"He won't sleep with you," Nebula bites out, which makes Tony laugh.
Thor, Steve, and Tony get in position by forming the vertices of a triangle and grab Mjolnir's handle. The crackle of electricity and power is palpable as the Bifrost lights up. It sucks them into a tunnel of light and energy, pulsing with color as they travel between stars and galaxies. It's downright amazing.
Steve huffs because of course he'd catch that with his super hearing. "Yeah, well, I wasn't convinced it was a good thing, not after seeing how Hydra infiltrated SHIELD and the WSC. We had two camps and fought about it. Then you found out about your parents in the worst possible way."
"Yeah… You're right," he agrees before closing the glasses again. "So how does it all work?"
The raccoon, the infamous Rocket he supposes, is waving a wrench around and insulting Tony's intelligence. Of course Tony's giving back as good as he gets, in what looks like practiced banter. If he wasn't in the footage, Tony wouldn’t even believe this is real and would call out Steve for trying to punk him with a children's movie or something. Well, maybe not for kids, because the raccoon sure has a foul mouth. Tony's about to ask questions when he notices a walking tree. What in the fresh hell is that? Unfortunately, the camera focuses more on Tony than on the aliens, and he can hear Steve chuckling.
"Ah, no, thank you," Tony says as he sits down at the table.
"He knows the trigger words to activate the Winter Soldier," Steve explains, and his shoulders relax when Bucky has finished gagging Zemo.
"You'd have seen that if you visited more, Gumdrop," Tony says.
He's even happier when the game picks up once more, albeit almost silently, and there's only Orange Lady's turn left. She ignores Tony's tiles, which is great. Heck, no one but Tony and Kol seem interested in gambling anymore. Jarons closes the game when the last turn is over, picking up all the tiles that are faceup.
As a first significant difference, Thor is a woman. A reduced Ant-Man is sitting astride a huge flying ant, and Tony can't decide if it's cool or just too weird. Spider-Man is in a black and red suit, and even if lean and boyish-looking, Tony is certain it's not Peter. He doesn't move the same way. For whatever reason, there are two other kids on the team. A young girl with long brown hair, in a blue and red costume with a yellow bolt on the front; she currently has disproportionately large fists, at least twice as big as her head. There's also what looks like a boy with yellow and black armor with a sort of big red star protruding over the nose and eyes of his helmet. He's flying and shooting energy beams from his fists. The last Avenger is Falcon, but Tony can't stop staring.
Tony smiles. "Yeah, the fire chick. Captain Carol Danvers, US Air Force before the Krees grabbed her 27 years ago. She's known as Captain Marvel now, out there." He makes a gesture to point upwards, meaning the rest of the universe. "She, too, was kidnapped, brainwashed, and used as a weapon. See a pattern here?"
"Because this is mainly why it didn't degenerate into fighting," Richards says, pointing at the ceremony.
Steve is just out of the room when he hears the conversation between Sam and Jim pick up. They don't realize he can hear them from that far away and through a door.
"We're still ironing out the kinks, but right now it's request driven," Bucky says. "People stuck in dangerous lives, who are looking to start over, reach out through a—what's it called?"
Steve places three beeswax candles on the floor shaping a triangle around Tony, then traces sigils on each side directly on the kitchen tiles with a piece of chalk. He's meticulous about it, triple checking the grimoire for each symbol even though they look perfect on his first attempt. If he could, Tony would tell him to relax as it will be fine even with variations, as long as the meaning is there.
"Look, I've known him for five days, but even I find that part believable," Carol says.
"Be careful," Steve warns, only to get a disbelieving expression from both daemons.
Callie's always been the more cautious of the two sisters. She might wish to follow Snowball at one point, but Steve will let her go at her pace.
"Sam, Bucky, come back immediately." He also lets his shield fall to the ground, where it lands with a sharp metallic sound. "Stand down."
"It's not?" Steve says, more as a joke than anything.
"—Hela. Apparently Odin imprisoned her in Hel for millennia so Thor didn’t know she existed, but she escaped and wanted to control Asgard and bring Ragnarok. Thor killed her, but Asgard was destroyed."
"Tony, please calm down," Steve says slowly but firmly. He scoots his chair closer to the bed and his hand hovers close to Tony, as if he wants to reach and touch but doesn't dare. "You had the arc reactor removed years ago, remember?"
"Still, that's fucked up," Rhodes says, crossing his arms over his chest.
But moving through space on the Rainbow Bridge while following a mythical hammer? That is putting his—and Steve's—safety in the hands of 'magic', and Tony is not a fan.
"I'm sorry, Colonel, but you left in a hurry and I was worried something was wrong and only wanted to help." He's speaking very fast, shoulders almost raised around his ears in defensiveness.
"Hello, strangers," she says, in complete seduction mode. Her outfit barely covers her four breasts and full ass, complete with a perky, little tail. "I'm Baylee. Can I interest you in a show?"
"Don't worry, I've got you," Tony says. He's gathered the rest of his come from Steve's face, but instead of bringing it to Steve's mouth, he reaches down to his dick.
"Yeah. I didn't take it well, especially the part where he didn't tell me immediately. I note you're not surprised to know Bucky Barnes is alive. Did Steve find him?"
It's not entirely true. At the time, Steve got along with Howard fine, but he wouldn't say they were very close friends either. He sure values Tony as a person a lot more.
"Skol!" they all repeat in unison. Whistling and clapping follows. Tony takes a sip of his drink, which tastes great but will surely pack a punch, and glances at Steve. He nods lightly in return, giving Tony the go-ahead to answer first.
"It won't happen, I promise.
"Sure, okay," Doctor Martin says with a shrug. "We have instructions and charts for the temperatures and feeding they need as they grow up. I'll get a copy."
"You saw the footage from the Vault-Wagon when Loki and Juggernaut freed the U-Foes," Tony explains. "Loki took your shape to fool the Guardsmen into stopping. Also, I went through that school he dropped on the tower? There was this drawing on a chalkboard about the 'Ascent of Man'." Tony puts the image on a screen: and it starts with a monkey that is implied turns into a caveman, then a knight with a sword and… yeah, that looks a lot like a preening Captain America. Steve feels his cheeks heating, and Tony's not even finished. "And that's without that quip about how he expected better from you, and how you're not a god, after all. Not changing you into a toad, and how he won't underestimate you next time. Big, big crush."
"Maybe they left early as scouts for a mission." It's Tony's best bet, even if he saw nothing worthy of such an operation in the last couple of days.
"Our beautiful children are dysfunctional, Steve," he says with a mock sigh.
"That's an interesting look on your face," Natasha says. She's refueling herself, but seems to be more interested in analyzing her coworkers.
"Doesn't show, does it?"
Tony takes a step forward and puts a hand in the middle of Steve's chest, which shuts him up instantly. His heart is pounding under Tony's palm.
"Hey," Tony says.
That's a good question, but yes, Tony feels fine. He'd love to grab several bottles of whatever they use as painkillers here on Banturia.
It's said with affection, but Tony can't help but bristle, showing his teeth. Very pointy teeth. He had no choice about this form at all, and he's not
Dugan and Barnes tense right back up at that piece of information.
"Oh," Tony says, surprised.
"Yeah, that's cool," Tony says. "So, what's your choice?"
"Fine. See you then," Steve says before hanging up.
On the HUD, the data isn't quite what Tony expected. "I've got heat signatures."
Steve puts ground roasted beans in his tinned iron pot on the stove and mixes in water. It will take a few minutes to boil, and meanwhile Steve pours himself another whiskey.
"What are you doing?"
"I'll be careful!" Peter promises.
"Oh God, Tony, please!"
By his side Steve’s blasting his fair share of Krees with the gun Tal gave him; he might not like that type of weapon, but he's a fantastic shot. FRIDAY is keeping count of the active Krees, and there are only two left in the casino. Six are still giving them grief outside, but that should go down to four momentarily, courtesy of Nebula. She is a ferocious and highly skilled fighter and found an electrified baton, of all things, to beat her Krees soundly with. They'll be an even darker blue in the morning.
He unlocks the latch but can't stop staring at his reflection, following the lines fanning from the corners of his eyes with his index finger. So many of them, so deep too.
"I think you'll have to take a little nap, buddy," Tony says, caressing its big velvety ears. The wolf whines and Tony shushes. "It's okay. Hydra is gone."
It's late and Tony somehow ends up sprawled in a lounge chair, looking at the night sky. There are a few stars, but what he can't get enough of are the three moons that he can see without even turning his head. It's
She smiles, clearly still happy by his return. "Yes, Tony, you're the good news."
," Steve says.
Steve blushes again but doesn't evade the question. His pulse has sped up under Tony's fingers, and he wonders if he should let go of Steve's wrist.
," he repeats with feeling.
"TOR Network," Sharon says, giving the glass of ice tea to Mechanic-Tony. "When we get a request, we spend time vetting the client before Bucky decides whether to pull the trigger. Figuratively."
Tony is about to encourage Steve and Carol to do just that when he yawns once more.
help.
"Captain."
"Definitely." Steve hopes that Tony will take him up on that.
"Definitely," Tony says, taking a step forward so they're chest to chest. He wants to put his hands on Steve's hip, but the uniform's cumbersome belt with pouches is in the way, so Tony rests them on his sides instead.
Steve hurls his shield at the window, but it bounces back to him causing no damage.
"I just feel that flaunting it is crass. I'll go first, then. And please, if only for a fine veneer of deniability, please wait a few minutes before following me."
Steve snorts. "If that's out of practice, I'm not sure I'd survive you in top form. It was goddamn fantastic."
"Sir is faring better than he thinks." J.A.R.V.I.S.'s answer is slightly puzzling, but at least reassuring.
Good, Steve thinks, but having Tony in his space frays his own nerves so he pours himself a few fingers worth and tosses it back. He almost chokes on the burn, he hasn’t had a drink in a while.
Tony is so tired that his eyes are burning, and now that he has shut down for the night he realizes how late—or, actually, how early—it is. Six-thirty in the morning, to be exact.
/? He killed my parents, Steve. I know, I know," he adds preemptively. "Not really him, Hydra. But still."
"Asshole," Steve grinds out and Tony beams.
That J.A.R.V.I.S. doesn't seem in rescue mode—and now that Steve thinks about it, the AI would have called a doctor if there was something life-threatening—helps Steve breathe a bit easier.
The skin-on-skin contact is divine and Steve leans down until their lips meet in a soft kiss. Tony buries his fingers in Steve's hair in return, which causes a cascade of shivers down his spine and raises goosebumps all over. It is, without a doubt, the best thing that has ever happened to Steve. He is so full of happiness, he might spontaneously combust. Judging by the expression on Tony's face when they separate, the exhilaration is mutual.
"We'll be fine," Tony repeats. At this point, he's trying to convince himself as much as he wants to soothe Steve.
"And you're mine?"
And yeah, Tony can somehow see that too.
"That's a great idea. FRIDAY?" Tony asks.
Tony steps back and lets the cosmic energy flow through him in order to go binary, the flames erupting on his body. He's keeping an eye on Yon-Rogg, and he's not surprised to see him touch the control panel on his wrist. When it does nothing and Yon-Rogg's brow furrows in confusion, Tony grins at him.
"I know you told me to stop apologizing—"
"Got you."
No need for a Skrull machine for that name to ring a bell.
the male voice says. It's not unlike a director's commentary on a movie, and Anthony just confused himself with a comparison that doesn't quite make sense.
Tony looks over his shoulder, unsure, and Steve takes a step back, opening his door.
Steve stops shorts, too, but then grins. It figures, as he's seeing his BFF.
"Yes, good idea, Fri. Ready?"
"Same difference. Anthony, that is not your-"
Tony grins because he totally misinterpreted that one. "He
As if they haven't been attached at the hip since his return. But Tony agrees that it's not the same thing as time off and nothing to do but enjoy each other.
Steve comes back, looking annoyed, and stares at him again. Tony continues hitting the glass with his wings. Eventually, Steve unlocks and pulls up the window.
"Oh hell ho!"
." Mechanic-Tony slaps his neck. "I literally have bites on bites."
They exchange rings and Thor joyously declares them husband and wife. The crowd cheers when Steve dips Natasha—armor and all—for their first kiss as a married couple. Tony can't help but smile, too, and he really, really wishes his lucky counterpart a long happy life.
"What happened? What did I do that meant we didn't talk for seven years?"
When Tony enters the Summer Pavilion, he finds the others in a small dining area, jostling each other for glasses and access to the faucet.
He's tired, his head is hurting, and he just went through several emotional whiplashes. There will be plenty of time to understand whatever the hell happened that cut him off from the other Avengers. He's also still angry with Steve and the others for not mentioning Morgan earlier, so he doesn’t want to socialize right now.
Tony whips his head around and there is naked relief on his face when he sees Steve. He's strikingly beautiful, as always, which Steve chides himself for noticing (it's so not the time for his crush to manifest itself).
"I don't need you to buy me anything, Tony." If they are ruined, so be it. Steve doesn't care.
"You're after the wrong guy," Steve insists.
, Steve repeats to himself once more.
Meanwhile, the vet is on the phone with someone he knows, talking about the future care of the kittens.
"Not that I know of, no," Steve says.
"You're such a weirdo," Tony says with a grin when she reaches the side of the pool again and he fishes her out.
“We’re lucky to have him, Majesty,” Steve says.
"What would have happened, if Cora had gone too far?" Steve asks.
"Nebula is a skilled Luphomoïd warrior. Superhuman strength, durability, and agility. She can fire concussive electroshock charges."
"Oh, darling, no," he breathes out.
"I was busy," Steve says.
Tony grins and starts working on Steve's belt. "Sorry for the glow stick impression."
"Glad you liked it," Carol replies with a smile.
"That's it, good boy," Tony says, caressing his strut. "I know you're just curious, buddy, but they are very, very fragile. If they break, I can’t repair them." DUM-E makes a distressed noise at that. It must sound terrifying to him, that Tony admits to not being able to fix something. "I know, it's scary. So only Steve and I can touch them, OK?" This time DUM-E clearly assents. "No touching, no water, no food, no foam, no toy, no nothing. Only me or Steve, no one else comes close."
Unless it did? Maybe that's the big fallout. They may have tried for more than friendship, and it blew up in their faces. Right here and right now on the dance floor, Steve looks away when caught. It breaks the immediate tension, but a buzz remains under Tony's skin. He knows how to decode desire, and that was so obvious. And if Tony is completely wrong and they've never been more than friends, Steve has a hell of a crush now. It fits with the little remarks here and there, the compliments that made Tony fidget in the ship's kitchen that first day, and what Chancellor Almar said about Steve's fondness too.
He tightens his hold a little more and pulls Steve down firmly. Without even thinking about it, Steve fluidly goes to his knees. Holy fuck, but this works for him indeed. There's something so sexy about Tony being in control; of course he's into that. Kneeling on the tile floor means he's eye-level with the bulge in Tony's trousers, and he reaches for his belt with hands made clumsy by overpowering desire. Steve needs Tony in his mouth yesterday.
"Yes, Boss," the AI replies. "You know I've got your back."
Sighing, Tony kisses the now sleeping boy's head again. "Yeah, I know I can't keep him."
"The galaxy is vast, but stories travel almost as fast as ships do," Nebula adds.
It makes Steve snort-laugh. "It's okay. Also? No need to censor yourself with me."
"I'm sure you'll do great," Steve says instead.
Tony has pushed around some of his equipment in the lab to build the sisters a play area surrounded by knee-high Plexiglass, about six by six feet. There is a shallow litter box in one corner, right next to a lacquered wooden crate that has a small opening which serves as a door. That's where the kittens must be hiding at the moment; DUM-E is hovering over the box and chirps excitedly upon seeing Steve, then points at it.
"Problem?" Maybe Tony has a business meeting that he forgot to tell Steve about. "It's okay if you-"
"Thank you, Thor, Queen Frigga, esteemed people of Asgard." Tony inclines his torso to everyone in turn. He sees from the corner of his eye that Cora is following suit by bowing her head in synchronicity, and Tony barely represses a smile. Of course she's a performer. "It's an honor and a privilege to have the chance to be here."
Steve takes a picture of the two sisters sleeping face to face and immediately sets it as his phone's lock screen.
"One day, I'll stop being surprised at how much of an asshole your father was," Steve says, crossing his arms on his chest.
"Yes, it’s perfect. Thank you, Will," Steve says.
"I plan to," Tony says.
She grimaces at that. "Yeah, sorry. We needed intel. A name. Thor?"
"We catch what we catch," Nama says with a shrug.
The wolf whines again, putting a paw over his snout, maybe to hide the flecks of blood still staining the golden fur of his jaw. Tony does not know why the wolf seems to want to greet him. He hesitates for a minute before playing along, extending his hand towards the beast who is less than two feet from him now. Its ears perk up and the huge tail starts wagging, which bodes well. Tony nonetheless yelps in surprise and brings his hand back rapidly when a surprisingly soft pink tongue wets his fingers with a sneaky little lick.
"No you don't," Tony replies. "You knew brainwashed-me, who was incredibly naïve and trusted you. You lied to me, and if there's one thing I hate, it's that."
They rekindled their friendship with an ease that makes Steve grateful every day. In fact, they're closer now than they've ever been. Steve spent a lot of time with Tony at the hospital, in the month he was treated by Helen Cho for his severe burns. They'd play chess, of all things, and eventually started talking about anything and everything for hours.
"Fuck!" Tony swears, turning the shield to catch the blasts. He's torn between staying on the ground to protect Steve and Nebula and taking flight to attack the ship.
There's a story there, the way she said it so knowingly, but Tony doesn't know her well enough yet to broach the topic and it isn't the time or place for it.
a choice,” Tony says. He turns to Frigga again. “What decides the daemons’ form?”
WIM-Tony is checking Other-Steve's restraints. "What is all this stuff?"
Whatever happens or doesn’t happen between him and Tony, though, Steve is confident it won't be in the next few days. He's not ready for it, at least; there is still some soul searching to do. But he can absolutely go enjoy some time with Tony and the babies as he does so.
Tony hums. "That should come from you."
"That was fantastic," Steve mumbles against Tony's shirt. Tony doesn't rush him, and after a few minutes Steve speaks up again.  "How do you know? What I'll like? You seem to know it more than me."
"I really have no idea at the moment," Tony says. "How about you name one, and I'll name the other?"
Steve, who is both arrogant in his self-righteousness and infinitely selfless. The wonder on his face when Tony gave him back his shield. The fondness that swelled in Tony's heart over Steve's speech just before they left for the Time Heist. Steve being the first to reach him when the Benatar landed. Everything clicking into place when they fought together. Realizing Steve was interested in being more than friends by how he kept looking at Tony after the snap.  Pepper and Rhodey coming to Tony about it too, like the gossips they are.
Steve looks up at Tony, heart drumming in his chest. He doesn't understand why Tony wants to stop.
Steve squeezes his eyes shut in relief, taking in a shuddering breath and kissing Tony's knuckles again.
"Of course not," Steve says, going to the playpen to grab the kittens. "Come on children, chow time!"
"You have to understand that I convinced myself I was doing the right thing. That I was sparing you some pain," he says softly.
"What? No!" Tony protests. It seems he can order the armor to return to the reactor without a problem. It's just as fascinating as deploying it. "I'm glad you showed me. It's awesome."
"Okay, deal," Tony says. "I'll rest after the 5 AM meal."
Magic might not be so bad, after all.
"She does," Steve agrees with a wink at Tony, while kissing Callie's head. A Tony who looks extremely pleased with himself, it has to be said. He's rolling back on his heels with a smirk, knowing the punchline is about to come.
