“Thank you,” Cas says with small smile, because he doesn’t know what else to say. He never does. At least now he knows where he knows her from…Dean’s funeral. The thought makes him ache. “I miss him every single day, but I’m ready to take the next step in taking my life back.”
He doesn’t even know why. All he knows is that it hurts. All he knows is that everything hurts like a bitch and that if he doesn’t fall to the floor and cry like a goddamned baby, he might just burst into a million pieces. So he does. He sits in the middle of that nasty boys’ bathroom, hands shaking and knees refusing to hold him every time he tries to stand. He sits there, covered in shame and
“Dean Winchester,” Garth clarifies, and the name sends Cas to flinching. Six years and sometimes he still can’t handle hearing the name. “Oh, I remember that fella! Came in here grinning ear to ear and said he wanted to secure a position for him and his fiancé. I would be correct in presuming you’re the said fiancé?” Cas smiles again. It was all so typically Dean. The all or nothing of Dean’s existence was always just as terrifying as it was exhilarating.
“Yeah, but it regenerates, so maybe I’ll survive,” Dean says with a grin, and Jessica laughs. “We’ll head your way in just a few minutes,” he tells her, so they say their goodbyes, and Dean tosses the phone back to Sam. “You up for seeing her?” he asks softly, the light tone in his voice gone now that it is just he and his brother again.
. He pours himself a whiskey, downs it, and pours himself another. Day five meets him with a hangover, but he does not mind. The pain keeps the sadness at bay, and by day seven, Sam has fresh news to press into him.
“Dean,” Cas whimpers, and that’s all it takes for Dean to decide control is overrated. He pulls his hips out slowly, giving Cas moment to prepare before he slams back forward, moaning into Cas’ neck. Dean thrusts into him again and again, holding tight to Cas’ fingers, his mouth opened against Cas’ neck. Dean can feel Cas’ ragged breathing, his cock rubbing between their stomachs. Dean knows neither of them will last much longer.
“Good luck,” Dean mutters, scooping a spoonful of potatoes onto his plate and ignoring the look Sam gives him. Lilith returns a few moments later, and Dean is just about to snipe at her about her stellar job convincing John when said parent walks through the door, albeit sullen looking but there nonetheless. John sits at the head of the table with Lilith next to him, and for a long while, they eat their meals in silence, that sadistic smile still plastered on Lilith’s face.
“I’ve missed you so much,” Cas sobs out, fingers threaded into the short hairs at the base of Dean’s skull.
,” Cas defends, eyes narrowed at Dean. “What does it matter, anyway?" Cas asks, crossing his arms defensively.  Dean clenches his jaw, refusing to answer. This will
He finds himself in his car, Steve the Dog forgotten in the house as he drives to the liquor store. He doesn’t know why he goes there. Perhaps, it's because he’s crying, and alcohol has always been there to comfort him. Perhaps, it's because no matter what else he's done, the whisky always tastes a little like Dean…
The first day in a long time that he isn’t undoubtedly fine comes with the question that he knew she’d eventually ask. She is almost five and has been attending preschool for nearly two weeks.
“Castiel, hi, I’d love to have a private session with you. Normally, we save the first day for getting settled, but this accomplice of yours has me very concerned. I want to pick your brain about him for a moment if you’ll allow me.” Naomi smiles a smile that, while she surely thinks is disarming, makes every hackle Cas has rise.
“I’m hungry, daddy,” Mary says, turning and pulling gently at his ears like she sometimes does when she wants attention.
“Just take it, you stubborn mule,” Dean says, a grin on his face, one that startles Cas to see at a time like this, so much so that Cas just swallows his pride and reaches out to take the card before turning away. “Wait,” Dean stops him, voice concerned. “Where are you going?” Cas, confused, looks back at Dean with a furrowed brow.
“Those are my siblings,” Cas says, watching as Dean reaches up and covers a yawn before trying to straighten his blonde hair down into its usual bowl shape. Cas rolls out of bed and stretches. Dean follows shortly after, walking with him into the hall and poking his head out to see the running children. “Anna is three, and Gabriel is fourteen.”
“Poor choice of company, Castiel,” she says, shoulders back and hands clasped before her. She looks like a royal bitch.
Dean smiles. “Tell me, how have you been?” Cas smiles a bit and picks at the seam of the big, tan trench-coat he’s wearing.
“You’re a goddamned twink,” Dean mutters, squeezing Cas’ ass. It’s the hottest thing Dean’s seen all day.
“So what’s teaching like?” Dean asks, and it begins. They sit there in that tiny booth for nearly six hours, laughing, drinking, reminiscing. It is great, like nothing ever changed, that is, until all the laughter and nostalgia is broken up by Cas’ ringing phone which he silences quickly with a roll of his eyes. “Girlfriend?” Dean asks, not so much because he wants to know who is calling, but because he wants to know if Cas is available, because he wants to know if he is still the person that said Dean was wrong for loving him. His heart clenches. He does not want Cas to be that person. He wants this to be the Cas that kissed him softly, told him he was the only thing good in the world, the Cas who loved him unconditionally, even as a friend.
“What’s going on?” she asks cheerfully, wrapping a loose arm around Dean’s shoulders and playing with the hair at the nape of his neck. Dean’s mind flashes back to Cas’ fingers tugging his hair, forcing him this way and that. Heat rises beneath her palm.
Dean pulls away from Cas just long enough to reach down and free himself from the unbearable pressure of his jeans. Cas takes advantage of the moment to climb in Dean’s lap, his knees strattling him and his hands running through his hair.
When the door shuts back, Dean is once again on Cas, pushing their bodies together and swallowing the moans Cas lets out.
made my little girl lie so she could have her to herself. She’s lying!” Sam manages to get Dean calmed down enough so that’s he’s not yelling and cursing, but he can’t get his brother to stop crying. He just keeps saying over and over that he can’t lose her. Cas’ heart begins to break, tears lining his eyes as he takes in the agony of Dean’s voice, the brokenness of his posture.
“And I’m so excited to be your new mom,” she says, and Dean’s hands are slamming against the table before he realizes.
“I’m coming, so you can either give me the address or I can track this call.” Her voice is stern, and Cas remembers why he loves her. He rolls his eyes as he gives her Dean’s address.
Dean stands there and tries to breathe. Tells himself this is a bad fucking idea. Tells himself this is the only way he’ll ever see…
“Why? What did you imagine me doing?” Cas asks, curiosity lit inside of him. It has been years. That is all he can think about.
“What’s up your butt?” Dean asks, pausing in filling his mug to turn and look at Sam. Sam shrugs sullenly, shaggy hair falling into his face. “Come on, Sam. I’m your big brother. Talk to me,” Dean says, pushing Sam’s shoulder lightly. Sam moves away from the touch, but Dean’s big brother instincts are telling him that he’s not just being a sullen ass. “Hey, what’s wrong?” Sam says nothing for a long while, so Dean sits just as stubbornly, his arms crossed and coffee forgotten.
And just like that, he remembers how much it hurts. How much he loves this man sitting before him, and how little it matters, now, at the end of things.
“Awesome,” Dean spits, pushing himself away from the counter. He starts for the door, and would very likely be out and storming down the hall had it not been for Cas’ hand snapped around his wrist.
blocks away from his apartment, he took the subway, leaving him to sit next to a man who kept sneezing and wiping his snot-coated hands on literally everything. From the comfort of his apartment, he made himself a mug brownie, settled back into his favorite recliner to eat it, and was harshly interrupted by his phone ringing.
“Come on, little bee. You can look more tomorrow. For now, let’s go to bed.” He puts the box of Dean’s things on the desk before turning back to Mary who is once again staring at the photo of her two dads. When he approaches her again, she stares a moment longer before offering him the frame. He doesn’t realize it, but for the first time in more than ten years, the photo is finally taken back home to its place on his nightstand.
“Cas?” Gabe asks quietly, as though lowering the volume will lessen the weight of the question. Cas can’t meet Gabe’s eyes. He’s too ashamed. “Well damn,” Gabe concludes finally, his big, defensive, and protective posture deflating. “Here I’ve been pissed at Dean for ten years for leaving you, and all the while, I should have been pissed at you for doing this to yourself and leaving
“Castiel,” she says, freezing him. “Can we talk for a moment?” He watches her slowly, eyebrows raised.
you staying?” Dean asks when Emma’s giggling slows to a halt. Sam glances at his watch to find that he’s already been there for close to ten hours.
Dean falls asleep staring at the wall, and he awakes to Sam shaking his leg with moonlight wrapping around him. Sam’s eyes are wide, his lips spilling words rapidly, but Dean cannot hear. He pulls his headphones away, and Sam starts again.
be. He can’t go back to the empty bed that smells like Dean, so he’ll stay here tonight, curled in Charlie’s office chair beneath his jacket. He won’t sleep.
“Hey-o brother,” Benny says, jogging to catch up with Dean as they make their way to the next class. Benny has a grin on his face, and a stack of papers in his hand. “Party tonight at my place and you better be there,” he says, slipping one of the papers into Dean’s hands and slapping him on the back. “Hey, Andrea,” he calls, running off to pass out the rest of the fliers.
feels Cas is acceptably stretched and wrecked enough to continue, Dean pulls off and out, savoring the whimper Cas lets out at the loss. He watches Cas lay there, eyes blissed shut and chest heaving as Dean rolls on a condom and slicks himself with lube.
“What’s up, Clarence?” Meg says, leaning forward on her elbows and cocking her head to Cas. Dean rolls his eyes.
“Just like riding a bike,” he agrees, and they lie there for a while, kissing and murmuring to each other until both are right on the edge of sleep. The words slip out of Cas before he can tell them otherwise
“I’m real sorry, Cas, but,” he pauses to cough, and Cas has to admit that he sounds like shit on toast. “There’s just no way.”
Cas. Someone told you about Bela,” Dean says, bringing a hand up to his face as though he could wipe away the panic attack beginning beneath his skin.
“I’m Dr. Roberts, the ward’s attending physician. I just wanted to let you know that your daughter was born perfectly normal, happy, and healthy. She’s seven pounds, four ounces, and nineteen inches long.” Cas feels the tears well in his eyes, the joy grow in his heart. “Would you like to see her?”
be okay without Cas. But now they’re separated again, and it hurts worse than Dean could have ever imagined. Still, it doesn't hurt as much as losing Emma. Cas' call goes to voicemail.
“Let me help,” Cas offers, sliding down to his knees and fisting Dean properly, tugging him low and tight with the occasional twist of the wrist and swipe of thumb over his head. Dean groans, pulling Cas closer and kissing him hot and heavy again. He’s sure that Cas can taste his own come in Dean’s mouth, and the thought makes the heat in his stomach coil tighter.
“Has he ever hit you or your mommy?” Judge Mills asks, and Emma drops her eyes. Dean’s heart drops, terror rising up around him like a flash flood.
It’s a possibility he hates himself for not preparing for. He’s just stunned and feeling everything crash against him in waves of self-hatred.
“Psst,” a voice says, sending Dean jumping from his bed and running to the light switch. As soon as he flicks it on, he looks around his room, checking under the bed and in the closet and finding no one. “Dean,” the voice calls, the tapping resuming once more, this time behind Dean. He turns quickly, only to see a pale face hanging in the window. He lets out a small shriek.
“Dean, what are you even talking about?” Sam asks, ducking his head to catch Dean’s eye. “You’re the best mom/dad anyone has ever had. You’ve given up so much for me.”
“Cas,” she starts, rolling forward to look him in the eye. The sobbing has slowed to silent tears streaming down his face. He wants to wipe them away, but instead, he is forced to wallow in them. They hadn’t even given him the ability to wipe away his own tears. April reaches out and runs a palm through the shining trails before continuing her sentence. “Step seven is about helping you see that the natural way, man and woman, is flawless. It is how God intended sex go, and He made it so that it was fulfilling and enjoyable. Did that not feel
“Dean,” Sam calls after him, but he doesn’t stop. He refuses. If he stops, he cries. “Dean, please,” Sam calls, and so he does. He always will for Sam. Sam opens his mouth, shuts it, and opens it again. “Happy birthday,” he says finally; it’s obvious that is not what had been resting on his tongue. Even so, Dean smiles. He’s almost certain he does not want to hear the intended words.
“That’s not the end,” she complains grumpily. “Dan and Clarence have to get married,” she says, matter-of-factly. That was about as far as Dean had gotten, so he hands her the reins.
“No,” she sighs in exasperation, and Dean takes the moment to pull his pants on the right way. “Dean, you don’t understand. He’s not—”
“I’m just trying to understand, Cas,” she says. A long moment passes before she smiles softly. “I don’t want to die, but if I have to sometime soon, I want to go understanding why my son feels the way he does. I’ve always understood you, Cas, every step you took, I knew why you did it, and I loved that about our relationship. The one thing I could never quite grasp was Dean Winchester.” She reaches out a hand to him, her palm up, fingers waiting to meet Cas’. “I’d like to understand, Cas.” Cas watches her, gauging her sincerity. Then he puts his hand in hers.
“Oh, God, that was a wild time,” Cas exclaims, propping himself up on Dean’s chest to look at him. “Airport security was judging me so hard.”
“Have you been drinking?” he asks, eyes narrowing at the very obvious scent of liquor on Dean’s breath. He’s wasted out of his mind.
“No, you little pervert,” he mutters, but his pride is shot. “Come on,” Dean says and stands, leading Sam to the tiny room he has been put in for the rest of the near, unforeseeable future. When he gets there, he sits Sam on the bed and turns to his bag. Of all the hurried things he packed, the frame is the only thing he set in gingerly. He pulls it out, stares at his mom for a selfish moment before passing her to Sam. Tears immediately form in Sam’s eyes, and Dean fears that instead of helping, he just hurt Sam more. Then his shaking fingers become greedy fingers, running over the glass covering her, taking in her every curl, her every bend.
“No,” she’d replied shortly, and Dean had nearly choked. He wanted to argue, thought about causing a scene, realized ultimately that there was nothing he could do to change her mind.
Then her hand wraps around the base of his cock, squeezing it partially to life before she sucks it into her mouth, hitting the soft of her throat again and again until he’s fully hard.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean mutters, letting out a breath before turning back to Cas, his carefree smile back in place. “No one really wants to know what their sex toy likes and dislikes, now do they?” Cas stares at him a moment before speaking.
“Come on, Dean,” she says, sliding closer until she is practically in his lap. Dean has nowhere to go. He’s not sure if he wants to anyway. “Just for old time’s sake.”
Cas manages to choke down his own sobs until he gets to Charlie’s office, but as soon as his car slips into park, he shatters.
“Hey, Dean,” John says when he spots him, a big smile covering his face. Dean offers a small one in return. “Sit down, son. I want to talk to you.” So Dean sits because John gave him an order, and that’s just what happens when John gives an order. It is obeyed. “I’m sorry I was so tough on you yesterday.”
“Well, since we spoke yesterday in our private, I have mentally undressed Scarlett Johansson at least twelve times. Oh, also, I masturbated this morning to a lesbian porno that I’ve had committed to memory since I was fifteen years old.” Charlie shrugs, dropping her bottom lip open in a way that clearly says
“What do you need?” and Cas tells him, explains as much as he can spare to explain while driving, and Sam’s voice shakes as he hangs up with Cas to make a few more calls. When he finishes, he calls Cas back. “The cops will meet you at the clinic, tear the whole thing down.”
When they pull up, Bobby comes to the door with a shotgun in hand, cocked and ready to roll. Dean jumps from the car with his hands up, though getting shot would probably be an improvement on his day so far.
but Dean, beneath the terror and panic, is confused. He looks to Lisa, only to find her smiling. “The play?” she says, reaching out and putting a hand on Cas’ arm, drawing his eyes from Dean’s to hers.
“Cas, we’ve talked about this,” he had reassured, a small smile pulling at his lips. “Everything’s fine. We’re here now, sitting together, Emma safe, watching Dr. Sexy.”
Cas doesn’t know what or even how to think. His brain is too foggy to do anything but pound against his skull. Even so, he is lucid enough to know that he is soaked, and it occurs to him that he should pay attention with at least mild concern to the voice filtering into his consciousness.
“You don’t hold hands with boys,” he says, shaking Dean with every word. “That’s fucking queer, and Winchesters don’t tolerate queer.” Dean nods his head furiously. “You queer boy?” Dean shakes his head even more furiously. John lets him go all at once. “Good,” he spits and steps away, scooping his beer up and taking a swig, his glassed-over eyes still narrowed on Dean. “Get inside.” Dean doesn’t look back at Cas as he runs inside. Instead, he runs past the living room and down the hall, straight into Sammy’s room. He’s laying on his back screaming, no telling how long he’s been lying there screaming. Dean swallows down his tears to scoop his baby brother up, rocking him as he gently as his trembling hands will allow.
“Uh,” Garth says looking back to the screen before him. “No big deal or anything, but there’s a problem with the information you gave us,” he says, and Cas’ heart sinks.
want to keep us kissing a onetime thing." Dean blinks, trying to clear Cas’ face in the darkness so he can tell if he totally overstepped his boundaries.
“Hey, Dean,” a chipper voice says. Dean looks up from his memory to see Sam holding the door open for Jess, her eyes sparkling.
Their afternoon at the park is therapeutic for the both of them. Emma runs around playing with the other kids and Dean sits on a bench watching her, a satisfaction growing in his soul. He finds himself thinking of Cas, wondering if Emma will like him, wondering how they will get along, wondering if he will love her as much as Dean does. He finds himself edging Lydia out of their little family and replacing her with Cas, and the thought makes him very, very happy. When the sun begins to fall, Dean corrals Emma back into his car and straps her into the car seat. By the time they hit the highway, Zeppelin playing softly through the speakers, Emma has begun snoring softly in the backseat, and Dean can’t blame her. She’s had a big day.
“You got it,” she says, turning to the bar. Cas sits, watching as her deft hands turn the coffee on to brew. “So tell me, what’s a guy like you doing in a bar at nine o’clock in the morning, asking for coffee and the hard stuff?” Cas offers her a wry grin.
me that you won’t tell John,” Cas says, his voice still shaky from the tears. His mother grins at him.
with these dramatic monologues.” Dean grins fondly. “Which is pretty damn cute considering she has the vocabulary of a four-year-old.”
Dean’s brain goes to static. His fist clenches at Cas’ back, the trench coat straining under his fingers.
“Well, thanks again…I’d better,” Cas falters, motioning vaguely to his groceries, slowly spoiling milk, warming avocados, melting ice cream.
“I want this, Cas. I don’t want to be without you anymore. I spent ten years pretending I was fine without you, pretending I didn’t love you, and I don’t want to do it anymore. I can’t.” Cas closes his eyes, breathes in Dean, Dean, Dean. He doesn’t think he can love Dean the way he deserves to be loved until Dean
“Winchester back in town?” he asks, trying for playful and missing it by a whole hell of a lot. He sounds concerned instead, and according to the darkening of Cas’ eyes at the very name, he’s right to be concerned. Gabe opens his mouth to ask, but ten years later, it’s still very obvious that Cas does not want to talk about the crack, rift, chasm,
“You want me,” Dean says matter-of-factly, shifting off the couch and rolling towards Cas. “I can feel it.”
The window blinds part, and for the first time in a month, an eternity, Dean sees those eyes, that mouth. Dean sees Him.
“You two?” he shouts, startling the pair. It was commercial, so Cas was pulled apart from Dean a bit, talking softly to Dean over the noise of the advertisement about nothing and everything. Upon Gabe’s startling entry, they jump a bit, and curl back together with a smile when they see it’s just him. “I figured you’d be in between the sheets by now,
“Daddy,” she exclaims, jumping up and very nearly crawling between the bars to get to him before the bailiff can step in front of her and keep her in her seat. “I wanna see Daddy,” she pouts at the man, little tears forming in her eyes.
“What do you wanna start with?” Dean asks lowly, backing Cas up until he is flush with the wall. Cas is still staring at the pamphlet in his hands. Needless to say, Cas is no longer concerned about work. “Page three?” Dean suggests, fingering open the pamphlet to page three, exposing a picture of two men stretched over a table, one very violently mid-thrust into the other. Cas’ face heats, and he reels farther away from the man. One of Dean’s hands slides down his chest, landing at his crotch. He squeezes gently, and with that, Cas side steps and drops the pamphlet to the ground.
“Cas,” he calls, stepping higher as the path meets the creek bed. The lights in their tree house are off, but Dean can see enough by the moon to know that Cas is sitting hunched on the porch watching the water carve its path through the sand and stone. Dean walks to the tree and begins to climb, not looking down until he is sitting safely next to Cas. “You okay?” he asks after a moment of silence. Cas nods, his knees curled against his chest and his chin on his arms.
Dean finds himself slogging through the cold of the mist and stopping at Cas’ front door. His knuckles rap against the wood for nine full seconds before it is being flung open and Dean is staring into the cold and irritated eyes of Ms. Milton.
“You scared the fuck out of me,” he spits, and if Dean hadn’t watched the last of Cas’ Grace evaporate into the Empty not ten—conscious—minutes ago, he’d think he was in danger of being smote. The righteous anger sends Dean’s stomach tumbling.
Dean tells Cas about the sated emptiness heaven was without him, about all the repeats of cookouts he attended at his parents' house, about all the times he crashed on Sam’s couch because he didn’t want to be alone. Eventually, they start reminiscing.
really. I don’t know what to do with it. I’ve never thought I deserved it, and when you told me you loved me, man, that fucking gutted me. The idea that something, some
The morning wakes Dean by Sam tugging on his blankets. Dean sits up groggily, pulls his headphones off slowly, glares at the sleep-dulled speaker before him, and grunts. Sam rolls his eyes and repeats himself.
When Dean got home that night, he found his dinner in the microwave, the dishes washed, and Cas and Emma nowhere to be found. He walked down the hall towards Emma’s room, but paused when he heard
“Yeah, I’ll bet ‘fuck,’” the voice says without compassion as they pull Cas up roughly by his shoulders. “Did you drink a whole liquor store or something?” The light torturing Cas’ eyes fades to a dull, incessant throb, and the world becomes a little clearer. He sees his ceiling, fan turning lazily, light not even on. The sun is his assailant. He sees Steve, entirely uninterested in Cas and his preoccupations, dozing on the couch at his feet. Cas’ eyes burn as he blinks, but when they tear back open, he’s staring into amber eyes.
“Well, as much fun as this has been, I’m just gonna go,” he says, and begins to step back into the house.
“Of course,” so Dean leads Cas back downstairs, fingers threaded through both Dean’s and Hannah’s as they exit through the big doors leading to the deck. When they get outside, Cas sees Dean’s family sitting in chairs, chattering, all facing a large arch decorated with flowers and vines.
“Not a word from you, Dean Winchester,” she spits, tearing her eyes away from Cas to glare daggers at Dean. “From the very
His hands reach for the trenchcoat without Dean’s permission, and when they sink into the lapels of that damn thing, it’s all he can do to draw him forward, press their foreheads together, and breathe.
, no matter what, in any way that Cas was willing to give himself, and if he was willing to give himself as Dean’s lover, Dean realized he was more than happy to accept him as such.
“That’s not fair,” Cas says, his blood heating slowly, frustration uncurling from his gut. “What about all the fathers who died before their baby was born? Do you expect the mothers to tell their children that they didn’t have a father?”
“Come on, Cas. Live a little,” Dean says, leaning forward to clap his best friend on the shoulder. The smaller boy huffs, his breath leaving steam clouds with every exhale. Dean tightens his scarf, straightens his toboggan, and pulls Cas down into the snow.
“Am not,” he mutters, eyes flicking down to Cas’ lips before rising to his eyes. Cas is steadily closing the distance between them, one finger in Dean’s belt loop and the other around the nape of his neck.
“You thought, what, Sam? That I was just gonna pull Cas out of the Empty, and it would be a fresh start for everyone, and we’d all just fuck off into our happily ever afters?”
eyes. He would laugh if he weren’t so unsettled. But then John is appearing from the back, and Dean forgets all about ‘unsettled.’
“Me and Cas are fine,” Dean snarls, but Sam keeps on talking, voice getting louder and louder until he is screaming at Dean.
I'm sure you all hate me a little...That's okay. I hate me a little too, what with Lilith and Bela and Dean being a fucking idiot. Even so, I hoped you all enjoyed and as per usual, I'd love to know what everyone thought, good or bad!
“Oh, shut up, Sam,” Dean says as he rolls his eyes. “You have no reason to feel not good enough. You’re the best kid I know.”
Closer. Cas tugs him closer, and with an ease that shouldn’t be possible, they shift and slot together. Dean unravels his arms from between them and winds them under Cas, weaves their legs, and sighs a breath of release.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Dean asks, his guard flying up the instant he realizes Cas is looking.
With his face tucked into the curve of Cas’ neck, he hadn’t noticed the sun creeping back into their world.
“Sixth?” John guesses after a long moment, and Sam’s face turns sour before he can even get the end of the word out.
“I love you too, bug. Why don’t you go get dressed?” He puts her down, and she runs off toward her room, half skipping all the way down.
“Hey, Kev,” Benny says, elbowing Kevin in the ribs and startling Dean away from his thoughts. “Check out Andrea,” Benny says, following her with his eyes. Some part of Dean tells him this is the same dark-haired girl that had Benny pinned up against a wall at that party a million years ago.
“Yeah, you’re right,” he says when he has calmed down. “I haven’t gotten anything,” and they finish the movie sitting a little closer together than they started it. When it’s over, Cas stands, his head spinning with the image of Dean laughing. He has to get away, get his bearings lest he do something dumb like kiss him or otherwise make him think he’s interested in sex. He’s not.
“Sorry,” he says, turning his back to Cas and looking at him over his shoulder. “I was trying to make us some coffee but I spilled it  on my shirt. I wasn’t trying to seduce you this time, I swear.” Dean offers Cas a sheepish smile, and Cas rolls his eyes fondly.
Cas fucking left. Cas never loved him. Dean groans and jerks the pot from beneath the brewer. He pours his coffee angrily, angry at himself for being angry. He does not want this rage. He doesn’t want to hate Cas. He
his inventory, his goodbye, everything from the clinic that makes him look like an ass to Dean is wadded up in His hand, stealing away the only happiness they’ve ever known. “What is it, Cas?” he shouts, bringing Cas back to reality.
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas replies, already pulling his phone away from his ear. He is still driving 95 on the highway, his foot heavy and insistent.
“Ouch. That hurt, Lis. And anyway, Bobby is like family. I know how boring he gets.”  John's best friend Bobby has been there for them through all he could, buying them school clothes, attending anything and everything, baking birthday cakes. He is the father figure they spent their lives trying to sober out of their actual dad. Bobby is a blessing, but calculus is boring as fuck, and there's not much anyone can do about it.
“Wonderful. There’s someone I want you to meet, in that case.” Naomi smiles at Castiel again before picking up her phone and pressing a button, bringing it to her mouth. “April,” she says into the phone, her eyes never leaving Castiel's. "Can you come in here?” Naomi puts the phone down and keeps that smile trained on Castiel. A moment later, a knock on the door has them both turning, eyes landing on a soft smile and strawberry blonde hair.
"Overruled. I'd like to hear Mr. Winchester's explanation of these bruises.” Her eyebrow's raise as she waits. "Well?"
“I never knew how much he meant to you,” she says finally, voice shaking. She stands unsteadily, leaning on the chair to keep from falling over. Tears spring to Cas’ eyes, and again he tries to fan the flames of his anger, anything to keep from breaking down.
“When she gets fussy later from not having had enough sleep, I’m sending her to you,” she says, bored with their games and child’s play. Dean’s eyes fall. He tries not to imagine a reality in which Cas had been Lydia; he tries not to imagine the way Cas would have curled up with them and done silly voices for Hook. He tries and only manages to push the thought away when Emma’s little hand closes over his.
“Come on, boys,” Bobby says gently, stepping forward and putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean had forgotten Bobby was even there. He looks around and sees Sam waiting for him by the front door, ready to face the world with him. His heart swells, and he wants nothing more than to hug him against his chest and tell him that it’s going to be alright. He wants to promise Sammy that even though they may not have a house anymore, they’ll be alright. Dean will make sure Sam is alright, just like he always has. John’s malicious and slightly shaky voice draws him back to reality.
“Maybe some from the pier,” so they head for the pier, Cas’ camera hanging heavy around his neck and Dean’s whistle to some 80’s rock song spilling into the air around him. The little lake is bathed in the light of midday, glowing yellow and orange and reflecting the falling trees into its crystalline depths. Dean plops down on the edge of the pier, his feet inches from submerging in the cool water, and the light bathing the lake steals over Dean too, setting his shirt, his hair, his skin into a blaze of gold. Cas raises his camera.
“Damn it,” he growls, leaving Cas’ doorstep behind in favor of where he feels sure Cas has gone. The path is beaten; it is old. It is sunny summers and two five year olds adventuring into the wilds. It is chilly mornings and two seven year olds swinging sticks to clear their way. It is cloudy autumns and two nine year olds hauling wood to build a tree house. It is rainy dusks and two eleven year olds running back to their houses for movie night. It is snowy afternoons and two thirteen year olds hiking back to their sanctuary. It is humid dawns and two fifteen year olds trying to find a quiet place to talk. Now, it is a starry night and one seventeen year old looking for his best friend.
the patience, the love rolling off Cas tells the nasty part to shut the fuck up. He’s never once let himself be loved soft, and if Cas is offering, he’s goddamn accepting it.
and puts it in the envelope, unsealed. He also picks up a bouquet of fresh flowers, and all the things he’ll need for dinner.
making Gabe clean his car when they get back to Seattle. For now though, he merely yawns and tells Gabe to pull over.
“I see that,” Meg says, turning and tossing the rest of them glances. “Would you like to go get a soda with me?” she asks, turning back to Cas with a smile on her face. Cas nods and stands, walking too close to Meg as they head towards the vending machines. Dean probably isn’t hiding the disgust on his face as well as he’d like to. Lisa’s hand reaches critical point, but Dean is too angry to be annoyed.
“The ice won’t break. Me and Sammy have done this a million times!” Dean wraps his hands around the ropes and jerks forward, letting out an excited shriek as they begin to slide. Cas’ face buries in Dean’s layers of clothes, his arms wrapped around Dean’s middle. Dean just laughs, eyes glued open against the cold and joy as they slide on and on, down each hill they go over until they ease to a halt over the frozen pond. Dean rolls off the sled laughing, but Cas stays frozen, even as Dean falls away. “See, Cas!” Dean hoops, jumping to his feet and slipping back across the ice to his best friend. “Wasn’t that so much fun?” Cas pries his eyes open and stares at his best friend in horror.
“I know,” Cas says with a grin, and Dean knows that Cas understands. Everything he means passes between the words so loudly that they don't have to be spoken.
“What kind of a question is that? Of course I’m coming. Adam’s going to stay here with Sam, so come on.” Cas stares at her a moment longer, his eyes burning with tears.
"Do you want to move this party to my room?” Cas asks, leaning up and nipping at Dean's neck. Dean nods furiously, leaning away and sealing Cas' lips against his own. They kiss frantically, but then Cas is pulling away and taking Dean’s hand. They find themselves stretched out naked on Cas’ bed in no time.
“Jerk,” Sam calls, bringing a smile to Dean’s lips. When Dean makes it to bed, he lays there for hours. He’d be lying if he said he was thinking of anything other than Cas. Dean was right though, Saturday morning breaks around them with rays of sun struggling to cut through the thick clouds. Dean has slept in intervals of twenty minutes at a time, each time snapping himself awake with sharp blue eyes on his mind. He’s spent the time he isn’t dreaming of Cas, thinking of Cas, and feeling pussy as fuck for it. It doesn’t matter though. None of it matters. All that matters is that he can’t, for the life of him, stop thinking that he wants Cas for real, and eventually, he has had enough.
“Yes ma’am,” he replies politely, and Cas’ heart flips in his chest. It is the first time he’s heard Dean’s voice in weeks. There's no real reason for Cas to be as nervous as he is. It is just Dean standing in front of him, fighting for the only thing he's ever loved. It is just Cas' hands that have done the taking. It is just the entirety of their life together unfolding into nothingness. Cas watches the judge, praying to whatever powers may be that she is just, that she sees how much Dean deserves his daughter.
Dean pulls it together eventually. He stands from that damn slick pond and starts the trek back up the hill to Bobby’s truck. He doesn't know why he went there anyway, only that he wanted a place where memories of no one but Cas permeated. He sees he was wrong; he pushes away all thoughts of Cas. He thinks of Sam instead. He thinks of Bobby. He thinks of Ellen and Jo and Jess and Benny and anyone else who can make him forget.
“You should have known! I gave everything for you!” Dean is staring at the creek, hands on his hips and back to Cas. He takes a moment to breathe, to push down the tears. The anger is gone from his voice when he continues. “I’d give anything for you…We said it would be purely physical, and I messed it up, Cas. I fucked it up like I fuck everything up.” Dean shoves his hands deep in his pocket. “And I…It’s just…we started this thing, and it was great. It was getting to have you in all the ways I’ve ever wanted. I was getting to hold you and kiss you and it was great, but it was never supposed to be more than sex…and I fucked it up.” Dean hears Cas before he feels him, but soon enough, those long, lean arms are roping around Dean’s middle and that face is pressing between his shoulder blades.
“I’m seeing someone,” he stutters weakly, but he isn’t sure about that either. He hasn’t heard from Cas in a month. Who’s to say that Cas isn’t banging someone else this very moment?
“Are you fucking kidding?” Cas asks, finally relinquishing his hold on the sheets and bringing his hands up along Dean’s sides. Dean grins and kisses his boyfriend, threading his fingers through Cas’ hair.
The next night, he goes and spends half an hour at Dean’s register just talking, and the next, he spends at
“Why are you being so hateful? She’s never done anything to you!” Cas' voice grows so angry that it begins to shake.
“Sure,” he says, looking up to the ceiling as if inspiration will strike from there, and strangely enough, it does. His heart aches when he begins, but Emma will enjoy the story. “Once upon a time, in a faraway kingdom, there were two boys who were bestest friends in the whole world.”
“I could see you,” Dean replies, reaching out and brushing a hand across Cas’ cheekbones. “I saw you hate me for what I did, and I saw you hate yourself for still loving me.” A long moment passes. They both know he’s right. “Mary made it better,” Dean says finally, voice reverent over her name.
“Dean,” Lisa moans, her bare chest pressed snugly down Dean’s. They are in the car on some dirt-paved side road. Dean’s hands are heavy on her, dragging over her hips, her ass, her breasts. He is trying to enjoy the curves instead of wish they weren’t there. He is trying to enjoy that she smells like perfume instead of cologne. He is trying to enjoy that she is Lisa instead of Cas. It’s not working so well, and she can tell. She grinds down hard on Dean, his pants still zipped and comfortable. “I want you so fucking bad,” she moans, running her hands through Dean’s hair, pulling him this way and that. Control and dirty talk. Two of Dean’s favorite things, but still, when he looks up and sees brown eyes instead of blue, he knows he’s fucked. And not in the fun way.
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Cas asks, running his thumb gently over the soft skin of Dean’s wrist.
, spittle and swords snarling through the darkness. Sometimes, he was mowing down a whole army—he’d been up against worse odds. Sometimes, it was just the one formidable foe, reeking of bubbled tar and mountain air. (Dean smelled the mountain tar for weeks—after. Even when things calmed down, Jack in Heaven, Rowena keeping Hell drum-tight, not a single monster-rustle since Chuck shazamed away the whole world…Dean would wake up in a panic, thinking his walls were bubbling open again, letting the sucking rot back into the world, and there was tar and mountain air.)
Of course, he loves Cas. And of course, things are different now. Cas just lost everything he’s ever known, and for good this time. Eons of life, of magnificent, glistening life, wasted. On Dean.
Sam follows Dean to the door, staying slightly behind him because he knows Dean would push him there anyway. They knock, and the world stands still for a moment. The birds stop singing and the wind stops breathing and the oceans stop churning. Then the door is being hefted open and they are face to face with a round visage, blonde curls, and a huge smile.
“Bela,” he says, but his voice cracks. If he moves any further away, he will fall off the bench. “Physical response isn’t consent,” he says weakly, and despite the fact that he knows he’s right, he can’t help but remember little Bela Talbot. He remembers his hands in her hair…that tight, hot pussy…those sweet, perfect tits. His pants tighten just a little bit more.
Outside the small cement building, a storm that’s been three days in the brewing has finally reared its ugly head. Rain cuts to the ground, and the sound would be deafening if it could be heard above the shattering thunder. Needless to say, Cas tries not to take the storm as a sign from the universe to stop fucking with fate.
He goes to the baby store after he leaves the agency. The storm still crackles around him, but he drives through it. He calls Jessica on the way and beams about the little baby he’ll be getting. He tells her about the baby proofing things he has no idea how to install and of all the gender neutral colors and clothes he buys because he doesn’t know what the baby will be yet. Jess smiles because even though she still thinks it’s a bad idea, even though she’s 3000 miles away clear across the country, she can see just how happy even the thought of this baby makes Cas. She loves Cas, so of course she’ll support whatever ideas he has,
“Don’t worry,” Cas murmurs finally, voice nearly suffocated by the pillow clutched to his chest. “I won’t be bothering him anymore,” and this time, Cas is suffocated by the words rather than the words being suffocated by him.
, however, does not suffer from his suffering. Because Cas is zealously determined to rid himself of unwanted thoughts, the play is pristine by day three, and Charlie sets up a meeting with several theater executives on day four. He leaves her the talking, and when she comes out of the meeting, she exhales, walks collectedly towards Cas, and jumps into his arms, squealing about casting and release dates and promotionals, and Cas tries to be happy. He really does.
Castiel sits back and stares at his words. His hand is cramped and his head is aching, but he still has a few letters to write. He goes next to Anna to apologize for staining her with his and Dean's relationship. Castiel writes a short apology for Gabe, much like the one he wrote for Anna despite the fact that Gabe likely does not know the extent of his and Dean’s relationship. He writes a short apology for Charlie, for enabling her, and one for Meg, for denying her. Then he stares down at the stack of letters in his hand, and he swallows down the feeling that he’s not yet done with his apologies. He dreads his last to write.
“I’m not a traitor just because I’ve found sex appeal in people of the opposite sex,” Dorothy says, looking up from her book over to Charlie.
He always thought they would be best friends through everything. Now…now, he’s not so sure. He just needs to talk to Cas. He needs to hear that his doubts are completely invalid and that Cas still loves him with every ounce of his being. He needs to hear that he’s been worrying for nothing, that Cas would have called if he could, written if he could. He needs to hear that his love—and God, does he love Cas—isn’t unrequited, isn’t unwanted.
Cas looks back down at the card and begins to grin. The smile grows larger and larger until he can’t hold in his happiness, and all he’s left to do is spring to Dean with arms wide open. Dean catches him easily, flowers crushing between them as they hug, Cas giggling like a dumbass.
“Really?” Cas asks, after what seems like an eternity. He looks up to Dean with hopeful eyes, and Dean grins.
Dean spends the next secession of days in the same hazy state, always a little hungover from the night before, just sober enough to see that he’s turning into John, just drunk enough to see that there’s no way out. He calls Lydia every day, sometimes she answers, sometimes she doesn’t, but it’s always the same conversation.
“What?” Dean asks, pulling away slightly, his fingers stuck between the belt and the warm stretch of flesh at Cas’ waist.
” Dean says with a roll of his eyes and a bite to his voice. Cas cuts him a sideways glance, too consumed to even spare him a full glare. Lisa’s hand creeps further up his leg.
“Come with me,” she says, turning their walk and leading them down one of the residential hallways. She turns into a room near the end and holds the door open to Cas. “This is my room, and my witch of a roommate, Dorothy.”
“Yes, but I don’t mind,” he says, shrugging and threading his fingers together. Dean wonders in passing if it’s okay for boys to hold hands with themselves.
alone, and 1,468,835 seconds without Cas. Dean has his head in his hands, and all around him there is movement and laughter, and he is drowning. 1,468,839 seconds without Cas.
“Come on, Cas. I really like you. Let’s go out,” she says, grinning up to Cas, swallowing his ferocious blush like it’s food and she’s a starving animal.
“Did you drag me out here to tell me stories about us as kids?” Cas asks, gripping Dean’s fingers and voice barely there.
“Where’s your line?” Dean is looking at Cas curiously, his eyes wide and green and shining in the light of the TV neither of them are watching.
"I'm so sorry, Dean...I don't even know what I was doing with her. I guess I was just trying to figure out how I was supposed to get along without you."
“No,” Cas says after a long moment of consideration. “I mean, you’re already the person I’m closest to. You were the first friend I ever made. You were the one who taught me to ride a bike. You were the first person I came out to. I don’t really think anything could make what we have weird unless we chose to let it.” Dean smiles at the memories Cas offers but wonders if he’s right. Is it possible to have the kind of relationship they have and add sexual endeavors to it without it changing into something ugly? “Never mind,” Cas says quietly, reading Dean’s thoughts as he often does. “I mean, I may be queer, but you’re straight. Not to mention you have that thing with Lisa. Never mind. I shouldn’t have asked; I just really liked kissing you, and I thought maybe,” but this time, Dean cuts Cas off.
“I don’t think you understand,” Cas murmurs, his eyes falling from Dean’s, but his chin is quickly lifted, returning their eye-contact.
Castiel has a dream of Dean, and he awakes startled by the laughter in those eyes. It has been years since he has dreamed of Dean, years and years filled with happy memories, and here he is, awaking startled and confused.
“I’m gonna live with you,” he replies, a blush creeping into his cheeks despite his best efforts. Gabe snorts, and the blush heightens. Even so, Cas shrugs, and they help Sam load the last of his things before setting out for Anna’s. She insisted on accompanying them to Seattle so Cas’ new apartment could have a “woman’s touch.” Cas thinks she is simply dead-set on seeing Dean and roughing him up about the years they spent apart. With this in mind, he pulls her aside before they depart and talks to her in a low and conspiratorial voice.
“Let’s go,” Dean says in lieu of a better answer. Sam offers a half smile before heading for the door. They have to borrow Bobby’s truck for the movies because the Impala is still John’s POW. Sam sits in silence through the ride, and Dean knows that even though he agreed to take the twerp to the movies, Sam is still irritated with him.
“Damn it, Gabe,” Cas groans, hanging his head in his hand. He stands there in the bathroom until Dean’s voice echoes from the living room.
“Don’t say that to me, Sam,” he mutters. “Don’t tell me he needs me. It will only make it more difficult for me to do what’s right by him.”
“I have no idea what that means,” Cas says, sucking a trail down Dean’s chest before stopping at the band of his jeans and pulling them down over Dean’s hips and tossing them to the floor.
Dean climbs the ladder slowly, knocking on the floor before he pops in. Cas is sitting in the beanbag chair, a book propped open on his knee. He glances up when Dean crawls in, but his eyes go straight back down to his book.
He looks beautiful to Dean, so much so that before another word can be spoken, Dean is pushing past Gabe, shoving his way into the room so that he can fall on his knees next to Cas and take his face in his hands, thumbs brushing over the two-day stubble.
Is that supposed to bother me? She ruined my goddamn life.” Gabe says nothing, not that Cas would have let him anyway. Just as soon as he finishes, his chest starts heaving, and he knows if he doesn’t fan the anger, the hurt will come. “I had a real good fucking life with Dean,” he hisses, fanning the anger. “And she went and ruined it. She
“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” she says softly as a single tear makes its way down Cas’ cheek. He wipes it away quickly with a shaky laugh.
“But you said you wanted it to be a onetime thing,” Cas sputters. Dean wants nothing more than to lean forward and take Cas’ lips between his.
Dean blinks and finds himself staring into Ellen’s eyes, her lips quirked up in a confused grin. He realizes she has probably been speaking to him for quite a while. He clears his throat and looks around the table. The rest of the dinner party has eyes on him also.
forgive myself,” she says, and he sobs harder, clinging tight to her frailing frame. He doesn’t want her to die with this burden. He wants to make it all better with Dean, show her that it’s okay, that what she did can be fixed, that there is hope for them yet. But he knows better. He has never seen Dean so set on anything in his life.
They will be fine without him, really and truly. The bills will get paid and the children will get bathed and the family will get fed. They will be fine even when the silences stretch too long, when the cold becomes too cold, when the drive becomes too long. They will survive without him because they have one another, but sometimes…sometimes they just need to see him smile.
“Keep reading, Daddy,” Emma asks softly, patting his hand to let him know she needs him. That’s something she’s always done, the patting.
John moves them to a new house a few towns over, one with a big yard and lots to do to keep their minds off all they’ve lost. John asks a lot of Dean. He asks him to go to school during the day, to help out with Sammy at night, to stay strong without his mother all on his own, but Dean Winchester is not in the habit of disappointing his father. The first day at his new school is the hardest for him. Of all things, they are learning their addresses. Every child spits out a string of numbers and a street name, but when it’s Dean’s turn, his tiny voice shakes out 1226 Double Springs Road, and the teacher frowns.
“Yeah. Sorry. You left it at my register. I just thought I’d, you know, return it to you so you can make…” His voice trails off, waiting for Cas to finish the prompt.
“What? This? Yeah, I gave the class a little extra credit since so many of them are falling behind,” Bobby says, widening his eyes pointedly at Dean. Dean ignores the sentiment.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas murmurs, his lips brushing the base of Dean’s throat. He pulls back and presses a kiss to Dean’s lips, a smile passed between the two of them.
Tonight is not one of those nights. Tonight, he sits up in bed with his headphones on, staring at the opposite wall, wondering if he’d ever stop being such a hazard to his own happiness. Even Cas, unshakeable, unbreakable Cas, he’s ruined. Forced him into a life he doesn’t want. Made him resent Dean.
The world has a knack for making Dean hard. Cas makes him weak. Makes him feel. Makes him want so, so much to fall into him and just sob, expunge himself of the wracking emotions inside of him, but he can’t. He can’t. He doesn’t deserve that.
“I know what I am, Cas. I hurt everything I’ve ever loved. It’s one of the only things I know for sure in this life. The other is that I’m not good enough to keep myself from loving her, so when Lydia demanded that I hold Emma, it was all over. I knew I was a goner.” Dean smiles, his eyes roaming over a picture of him and Emma that hangs in the kitchen. “It’s been a mutual agreement since between me and her,” he says, his voice light. “I’m generally reluctant to let her go, and she generally doesn’t want me to,” he continues, his voice serious. “I don’t know what I’d do if I ever lost her,” he finishes, his voice low. Cas, looking at Dean looking at her, understands that Dean would not put anything before her, that Dean would give anything for her. It makes his heart swell, to watch the man he loves love something so passionately, even if it isn’t him.
Castiel looks around his room. It’s a nice enough room, he supposes. He’s definitely glad to have his queen-sized bed back, despite all the ungodliness that happened in it. Perhaps he should buy new sheets... Anyway, Castiel has always enjoyed having his own room, his own privacy. It leaves him free to decorate however he wanted. When he was six, it was bumble bees. When he was ten, it was Superman. When he was fifteen, it was simple, dark colors on the bed, light colors on the wall, maps and papers and everything else tacked to the paint and scattered over his desk. It’s stayed that way ever since, gaining a new poster here, a new book there. His most recent addition is a sign he never got the chance to hang…you know the one, and it sends him back.
Dean thinks suddenly, noticing that she hasn’t touched her mashed potatoes. Just as he thinks that, she takes a slow bite of them, eyes locked with Dean as though she were reading his mind.
“Hey, Sammy,” he says, stepping forward because he doesn’t want to play games anymore. “Are you two ready to go?”
Sam is in a tizzy when he finally shoves open the front door, pacing in and out of sight at the foot of the war room.
“I do want to see him again,” Sam says sadly, dropping his eyes yet again. “He’s still my dad. I just wish he didn’t suck so much…”
“Not really. Maybe that I’ll fall on my ass, but not about the rest.” Bobby smiles, claps him on shoulder and allows him a moment of silence before he is turning away to round up the rest of the group.
Dean knows that he’s moaning, groaning senseless encouragements around Cas’ soft whimpers. He knows that everyone knows he’s getting some damn good action in here, but he doesn’t know that not
“The thing about it is,” he starts when Dean's eyes on him become too much. “The kiss didn’t even happen.” Cas continues to stare out at the slow moving creek, but Dean is stunned.
being read in Cas’ gravely voice. He smiled, half-stepped forward, but paused again when he heard Cas contort his voice into a piss-poor impression of a pirate. He was doing silly voices for Hook, and Dean almost asked the man to marry him right then and there. His heart thudded in his chest, and he knew that Cas was it for him. He’d known all along.
Ellen is there, Jo and her boyfriend, even Benny showed up, Andrea on his arm after all these years. Kevin is there too, Garth sitting next to him, and Lisa Braeden next to him. She smiles at Dean, eyes warm, and he smiles back. Everyone he cares about is there, that is, except for John. John got pissy when Lilith didn’t receive an invitation, and even if she had, Dean has a feeling he would have found some other reason not to show up. Dean doesn’t sweat it.
“You two are disgusting,” she mutters, standing and leaving the pair alone in the living room, the sounds of the TV being the only other distraction. Ms. Milton is banging around in the kitchen, Anna has disappeared to God knows where, and Cas is leaning forward in his seat, eyes locked on Dean’s.
,” Dean says with a shrug. “Never really says thank you. I don’t expect him to either. He’d do the same for me in a heartbeat.”
“You’re too cold,” Cas mutters, and Dean isn’t sure in his fogged brain if that’s supposed to be a shitty comeback or if he’s merely stating a fact. He decides, despite knowing Cas’ propensity for sarcasm at the worst of times, that it’s the latter.
“You don’t have a mom,” the kid says after a moment with a shrug. “It’s the same thing,” and Dean wipes his nose, leaving a trail of snot along his sleeve.
hit his daughter. He loves her too much, and he deserves to have her.” When Cas looks up, Judge Mills has a glimmer in her eyes. Cas looks to Sam who wears a small smile. He is too scared to look at Dean.
“What?” he asks, leaning forward to catch Dean's eye again. “He already knows you're in love with him?”
“You think I’m hot as hell?” he asks, to which Cas groans, grins, stands, and begins to walk away. Dean jumps up laughing and walks with him to class.
“We need to break up,” she says flatly, staring up at Dean with her hip jutted out and contempt in her eyes.
Desperate lips soon become wandering hands, and before long, they are each tugging at the other's clothes, breath hot and familiar on necks and lips and thighs. Cas is hard and trembling by the time that Dean’s fingers are slipping beneath the elastic of Cas’ boxers.
“You’re right,” he says and turns to give Cas a soft smile. “Let me go see my girl for a bit, and then I’ll take you out on the town. How does that sound?” Cas smiles widely.
“Did you mean what you said? About us being friends?” Cas asks, fiddling with his fingers in his lap before snapping his eyes up to Dean, his head cocked to the side slightly.
“I’m right here, Dean,” Cas reminds breathlessly, a hand tugging gently at Dean’s hair to get him to look at him. Dean is so close that all it takes is Cas’ eyes locking with his to push him over that edge. He comes with his forehead pressed against Cas’, and Cas follows seconds later, spilling hot and thick as he cries Dean’s name.
“You’re being a huge dork right now,” he deems, still rubbing those big, warm circles into Cas’ back. Cas rolls his eyes and lays his head back on his boyfriend’s chest.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs, smiling to her before looking back down to his hands. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
“I’ve helped him stop drinking, and I’ve helped him see that what matters is you boys, not that you’re,” she leans forward a bit, her voice low and conspiratorial. “Gay,” she finishes, and Dean reels back like she slapped him.
When he awakes the next morning, two hours before his alarm, he showers and heads to the Dean’s favorite café. He gets a coffee for Dean and a coffee for himself before leaving and heading to Dean’s. He knows that now that Dean has cooled down, he needs Cas there for him. He needs to be reminded that what they have is
,” he groans before spitting his toothpaste into the sink and jogging to the door. “I hope you don’t want to sleep here tonight,” Cas threatens emptily, turning back to face Gabe as he pulls open the door.
“Now who is Jessica?” Dean hears John ask from Sam’s room as they unload his bags. “You have a little crush on her?” John teases, and if they hadn’t been together for more than six months, Dean might think the gesture sweet.
Cas thinks venomously, but says nothing. Naomi eventually sighs. “Fine. You should know though, that we are only here to help.” Cas looks away, and after a while, he is dismissed into the hallway where he comes face to face with the girl from group. Charlie, Cas recalls, slightly dazed.
Castiel’s heart speeds, his entire body turning to stone aside from the bursts of heat running into his limbs. He’s terrified, and the more he thinks about it, the more he wonders...is this letter from…Dean?
He takes them to Ellen's because Ellen's is homey and familiar, and Ellen is a gem and one of his mother's oldest friends. Sam orders himself and Jess milkshakes to share and drink them in a tiny booth that is very clearly not welcoming of Dean and Lisa. Instead, Dean and Lisa take their respective pie slices across the diner, taking turns speaking around the dessert.
“Cas,” the voice on the other end says…well, chokes. “Cas, I’m sick as a dog, brotha’. There’s no,” the voice stops to cough, sending Cas shooting straight up in his bed. He pulls the phone back from his face praying to God that the caller ID doesn’t read Benny. “There’s no way I can make it tonight,” Benny says, because
“It doesn’t matter, Cas,” Dean interrupts, his voice hot because he doesn’t want to do this. “It was a long time ago.”
“And just what the hell have I been to you all these years, huh? All those t-ball games? All those spelling bees? All those scraped knees and Sunday dinners and bedtime stories? Who have I been to you, if not your father?” Dean watches him carefully. Bobby's not angry. That much is obvious.
“No, smartass. I’m bisexual,” Dean counters, watching as everything drops off Lisa’s face. Her arms come up to cross over her chest.
When Cas awakes again, his alarm clock reads 10:04, and he is alone. The wave of sadness and disappointment that washes over him is surprising in its magnitude. Apparently, Cas had been
“Look, Cas,” Dean says, but Cas doesn’t. “Look at me, Cas,” Dean amends, and this time, Cas’ blue eyes pull towards Dean. “I don’t think I’m one-hundred percent straight.” Cas gives a small huff of laughter.
“I swear to God, Gabriel,” Cas growls, sitting straight up in his bed and glaring at his older brother. “If you leave this here for me to clean up, I
“He was totally flirting with you, too,” she says, voice just as low as Cas’, and though he felt the attention, he dares not hope it was flirting.
“I love you so much, Dean,” he murmurs, and Dean’s playful smile fades for one sincerer, one more genuine and vulnerable.
“Because of group? Yeah...a lot of what I do and say is just to piss Naomi off. I definitely like girls, but I’m not as…well,
Castiel takes his liquor home, doesn’t bother with a glass. Instead, he props up on his couch and chugs until his nose runs. Then he feels better, feels warm for the first time in ten years. He even forgets—for a moment—why he’s drinking in the first place, but when it hits him again, he starts back in on the bottle, drinking slower as he relishes in the burn of the alcohol. The memories come at him slower now, but each time one approaches, he downs another inch of his medicine, his poison.
“All day, every day,” Dean replies with a smile. “But, Sammy, keep it quiet. I don’t want dad to know. He would be pissed.”
Cas thinks, and then snorts because the quote is funny to him. Dean loved Vonnegut. His eyes close again, and snores fill the air.
“There’d better be a rain check,” Dean says with a wink, reaching out and taking the hand Cas has resting on his thigh. He feels Cas tense beside him, and of all the things that they’ve done, he feels this is the one that has crossed the line. In their ‘purely physical’ relationship, every action thus far has been with the obvious endgame of getting off. Lacing fingers with Cas is something Dean is doing just because he wants to feel Cas, just because he wants to hold him, and according to the hard swallow Cas gives, he knows it. Dean almost lets go just because of that, but despite the fact that he isn’t looking at Dean, Cas is holding tight.
“You are the best,” Dean says, wrapping an arm around his little brother’s shoulders and pulling him against his side as the dread finally washes away from him.
staring up at him as he laps at the head. Dean’s hands grip Cas’ hips, not that he’d be going anywhere otherwise, and Cas is rapt. He is watching those soft, pink lips take him down again and again, watching
. He wants that gummy grin, the one that lights up the whole damn room. He wants barely showing eyes and lines even though he’s only seventeen.
he thinks dryly. “Because you really could. If Mom finds out, she would never speak to him again. Not that that’s the worst fate there is, but she could inflict so much worse if she wants.” Dean says nothing. He wants to light another cigarette, but his eighteenth birthday is still months away and he hates asking people to buy them for him. “I’m just saying, please be careful with him, with
“Isn’t everyone,” Dean murmurs, eyes falling to the floor. Bobby reaches out and grasps Dean’s arms, squeezing him a bit to get his message across.
“Bullshit,” Sam spits, and Cas curls closer to his pillows. “You’re the only person he’s ever loved.”
“So,” Charlie says one night, her tone conversational as she sits on Cas’ couch, Star Wars pajamas rumpled from their lazy evening in. “Have you asked Dean out yet?” she pushes, and Cas huddles down deeper into the cushions. “Oh wait, the answer is
“No one told you?” Dean asks, looking back at her over his shoulder. “I love him,” he says, scoffing and hanging his head lower.
“Dean, I don’t want anything. I don’t want sex. I don’t know why Gabe thought this would be a good birthday present, but he was wrong. Don’t worry about me writing an angry letter or anything. You can just…go home…” Dean’s mouth flutters open a moment before he swallows audibly.
Cas receiving all the recognition he deserved, wanted nothing more than to tear Cas out of the suit he was wearing and praise him like he deserved to be praised. He was barely able to keep himself together long enough to make the walk back to the limo Charlie insisted they ride in on the night of Cas’ big break. When they were safely tucked inside, Dean had rolled the partition up and sucked Cas down right there in the back of that limo, which of course, made
"ItsapromiseringandIllbegivingBobbymyallowancefortwoyearstopayhimbackforitandImscaredshewontlikeitwellnotsomuchthatshewontliketheringbutthatshewontlikewhatImtryingtosaywhichisthatIloveher!” He pulls in a breath, a gasp that leaves his chest heaving before he starts right back in, that panic still hiding in his voice. “
“It shouldn’t,” Gabe replies. “But it does. Be angry if you want, but you know you won’t stay that way.”
“Cas, you wrote an amazing play. I mean, you’re a helluva nerd for writing a play about Frederick the Great.” Dean sways gently into Cas’ shoulder, teasing him softly. “But regardless of sexual orientation, people will
Dean, but he does. He wants to be better, so he nods. April’s eyes light up, a grin covering the bottom of her face, and Castiel’s chest lurches.
“Why aren’t they to you? He’s your best friend,” she counters, mirroring his leaning back and adding a glare.
“Break a leg, Daddy,” she says, to which Dean gives her a kiss and grins. Sam smiles at him on his way out, allowing him to feel for a moment how far he’s come to make it here.
“Do you want to see a picture of him, little bee?” he asks, kissing her head gently with the nickname. She nods into his chest. He smiles and stands, her skinny arms roping tighter around him as if he’d ever let her fall. His hands automatically straighten the tutu she’s been insisting she wear for the past three days as he walks her into his room.
“Dean,” Sam whines, slapping at his brother and wriggling until he’s free. Dean grins and leans back against the wall through Sam’s bitchface.
Dean.” Cas is whining, gripping tight to the sheets, and Dean knows he is nearly out of his mind. Dean doesn’t relent though. He keeps stretching him hot and slow, never stopping sucking Cas' cock down his throat just for kicks. “Dean, please, please. I’m ready. I swear, I'm ready," Cas whines on repeat, but Dean thinks he’s just a little cockslut who'd say anything if it meant Dean fucking him sooner. When
Suddenly, there’s a fresh round of stinging behind his eyes, and Dean just can’t get his head around the magnitude of Cas’ love right now.
“You got to be all self-actualized by saying you love me, but every time I try to tell you how I feel, in Purgatory, back there in the car, you don’t want me to, and it’s not fair. Why do you do that?”
“Just had to pee,” Dean murmurs, pressing his face into Cas’ shoulder, his breath ghosting across Cas’ skin. Dean is snoring in seconds, and Cas could cry at the relief. When Dean awakes again, Cas has not closed his eyes. “Why are you staring at me?” Dean asks, one eye open so he can look at Cas looking at him.
“And you’re in love with him?” she asks, and Cas prepares himself for the lie, swallowing the bile that the thought of not loving him brings.
They stare at each other for a long moment before Holy Green breaks into a flirty smile and steps forward, pushing right up into Cas’ personal space. “I’m Dean,” he says, voice low and slick like honey or oil. Cas steps away, brows furrowed.
“Jesus Christ, Sammy,” Dean laughs as he clutches his brother to his chest. “What the hell are you doing here?” he laughs, but Sam doesn’t say anything, only hugs his brother tighter to him. When Dean pulls away, Sam sees his brother at fifteen, grinning like he’s ready to face the whole world because he has not a care. When Dean pulls away, Sam looks at him, really looks at him. He sees the scar above Dean’s eyebrow from a swing John meant for Sam. He sees his mom’s nose. He sees the first pair of green eyes in the family in generations. He sees his brother, nails dirty, face scarred, his brother whose very name is a four letter word, his brother who he would not have any other way. He sees him happy, and Sam smiles.
,” Dean groans, rolling away from Cas and jogging to the door. When Dean pulls the door open enough to poke his head out, he sees Lisa banging away at the door next to them, anger set into her shoulders. “Lisa,” he says, stepping out and taking her wrist in his hand to stop the banging.
“Why are you doing this?” he asks, voice desperate. He doesn’t want this to be happening. This cannot be happening. “You’re the one who sent me there in the first place, the one who told Naomi about us getting back together! You
“Cas, don’t beat yourself up about it. Tonight was practically a practice run anyways. It was just the student body. Tomorrow is the important one, right? That’s what you’ve been saying all along.”
“Hey, wait. Where are you going?” Dean asks, stepping after Cas, pocketing his keys and pulling his jacket closer around him.
thirteen hours. He does not talk to Gabriel when he makes it in, nor to Sam. He goes straight to his room and sleeps. He dreams of Dean, of green eyes laughing and freckles hiding in the creases of his smile, and when he wakes, he stares blankly up at the ceiling, heart hammering in his chest.
The next morning finds Dean in a tiny bed, scratchy flannel sheets keeping him impossibly warm. He wakes up slowly, even unconsciously knowing that sleep is better than reality. Then the smell of bacon convinces him that, shitty as reality is, there are still some things to wake up for. Sam. Cas. Bobby. Bacon. Dean makes his way barefooted into the kitchen to find Bobby at the stove and Sam sitting at the table, phone receiver cradled in his hand.
“They’re all gone,” he says, but his voice breaks on gone, pushing him back to racking sobs. “They’re all gone.”
Sam is looking to Dean expectantly, but it takes a moment to snap himself out of his trance before he can stand and follow them out. Sam gives Dean a hug, Gabe gives Dean a nod, and both get in the car so that Dean and Cas can have some semblance of privacy.
“Four and a quarter,” she says, and Cas smiles. The child really is precious. Aside from the long, blonde hair that falls in ringlets to her mid-back, she has her dad’s eyes, Lydia’s button nose, and a toothy grin that could melt even the hardest of hearts.
“I don’t want you to say anything, Dean. I just.” Cas lets out a shaky breath and runs his hand through his hair again.
Dean rolls away immediately, swallowing the whimper and fumbling into his jeans. Cas just lies there staring slack-jawed and horrified into his mother’s wide eyes. The moment lasts an eternity.
Cas recognizes it immediately, both sides of the page covered in Cas’ handwriting from all those years ago, pages stained with the scent of that godforsaken clinic. Cas freezes, watching in horror as Dean’s eyes widen, rims turning red as he reads.
“Man, you and me both.” Dean grins, and Cas plops his items down for Dean to scan. Dean scans the two items quickly, efficiently. “So, I gotta ask. Are these little, er, recipes original creations or…?”
“Please do. Show me how sorry you really are.” John’s fingers twitch around his fork, and with food in his stomach, he looks more sober, more like if he were to take a swing at Dean, he would be perfectly accountable. Just like the last night Dean was home.
“She makes a mess, and you punish her for being a kid,” Dean bites back, staring at her. Normally, he would not have spoken out against her, but he is feeling wild off Cas, brave from His lingering smell, the ghost of His touch.
“Yeah,” he answers, pulling her to her feet so they can walk to their respective rooms together. “I just miss him.”
thinking you were unloved. And now you’re human, and I just fucking ripped that choice from you, too, and I know you’re sad, and you probably resent me, and that’s okay. But I don’t want you to hate me, Cas. Please. Please, don’t hate me.”
Dean closes his eyes against it, and when Cas sags against him, he does his best to wrap him in his arms.
Cas has tears in his eyes, too, and the sight makes Dean’s stomach crash through the floor. He looks devastated, like Dean’s love would crush him, and it might, fuck, it might, but Dean deserves to speak his piece, to find peace.
“Castiel, curtain in two,” says Balthazar, a snarky British exchange student with a headset much too small for his huge ego.
“I love you too,” and soon after, they are asleep. The next morning, for the first time in over fifty years, Cas wakes up in Dean’s arms. He nearly cries in relief. Some part of him still believed he would sleep and wake up back in his bed, tubes attached to him, body falling apart. Even so, when he wakes, Dean is already awake, staring at him.
“Hey, watch it buddy. Can’t a guy say he misses you without you automatically jumping to the conclusion that it’s flirting?” Cas snorts, that grin still playing with his lips.
He takes the next shift and drives them straight onto Sceadan Street, where they deposit Sam with a heartfelt thanks from Cas and a mere glance from Gabe. Soon enough, they are back to Cas’ house and the cold that has surrounded him for ten years. He cringes.
“Please tell me its not a silicone mold of his penis,” Sam says with a groan, and if Dean’s face weren't busy instantly heating, his eyes busy flicking nervously to Bobby’s back, he'd be glad that Sam is feeling happy enough to be a bitch.
He’s not worried. It’s high school. What are they gonna do? Kick him out? Dean scoffs. Even so, his steps take longer than they should to dominate that seemingly endless hallway, and when he does, he wishes he had not left the class. He wishes he had not gotten out of bed.
“Happy birthday, Cassie,” Gabriel says with a shit eating grin, pressing a pamphlet into Cas’ hand before stepping past them and leaving. Cas watches him go confusedly before looking down to the paper in his hand.
“We’re here now,” Dean says in reply. “And they weren’t all wasted. They gave me Emma, and she’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” Cas smiles.
“You know what you can do to repay me? Take Jess out for ice cream. Go to college. Be happy, for Christ’s sake. If you really want to repay me, you’ll take every opportunity ever passed your way.” Sam watches Dean for a long moment, those big puppy dog eyes staring up at him.
He feels like he’s in Purgatory all over again, the raw crush of emotions pressing against him from all sides, as oppressive as the Emptiness sliding down his throat. When he opens his eyes, there’s nothing for miles and miles. Not a single speck of light.
“Homophile,” sneers the girl sitting on the bed, dark hair tied back behind her, eyes never leaving the book she’s leaned over.
“I did know that. I didn’t know you did though,” she tells Mary, a false smile on her face. When Mary starts to tell Jess all about her other daddy, Jess’ eyes flick back up to Cas’. He cannot read what they are saying, but Cas knows what he’s trying to say back.
Dean needs to hear from Cas. He needs to hear that voice and see those eyes and know that this silence is not by choice. It’s driving him crazy. It’s making that terrible little voice in the back of his head laugh that Cas doesn’t want him anymore, laugh that the best relationship of his life is over. He eats slower after that, sure that any sudden movement will send his already rolling stomach protesting into sickness.
who doesn’t watch the movie, and who can blame him when there’s an adorable dork like Cas sitting right next to him, completely captivated by the pollination cycle of bees?
“It’s a bad situation, Anna. He’s doing all he can; we all are.” She opens her mouth to protest, but he shakes his head. “I’m just saying. I know you’re going to yell at him, try to hurt him for how you think he hurt me, but you’re wrong. What happened to me was my own fault.
“Holy fuck,” Dean grunts, his come shooting out over both of their chests and stomachs. He lets out a breathy little laugh at the release.
“You were the one telling me to get revenge, to not ‘let her get away with’ tearing me and Dean apart twice. Why are you changing your mind? Are you on
“Fine,” she says, reaching up and unhooking his hand, moving to the next before peeling away the restraint on his chest. He sits up immediately, pinching his stomach on the hip restraint as he sucks in deep, full breaths. She watches him confusedly before undoing the rest of his restraints, ignoring the gulping, gasping breaths. Even so, he has to stave off the remainder of his panic attack before he can turn back to her.
“Gotta say,” she croons as she shoulders open a door on the second floor. “I don’t usually get this kind of request from guys like you. It’s usually dudes who live in their mother’s basement wanting a night with Scarlett Johansson.”
“It sounds nice,” Cas murmurs, fiddling with his fingers again. “Can we have a sleepover tonight?” he asks, blue eyes wide and hopeful.
“It’s like,” he starts pausing to consider. “It’s like you’re grateful to him for sitting and telling you about the bees.” Sam takes a long moment to watch Dean’s reaction, and upon seeing the way he picks at his cuticles and refuses to meet Sam’s eye, he continues, double the verve. “You hate bees, Dean. It’s like you had a crush, like he’s some movie star instead of
“It wasn’t your fault, Cas,” Dean said, simply because he really didn’t want to talk about it. Not when everything was going so well.
“I know how it sounds,” Cas interrupts, a small smile on his lips. “It sounds like something that would hit your taste buds and immediately draw vomit up, but they’re actually pretty delicious.”
When Dean turns, he sees Cas’ hand retreating off the bottle of whiskey he’d been searching for and a mostly-empty tumbler sitting before him.
When they get to Sam’s, Cas is being pulled inside to help drag Sam’s dresser out and into Sam’s already loaded vehicle before he can open his mouth to say hello.
The front door is heavy in his hand as the smell of antiseptics and soap and tears slams him backward ten years. Only this time, his fight will not fail. As soon as he steps through the door, the same man from ten years ago, still working the desk, widens his eyes. It seems they are all stuck where they were back then.
“Okay,” he replied softly, heart swelling as he nuzzled closer to Dean. Soon after Dean’s proposal, they went to pick out the rings. They were simple things, strands of gold twisted into a pair of perfectly complimentary rings. Dean kissed Cas’ temple, and they went home, matching rings in corresponding pockets. They told Emma that very night, and she cheered, danced, hugged them both.
“You did,” he agrees with a sharp nod. “You fucked my life up, destroyed it, and I may never get Dean back after what you did.” She smiles, triumph settling into her face. “But don’t think you’ve won,” he continues lowly, darkly. “Because no matter who you show those letters to, or what you have done to me, or what you try to force into my brain, I will
“I’m…gay, Cas…no guys are…hot,” she manages to get out around her laughter, but when Cas cocks his head at her, obviously defeated, she tries again, working harder to clear her laughter. “I’m sorry, Cas,” she replies, lips frowning, eyes laughing, everything about her betraying him. “I know you’ve had a rough day. Flat tire, dirty subway, evil boss, dirty
“But you’re human now,” Dean murmurs, like it’s reason enough to not love Dean anymore. It is, really.
It rips a noise like a wounded animal from Dean, and it hurts so fucking sweetly. His hand comes up to clutch the back of Cas’ coat, and his only thought is,
“Well, it sort of was her. She’s terrible, Cas. I hate her.” He was trying for humor, but there’s too much truth in it to ring playful. Dean drops his hand and stands, turning his back to Cas and facing the stream below them. When Cas speaks, his voice is angry again.
, Cas. She’s dying.” Silence. Cas’ heart slams in his chest. It’s a truth Gabe has come to know, to accept after their mother told him nearly a month ago. It was a short phone call, a short trip back home, and a quiet acceptance. Cas, on the other hand, Cas is choking on the news.
He smiles at Dean. He feels sure the years would have treated Dean better than they did him, probably only deepening the crinkles around his eyes, the lines around his mouth. Cas imagines flecks of gray at his temple, but he is still smiling. Mr. Scruffy Jaw and Eyes of Green Apple. Mr. Freckles and Slightly Bowed Legs. Mr. Winchester Looking at the Love of His Life. He is grinning, as he always is when Cas looks at the picture. This picture is how Cas sees him now, joyful eyes, radiant smile, staring at Cas like he was the world.
It is strange seeing Cas in his house, like a DC hero being on a Marvel set. It feels wrong, like these two lives should have never collided, and it’s enough to terrify him. Sam sees it. Cas does not, judging by the foot he keeps nudging against Dean’s beneath the dinner table. The whole night is hell, really. Lydia is kind and welcoming, Emma is at Lydia's sister's for the evening, but Dean is too freaked to say or do anything of import. In fact, before he realizes it, dinner is over, and Sam is yawning, saying he needs to get some sleep and asking if Dean would walk them out.
“Good,” Dean says, even though he knows Cas is still nervous. “Because your best friend, i.e., me, has got this play in the palm of his hands.”
“I guess so,” Dean says, but no one moves. They stay sitting at that kitchen table, the table that held the only real family meals Dean has ever seen, staring at nothing, each trapped in their own personal bubble of sadness. There was no trigger to end it. No phone call to snap them awake, no fire to scare them to life. Sam merely stands and heads for his room, and Dean follows just as quietly. They return down the stairs a few moments later, packed with what little they had brought and what lot Bobby had bought them, ready to leave their great adventure for the home front. Bobby is still at that table, but he has switched his beer for whiskey.
” Jess says firmly, quickly, because she knows what is going through his mind. She’s heard it a million times, first with Dean and then with Cas. “You have me and Adam and little Sammy. You have your job and your home and your bees. Maybe you just need something new.” Cas can hear her tapping her teeth with her fingernails as she thinks. “You should get a cat,” she says finally, excitedly, but Cas is hearing someone else’s voice, his voice.
Dean doesn’t want to though. He doesn’t want to drag the past back up, doesn’t want to risk saying something he regrets and driving Cas away, doesn’t want to risk reminding Cas why he left in the first place. They have been given a second chance, and Dean will not do anything to risk it. Besides, he can handle the sadness the years apart left him with. (By handle, of course, he means ignore.)
“Well, I’ve known Dean since he was five, and I’ve never, in all of my twenty-eight years, seventeen countries, three degrees, and thousands of faces, met anyone as genuinely
Dean closes his eyes long enough to think about how nice it’s going to be to have Cas back at home, then wrenches them back open. Cas can’t come home with him. Not like this. Not yet.
“It looks like she might fall asleep. Would you like me to take her back to the nursery?” The nurse asks, but Cas laughs.
“She sent those stupid letters and his wife took their daughter and now he won’t even see me! Was it worth it, Mom?” he spits, the tears falling faster.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me, Cas,” Dean forces out around the knot in his throat. “I just keep making it hard and pushing you away and fucking things up, and I know that, I
“…yes mam.” So they pack their things and head out as the sun sinks below the horizon. “Why did we have to leave like that?” Anna asks once their relative’s house fades away.
“It’s…complicated.” It’s Cas’ turn to stare out of the window, and Dean does not press the matter. For that, Cas is eternally grateful.
“He wants us…No one has ever wanted us,” Sam whispers finally, and had Dean known that was what was turning through that big, dorky brain of his, he’d have been screaming every obscenity to make him stop, singing every lullaby to calm the doubt. But he didn’t, and now the thoughts are there and Dean knows from experience that they will not be leaving, so Dean does all he knows to do and wraps an arm around his brother’s shoulder.
“He’s walking away. That really what you want?” she asks before looking back to her table and scrubbing again. Dean blinks. Cas is walking away. Dean nearly knocks over the table in an attempt to run after him.
“Technically, we’ve just been fooling around. We haven’t fucked yet.” Dean shrugs, as though that or his words would make the situation better. All anger drains from Lisa’s face.
His heart screams, and Cas is torn, ripped apart from his very core. Everything the clinic said to him, made him into, is falling away, and Castiel can’t breathe. All he can see, all that he
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Dean says, his eyes shining in the darkness. The collective breaths from the audience are nothing but a whir from the other side of the curtain. His best friend grins.
“You’re not leaving? You're not leaving.” Gabe mimics him, his voice first incredulous and soon exasperated. “What about your apartment?”
“Your honor,” Sam roars, standing and slamming his hands down to the table. Dean’s eyes flick to Cas, and the ache returns to both of them, pulsing and devouring. Judge Mills says nothing for a long moment, dousing the courtroom in silence.
“I know it’s been a while, more than a while actually, ten years.” Dean is nervous. Dean does not think it fair that even after twelve years with him, half a year
“It’s okay,” Dean replies, because he somehow knows that if John saw the bruises on his arms, he’d be even more mad.
Dean is leaned against his counter, back to Cas, book in hand, clearly expecting everyone to go to Charlie’s register.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean says, his voice impossibly soft, impossibly tender, impossibly sincere, but apparently, it is enough. The moment after the words leave Dean’s lips, Cas is moaning into Dean’s shoulder, sobbing against him, arms clenched tight as though Dean would ever walk away, as though he ever could. “Shh,” he croons, rubbing Cas’ back through his orgasm. “I've got you, babe.”
Dean finally manages to lift his eyes up to Cas’, desperate and manic and shuddering around his tears. Cas holds his gaze, tears sliding down his cheeks as well. He’s got his hands clenched tight on the tabletop.
“Because I fucking love you, okay!?” he had screamed, chest heaving. “It’s been ten goddamn years, and
“Just because I’m loaded doesn’t mean that I want to spend all of my free time at home alone. So. I’m coming to Seattle,” he says to Cas. “And I’m moving off your couch,” he says to Anna. They both snort.
,” Dean said, stretching out his legs and hooking Cas by the hips. He barely got Cas reeled to him before a shrill shriek broke out from the living room. They both sprung away from each other and into the living room, spouting questions at Emma, trying to pick her up and search her for any signs of harm.
“Oh, that’s fine, babe,” Lisa says and kisses Dean quickly before standing, her hand still on Dean’s shoulder. “I'll just come with you,” she says, winking and walking away.
Cas blinks. He is here. He is here. He is parked in front of that old house built of a million memories, thirteen years of brotherhood, one endless Autumn of passions, and ten years of wasted time. Cas’ heart slams wildly in his chest.
“Then he should go find him. No one should have to be away from the person they love,” she says, snuggling closer to him. “Thanks for the story, Daddy,” she says, and the next thing Dean knows, she is asleep, snoring softly, fingers twitching against his shirt as she dreams. He lays there with her for a while, heart thrumming in his chest, until he decides that she is right. He should not have to be without Cas, especially since Cas still wants him. He shifts her tiny body away from him, kisses her forehead, and picks up his
Cas lets a small sigh into the air between them. His fingers tighten in the short hairs at the base of Dean’s neck.
It’s an empty threat. Dean knows. Cas is holding him too tightly for it to be anything else, but still.
“Bathroom by library. Knock once,” he types and sends it to Cas. He stares himself in the mirror. All the things his father said to him about gays, about people just like him, just like Cas, rush at his reflection.
“Thanks, Jo; hi, Ellen,” he says, smiling at them before attempting to head to a private booth in the back.
“I would like that very much,” he replied, and soon, she was asleep. Later, after they put her in her bed, Dean reeled Cas close and nuzzled behind his ear.
“Dean,” John calls, so he stands and makes his way to his father. John hardly sees Dean when he looks at him. “Make your brother a bottle, would you?” John asks, so of course Dean goes to do so, pulling a chair to the cabinet because he’s not tall enough to reach it on his own. John sits slouched at the table, rubbing his eyes. Dean doesn’t mind making bottles for Sammy. It makes him feel important, like Sam needs him.
“Oh! Oh, yeah, sure, definitely. I'll uh, see you around,” he says, hanging it like a question and smiling one last time before returning to his station, leaving Cas to return to Charlie’s. He stares at her, stunned for a moment, and she stares, stunned right back.
“Dean, Benny is sick,” Cas says, distress tingeing into his voice. Dean sits up completely and pulls the headphones off his ears.
“Sam,” Dean groans finally, seeing Sam’s trajectory. “Don’t,” but he does. He jumps between Dean and the next punch, catching it right across his scrawny little ribs. Dean swears he hears something crack. "Sam," he whines, unable to help as Sam crumples to his knees there at their feet.
“He said he was sorry, Bobby,” Dean says, staring at his Uncle Bobby, the man who’s been more like a father to them than an uncle or the non-relative he really is.
“Okay,” Cas murmurs, a small relief washing over him. Dean is safe. Dean is ignoring him, and as much as that hurts, Dean is safe. “So how have you been?” he asks, all hostilities gone as they continue to talk until the man at the desk tells him lights out is in a matter of minutes and he is forced to tell his sister goodbye. Cas goes back to Charlie, alone and heart heavy.
“He’s all I’ve ever known, Bobby,” Dean admits quietly, and Bobby pushes back a sigh. “He’s been my best friend for all my life…I’ve never had to live without him.”
Dean manages to be little more than deadweight as Cas drags them both to the car, and he can’t even protest when Cas opens the backseat door and drops him inside.
, Dean, and I know I’m only thirteen, but I do, and I want to marry her one day, and I’m scared that isn’t what she wants. What if that isn’t what she wants…?”
“Cas,” Jess starts, audibly throwing the blankets away from her and leaving the warmth of her safe bed.
“Stop it. That isn’t what I mean, and you know it.” Cas looks down to Mary. “Don’t you think it will be confusing for her?”
“I see,” he croons, stepping up and squeezing the skin of her stomach, causing her to giggle more. Sam smiles and turns her right-side-up on his hip. “How long
“Well, if you’re sure now, we have a pregnant woman in Cleveland waiting for you.” Missouri smiles, and Cas finds himself smiling in return.
He loves Cas more than anything in the whole world, but he is Dean. Instead, he says “I need you,” “Don’t ever change,” “I’d rather have you,” “I’m not leaving here without you.” Dean kisses knuckles, laughs at jokes, doesn’t move when Cas is asleep on Dean’s shoulder and making his arm fall asleep. He does these things instead of “I love you,” and Cas is human.
is my family. They’ve always been there. How many of my t-ball games did you go to? How many of my awards programs did you attend? How many nights did stay up helping me with my homework or fighting away the nightmares? Do you even know what grade I’m in?” Dean turns to his dad curiously. Both of his sons are watching him with wide eyes. Sam hopes he knows. He hopes John will surprise them all and confidently say eighth. He hopes that someday he’ll be able to forgive his father for all the hell he’s put them through, but if that is ever going to be possible, John needs to know.
“No, not really,” Cas replies, handing Dean cash and watching his deft fingers make change. “I watch the food network when my insomnia spikes, and the food gets real weird late at night.” Dean lets out a laugh, one that snatches Cas’ attention and leaves him star struck, thinking about all the horrible days that could be made beautiful just by that grin.
“Hi,” she says, stretching her hand out to Dean. “I’m Lilith. It’s so lovely finally be meeting you! Your dad has told me all about you.” She all but jerks Dean through the door with the hand she has trapped between her own, and with her motion, there is nothing between her and Sammy. She takes full advantage of that, pulling Sam flush against her in a bone-crushing hug and cooing. “You must be sweet little Sammy,” she croons, and over her shoulder, Sam is giving Dean
Cas gets his dance with Emma as Dean spins Ellen around on the dance floor; then Jo is pulling at Dean and Charlie is pulling at Cas and again they are separated. Eventually though, they land back together, just like they always do.
“I didn’t want to keep it a secret! I tried to tell you why I’m here, but you kept shutting me down, being a stubborn ass and saying we didn’t have to talk about it! So now we’re not!” People are looking. Dean and Cas do not care. They two are the only people in the whole world. The entire damn universe consists of Dean and Cas.
The next morning, he picks Cas up exactly the same as he always does, but everything is different now. Now, when Cas gets in the car, he sits in the middle, and when they are out of Ms. Milton's sight, Cas leans over and kisses Dean sloppily.
“He ran away. He ran halfway across the kingdom to get away from Clarence, and he really thought he had. He went ten years without seeing him. Dan even got married and pooped out a little girl that he loved very, very much.” Emma giggles. “He was able to be happy without Clarence, but then all of a sudden, he saw Clarence again, half a kingdom away from where they started, in the middle of a grocery store, of all the random places. He didn’t know what to do, but Clarence looked as handsome as he’d ever seen him, and Dan realized that he didn’t want Clarence to be angry at him. Dan realized he didn’t want to be angry at Clarence, so he forgave him. He forgave him, and he felt a hundred times better without all the hatred he’d held onto for all those years.
“I wish Sammy could come to school with me,” Dean tells her softly, watching her blonde hair fall through his fingers. He shifts slightly, his backpack a weight between his small shoulders that he’s not yet use to. Mary squats down and gently pulls him off her, brushing over his cheekbones with her thumbs.
do you believe homosexuality is wrong?” she asks, voice chipper and head cocked to the side. Cas brings his eyes up from the floor.
“True,” he offers with a smile, letting his legs hang down over the side. They sit in silence for while, listening to the quiet of their little world and pretending like nothing has changed between them. “But, you know,” Cas says finally, clasping his hands between his knees. “I did enjoy kissing you…physically of course, not in a way that would ruin our friendship, not emotionally.” Cas’ words tumble out of him, seemingly landing with splashes into the stream running beneath their feet. Dean’s face heats back up.
“Well, he doesn’t,” he says, and he really believes it. Then, thank God, Lisa lets it drop, the silence that then ensues nothing like the silence he shares with Cas. Instead, it is waiting for anger to break, waiting for the other shoe to drop, waiting and waiting and waiting, and Dean can’t stand it. “Well, I for one, want to go home and have sex with you.” Lisa rolls her eyes. Dean looks over to his baby brother and his date. They are talking, a smile on each of their faces.
