Sherlock realised with a slap in the face and a punch in the stomach that John was his everything. That John was what he needed in life, was his drug and those two years without John was pure hell and he needed John. And John didn't want him anymore, he would do anything to protect John and he regretted his decisions and regretted his life. John had helped him come out of his shell but John was leaving.
He nods.
He had heard this phrase so many times when he was in Afghanistan, of hopeless dying soldiers, seeking comfort from their doctor as they took their final breath.
Sherlock’s eye twitched.
A man, a criminal and they had followed him here to find out that it was a trap. Then what? An explosion.
"I'm saying. " He clears his throat and swallows.
He continued talking to Sherlock for a while, reminding and patting Sherlock to remain awake. Soon, soon John would need to disregard the pressure and start doing his CPR. His mental list of symptoms and risks checking itself as he urged Sherlock to answer his questions.
It was locked, John smashed the door open with the fire extinguisher, the blood buzzing and rushing into his ears. "What. The. Fuck!? " He stilled at the scene as he yelled,  dragging Smith away from Sherlock. Sherlock was deathly pale. It was like the first time John had actually seen Sherlock, had a good look at Sherlock, his best friend, not, the man who killed his wife. It was horrifying, his insides turned as he walked slowly towards Sherlock.
"I shouldn't - I shouldn't have met you in the first place, knowing that I'll cause you so much pain. But please John please, forgive me? " His voice cracked, desperation laced in his voice. "Please, please, look at me. " Sherlock pleaded, his hand gripping John's leg, his eyes slowly losing his light.
Sherlock tilts his head to the side as he observes John quietly, willing himself to speak.
It’s drifting away, I tried to open my mouth.
John shrugged nonchalantly as a smile slowly emerged from his face. “I couldn’t possibly let a /cabbie/ kill my possible flatmate that I just met, could I?” John tilted his head as he gazed at Sherlock, the fire blossoming like never before.
“What point?” John immediately asked as he furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
He licks his lips as he dips down to kiss the crown of Sherlock's head, breathing in what could non other than be Sherlock.
John’s blood ran cold and a shiver ran down his spine as he looked forward in horror.
“J’hn? Am I dying?”
Sherlock could feel tears dripping down his face, he realised, wetting his cheeks and creating a spread of red across his cheeks, embarrassment, at this on the offhand, failure of controlling his own emotions.
John choked on his own breath as he squeezed his eyes shut, no, no, no, this couldn't be it. His relationship, his time with Sherlock amplifying and daunting on him as he lowered his head down, his hands coming up to cover his ears. Memories rushing to his head, overflowing, couldn't stop, blood, rage, despair. And the clear reminder, foreboding present in front of him that he could not get rid of. Of how, John Watson had casted Sherlock Holmes aside.
But never.
“John, you probably want to shut up now.” Sherlock intercepted, his figured hunched in as he warned John.
Eurus shrugged and drowned the hamster.
His quietening sobs turns into a wail as he throws his arms out at Mycroft.
Sherlock remained silent.
Sherlock continued looking outside, his heart jumping a little as he glanced at John and back. “Yes, well, as I was saying, dull.”
Too cold, too tired.
"No, don't be daft. " Sherlock replied, brashly wiping away the tears with the back of his hand." Nothing of that sought, I do love you John. Have I not said enough? " Sherlock replied with a hint of amusement as relief flooded through his own system, finding that it had been a miracle that he wasn't hallucinating. That it was so very real.
“Starving.” John applied immediately, the adrenaline slowly slipping away as his shoulders slumped, unconsciously shuffling closer to Sherlock as his fingertips brushed against Sherlock’s hand.
The world swirled around me as a dull thud resonated in my head.
It was a few seconds before John walked back in, a small bounce to his steps.
Sherlock sobs heart-brokenly.
At age 21,
"I wonder if it'll survive against it's odd. " Eurus said aloud as she smiled slightly, plunging the hamster into the water, forcing it down, pushing it against the sink as it flailed valiantly.
John screamed.
“I'm pretty sure you could search this flat all day, and you wouldn't find anything you could call recreational.” He continued as he retorted.
“It’s a drugs bust!” Lestrade said bewilderingly as he raised his eyebrows, opening his arms as he surveyed the room.
Sherlock slumped in defeat, "Thought this." He gestured between the two of them and their surrounding, "wasn't real."
John's eye twitched in disdain. So all of this, the drugs, Molly, Smith, it was all a trick. All over again. John clenched and unclenched his fist, a little unearthed but delighted in the sense that he hadn't fall for it. How could Sherlock? Sherlock wanted him to pity him, save him, he thought wrong. John wasn't going to save Sherlock, it was over between them a long time ago, he wished Sherlock had stayed dead. Mary and him would have gone on, a normal life.
He clamped his jaw and tightened it, squeezing his eyes shut. He was angered, but some part of him was angered that Mary, /Mary/ would suggest such a thing. He was filled with so much rage that it was unbelievable. He stood still, rooted on the spot, he didn't move. Why should he? He's done with the world, his mind viciously spat out.
And then there was another on the face and Sherlock looked up, frightened, not knowing what to do, never, when it comes to John Watson.
He would not allow himself to have that man die in front of him. It was not viable in any way of his functionality of life. John squinted as he rested his gun at the side, the man falling down gracelessly in font of Sherlock.
Sherlock huffs as his gash continues bleeding freely.
At age 40,
He looked down at Sherlock, blood seeping in an astronomical rate as Sherlock started trembling, shivering as his fingers twitched, his lips a slight blue. John rushed to take off his shirt, scrunching it up and applying it to Sherlock’s bleeding head.
" Did something happen? Did I misunderstood...? " John confesses embarrassed, doubt dimming his eyes as he shifted in the warm cocoon that they had made.
"I don't think you get what I'm saying John. "
Sherlock opened his eyes with a sudden jerk, his eyes darting everywhere as it landed on John. His eyes wide as his jaw slackened, looking at John, his eyes wild. He flinched as he looked down at John's fist on his collar, "I- Wha? " He scrambled to draw information from his brain, afraid of making John even more angry than he was.
“John John John John” He almost chanted as he gasped for breath.
They should have backup. They
He kept quiet as they both gazed into each other’s eyes.
Sherlock sighs and closes his eyes.
John closed the door behind them as he turned to discover Sherlock’s face mere inches away from him. He released a breath he didn’t realize he was holding as he gazed into the striking blue eyes. “So? Single then?” John smiled as he continued looking into Sherlock, searching for an answer as he licked his lips unconsciously.
Sherlock's sobs increased as he looked up, seemingly at nothing.
Sherlock looked at John stunned, not knowing how to react before he looked back at the window. His mind wasn’t really working at this point of state. He turned back to John, his mouth opening and closing like a fish before he turned back, his legs tapping the floor as he bit his lips. A fuzzy warm pressure slowly taking over his chest.
The last thing he heard was a shout. Panic rushed through John’s system as he clambered to his feet, swaying a little as he did so. There was a new found panic in his system now, the need to check if Sherlock was okay. He surveyed his surroundings with half opened eyes, still dizzy from the impact, unable to focus.
At age 31,
“Oh, just passing the time.” Sherlock smiled as he smoothed his suit, his eyes glinting in the light. He looked at John,” And proving a point.”
John half joked as he applied more pressure to the head wound, praying, praying that help would come soon.
“Wait!” John shouted as his hand latched onto Sherlock’s, the rough callouses of his palm wrapping round Sherlock’s smooth, pale ones. Sherlock jerked as he looked back at John, his face stunned before he turned back and continued running.
John was about to continue before Sherlock turned and walked towards him, his breathing lowered as he bent his head down, looking at John with intent eyes. “John.”
John swallowed as his throat constricted at the sight of Sherlock looking infinitely younger, looking around his own flat with a sense of loss, or rather avoidance, almost as if he was nervous.
He was so so still, not moving, and those bloody injuries. It looked bad, and John was the one that did that to him. He patted Sherlock awake with his calloused hands, rage filling his system again when Sherlock kept still. Not. Moving. "Trick! You said it was a trick! Wake up! " John growled as he grabbed the collar of Sherlock's flimsy hospital gown, yanking him up and shaking him with a death grip. "Stop TRICKING ME!"
A smile
Weak, helpless.
“John.” His voice laced with yearning, his tears flowing out as he covered his face with his trembling hands.
"I never- I never told you... Never thought I would but I loved you. " He whispered, "I really did, always." He tightened his fist as he hugged Sherlock close.
Finally.
The door slammed as John followed after Sherlock, his mood perfect as the warmth of Sherlock tingled in his hand, comforting, reminding. He squeezed it before he leaned against the wall, looking to his side as he giggled, delight flooding his system as he gazed at Sherlock.
The palm that rested on the small of Sherlock's back grounded him as John traced small soothing circles with his thumb, humming as the voice vibrated across John's body, his adam apple bobbing as he swallows and licks his chapped lips.
He looked up, heat, /love/, pooling into his chest as he dared to lift his head and stared into those eyes, those flickers of blue warm eyes, eyes that were understanding, beautiful, it held everything that Sherlock had ever wanted.
“You're looking for a man probably with a history of military service and...” Sherlock trailed off as his eyes landed on John, recognition lit up in his eyes as he clutched the shock blanket tighter round himself. “Nerves of steel…” His words slipped as he opened his mouth and tilted his head at John.
And suddenly, they were running across the streets of London.
He looks up and sniffs, his big eyes looking up sorrowfully.
Mycroft grumbles as the clock shrills loudly in the early morning.
It made me want to cry too.
“Yes, good night.”
This, this was good.
"You despise me. " John whispered low, his tone menacing, danger.
John’s hands
despair is all he knows. Everyone treats him like dirt, why was this happening to him? He was drowning in melancholy and drugs was his only way out. Heroin, cocaine, and a way out to nothingness. Overdoses were like a monthly thing and guess what? He just didn't care, couldn't care because if he did care, everything would crash and burn and there would be no more Sherlock.
“Oh god.” John scrubbed his hand down his face, horrified.
John’s heart jumped as he couldn’t help but let out a small warm smile, his eyes softening as he looked. Before he straightened and immediately gushed his sentence out,” So you've got a boyfriend, then?” The words tumbled out as his ears flushed with red.
"Open your eyes. " John encouraged, nudging slightly. His calloused hand placed itself on Sherlock's cheek, the pad of his thumb sliding across Sherlock's tear streaked face in an attempt to comfort.
Sherlock lies in his bed alone, breathing slowly, in and out. He was the last one alive. Mrs Hudson had died 30 years ago, Lestrade 8, Mycroft 5, Molly 4, and John. John had passed away yesterday. And Sherlock was tired, he was old and brittle and his brain didn't work as it was years ago. Sherlock's brain is filled with John and a dull ache in his heart, of John's smile and his laughter and face. The image of John standing in the kitchen, swaying his hips and whistling one of the outdated songs that he loves, making tea for him. The way he smooths Sherlock's curls soothingly and whispers to him lovingly. The way he smiles sleepily. And everything around him has so much John in him and it hurt so much.
" You didn't hurt me, it wasn't bad. In fact it was so good that I had- thought - " Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment and hummed," Hmm. I thought it would have been- a figment of my imagination-"
Then Sherlock felt the tug and soon he was engulfed in all of John, arms wrapped around him, tender and rough at the same time. The thrums of John's heart, the scent that acutely reminded Sherlock of John. Tea, biscuits, mittens.
Then John said I was wild and free and ran around as if nothing could have ever held me back. Ever.
John stared at the slackened face, the pounding of his chest almost impossible as he gasped for breath. It was unbelievably painful, more so that Mary, more so than ANYTHING that he had ever experienced. It hurt, John's life was falling apart. Because no, it wasn't a peaceful face that Sherlock had with him. No, his face, Sherlock's pale, still, face was filled with lingering despair and a silent plea. Because. Because Sherlock had died thinking that John hated him, that John refused to look at him and refused to accept his apology. And it hurt like high hell.
“You know I love you, you know that.” A responding whisper as John leaned his forehead against Sherlock, “I love you, more than you can ever know.”
They're kidnapped. Sherlock's injured.
At age 79,
John’s pupils were dilated, pain shot through him in every direction as he gasped for air, squinting to open his eyes amid the dust and debris. Where was he again? He was lying down flat with possibly a broken arm, slight concussion and his ears were ringing in the most horrible way.
"I forgive you. Of course I will forgive you. " He whispered, sorely, hoping that maybe, just maybe, Sherlock would wake up if he said these words. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. " His tears continued.
"John, I know you don't want to hear this now. But-" His skin crawled as he dug into it uncomfortably. "I'm so sorry John. I'm so so sorry for the things I've done to you. " He gulped. "And to Mary. " He looked down, feeling his body slowing down, sluggishly.
Concussion, brain swelling, lack of oxygen, possible nerve damage from shot, loss of blood.
Concussion, he mumbled.
There was a tense minute of silence when John heart stopped as he controlled and stilled his breathing, a pain in his chest that grounded him like never before.
A second, two seconds.
Soon enough, there was a soft breath of sigh as the bed rustles. John scoots himself closer to Sherlock as the arm round his waist tightens. John's hand that was slack on the bed rises and drags itself across the silk and up, his palm resting on the flat of Sherlock's back. There was a kiss on the forehead, soft and comforting and so very much needed.
"Are you alright? " The voice, John, speaks again, softly and filled to the brim with care and love and worry.
They both went back to their respective bedrooms, minds somewhere far away.
Sherlock looked at him, his jaw near slackening as he raised his eyebrows in question.
There was an explosion.
Mycroft’s heart throbs at the sight as he bends down and easily scoops Sherlock up, hugging him close.
Sherlock nodded quickly, his bed of curls flopping as he did so.
Cold dread, silence, something at the back of his mind. John isn’t replying, isn’t reacting, doesn’t want- He mistook- No, no no no no no take it back take it back and suddenly,
"I'm saying if I do die, don't get too upset yeah? "
“Love? It’s time for work. Come on, get your lazy butt off.”
“Actually, you know what? Ignore me.” Sherlock whispered as he scrunched his eyebrows up, disregarding Lestrade’s comments. He walked steadfast to John’s placing.
John grasped Sherlock tightly as he laid him on his lap, doing a once over, checking Sherlock's injuries. A shot to the thigh and a head wound. It was the head wound that was really scaring john, the amount of blood, head wounds produce a lot of blood, but this. This was an amount that was unbelievable in its own standards.
He limped, dragging his feet as fast as he could as he used his hands to dig through the ragged debris, to get Sherlock out of the rubble.
“You.” He said, a small quirk of a smile on his face as his hand unconsciously landed on the nape of his neck. “It was you.” He said again, looking down at the floor, almost bashfully.
“No, no of course not Sherlock, don’t you sleep now.”
Not good, it was not good.
Sherlock!
Sherlock is back with John. The feeling of warmth and joy and the dream like feeling made Sherlock go mad, and Sherlock kissed John for the first time. Definitely, with sincerity and love and everything that he had ever wanted to tell John. So everything was perfect and John and Sherlock was tied with a red string of fate. Sherlock had never felt so complete, so happy that he realized this must be what had been missing all those years. A man named John Watson.
Blue, like the calm and deep of the ocean, like the vastness of the sky and beyond.
At age 62,
“Yeah right.” John snorted teasingly as he allowed Sherlock some space. “It’s late, we’ll talk more about this tomorrow.” John suggested.
"I will go to the village tomorrow morning, I will take you with me to Mr. Trevur."
"You heard me, undress" suddenly his face became serious.
"Not at all, you have this extraordinary ability to make me understand that you're sorry, without making me feel pitied."
"Absolutely ma'am" and we walked to the kitchen down the hallway.
"Where did you find it?" Asked Dougal.
We returned home in silence and as soon as we got out of the castle, we saw that some men were playing with clubs and a ball, it looked like cricket even though I have to say it was slightly more violent. Dougal grabbed a club and literally threw himself into the melee, Sherlock was also there, trying to hit the ball. After the game, I returned to my lab to prepare my medical preparations and powders.
In the afternoon Frank heard from the reverend that he had discovered more information about his ancestor and so I stayed alone at the tavern. Suddenly, however, I wanted to go back to the stone circle, so I took Frank's car straight to the hill.
I knew where I was, but in what period? Judging by clothes and weapons, I knew that we were around the eighteenth century. When I peered over the desk, I saw a letter dated 1743. Scotland was already part of Britain.
"Unfortunately, I have to find a way to get to Inverness as soon as possible," I hurried to add.
"I begged him to let her go and instead tore her clothes off. It was clear that the message is what happens if you oppose the English. So he whipped me in front of Molly. He wanted her to entertain him in the bedroom, but I told her not to. Even if he meant seeing me killed in front of her eyes.
"I was saying how much this evening Miss Leary is beautiful do not you find Mr. Holmes too ?!" I asked in a mischievous tone. Holmes did not even look at the girl as he answered in a neutral tone.
"I must admit that I am also surprised by your form. Given those old war wounds. "I was petrified by his words, my blood froze. Sherlock used this moment to attack me, in time to parry the blow and return the gesture by attacking him.
"And do you think this depended on demons?"
"I think I could save his life, the boys ingested this leaf. It is lily of the valley is practically the same as the bear's garlic, only that this is poisonous. I can give Tamas an antidote for the poison but we have to hurry, "I announced.
"Well," so saying threw him the rest of his clothes. As I felt the look of the young man scrutin me intrigued, I strained not to meet his gaze. I was afraid he might notice my profound distress.
"Do you happen to have honey?" I asked, confidently.
"What-" I could not finish the question.
"There's nothing to do at the hour I'll have to put it back in force," added one of the men.
(> - <)
"It seems that the captain has commanded Fort William's fortress for about five years, it seems that they have raged against the Scots on behalf of the Crown," said the Reverend.
"Thanks for the hospitality of Victor and for these", I hastened to say.
"Where are the lights of the city? I don't see anything! "I asked the young man.
"Well now that I have won, you will be good and you will come with me," he told me with a tone of superiority and I took the opportunity to trip him and drop him to the ground by placing the blade of the sword at his neck.
"Do you really believe that demons live in this place?" I did not expect Holmes to believe certain legends.
After a few minutes, a voice disturbed my rest.
"I really do not think of this subject."
"Obstruction? It does not seem such a serious crime ".
"We do not need a healer here!" The groom said abruptly.
When I was dressed and washed, I went to my clinic. By now it had become my routine. I was good at the task I had been given. The healer before me possessed herbs and powders, which could be very useful for me in the future. I also studied some of his notes on some plants that I did not even know existed.
"Your secret is safe with me"
Sherlock waited a moment before getting up and offering me a hand to get up. He approached my ear slightly and felt his breath on my neck, and a chill ran through my body.
Frank caught in my tone a mischievous vein approached me slowly and with one hand he brushed my side and I knew immediately that he had noticed missing something. On my face, a big smile was printed.
"Oh... well I feel like I have to take a bath" I added.
"Frank... oh Frank... I'm about to…--"
"Sherlock, you can call me Sherlock, John"
"No boys here. Sherlock is better left to his thoughts today. "
I often found myself observing them, studying them as if they were a very close group, even if you have my eyes there were a band of drunkards. It seemed that a deep code of honor bound them between them. As I had also felt during the war the bond that is created on the battlefield is deep enough to compare it to a blood bond between brothers. Indestructible.
"My brother has his opinions about you, but this is my decision."
"Seriously?" I said with a laugh.
"Where I come from, things are a bit different," I admitted, looking out the window.
(>-<)
"How long will he have to stay there?" I asked Holmes.
"Of course. I do not care, I want to get out of here and I will. Now if you will excuse me, I return to my escape, "so saying I went back to one of the horses.
"You can say it strong John."
So, saying, Victor left, leaving me alone with my thoughts. Later that evening, all the warriors of the MacKenzie clan would gather in the salon to swear loyalty to Colum. Nobody would be interested in the stables. I was almost ready.
"Are you not eating enough?" Asked Victor curiously.
We headed towards the stalls in silence. I began to feel a tone of unease in his company.
"I believe that there are powers that go beyond cognition. Beyond what we can see, touch, feel. Demons, fairies, the devil does not care what we call them. But at least in magic do you believe it? "
My heart jumped and in my mind the fear of being discovered again and therefore of not succeeding in my undertaking, made my blood freeze. Without saying anything, I abandoned my dish on the ground and walked away.
Unfortunately, the reality was another.
Frank had thrown himself on the bed, and had started hopping by sitting and the bed was emitting a very irritating squeaking.
"Damn me and my hot head," I thought to myself.
"Of course!", I knew what I had to give to the boy, to make him recover.
"So, you need a horse ?!"
"Of course, where would the challenge be?"
"Goodbye John, have a good trip". And we said goodbye and once in my rooms I found myself crying.
Chapter 4
"Relax Johnny..." and put his toe close to my entrance and began to push, calmly drew his finger and repositioned it, so on until there were three in me.
"God bless you," Mrs. Hadson told me.
"Not bad for being a kid, you have grit, I grant you but it is not enough in a real duel", I took him in.
Castle Leoch
"Hold this on her door, get out the door and knock the heels three times, saying aloud - there's no place like love-"
"The Duke of Sandringham?"
"People believe that the boy is owned John. Challenge yourself at your own risk. I will not approach him and you should not do it either. "
"It does not matter, it will be fine. I need very little. "
"Yes, during the war it was difficult to find any good, with the leaves of Earl Gray you can not understand anything when you try to read," I lifted the Sgurado on the lady.
"It already hurts to sit" a deep voice echoed in the hut, I felt a dip in the stomach to the sound of that voice, while it continued ", ... I can not keep in the saddle."
"I did not mean to offend you, I just thought you helped a lot of people and I could come and ask you for help on the subject."
"You do not help these people, rather robbed them. Take high payments to these people who have nothing to survive and are not ashamed of you. You make me sick, "I was angry and my tongue could not keep silent.
"I'm sorry, I've been curious," I hurried to say.
The groom went to the last stable of the stable, to show me the horse assigned to me.
"Fillies? Alec is looking after the fillies now? "Asked a man next to him, whom I knew but whose name I could not remember.
"Near the brook he was talking to a certain captain of our acquaintance, but it did not seem to me one of them."
"Okay then let's see how good you are with the sword, Mr. I know everything," I took one of the swords placed in the stable's arsenal and pointed it at him.
"Well this is the right spirit." In doing so, he grabbed the port and clung to the bottle and I spit the back of my mouth behind me.
Sherlock brought his face close to mine and whispered: "They kept me in jail." I gave a half smile.
(-.-)
"Shut up or I'll cap that stinking mouth to the sound of fists is that clear?!" threatened him annoyed. He lowered a deep silence while I finished arranging the bandage.
"So soon?" said the Reverend?
"I can do very well even alone. As soon as I've finished eating, "I said, but evidently too late, since he had already finished.
I knew he was not wrong, but since I had embarked on this journey, I had lost appetite and every time I tried to eat a sense of nausea gripped me.
"You would never dare" I challenged him.
"Ah... is it a threat? After if you want to share a drink in agreement? "
"Yes, maybe with time. He lost a son last night, "while he was saying this, he made the sign of the cross, as if to exorcise the evil one.
"As your prisoner, you must say!" I said with all the contempt possible.
"You seem to have done it already" the baritone voice breathed me straight on the neck.
I had clear what my goal was, to escape as soon as possible to return to Frank.
"Goodbye Sherlock" I whispered away.
"You say unbecoming things to be a gentleman," I accused him staring at my feet, embarrassed by the atmosphere that had arisen.
"Well that's why I'm here to free you from this dark room."
"To tell the truth I was so weak that I could not stay in the saddle. Four years ago, it seems like a distant dream and yet ... well it went like this ", he stood up
"And who are you young man?" Asked the elderly lady approaching.
Hello everyone. I wanted to thank all those who have and are reading this story. But I'd like to know what you think. Let me know and see you soon.
"Is it Spanish?" He asked in a daze.
"If so commanded," he said with a satisfied grin, he was proud of putting me very uncomfortable, what a bastard.
"I have a very clear memory of you at the time," Leary had found the courage to speak.
"Could I give you a hand?" He grabbed the boy by the hair, and I pretended to faint, turning away the prying eyes of the spectators on me. While Holmes detached the nail from the ear of the young man, who soon escaped away to game levate.
Nobody would have come home if I had managed to implement my plan.
Author's corner !!
"Well then John Watson Moriarty, see you come back to me or I will be forced to join you and drag you with my hands home. Did you understand me?! "With these words he grabbed me firmly and kissed me with ardor, so as to fulfill the promise. When we parted and got on the train, looking out the window, I said:
"Not much, you have to be very careful you have enough to sleep a village until the next moon."
"And do not you mind that I see you?"
"You're very good, you know? You have a very light touch, to be a man. "
"Exact also known as Black Jack. A bold nickname that perhaps was given to him while he was here in 1740. The Reverend has found dispatches where the captain's real name appears. "
We reached the castle of Liocke, where I had been just two days before with Frank. At that moment I realised that my journey had just begun.
"Leary? You scared me."
I woke up with a start, who knows why my unconscious had made me dream that very memory, which occurred during the war. It had been hard for me to abandon the man I loved for an uncertain future under arms. But if I did not go down that road now, I would have been a different man.
"Last year I lived in the woods stealing cattle".
"No Absolutely," I felt quite offended by this accusation.
"I'm sorry but we should go or we'll only find leftovers for dinner," he said with a sarcastic note.
"I am the disciple of God, you do not have the authority to cast out the devil. Get out of this house immediately. "
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes, you took a big risk."
"I'm happy but I think it's time to go, now," I declared as I rose to go to the door.
"I do not think you're in the position of a winner. If you promise you'll be good and you'll be taken to your rooms, I can consider getting up. "
"This is my sister's house and it belonged to my father before her and we will decide what will be done under this roof. Take care of my nephew "Mrs. Hadson looked at me with determination. I went to get over the priest, when he grabbed me by the arm and whispered in his ear.
"Ah ... just the scars, you do not want me to know you were flogged."
Chapter 1
"Want to see ?!" His face clearly said he was not joking at all. I swallowed noisily.
The most logical thing I could do was to lower my head and wait for the research team that Frank had sent.
"I said let me go, this is vulgar and inappropriate" I made to get up but Sherlock grabbed my life and changed positions, finding himself now above me. The only thing I could see beyond his black curls was his mischievous eyes. I could feel my heart beating madly.
By late afternoon, the rain had dwindled to a steady drizzle.  He hoped his newly planted seeds hadn’t washed away.  He didn’t even want to think about the garden.  It had been filled with so much promise and now it just seemed...pointless.  Lestrade was probably right.  It wasn’t John’s place; he’d overstepped his bounds, meddled with something private.  He had, however, moved on.  Moved on from his bleak, lifeless slog, and he was a man again, not some soulless thing going through the motions.  He’d rediscovered the joy of living, and he’d be forever thankful to Sherlock for that.
Right from the first day it went on the market, Holmes Hall had a long line of interested parties which culminated in a bidding war.  Some Lord Someone-or-other offered an extra three-quarters of a million on top of the asking price; Sherlock and Mycroft couldn’t refuse the offer.
“Hmm?”
“Yeah,” he calls, hoping his voice is steady.  “Be right out.  Thanks.”
“Colleagues,” said a woman who was brushing Barbara’s sweaty, powder-stained hair off her brow,  “we work at a primary school in Wakefield.”
“I see,” said John, not seeing. “A mind palace.”
“What on earth are they doing, John?”  Sherlock asked, completely baffled as he tried to make sense of a 5K Colour Run that had apparently taken over the Estate Grounds for the afternoon.  John could see the “start” and “finish” flags flapping across the large expanse of field.  The massive stately home sat perched on a hill above.
“Well bugger me,” swore Lestrade, hand on his hips as he stood in front of Sherlock’s roses, which were now a cornucopia of colour and scent.  He took off his cap, wiped his forehead, put his cap back on, and crossed his arms.
Mysteries, thought John after his dismissal.  The place was wrapped in secrets.
“Can you come this way?” John asked, running his hands over Sherlock’s back again.  He wanted to reach around and pinch his nipples, but Sherlock had now shifted forward, bracing his forearms on his legs.
“OK, OK. Oh...” John let his head fall back as Sherlock took him into his mouth.  John looked at the ornate ceiling before closing his eyes and surrendering to wet heat and suction.
_________________________________________________
John chuckled.  “God no. Just how many rooms are in this place?  I don’t think I have the stamina.”
As he returns the violin, Sherlock tries in vain to predict her movements, analyze her thought processes.  It’s like trying to read seven computer screens of code simultaneously.  She makes Irene Adler look dull in comparison.
Chapter 12: A confidante
John suffered through a relatively short week-long sexual identity crisis.  He had seen so many naked men; Sherlock’s flesh, however, held secrets John found himself longing to uncover: taste, scent, texture.  Sometimes he felt like a teenager all over again, body singing with the desire to rut and come.  Sherlock’s body was definitely male - but it was
Owens finally looked up, his grey eyes stormy.  He said nothing, but his lips pulled back into a sneer.  John felt his heart pounding, wondering if he were going to have to restrain either (or both) of them.
“You done in there?”
Sherlock nodded toward a table on the far side of the room, and then made a visible effort to get out of bed, taking the dirty bowl with him.  He paused by the bathroom door as John began to pull off the sheets.  “I’ve just met you,” he said, still looking rather out of his element.
John didn’t get better.  He was shot in late August.  By early October he was expected to walk without a limp and to have regained most of the range of motion in his arm, but the three weeks he spent at Headley Court in rehabilitation were fruitless.  His shoulder refused to cooperate and the tremor in his left hand that flared up when he was angry or stressed, which was most of the time.  He hated everyone in the ward without a legitimate reason.  He did his physiotherapy with a clenched jaw. He had even earned himself a special note in his defence patient tracking chart that designated him as “difficult” and “angry” and “having trouble adjusting” to his injury. The blue rubber resistance band he had to use during physio endured a great deal of verbal punishment for simply existing.  His sister, Harriet, visited exactly once after he ignored her attempts of offering comfort.  Despite the Royal Centre for Defence Medicine’s attempts at maintaining a “military atmosphere,” John had flatly refused to make friends.  He didn’t even know where the rage came from.  At night, he sweated through his bedclothes and woke his neighbours with his nightmares.  He was diagnosed with PTSD and depression.  Eventually he stopped swearing in favour of silent self-loathing.
“OK, right.  Calm down.  I believe you, I do.  You’ll have to tell me your plan.  I have no idea how to investigate something like this.  Or investigate anything, really.  From what I’ve heard about your dad, everyone liked him.  You don’t think he had any enemies who would want to see him dead?  Or incapacitated, if he had fallen and broken a few bones or something?  Brain damaged? Unable to make sound decisions for the family?”
Well, that was true.  “Just let me get this straight.  All you want me to do is to stay.  Keep myself occupied during the day, and sleep lightly at night in case I might be summoned to do your bidding.”  He’d meant it as a bit of a joke, but Mr. Holmes showed no signs of interpreting it that way.
“That is not what I asked.”  Another long pause.  “Dr. Watson, I assure you that there is no need for a deadly weapon within Holmes Hall, regardless of what you think you might have heard.  But if you really would like to, you may use a shotgun for hunting. My father’s over-under is in the study.  We have an abundance of pheasant, and if you’re keen you may hunt on the property.  Rabbits are plentiful, and there are foxes that are occasionally troublesome, as well.  I must caution you, however, that under no circumstances should you keep a weapon in your room or carry it while fulfilling your security duties.  If I find that you do so, you will find yourself facing more dire consequences than simply having your contract terminated.  And trust me, Doctor, I will know if you do.  Now.  If your trigger finger’s feeling...neglected...take it out on the birds.  Or there’s a shooting range a few miles east.”
“Hey mate, that’s for employees only,” said the other barman.  John gave him a look that spoke volumes and he backed off, raising his hands in a placating gesture.
“Something that I think you’ll like, and I haven’t found the right time to…”
“Sure,” John called back.  He half-saluted as Lestrade disappeared around the corner.
“Can you think about the case now?”
John chuckled.  What the hell, indeed.  He stripped off his clothes, kicked them under a lounge chair, and stepped in, thanking all that was holy that the water was opaque with whatever mineral concoction Lillian treated it with.  He sat opposite Sherlock, who was still leaning back with his eyes closed.  His neck went on
Over the course of a few weeks, however, John’s body accepted Sherlock’s bed as his own, was comforted by the familiar smell of the sheets.  He woke less and slept better.  Sometimes Sherlock would come and sleep for a few hours and then wake up again, and John was none the wiser.
He placed the owl and its wings --he’d fix it later-- on the mantlepiece and turned back to the rest of the box’s contents.  It was then that he noticed the item wrapped in tissue. The paper came away in his hands and there was an object he had never held before.  He stood staring at it for a moment before it clicked: a muff, Victorian-style.  1950s.  Fur.  Black silk lining.  Extremely high quality.  And never worn.
“Jesus, Sherlock,
Sam groaned.  “Fookin’ hell love, I hope it’s only chocolate.”
Mrs. Hudson was nowhere to be found, so he ate his breakfast alone.  The surgery was busy but not too stressful, and he was pleased to find that the weather was beautiful when he was finished.  A gentle but steady breeze had dried up most of the rain, and everything looked especially green.
“Well, I’m not retiring yet,” Sherlock says.  “But…”  He thinks, looks to John and back to her.  “We still have the upstairs room.  You’ll need to take the tube to get to school, but if you wanted to…”
John groaned and closed his eyes.  He envisioned himself spread out on a blanket, naked, the sun silhouetting Sherlock, who lay above him, arms on either side of him as they made love among the flowers…
“Ah.  I see.  And you consider that person to be a friend and are unwilling to sacrifice your friendship in case you are romantically rejected.”
feel Sherlock’s penetrating stare from across a room.  (Sherlock would often complain,
John’s mouth was too occupied to respond, but he was filled with knowledge that he had complete control over Sherlock at the moment, the man who never trusted anyone but himself, the man who loathed the touch of others, was allowing him to perform this most intimate of acts... That knowledge was electric, heady.
“She did study in China.”
Sherlock shrugs.
“I’d be pissed off, too,” said Lestrade as he sipped his ale.  “I
“Have you had unprotected sex?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed; his lips pressed together.  “We?”  His voice was razor-sharp.
“Molly is helpful and... kind.”
“Go and get me one of those now,” said Mr. Chapman, and John retrieved a jar of the golden liquid from its display.  “Crusty bugger yells at me every day about eating it myself and forgetting to pay.  Helps with allergies, you know.”  He winked.  “Sherlock used to love the stuff.  Archibald bought a jar nearly every week.”
Well, this was new.  Lestrade had been pretty buttoned-up about his personal life until now.  “No,” John replied, getting comfortable on the ground.  He couldn’t kneel like Lestrade on account of his bad leg, but if he sat with it out to the side, he could still manage to get at the dead plants.
“I’m warning you, Rosie…”
“Butcher in Leeds.  Helped him find a stolen chihuahua once.  His daughter’s boyfriend had taken off with it.  He’s been appreciative ever since.”
“But...”
In which Sherlock throws a tantrum, John uncovers a secret, and certain people get naked.
“Stop.  Just...stop, Sherlock.”  John scrubbed a hand over his face.
John found his heart beating faster than usual, excitement coursing through his veins.  “Let’s go after him.”
Five minutes ago, however, Sherlock entered Willow Cross’ honeymoon suite with a distinct frown.  His eyes, darting around the room, taking in every detail as he did every time he entered a new space, took on a vaguely horrified look, and he turned promptly and locked himself in the bathroom. (John didn’t even bother how he knew which door led to where - there were several.)
Sherlock flung open the door.  He looked manic, eyes wide and hair in disarray.
I gently remove my fingers from him, I fumble for the oil, and turn him over so I can have better access to that beautiful backside.  I have to be careful with this because if I am too enthusiastic I’ll ram my cock right into him, and he trusts me not to hurt him.  I pour more oil over his cleft and slot myself in so that I rub just between his cheeks, against that loosened hole.  I know I might be smothering him, but it’s not going to take long.  I kiss his shoulderblades, run my hands over his arms and grab at his hands a moment, linking our fingers together, my large ones over his small.  Moving my hips slowly, I create enough friction to build an orgasm rather quickly.  Panting into his neck, I focus on the pleasure, on the tightness in my groin and slipperiness of my cock against the sparse hair between his cheeks. I’m so close, my love.
Sherlock whirled around and stared at the two of them.  “Apperantlhy I
“What could you possibly need from me at 3am?”  Then, sitting up, “Did you solve the case?”
They both had a good laugh over the items to be binned: an appalling pair of 70s curtains, sheer orange with brown dangly-ball trim;  threadbare towels; a stained string vest; broken sunglasses; two headless Barbie dolls and a tin full of seed packets that were at least a decade old (she’d wondered where they’d gone).
His arm is over my waist.  I take his hand and place it over where I ache.  For I do ache now. I throb.
Sherlock trained his unusual eyes on the police officer.
He pulled out as gently as he could and moved off Sherlock a bit, and lay there, face down and halfway draped over his lover, who was still trembling.  He rubbed his face into Sherlock’s shoulder and just existed for a moment, before Sherlock extricated himself, rolled over, and pulled John to his chest.
He picked one up, frowning, turning it over in his hands and read the ingredients: grapeseed, coconut, jojoba, and sweet almond oils.  Intended to “penetrate deeply” and be “intensely moisturizing” while “providing a thoroughly enjoyable massage experience”.   It was also completely organic and edible.  Oh boy.  It had been years since John had had a proper massage - and by proper, he meant one given by a girl, usually before sex.  He had only had deep tissue massage in physiotherapy for his shoulder - and that wasn’t “enjoyable.”  It fucking hurt.  It might be nice to have someone else’s hands on that shoulder now, big hands, strong enough to ease the stiffness but soft enough to feel good.... An oil like this, he thought, would likely be very nice for wanking.  Would beat the hell out of soap, mineral oil, or spit, at least.
John swallowed, looked at his hand in its tantalising location.  “Talk.”
“Is the bed comfortable?”
She gave him a look of feigned acceptance.  “Well, if you should need my services for
Owens shrugged.  “Plenty, really.  Got my chickens, and the garden.  Lots of us kids around when I was young.”  He thought some more, at least attempting to make conversation.  “I go shooting sometimes,” he added.  “At the gun club.”
“And neither do I.”
“Ros will be at university soon…”
“Mr. Holmes.”
Other men may have complimented John’s balls in jest, but Sherlock was literally paying his respects.  He was worrying the thin skin of the scrotum between his lips, gently sucking each teste into his mouth, tonguing in between them; now, his hands moving from John’s hips to manipulate and fondle.  No devotee, however, ever made
Sherlock nodded, then jogged ahead.  John waited five minutes, then got back on his bike and slowly pedalled toward Owens’ cottage.  The tyre was flat within moments, and he had to get off and push.  He went slowly, checking his watch every few minutes, listening for cars, and trying to ignore the sheep that seemed to be staring at him as if they knew what he was up to.
So John went.  He walked down several paths that would have fit well in
“Well,” said Sherlock, disentangling himself.  “We’ll have to repeat that.  I was looking at you when you did it.”
“It sounds like your grandmother didn’t know your sister well,” said Sherlock.
you, John.  I chose you as my friend.  I chose you as my flatmate.  I’ve chosen you as my lover.  Decisions that were not come by lightly, might I add.  To be honest, John, I’m not even sure loving you is a choice anymore.  I’ve given you my heart.  I can tell you I’ve been assured by many people that I don’t even have one.  It was mine, and mine only, and I have never once wanted to share.  Until you.  You’re more than adequate; I never settle for anything.  You are exceptional.  He stopped talking and swallowed hard.
Stunned at what might have been Harry’s first act of kindness toward him in years, he acquiesced and silently collected his few belongings and stuffed them into his army rucksack.  His small collection of cutlery and kitchen things he left, along with his bedding.  He loaded his bag into the boot of Harry’s battered Fiesta and endured Beth Ditto playing loudly enough that they didn’t have to talk.  When Harry finally pulled up to her flat, she switched off the ignition and sat there, tears in her eyes.
http://www.combatstress.org.uk/veterans/treatment-centres/ptsd-intensive-treatment-programme/
“Where are we going?” John asks as they step outside.
He leaves it on the kitchen worktop once.  Alone in the flat, John picks it up, turns it in his hand.  It’s very large, and cold.  He raises it to his lips and blows in it.  No sound comes out.  He tries again to vibrate his lips, and fails.  His third attempt is more successful and the mouthpiece makes a little farting noise that sounds nothing like the big, rotund sound Sherlock coaxes forth from the tuba entire.
John managed to have a lover or two, ones Sherlock didn’t deem unacceptable, and life continued.
Owens grunted something in response and moved an oil can so he could open a cupboard.
The tiles have warmed beneath my feet; I can nearly picture John here, standing under cool water, washing himself perfunctorily, avoiding his genitals on purpose.  To borrow one of my friend’s favourite expressions,
he thinks.  He'd very much like to kiss John.
The wind continued to blow.  A flock of geese flew overhead, heading toward the pond they’d walked by earlier.  Birds sang and squirrels scurried and John’s heart pounded with new knowledge.  He stood, ready to head back, when Sherlock grabbed his hand and pulled him back down.
torment her,” Sherlock said, the quirk of his lips betraying his serious tone.
When he could breathe again, he turned his attention to his lover.  He was attempting to give a better blowjob than he had the first time, although it appeared Sherlock couldn’t tell any difference.  He writhed and panted on the sofa, trying to keep his hips still (John found out he’d have to work on his gag reflex), moaning every time John tongued his frenulum.  Sherlock watched the entire thing, too, eyes dark and intense.  He trembled as he grew closer to orgasm, and right before he came he said, “I can’t wait until you play with my arse” in that deep, sensual voice of his.
Intolerable Sex Kink
John thought Sherlock was as excited about the boots as someone would be to find out he had won a large sum of money in the lottery, or better yet, a child who had just been given a long-wanted toy.
“On my back.  I want to see you, this first time.”
The road was bumpy.  They bounced up and down, the movement causing sweet friction, and desire, long-forgotten desire, blossomed in his groin.  “Hold tight,” said the voice-rumble.  “Move with me.”
“Hm?”
“Well, he’s kept it a secret all these years.  Why would he just decide to be forthright now?”
“Never mind.  Just.  Forget about it.  It’s fine.”  She gets up.
“Yeah, but how did you know it was me?” John asked, ignoring the fact that Sherlock likely knew all of his mastrubatory habits. “Maybe someone else was looking at it. You couldn’t have known that I was looking at all that crap.”
She smiled sadly.  “I’m so sorry, John.  They told me what happened to your team.  Murray didn’t make it.”
Sherlock’s eyes had gone a bit wide as John’s hands skirted lower, pulling at a belt.  “And what?”
“Turn over.  Scoot up.”
He turned.  Sherlock had put the goggles on and pushed them up.  His hair stood out comically around them.  “Yeah?”
“Miles Donovan does not use social media,” Sherlock said, getting under the covers. “I doubt he’s in Leeds.  There’s a Miles Donovan in Camber Sands and another in Accrington.  I called Mycroft.  He can have one of his minions run a DBS check on him so we can see his criminal history.”
What he actually did say was, “Sherlock Holmes, you are fucking a muff.”
“How’s the thinking?”
.  Stupid traitorous bodies.    “OK, you’ve twigged it.  Doesn’t make it any less awful.”
So bloody hot. Dust everywhere.
The stretch was a bit uncomfortable, but not unbearable.  He lay still and tried to relax as his body adjusted.
Sherlock scowled.  “I like it.  And I’m feeling rather possessive.”
John could picture it now, Sherlock poking at the silly, fuzzy restraints (a gag gift, actually, that he’d kept just in case he might need such a thing) as most people would prod a dead animal.  His phone buzzed again, this time with just a single word:
Sherlock awoke with a flutter of eyelids and smacking of lips before he stretched and sat up, unfolding John’s jacket and returning it.  John took it and placed it over his lap.  He could feel its warmth bleeding through his jeans.
Mrs. Hudson stood at the stove, frying eggs, bacon, and sausages. John’s mouth watered.  “It’ll be just a moment,” she said.  “You two sit down and have some tea.”  An elegant china teapot sat on the table.
John returned home from work to find Sherlock tinkering in what used to be Mycroft’s office.
John laughed out loud, nervously, and rolled over.  Actually, the thought of someone rubbing their face on him seemed rather erotic.  He imagined a scenario: something dirty and unsafe.  A club, then.  Toilet stall.  Back against the cold metal.  Someone kneeling.  Not sucking, not yet, but rubbing his cock all over their face, mouthing it, breathing on it, kissing his groin, leaving traces of fairy-dust on the soft, smooth skin above his pubic hair while a rhythmic bass line thumped through the wall.
.  John gulped in air and tried to calm down.
“Sally Donovan,” he read.  “She wants to meet up.”
Sherlock tapped his head.  “In here,” he said sarcastically.
“John.
“What are you going to do if she comes at you with loads of needles?” John asked around a mouthful of salade Niçoise,  “What if she does a Vulcan nerve pinch on you that renders you unable to move?”
If the other VIP rooms were impressive, this one was jaw-dropping.  John wasn’t sure if he had left the spa for a moment and was magically transported to some exotic jungle retreat.  The room had been completely transformed from what had, at some point, been some kind of greenhouse.  The glass ceiling was still there, although it was mostly hidden by a vine that grew up and over and was covered with fairy lights, a few hanging lanterns and a riot of purple bougainvillea.  There was tropical greenery everywhere, especially around what seemed to be the bathing area, which was entirely paved with limestone.  There was a massage table at one end, and what looked like a small bed canopied with white gauze at the other.
“I could probably get you something if you come with me tomorrow to the clinic and I…”
“Is there something…”
Sherlock shrugged, clearly proud of himself for making John laugh.  “How’s your shoulder?” he asked.
The man on the audio proved to be distracting.  The voice wasn’t close enough to Sherlock’s, and he didn’t want to feel rushed.  Pulling the earphones out with slippery fingers, John figured he would just imagine a scenario himself.  He was a bit of a writer, after all, and he knew Sherlock better than anyone else did.
“Only if I can,” John replied.
“What about them?”  Something told John he was heading into dangerous territory.  Surely Sherlock wouldn’t go
“How many times have you had this particular massage?”  Sherlock asked, coming to squat down next to the woman.  John tried not to roll his eyes at his friend’s feigned concern - Sherlock was in the wrong line of work.  The man deserved an Oscar.
“Well,” he said, “I never thought I’d see this again.  And in such vigour, too.”
“Yes, I know,” replied Sherlock, stepping yet further into Owens’ house.  Owens kept his hand on the doorknob, his eyebrows drawn together in utter befuddlement.  Sherlock then turned the corner and went into the sitting room.  Owens had no choice but to follow.
“Another time,” said Sherlock.  He suddenly sounded tired, as if the revelation had stolen all of his emotional energy.  It probably had.   “To be honest with you, I am not sure how to approach this situation.  Mycroft said, ‘use discretion’, which you know is not exactly my strong suit.  The best way we can see the inner workings of the spa is by being clients.  You are right that I am finding this whole business of ‘pampering’ and grooming interesting, but I am uncomfortable with the idea of being an active participant.”
John left, completely floored by what had just happened.  Mystery solved, at least.  So this was the younger brother with issues.  Big issues, from the looks of it.  If he wanted to detox in misery, so be it.  It wasn’t any of John’s business.  He had his own issues, thank you very much.
“The gardeners’, then?”
“She died when I was quite young.  Cancer,” said Owens.  He took another sip of his beer.  John didn’t think he was enjoying it all that much.  “But she did.”
“She called me a mean, grouchy old arsehole.”
I have to think about this, remember my brother lording over the dessert table and my success at eating the slimy thing.  I would have preferred the chocolate, enjoyed it melting on my tongue, the balance between the bitterness of the cocoa and richness of the butter.  The sensuality of it.  But the oyster was sensual in its own way; it was then an intellectual triumph, my mind’s mastery of the transport.
Sherlock frowned, and picked a flower of his own, turning it this way and that.  “That’s a completely ridiculous way of determining whether or not someone has romantic feelings toward you,” he said at length.  “First of all, it’s faulty.  The result is solely dependant on whether there is an even or odd number of petals; in other words, simple mathematics.  Furthermore, the number of petals a flower has is not necessarily determined by species or genetics.  This daisy may have 24, and that one 25.  You could also change your results simply by beginning with ‘he loves me not’ instead of ‘he loves me.’”
He raised an eyebrow.  “Except for…?”
“What is all this?”
Sherlock let out a low moan before completely giving in to his body’s baser instincts.  The next thing he knew, John was trying not to get pushed into the headboard.  Sherlock was making a holy racket above him, grunting like some kind of beast.  Good God, it was sexy.  John let his eyes roll back into his head at the intensity.  Between a stimulated prostate, the friction of the sheets against his cock, and the heavy, solid, muscular form of Sherlock sweating against his back, he did his best to hang on.  It might not have been more than minute of frantic, forceful coupling before Sherlock lost it, groaning “Oh
“You love it.”
“Good.  I think.”  He frowned momentarily.  “Right.  Let’s get dressed.  Judging by the light, it’s nearly morning.  And while I fully appreciate your current state, I don’t believe you are too keen on being caught with an erection twice in twenty-four hours.  It really is a spectacular member,” he continued, climbing out of the pool, his own cock still standing proudly.  “I simply cannot wait to get my hands - or my mouth - on it.”  He gave John a wink and walked, confident and dripping wet, toward his clothing.
“Yes,” John whispered back, wriggling the rest of the way out of his bottoms and pushing his hips back.
“It will take you that long to solve it?” John asked with a smile as he crammed the last of the scone into his mouth.
was a proper date with Sherlock.
“Did Maggie know the whereabouts of your father?”
Sherlock groaned and opened his eyes to find John slightly out of breath, staring at him with dark eyes.  A kiss was in order, and a kiss was had before Sherlock managed to move them both.  With reverent hands, Sherlock took John’s hard cock and guided it to where the edge of the muff rested against his balls.  With a bit of repositioning, he managed to get John inside as well.
“I want to tell you something.  I…”  Sherlock’s voice was soft and hesitant.  “I want you to know that…”
“No.  I like it.  To be all warm under the covers when it’s cold outside.  Feels cosy.”
jeopardise success.  But John is worth it.  He is not a convenient body to have sex with, I remind myself.  He is my partner, my friend, my lover.  Maybe one day, something more.  (The jury’s still out on that.)
“It depends if he still does the same type of work.  But it’s probable.  If he finds the brand comfortable with his particular foot condition, I’d say he was likely to continue to buy them.”
A few days later, John realized Sherlock had never returned the handkerchief, and for some reason, he didn’t feel the need to ask.
Sherlock chuffed a bit and rubbed his head over the now-solid bulge in John’s pants.  The movement lifted John from a haze of expensive booze and priceless emotion.  “It’s too bad you couldn’t actually get one.  That thing with the feet.  Wow.  You know, I was thinking about you, you great  idiot, when I, uh, you know.”
Sally sighed.  “It was awful for them.  Truly awful.  To dredge all that up again…”
“OK.  Well, have fun contemplating the futility of existence,” he said as he gathered the breakfast tray and hobbled toward the door.
“Mmm?”
John sighed as Sherlock dug through the box, inspecting each bag, eyes lighting up at some.  “Ooh,” he said, delighted, “an extra skin sample!  I love it when Sammy sends bonuses.”
“Is that why…” John nodded toward the door  “...all the drugs?”
John nodded and felt a pang of nostalgia for his university days, when he learned the mysteries of the human body, its physiology, anatomy, and biochemistry.  He was so young and eager, so desperate to get away from his family and make something of himself.
Rosie jumps down from where she was sitting on the worktop.  “No, dad.  No scheming.  Promise.”
Well, that was something.  John’s eyes widened, but he kept staring out the window.
“Faux fur,” he said after John had curled up next to him.
“Over here is the leisure lagoon,” she continued, gesturing towards the back of the room.  This pool was much more private than the first one they’d seen; no natural light reached here.  It was lit mainly with hanging lanterns and shrouded in steam coming from opaque, turquoise water.  A young couple had situated themselves in a corner, smiling coyly at one another.  “This one’s  pleasantly warm but not scorching; we add minerals to help relax the muscles and purify it with salt instead of chlorine.  Not for swimming, obviously,” she added, smiling, before continuing on.  John lingered - he wouldn’t mind plopping in now and staying there the rest of the night.
John shook his head in the negative.
“Well that’s odd, Mrs. Hudson, since last night there was someone making a hell of a racket, screaming, and if you tell me that it was Mycroft Holmes having a bit of a nightmare, I won’t believe you.”
John actually snorts.
“Important things, Sherlock!”
John shrugged.  He jogged occasionally, but he’d never really seen the appeal of organized races.  “At least it gets people interested in fitness,” he attempted to explain.  “Gives people a reason to exercise, disguises it as fun.  A good excuse to get dirty and act like a child.  Maybe raise money for charity or something.”
John let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding.  Under the weight of Sherlock’s head, he felt his cock, which hadn’t been completely flaccid all evening, leap a bit.  Sherlock must have felt it, too, for he hummed appreciatively.
“To be honest,” said John, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t interrupt, “I’m really curious about the art of massage.  I was shot in the shoulder a few years ago and have a bit of a dodgy leg.  I did some physio a while ago, but haven’t kept it up.  Willing to try something new to help through the rough patches.  I’m a doctor and would really like to give accurate advice when my patients ask whether massage is truly therapeutic.  Sherlock here - well, he can just never seem to relax.”
“But he’s not.”
as they walked, or if they sat just a bit closer than usual on the train, or if they did have to look at one another with slightly love-struck eyes just to make sure the other was still there, that yes, indeed, this weekend had really happened, well, that was just the way it was, and it was, above all, simple.  And so, John was enormously happy.
John awakens, just enough to reach out not an elbow, but a hand, and push him over to his side, then snuggles up behind him.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock whispered.  “Christ, John.  I can feel you in me, so hard.  So...hot.  You’re so beautiful.  More.”  He reached his own hand down between them to touch himself, softly at first.  John had to change positions a bit to accommodate him.  He’d begun to rotate his hips a bit on every thrust in, encouraged by the grunts of pleasure Sherlock was making.  John had known Sherlock would be vocal in bed, but there was something so masculine, nearly animal in nature - not the breathy pants or orgasmic screams of a woman, but the sounds of a man lost in the throes of pleasure.  Just thinking about it would get John hard years into the future: Sherlock’s own sex soundtrack.
When John finally reaches Baker Street and lets himself in, he feels completely knackered, turned inside out and wrung dry, for reasons he can’t quite understand.  A shower, then.  A shower, a wank, and a good night’s sleep.
Sherlock knitted those eyebrows together, the little wrinkle forming horizontally between them.  “Should I?  They are rather sizeable.”
“You know,” said John, an idea forming in his mind as he got up to go back to his room for the night, “you really do have interesting stories.  Maybe I...I have a blog, you see.  I’m supposed to write as a form of therapy.  I’ve found I don’t really have much to say.  I don’t consider myself much of a writer.  Nothing much happens to me.   But, if you don’t mind, I could write up one of your cases.  And then you could post it?  Maybe generate a client or two.”
John and trusted him to take care of his little brother.  John was sure the elder Holmes also knew his deeper feelings for Sherlock, but if he did, he never let on.  John wished he could put more faith in Mycroft, but his allegiances were devoted to Sherlock, no matter how good Mycroft’s intentions were.  The brothers used each other as they saw fit.  John sometimes felt a bit of pity at their estrangement, but, as he knew from experience, sibling relationships were far from easy.  Especially when one of them was a brilliant addict and the other wielded an enormous amount of power.
“Don’t think that’s going to last long,” said John.  “Bet someone’s already taken it.”
With sudden resolve, John put his water bottle back in his backpack and set off back home.  Maybe he’d start small.  How to romance Sherlock Holmes?  Bring him a cadaver or mould cultures?  Take a stroll in the local graveyard?  Sneak him into a forbidden place?
“I used to live just west of here; I gave the place to my son a few years back.  Too hard to maintain at my age.”
“Oh God,” gasped Sherlock, and then reached down to pick John up so they were both kneeling.  Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s torso to keep himself steady and began to thrust in earnest.
‘Move’ was perhaps the wrong word.  ‘Undulated’ would have been more accurate.  ‘Danced,’ even.  What started as slow circles quickly graduated to a slow but thorough grinding.  Unable to get much leverage in the chair, John tried to stay still as Sherlock took his pleasure.
.  The black cloth cover was battered and faded, but the gold lettering was still fairly crisp and clear.  The date read 1895.  “Now,” said Mr. Chapman, “it’s not a first edition or anything, but it’s still highly collectable.”
Willow Cross was Britain's premier hotel and spa resort, winning awards left and right for accommodation and spa services.  The hotel itself was a nineteenth-century mansion and a Grade II listed building set on a sprawling 30-acre wooded estate.  Their prices were staggering.  Even if relaxing spa weekends were John’s thing - which they weren’t - he would have never been able to afford it.
“Wait,” he asked, opening his eyes again as she went to pull the curtain.  “Where’s Murray?  Is Murray here?”
Someone began singing (slightly off-key) along with the piano.  Mrs. Sandhurst looked toward the door.  “He’s awful, isn’t he?” she whispered.
There had been touching.  Hands to shoulders, fingertips to fingertips, arms touching as they sat together as they did now.  John wanted more.  What would it be like to strip it all away, the wool and cotton, to be skin to skin?  To hold Sherlock’s large, fine-boned hand in his own, to trace his brow with the backs of his fingers?  To hold him tight, to kiss his lips?  To be held down by someone so much taller than he was?  To massage his giant feet?  John smiled at the last image.  He loved Sherlock’s long, pale feet, so often on display around the flat.   What would it be like?  To make love with someone so much bigger than himself?
John sat up, gathering steam.  “You know what? I do.  And you know what else, Sherlock?  No fucking dog collars, and don’t tie me up.  I don’t like being tied up.  I think.”
I cannot resist -- back at it I go, with my whole mouth.  I nibble, suck, swipe my tongue around until John wiggles and says my name in a way that tells me to hurry it up.  Be patient, John.  Let me be thorough. I am enjoying myself.  Immensely.  I know he wants more, but I am content to tease his rim for a while, fucking him with my tongue before I use my fingers.
“Pardon?”
He leaned back, tugged the jacket down, and smiled wickedly.
“And when was that?”
“There’s more of them, then?”
John nodded, sighed, and reached for his credit card.
“Yes.”
“Is from behind OK?  Do you want to lie down?”
“Let me see that.”  John, disappointed and incredulous, stood up and read the document for himself.  “Bloody hell!” he said.  He ran his fingers through his hair before turning to Sherlock’s evidence wall.  There were notes taped up everywhere; he walked closer.  “Donovan’s out.  We don’t even have another suspect.  How horribly convenient!” he said bitterly.  “A man is killed and no one sees anything out of the ordinary!”
“Anyway,” said John as Sherlock meandered away, “I figure we can dig one up and take it with us.”
Owens’ pale eyes filled with tears, but he blinked them back.  Sherlock moved in front of the fireplace and stared at it; John let him be.
John opened his mouth and then closed it again.  “It’s not generally polite to insult one’s friends,” he settled on.
Not quite a month after the Scottish case, John had written off the porn as largely useless but had managed to find several audio files that had made him hard just from the opening exchange between the lovers.  One of them was of a man guiding his partner as if it were his first time.  John figured it would serve as a soundtrack for phase two of his homemade step-by-step-learning-to-bottom-for-a-giant-partner programme.
“My father never wore boots like these.”
I see my reflection in the mirror.  Here I stand, nude, aroused and smiling to myself like an complete idiot.  Somehow, I find I could not care less about this spa and its little mystery.  Right now, the baser parts of my mind have chased away all rational thought and all that seems to matter is a physical manifestation of this feeling.  Desire.  Want.  To be desired, to be wanted.
“It wasn’t meant to be a
.  Clearly that’s a sack of shite.  I don’t care who he was.  Do you know what he wanted?  Just get out.”
Sherlock finds him the next morning, dead to the world on the sofa, fingers still wrapped around the lolly stick.  He gently pries it from John’s warm fingers, tosses it in the bin.
“Excellent,” said Mycroft, slipping the paper into his briefcase.  “I’ll be heading back to London this evening.  Please keep your mobile on overnight in case my assistant or I need to get hold of you.  Is there anything else you require?”
“Because that’s how it’s done, Sherlock.”
John can feel the blood pounding in his ears.  His hand trembles.  He wills himself to keep calm.  “This conversation is over.”
Sherlock shrugged.  “Bored.  Couldn’t separate my mind from the transport.  Later, John.  It is an unpleasant topic.”
“How long have you been taking care of the horses?”
It was dark by the time they were alone again.  “Come with me,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, and they walked quietly upstairs.
“You gave so much away.  When you came to find me at the back of the pub, the look in your eyes…”
Sherlock was forced to relinquish his makeshift lab when in the second week in June, Mycroft Holmes returned to his family home with a briefcase full of papers, his assistant Anthea, and an estate agent.
“Maybe he just forgot about it that day.”
“I take it he’s been told that there’s no flat to go back to?”
John knows he could never live like that.  He’s known since childhood that he was a physical creature.  His body always craved the touch of another, needed physical proximity.  He’d traded his mother’s knee for tussling matches with his classmates, and then the rugby lads.  He’d sat with his aging grandfather, held his hand.  At medical school, his hands found women.  John Watson had spent his teens wanting to be taller, but at 20 he realised he was the perfect height to look a woman right in the eye, could lie with her in bed and have everything line up perfectly. Out in Afghanistan there had been a girlfriend for a while: dancing in a club, sleeping curled together, breath between shoulder blades. Intimate. Always touching. Until she was clasping his hand one last time and saying goodbye: it’s not you, it’s me. Turned out the girlfriend had a boyfriend back at home. And then the sniper’s bullet that sent him back to Blighty and months and months of lonely nothing. No wonder he’d been such a wreck.  Trust issues, indeed.
It had been too early to go to bed, yet with every passing hour Sherlock grew even more fidgety and sullen.  Thankfully John had had the foresight to pluck a robust Valpolicella from the boxes as they’d packed up the wine cellar.  They had found two lonely, mismatched tea-cups to drink from, and John used the corkscrew attachment on his Swiss Army knife to open the bottle.  They sat on packing crates in the kitchen and drank toasts to the house, their past, and their future.
"Yes definitely, especially after all the time spent in the midst of mud and damp brande inside a worn out tent, I would say that a warm bed is definitely a dream."
When we finally reached the village, they immediately began to collect the payment, for loyalty to the clan.
"John?"
"And now that I've beaten you, mister I know everything. Get out of my way ".
"Colum knows you're an outlaw?" I asked curiously.
"Yes, I was sixteen at the time. Colum pays him well, he must. It would be welcome to the court of any noble ".
"You know you do not have to feel threatened, right? Nobody will hurt you here, as long as you stay next to me "he tried to reassure me, and strangely I felt better.
"There's nothing" I stopped and looked in his direction, when I added, "If there's nothing else I would have to do here in my prison, as you can see" and I began to grind my herbs.
"John do not go, I'm afraid you cannot come back" Frank's voice was hesitant. I felt that those words were sincere. But I was determined to go to the war zone to do my share both as a soldier and as a doctor. I could no longer remain watching and waiting.
"What would you say to a woman?" Dougal gave me a furious, almost animalish look.
"You asked me" he admitted.
After the war and all the horrors we had seen, Frank and I decided to take a trip, to understand both where we were in our lives after five years of distance. In the Scottish Highlands, we stopped in Inverness to find out more about the origins of Frank's family.
"Well you are one of them?" he asked me in the end.
"Oh... Johnny, I missed you so much "his hands had begun to caress my face and neck, while I felt his warm breath on my face. Oh God... please touch me!
"Yes, of course I'm fine. What can I do for you, Mr. MacKenzie? "
I had started playing in the woods with the children, to study carefully my possible ways out, towards freedom. I had found two, which I had marked with pieces of white cloth attached to the branches of the trees.
"The poor little boy is about to leave," Mrs. Hadson said.
"Yes!"
"I had to take a walk with Father Baen. He wants to perform an exorcism on the Baxter boy. Oh look at John's hawthorn berries, they are rarely seen around here. "
"So why do I have to stay?"
"Really? So, he tells me, it would fascinate me to hear your story. "
One evening I went to the hall where Colum listened to his people and tried to help them as he could, offering them solutions. Fortunately, Victor was next to me, and sometimes he translated what people said to me.
"Do not worry, I'll manage," he declared with a grin on his face.
"Now explain to me where I heard such a thing" growled me.
"Okay kid you won I'll come with you. Now move "
"Well ... yes," he answered firmly, looking me straight in the eye.
Sherlock appeared in front of me with his usual arrogant tone. I did not open my eyes, I hoped he would understand my bad mood.
When I got to my lodgings, Sherlock put my things on the bed.
Suddenly I wondered what Frank was doing?! What would have thought not seeing me come back, will have thought that I had escaped or worse I was with another man!? At that cold thought. I realized that maybe I would not see him again and this scared me a lot.
"If I did not know where to find you, it would be enough for me to follow the sound of your stomach grumbling."
"I too am like you, from your reaction it is clear that you are attracted by the danger and especially of men rather than by women. Your secret is safe ".
"I do not want to disturb, maybe Mr. Holmes can help me?"
And after thanking me he ran away, and I returned to my escape.
"Let Me go!" I ordered.
Frank approached me.
"Yes, I believe you are right, and the Duke died shortly after the Battle of" the Reverend did not have time to finish the sentence that some tea cups fell to the ground, and the old Lady threw herself to remedy the damage. While I was still shocked by the reading of the hand.
"Well, I didn't have much choice if I hadn't moved my shoulder I wouldn't have moved any more" he announced satisfied.
"I would be amazed at the opposite."
"Careful a promise is a serious thing in this country."
"Well ... let's pound these herbs and let them brew for a while, after which we can go downstairs to drink a portman and tell us all our secrets," announced Victor pleased as he grinded some spices.
"Interesting theory. Too bad I don't think trolls live in pairs. They are usually solitary creatures, "while Frank was stealing from some objects that I found with half a smile I sat down on an old table, observing him patiently.
"Yes, it's like that, many men," I said, starting to grind my herbs.
"I swear on the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ and on the sacred iron that I hold in my hand to pay tribute and loyalty to the name of the MacKenzie clan. If ever my hand should rise in rebellion against you, I ask this sacred iron to pierce my heart. "He kissed the knife as a bond to his oath and sheathed the weapon, in doing so took Colum's hands and kiss. Colum grabbed a glass of wine and handed it to Dougal, who drank it without a word, and then it was Colum who was drinking from the same glass. At that moment all the guests in the hall burst into a big applause and the bagpipes began to play again.
Here I am with a new chapter. I apologize for the colossal delay, I will try to be more diligent next time. But this chapter was particularly difficult. I hope you like it, Thanks to everyone who reads my story. Comments are always welcome. Thank you!!
"Yes Madam. It's right."
"Her father is accusing her of obscene acts, and she wants Colum to have her punished for disobedience," he told me in a low voice. They were about to punish the girl when Holmes came forward claiming the punishment in place. He had chosen his fists instead of lashes, and to give them to him would have been the same man who had stalked me until then. He began to hit him repeatedly, Victor said it would last until he was bleeding, or when he would break his nose. But even after having smashed his nose, the man received orders from Dougal to continue hitting him on the injured shoulder. I had to make a lot of effort not to intervene. It was a barbaric thing.
"...You know I'm still here right? Sherlock? " John walked out of the kitchen and into the living room, amusement and slight disbelief adorning his face as he tilted his head and stared down at the sobbing mess.
John stilled, his heart jumping, thudding in his chest as the image flashed across his mind. Sherlock, stone cold on the ground, blood everywhere, no pulse. He gritted his teeth, he hated Sherlock but he- He wouldn't be able to take another dead detective. John growled feral as he slammed the door and ran. Ran his way towards the lying detective.
He had dreamt of this exact situation enough times with deep yearning and pounding, lonely nights to hesitate at the rawness of it all. Could this be real? Or was he too far gone, that desperation had turned into the inability to cope, and he was still alone in the dark, dingy and damp alley. Shooting up happiness in the form of liquid, wasting his life away, because nothing mattered? That this could be a figment of his imagination, the scent, sound, touch, all a betrayal of his acute brain left him reeling in disgust and hatred.
“I know it's fine.” Sherlock replied immediately, his tone defensive and cold, calculated as he gazed back into John’s eyes.
John Watson had punched and kicked Sherlock before he died, had screamed in his face that it was all a trick, had said that he despised him, and Sherlock had died, not knowing anything else other than the rage John had for him.
" You have to tell me Sherlock - Or did I hurt you? Was I too rough last night? You need to tell me, does it hurt? Is that why? " Confusion and steadfast alarm dawning on him, clearing the haziness of the early morning as John searched Sherlock's face for answers. His lips pinching slightly with worry, sleep tousled hair against the pillow.
"It 'does not matter. She's just a filly with a little character ", he said proudly, then added," Can I do something for you Mr. Watson? "He asked leaning on the fence.
"Celebrating a pagan party Reverend I'm impressed" I mocked him.
(>-<)
"I do not doubt it, men believe in what makes sense of their life and if it shows that it's fake, what's left? Is it very different from your parts? "Holmes was strutting one of the horses.
On the way we heard people shouting, we looked out the window to see what was happening.
"Let's go take a look," Frank offered me his arm that grabbed right away with a smile.
"Not the ruins but the demons, inside you, stupid English," one of Dougal's henchmen intervened.
When I regained consciousness I found myself on horseback, with a stinking stranger, or rather not exactly unknown was the man in kilt who had saved me. He took me inside a hut, and there were other men in kilts, even in their smelly and filthy as well as my savior. There was a figure bent on itself facing a stone fireplace, while another fire was burning in the center of the hut. Four men all shook in my hands. What seemed to me the older one started to talk to me.
In the midst of those great stones, I felt the wind change, almost seemed to me that he was calling me, I approached almost attracted by the central stone and when I touched it, it seemed to me to fly in a deep oblivion. When I opened my eyes I was on the ground, disoriented. When I got up I headed straight to Frank's car, but to my amazement I noticed that there was not, as well as the road that I had travelled to get there. There were only trees around me and I felt I was lost in some way. I then started walking in the woods to find maybe a side road.
At that moment I felt that if I had not returned from Frank immediately, I would have fallen into the arms of Sherlock Holmes.
"More than an escape, it seems to me a suicide project," he said in his pedantic and irritating tone.
"How long will we ride?"
"Gentlemen I brought a little snack, I brought only two cups because I thought Mr. Watson could keep me company in the kitchen?"
The musicians started to play and they all started with the dances.
"Come back when you want, we should just do it again," Victor said finally. So we took our leave quickly. My gaze fell on the boy again.
The next day all the men had gathered outside the walls to go hunting for wild boar and I had to participate, since it was the will of Lord Dougal.
"It's what I just said it seems to me. We will solve it as a man, if you can fight me in a duel, you can easily leave. But if you cannot and I win then you'll do the good and you'll do as I tell you "while declaring the terms, had fixed his annoying smile, impertinent cheeky.
He showed me a thick leaf with deep veins.
"I have a very similar thing, I do not have much."
"You slept all day, it's almost five o'clock. I brought you some hot soup. Come on, hurry up. "
When you clash with the impossible the only foothold is sticking to logic. Maybe I was on a movie set with costumed people, but there was no reason why the actors had to shoot with real ammunition.
"I know John but ..." I interrupted him with a finger on my lips.
"The MacKenzie greet the men in Leoch. He hopes they have made a good trip. And that never comes the day when the clan's warriors have to draw their swords, but if it happens, he does not imagine men better than those in front of him today to defend the honor of the Clan. Only one fool could challenge the MacKenzie with or without weapons. And he is proud to be their laird. "
"What blasphemy is this? Father I do not want to be blasphemous but I just want ... "
"Who ever said I was a gentleman?" He added mischievously.
"Interesting ceremony, but I cannot keep watching all the oaths. Come on, I want to go back to my clinic to finish preparing stocks for the hunt for tomorrow, "I announced passively.
"Where is it? In Oxfordshire? Life will not be so different. "
"Oh ... well! In this case, come with me, find something to eat and clean clothes, "said the old woman a little reluctantly.
Arriving at a man, who was holding a girl by the arm, Victor said:
"At those points Moriarty grabbed his dagger and with the hilt hit me in the head making me faint. So she went with him, he feared he would kill me and maybe he was right. I do not know what happened next. I woke up tied up on a cart to Fort William. "
"Dougal and the others await us near the brook we must go" he announced with a threatening glance, as I tried to get away from him as much as possible.
"Here are the clean clothes I made you prepare a bath," pointed to a tub full of hot water.
I abruptly deflected the subject and glanced at the group of men around the fire not far away, who clearly continued to despise me.
"So, kid, you had a good earshot," he advanced leaning against the pillory. "There is no need to complain so much, a little shot and it's over" the figure of the boy was trembling.
"Do you say now?" I asked, perplexed.
Frank and I were not officially married, we exchanged votes before we both went to war, with rings, so even if it wasn't legally as if we were married.
"They told me to participate in the hunt."
"Have you never found yourself in a situation that is impossible to explain rationally?"
"Sorry but I cannot follow you" I looked at him dumbfounded.
"I think it started around four years ago. They had taxed all the landowners in the county. They sent small patrols of soldiers to collect food, horses for transport, and all that was needed by the British troops. It was an October day and Captain Moriarty came to us. My father was not there he went to a funeral, I was alone with Molly my sister. I was in the fields when I heard the screams. Some soldiers were holding Molly and so I attacked them. When the three men were on the ground, I saw Moriarty aim a gun at her head while she held her by the hair.
"At least we found something," he said satisfied.
"It didn't hurt me so much."
"Get your hands off me." I asked, annoyed as I tried to move away without success, I was surprised at how strong it was.
"Is it because they told you I'm a spy is not it?! But you certainly do not believe it to the end".
"This is not my blood, not all at least" he did to approach me and I tried to overcome it, while I was blocking the escape route.
"Goodbye Mr. Holmes"
"You must believe me when I tell you that you can trust me, a Saxon. I would never hurt you, "he looked me straight in the eye while gently stroking my face with one hand, then added.
More members of the clan would have lost their senses the better it would have been. As soon as my shadow returned to the festivities, I slipped out of the clinic. When I had grabbed the bag with provisions and coat, I returned to the main corridor where Leary was.
"How strange most of the schemes do you look like you know? But one like yours I've never seen. A big thumb However indicates that you haveas a strong personality and that you haves a hard will to fold. And this is yourhis mount of Venus and to what I see Mr Watson you are a very fiery lover, "the lady began to grin, while I nodded a smile as the tips of my ears became red from embarrassment.
I pulled the blanket over my shoulders and saw deep scars on the young man's back.
"Seriously though, if it bothered you, you should tell me. I could have taken her away from the stables the other day. "
"How strange it is all very confused, you see there is a curved leaf that signifies the journey but...is crosses with a broken leaf that indicates the stay still. Then there are many individuals around her one of them is almost certainly Frank, if I read well. Let me see your hand. " Reluctantly, I extended my hand to her that,  she began to examine.
"Ramson garlic? And they ingest it? "
"And you're right, in fact. I'm the healer, after all. I'm the one who commands", I said proudly, but I was too drunk because my words could seem like a minimum series.
"He's still a bit shaky, but he'll do it soon."
"Mmm... all right!" accepted uncertain.
"I hope you're not offended, it just means English person or worst foreign case."
"Know that even if I'm hurt, I can kick you when I want. If you do not immediately stop teasing me, you'll find yourself without teeth, "I snarled at him.
"Soon wake up, lazy man" Mrs. Hudson came into my room screaming, as I jumped on the bed in terror, I had just woken up very abruptly.
"... oh Johnny. Please let me do this. I want to see you. Don't run away, you've done this for the last few months together. But now I'm here and I'm not leaving. I wish that you let me in. "
"No, you're not well, you want to know how much blood you lost? You're lucky to be alive, after the fights and the horse falls, "I checked the wound before I kept talking," good! I need a sterile bandage and clean cloths. " They all looked at me speechlessly, realizing that these were not the cleanest people to talk about sterile gauzes.
"Do not be silly boy, you're Colum's special guest, you have to participate."
"Because it's a pleasure for me if you stay."
"Mr. Watson is not related to the Beaton clan?"
"And why do you ever ask me to come?"
"No it does not. Alec knows about the lashes, but has not seen the scars. Knowing such a thing is not like seeing it with your own eyes. It's a bit personal, I guess if Alec saw the scars, he could not look at me without thinking about my back. "
It was very difficult to wash in the tub, fortunately I'm not of a larger size or else I would not even be able to move.
"This is Sulfur here."
"Of the iodine tincture?" Silence no one answered, "Mertiolate?", even worse, "alcohol?". It was then that they handed me a flask, which I poured lightly upon the wound, and the man regained consciousness.
"When you say invaded by spirits, what do you mean? Is he sick? "I asked.
"I have to medicate the wounds, so stop whimpering and obeying," I stared at him in disbelief. This individual was definitely a mystery. I bitterly accepted defeat. I began to undress my upper garments. I stood in front of him alone with his breeches. I felt very naked. Sherlock scanned me from top to bottom as if examining and cataloging my physical form.
"And you did it in the end you brought it to a place of peace, and it's the best when you're dying. So thank you. "
"How sorry?"
"I have with me the port you asked for" Victor.
"I feel the flames of hell on you," I pulled my arm out of his grasp and leaned over the boy. Pour in the mouth of the young man a few drops of decoction of a beautiful woman.
"Ah ... my punishment," I puffed.
Without asking any questions, I put the fingertip of my little finger inside the mixture. I went to the baby lying in his basket and put his finger to his lips and spread the substance on the gums. The little creature started sucking my finger vigorously.
"Stop not doing it," I shouted, approaching them. One of the men drew the sword threatening me.
"Colum? Oh yes, and Dougal knows. But they are uncles from my mother”.
"He came back behind thanks to the stones?"
"Do you believe the church made him sick?"
"See you soon at the oath ceremony?" He asked me approaching me.
Chapter 6
"I would like to see it."
(>-<)
"Don't count on us too much" I said to him contemptuously. The man laughed followed by the other men. I felt embarrassed.
"So you know how to use potions?" He asked me.
P.s as always, thanks to those who are reading this story, comments are always welcome. Thank you!!
"No, it would be like calling a tall man short. It is not fast but can gallop for days. The only problem is that if it is not checked at the earliest opportunity, it will try to go home. I leave you alone so you know each other. "
"You don't know what I'm talking about!" So saying I tore my tattered shirt and pour some alcohol on it and put it on top of the wound. I tied another flap around my arm and shoulder, as I escaped an imprecation.
"Seen? Nothing happened. Did I hurt you? "He asked me.
And when one of the soldiers pointed my rifle at me and fired, it was the hour I started running, as fast as I could. Trying as much as possible to hide myself through the trees. I reached the banks of a creek and there bowed to drink the water there was Frank, or so it seemed. She had longer hair, but always of a beautiful dark chestnut and black and deep eyes. When we crossed our gaze, I was jealous.
"Do you know her?" Then it occurred to me that maybe she could be his girlfriend, it was not to be excluded as he was a man of a certain charm.
"I wonder why you were not at your farm ?!" I asked without crossing his gaze.
At age 13,
“You're unattached, just like me.”  He shook his head as he snorted, straightening and leaning forward as he carded through his hair. “Right. Good.” John looked down, trying hard to compose himself as he slowly picked up another bite.
He listed it on and on, almost mechanical in his ways.
“You’re beautiful you know that?” John says as he tilts his head and looks at Sherlock.
At last.
And two
“J’hn?” He whispered, a small lopsided smile adorning his face as he grimaced when he shifted.
At age 78,
he doesn't understand, he just wanted to tell the teacher that what was said was wrong, it was the truth. It wasn't his fault that everyone else couldn't understand what he was saying, he was glad to have shared his knowledge. But no, punches and kicks and sneers was thrown his way. He was an outcast, he was despised. And a downward spiral of self-pity ensues.
“No, no you can’t die here Sherlock. I won’t allow it.”
Sherlock groaned as he squeezed his eyes shut, batting John's hand away weakly, barely able to lift his hand up. He peeked his eyes open, flinching at the dust that went into his eyes, his long lashes batted, trying hard to focus on the person who was talking to him.
Angered muffles spews out of his taped mouth.
And suddenly, all the memories rushed to John’s head like quicksand. He moaned at the information overload and as he laid there, his throat constricted and his mouth went dry and heavy.
The sweat trickling down his forehead as he fought to take control of his body, the figure in front of him solid, dazzling. And in a rush of a moment, John looked up and opened his mouth, extending his hand forward to reach towards Sherlock’s.
Sherlock looked with wide eyes.
Sherlock slowly forgets John
It was fast, grueling, made John saw sparks around as the streets of London blurred around them. Pure sweet adrenaline had filled his system as his muscles flexed, the phantom heat of Afghanistan shining down at him as his face slowly broke into a maniac grin.
John sighs and scrubs his face down, looking at Sherlock as he smiles hopelessly.
"Oh. " Sherlock slumped against the bed, his trembling hand -"Intimate tremor" The words ringing in John's head- carded through his sweat matted hair. "Just being choked and positively drugged by Morphine, four times the normal amount. " Sherlock drawled, seemingly defeated. He had said that he wanted to be killed after all, it was nobody's fault but his. "I'm dying John, dying. " He whispered, his body on fire, every part of it itching, his own skin burning.
A warm hand
“John. /John/” Sherlock whispered as his lips trembled, it was too much. Everything was too much, this painful feeling that he couldn’t get out of his chest. It was slow building, bounding, painful, sinking him down as his head wrapped round and round.
"But it is, I know. It's a huge contrast from what I have imagined. Pardon if I need sometime to adjust myself." Sherlock whispered, conscious of his own failings. Hardly a good partner that could match what John deserves, but he would try his best.
Sherlock curls into himself tighter, sobs wracking his body as he feels the bitter pelts of rain slowing to a stop.
have backup.
"I didn't - I didn't mean it. " John pleaded, his voice raw with emotion. He regretted now, like never before, he had not appreciated Sherlock like he should have, and now it was too late. Sherlock was gone.
“You don't have a girlfriend, then?” John raised his eyebrows as he asked, his mind buzzing. What was he /doing/? This was utterly hopeless; he was embarrassing himself really.
“John.”
"John. " Sherlock breathed in a short breath as he gasped, his insides squirming, his outsides burning and freezing at the same time. "John, I'm so sorry- I've - I've always wanted to tell-" His breath hitched as his mouth opened like a fish out of water. "Jo-" He choked out as he stared wide-eyed at John before his body slumped, eyes rolling back as his arm slipped from his chest and onto the bed. He was limp, against the bed, his body sliding down a little as his neck tilted down to his side.
“Yeah, but come on- “John stopped as he stared at Sherlock’s guilt ridden face, dread, despair, /disappointment/ flooded his veins as he pursed his lips. “No.” He said disbelievingly as his eyes flicked over Sherlock’s face. “You?” He continued, a tiny bit of disappointment bleeding through.
“John.” He tried again, not able to, he doesn’t know how. How to get it out, it was too heavy, too important, too precious, too close to his heart.
John tilted his head as he walked out of the door, and there it was, his cane. His bloody cane that he had wanted to throw away ever since the start.
“Girlfriend?” He tilted his head as he drummed his fingers on the table, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed. “No, not really my area.” He answered back grudgingly. What was he asking? Sherlock has never ever- What was this fluttery feeling?
John winces as he continues to rub against the ropes.
“Quickly!” He shouted back, his grip firm as he pulled John along with him.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!”
John says he loves me. John.
How could he? To tarnish his body with those vile substances, John’s stomach did a roll.
He didn't want to die with John like this, in John's arms, but cold, despised. He was scared all of a sudden, it was scary. This, stuff.
Sherlock stirred as John patted Sherlock's face softly, "Hey hey, wake up. Listen to my voice. Sherlock. "
Balloon John died
At age 7,
John took the cue as he took Sherlock’s hand in his, quietly climbing up the stairs as it creaked in protest. His chest was pounding hard, the presence behind him urging.
Sherlock closes his eyes and rests. Never to be awaken and he was happy that he had led a life worth told. And he was aching to meet the love of his life with a red string of fate again.
" There's no need to be sorry. "
Sherlock bit back a remark, opting to snuggle impossibly closer to John. John, that he can now love freely, even more, he had gave John all that he has and can offer.
"Go to hell, Sherlock. "
He pulled the triggered and fired, his hands tingling from the aftershock, his body spreading signals from the bottom to the top like wildfire, he fired, he had fired again. The screams of the war surfacing to his head as he stumbled.
Another pause, this time Sherlock was looking at him with wide doe like eyes that wasn’t helping him in this situation.
The arms that were warm and gentle encircled round me as I flinched.
"Jawn! " Sherlock wailed pathetically as he falls down to the floor with the remnants of John in his hands, bruised, tattered, /deflated/.
Sherlock's chest lurched at that as he closed his eyes. He was dying, he really was, and there was John, not responding, not replying, as if he didn't care. Well he probably didn't, it was his own fault at that. The boy who lied, he had toyed with John's feelings too many times. Sherlock's throat constricted uncomfortably as he forced himself to breathe, his body on the verge of hyperventilating. He slowly clutched his loose gown, scrunching it up against his chest as he sat up, placing a hand on John's lap. "John. " He rasped, hopelessly, filled with yearning.
There was silence for a moment as Sherlock tried to regain his breath after the initial attempt to shy away from the voice.
"What are you waiting for!? " Mrs Hudson stared at him horrified. "John! He's with Smith right now! Are you not going to save him? " Mrs Hudson pleaded, trying to get it into John. John stared coldly at her, tilting his head up in an air of defiance. "Why should I? It's a trick, all of it. " He replied, his gaze hardening into cold stone. There was a tense minute, nobody said anything.
There was a returning squeeze and a muffled answer.
“I’m sorry.” He gulped as his eyes darted at anywhere but John. “I wouldn’t have eaten the pill, rest assured.” He muttered distractedly.
Mycroft sighs as he covers Sherlock with his umbrella, frowning a little at the small shivering form in front of him.
John also said that I loved danger. I would risk my life to save others, I was the best and wisest man he had ever known.
John…?
He wasn't going to be able to handle it anymore, couldn't separate what was reality to figment. Couldn't-
Never did John thought that he would actually hear this from his best friend, the person that pulled him out of that hell. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he laughed humourlessly, carding through Sherlock’s curls.
"This stuff... This stuff is hard for me. You know that right? "
“Good night then?” John released his gentle hold of Sherlock as he smiled.
He must have blacked out, there must have been a fight. He turned his head to the side, observing his surroundings with practiced silence and skill. A fight, along with Sherlock most probably. He winced, lifting his other hand to cup his head, the thuds agonizing.
“You scared me today- “He whispered as he closed what little gap they had between them. “I thought I would have lost you.” John mumbled as he captured Sherlock’s parting lips, kissing him lightly before pulling away, a lopsided smile finding its way onto his face.
And he could just see, a pale, bloodied hand sticking out of the rubble, in the midst of destruction. John’s eyes widened as his face crumble to that of horror and despair, he choked out a gasp and covered his mouth in reflex.
That they love me.
“Sherlock? John? You in there?” The voice of Lestrade flowed into John’s ears like a ringing bell.
John’s eyes twitched as it widened in disbelief, defense rushing into his system as he raised his eyebrows. “Seriously? This guy, a junkie?” John snorted as he tilted his head, unable to comprehend what the DI could have possible meant. “Have you met him?”
“So what were we doing there?” John added as his shaking shoulders slowly calmed, the adrenaline leaving his system as he leaned back and asked.
“No, no...”, he repeated.
His loose grip on the duvet tightens as he scrunches his eyebrows up, trying a breath as it hitched in a rather unflattering way. He could feel the pressure and panic that was rapidly building, fill his lungs and chest as a wave of sadness and loneliness wash over him. The rising lump in his throat suffocates him for a moment as it threatens to overspill into something ugly and desperate.
At age 29,
The man with the blond hair...?
John’s eyes crinkled at the sides as he nodded, his arms swaying and moving in big gestures.
Sherlock eyes were glazed, his breathing erratic and shallow and heart beating way too fast. He was also extremely pale, and it had made John’s breath stopped, he was so still just then, as if he was dead. John knew what which was going in shock when he saw one. And shock, with a severe concussion was very bad.
John was going hysterical with desperation when Sherlock looked up, sucking in another precious breath, as he looked at John, his eyes dilated and unable to focus.
Mycroft to Gregory
John's eyes.
“John.” He croaked out again, his feelings choking him as the lump in his throat dipped, his nose stuffing as he shuddered, shivers racking through his body as he sobbed.
He dare not to open his eyes, for the fear of accepting the fact that he had gone positively mad. His breath quickens at the denial of such a situation, wishing for what could only be seen as, the desire to run away. The comforting warmth of the bed slowly turns into the cold hard jarring ground of the alleys, gritty and littered with haphazard rubbish.
Sherlock kept quiet as they both broke into light giggles, looking at each other with curiousness in their eyes. Sherlock shifted on his spot as he cleared his throat. “Dinner?” He inquired politely.
“Gregory… Hug me.” He mumbles as he worms his way to Gregory, stubbornly burying his head into the crook of Greg’s neck.
"Sherlock? " John widened his eyes in fear, "Sherlock? " He raised his voice a little more, pain lurching in his chest. "No, no more jokes. " He smile pained, desperately, nudging Sherlock, patting his face. "Please. " He looked at the still figure horrified. This was the end wasn't it. Did- did Sherlock Holmes just... Die? Just like that? /In front of him? /
Where was Lestrade? Where was anyone?
" Hmm. "
And creases between his eyebrows and a small quirk of the lips.
Sherlock felt a chill ran down his spine as he fidgeted, inexperienced in areas like these. But he very much wanted to try, with this man that saved his life within a day of meeting him. That complimented him and had held his hand and had asked him, so very directly. Sherlock nodded slightly as his lips parted slightly in nervousness.
He bit his lips, looking around in desperation. They were trapped, in this place, and no one knew they were here.
"Why! Why are you doing this! Mummy's going to be upset! " He shouted as he covered his ears, shaking his head.
Sherlock startles and turns to look at John, a blush creeping up his face as he tilts his eyebrows up, a small voiceless ‘oh’ escaping his mouth.
“You know, you’re an idiot.” A chuckle, the wipe of a tear.
I can feel their sobs now, loud and deep, their body racking with shudders.
Sherlock was shell shocked as he looked at John, his face flushed and eyes wide. He snapped out of his thoughts a few seconds later as he cleared his throat, his hand clutching onto John’s wool sweater loosely.
He walked away, coldness seeping through his veins.
“John, I love you.”
“Hmm, you’re so cute in the morning, god. If Sherlock were to see this…” He chuckles to himself and pats Mycroft awake.
On his
It died.
He stilled as the beating of his heart drowned all other noises and covered his ears, the world swirled around him, slow moving and he forced himself to breathe. He closed his eyes and swallowed before looking back at Sherlock, infinite gratefulness in his eyes as he tried a weak smile.
Greg smiles, his eyes crinkling at the sides as he kisses the top of Mycroft’s head.
“No.” Sherlock replied immediately, his eyes questioning as he tilted his head in a defensive stance.
"There you are. " John replied as he exhaled, breath tickling Sherlock's curls. He smiles and pushes himself closer to Sherlock.
It felt good.
“Oh, right.” John replied amused, a small smile adorning his face as his eyes lit up. He glanced around, shifting himself in the seat. John cleared his throat as he asked, “Do you have a boyfriend?”
The one that I had loved.
It was the early morning where the quiet bustling of the people on streets could be heard at a distance, cars and buses honking, rushing their way towards its destination.
He sighed, think.
The rays of sunlight seep into the room, creating a soft glow that descends on the warmth of the bedroom. The ghost of a breath could be felt beside Sherlock, right at the hollow of his neck, warm and grounding, just like the weight over his waist, wrapping him round loosely.
Everything was broken. Everything was fading.
“Go on, answer the door.” His eyelashes batting against his eyelids as he chewed the bottom of his lips, smiling a little warmly.
John.
he simply doesn't care anymore. Normal beings were stupid and dump and of course they wouldn't be able to understand him. And no wonder he was not able to fit in, yes of course, he was a high functioning sociopath for God's sake, he had no feelings, right. Insults thrown his way would result in a bite from him viciously, it was their fault. And amidst all this, drugs would heighten his senses, keep in touch with his mind palace and his detective abilities.
Sherlock was not the man he once was, albeit mean and cranky at times, Sherlock had lost all of his first hesitancy towards the human race that betrayed him. He had learnt to appreciate life as it is and be free of the burdens that he had carried on his back for all those years, the sneers, the torture and the constant lingering of a dark past.
Eurus looked at Sherlock and back at the hamster, squeezing it tighter as it emitted a horrible sound.
