“Then what’s your point? You’re not making any sense–”
Agreeing at least to that –not wanting to see Tony butt naked, thank you very much – he clicked the safety back on and went to the living room. It was an area of the apartment that the couple couldn’t detour in an attempt to scape unnoticed to go through the front door.
“That’s…” Steve searched for the correct adjective. “Not nice.”
were just the top three characteristics that came to the top of Steve’s head to describe Tony’s friends. Not to mention incredibly overprotective.
“Don’t even try to look innocent and cute, Steve,” James demanded with slyness while he approached the blonde. James was one of the handful of people that knew about Steven and Anthony and that was because he caught them early in their relationship in the middle of making out in the proximity of the forest. Not that Steven could’ve hidden it from him for long, anyway. He was the reason why they decided to build the cottage in the profound of the woods, though.
I haven't finished it, really, it seems real life won't ever allow me to. BUT I loved the comments that you guys left me and the tons of kudos and I got inspired to post another 4 chapters and leave them as the complete story, for now! I'll be posting, hopefully, at least once a week.
Just when he began to wonder where James was, he heard a loud yawn near the entrance of the stable. James “Bucky” Barnes was stretching out and looking at Steven leeringly and with a huge smirk on his face, causing the blonde to turn red in a matter of seconds.
“I am learning how to control my powers and Dr. Strange offered to lend me a hand when Agatha needed a well-deserved break, so you will probably see more of me around him in the future.” Wanda replayed without changing her curious expression even if she didn’t question him further; it was as if she was waiting for the moment when he’d spill his guts while she played along patiently.
“I will forgive you, but please don't ask this of me, Steve,” Tony’s eyes were begging now. He was obviously wanting to tell Steve to stop; that under normal circumstances he wouldn’t be confessing to all this. However, Tony's mouth kept moving, forming words that he didn’t mean to say without his permission, “I wish I wouldn’t forgive you after all of this, I really do, but I’m not able to deny you anything, not even forgiveness. Not even that after everything we've put each other through.”
Tony seemed to have enough of listening to Steve and resumed his struggled, trying to use whatever Steve had shown him in the training room, but again was distracted when he saw Steve open the small bottle with his thumb, and stared in shock when he witnessed Steve swallowing the whole thing down in one go, wincing at the flavour, throwing dramatically the empty vial somewhere around the workshop's floor.
of all people, tend to be an almost impossible task.”
Steven Rogers, you’re as good as dead.
!” despite Tony's words, he still didn't make any movement to break Steve's hold on his arm. With a controlled pull, Steve managed to crowd Tony against the wall of the kitchen again, finally being able to let Tony go so he could stop hurting him and trap him between his arms instead. They both knew at that point that any struggling on Tony's part with result in Steve catching him again and waiting until the stubborn man tired out.
our relationship,
Anthony thought better the situation when a low growl vibrated under him. He hasn’t ever felt this much jealousy from Steven before, not with this much… passion, if the arm squeezing him to the strong chest below him was any indication.
"I'm not leaving and we are not breaking up either."
Tony could barely think about how it was
“Well, if you were going to forgive him anyway, why didn’t you go straight home to him?” Rhodey asked him as if in a last attempt to make Tony reflect on the subject.
The easy disavowal of Tony's fears seemed to startle the genius a little, “What?” he asked incredulously, looking at Steve as if he was crazy, “How can you be so sure?”
“Of course I know that, for fuck’s sake! I’ve been dealing with them since the moment of my conception!” Tony yelled, slamming a hand against the table. “That’s why I’m wondering WHY! Why is the only thing those bastards had ever gotten one hundred percent right has to be THIS!”
That and Steve was too angry at Tony’s hurtful actions and words to let him get away. Not this time. Enough was enough and he could be a stubborn jerk as well.
Since there were no howling of the damned in the horizon or fire alarms all over New York, Rhodey came to the conclusion that the article represented the paparazzi being desperate for something to write since the last alien invasion or great robbery that would sell. Rhodey could feel a big lawsuit coming their way on behalf of a very pissed off Tony Stark.
understand, worse if they didn’t even
“Pete, trust me,” Tony barely managed to hear Steve say, and suddenly, he was breathing fresh air. Well, at least more fresh tan inside.
"Tony-"
Before the Avengers, of course.
“Steve…” Tony blinked at him in surprise, “Were you jealous of a machine?”
“It’s not like that!”
“I don’t need to, I value my sanity and I have Pepper to reassure me that you have indeed done something stupid every day without submitting myself to your bullshit.”
Even if everything screamed to Rhodey to go and hunt something blue, white and red, his rational part of mind understood that he was the voice of reason between the two of them in that moment.
Soon, they were touching like it was the first time. Exploring, adoring, respecting each other’s bodies and the roles they took in their personal ritual. Steven was searching, patient, controlling the rhythm despite Anthony’s insistence to be faster, rougher.
Hearing about Steve’s lover from someone else felt like a punch to the gut to Tony. Suddenly, he had to keep his eyes shut as he was unable to withstand the humiliation of realizing that he was so damn weak that his ex-husband and his lover had to come to his rescue. Because he wasn’t strong enough to defend his own son. How pathetic was that? No wonder he got replaced in a beat.
“Ah, don’t worry about it,” the chauffer dismissed with a pronounced wave of the hand closest to him. “I’ll come clean with her today; I don’t think she’d care, though. I really am just cutting you some slack, considering the fact that in a few minutes you’re entering into a war zone and I’m personally taking you to it. Guilt makes you spill the beans, my friend!”
to Anthony.
“Tony,” Steve pleaded with exasperation, taking a step towards the retreating genius and thinking about the right question to ask. He found it: “What do you want?”
, as Anthony had called it endless times before on their walks through the forest.
He really hoped it didn’t get to that point. He was rather conflicted about it but, again, it was his only shot and he had to do it right.
to someone and of course you would try to be on equal ground with that someone instead of taking full advantage. That’s so like you.”
Rhodey left a tense silence settle in the kitchen with the only intention of giving Tony enough time for his mind to catch up with his heart. Or maybe it was the other way around with the genius. Ten seconds later, the colonel thought it was adequate to continue.
“Okay, okay, I got it. Please stop being so damn cheesy in front of me, man. You’re freaking me out.” The sudden change of expression and tone was pretty evident when Rhodes' eyes were redirected to Tony, who let Steve go with a grin on his face directed towards his friend. “I think it’s great, Tony, really.” Steve’s enhanced hearing didn’t miss the acid undertones of the Colonel’s words.
. And then he would tell Clint, just to have someone to make jokes whenever Tony wasn’t around.
The injured animal recovered fast and with all the rage that only an animal could possess, it made to attack the brunette again. It was an unexpected turn of events when instead of Anthony having his throat bitten out, he got to hear a choked wail instead.
“Of course, dumbass, now hand me that cup ‘cause I haven’t had a decent cup of coffee in a while.” And just like that, Rhodes was his usual self around Tony, and Steve couldn’t stop regretting that he had just lost a battle to the Colonel. He comforted himself with the internal declaration that this whole conversation was merely Round One; he definitely would not lose the war.
At least Steve wasn’t as upset anymore as he had been when all of this disaster of a conversation started. Small victories considering how utterly annoyed he still was.
“That’s just-” Steve had a hard time imagining Tony being tortured in those caves, but the image of a little Tony Stark being kidnapped as if it were a regular occurrence made him want to be sick. “How many times?”
Steve believed every single word out of Pepper’s threat, but couldn't help but smile, anyway. She truly was an amazing woman.
“Well, it’s surely not because of that big smile and kind words of yours,”Steve replied sarcastically, “I just think that we started with the wrong foot and if we talk this out maybe we can find some common ground where at least we can tolerate each other for Tony’s sake.”
Barnes just looked back at the man with the same murderous look that had haunted Tony’s nightmares in the last several months.
“Oh my gods, Tony! Oh my
“Yeah, excuse my babbling. It was because, surprisingly enough, I give a damn about your opinion.” Tony muttered while trying to tame his hair once again. “I’ll go get the damn coffee,” he announced louder, heading for the kitchen.
“Tony, no matter how awful your self-esteem issues are,” Rhodey said reproachful, “a cheater is
Rhodes didn’t even try to nag him. At least it meant he was feeling a little better.
Not that Captain America was going to cower before it. “Sure, what’s up?”
“I love you,” Tony finally choked between dry sobs, but a second later a couple of tears escaped his eyes and rolled down his cheeks at his confession. The world recovered its colours in Steve's eyes; the air returned to his lungs and the unbearable weight that he had been carrying all along for months disappeared like a revitalizing punch. Steve felt reborn. He clung to each of Tony’s words, wanting to remember each letter, each sound until the end of his days.
“I would think your normal state would be something between
"Just admit that we are great together. That you are willing to fight for
“Hey!”
“Don’t forget your important meeting, Tones!” James shouted uselessly at Tony’s back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was getting angry at being ignored, and even though he knew about most of the points Rhodes was trying to overwhelm him with, and was aware of their veracity, the one that had disturbed him the most was the one that he didn’t know anything at all. Just thinking of someone taking Tony like that…
Bates, however, didn’t seem surprised or even truly disappointed by this turn of events, “How anti-climatic. You can’t blame a fella for trying, now can you?”
to cheat on me. Maybe she forced him?” he asked lamely.
. But still, it didn’t sound personal enough for the Colonel to hate him.
“You did something to me!” He yelled pointing a finger at Steve accusingly, “There’s no way in hell I would’ve said all that willingly just for being sleep-deprived!” When Steve didn’t comment or defended himself at his accusation, Tony grew even more irritated, “I wouldn’t have believed this if I weren’t experiencing this myself! Steve! What the hell did you do to me!?”
“I do deserve it,” Steve agreed easily with a chuckle. However, he sobered quickly while he added in a serious manner, “But my intentions were noble, I swear.”
She clarified with a chuckle.
“What?” Steve asked naively, not understanding what the big fuss was over. “I thought that we could fix things. Maybe start again?”
He went to the kitchen to start with the beverage and perhaps for the first time he felt relieved that Tony wasn't anywhere to be seen, and the only occupants of the room were the others having breakfast. Steve guessed that Tony was probably engrossed with something in the workshop; he seriously doubted that he would be in his room sleeping so shortly after they’d had an argument of the magnitude they had had a week ago. Tony normally needed at least that much of avoidance to get over it and start acting as if nothing happened, to Steve's utter frustration.
“I won’t,” he said simply with the resolve Captain America was attributed to, “We are going to stay here and be honest to each other at least until the duration of the enchantment is over and that’s final, Tony. I’m serious; we have to end this torturous little dance that we have been doing right now.”
“And that was the resume.” Steve knew that Tony was probably molding whole phrases for the sake of his anger. Steve considered the words rude even diluted like that.
I'll be making some grammar and volcabulary adjustments this month, so please bear with me. Love ya!
“You amuse Lord von Doom, Anthony,” von Doom commented in third person with a low cackle. “You seem to believe that an omega like yourself is to do anything else but what an alpha orders him to do. You seem to be in need of a lot of… enlightening.”
“Tony, stop.”
a small pause.
“So you could make me, no,
“How did you…?” Tony tried to ask, surprise reflected in his eyes. Steve could even recognize the hint of anger hidden in the depth of his dark-blue orbs. Tony was now pushing against his chest trying to make Steve let go so he could create some distance between them, except that Steve didn’t let him; he knew that Tony was more prone to get mad at him when he was out of his arms and the blonde simply didn’t feel like letting go, anyway. In addition, Steve really wanted all of this sorted out as soon as possible, which was unlikely to happen if he had to chase after Tony.
Steve, didn’t she?
“You wouldn’t.” Tony said but Rhodey could hear the hesitance on his words.
Anthony was a genius; educated in all arts, but excelling in all sciences. Steven barely knew how to read and write, and that was because Anthony taught him so he could try to read the same books he did while they were apart and thinking about the other. Not that Steven was stupid, far from it; Anthony considered him one of the most intelligent people he knew, maybe not cultured, but intelligent like nought. It was the fact that Steven had been left alone the moment his mother died when he had been barely ten years old, that he’d had to fend for himself.
“Were you aware, Tony?” Steve asked huskily letting Tony’s hardening member go in favour of getting rid of the genius’ undershirt in one swift movement so he would interrupt as little as possible their eye contact. Tony whined at the lost friction, but Steve ignored it in favour of asking his question more clearly, “Do I own your body?”
cottage in the
As Steve had anticipated, but still hoped it didn’t have to happen, Tony snapped out of his self-casted spell and rapidly tensed again. The genius pulled his arms away from his neck and on his chest in order to make another weak attempt to push Steve away. His eyes returned sharp and were now narrowed. Steve couldn’t care less and just moved his hand cupping Tony's cheek to join the one surrounding the genius' waist to properly squeeze him tighter towards Steve, effectively trapping Tony’s arms between his own and his chest.
“I was, uh. Serious about the blindfold thing though,” Iron Man adds. “Sorry.”
“Sure,” Iron Man says. The habitual cheer in his voice sounds a little forced. “Let me know when you’ve worked out the kinks.”
“And if I said it was personal?” Steve flings Iron Man’s own excuse back at him.
“You won’t be getting it tonight,” Tony informs him. “But, on the other hand…” He withdraws his foot, face pulling into an exaggerated grimace. “No one could reasonably expect me to stick my cock in
Realization doesn’t so much hit as crash into him like an out-of-control automobile and for a moment the world goes white.
And at the same time…
“It’s Natasha’s source. Not mine. I couldn’t tell you, even if I—” With rare tact, he cuts himself short.
You’re the kind of man who isn’t a man at all but a sinking ship. You’re the kind of man who was born to go it alone.
“Come in.”
Until
“It’s not enough,” your mouth cut and bleeding with the truth of it. “It was never going to be enough.”
“I would if I could,” Iron Man says again, and for a moment the wistfulness in his voice sharpens into something almost like yearning. It vanishes, gone as if it had never been, as he continues. “You go ahead and have your fun without me, okay? Pull out all the stops; really give me something to regret, and serve me right, for leaving you in the lurch.”
Tony adopts a sneer, flapping a dismissive hand. “Priorities skewed as ever, Rogers. I’m pretty sure the leader’s supposed to be
Steve smiles. “Gee, I hope so. I’d hate to disappoint your faith in me.”
Steve has allowed his eyelids to droop, but at that, they fly open, lips parting on a gasp. His hands clench, one knotting in the sheet, the other scrabbling against the smooth surface of Iron Man’s armored thigh.
Tony’s… never really taken well to the idea of
like that, bare—skin and secrets all—to Steve’s eye.
—even as the woman opens her mouth again: “I lo—”
Steve goes to the kitchen to fix himself dinner. It’s the first time he’s left his room in several days, but he’s finished the bagels and he’s hungry, and anyway, he’s sick and getting sicker by the hour of his four walls done up in tastefully neutral beige, of his earnest blue bedspread. He knows the reasons he had for locking himself away, and they’re still good reasons, but… surely an hour’s freedom can’t hurt? It’s not like any of the other Avengers are likely to be around. They’ve all got homes of their own to go to.
Tony finds he can speak after all.
and you know he must be even more affected than he wants to let on, because he stops at once. “It’s already started.”
Steve swallows fruitlessly as drool masses in his mouth. Tries not to let the shame show on his ruin of a face as he waits for whatever fresh indignity Tony has in store.
“Serum,” Steve says simply. “Come on,” and he pulls on Iron Man’s arm until Iron Man climbs back into bed. Steve releases his wrist in favor of wrapping his entire arm around Iron Man’s waist. The metal is cool against his skin, but not unpleasantly so. He tugs, pulling Iron Man closer.
. The kind that hang on the wall of meeting rooms, say, marking out time in steady intervals, offering order and comfort when the seconds seem to stretch into minutes and the minutes into hours with scarcely an end in sight.
Iron Man chuckles. “How scientifically minded of you. I know there was a reason I l—”
“You can’t tell. You can’t tell—” He doesn’t say the name, doesn’t even allow himself to think it. “—
what we’re shooting for. ‘Really’ too, if we can swing it. If you kneel on the bed, I can— Yeah, just like that.”
“Did you?” he asks.
The plan is set. The trap is laid. Everything over but the waiting. You’ve never really been good at that—never learned to bear inaction gracefully. It pulls at you, stretches you thin and taut and mean, and Maya’s not much better. Every time she looks your way you can see resentment simmering in her gaze like an unwatched pot. Look away too long, and who knows what could boil over?
For a moment, there’s nothing but the sound of flesh moving over flesh, fast and slick.
Steve gasps aloud, even as his hands fly to his chest, kneading at his—at his— God, he can barely bring himself to even
Something about Iron Man’s inflection seems to catch and pull at Steve, like the scrape of a hangnail.
Steve, who hasn’t made love to you since Extremis made you new. Steve, whose face twisted, whose head turned aside:
. He needs contact, needs connection—the intimate friction of flesh against flesh.
He forces his fingers to relax. “What can I say? I guess people just find me that fascinating.”
“Thor’s taking him in,” Iron Man says, dropping Steve’s hand. His voice has gone suddenly hard and flat, clipped in a way Steve has never heard from him before. “He volunteered. I think he’s pretty sore about the thing with the cape. You’re sure you’re…?”
He casts a longing glance towards the exit. Thor is already gone. Giant-Man and the Wasp are deep in conversation. As Steve watches, Giant-Man pulls open the door. Wasp’s smile lights up her face like the Rockefeller Centre Christmas tree. She pats him on the cheek and sashays through the doorway, Giant-Man at her heels. The door closes with an audible click.
And you thought:
He should really get up soon. Any minute now. Actually get up—get up and start his day. He’ll feel better for it—he’s always felt at his best when in action. He’ll change the sheets, that’s a good start. Take a shower.
Now, he rolls his shoulders back as he settles more comfortably into the chair, feeling a hum of pleasurable anticipation.
Behind the blindfold, Steve rolls his eyes.
“I’m not going to—”
“Tony,” Rogers says, and there’s pain in his voice now. This is it. This is what he wanted to hear before, on the phone call, everything he wanted and everything Rogers refused to give him and now it’s too late, it’s all too fucking
Stupid, to be so thrown by a fucking t-shirt. Of course you’ve got a few of Steve’s clothes, pilfered for sleepwear in happier days. You just haven’t worn them in so long, you forgot—
No. No, that’s crazy, that’s—
Iron Man’s hands are running back and forth over Steve’s shoulders and upper arms, a comfort and a torment.
“You’re sure about this?” Iron Man asks abruptly, and Steve realizes the other sounds have stopped.
“What happened to ‘quiet’?”
He’s pushed himself upright on the bed, hunching over the phone like it’s something he can contain. He can feel the conversation spinning out of control, and he wants to stop it, to wrench it back, but how can he when he doesn’t even understand what’s going wrong? “That’s not what I meant—”
He just doesn’t have the context, that’s the thing. There’s no way he can make it all fit—everything that just happened within the bounds of everything he knows about Iron Man. He can’t make it fit, and so the explanation must lie in one of the things he
“Your source.”
“Well,” Iron Man says. “Be seeing you, then.”
Does Iron Man shower? Surely he’d have to take off the armor for that but—does it even come off? All of it?
His brows are knit, and he’s looking at Tony hard, as if trying to divine the answer. As if, for some reason, it really matters to him.
“Hey.” The mattress dips beneath new weight; a hand curls across the top of Steve’s knee, rough and warm and unspeakably
said noble steed. He settles on a scene from the novel instead: Arthur and Merlyn at the battlements, overlooking their kingdom.
Not an issue at all.
There’s such earnestness in Iron Man’s voice that Steve can’t help but relax, if only a little.
Because you can tell that he really believes what he’s saying. Really believes that he’s just solved all your problems in one fell swoop. Everything is so fucking simple to him. You think you’ve loved that, at other times, in other places, but here, now, all you can think is that this will be what wrecks you.
So now you’re back at the tower, packing a bag. You have a flight to Washington set to leave in five hours. You’ve got several meetings set up already—some public, some discreet, and one or two entirely off the record—and one part of your mind is industriously arranging more: composing e-mails, making overtures. It’s the Kennedy Center Honors on Sunday. Not really your scene these days, but that’s part of the point. The price of political success is a certain amount of schmoozing. You need to be getting out there. To see and be seen. You need—
He raises one hand as if to touch Steve’s face.
toes, you amend as your sense of proprioception comes back online. Memory arrives in discrete fragments which gradually mass into a coherent narrative.
“He’d love this, you know?” Iron Man says abruptly. “Mr. Stark.”
“Promise me,” Steve says. Almost unbidden, his hand on the table scoots an inch or too closer to Iron Man’s.
Steve hears someone curse, but the sound seems oddly removed from him. Everything seems removed from him, displaced to somewhere at the end of a long tunnel—everything, except for the blistering stretch of Iron Man inside him.
“You’re all clenched up,” Iron Man tells him, voice gentle, undemanding. “If we’re going to do this, you need to relax.”
Sucking Iron Man’s cock is both everything and nothing like Steve imagined it.
The worst thing is, he’s not wrong. Steve has spent so much of his life as a vessel. First for its country, all its hopes and aspirations and most dearly treasured fantasies, then for the idol he made of his own rage, and now, finally, at the end of his life—of his
There’s a brief, strangely taut silence. Then Iron Man begins to laugh. He pulls out of Steve’s grasp, curling in on himself as the laughter goes on, far longer than seems at all warranted, a painful, wheezing chuckle that heaves in his lungs and catches in his throat.
It doesn’t get better.
This is your future. No room for sentiment, for tenderness. Just doing whatever it takes to get the job done.
“I can’t think of anything,” says Wasp.
Steve nods, runs his tongue along his teeth and arches his back. “I want more.”
“Cap,” he says, and even with his eyes closed he can feel the way Rogers leans in after him, swaying into the sound of Tony’s voice, hungry and yearning.
“No, I meant the
It isn’t always like this. Sometimes, on nights like these (and when did you last have a night that wasn’t?), he wakes up first. Often, then, he’ll reach out to you, pull you from your dreaming into the warmth and solace of his arms. Is it cowardice or courage when you turn to him, let him close you in his embrace?
The restlessness is on him again, the need for activity. He’s so tired of feeling useless, of sitting around and letting things happen, even when those things are movies or radio pods. He looks at the door and feels a tick in his jaw—glances over toward the desk, half hoping for some sort of work to just materialize, when his eye falls on the sketchbook, still pristine and untouched inside its vacuum-sealed packaging. Yet another gift from Tony, not that Tony and his gifts are something Steve really wants to be— Anyway.
Steve’s mind may be blurred and blotted with need, but he’s still a strategist. Iron Man’s not sure Steve wants this? Then Steve will just have to convince him.
There’s a bum standing on the sidewalk near you, come to gape at the fire. His hair is dark—dark enough to buy you time. You swap clothes with him and disappear into the night.
“Still a man,” Iron Man echoes. “Yeah.” The odd note fades from his voice as he leans back in his chair, looking a little more at ease. “Don’t beat yourself up about it, Cap.” Iron Man always did know how to read him. “Pledged not to pry, right? It’s good that you haven’t… I mean, it’s nice. That you still count me as a friend and never… God dammit.” There’s a crackle of static as Iron Man exhales noisily into the modulator.
If it was just some kind of… twisted alien sex drug, then… that was okay, then, wasn’t it? It was okay to feel like this, to think these things, about Tony. It wasn’t his fault. No one could hold him to blame if he—
Steve comes to a halt, jaw clenching. He resists the urge to knock the hand away.
“Sounds to me like Mr. Stark’s the one you should really be talking to. Or did you just miss me that much? You know you never need an excuse to see me.”
. That it was— That it could—” He continues to shake his head, even as the words fall away.
It’s gibberish. A pipe dream.
There are moments when everything changes.
(And Steve himself a husk, a derelict, an empty house desperate for a haunting—)
“I’ll. Um. Be back in a moment,” Iron Man says again. The bed creaks as he stands. Steve hears his footsteps pad across the floor.
“An Iron Man’s work is never done?”
He feels the touch of something cold, an echo of that earlier desolation. Surely there’s no way— He can’t have been reading things that wrong this whole time, thinking Iron Man didn’t mind, thinking maybe he even wanted it, being there with Steve—that was real, wasn’t it? He’d scarcely even thought to doubt—
Maybe you can do this, after all.
And yeah, maybe that hadn’t worked out so well for him with the chaise longue, but this was a different piece of furniture, and anyway, it wasn’t really a question of strength so much as will. Steve had that in spades. All he needed to do was put it to work.
Once he’s unwrapped the bandages and carefully daubed off his face, he opens his eyes and examines himself in the mirror.
You take another breath. This time the pain is almost bracing.
Steve knows.
“You, uh. Care to share the joke?”
. Is it— Sorry, none of my business.”
He lets out a breath.
Steve nods. “Thor?”
better than that.
Memory flashes across his mind.
And okay, so maybe he’s being a little overcritical. More critical than he’d normally be, at any rate, but why should that be, when he’s been feeling so good? Really, really good—the thought is almost plaintive—centered and healthy and—
Steve looks… like shit, frankly, his features drawn, his posture tight, one hand on the door, the other jammed awkwardly into the front pocket of his jeans. But he doesn’t look angry. You find yourself, not for the first time, at a loss for words. Your prescience has failed you. You don’t know what to do if he’s not here to fight.
“Is— Was that okay?” he asks, but he knows the answer. Of course it’s not okay; you can’t just go flinging people around in bed, especially not when you’re a supersoldier. He didn’t even think—this damn fever in his blood sapping his reason and judgement and now he’s— now he’s—
over this? Or getting there at least, Jesus.
Half without meaning to, he flexes, just a little.
He chances a glance over at Iron Man. Iron Man’s posture is attentive, but otherwise inscrutable. Steve looks away again.
he should be beyond embarrassment by now. “I know. But Rostro, he said— Called you ‘Tony Stark’s wind-up toy’ and I—”
“How many?” he asks, eyes shut tight.
More knocking, followed by the sound of the doorknob turning. Oh god. Surely Steve hasn’t forgotten to lock the door?
known him better. Or, just maybe, that he should’ve known Iron Man better. A signal failure; a break-down along the lines of intimacy.
The light overhead is very bright. Steve squeezes his eyes shut.
billionaire philanthropist whose mansion we’re living in.”
“You have to promise me,” Steve grinds out. “
. . .
There’s a queasy sort of fluttering in your gut—excitement, or fear, or just the random misfirings of an overloaded nervous system.
He just wants to be kissed.
to, god knows. But you could. It would be so damn
Tony resumes his pacing. “All right. Okay. Fine. I mean, obviously it’s
“Shellhead?” he says, tentatively.
Tony’s mouth has gone dry. He shuts his eyes.
Iron Man makes an odd hiccoughing sort of noise, a little like a laugh and a little like a sob and not very much like either.
Iron Man goes very still.
The thing is, he’s never had much experience in
On Capitol Hill, the junior senator from Montana sends a backchannel proposal through a private e-mail server: increased farming subsidies for her state in return for a yes vote on a certain controversial bill. If the bill makes it through the House, of course. From the tone of the e-mail, the junior senator from Montana doesn’t find it likely, but then, what does Montana care about superhumans?
Honestly, it’s not even cute how many title changes this went through—I’m starting to suspect I might be overthinking things. Like, this is just for porn, right? Right???
There’s a faint roaring in Steve’s ears.
Steve can’t prevent the noise that escapes him then, nasal and needy and high-pitched, a sound with no dignity to it.
“I told you it was… worse. Than it’s ever been. But it’s also… It’s not usually picky. About who I find— I find a lot of people, uh. Appealing. Attractive. But this time it’s… It’s only one. And every time something reminds me…”
Except then he came back, and he saved you, like he’ll keep coming back, like he’ll keep trying to save you, because that’s the kind of man he is. And maybe you’re three parts drunk, but you’re not too sozzled not to know what kind of man
“Sorry,” he says, wincing. “I just remembered, I’ve got to… go…” He scrambles for a plausible excuse. “Talk to Iron Man.”
“I’m sorry,” Iron Man says unsteadily. “I’m so sorry, I’m not laughing at you, I promise.”
A moment of silence.
But what if—
Iron Man gives an uneven laugh. “S-sure you do, tough guy.” His voice is strained. “But that’s no reason not to take it slow, at least to start. Easy does—
Tony plants his hands on the edge of the desk, bracing himself. Darkness crowds at the edges of his vision. His chest feels cavernous, scraped raw, his own breathing echoing in his ears rough and ragged as the sea. This is what it feels like, drowning on dry land.
“Tony?”
.” The words collapse into a moan as one of Iron Man’s hands sneaks around the curve of Steve’s ribs, dragging warmth up his sternum and then down again towards his belly.
You’re not actually sure which of you kissed the other first. It’s a question that will haunt you in its irresolution.
Well. Tonight is about what I want.”
So yeah, no Tony this chapter, sorry. It was gonna be this one, but then Iron Man had to go into slow collapse off camera and skew the plot. Next one, I promise. Which I will hopefully not need a full calendar year and a global pandemic to produce JESUS.
The rush of gratitude Steve feels is almost humiliating in its intensity. Biting his lip, he nods.
Steve forces a smile. “Thanks. You’re a real pal.”
At the moment, for example, he is deep in the grip of a profound nostalgia for clocks.
, he imagines Iron Man saying, and smiles again.
Rogers sits up a little straighter, plants his feet more firmly. Tony’s never really been one for the wheeling and dealing side of corporate life, but he knows enough to recognize the posture: the pleasantries are over. Now it’s time for business. Which is good, he reminds himself as something twists in his stomach. Which is what he
“Well,” Iron Man says at last. “It’s about time.”
It was just this way Tony had sometimes of needling a fellow, poking and prodding at his weak points, wriggling his way under Steve’s skin with a barbed quip—
Iron Man lets out a startled huff of laughter. “What, just like that? Not a big believer in foreplay, huh?”
“What is it?” Iron Man asks, with sharp concern. “What’s wrong?”
Steve lets Iron Man lead him into the bathroom. He lets him hand him a washcloth and untie the knot on the bandage around his head.
“—or I can blast the lock.”
Except there was Corporal Monaghan, who’d made a pass at him behind the barracks one night, and Steve’d never told—
Circumstances, say, that don’t involve an impromptu, post-Avengers-finance-meeting brunch, and most of the team gathered around the kitchen table while Wasp teases Tony about a gala both of them attended the previous night.
“Oh, I didn’t mind,” Steve assures him, stifling the yawn currently threatening to balloon its way out of his throat. “I liked it, actually. It was good. You really sounded like him that time.”
“I…” Tony’s face pulled into some parody of a smile. “To be perfectly honest, I’m not sure.”
Iron Man gives a little gasp. “That’s cheating,” he says. “Using the Captain America voice like that.”
The hours of the day stretch long and empty before him.
Funny, the way thinking of him swallows up everything else. Like lagging software, out of date and bloated with the history between you. Put those thoughts aside and look how smoothly you run. You’re skimming the news, you’re liaising with an Oakland construction company to repair the damage to Sal’s roof, you’re running through the key points of tomorrow’s DoD meeting, you’re triple-checking the math on your latest repulsor upgrade, you’re—
it, how it creeps into your body, winching the tendons tighter around restless bones.
Not enough for the simmer in his blood, for the heat and tingling pressure mounting in his limbs, for the pulse pounding in his throat.
Tony pulls out his phone. Silences the alarm. Puts the phone away.
“Cap?”
He remembers.
“Only a couple of minutes,” Wasp says.
“I mean,” Iron Man continues, “you’ve been champing at the bit to get back into the field, haven’t you?”
“I’m sure.”
.” He touches Steve’s cheek with the back of his gauntlet and Steve turns his head, trying clumsily to kiss his hand.
Far away, beyond the closed door, above the rise and fall of voices someone begins to laugh.
Steve twitched his shoulders, trying to shake free the slow, crawling heat that had somehow insinuated itself just beneath his skin.
“I can’t explain it, but believe me, you’d be laughing too if you— At least, I hope you would. It just, um. It occurs to me there’s a really simple solution to your problem. That’s all.”
Iron Man is almost spluttering now. “But he—he wasn’t at the battle, he—”
The words lick hot trails down Steve’s spine. He shudders. That’s information he definitely could have gone without.
“Hey,” Iron Man’s voice says. “Hey, shh. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to tease. I’ve got you now.”
So he’d appreciated that he and Iron Man were able to build such a rapport without ever removing the masks. As if it was okay to be nothing more than Cap and Iron Man; Winghead and Shellhead. As if that could be
Well. ‘Comes back’ isn’t quite right, considering that implies that the cycles ever left off, and sure, seven months is definitely the longest since the serum Steve’s gone without one of his… ‘funny spells,’ as he’s taken to thinking of them, but they’ve never been the most regular things in the world. So all told, it’s not exactly a surprise when he feels that first flush of heat, that sudden prickle of interest low in his belly.
“You reckless, self-righteous—” He takes in a breath. He won’t waste time trying to name all the things Steve Rogers is. There aren’t enough words to cover them anyway. “What the fuck were you thinking, coming here? Were you thinking at all? Is there a brain in that muscle-bound head of yours? How—”
He twitches his shoulders and rubs a hand over his face. “It’s— Usual channels, I suppose. I haven’t really looked into it. It’s not like they’re packing anything worth writing home about. A few military grade guns. IEDs. If you set aside the domestic and international terrorism it’s kind of below my paygrade, to be honest. Why—you got a lead on their supplier or something?”
Inch by inch, the pain is becoming impossible to ignore. Steve lets himself sink into it, lets himself become nothing more than what he is: a body, distressed. His neck cricks, his jaw aches, his cheeks are sore and pulled. The wooden floor is impossibly hard against his worn-down, old-man’s knees. Every minute is a battle, and at the end, no reward but the increasingly stringent demands of the next.
This as a pillow smacks into what Steve is almost positive is Iron Man’s chest.
Iron Man’s arms come forward and haul Steve against his chest, squeezing with a delicious and irresistible pressure. He hooks his chin over Steve’s shoulder and rocks them both back and forth. His voice crackles like wood on a fire, and Steve thinks of heat and flame and smoke-stained ruin.
Steve looks over in time to see Iron Man lift an arm and rub the back of his neck. It’s an odd gesture—surely he can’t feel anything through the suit?
“No!” Steve snaps, “I— Jeez, Shellhead, what exactly do you think this is?”
Steve’s lips part, and it’s all he can do not to echo the question back.
last millenium.” He pushes himself to his feet, swallowing a groan as his joints ache and pop. The fight catching up to him at last. Or maybe he’s just getting old. “I’m going to have a drink. Feel free not to join me.”
Rogers grimaces. “Not yet. But we’ve got something else.” He reaches down to retrieve a leather satchel at his feet and sets it on the table. “I think this is a little closer to your paygrade.”
“Don’t stop.”
Thank you, thank you, thank you to demigodscum for very energizing cheerreading, and wynnesome and cptxrogers for invaluable betawork and brainstorming help!
Steve moans out an affirmative.
Steve blinks, because that’s not right, Iron Man’s the one who calls him Winghead, not Tony—
“Flying solo?” Iron Man suggests, and puts up his hands as if to ward off Steve’s glare. “Sorry, sorry. I’ll stop helping.”
So I saw Endgame and no spoilers (up here anyway, feel free to scream at me on tumblr or in the comments), but I decided it was time to get back fixing Civil War. Something manageable.
It isn’t as satisfying as he might’ve expected.
“You want
s with Iron Man’s letter lying unread not two feet away?
“I don’t care what you thought,” he interjects. “The only thing I care about is whatever’s in that bag, and even then only barely. So budge up.” He sets the suit to disengage.
In fact, from a strategic standpoint, Stark was probably the best possible person to be stuck with. Steve had hobnobbed with some big brains in his day—Abraham Erskine had certainly been no slouch in that department—but he’d never seen anything to match Tony. If they really
“If it’s the awkwardness factor,” Iron Man says, and his voice is so careful, “which is perfectly understandable, given the circumstances, I could always— I mean, I’d be happy to broach the subject with him if you—”
“Oh,” Tony said, softly. Then again, “
, streaked with grease and up to his arms in machinery with a smile on his face that could power the world—
“Well. Good thing I came prepared, then.” His voice drops. “I’m going to take care of you, Cap. You just relax.”
Just focus on the task at hand, that’s the thing. Rogers’ mystery weapon. Not because Rogers wants him to—because it’s all Rogers apparently thinks he’s good for, but because it’s what he’s best at. Because he’s the best at
“And, enter!”
He decides that he likes it.
How old would Iron Man be? Not too old, surely, to be able to go out into the field and take the kind of punishment Iron Man endures on a regular basis. Steve wonders if he’s handsome. There’s something about the way he holds himself sometimes, particularly in battle, that makes Steve think he might be—as if he’s used to commanding attention. But then, Iron Man can be so self-deprecating. Wouldn’t a handsome man be more confident? Unless something had happened to shake that confidence. Maybe there’s a reason other than a generous benefits package that Iron Man spends all his time in a metal suit. An injury, maybe. But surely an injured man wouldn’t have accepted such a dangerous position?
Steve stops trying to think about Tony.
to know, if this is something new he could be facing.
For some reason, your breath catches.
He doesn’t wait for a response, just flashes another perfunctory smile and shuts the door in Iron Man’s face.
still, in spite of everything.
What you
Anyway. That happened. Turned out a little angstier than expected but whatcha gonna do. THAT SAID, I just wrote a chapter about Iron Man roleplaying Tony Stark, BADLY (I still can't believe I did that), I have been looking forward for weeks to pulling this nonsense on you, and I would love to hear what you think. <3
, that he’s alone.
Someone is whimpering, desperate little noises of pleasure and need. There are words mixed in among the whimpering.
Anger, for him, has always sat so very, very close to grief.
So he’s an asshole. Not above the cheap shot. It’s not like everyone doesn’t know that already. And better some small cruelties now, to preserve the distance between them, than—
“No? You don’t want me to come?”
He’s still breathing hard. His face, he knows, is a wreck, sweat and tears running down to meet the mess on his cheeks.
The fight is challenging, but far from the most challenging they’ve faced. Rostro seems largely content to hurl insults from above, leaving his army to do most of the work. The clones possess inhuman strength and agility and a limited capacity for flight, but they don’t seem particularly intelligent.
— “That’s the problem.”
He couldn’t have been… testing the waters, could he? It seemed ridiculous, to think that someone like Tony Stark would ever… But it was a possibility.
need you.”
Good thing Tony wasn’t here after all, to see the effect of all his sly little insinuations. He’d probably laugh himself sick. Oh, Steve knew what they all thought of him—old-fashioned, uptight. A relic. Stark was no better than the rest of them. Mr. Big Shot, Mr. Cosmopolitan—he’d probably never felt out of place a day in his life.
“That’s what I’m here for,” and again, there’s something just this side of
, no, how could you think—”
Iron Man’s hands have stilled again. “That okay?” he asks.
For a minute Steve struggles with himself, fighting down the awareness of absence, the icy spill of it across his innards.
Steve rakes a hand through his hair and pulls, hard, balanced on a knife’s edge of incredulity and frustration. “Yeah, because pimping myself out to you would definitely be the honorable thing to do—”
“Yeah,” he says, a little more color in his voice. “Yeah, that’s it. You’re doing great.” His spare hand strokes Steve’s flank as Steve draws breath in shallow gasps and blinks away stars.
at this, he’s sure he did—despite his lack of skill bears a distinct and undeniable resemblance to Tony.
“It’s—” Steve starts to say something banal and inadequate, like, “it’s good,” or “it’s fine,” but the words won’t leave his mouth.
Rogers slides him one of those wry glances. “Well, they’re not great.”
“I have other houses,” you say, like an asshole.
He imagines Tony gazing up at him, the dark wells of his eyes—imagines pushing him back, the slick pop as the seal of his mouth breaks loose from Steve’s skin—imagines Tony on his knees, supplicant, like a pilgrim seeking benediction, and no words at all on his lips because none are needed, it’s all there, in his eyes—
His face is flushed, though whether from the heat of the washcloth or something else he can’t tell. His eyes are very bright. His lips are bruised with color, red and a little bit swollen, and his hair is sticking up at odd angles. He looks thoroughly debauched.
Another unanswerable question. Steve wants to believe that what he needs, more than anything else, is not to need anything at all, but his cock is growing harder by the minute, and Tony a bright-eyed specter in his mind, and Iron Man is here and asking what he
He feels a faint stirring of interest in his nether regions, and files the thought away for later examination.
“I have to—” he rasps, and somehow it’s so much worse, to be there in public, with the eyes of the city—the eyes of his teammates, two pairs questioning, one pair widening in realization—upon him, all the scrutiny so much oil on the fire burning inside him as the longing climbs rapidly towards a fever-pitch, as a single name pulses through his veins like the beating of drums—
Steve wonders if it’s gratitude or resentment he’s feeling.
. It doesn’t
be repulsors—Steve can feel it now, the force underlying the heat.
Rogers is frowning. His hands start to lower and he makes as if to step forward—
Strange, though, that the door should be enough to block out all sound but still let through the steam from the pool. He could smell it even more strongly than before, that humid, rolling fragrance. It reminded him of the pearls Jan used to drop into her bath at the end of a long day, that sweet floral note, entirely feminine in the way it both soothed and captivated—
, Steve thinks, and then, surprising himself a little,
Tony’s voice has already gone distant. Steve knows that if he could lift his head, he’d see Tony’s eyes washed out again in blue.
“Close your eyes.”
Then what the hell
“I thought,” Rogers begins uncomfortably, and Tony, sharply and suddenly, can’t bear to hear another excuse from his lips, another justification.
Steve just nods, utterly unequal to responding properly to the joking innuendo.
Steve’s abs tighten as he hauls himself into a half-seated position, hands still tugging fruitlessly at his cock.
The book is one Iron Man had lent him, a somewhat irreverent retelling of Arthurian legend. From the printing date and battered state of the spine, Steve has surmised that it’s a childhood copy, much reread, and is secretly a little touched by the gesture. Iron Man shares so little of his life outside the suit. Steve thinks of him now as a young boy, curled up in bed with his book, and laughs out loud as he realizes he’s picturing this younger version of his friend complete with a miniaturized helmet and chest plate.
Steve blinks. Is he imagining things, or is that sweat beginning to bead along his brow?
bed—yours and his. A thousand nights of memories on those sheets. Can he feel them as you do, roiling like ghosts, choking-thick upon the air?
The sincerity seems to hang in the air, a moment of almost tangible connection.
Iron Man breathes out a curse, then, raising his voice, he says, “I’m going to go shut the door. I’ll be back in a moment. Don’t run out on me, okay?”
It’s a
There’s a faint chinking sound. Steve looks down to see a crack in the side of his glass, starting just beneath his thumb and radiating down, jagged as a fork of lightning. Looks like he’s got some pent-up energy to work off. What else is new.
“Oh.” Steve dismisses this with a grimace and a wave of his hand. A slightly guilty expression crosses his face a moment later, and you really do almost laugh—Steve does love his reports—but he barrels on regardless. “That’s not… I know what happened. I want to know what it was
When… Is he talking about you and Maya?
Steve bites his tongue, then hurries on before he can think better of it. “Listen, Shellhead, before you go— We’re… okay, right? You and me?”
And here they are.
It’s probably just Jarvis, or maybe one of the Avengers, or—
No, that was crazy. It was a joke, it was just a stupid—
You open your mouth. Close it again. What can you possibly say to that?
on you! You can’t possibly—”
“I think I’ll be okay,” Rogers says, adding, to the thin air, “Thank you, FRIDAY.”
Then he sits up straight and puts back his shoulders, features settling into a smile like something out of a toothpaste ad. “Oh, you know,” he says. “A gentleman never tells.” And winks.
next time: Let's not be coy here, friends. You know what's coming. Or should I say,
“Well,” Iron Man says. “I don’t want to pry, but if there’s anything I can do, anything at all—”
as a hand slips behind his balls—
When Iron Man speaks again, his voice is both quieter and much closer than before, and Steve realizes he must be bending down, leaning over as if to impart a secret.
You feel yourself beginning to tremble.
Steve, that he’d have to leave some of it on. Steve understands why he might’ve wanted to keep the helmet—too easy to identify a face through contours alone, even without the benefit of sight, and there was the question, too, of Iron Man’s voice. But Iron Man took the helmet off in the end, if only for a little while, and that—Steve licks his lips, remembering—that was a hell of a thing.
“Are you done?”
Dozens of figures in identically garish costumes begin to pour into the streets.
You wonder if it’s always been in you, this capacity for treachery, or if it’s yet another gift of your new body.
Steve doesn’t actually hear what else some people like, but he’s pretty sure he’s one of them, because the feeling of his fingers tightening around his nipples is so acute he barely knows whether it’s pleasure or pain. Whatever it is, it goes straight to his cock, and he’s close now, he’s so damn close he can taste it—
He’s not here to participate. He’s here to be used.
All the world narrows down to a single, molten point, like the big bang in reverse. Everything rushes and swirls and contracts around the place where Iron Man’s mouth meets his skin.
“Though I’m sad I wasn’t there for the start of this, whether it counted or not,” Iron Man continues, voice husky even through the modulator. “It must have been quite the sight.”
He gives his head a little shake to clear it. His throat is tight; his lungs won’t seem to fill properly.
Steve rips his mind back to the present. If this conversation continues much longer his preoccupation is going to start to show. In an unambiguous and thoroughly incriminating fashion.
No, it wasn’t anything like this, this twitchy, circular fixation, this slow massing of heat deep down where he’d never asked heat to go.
a bit more like it. It sounds like, even if Iron Man
His hand flies to his lips. “Jesus.” He takes a few aimless, stumbling steps and catches himself against the edge of the desk.
“—so good,” Iron Man promises. “Just—on the count of three, okay? I want you to pinch both your nipples as hard as you can, okay?”
He imagines
Except, of course, that it wasn’t a blow. The armor just needed recharging. A small, simple thing, eminently reasonable. It wasn’t that Iron Man
“Mr. Stark said you wanted to speak to me?”
“Winghead, what the
Tony goes still.
He tries to think of Tony, more out of reflex than anything else—tries to imagine another mouth, sharp-edged, mobile and generous, and feels, just for a moment, the roughness of a mustache brush against the base of his cock. But then the feeling is gone and the fantasy is sliding away from him. His mind is all slippery heat, and offers no traction.
You open your eyes.
how about that? That little factoid slip your notice? The Carnelian police force is corrupt, their military is beyond incompetent, and their economy’s been in freefall ever since these fucking reactionaries started frightening away foreign investors. Poverty’s slower than a bomb, but it’ll kill you just the same.”
Definitely too much.
So much to do. You’ll need to talk to Nick. To Kooning. Get your assets unfrozen. Remove any shadow of suspicion that might still cling to your name. You’ll need to reach out to Reed, to Bob, to Carol. Repair those cracked alliances, and start building new ones. Peter is loyal. If you can connect with him now…
taking an interest now, but he forces himself to focus, to listen for Iron Man’s response.
It’s messy, not messy in the filthy, deliberate way of his fantasies—
His hips are moving of their own accord, bucking upward, driving him further and further into Iron Man’s mouth, and that’s—that’s wrong he knows, he shouldn’t— He tries to still himself, but two hands slide beneath his ass, lifting it upwards, an invitation.
Tony feels suddenly drained. “Why
, however—he’s currently… ‘stable’ might be one way to put it, but that could change at any moment, now that he no longer has the rush of adrenaline to distract him—he’s not really in a state to appreciate the long-term advantages of being trapped in a meeting with no end in sight.
anywhere—the universe and everything in it one ever branching chain of causality, leading back to a single, molten instant of origin. But there are… tipping points. Places where the future solidifies. Where possibility slides into probability and probability crystallizes into certainty.
, Steve feels great and everything is fine. (:
You think you loved him all the more fiercely after that, a vigorous, implacable ache of a love, constant and relentless in its motions as the hands of a clock. A feeling sowed with the salt-bitter promise of its own ending, the way you’d love anything singular and lovely and cherished and impossible to keep.
You realize your hand is still folded in his and snatch it away. “I hid things from you! I lied to you, I— Jesus, Steve, I
Because he kind of wants to know. What it is. What could be dire enough—and strange enough—that Rogers would chance a meeting, and all its attendant risks, just to seek out Tony’s expertise. Because he
“But why?”
jerking himself raw over sordid fantasies of Iron Man’s employer
“Should you be sitting up?” Iron Man turns to the group at large. “Should he be sitting up?”
He hears a faint
It’s a reasonable enough explanation. Steve might even have believed it, if it wasn’t for everything that came before.
Every interaction he has with Rogers feels like teetering on the edge of a cliff and he can’t— He
“Bathroom door’s still open, isn’t it?” Steve didn’t hear it close. “Just…” He mimes an overhand pitch with his spare hand.
Steve can feel himself flushing. Surely,
Why’d you do it?”
“Cut that out,” Steve orders. “What a godawful racket.”
“It wasn’t nothing,” Steve says, firmly.
Still, he can’t help but feel it as a loss. Another bit of him buried in the distant past. Unrecoverable.
He cuts himself off, not entirely sure what he’s accusing Iron Man of thinking, only fiercely, entirely certain that Iron Man
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe Iron Man’s familiarity with these agencies isn’t personal at all, not in
He starts to laugh.
“It’s—” he says, and licks dry lips. “It’s the serum.”
The helmet next. Resolutely, Steve avoids imagining any of the details of Iron Man’s face. Don’t think about his chin—pointed or broad? About his cheeks—full? gaunt? somewhere between? About his brows, about his lips—
Steve’s face, his brain, his whole body is on fire, and worst of all, his dick finally twitches and starts to fill, just a little. Tony must notice, or maybe he just knows Steve that well, because he thrusts hard and holds, just as he bends down to whisper:
Well.
Too much? Too
“I just can’t believe,” he’s saying, “I mean… I’ve seen a thing or two, but Arthur? The actual King Arthur? That’s something else, you know?”
“Tell me that’s not how you see it,” Steve commands, hating the way it comes out more like a plea. “As ‘services rendered.’”
Iron Man comes back. Steve permits himself to be wiped down. The gentle friction of the washcloth sets something glowing inside him, a warmth that is nothing like the burning heat he felt before. He arches a little into Iron Man’s touch.
Iron Man pulls away again and taps Steve twice on the flank.
Steve bites down on his lip and puts up his hands. “I’m sorry,” he says, angling himself so he’s no longer blocking you in, and in that moment you come as close as you ever have to hating him, for his consideration, for his perseverance. For being so
“Pedant,” Iron Man accuses, a note of fondness creeping into his voice. He sighs. “What do you want? Should I stay or should I go?” When Steve doesn’t answer straight away, he starts to sing. Steve rather suspects that Iron Man wouldn’t have much of a voice even without the distortion of the vocal modulator, but with it, the sound issuing from Iron Man’s mouth can barely be called music at all.
that name. His superpower is a tricked-out glue gun.”
What are you
And that was Tony’s fault too, now Steve came to think of it. All those ridiculous fairy tales about… what was it?
you want to argue,
Now he cradles his forehead in one big hand, and sighs. “I guess,” he says, and then he doesn’t say anything for a little while. “I guess I was mostly hoping you could answer a question for me.” A bit of old New Yawk has crept into his voice, the way it does in his most unguarded moments. “’Cause I’ve been turning it over and over in my head and I can’t— God knows things have been rough lately and a lot of that’s on me, but what I can’t figure out is
“Because if not, I don’t mind— I’m more than happy to bottom, or to do something else entirely, if that’s what you—”
The rest of Steve’s morning is… good.
Steve shakes his head. “Whatever you need,” he says. It comes out almost like a plea.
“No,” Iron Man says, “I know. But I should. Got my own digs to be getting back to.”
as in life, working his hand
Oh god.
Maybe this is how it ends.
He grins a shark-toothed grin and snaps a photo as saliva spills out of Steve’s mouth and oozes down his chin.
. He’s like an animal; this is what his cycle has reduced him to, and still he needs it, he
“You couldn’t have paid Ross a visit, if you were that desperate for a jail cell?” A laugh crawls its way out of his chest. “No, you just had to come here, didn’t you?”
“Took them off a group of SGB militants,” he says. “Zembra district.”
Rogers’ mouth thins at the implication, but all he says is, “I was careful.”
Surely Iron Man can’t be offering what it sounds like he’s offering?
Tony leaps to his feet, unable to sit still for a minute longer. He walks to the window, staring blankly at the scattered lights of the city below him. He can feel Rogers’ gaze tracking him as he moves.
“It’s the only voice I’ve got.”
It takes a few moments for Steve to get his breathing back under control. “I know,” he says, finally. “I know you won’t. I’m sorry. I do trust you, Shellhead. You’re the only one I ever— It’s just… hard.”
“Well, I do,” Iron Man says sharply. “I’m not doing this to hurt you. That’s the last thing I—” He makes a frustrated noise. Then, more gently: “I want to help you feel better.” His finger skates back and forth over Steve’s entrance, probing with gentle pressure at the place where the muscle turns inwards, and if Steve has ever wanted anything more than he wants this, he can’t remember it now.
And then—
Rogers nods, like he expected this. “Not many,” he repeats, “and getting fewer.”
“And that’s why you did it,” he summarizes. “It was a bad situation, and she was there.”
“I should call you in,” Tony says. “Christ, I should— I’m the international face of justice and you’re a goddamn criminal.”
Steve swallows. That thrust sent Iron Man’s cock scraping across his prostate, and his brain seems to have gone dark and slow and sticky-sweet. It’s like trying to think through a head filled with blackstrap molasses.
“Should you be telling me this?”
The helmeted head turns, fractionally, his way, and Steve realizes he’s been caught staring. He looks hastily away, staring down at the table. Soon. Soon this will all be over and he can apologize to Iron Man, to T—
The groin plate, yes, that would be it.
As always, your comments are my lifesblood.
“Okay,” Iron Man says. “So, I’m going to ask you a question, and I need you to answer me honestly.”
Steve isn’t so lust-addled yet that he can’t decipher the meaning behind Iron Man’s words. It’s just that that meaning seems so utterly incredible. Iron Man’s offering to dirty talk about his own boss just to please Steve, and he’s worried
Now he just feels as if he’s been taking Iron Man for granted.
that your repulsors actually dim and you stutter to a stop in the sky.
,” Iron Man rasps. “Just like that,
Tonight, the effects feel different. Weaker. Steve barely has time to shudder through the unnatural feeling of change before that feeling is gone. He feels haler, a little, but his joints are still aching.
“Under,” Tony says, nudging Steve’s knee with his foot.
He dreams of Tony, the warmth of his breath as he presses a kiss to the back of Steve’s neck. He knows it’s Tony he dreams of because he can feel, quite distinctly, the bristling scrape of a mustache against his skin. He thinks he dreams of other things, too, but those he can’t quite remember.
Steve stands there for a few long moments, helpless in the face of the hurt he has caused.
The silence following these words is weirdly long.
Steve shuts his eyes. Lets his arms fall limp. What’s the point in pretending? He’s not going anywhere.
for this, so yeah, you blow him off and you get the hell out of Dodge and you try not to think that
been kidnapped by— by—
than the Avengers have traditionally aimed for, which is what you and Steve are arguing about, but better some lowlife like the Dynamo than the civilian he was threatening, and anyway, you restarted his heart with no damage done so it’s not like it really counts.
You shrug, helpless—as if you’re going to stop him?—and he sinks into the easy chair to the left of the night table. You’ve seen him there so often, after a battle or just a particularly difficult day, flipping through stacks of Avengers reports or, less frequently, a newspaper or one of those pulpy fantasy novels he likes so much.
You never imagined he might want to stay. Of course you’re not going to throw him out into the streets. The tower is his home; you’re not going to take that away from him. Not after everything else you’ve taken.
Choose. Between what? The Avengers had given him friends, a home, a
“And now, I’m guessing you’ve got a bridge you want to sell me.”
Yeah.
He’s almost out the door before Steve’s managed to get his vocal chords to work.
And stops.
don’t want to—”
“But you’re not…” Steve jerked his head at the towel, and its disappointing lack of a bulge.
Iron Man’s hand brushes his arm, and Steve resists the urge to catch it and raise it to his lips. That would probably be too much. Now that they’re not… anymore.
So many choices, over the years—so many moments, so many potential turning points. Nothing ever really
There is a man on the streets, ragged and half-frozen, clutching a newborn baby in his arms and thinking, maybe life is something worth fighting for.
“You won’t have to take me in, Tony. You
Steve jerks forward in his chair, hands clamping down on the armrests. “Because you were changing! You were changing yourself and you were pulling away from me and I didn’t know how— I couldn’t—”
next time: All of the blow jobs.
You turn inwards, programming directly into your brain. Inject a line of code into your wetware, turn the dial on the pleasure centers up to eleven. You have just enough time to be satisfied with this practical solution to a practical problem before Maya clenches down again and you come, shatteringly.
If Iron Man notices anything out of the ordinary, he gives no sign that Steve can discern.
Still no reaction from Iron Man.
Steve ducks his head and takes a breath. “I just wanted to say thank you. For—” He shakes his head. “You know I’ve never actually told anyone about this before? I mean, Erskine was dead, and it was such a…” He grimaces. “…a personal thing, and it’s not like anyone thought to ask, so. Thank you.”
“Because, Colonel, even if I don’t think I’m good enough yet, I’m not prepared to let Tony go without giving my best to be able to become what he deserves one day. I’m selfish that way.” He stated seriously. “That’s why, even if I owe you so much for taking care of him while I wasn’t here and therefore made possible for me to meet him, I won’t give him up even if you don’t approve of me, of us. I promised Tony that I wouldn’t let go, anyway.” and Steve couldn't help but smile at that memory
“Tony, that’s not true,” Steve denied honestly, managing to sit up slowly with the intention of not spooking Tony and repeat their chase around the workshop. He took a breath to fill himself with enough patience to avoid at all cost another fight with the brunette, even when apparently Tony was trying to induce one, “What are you talking about?”
“You know that the issue is not that I don’t fucking trust you, Steve-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Because if Tony honestly didn't want to be with Steve, then...
Steve experienced the serum’s effects when he was ready to lie subtly or at least change the topic but instead, when he opened his mouth, words he wasn’t even really thinking poured out, “That was me, I tried to deny it because Clint and I were playing catch with a small ball in the kitchen when the coffee machine started distracting me with some noise and I was suddenly jealous of how much you love the damn thing and how you’re always ready to profess your love for it to the whole world while I was caught in your ‘these are only one-night-stands!’ speech. So I purposefully threw the ball to it with more strength than what was strictly necessary and I was glad it shattered because I was able to spend a lot of time with you while you were trying to fix it. I asked Clint and Thor not to tell you and we decided to act innocent and let you think it was Hulk who did it. I felt awful for Bruce, though.”
“I do know who Tony is, of course,” she finally snapped out of it just to clarify, “What makes me astonished is that you’d want to use magic against him since he hates magic so much. That means a big risk to your relationship.”
As he recovered his sight, so did the Hydra and AIM soldiers who came into the open space of the warehouse at the commotion. Without hesitating, they started shooting at everything that moved and looked slightly enemy, including Peter, but their aim was diverted by three more well-placed arrows into the shoulders of the thugs gunning for his son. Tony’s heart (his poor, damaged heart) skipped another beat at the sight.
“Should I repeat the fact that you saw them
When Anthony heard that the distant howls had become approaching paws and deafening barking, he questioned himself if this crazy quest was worth dying by painful biting and mauling, courtesy of the claws and fangs of savage animals.
“Steve, what did you-?”
“Right...”
. If you’re not going to do anything I will, so move!”
After that, everything went fuzzy. Steve allowed himself to continue only by instinct, all his consciousness was focused on Tony; the moans, the noises, the choked gasps, his expressions of pain and pleasure mixed together as he stretched him faster than normal.
Suddenly, Tony was collapsing on the chair next to his and letting his head fall miserably on the table, “I don’t know what to do, Rhodey. I don’t want to face him until I’m sure I’m in my right fucking mind, you know?” Rhodey opened his mouth to protest, but Tony beat him to it again. “No, screw that! I don’t want to face him at all. Ever.”
And Steve had once upon a time wondered who had kept Tony alive before the Avengers.
“I don’t need something to force him to love me! He already loves me,” he argued a little indignant. She was not getting his point. It was starting to appear to Steve as if Wanda couldn’t believe in true, romantic love. But Steve got enough scepticism from Tony as it was, he really didn’t need someone else adding to it, “I just need to give him no escape for the feelings that he already has for me. I need him to talk to me so we can solve this together.”
“He’s not here, Captain.”
“Well, that’s a good thing, right?”
When Anthony made to respond, a terrified scream that he would deny even after death left his mouth as a wolf finally caught up to him, tackling him to the ground face first. The beast, hunting predator that it was, didn’t waste any precious time and went straight for the genius’ jugular.
Without taking his eyes away from Tony’s, afraid that this calm truce will break by the wrong movement, Steve reduced cautiously the distance remaining between them to nothing, but he didn’t meet resistance when their lips met again. It was a tender kiss; gentle and soothing. Steve wanted to pass on every emotion he was feeling through that simple touch; he was begging Tony to finally understand, to let actions speak the words that the genius wouldn't listen to.
It was impossible to miss at this distance, but Tony knew it hadn’t hit him when there was no additional pain pounding through his wounds and nothing turned into infinite black as he died tragically. He slowly opened his eyes even when he heard another three shots being fired at him.
Crap...
“You were thinking about make-up-sex, weren’t you?” Jan asked slyly, with a huge grin.
“Love potions are forbidden even in the dark arts, Captain,” Wanda clarified unnecessarily. Steve didn't even know if she was just teasing him on purpose or just plain warning him.
love you, that’s good for a fan club, Tones, but useless for things that
“No, my lord.” He said between clenched teeth.
bossy I am.”
He bolted for the door of the cottage the moment it was within reach, opening it with a smash. He waited a few seconds of Steven being involved in a heated fight with one of the wolves before the blond got himself free and ran to enter behind Anthony. Just then did the brunette slammed it back shut.
However, he still remembered their first argument as a couple, when Tony had thought that fighting over his lack of self-preservation instinct warranted a break up. Steve had never laughed so hard in his life. Then they’d had tons of glorious make-up-sex.
“See, I tried to put myself in your position and I came to the conclusion that it would drive me
Tony seemed to think about that and a smirk took over his pensive frown, “Who was it that broke my favourite coffee machine three months ago?”
Also! There's only one very-fluffy chapter left! I hope that you're enjoying it so far and that you'll leave me lots of comments! Also, because this is part of a huge fic that I might never finish, you guys can ask me anything about the story and I'll try to answer any question.
"I will, I will!" he promised while turning his back and walking through the door, not before taking his boyfriend's hand and tugging. "Sorry about the mess, man."
Tony continued in a rush. “
not better than ‘Thug-number-one’ or ‘Scarred-face’, by the way. Was it Tony’s imagination or Bates’ scar was shaped like a small hydra? God, Tony didn’t know if his terrible headache was because of the fanaticism or if he’d taken a stronger-than-usual hit to the head; either way, he was definitely fucking feeling it.
“You're well aware that I don’t think about anything else but you and when will I have you in my arms again, Tony,” Steven clarified holding him a little more tightly, but never losing eye contact. “But if I remember correctly, we agreed to meet an hour
“Steve-” Tony choked on his name when Steve pulled out and slammed back in fervently. “Fuck!”
And just like that, a pair of lips were seeking his own in order to cheer him up. Steve allowed himself to let go off Tony’s hands in order to cradle one of his lover’s cheek with his left while the right went around his waist and pulled him impossibly closer.
“No, wait! I mean: Yes, you’re right, I give up! I’m willing to admit that you're right and that I annoy people, so please put the phone down.”
“Of course you wouldn’t know anything about all of that, because you just got your ass unfrozen and barged into Tony’s life with the sudden purpose of making him miserable for over six months.”
she guessed easily and it was obvious that she didn’t need an answer to her own question that she didn’t wait for him to reply,
“I just don’t want you to get hurt due to all of this.”
“So, are you eating the sandwich?” he asked casually. That was simple enough, Tony’s normal answer should be a quick ‘No, I’m not hungry!’ if the hex wasn't yet working.
“Excuse you! He has a really fine ass–”
At least Rhodes wouldn’t interfere with Tony’s love life more than this.
He, however, recovered fast, “Aw, look at that! You
?!” Rhodey asked outraged. All the implications that could be read from Tony's announcement suddenly made the situation as clear as water. Rhodey was then inspired; every dark thought he had had when he’d first seen the picture that morning reemerged, only this time the scenes were tainted with a lot more red than the original. Unless this whole thing was some miraculous misunderstanding, he was going to make Spangles pay, “You saw him kissing some other person with your own eyes? With you in the same room?!” Screw that, he was calling Happy
Then the miracle happened. Even if Steve was prepared to make amends for the rest of his days to earn forgiveness from Tony -the Tony that
“Well, I had to try.” Steve insisted.
“No! You cheating, tyrant! Let me go, now!” Tony demanded along with more struggling. Steve wasn’t even a little winded, though. As the struggling progressed, Steve secured his hold on his lover with his right hand and got the other purple vial out of his other jeans' pocket with his left one. He held the vial up to Tony's face so he would calm down enough to see what he was holding. It worked as Tony finally stopped struggling, “What? Do you plan to poison me even more?”
your question?” Tony asked at Steve with exasperation.
“That won’t be a problem,” Steve assured with haste. He was grateful for the trust she was giving him; he knew she didn’t give it to anyone easily these days. “I just need one chance.”
“You’re kidding, right? Oh, that’s right, we can’t joke right now.” Steve was glad that Tony had somehow relaxed a little; his muscles more pliant under his fingers, even if his eyes were still harsh and unforgiven. Still, Steve considered it safe to loosen his grip and start rubbing his hand slowly over Tony’s back, “This is the first time I’ve ever seen you do something this
Steve was confused, of course, "I don't follow, what are you talking about?"
Before Rhodey could even get a grasp of what was happening, he heard his room’s door lock being put in place and bearly heard his bathroom’s door being opened a second later. It even took him a minute to understand
. But, Tony, that's bullshit because we have been a couple for a while now and I just didn't know what to do, anymore.”
“You’re amazing,” Steve confessed what he always thought, especially at this kind of moments, but never said aloud, “You’re everything to me, Tony. I wish I could have you like this every waking moment.”
“Besides, this isn’t about me and my daddy issues.” Tony clarified with a smug look, probably at Steve’s lusty face. His lover’s arms clinging around his shoulders left Steve wondering when they got there. “We get enough of that.”
when all the craziness took place, the Colonel understood easily enough that even a well written press either lied, or at least exaggerated what actually took place in such a way that, even after all those years, it didn’t cease to amaze him.
“Yes, you do,” Tony admitted with a dazed gaze. He started to pull Steve’s own shirt up, tracing his abdomen and making Steve gasp, “You have owned my body ever since the day you fucked me for the first time.”
The brunette’s dark hood fell from his head to his shoulders with the increased speed, revealing his young and handsome features to the darkness; his dark hair and deep blue eyes, accompanied with full lips and moderately sharp jaw with the beginnings of a beard colouring it.
I really don’t think that Steve is
the words that he ordered his mouth to pronounce, “Huh, it seems that I'm unconsciously aware of how
"How can you be so sure of what I–"
When did his life become this parody of life? An awful sitcom?
Great. They were dealing with a true psychopath. See? Rule number one in all its splendour.
“Do you love me?” the supersoldier whispered with the most hopeful tone he has ever accomplished. Steve felt the air missing in his lungs. He felt like drowning under freezing water all over again, along with the feeling of knowing that he would never get to stop the cold.
“Well, even if I didn’t win the bet, I can say the show was worth my money.” Spider-Woman broke the silence with a satisfied smile and looked over at them leeringly. The look alone made shivers crawl up Steve's back.
Why? Well, she simply thought that Steve was nuts for thinking that Colonel Rhodes, as Tony’s best pal, wouldn’t stick his nose into their love life.
His bravado fell a considerable amount when he heard once again another terrible howl remarkably closer than the first one.
"Tony, I swear to god-!"
It was exactly two minutes later when the two of them, one barely clothed and the other soaked wet, emerged from the colonel's room in a quick step, heading straight to the door.
“It does when it is quite obvious that you would be riding with me, of course.” Von Doom answered with a little darker voice; it would seem that he wasn't amused at Anthony's first outburst.
“Sorry.” He apologized regretfully. He really did feel bad when Tony had to buy stuff because he broke them; he had enough to repair because of Bruce hulking out as it was. At Tony’s wave of dismissal, he inquired, “So? What did he tell you when you asked?”
Even if Rhodes frustrated him big time, it would be unfair of him to get him in trouble with Tony over the phone call that Steve had initiated. Besides, like hell would he go to his lover to
“I don’t like him,” Steven said in a controlled tone, but at least he wasn’t squeezing anymore.
“You’re right, I shouldn’t bring you coffee when you’re obviously sleep deprived,” he said with a convincing shrug, “I should probably just go to let you catch some sleep.”
“Steve, what are you saying?! You should’ve kicked his ass, anyway! He’s being a completely unfair asshole!” Jan yelled while pacing on the kitchen’s floor with absolute rage. Everyone had already left to mind in their own business after breakfast, so the blond didn't mind the loud talking and the furious pacing. Steve knew she didn’t really feel like beating his lover’s best friend up was the answer, but her anger was genuine and Steve was glad he had someone like her to support him. “You didn’t deserve that! Is he blind or something?! How dare he think that you only like Tony because it makes you look like a Good Samaritan!?”
a messy sob. Now he had to try his hardest to make him stop crying, to comfort him and to stay making amends for what he had done. He moved his thumbs up to Tony’s face so he could tenderly wipe the few tears that were able to fall despite the genius’ effort, "We love each other, it's what matters."
(See the end of the chapter for
Only then did Steven deemed necessary to notice the other nobles present. Lord Obadiah Stane, soon-to-be-king Prince Robert Bruce Stark Banner, his wife, Duchess Elizabeth Ross, and Gene Kahn, Lord Stane’s chief of security, followed them both from an acceptable distance. Steven soon realized that they were there to
kill your father if we don’t do what he asks.”
“And I just want to be happy with
According to Wanda, the hex should work the instant the vial touched Tony’s inner throat, so Steve needed to make an experiment.
For Tony, though, it was all about avoiding him and any form of feelings that could relate to the supersoldier, even to a point where human nature seemed to break its own laws in favour of granting the genius super-speed to run for the hills of solitude where Steve couldn't reach him. That or Extremis, Steve couldn't be entirely sure. He had to admit that he wouldn’t have been able to grab the genius’ arm to physically stop him if it weren’t for his enhanced reflexes.
alone.
kind of dancer. With that being expressed, please guess what I thought about his
Realizing he had closed his eyes at some point, Anthony quickly opened them again just to find the same animal that was about to kill him laying beside him dead and spilling blood in great enough amounts that the brunette had some of it over his face and clothes. It was nearly decapitated by what looked like a round shield with the royal family’s crest displayed proudly in the middle. The panther that symbolized the power and protection that the royal family bestowed over all of their kingdom surrounded by the glorious red and gold was enough for Anthony to sigh in relief. He would recognize the weapon anywhere.
“That’s… so like you,” Tony whispered without breaking eye contact.
"I never said it was a free deal," she replied with a shrug.
“Nothing? Then what about the way you look at me?”
Anthony rushed at where he and Bucky were and positioned himself between them and the three nobles already on their respective horses.
in my chest for a moment over there! Are you out of your mind!? Do you even
Just as quickly as the inquiry popped in his mind, though, his resolution grew in response. He had long ago decided that there couldn’t be a better reason to die for. Painful or not.
“Sure thing!”
I hope you like it!
“Rhodey, I’m not exactly fucking perfect; I can’t expect Steve to be perfect either.” Tony replied as if that explained everything, but there was something there, in his voice, when he said it. Rhodey couldn't figure out what it was.
The blonde almost fell down when he saw that indeed Anthony was there, but he was trying to discreetly put some distance between himself and the disappointingly handsome gentleman that was walking way too close beside him for Steven’s liking.
“Neither do I, you know that.” Anthony tried looking at the blue eyes above him, but he found that he was completely immobile by brute force alone. When nothing changed in a few seconds, Anthony tried to lighten the mood, “Never knew you were this jealous, Steve. I'm truly shocked.”
“He said WHAT?!”
“Maybe you should take a bath before your meeting,” Rhodey suggested with a mock sniff at Tony’s disarrayed figure. His friend response was to push him away and give him the finger, only provoking Rhodes to laugh at his antics.
, together, are going to get past through this, even if I understand if you are still mad at me. I swear I’m sorry and that it won't happen again. Dame or no dame.”
“Should you be telling me this?” Steve couldn’t stop himself from asking. He did want to know, but these were Pepper’s thoughts, nevertheless.
Many questions remained unasked even if the spell held power and Steve was sure that there will be even more as they started building their relationship. Some questions will be answered, some others will be forgotten and some will be replaced. The difference now was that Steve now knew that, even if stubborn, they could figure out anything that came their way. Together.
“Hey! You mean that!” Tony said with indignation putting some distance in between them. Of course, that only provided Steve with a better view of Tony’s body.
“Or what?”, Bates challenged him without giving anything away, “Look around you, Captain. It seems that you exceeded my expectations and managed to turn my own trap into your ambush in no time, so it seems that I’ve lost. However, I can see that the criminal life has taken a toll on you, and you came here with the clear intention to kill. Just like the Winter Soldier, over there; a synthetic assassin, how nice.”
It wasn’t long before James joined him so they had half the horses in the stable ready for whatever task was assigned to them. Therefore, they didn’t get worried when a handful of nobles strode gracefully into the stable. Both stable boys got up from the little casks they were sitting on in order to brush comfortably the horses. They stretched their dirty garments to properly receive them as it was required of all the servants; Steven immediately centred his attention into looking for his beloved.
, huh? Concussion or not,
As expected, Tony was in front of him in a blink at the mention of coffee and was already downing it with huge, scalding swallows marked by Tony’s Adam’s apple and a painful beat of nervousness from Steve’s heart.
“He’s in another dimension,” Wanda replied somberly to the yet unasked question. “He’s been there for weeks now. I don’t know when he’ll return.”
His role as the perfect best friend had been fulfilled; Steve Rogers’ honesty once again beats the colonel’s general dislike of him, and Tony is happily making out with him in his shower.
Rhodes continued as if he hadn't said a word, “Obadiah Stane, Justin Hammer, Pepper’s break up,” and here he paused, making a point of looking Steve directly in the eye, “even his eternal playboy ways.”
“You shouldn’t endanger yourself like that because of wanting to see me, Tony.” Steven explained gently now. Anthony lulled by the voice of his love, “I wouldn’t forgive myself if something happened to you because of me. Because of anyone.”
“It will,” she assured him letting her hand drop from his shoulder and putting it on her waist, “this way he will answer truthfully to any question that will be asked to him. It will be nearly impossible for him not to say what he’s thinking out loud, though.”
Two years after the death of the queen, King Howard Anthony Walter Stark passed away and the problems of the kingdom multiplied with his death.
Jan transformed back to her normal size and then let her full weight fall graciously on the seat next to Steve with a dramatic sigh. She took her formerly forgotten cup of cold coffee and took a small sip, grimacing at his now undesirable flavor.
“He’s a duke, his name is Victor von Doom, and I have a bad feeling about him.” Anthony said with the bitterness back in his voice. “I really don’t like him.”
“She did? That’s so like Pepper.” He responded dreamily. Steve saw then one of the things that Pepper possibly liked of Happy; if a simple thing like that could get him such a love-gaze, then he really must adore her. “Yes, I do love her a lot.”
He’d tried everything that his friends had subtly and not-so-subtly suggested, everything the movies had shown him and even what the internet advised him to do. He couldn't do it anymore. He needed extraordinary options that equalled to Tony's extraordinary personality and stubbornness. Every plan had to fit the scene, otherwise, it was bound to fail. That was when he decided that he needed a plan that was so far from normal that he had to consult some expert in the abnormal to achieve an unexpected, out of this world, solution.
What made Steve finally glare right back was the way that Rhodes refused to let Tony go when his lover declared that it was too much hugging for a lifetime and that he needed to breathe.
“He… asked you to dance repeatedly?” Steven asked with a new voice. Anthony tried to connect it with a previous moment in their relationship when he'd heard it, and after just a second, he recalled the tone as the one that rarely showed his visage but in special occasions; Steven was jealous.
“Because I don’t want you the same way!” Even if Tony hadn’t avoided Steve’s eyes while saying this, the little tremor in his voice would have betrayed him. It was all lies, the same ones he told himself and Steve over and over again. And even if Steve knew this, it still hurt to hear them.
"That is not going to happen, Tony."
When Steve made a move to go after him, praying that Rhodes had forgotten he was in the room, a firm hand on his shoulder that was probably meant to hurt him a little – if not for the super soldier serum it probably would have– stopped him right on his tracks. No sudden invisibility today, it seemed.
It’s certainly nothing Steve hasn’t resorted to before, although things had felt a little different in times of war. He hadn’t thought Iron Man would be the sort, that’s all, to have ‘discreet’ and ‘reputable agencies’ on hand. A strange way of talking about it, too. Briskly pragmatic. Impersonal.
Tony goes cold.
The heavy clunk of armored boots in the hall announces Iron Man’s approach.
Swing the door as far out as it would go, that was the way. One hand on the top, another along the side… Now
Tony pulls on a pair of no-shock gloves anyway, flips open the clasp, and pulls out…
fixated.
The shirt slips through fingers gone suddenly lax. Extremis goes odd for a second, a torrent of hexadecimal numbers streaming across your mind, cataloguing every minute shift in shade and apparent hue as the fabric slithers and folds beneath the shadow of your hands.
Iron Man isn’t offering his own companionship. He’s offering to help Steve acquire some.
Tony clicks his fingers. “A compromise!”
As if he has the right. As if they’re together in this, as if they’re a team, as if any hope of collaboration, of closeness between them hasn’t been burned twice over on the altar of Rogers’ unyielding fucking principle.
he needed—
“Tony. When have you ever known me to sit out a fight?”
“They mean you survived,” Steve told you once, hot and fervent, drunk on love, “they mean you’re
“Some of it involved some new equipment,” he improvises. “We’d have to get it custom-made. I wanted to be sure it was worth it.”
enough to drag Steve back to reality. His hands on his lap tighten abruptly into fists.
“You’re not going to hurt me,” Steve assures him. “You just. Have to.
hissing through his clenched teeth,
“Do you prefer ‘Irish good-bye’?”
Outside, footsteps grow louder and then quieter again. There’s the sound of a door opening, then a door closing.
You know, now, that Steve was wrong. You are still yourself, if only this far. If no farther.
“Ah, um. Yes. Thank you, Thor. That was… commendably thorough.”
” He makes a show of stepping aside and gestures expansively towards the door, smiling with far too many teeth.
Shuts his eyes and pictures Tony kneeling on the floor in front of him.
Steve ducks his head against another flush of heat.
“Whatever it is,” Steve says, “we’ll face it together.” His voice rings with earnest conviction, and that—that’s what finally gets to you.
It won’t always be like this, seeing him. It
Rogers has the unspeakable gall to look indignant. “Do you really think I’d have come here tonight if I didn’t?”
“Is this… person you’ve been— Is it someone connected with the Avengers?”
You are lying on your back in a bed three thousand miles away from your home. You are a fugitive, again, running down the hours on a ticking clock. Your brain is a weapon and you no longer hold the trigger. You are your only hope.
Steve’s nearly certain he’s got his own digs, but he doubts they’re all that convenient to Manhattan, judging by the frequency with which he sees his friend around the mansion.
hands are difficult to draw. How had he ever managed before? Still, it’s perfectly fitting for someone of Merlyn’s wizardly dignity to stand with his hands clasped behind his back. It’s not giving up, it’s just…
Steve lets the silence speak for him.
Rogers dips his head, then glances back up at Tony with the sort of wry look on his face that would, in a fairer world, be illegal. “Just one?”
Steve opens his mouth to give some appropriately sarcastic reply—“Never better,” or something like that, but the words never leave his throat. Instead, he makes a small, choked sound humiliatingly like a whimper.
“He got the drop on me,” Steve growls.
You think,
“There’s not going to
. To draw Arthur the way he should be—not as the feckless, battle-hungry youth of White’s imagining, but handsome, kind and noble, a true leader of men.
“Now,” Iron Man is saying, “and not that I’m complaining, mind you, but wouldn’t, say, team training sessions be a better time to discuss new exercises? You know you don’t actually have to run anything by me, right? You’re a full Avenger, same as any of us. In fact, if this is a seniority thing, I’d say you have the advantage on me by a couple of decades, although if that’s the standard you’re using, Thor’s got us both beat to flinders.”
covering kink meme parts 17 & 18
As much yourself as it takes to take something precious and break it beyond repair.
“I don’t know what this was to you,” Steve continues, gathering together the ashes of his anger, fanning them back into flame—anger is good, anger is
“You don’t have jurisdiction,” Rogers says, the words loud and slow and deliberately enunciated, like he’s speaking to a child or an idiot.
Steve is lying on the bed in the wake of his third orgasm in the morning, spent but not quite sated. Still, at least his blood seems to have settled long enough for him to catch his breath. As it turns out, this is just as well.
Something comes to rest on Steve’s hip for a moment. He feels sweat-dampened skin and a thick sweep of hair—Iron Man’s forehead.
Like he and not Tony is the one who’s been caught.
“Tony. Of course I don’t—”
in a way he hasn’t felt in a very long time. Content and energized all at once. He bounces a little on the balls of his feet and smiles at his reflection, then knocks on the bathroom door.
A tingle darts down Steve’s spine, radiating out across his shoulders, into his belly, down to his toes—nerves, shot through with no small amount of anticipation.
Iron Man seems to sag forward. He brushes the fingers of his gauntlet over Steve’s own, a brief gesture of comfort and solidarity. “I promise,” he says.
of his, they’ve never really been what you might call… particular. Gender has never been a factor, for one thing. Good looking guys, good looking gals, it’s all pretty much the same when the need is upon him. If he chose to pass time exclusively with the dames, that was mostly a matter of convenience. He isn’t sure what the army would have done if they found out Captain America was a queer, and an occasional sex maniac at that, but he never thought it worth the trouble of finding out. Not when there were other options available.
And if Rogers had listened to
“You’re seriously that confident?”
“You like this,” Iron Man says wondrously, finger picking up pace as Steve lets out a low keen of agreement. “You really, really like this. You’ve been holding out on me, Winghead.”
with the humiliation of it, but he can’t, so he clenches his fists and takes a fortifying breath.
amidst the memories and the maybes, the tenuous futures and the trembling regrets.
His first thought is of a battlefield, Arthur rallying his troops atop his noble steed… at least until he remembers that he’ll have to
“I’m just imagining,” Steve gets out between chuckles, “your face.”
thanks to Serinah for the beta
Steve presses his lips together; his fingers clench where they hang at his sides. “You can’t be sure. We’ve stopped worse futures from happening before. We can still—”
He drums his fingers on the tabletop.
“That was swell,” he says. He’s still a little dopey with the sex, but he can’t quite bring himself to care. “I liked that a lot.”
He pulls out and wipes his hard cock on Steve’s face, first one side, then another, smearing his cheeks with pre-come and Steve’s own spittle.
“Or don’t you even trust me that far?” Something clenches in his chest. “Because let me remind you, buddy, there’s exactly one liar between the two of us and it sure as shit ain’t me.”
Steve lets out a laugh of his own. He’s sitting slumped against the bathroom door with sweat beading his forehead and a painful erection, but still, Shellhead can always make him smile.
“Jerked off in the bathing room? I thought you’d prefer it to me walking around with…” Tony made a dismissive kind of gesture.
He picks up a shard in a pair of forceps, holding it up to the light. Is that pitting functional, or a result of the explosion? Or both?
“You probably shouldn’t move,” Giant Man tells him, glancing at Wasp. “Head injuries and all.”
Steve lets out a garbled noise of pain, tilting his head back, trying to follow the pressure. There is so little resistance left in him these days where Tony is concerned. He wonders if that’s what it means to be entirely—finally—obsolete. The past bowed and broken beneath the relentless demands of the future.
because the possibility that this might stop is simply too awful to bear.
Except then Steve says, “He can hear every word you’re saying,” and he’s talking about you.
“—and even more gracious as guests—”
He moves behind Steve and crouches down at his side. Puts their faces together and holds out his phone, the camera open and switched to selfie mode. Steve sees Tony—the impossible, inhuman perfection of his features—and an old man. A few decades younger than he usually looks these days—early 60s, maybe—but still with face weathered, lined and unlovely.
Steve bucks upwards at the word, his entire body from his lower back to his feet leaving the mattress.
Iron Man is frozen in place, breathing quick and shallow.
God, when was the last time he’d picked up a pencil? Could it really have been all the way back before Rebirth? He can’t remember drawing after that, although he knows he’d thought about it sometimes, in the very worst nights of the war—retiring the shield, going back to art school, when everything was over and Captain America was no longer needed.
there—
in rage, because the Winter Soldier was right there, his parents’ murderer was
Steve opens his eyes from dark into further darkness.
A ringing silence.
‘Even if I wanted to,’
Steve feels a little tug on the cloth at the back of his head, and then Iron Man’s hands are falling away.
He smiles. Okay. Arthur and his knights. He can do that. And maybe when he’s done he can show it to Iron Man, let him know how much he appreciates Iron Man’s gift. Shellhead will probably get a kick out of that, even if the drawing is kind of lousy.
You take a breath.
kind of incentive, I don’t know that anyone is
You open your mouth but you seem to be operating on a lag—it’s several seconds before any sound comes out. “That was— We shouldn’t have—
He shifts a little on the mattress. There’s a profoundly unerotic squelch—he can’t help but be glad that Iron Man’s already left the room—and he feels something sticky sliding down the cleft of his ass. Iron Man is probably right about the sheets being ruined. The thought clenches briefly somewhere inside of him, a reflex born of growing up through the Depression years, when you had to scrimp and save and stretch everything you owned and still never had enough. But there are other sheets. Tony’s the one providing them, after all, and he’s sure Tony’s never lost a minute’s sleep over a ruined sheet in his life. He doesn’t think Tony would mind anyway. Tony wants to give him things, he likes it, he
“No, well. Most people don’t, what with the armor. Who spends time speculating about the sexuality of a bunch of nuts and bolts?”
“What, my report wasn’t thorough enough for you?” you say, trying to keep your voice light.
So it’s all fine. It’s good. Steve is… fine.
Steve pulls himself into a sitting position with a grunt. “I’ve had worse,” he says.
shouldn’t—” You swallow, turning away from Maya’s bright, attentive stare. She deserves to hear this. You deserve to have to say it. “I’m with someone. I fucked up. I’m sorry.”
“You’re not going to clean up?” Steve asks, surprised. “You can’t tell me you’ll be comfortable like that.”
He thinks maybe she was right after all.
“Winghead…” Iron Man sounds pained. But he doesn’t say anything else. Only Steve’s nickname, as if that, too, that little shared joke, that expression of fondness between them is an open-ended question.
It was the eyes. Big and clear and blue as blue could be. It was the eyes, and it was…
“Like it?”
Another step. There’s something almost hypnotic about the way he moves—like a swimmer carving through water, a deliberate, powerful grace. About his voice, its low, thrumming tone. About his eyes. That depthless, impossible blue.
Time for a shower.
Iron Man is no longer laughing.
Iron Man lets out a breath.
He realizes Iron Man has yet to respond.
Iron Man gazes back expectantly. The New Yorker in Steve does the answering with a few expressive flicks of the wrist.
Steve spreads his legs wider and gives Iron Man a plaintive little tug. His eyes beneath the blindfold have begun to tear up.
“About two dozen.”
Racing through wires, bouncing off satellites, lighter than air, faster than thought.
It’s not exactly enough to reassure him, but Steve doesn’t push. “Good. Because I’d hate it if any of this… You’re important to me, and— and I—”
It all slams back into you at once with such visceral force that for one, blessed moment, you think your heart’s actually stopped again. You
“That’s all it took,” Iron Man says, and Steve isn’t sure from his tone whether it’s meant to be a question or not. He can’t say he much appreciates it either way.
He needed a cold shower, he needed to
Tony folds his arms, makes a wall of himself, inside and out.
emblazoned on billboards and buses, the Stark Industries motto marching along the bottom, rendered into blocky Cyrillic type: Меняем мир ради будущего. Changing the world for a better future.
are, when it comes down to it, just words; they only become real when you believe in them.
“It you change your mind though…”
“You’re not going to be able to sit this one out, Steve. None of us will. Not this time.”
He glances towards the exit. “I—”
“That’s all,” he manages. What is Iron Man driving at?
Unbidden, the fantasy begins unspooling in his mind
Except he can’t imagine that, can he, because that would mean imagining Iron Man’s face, and he doesn’t want that—to dream up some kind of phantom to fill the gaps. Because maybe—just maybe one day Iron Man will take off his helmet, and Steve doesn’t want to look at him in that moment and see only the
There’s a brief silence, punctuated only by Steve’s own heaving breaths.
Steve pops the button, unable to stifle the little moan of relief. He’s barely managed to fumble open his fly when one of Iron Man’s repulsors drags a straight line of heat and pressure from his navel to his collarbone and Steve is lifting his hips and arching into the sensation. The other gauntlet comes down to hover over his balls, and even through two layers of fabric it’s almost enough to blank out Steve’s mind.
say. What he’d leave hanging in the air between them.
Tony stares at him a moment, weighing the potential pros and cons of strangling a former national icon with his bare hands. Then, somewhat to his surprise, a laugh burbles up in his chest. He can’t help it. He’s always admired bare-faced effrontery. It calls to something in him.
There’s a long pause, followed by the clunking retreat of boots down the hallway.
but there are so many people, so much input lagging your processor, and somewhere in the distance a rifle cracks—
Iron Man’s voice is softer now, as if thinking out loud to himself. “But where else could he—?” And then, with a throb of worry: “Oh god, I didn’t lose him on the way?”
“You needed help.”
“Everything you ask for, anything you need, I want to give it to you, I want you to have it, have it, take it, god,
“It’s fine,” Steve says. “I can deal with it.”
“You’ve been running scared for months,” Steve says, as if you haven’t spoken. “Maybe even longer. I’m sorry it took me so long to see, but I see it now. What’s got you so afraid, Tony?”
Tony clamps a hand on the back of his neck, gives a brief, rough shake, and releases him.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I shouldn’t…”
He breaks off on a strangled sound as Steve snaps his hips forward.
“Bear…?”
Your hands settle on the curves of her hips. Her hands are harsher. Perfunctory. She pulls your cock out with your pants still on and the buttons of your shirt only half undone.
,” Steve groans. He’s going to work himself raw at this rate, and Iron Man is just
┬─┬ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)
something in him suggested. Tony probably wouldn’t mind. He didn’t seem to have the capacity for shame.
You’re not ready for this.
“I don’t know what that noise means,” Steve confesses hazily.
“It’s a plan, then.” There’s a smile in Iron Man’s voice. “The shoulder massage from before. How was that?”
As he speaks, Steve can feel him moving, feel his weight shifting across the mattress and finally lifting entirely.
He grabs his book off the nightstand, plunks himself down in a chair.
Steve takes the tingle in his gut as a sign it’s time for another helping of pancakes.
Somehow, it never really occurred to him that you could hurt him. Not like this. (
“Right. Yeah, just let me… uh,” except you can’t actually think of what else you might need to do, so you gather your clothes, tug the towel more tightly around your hips, and open the door.
