“Come on, we better go before we get grumpy Dean,” Claire said, pulling Jack back to her room. She collapsed onto her, laughing until her stomach started to hurt. “It’s been a long time since I’ve had that much fun.”
Once everyone was gathered around the table, Rowena gushed about all of the progress that Jack had made in just one afternoon.
“That sounds nice,” Jack said with a small smile. They filled the rest of the short drive with easy banter and jokes, Claire laughing almost the entire journey. It was a short ways south, less than two hours, so they arrived just in time for the work day to be starting.
“Come on, love, take me to bed. I need to be up bright and early to go to work,” she said with a laugh, clinging to Sam as he stood with her still in his grip.
After a bit, Kaia turned the water off and wrapped Claire in a towel, helping her to dry off and then get dressed. “Come on, let’s get you in bed,” she whispered, walking with Claire down the hall and into their bedroom. She tucked Claire up in their bed and kissed her head. She sat with Claire until she fell asleep - Kaia guessed from emotional exhaustion - and then hurried to the kitchen to help Jack with cleaning.
“Ellen, it’s me, I swear. An angel pulled me out of Hell, he said my time on Earth wasn’t over yet.” he turned to Castiel, “Tell her Castiel, I’m human.”
“She will. She’s very smart and very capable,” Cas said thoughtfully. “I’m...I’m very grateful that my presence in her life, and the effects of it, have not done irreparable damage.”
“You used to be fun,” Claire said flippantly. “But fine, no going in any storage rooms, no touching anything strange, protect each other, and call you if anything happens.”
“Alright, so an angel pulled you out of Hell,” Ellen agreed. “Why don’t you tell me what Jo made you wear for her sixth birthday party?”
“Didn’t think it would be that easy, did you, Sam?” she asked, this time her smile wicked. “Not after what I’ve been through.”
“Purgatory. Where he belongs,” Jack said simply. “And now, you’ll be able to live here in Heaven, without having to fear anything or anyone.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said and rolled his eyes. “And I hear you, Dean, I do. Just let me process it myself a bit longer, okay?”
Sam backed away slowly, eyes darting back and forth to see if anything within reach could be used as a weapon, “Who the hell are you?
“Praying for your angel boyfriend to come to your-” the demon holding onto him was interrupted when Cas smote him, eyes and mouth glowing bright before fading to nothing as he dropped to the ground.
Just as Cas had turned to go back inside, Sam spoke up. “Wait, Cas, I -” he drew in a shaky breath, “I didn’t mean to do it, I tried so hard not to-” he broke off with a choked sob.
Hours later, when the sun was just beginning to rise, and Sam’s hands finally stopped shaking, he turned to face Dean, who was focusing a little too intently on the highway in front of them.
“My boys will fucking kill you,” John roared, “You might have made my boy a queer but family comes before everything, and he’ll fucking rip you apart.”
“It was good. Much better than I thought it would be, but to be fair, the only thing I really knew about it was from incels on the internet,” Claire shrugged, smirking a little when both Dean and Cas gave her a confused look, but neither asked what she meant. They truly were peak middle-aged dads. “I can see why you like it so much,” she said, turning to Jack.
Sam returned almost an hour later, bag of greasy food in hand. He dropped it on the table without a word and snatched one of the books from the pile in front of Dean. “I already ate,” he said gruffly. Dean, desperately wanting a return to the tense normalcy they had been surviving in, got up and sat with John at the table, pulling out the two burgers and orders of fries, handing one of each to his father. John pushed his journal away just enough to make room for his food, Dean holding back a sigh of relief.
Dean nodded numbly, struggling to his feet. Dean, Bobby and Mary were able to fit Sam’s body into the bed of the truck. There was an unspoken agreement that they wouldn’t be burning his body. None of them could handle the idea that he wouldn’t be able to come back. They buried him nearby, saddened that they couldn’t take him all the way back to Sioux Falls, but knowing it would be impossible to drive that distance with an unprotected corpse.
Being God came with a lot of responsibilities that Jack hadn’t originally thought of when he took on the title, and those responsibilities took up a lot of his time. So much time that he barely even registered that it had been forty years when he felt Dean Winchester return to Heaven for the final time.
“I’m good, Cas,” Dean said softly, using the Angel’s help to get up off the floor. “Now lets get the fuck out of here before the fire department finds us.”
Sam shook his head, “You never should’ve had to handle that. I know how young you were when he started hitting you. I couldn’t have been older than five the first time I saw it happen.”
She ate it so fast she couldn’t even distinguish what kind of sandwich it was. Before she could say anything, a bag of cookies and a bottle of water replaced her sandwich, both of which she easily downed within minutes. “Alright,” Cas stroked her hair gently. “Dean is gonna drive with you while I take your car.”
“I’m glad John is dead,” Cas waited with bated breath for Jack to continue. “He’s...he’s mean. And I’ve noticed how Sam and Dean have changed with him around.”
There was a crash, and a hissed “fuck”, but before long Dean trudged down the stairs and into the kitchen. His eyes lit up a bit when he saw Jo sitting at the table. Before he could say anything, she jumped up, engulfing him in a crushing hug. He closed his eyes, squeezing her tightly to him, “It’s good to see you, Jo.”
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief at the thought that Jack wasn’t in the center of the battle, but feared the implications of an under-prepared army. Cas’ heart dropped when Anael gasped, “What? What is it Anael?” he asked urgently.
“I’m gonna text Cas and tell him it’s good to come home,” Claire said, pulling her phone from her back pocket. She and Jack went to the war room, sitting at the map table to wait, wanting to surprise Dean when he returned home.
“Holy shit,” Bobby muttered. “How many seals does she need to break before the Devil goes down to Georgia?” Castiel frowned, tilting his head slightly.
“The spell that raised the spirits dealt with guilt, fear, and blame. The spirits your family saw blame them for their death, and in turn your family feels guilty. And while you feel guilty for the deaths of those you could not save, they do not blame you.” Cas explained.
“Well, this big thing is the engine,” Dean started and began explaining what every part was and its purpose. Castiel listened diligently, asking questions at random intervals, and every so often repeating something back to Dean to make sure he understood it correctly. Dean was more than happy to talk about his car, eventually looking over at Cas to see the angel was watching him with a soft smile and crinkled eyes. Dean felt himself blush as he looked down at his hands, stumbling over what he was saying. “T-That’s about it.”
“Put that gun down, boy, you ain’t gonna shoot me.” John took a step closer to Dean, glancing at his gun that rested on the table on the other side of the room. “You ain’t got the balls to shoot your father. Just like you ain’t got the balls to protect Sammy.”
Dean cut him off, eyes wide, “It’s okay, Sammy, it’s just...” he swallowed heavily as he panicked internally, trying to come up with something better to say than
Cas nodded, but didn’t feel the need to respond, and he knew that John didn’t really expect him to. John swore under his breath as the door creaked open, pausing to see if the sound had woken any of the vampires they had assumed would be sleeping. Once he was satisfied that it hadn’t, he beckoned for Cas to enter the warehouse behind him.
“Dean, we spoke two days ago,” Cas said, eyes squinting in confusion. “I have been up to the same activities I was two days ago.”
Bobby stood at the window, staring outside without really seeing. He had been the one to text updates to the others, as the hospital staff had only allowed two people to remain in Dean’s room.
“I wish I could make it up to her,” Cas said, finally succumbing to the weight of the day and letting himself cry, “You know what she did when I went outside earlier?”
“Oh,” Jody spluttered as she walked in the door the first time, “This is certainly… a unique take on construction.”
Cas raised his eyebrows, “Rowena,” he clarified, narrowing his eyes, “The mother of the King of Hell?”
He pulls back, looking at Dean. Dean stares at him, wide-eyed. He nods eagerly. Cas slides a hand under Dean’s jaw.
Dean grins like an idiot at that, ducking his head, and quickly forgets whatever he was thinking about. In fact, he even forgets he’s making eggs for breakfast until he accidentally drops one on the floor. Sam, who missed
doesn’t need to know about them. So instead, Sam enjoys his stir-fry in peace and quiet. No one talks to him, or complains to him, or does God-knows-what in front of him. It’s just...
of what they may or may not be up to. He loves both of them dearly, and he’s genuinely happy for them. This is his best friend and his older brother after all, how could he
When they get back to the bunker, Cas manages to sneak his new mattress topper inside while Sam unloads the groceries and Dean inspects his younger brother’s purchases. After reading the instructions on the box, Cas unpacks and unrolls it. He removes the sheets, lays the topper on the mattress, then replaces the sheets with clean ones. According to the box, the topper will have plenty of time to “rise” before tonight when he and Dean will watch tv together, just like they always do. The angel is immensely pleased with this development and can hardly wait for this evening. To occupy himself, he decides to try out Sam’s suggestion.
His father pours himself another drink.  “You just gonna sit there?  Get a broom or somethin’!”  Bobby gets up but lingers just outside of the doorframe when he hears his father go on, “You know why he’s like that?  Because you let him do whatever he wants.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas said, a small smile lighting up his face, “The bond we share...it is mutual.” Dean remained silent, hand still cupping Cas’ face. Before he thought better of it, he slowly leaned forward and brushed his lips against Cas’ in what was probably the most chaste kiss of his life.
Around noon, Dean excused himself to go make lunch while Cas went to one of the storage rooms to try and find a few other books that might be helpful, leaving Claire alone in the library. When she heard the bunker door begin to open, she checked the time on her phone, frowning when she realized it was far too early for Sam, Jack, and Kaia to be home.
“Good. I like having Jack and Claire here, knowing they’re safe for at least a night,” Cas smiled sleepily.
to really narrow it down - it could be a restaurant, bar, big box store, anything really - and there were too many demons scattered throughout town for Cas to get a good read on where Famine was holing up.
“Because I was curious and wanted to know more about the bunker without the risk of you finding out until after,” Claire clapped a hand over her mouth as soon as she finished her sentence.
Claire felt the lump rising in her throat and found herself unable to speak. After too many seconds of silence had passed, Donna met her eyes and saw that she was struggling to speak.
“Bela disagrees,” Alastair said cruelly. Sam’s breath hitched at the mention of Bela and he fought harder against the invisible restraints.
“John?” Jack stepped into the backyard, the man in question sitting in a deck chair, drinking a beer.
“Well, you’re only like, three years old technically, which means you missed out on a lot of kid stuff,” Claire said. “Including running around on a slippery floor with socks on.”
“Dean!” Bobby yelled down the stairs, not taking his eyes off the girls. A moment later Dean had met Bobby on the landing, freezing when he saw the ghosts.
“This weather is fucking awful,” Sam replied, “I think we should stop somewhere for the night and wait it out.”
She exited her room and walked slowly to the kitchen, hoping to put off the inevitable disappointed looks that she was sure both Dean and Cas would shoot her way. All three men were already seated by the time she made it to the kitchen, sitting next to Jack as was becoming the usual when they all ate together.
“That’s cool,” Claire said as they reached the kitchen. She winced as she had to bend her leg to sit down.
“Thank you,” Dean said and pulled her into a quick hug. “Be careful. And I mean it, call for anything.”
Dean tried to reply, but Death spoke over him, “Personally, I don’t want Lilith to free Lucifer either, so tell me, what do you plan to do to keep that from happening?”
“Well, he usually comes at night, after you go to bed,” Mary couldn’t tell for sure but she could have sworn Dean was
She stood and stepped forward into the war room, reaching under the table and grabbing the gun she knew Dean kept stashed there, aiming up toward the door as it opened, revealing an older man, at least in his late fifties. He looked somewhat familiar but Claire couldn’t place him.
Cas nodded, “It’ll be fine Dean. We’ll be back before you guys anyway. Probably better if you two take Jack, though.”
“I want that too,” Dean said, kissing Claire’s head. “I want nothing more.” Claire smiled and pinched Jack, signaling him to tighten his arms as much as possible as she did the same, squeezing Dean until he yelped, ducking under their arms to get away. “Jesus Christ, what the fuck is wrong with you two?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” Mary called back. “Just some extremely clean floors.” Dean choked back a laugh.
Claire climbed into the backseat carefully, sipping her hot chocolate as they left the tree lot. This was the happiest she had felt in a long time, and the only way it could be better was if her brother was here too.
The silence in the room was palpable as they waited for Anael to finish. She finally was able to focus on the humans once more, a smile on her face, “Your nephilim is even more powerful than I had imagined. They did it.”
Dean shook his head and sat down at the table across from her. She took a deep breath, and began to unload everything on him, sharing that her mother was cold and uncaring, while her father abused her in every imaginable way, “I just wanted it to stop,” she said, holding back tears, “That’s why I made the deal.”
“Stop the car!” he cried, sitting up straight and staring at the window. Dean slammed the brakes, swearing loudly but Jack paid him no mind. As soon as the car had come to a stop, Jack threw the door open and stared at the dog on the other side of the road. It was grey and skinny, definitely dirty, but it looked scared too. Jack slowly approached it, ignoring his dads’ calls, kneeling a few feet away. “Hello,” he whispered, holding a hand out to the dog. “I won’t hurt you, I promise. I want to take you somewhere safe.”
“It’s too late for that, isn’t it?” Bela smiled tightly up at him. “I’m still stuck there and you’re up here. Forgotten about me already?”
Neither John nor Dean had seen him as he peered into the doorway. Dean’s eyes were closed, clenched against tears that threatened to escape as he lay on his stomach, the bare skin of his back exposed. John’s back was to the doorway that Sam peered into. Sam wanted to interrupt - ask if Dean had gotten hurt or something, he figured that maybe their father was patching up a wound - but decided against it when he saw the way his father raised his belt above his head. Sam couldn’t watch what he assumed was coming, so he ran down the hallway, only a sharp
“Are you really not going to talk to me?” Dean asked, sitting across from Claire at the kitchen table, eyebrows raised. “Kiddo, even with your stitches out, you can barely walk. You go out on a hunt like this and you’ll get yourself killed.”
“That was very fascinating Dean, thank you for sharing with me,” Cas said sincerely. “Despite watching over Earth for all these eons, I have not taken the time to really appreciate the things that humans have discovered and invented. You have given me that chance tonight and I appreciate it greatly.”
Dean wiped a hand over his face and nodded, “Thank you,” he said, almost a whisper. Cas furrowed his eyebrows in confusion and waited for Dean to continue speaking.
“Good, chicks dig scars.” Dean laughed at that, and Claire thought maybe being stuck at the bunker for a bit wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world.
Kaia knelt beside her, ignoring the brief flare of annoyance she felt at the wet grass on her knees, “It’s not stupid. You’ve lost so much of your life in such a short time. It makes sense that it would hit you at some point.”
“And this one,” Castiel said with a small chuckle. “It means ‘you breed with the mouth of a goat’.” Claire just raised her eyebrows and stared at him. “It’s funnier in Enochian.” Claire did snort at that, covering her mouth with her hand.
“Long story short, the kids snuck out and one of Michael’s buddies found them. They’re okay, but… Cas says that this angel, Naomi means business. Cas thinks we need to act now.”
“Dad-” Dean tried to get between them, to try and calm them down, but John just pushed past him to get into Sam’s face.
“I love it,” Claire replied, beaming, “If it’s okay with your wife of course. I should also probably talk to Kaia,” she added hastily.
“That’s not the point, and you know it, Claire,” Dean snapped. “Something could have happened to either one of you, or both, and we wouldn’t have known about it!”
Before long, Claire was in the drive-through of McDonald’s asking what Jack wanted. He didn’t know, so they ended up ordering half the menu so that he could try everything that sounded even remotely good.
John huffed, and made his way toward the building that stood before them - a warehouse of some kind, Cas noted.
“Castiel said that we should be looking out for things like bodies of water that have recently become polluted, and mass, unexplained destruction of infrastructure.” Mary supplied, taking a sip of her beer.
A flicker of light caught his eye as he passed one of the hotel’s conference rooms. With little regard for his own personal safety, he flung open the door, totally unprepared for the situation he was getting himself into.
“In a sense,” Castiel agreed. “It’s a bit more complicated than that, but for simplicity, yes, it is above us.” Dean snorted at that.
“I’m Jack Kline. I’m Dean’s son. And God,” Jack answered. “I don’t want you to speak. I’m not really interested in what you have to say. Dean Winchester is one of the best men I know, and he’s been an amazing father to me, and now I’ve learned it’s no thanks to you.” Jack swallowed heavily and squared his jaw. “And because of that, Dean deserves to be the happiest he can be, here in Heaven. No one deserves it more than him, actually, and he can’t do that if you’re here.”
you, man. We’re about to die here, I don’t know where you are but I needed you to know before I die.”
“That is what I have noticed as well. He’s very smart and very capable when it comes to his abilities. However, after we have taken care of Michael, we will have to backtrack. He will need to know how to be human.”
Dean sighed, closing his eyes, “It’s always gotta be something, huh? What do you assholes want from us?”
“Huh,” Dean muttered, lost in thought. “That’s not half bad.” Mary just smiled and patted Dean’s knee. While she wasn’t so sure of Castiel, what his motives were and where his loyalties truly lied, she was glad to see Dean allowing himself to be open with someone that was outside of their family - something he had struggled with his entire life. “Ready to kick some demon ass?”
“Well yeah, considering you were two layers of denim away from fucking him over a table in that resturant!”
“The Pit Bulls! I just saw on the news how they’re being abandoned, we have to save them!” Jack explained hurriedly, trying to make sure his dads knew how important this was.
Cas led the way to the spacious gym in the bunker, “We weren’t sure exactly what you’d need, but we figured that you could use this space. If you need something else, you can let us know.”
“Hey Mom! Me and Dean made it out alive…” Dean let Sam’s voice fade out as he inched his right hand across the seat over to Cas. Cas glanced down and, after realizing what Dean was doing, dropped his hand down onto the seat as well, letting Dean twine their fingers together.
Once they got back into the car, Dean leaned over and surprised Cas by gripping his face and kissing him feverishly. They were both breathing heavily when they broke apart, “What was that for?” Cas asked, clearly confused.
Dean furrowed his brows, “And why are you telling us this, exactly? Your brothers or whatever gave us nothing but trouble.”
The mention of John resulted in an uncomfortable silence, so Bobby spoke up, “So how do we go about tracking Famine down, then? Do we actually know anything about it?”
“We’ll figure it out. We always do,” Sam said. “I think I might have found something anyway. In most cultures, there’s always someone who carries a soul into the afterlife. In Greece and Rome, it was Charon, others the Grim reaper, or even just Death itself. So what if that’s what’s happening in this town? There’s no Death, no one to take anyone to the afterlife?”
Death ignored him, “Besides, depending on how much longer you sit around doing nothing, killing her could be the wrong move. Didn’t that pet angel of yours tell you that her death is the final seal? Do you even know
She and Jack got to work, Claire instructed Jack what to do with specific decorations, like liking the railing of the balcony and staircase with the tassel garland while she strung up the fairy lights around the doorways and the tables. They hung streamers from the ceiling and finally, she scattered confetti all over the tables and set out the plastic plates and cutlery.
John spat at him, but remained silent. Cas leaned closer, spoke a little quieter, “I know what you did to them. I know you abandoned them in motels when Dean was no more than 6, expected him to be a fucking parent because you couldn’t figure it out. I know you neglected them, I know Dean fed them out of vending machines with change he found on the fucking sidewalk, I know he went days on end without food, just so Sam could have something to eat. He was a
Claire was frozen in her spot, completely unsure what to do. She wasn’t sure how long she stood there before someone entered the kitchen behind her.
“Thank you,” she muttered, squeezing him once before letting go. “Now come on, we better get back to the bunker and surprise our old men.” Jack agreed and they set off down the road again, toward the bunker.
“That hurts my feelings,” the demon said, faking sadness. “We were two peas in a pod down in the pit.”
“I see,” the woman replied, taking Claire’s attitude in stride, “My girlfriend is a big fan of those romantic comedies but me? I just want to put on a slasher movie and call it good.” Claire rolled her eyes. Typical straight women, she thought.
Not giving her a chance to refute that, Sam spoke into the receiver again, “Where is everybody? I couldn’t get ahold of Dean, or my mom, or Bobby… and I don’t have my cell phone so I didn’t have any other phone numbers.”
“We both broke down there, Sam. But you got saved. You had an angel pull you out of Hell but where am I?” She took a few steps forward, so they were only a few feet apart now. “I’m still stuck down there. Every day I remember how it feels to have the flesh ripped from my body while I do the same to some other poor soul. I remember how it feels to have every single bone broken at once, only to heal and have to go through it all again.”
The weeks that followed the revelation about what Sam had done in Hell were filled with long stretches of tense silence and shared glances between Dean and Mary as Sam began taking daily walks with Cas.
“Nice talking to you, Cas,” Dean whispered, looking up at the sky - at Heaven - where hopefully Cas had heard him. “I’ll see you soon.”
“Dad,” Dean said incredulously, “Sam and I need to be in Sioux Falls by tonight. No way we can swing that.”
“War’s ‘red horse’ was a ‘65 Mustang so I’m willing to bet Famine’s steed will be similar,” said Sam.
“I don’t even think they make that on cassette,” Dean shot back smugly, “Can’t play it if we don’t have the hardware to do it.”
“I really thought it would be easier than this,” Dean replied, exhausted, “We did so much research.”
“You and me need to have a talk.  Outside.”  John doesn’t move, just looks at Dean.  “Now,” Bobby snaps.
“And she’s what you want most,” Mary said softly. “That’s why Famine didn’t affect you. Because she’s still in Hell.” Sam just nodded.
“Do you need me to come get you?” Cas asked urgently, and she could hear rustling over the line. He was probably already getting out of bed.
“Yeah, we’re all good. My desire to jump your bones isn’t any more than normal,” Dean joked, knocking his shoulder into Cas’. “Speaking of, I guess cat’s outta the bag. Mom and Sam know about us now. Though, we weren’t really being subtle before.”
Dean cut him off, “I don’t want to risk it, Cas. He could hurt you, I don’t want you taking that change. You gotta… do what you have to.”
“We could go old school and do all the classics. Take the batteries out of the remotes, tape down the sprayer on the sink. Oh, there was a kid in one of the group homes that once those googly eyes on like, everything he could reach in the entire kitchen and living room,” Kaia said thoughtfully.
The three kids were able to get out of the bunker a few days after hatching their plan when Sam and Dean had to head to Kansas City for a quick hunt, leaving just Bela and Cas in charge. They headed into town and to the nearest craft store, buying out their entire stock of googly eyes in all the different sizes, as well as several bottles of glitter. They paid for their items with a credit card Claire had swiped from Dean’s wallet.
Sam let out a loud laugh and then took a moment to compose himself, “He didn’t… think you were Lucifer. That thing he said was just a pickup line.”
Once the pair was outside, Dean spoke, voice wavering, though he tried to hide it. “Dad got… Cas said the vamp bled into his mouth.”
“I believe it is making the family play house while they are constantly terrified of her,” Cas corrected. “That is what she derives pleasure from; fear.”
Claire was still in bed when Sam, Dean, and Cas returned the next morning. She hadn’t moved from the spot that Kaia had left her in the night before, but as soon as she heard the entrance to the bunker slam shut, she sat up, breathing quickly.
“Yeah, thanks Cas,” Claire mumbled as she rolled onto her stomach. She heard him say something back and felt a small touch against the side of her head before she was asleep.
“Yeah, that would be great. I don’t want to have to walk around with a built-in polygraph on my arm,” Claire said and, after making sure there wasn’t anything else in the box pertaining to the bracelet, they headed to the library to hit the books.
echoing through his head, Bobby took one more look at the kitchen door and climbed the stairs, leaving Dean to himself.
Before they could discuss it more, Dean’s phone rang with a call from Sam, “Hey, are you guys done?” asked Sam, “Mom called to let me know that she and Bobby will be in sometime this evening.”
“You as well, Dean,” Cas said, returning the smile before he disappeared with a small gust of wind. Dean turned to look at Sam, chuckling a bit when his brother was just staring at him wide-eyed and speechless.
“He’s so mad at me,” Claire groaned and dropped her head to the table. “Now I’m gonna get the silent treatment for like a week.”
“Paperclip? You named the dog Paperclip?” Dean asked incredulously, face screwed up in shock. “Paper...fine. Fucking fine, keep the dog.” Jack beamed and rushed forward, hugging Dean tightly.
Dean did, in fact, choke on his beer, but Claire never would have guessed that he would then snort that beer out of his nose,
The question only made the Cupid cry harder. After they finally calmed him down, he was able to tell them that he had no idea why his charges would be killing each other, and they allowed him to leave. They walked back to the Impala, and started back for the motel to reconvene with Bobby and Mary to determine what was causing the deaths, if not the cupid.
A few minutes later, Dean enters the kitchen, glancing around. Sam is sitting at the kitchen table, opposite Cas, the angel’s new duffle bag placed between them. Cas seems to perk up the second he sets eyes on Dean, and Dean smiles at him, his heart fluttering in his chest. Sam takes note of the display, but doesn’t comment. He merely sits back in his chair, looking pointedly at each of them.
For a split-second, Cas thinks he’s said the wrong thing. That is until Dean pulls him back down for a searing kiss, mumbling something that sounds suspiciously like ‘
Cas nods and shuffles out of the kitchen. Dean sets to work cleaning up the mess. He’s not sure how Cas managed to do it, but the angel got flour all the way on the opposite side of the kitchen, next to the table. Dean doesn’t question it though, he simply wipes down the counter, sweeps everything up, and goes over the trouble spots with a wet mop. Sam pokes his head into the kitchen when Dean’s nearly finished. The younger Winchester surveys the cleaning supplies, the open cookbook and the utter lack of anything in the oven.
He quickly changes into some clean boxers and jeans and is searching for a shirt when he hears a knock against the doorframe behind him.
But most importantly, Sam just didn’t know how to look the angel in the face right now. Luckily, he hadn’t had to last night, but he knows he’s inevitably going to have to do it this morning, and it makes him
Cas nods. While he’s not sure if Sam is exaggerating or not, he has no desire to find out for certain.
The bunker isn’t exactly known for its natural lighting, meaning they rely completely on electric lighting to see. At nighttime, the bunker is
the one that Dean leads down the hallway to his bedroom, their fingers laced together. Cas has tried to make Dean understand, but nothing seems to work. He gives Dean virtually
nice and cozy, it also seems to be very effective. After laying together on Dean’s bed for a while, Dean has succeeded in broaching the ‘nesting’ topic with Cas, and even learned a little bit more about it than what Sam had to offer. The only downside is that snuggling up to Cas and soaking up the angel’s warmth is starting to make him feel a little sleepy.
“Then this should be a fun experience. Sammy and I got to pick out stuff for our rooms, you should get to do the same.”
variety, taking in the taste and feel of Cas’s mouth until they both have to break away for air. They stare at each other, panting.
Cas’s lips twitch into a small smile. He and Dean hold eye contact for a brief moment before he continues speaking.
When Cas finally lets him pull away for air, Dean tilts his head back, gasping, exposing his neck in the process. Cas immediately takes advantage of the opportunity this presents him with. He trails several kisses along Dean’s jaw, then under his ear as he slides a hand up to tangle in Dean’s hair. He presses a kiss to the side of Dean’s neck, sighing reverently against his skin. Cas tilts his head up and his lips brush against Dean’s ear, causing Dean to shiver.
Needing to distract himself, Dean decides the kitchen needs a thorough clean. He starts putting dishes away, throws the thawed-out ice pack he’d been using earlier back in the freezer, and wipes down all the counters. He cleans out the microwave, and the toaster, and the oven, making sure each of the appliances look brand new by the time he’s done. He wipes down the kitchen table and all the chairs. He sweeps the floor and is considering mopping it when he hears footsteps approaching. Dean glances at the clock on the microwave.
if he’s not mistaken, but Dean never gives him so much as a second glance. Cas has come to realize that he’s stuck in what modern humans commonly refer to as the
As you may have noticed, this work is now part of a series! That's right, there's more to come. After going back through Chapters 10 and 11, I decided I just couldn't end the story here, I wanted to keep going. While I am still working out the details, I am currently writing a sequel to this story that will pick up immediately after this chapter ends. So if you wanna know how Dean and Cas's hunting trip goes, stay tuned!
I do have some other ideas currently floating around, and I'm hoping to start a new work in the next week or so. So, if nothing else, that should keep me busy.
With that, she turns and herds Ashely out of the diner. Once they’re finally gone, Dean relaxes a little. He keeps his arm draped along the booth behind Cas, though he removes it when the waitress brings out their food a couple minutes later.
“I see you guys made some friends while I was gone,” Dean grins at his brother and Cas before glancing up at the girls. “And who might you two be?”
Something like a quick ruffle of Cas’s hair, or a soft pat on his shoulder. Dean shakes himself out of his thoughts.
Inside the package is a cottony, slate-blue comforter set that seems to match Cas’s eyes perfectly. He watches as Dean’s features soften into a look of joy and amusement.
Because he wasn’t able to say that he wanted to leave hickeys on Dean’s neck in Enochian, Cas wrote that he wanted to
“And when we were done with our meal,” Cas says, “we would return home, and spend some quality time together, just you and I.”
He huffs and Dean wraps an arm around him. Perhaps he shouldn’t find the angel so adorable when he gets upset, but he does. There’s something amusing, and almost
Dean gets to his feet and starts putting everything away. He closes and stacks up the books, placing them in the corner. He sorts through Sam’s notes and places them on his nightstand, followed by his pages of translations. Dean stretches, and his stomach rumbles. He glances at the alarm clock on his nightstand.
“I’m sorry,” he says sarcastically. “But a dark, unidentified figure swimming around in a lake? Kinda screams
At eight o’clock, the two of them migrate to the library. They have a potential case in North Dakota and Sam wants to make sure he has all the bases covered before they head out there. Dean’s pretty sure it’s gonna be another salt-and-burn type deal,
The angel gestures at the dreamscape around them. He looks at Dean intently, but the hunter doesn’t respond.
“Dean? What were you doing under the covers?” the nephilim asks, tilting his head in a perfect imitation of the way Cas does when he’s confused.
“One day, things will be different, and Jack will be able to look after himself without getting into trouble,” Cas says. “We just have to be patient.”
To convince himself that this is just a fluke, Dean continues translating bits and pieces of Cas’s diary. Sure enough, Dean uncovers about a dozen more passages, all talking about
Dean grins up at him. Cas lowers himself back down so that his face is hovering no more than an inch from Dean’s.
“It’s the translations I took from your journal,” Dean explains. “I shouldn’t hold onto them, they’re
“Most angels are content to simply be a part of the heavenly host. Heaven is where we get our power from, and we have strong ties to its collective.”
“Look, I think the nesting thing about covers it, but maybe there’s something else I’m missing,” Sam says. “Is there
Cas nods his understanding and presses one last kiss to Dean’s lips before turning to walk back to his own room. He changes into his usual suit and trench coat, then turns his attention to his duffel bag. Cas practically
gets to see. Sam may have caught glimpses of it, sharing hotel rooms with his brother for so long, but now that they have the bunker,
The power comes back on and Dean slowly adjusts to the sudden light that fills his room. He blinks, looking around, then sighs. Dean sits up and buries his face in his hands.
—Dean slowly peels his hands away from his face, tempting fate by letting his hands hover just to either side of Cas’s hips. Dean doesn’t touch him, but it’s a near thing. Cas glances down at him, but doesn’t say anything. Dean bites his lip.
Thanks again for reading, I hope you liked this chapter. I know it was a little short, but I promise the next one will be a bit longer.
Dean blinks at him. Cas stares at him intently, slowly realizing that Dean is confused by what he said.
way. Not a chance. For starters, Cas would probably be just as gloomy as Dean at being separated. Although, he probably wouldn’t engage in dirty phone conversations while in Sam’s presence.
Cas’s newly freed hand slides around Dean’s back, his fingers stroking lightly at Dean’s spine. The hunter gasps. They break apart and Dean searches Cas’s eyes. There’s hope, fear, confusion, and a
Blessedly, the nephilim decides to lay himself against Dean’s chest, and not Cas’s. He flings his arms around Dean’s middle and tucks his head under the hunter’s chin, cuddling against him like a small child. The entire situation is uncomfortable, largely due to the fact that Jack is the size of a full-grown person, and
with excitement as he starts packing, pulling out a couple different shirts, some boxers, and a pair of pajama pants for when they stay at the hotel together.
Dean does the dishes in a haze. He takes his time about it, letting the repetitive motions of scrubbing, rinsing, and then drying the dishes soothe him. He thinks a lot about what Sam told him, and a lot about Cas. He thinks about all their interactions over the years, about how things might have been different if Dean had manned-up and told him how he felt a long time ago. He sighs, staring down at the sink. He only got a
aware of Dean’s seemingly never-ending string of lovers. Most of them, Cas never has to meet personally, but the few and far between he catches glimpses of when he joins the brothers on a hunt
Dean doesn’t bother to wait for a response, he simply turns and walks away, heading for the kitchen...
Cas kisses him softly, then slides a hand between them, wrapping his fingers, which are suddenly slick, around Dean’s cock. He keeps his strokes light, making them in time with each of his thrusts. Dean moans loudly, then captures Cas’s lips in a kiss.
Cas is to do this for him. When he’s done massaging Dean’s back, Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, and the two of them stand like that for a while under the hot water, Dean leaning back against Cas’s chest, and Cas pressing forward into him. At some point though—
Sam stretches and runs a hand over his face. He glances over at the kitchen table, then back at the doorway. He sticks his hands in the pockets of his pajama pants and waits for the coffee to finish brewing. He had had a
Dean pretends to contemplate the answer, biting his bottom lip. His eyes flick over Cas’s body once more.
of a difference between reading an article about blow job tips on the private browser tab of a laptop, and
Dean can feel him pressed against his side, his hand sliding up to rest on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’s face is only inches away from his, head angled towards him so that their lips could easily fit together.
“It kinda makes sense, Dean. I mean, it all adds up. The room, the bedding, the tv, the whole gift-giving thing, the being glued to you...Now apparently wanting you to sleep with him? It all pieces together pretty nicely.”
. The angel returns the gesture, and Dean swears he can taste a spark of electricity on Cas’s tongue. He tangles his hands in Cas’s hair. They quickly find a rhythm, moving in sync with each other as if they had done this hundreds of times before. It’s familiar, but also exciting, and it makes Dean feel just a
Dean runs a hand through Cas’s hair, pushing it back from his forehead. Cas makes a soft noise at that, leaning into Dean’s touch. His grip on Dean’s middle seems to lessen slightly, and Dean sucks in a shallow breath. He leans down and presses a kiss to the top of Cas’s head. Cas hums appreciatively and tilts his head back, glancing up at Dean. He inches up Dean’s body, until their faces are about an inch apart. Dean presses a quick kiss to the angel’s lips, then starts to pepper his cheeks and chin with soft kisses. Cas’s arms relax around his waist, holding him just tight enough to keep their bodies flush together, but not so tightly that it inhibits Dean’s breathing. Dean takes a deep breath, relieved.
doing this, Dad. She’s at peace, and we’re not ruining that just because you can’t get over yourself.” Dean walked out of the room without another word. Cas looked like he wanted to follow, but he rushed over to Claire, Kaia, and Jack instead, cupping Jack’s face and asking if he was alright. Jack nodded, though he still looked a little spooked, and Kaia was gripping Claire’s hand in a vice-tight grip.
He kept one of his arms around her, but he turned slightly so that he could yell, “Everyone, get in here now!”
“You’ve got to give Cas a break,” said Sam, “I don’t think the guy even knows you have a crush on him.”
For the next hour, Jack and Claire dug through different boxes in the storage room, pulling out all manner of objects and artifacts. They had fun reading off the tags to each other and trying to guess what something did if it wasn’t listed.
Mary stared him down, eyes narrowed. She tried to reach for the Colt, but found herself unable to move under the demon’s influence.
“It’s you that’s been having the late night chick flick moments with him,” Sam snorted, taking any chance he could to tease his brother.
“I must return to Heaven and tell them of the events that unfolded,” he said apologetically. “I will be as quick as I can.”
“Do you know why this happened in the first place? It’s a sign of the apocalypse, right?” Castiel hesitated for a moment.
Luckily, the three of them left her alone for the next few hours, but just around dinner time, there was a timid knock on her door. Claire got off her bed slowly, watching the door. That had to be Jack, neither Cas nor Dean knocked like that. She crossed the small space and unlocked the door and, just as she thought, Jack was standing there.
“He was a drunk, a real mean one. He’d get a few in him and he’d start screaming at my mom and me. Well, one day he started beating on my mom and he just wouldn’t stop. I’d finally had enough of his shit, and I… I took his shotgun, and I shot him. We buried him in the backyard, never really spoke of him again. My mom told the neighbors that he ran off to Florida with a younger woman.”
“My god, you never shut up,” Sam huffed. “Just tell me where Lilith is and I’ll make carving that ring off your finger as painless as possible.”
“Thank you,” Jack couldn’t help his blush. “I didn’t realize it had been so long since I left. How did…” Jack trailed off, not wanting to form the words.
Dean thanked Bobby profusely before throwing himself in the Impala’s front seat. He froze as he stared at the door to the bar, thinking of the attractive man in the cowboy hat, waiting for him to return. No, he forced himself to put the key in the ignition. It was better this way. He can’t risk his dad somehow finding out.
“Want to what, huh?” John asked, looking Claire up and down. “No one here to protect you now. Not your pretend dad, not Dean or Sam.”
“Nah man, angel is a term of endearment. Like baby or honey or something,” Dean explained, pressing his face into Cas’ neck.
“Get away from him,” Dean said calmly, aiming the gun directly at John. John turned around slowly, Sam already gaping at Dean.
“That’s finally the last of it,” Sam sighed in relief, flattening the last box. He and Bela were officially moved into their house - rented - in Manhattan, close to campus so that it was less than a ten minute drive, but far enough away they wouldn’t be too close to any regular campus activities.
“I’m gonna get Claire some clothes, but we need to clean the kitchen,” Kaia said nervously. “And someone has to tell Sam and Dean.”
“No, he doesn’t let me drink anything but beer,” she swallowed heavily, looking around quickly to try and find the best escape route. There were a few dirty dishes by the sink - a few plates, a mug, some spoons, and a knife - and some spice jars on the island that hadn’t got put away.
“What’s going on?” Mary called from her office. Dean walked down the hall to stand in the open doorway, leaning against the frame.
For the rest of afternoon, Claire stayed hidden in her room to try and avoid having to reveal anything she wasn’t ready to, but when Dean called that dinner was ready, she knew she couldn’t avoid it any longer.
“Oh, nothing really,” Jack said, hoping it sounded as nonchalant as he meant it to. “Just hung out.”
Once the majority of the work inside was done, and all that was left was repainting the house, Dean and Cas took Claire and Kaia to a nearby Bed Bath and Beyond for housewares, and to a thrift store for a few pieces of furniture to get them started. Dean let the girls arrange their newly-bought furniture the way that they wanted, while Dean, Cas and Jack got started on painting the exterior of the house in the muted lavender tone that Claire and Kaia had chosen.
Sam laughed, “Don’t worry, the Men of Letters were fucking loaded, we’ve got you covered in that department.”
“Claire and I are going to watch Star Wars!” Jack said, eyes practically twinkling. Dean and Cas both turned their gazes to her and she shrugged. It’s not like she had any other plans, anyway.
“Not good enough,” Sam growled and slashed the knife across Alastair’s throat before stabbing it into his heart. His eyes and mouth glowed a bright red-orange before he fell limp against the floor. Sam panted as he pushed himself up to stand with Dean, both of them turning to face the two other people in the room.
Sam and Bela went out to get pizza, since none of the local joints were able to deliver to the bunker. Once Jack had a moment to himself, he healed his injuries and went over to speak with Claire.
“There’s something hinky going on in this town, Castiel,” Sam interrupted. “No one’s dying. At all.”
Cas nodded, “You and your brother spent years around him as children, I’m sure I can handle anything he could conceivably throw at me.”
As soon as the door was open, both men were pulled forward and on their knees in front of an older man, two people tied up behind him.
“I admit nothing,” Claire retorted, sitting up and kissing Kaia briefly. “I’m gonna shower before dinner. I still feel like I have shifter goo all over me.”
“Looks like I’m not the ‘fucking moron’, huh?” Cas said to nobody in particular, as John was now unconscious on the sidewalk.
“No, not really,” Claire shook her head and sat down at the table across from him. “Kaia is writing and she gets into this, like, mood, so I figured I would leave her to it.”
“She called me on my way back. It’s not anything I’ve ever even heard a whisper of,” Bobby shook his head. “People surviving things they shouldn’t, no one dying? Sounds like death just...took a vacation.”
Despite the circumstances, the room erupted in soft laughter. “Sure, kid,” Dean said with a smile, “Let’s get some pizza.”
“First, I’m going to make some coffee, Cas is outside praying to Gabe, so hopefully he can help us figure something out,” Dean replied, making for the kitchen.
“Then I suppose we better get back to the motel,” he said as he was already walking to his truck. Mary followed suit.
“Oh Dean Winchester…” Alastair sang. “You know the plan was for you to be one in Hell, not your baby brother. You were supposed to be on my rack. I wonder if you would have lasted longer.”
“If you really believed that, you would have snuck the keys to your car out of my room that first night,” Dean said. “If that’s how you really feel, why are you still here?”
She was sprung from her thoughts as the microwave beeped at her. She poured the contents into a bowl, grabbed the package of nougat and then two beers from the fridge before joining Jack on the couch. He already had the first movie ready to go, so as soon as the snacks were situated on the coffee table, he was pressing play on the remote.
Since Rowena had been consulting with the hunters regarding the impending confrontation with Michael, her training sessions with Jack had dropped off, leaving him to entertain himself. Despite the chaos surrounding them, their exclusion from the strategy meetings left Kaia with plenty of time to write, leaving Claire in much of the same position as Jack. To remedy this, the two of them hung out in Jack’s room - to avoid disturbing Kaia - watching YouTube videos on Sam’s laptop.
“Honestly, yeah,” Kaia admitted with a grateful smile. Claire let Cas help her to her feet, leaning against him as he helped her down the hall back to their bedroom. “Thank you,” Kaia said.
Cas was in the process of rendering medical aid to the humans he had freed when he heard the unmistakable sound of John yelling from somewhere across the building.
“I have something that I need to tell you. Jack called me just before you returned Sam, and something happened at the bunker,” Cas swallowed heavily - this was much harder than anticipated. Despite his own negative opinions and feelings toward John, he knew that Sam and Dean still held some love for their father and that this news would hurt them.
“Thanks, dad!” Claire called just as they left the room, giggling as they heard Dean splutter and fall back in his chair. “You think he’ll get used to us calling him that?”
“Okay, Sammy,” Dean nodded. “One more thing? How close did you and Bela get down there? How much could you even see of her?”
“No,” Sam said, cocking the gun and aiming it at John’s head, “Dean’s right. Something is off with you. I’ve seen him beat Dean bloody for spilling a glass of milk. He would’ve taken it out on us.”
“Yeah but he always says that with what little time he has away from his angel buddies, he’d prefer to spend it talking,” Mary is absolutely positive Dean is blushing this time.
“Sounds good. Now we have to actually find it,” Dean muttered. Cas pushed past them and began leading them down a series of hallways until they were outside a door labeled ‘Security’. “Thanks man,” Dean said. “Anyone in there?”
“I’ll stay up for a bit, be on the balcony if you need anything,” Dean said, throwing the trash from their dinner away before grabbing his beer to head out to the small balcony. He dropped onto the bench and took a long swig, looking up at the night sky.
“N-no I suppose you would not,” Cas said weakly, unable to stop himself from leaning into the touch.
“Traitor!” She gasped, pulling herself up as quickly as possible to run after Jack. She caught up just as they were passing her bedroom and she shouldered him out of the way to pull ahead, smirking back at him. They stayed close as they made it through the library, but in a last-ditch effort to pull ahead as they entered the hallway, Jack took hold of Claire’s arm and pulled her back. This caused her to stumble and fall over her own feet, but if she was going down, so was Jack. She clung to his arm as tight as she could, and he tripped over her legs as she fell, both of them somehow falling on top of each other, laughing and giggling as they tried to get out of their tangle of limbs and body parts.
“His name was Cecil Brown, I was hunting a vampire about fifteen years ago. I was too late to save him,” she answered. “But I burned his body, made sure there was no way he could stick around. How is he back?”
“Girlfriend? As in…” John trailed off, lip curling in disgust as he looked between the two of them. Claire reached over and took Kaia’s hand.
“Okay, you can be mad at us later but right now we have a huge fucking problem,” Claire said shakily.
“We’re still here,” she said when Dean looked at them sheepishly. “Come on, you have other gifts to open!”
“That expression does not make sense,” Cas said with a frown. “Why was there a cat in a bag?” Dean laughed and pulled Cas close as he leaned in, kissing him soundly.
Bobby clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “You don’t have to talk to me about it if you don’t want to, but don’t lie to me either.”
“Yes,” he nodded in confirmation. “They want you to be happy.” Claire let a few tears roll down her cheeks as she threw herself at Jack, hugging him tight for just a moment.
“They love you too,” Jack said simply, as if that didn’t cause Claire’s heart to pound in her chest, so loud she didn’t think she’d be able to hear over it.
“It’s alright Cas, I get it. Gotta report to the bosses,” Dean smiled a little and figured in for a penny, in for a pound - they had already been outed - and leaned in, kissing Cas goodbye. “Take care of yourself.”
“Wouldn’t put it past him,” Claire said and then turned her attention to Jack and his game, giving him pointers and tips on the best way to play.
I would say this is when it starts to deviate most from canon, but if you ask me, it's for the better.
“Yeah, man, our rooms share a wall,” Dean rolled his eyes. “And it killed me to not go wake you up. But you wouldn’t talk to us so I figured you would want to be left alone.” Sam just smiled gratefully at Dean.
“Let’s have some cake,” Dean said, smiling down at the plate in front of him. “Are you guys gonna sing to me?” Claire just smirked and pulled a lighter from her pocket to light all the candles. Once they were all flickering, the three of them began singing ‘Happy Birthday’, all loudly and off-key. Claire filmed Dean as they sang, and while this could be incredible blackmail material with the way he was blushing and smiling, she figured she might just keep this one as a happy memory.
“Here’s how this is gonna go,” Dean’s tone left no room for argument. “I’m gonna take you inside so that we can clean your leg and get a new bandage on it. Then we’re gonna get some food in you, cause I can guarantee your blood sugar is way too fucking low.”
“It’s not gonna happen, Gabe,” said Dean in a tone that suggested it would be better not to argue with him.
“She will be,” Dean said. “She’s just scared cause she’s 18 and has no idea what she wants to do with her life. Told her she’ll figure it out and that we’ll be here for her no matter what.”
He was packing, before.  He had been throwing his stuff back into his beat up duffel and he’d gone to clear off the shelf that held everything he owned.  Mostly it was books from Bobby, beat up old paper backs that he’d thought Dean would like.  He was right, he was always right.  He’d spent so many days this past month curled upon the couch downstairs, absolutely nothing to do but finish these stories.
Sam and Dean exchanged curious eye contact, “Maybe there’s some kind of convention,” Sam suggested. They were promptly checked in and given the key to their room, which turned out to be just as luxurious as the rest of the hotel had been. Dean flopped down on one of the beds, praying to Cas so that he knew where they were.
“Not yet, I want to wait until they are on their way home so as to not ruin their day,” Cas kissed her head. “Why don’t you go into the kitchen and finish preparing lunch? I’ll be in to join you in just a moment.”
The day after Sam’s confession, Dean was on the steps of their back porch when Cas appeared in front of him.
“You did an amazing job,” Dean praised, ruffling Jack’s hair. “I go see Bobby and Karen all the time, hang out with Jody and Donna every so often. Hell, I’ve even seen Garth a few times.”
They got out of the school as quickly as possible, both agreeing to just get back to the bunker and clean up there since it was such a short drive. They spent the entire ride with all the windows down and the radio turned up loud as they sang along. Claire even got Jack to dance a little bit in his seat to some of the more catchy songs.
“I told you, I’m fine,” Claire said proudly but as soon as she tried to use her injured leg to walk, she was falling to the ground, though she never made it. Both Cas and Dean had rushed forward to catch her.
“You never told me that, Dean,” Sam was leaning forward in his own seat, signing Dean’s words to Eileen even as he stared at his older brother, at his protector.
Dean shook his head quickly, “I dealt with it, they’re all okay now, but Jack was messing around with his powers and it got pretty serious. Somehow they managed to start a fire, and Clarie ended up with a broken wrist - ” Cas moved to speak, but Dean kept going “- she’s healed, it’s okay. I just think that… maybe his infrequent sessions with Gabe aren’t enough, you know? We gotta do something else. I don’t want anything bigger than this to happen.”
He doesn’t realize he’s crying until Bobby is suddenly in the doorway asking, “Need any help?”  Dean freezes.  He should be better at lying.  “Dean?”  He’s shoving in clothes now, chest heaving.  “Dean?  Stop for a second, stop.  Look at me, son, just breathe.”  Bobby gets a hand on his back and says, “It’s okay, just breathe.”
Naomi ignored the girls and stepped further still, focusing on Jack, “You have a duty to Heaven, Jack. Come with me, and you’ll have power that you’ve never even dreamed of.”
Cas sighed, a bit frustrated with himself, “I thought I recognized one of the vessels but, as a human my memory isn’t as good as it once was. It took me a bit of time to place where I remembered it from.”
“It’s really him, Bobby,” said Dean, stepping forward to take the knife from Bobby’s hand, “He has been thoroughly tested.”
Dean was the first to speak, after he cleared his throat, “Well, if you ask me, it sounds like he deserved it.”
“What do you mean? It was me and Cas,” Dean said with a shrug. “It’s not like it’s the first time I’ve kissed him.”
“I’m sorry that I left the way I did,” he said, eyes downcast, “It was unfair to put that on you without an explanation.”
“Of sorts,” Castiel finally admitted. “Not so much a list as a set of guidelines. Lilith is breaking the seals to Lucifer’s cage in Hell.”
“Dean does the same when he’s working on his car,” Castiel said, abandoning his book without a second thought.
“Check on us? So you saw what was happening and didn’t think to help?” Dean questioned, standing so that he and Castiel were on equal footing.
Cas sat in a chair in the corner of the room, and when Rowena realized he wasn’t going to leave, she turned to Jack. “Well, why don’t you show me what you can do, then?”
“I know,” Jack replied solemnly, “I’m sorry that I couldn’t explain it before I had to leave. They were threatening to come for you and I just couldn’t let them.”
“Don’t forget to call so I can tuck you in and say goodnight,” Dean said sarcastically as he pulled Claire into a hug. “Be careful. Call if you need anything.”
“I’m leaving for a hunt tomorrow morning, gotta pack,” Claire answered, and she could already feel the disapproval.
“He will come around eventually,” Castiel said confidently. “He loves you and Dean very much, which is why it is so difficult to tell you of his believed failures.”
This particular time, he showed up with a duffel and a mission, “There’s a pretty sizeable vamp nest that needs to be taken care of,” he said gruffly, walking through the doors of the bunker like he owned the place, pointedly not greeting Cas or Jack - symbols of his eldest’s transgressions.
Rowena had been delighted to receive a call from the Winchesters requesting that she come back out to the bunker to meet and help out with their nephilim. While she hadn’t been totally sure of what to expect, she was certainly surprised by Jack.
before falling to the ground like a rag doll. Dean could do nothing but watch, eyes wide and jaw dropped.
“Claire,” Kaia started one evening once they had retired to their room after dinner. Now that there wasn’t an immediate threat, she knew she needed to share this, “I need to tell you something.”
“Of course, Cas, go do your heavenly duties or whatever it is. Just...even if you can’t stay long to talk, it’s nice to hear from you,” Dean said, watching Cas as he kept his gaze trained up above. Dean licked his lips at the sight of Castiel’s neck stretched, his stubble creeping down and the vein standing out against his skin.
“You’re just going to walk in there and shoot her,” Death deadpanned, “I’m sure she wouldn’t see that coming.”
Sam took a few steps forward, reaching up to hug his brother. Dean returned the hug, patting Sam on the shoulder, only wincing a little bit when Sam’s hand grazed the welts that littered his back.
“We’ll be in our room if you need anything, okay?” Dean said, standing and doing the same as Cas before coming over to the two of them on their side of the table. He kissed both of their heads softly, bidding them goodnight as he and Cas left the kitchen. Claire got up and walked over to the sink, turning on the hot water and plugging the drain. Jack joined her a moment later, grabbing the dry dish towel off the handle of the stove.
Sam let out a laugh, “We’re going to have a hard time finding one around here, I’ll order one for you online. In the meantime, we can take the Impala out and listen to it, though.”
“The one in Salina, it sounds like a rugaru,” Dean said. “You should take it. But you should bring someone with you, they can be a bitch to take down.”
They drove silently for several hours, Dean finally pulling off the highway onto a dirt road just after one in the morning. They were quiet as they built the pyre, as Dean doused it with lighter fluid, and as the flames rose high, warming them from the inside out.
“You might not say that once you try it,” Claire said, shame coloring her voice. “We may have overbaked it. A lot.”
“Alright, players to starting position,” she said and opened her door, standing right outside it. She leaned forward, one foot in front of the other, watching as Jack copied her. “Ready...set...go!” Claire took off down the hallway, Jack startling a little but following not far behind her. He was doing well until they rounded the corner into the library and he slid too much and veered off course.
Armed with Death’s ring and a tracking spell Death had given them to find Lilith, Sam and Dean got back into the Impala. Dean paused for a second and then threw the keys to Sam, “I’m going to pray to Cas,” he said by way of explanation as he walked away. Sam nodded and slid into the driver’s seat, turning on the car.
Sam met his eyes, neither man saying anything as they stared at one another. “What do you want?” Sam finally broke the silence, though he remained stoic.
Cas ignored him, leaning in way too close to look at the human heart in his hands, “These hearts have been marked in Enochian. These marks refer to a romantic union which means that, most likely, this is the work of a rogue Cupid.”
“This planet survived centuries without Chuck, I think it’ll be okay for one night,” Jack said just as Dean called for them to come eat. Claire followed Jack out of her room, though they walked side by side to the kitchen.
“Sounds like you did a good job,” Claire said and ruffled his hair. “Maybe one day soon, he’ll let you come on a hunt with us.”
“Well,” Cas finally spoke up, “each ring gives power to the horseman who wears it. It allows them to maintain a corporeal form, and can be used to direct their power in a concentrated path. The way that War was able to use it to cause direct conflict, or Pestilence used it to infect the people here. There are rumors that, when combined, the rings have some sort of power, but that knowledge is beyond my rank.”
“No… I did that, kind of. It’s not that. I’m used to taking care of myself. I just don’t know how to have a life. Before my dad… I knew what I was supposed to do. Graduate high school, go to college, find a husband…”
He shook his head, “I have some things to attend to, but if you are able to find a location, you can pray to me and I will come help out however I can.”
Cas was already on his way out the door, “And I am the only one here who has seen horrors even remotely comparable to what Sam has been subjected to.” No one argued after that.
Dean’s manifested in a small cottage on a lake with a pier, the Impala parked out front. The cottage looked as if it had been pulled straight from a fairytale, with vines and flowers creeping up toward the roof, with a small covered porch in front. Jack glanced around, knowing Dean had to be somewhere nearby, startling a bit when the front door swung open to reveal the man himself.
A few weeks after Sam’s angelic resurrection, they hadn’t heard anything else from Castiel - or any other angels for that matter. With Azazel dead and no threat looming on the horizon, the Winchesters had gotten back into their daily routine as much as possible. They were back home, Sam staying until he felt ready to start a fresh semester at college, Dean back working with Bobby at the shop, and Mary fulfilling orders from her online shop and to send in to local stores.
“It’ll be the first time in my life I’ve had an actual, legal, job,” Bela explained, humming as Sam laid her on their bed. She rolled onto her side facing away from the other side and patted the mattress. “Come on, you know I like to be spooned.”
“Ain’t no thing, Cas,” Dean shrugged. “I needed to check under here anyway, she’s a classic, she requires some delicate attention.”
The woman watched John sink to the ground, dazed, and shook her head, eyes wide. “Can I take you to a hospital or something?” Cas continued.
Dean cleared his throat. “Got nothing from the last victim’s wife.” He ignored John’s mutter about how useless he was and instead sat down on the bed next to Sam. “I was thinking we could call Bobby-”
“What about Claire?” Jack knew that Castiel considered Claire to be his own child, alongside himself, of course.
A little bit flustered - from what, Jack couldn’t tell - Claire flung the door open. “Oh, Jack! Hi, what are you up to?”
They maintained eye contact for a moment, and Dean laughed, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in, “As much as I would like to test that, let’s find Sam and get the hell out of here. This place gives me the creeps.” He stood up and offered Cas a hand to help him up, “Can you heal yourself or do you need me to do something?”
“I didn’t even know Cupids were real,” mused Mary fingers tapping on her knee anxiously, “I’m surprised I’ve never come across one before.”
“He did? I was betting on another year before he let you join,” Claire shrugged. “Tell me about it.”
“To announce your presence, so you don’t scare the shit out of me?” Dean suggested with a raised eyebrow.
“Don’t worry about that, kid, I forgave you a long time ago,” Dean interrupted him. “It’s just...I haven’t seen my old man in about sixty years.”
Cas nodded, though Dean couldn’t see him, “Do you want me to… I think I could get him back to Lebanon if you…”
Claire swallowed heavily as Dean just stared at the box, quickly reaching back to grab Jack’s hand, squeezing it. “Dean?” Jack’s voice was soft and unsure.
Dean returned to the car, this time with Cas in tow. Sam wasn’t surprised in the slightest when Dean crawled into the back of the Impala next to Cas, rather than choosing the open passenger seat.
“What? I hate when I lose my page,” Kaia said, setting the book down on the nightstand next to her. “I’m good now.” Claire rolled her eyes fondly and pulled Kaia down into another kiss, humming softly against her lips.
He landed outside of Mary and John’s heaven, which was a replica of their home together in Lawrence, when Sam and Dean were children. He thought it was a little strange that their Heaven was a place that was filled with so many bad memories.
“Yeah, well, when you have a kid sometimes your perspective changes,” Dean rolled his eyes, but Claire could tell it was nothing but fond. She was fairly quiet through dinner, only interjecting a few times or answering a question directed toward her.
“I suppose...a real tree wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world,” Dean said. “Go get dressed and we’ll go get one.”
“Human. You called me Angel. I assumed we were using each other’s species to address one another,” Cas said simply. Dean dropped his head onto Cas’ shoulder as he laughed, a deep belly laugh that made Cas smile to hear.
“I should prepare you, though,” Cas said, “He’s not actually a baby. After his birth he was able to age himself up. Dean would guess that he’s physically in his twenties, but we haven’t been able to figure out his mental age quite yet. He’s able to talk, but there are many things he doesn’t know. It’ll be an interesting experience to observe him.”
“Oh,” Castiel said and dropped his head. He was silent for a long time, but Claire didn’t push for him to speak. “Angels, as a species, were made to follow. We were soldiers, perfect soldiers. Never question an order, never have doubts, never feel anything but love for our Father. The garrison I was in was given the order to raise the Righteous Man from Hell and once he was alive again, I was tasked with guiding him.”
“Because I like being taken care of,” Claire answered, breathing heavy. “Because you two take care of me in a way that I haven’t had in a long time and I miss that.”
“Oh,” she said blushing, “Actually, my nightmares aren’t really about Hell anymore. My childhood was… difficult, I guess,” she swallowed and hesitated, “For some reason, memories of that keep coming to me.”
In celebration of both Kaia and Sam going off to college, Dean went all-out. He ordered Cas and Jack to decorate the bunker, while he locked himself in the kitchen for hours on end, making all kinds of food for the party.
Dean nodded, pulling out his phone. Sam went back inside, leaving his brother to call his boyfriend in private.
He hoped that in a few days, once they finally crack the case, they’d roll out of here and stop at a diner and the tension would break. Sam would eat his raisin toast and laugh at something Dean says to lighten the mood and everything would be okay because Dean had been playing mediator for going-on ten years now.
”After they were both paint free, Claire and Jack walked to the kitchen together. The food was already plated and Cas and Dean were sitting at the table.
“C’mon, I think it’s time for bed,” Cas said when he saw how tired the girls were. “Did you need help getting her to your room?” he asked Kaia.
“John Winchester is an outstanding hunter,” Cas said with a tight smile. “And he became that at the cost of being a father.” Claire sucked in a sharp breath; having a hunch and having it confirmed were two different things.
She shushed him, focusing intently on the voices in her head. After a few tense moments, she took a deep breath and spoke, “It seems that they’ve found Jack.”
“Yeah, let’s get home and we can talk to everyone about it. I know Bobby and Karen have been reaching out to other hunters to see if they know anything, reading through as many different bibles as they can find,” Dean and Mary got in the Impala and began the short drive back home.
Cas took a step toward him, “Dean-” he was cut off by Sam calling down the stairs for Dean to hurry his ass up.
“She is at peace. Her soul is in Heaven now,” Jack said decisively and trained his eyes back on Cas. “Why am I unsafe?”
Without a good reason to argue, Dean just nodded, and so Cas went into their bedroom to pack his bag, rolling his eyes at the situation he had gotten himself into. He could hear the sounds of the Winchester brothers arguing with John again, Dean’s voice hard as he said “You be nice to him. Don’t put your shit on him. You have a problem, you take it up with
Several of the deities exchanged looks, contemplating the Winchester’s plea. One of the deities - with the body of a man and a distinctly canine head - approached them menacingly, “You’ve had your chances, there will be other humans.”
“Real bad, kiddo, you’re gonna need stitches,” Dean said. “We can’t do those here, though. I don’t have the stuff and we’ll need the privacy. I’m gonna clean this and bandage it back up, okay?”
Dean scanned the room to see that several other … beings lined the walls - some that appeared to be human, and some that had less-than-human features. “What the fuck did we stumble across? Did I miss the memo about a furry convention here?”
“I want to be a Winchester.” Claire whispered. “And not just...I want to be Claire Winchester legally.” She didn’t even notice the bracelet falling from her wrist, hitting the table with a light pinging sound.
“Okay, so, I’ll set a timer for thirty minutes and while they’re breaking, we’ll make the buttercream,” Claire said, pulling up the recipe for the buttercream on her phone. They got started on that and only served to add to the mess, with powdered sugar covering absolutely every surface in the kitchen, as well as Claire and Jack themselves.
“Good to know,” Dean said and cleared his throat. “So, I have a question for you. During the first sign of the apocalypse or whatever, all those souls rose, and it was people that were killed by the supernatural-”
“Fucking dykes,” John grunted. “Couldn’t handle anything more than a beer anyway.” Claire bit the inside of her cheek. As much as she wanted to yell and scream, her instincts were shouting at her to just
“We just wanted him to have some fun,” Claire explained, “He’s been stuck here for a while. We didn’t think anything bad would happen.”
But the doctor's face was suspiciously static no matter where he moved. “That’s gotta be him,” Dean agreed. “Let’s go then. What room is that?”
“It means we need to rub butter all over the inside of the pans, so the cakes don’t stick, “ Claire explained, looking at the butter for a moment. “I think maybe the easiest way is to just use our hands?” Jack nodded and broke off part of the stick and began to rub it all over one of the pans, Claire doing the same. After all three were buttered, they washed their hands and Claire got the flour out of the cabinet.
He was about to reply, when Kaia made her way over to the door, pulling on a sweatshirt, and Claire turned to her, “Jack wants to sneak out. Wanna come?”
This is the smutty chapter, I believe there's two sex scenes and one sex dream, so buckle up for this one.
“And not presently?” Claire asked, biting her lip. She had seen the way Sam and Dean sometimes acted in certain situations. Dean’s attitude toward food, the way they refuse to throw clothes away until they’re actually in tatters, the attitude toward authority figures...she’d seen it in all the group homes she had been to over the years.
“We’ll meet you back there,” she told her boys, giving each Dean and Sam a kiss on the cheek. Cas waited until the two had driven off before turning to Dean.
“Sure kiddo, I’ll make sure it’s ready,” Dean said, leaning back in his chair as Claire and Jack began heading down the hall to the showers.
“Where is Cas?” Jack asked, glancing around. He always thought that the two of them would go together.
“The room is currently empty of any occupants,” Castiel said. Dean grinned and opened the door, he and Sam heading to the monitors. They began methodically scanning each screen, looking for anything out of place. While they didn’t spot Pestilence at first, something all three of them did notice was just how...sick everyone was - residents and staff. Every person they saw was coughing or sneezing.
“Bela?” Dean sounded surprised. “Fuck, okay, just sit tight, make sure you’re safe. We’re gonna do this spell and fix everything, okay?”
Anael turned to him with a smile, “Naomi suggested that perhaps Jack would have a better understanding of who his real father is, if his replacement father were out of the picture.”
” Sam hissed, “These are deities - Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Nordic...were you really going to shoot Artemis with the Colt?”
Sam pursed his lips, “Yeah, actually. Everything around it is totally destroyed but it really doesn’t have a scratch on it. And it’s red…”
Dean hadn’t felt himself moving, hadn’t made the decision consciously, but within a split second, he had reached into John’s open bag and grabbed the shotgun that was sitting on top and cocked it, the sound stopping John in motion.
“I think he just needs some time,” Mary said, patting his arm, “Don’t forget, your brother has been through a lot.”
“Maybe whenever you’re down here on Earth, if you got time, we could do this again,” Sam suggested, a bit warily. It’s not easy asking an angel of the Lord to take a walk with you.
“I said I was thinking of heading to Stanford early,” Sam laughed humorlessly. “Check out the town and all that. And Dad said he’d rather I were fucking killed on a hunt that have a son that goes to college.”
“We gotta get out of here, Sammy,” Dean said gruffly, “I’m sure Azazel’s friends aren’t too far behind him.”
When Cas came in to check on him, Dean had been dancing around to one of the pop albums that he pretended to hate when the kids wanted him to play it in the car. He fumbled to turn it off, but Cas’ eyebrows raised in a way that told Dean that his secret was out.
“It’s John. He’s dead,” Jack breathed out. Cas’s heart stuttered in his chest, and, though he would never admit it, had an immediate feeling of relief wash over him.
what it’s like.  I know men like you, I grew up with a man like you.  I’ve killed men like you.  I’ve buried their bodies in the yard and nobody has ever been the fuckin’ wiser because nobody misses men like you when you’re gone.”
Due to the significant angel warding in the bunker, Cas headed to the large field outside so that he could pray to Gabriel. As if expecting the call, Gabriel materialized in front of Cas almost instantly.
“Oh, I’m just sneaking in with you and then I’m gonna go find this son of a bitch,” Claire waved her hand. “You’ll be fine, you know everything, remember? Just make sure it’s dumbed down enough for eight year olds.”
“Not that it’s any of your fucking business, but I’m their kid,” Claire flexed her hand holding the grip of the gun. “Why are you here?”
And Mary also knew that hunters were not the most accepting bunch. She knew Dean had never told anyone outside their family about his sexuality and for good reason. She could only imagine the comments he would get from hunters her age and older. She knew Dean felt discouraged, finding someone in the life that would be accepting of his entire person would be nearly impossible, so he took what he could.
“Oh, umm, you know, not that much?” Dean shrugged, stuttering a little. “Just, he’ll usually come down every couple’a days to talk.”
Dean paused as he felt the familiar gust of wind from an angel’s wings. “Dean,” Cas greeted. Dean opened his eyes and saw Castiel standing a few feet in front of him. “You prayed.”
“What the fuck is going on here,” asked Dean, looking around at the others, “Are we sure those were even demons?”
“Oops,” the demon mockingly, covering their mouth with one hand. “If only-” they didn’t get a chance to say anything else as Dean approached, pulling the angel blade from his waistband, and stabbed the demon through the stomach. He waited for the body to drop before rushing over to where Cas lay crumpled on the ground.
“Jesus, Cas, you’re washing your hands like, fifteen times before I’m letting you back into my car.”
“Where do sweet little girls usually live, Sammy?” Pestilence smirked. “With their nice cookie cutter families.” Sam knew they wouldn’t get anymore from him and sliced down, cutting the finger and ring off. As soon as it was detached, Pestilence disappeared into the air. Behind them on the floor, Dean finally was able to take a deep breath.
“I’m just getting some water,” Claire muttered, hurrying past him to the fridge to pull a bottle out.
“Oh, just filling some orders,” she said, gesturing to everything laid out on the table in front of her from small jars and dried herbs to charms and leather strings. “Mostly protection spells, stuff like that.”
“You will have to do this alone,” Castiel said plainly. From his sleeve dropped a silver blade and he held it out to Dean. “Take this, it will kill almost anything.”
“Fuck,” Dean said when she had finished, “I’m so sorry that you went through all of that. You didn’t deserve that, and you definitely didn’t deserve to go to Hell.”
“Could you swallow your pride for one damn minute?” Sam stood from the bed. “This isn’t about you, it’s about saving the people in this town. They don’t deserve to be slaughtered just because you can’t get your head out of your ass.”
“Claire, baby, look at me,” Dean tilted her face up gently. “It’s okay, I promise. I’m not mad, I’m not. It’s okay.”
“He will likely be the hardest to find,” Cas said. “We should focus our efforts on finding Famine first.” The two men agreed and soon they were finished, Dean dropping some cash on the table before they walked out.
“Rowena showed me how to make myself invisible today!” Jack told the two girls excitedly as they all three sat cross legged on the girls’ bed.
Jack smiled, and then his eyes glowed yellow as he began to levitate about a foot and a half above the floor. Rowena smiled and encouraged him, making various suggestions as Cas watched warily from the corner. He intended to stay for the duration of Rowena’s time there, but before long, he heard Dean calling for him down the hallway. With one last glance back at Jack and Rowena, Cas left the room in search of Dean.
“Okay. Kaia and I are going to clean everything up,” Cas thanked him and bid Jack goodnight, hanging up the phone. He sat on the edge of the bed, going over all the different scenarios in which he could tell Dean that his father was dead - by his daughter’s hand. He ultimately decided on waiting until after dinner and then he would lay out the facts that he knew plainly and to both brothers. There was no need to go over the information twice.
“Claire, we’re not going to yell at you,” Cas said, but Dean’s huff didn’t make it very convincing. “We’re just worried about you. We don’t know what’s in all these storerooms, and we don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said, genuine sadness in his voice, “I wish that this had gone differently. I won’t blame you for resenting me for what I will have to do.”
“You’re welcome, Claire,” Cas said, nuzzling into her hair. “Like I said, I will protect you no matter what.”
“No. No, absolutely not. Jack is wonderful, very much like his mother and almost nothing like his father. It’s just that he… struggles to control his powers, and as I am no longer an angel, sometimes I have difficulty explaining the intangible concepts to him.”
“Yes, though angels must receive consent before using a human as a vessel. Jimmy was a very devout man and prayed for this,” Castiel said, looking down at himself - at Jimmy.
“Come here,” Dean set the box down and stood. His face was stoic, jaw set, so Claire wasn’t entirely sure what he was thinking, but she got up from her seat along with Jack. Before she could think to say anything, Dean had yanked both of them into his arms and was crushing them. Claire could feel his face in her hair and hear quiet sniffles.
“I will Mom, I promise. I’m sorry things have been so awful lately, I know you were upset that I didn’t tell you,” Sam said, wiping his cheeks quickly.
Sam smiled awkwardly as he entered the motel room. Donna and Jody sat together on one of the beds, and Jo stood in the far corner, speaking on the phone with someone who was presumably her mother or Ash. Before he could take a step further into the room, he had holy water and salt in his eyes and nose.
Remembering how much she had enjoyed being around Jody and Donna, she smiled. “Could you give me Donna’s phone number, actually? She works at an elementary school, right?”
“Yes, because I don’t want to move you more than we have to. I’ll be right back, I’m gonna get everything.” With that, Dean was up and out of the room, leaving just Claire and Cas.
Dean was going to lose his mind; if only angels were easier to get a read on. Suddenly, Cas stiffened and his face fell back to his usual stoic mask. “You got angel business?”
Tears welled in Bobby’s eyes as he surged forward, engulfing Sam in a suffocating hug, which prompted Donna and Jody to stand up for their turns as well. Before long, everyone was seated, on beds and at the small table situated in the corner of the room, looking at Sam eagerly for further information on the angel Castiel.
Sam flung an arm around his brother’s shoulders and the two stood side by side, only the chirping of crickets and croaking of frogs to fill the oppressive silence. Both of their heads echoed with words they couldn’t say, couldn’t express the relief that they both felt at the thought of a world free of their father, and the guilt that came along with that thought.
Dean was going to hate her, he was going to hate her and throw her out of the bunker and Cas would let him and she would lose her - she would lose her dad all over her again. Both her dads.
He grabbed the Bible and flipped through it as he called Dean back. “It’s from the Book of Revelations, in the Bible!” he said as the call connected. “It’s a sign of the apocalypse!”
“Nothing really, just that he’s probably more likely to respond to your prayer,” Sam said with a shrug. “I mean, me and him, we’re close but it’s different than you guys.” Dean grumbled at that.
“Well, once you put glitter somewhere, it never goes away, so I thought it would be nice to sprinkle some over Dean’s clothes,” Claire explained with a smirk. Once they were back in the bunker, they snuck into the kitchen first and tore open the packs of google eyes and began sticking them to absolutely every single thing they could find, and once they finished there, they moved to the library. It took a lot longer since they decided to put one on every single book on the shelves.
Sam and Dean agreed, jogging up the steps to the church, tugging their guns from their waistbands. “Ready?” Sam asked quietly and at Dean’s nod, pulled open the door and stepped in slowly. Dean followed cautiously, Castiel bringing up the rear until he got stopped right at the door.
“I’m not sure yet,” she replied, “I’ve always really liked English and writing, but maybe History or something. I don’t know.”
He took a deep breath and headed back down the hallway to the infirmary. “Dean?” Cas called and Dean had no choice but to enter, holding the clothes out to Jack.
Cas and Dean were both up and waiting for Claire and Jack in the kitchen when they got up earlier than usual to leave for the hunt.
“Sam!” Dean shouted and shook his brother roughly to wake him from his nightmare. “Sammy!” Sam finally startled awake, sitting up so fast he almost knocked heads with Dean.
The waitress returned to the table and placed Death’s food in front of him, “Can I get you boys anything else?”
“Guess that makes our jobs easier. Come on, it’s late, we need to get some rest before we head home,” Dean led Sam back downstairs and out to the car. They stopped at a local diner to pick up some dinner before going back to the inn. They ate in relative silence, Dean glancing at Sam every so often. “What did Alastair mean? When he said the thing about lasting longer?”
“I think that sounds very nice,” Cas said with a smile. “I would like to take a walk with you again, whenever the opportunity arises.”
“We should go to the Roadhouse,” Mary said, “I bet Jo and Ash can help us out with that. Are you coming with us, Castiel?”
“We’re here to take you to the big man in charge,” one of the demons smirked. “You smite us, you don’t find Famine.” Cas took a deep breath and turned to meet Dean’s eyes, who just nodded once, solemnly.
“Yeah, Dean, I’m here. Can’t get rid of me that easily,” Sam said, and closed the distance between them, the two finally embracing after too many months apart.
“Sam, I know that there’s only so much we can do,” Mary said, pulling his attention to her instead of Dean. “But we’re your family. We want nothing more than for you to be happy and healthy and safe. So, please, tell us what you need from us, okay? This is all brand new territory.”
Sam shook his head, trying to process the overload of information he had just received, “Uh… okay. Well before I get involved with someone else’s plan, I’m going to brush my teeth and see how much of a shower I can take with a water bottle, and
Before Sam could reply, Castiel spoke, “I am needed back in Heaven. You know how to reach me if you need something,” and then, before their eyes, he disappeared.
“Popcorn and nougat it is. Do you know how to work the TV and everything to pull the movie up?” Jack nodded and quickly left the room, presumably going to the rec room. Claire shoved the popcorn into the microwave and leaned against the counter. Everything that Jack told her...she wasn’t sure how to take it. She knew that Cas and Dean cared about her, but she always thought it was more because they had an obligation to, but the way Jack spoke, how he said they acted, it sounded like they genuinely loved her.
Claire pulled the car up to a corner store, and with a wink at Kaia, she walked in by herself. She returned a few moments later with a six-pack of Bud Light.
“Maybe that’s exactly why he is here. Make us so uncomfortable that Sam and Dean say yes just so he’ll leave,” Kaia said thoughtfully.
ever again,” Cas growled, Claire’s heart pounding at the title. She knew Cas felt a responsibility for her, and cared for her, but she didn’t know that he considered her so highly.
“What Dean is trying to say,” Mary said, shooting a glare at Dean, “is that maybe it would be better if one of us did it, because we’re his family.”
“2471,” Sam said, reading the time, date, and location stamp in the bottom corner. “Are we just gonna ambush him then?”
“I’d start with the playgrounds,” War said just as Sam dug the blade into his skin, cutting through the flesh and bone easily until both the finger and the ring had fallen to the floor. Before Dean could do anything, War practically dissolved under his hold. Sam and Dean looked at each for a long moment before Sam reached down and picked up the ring, turning it over in his hands. It was plain and nondescript - nothing they would have ever thought to look for.
“Oh!” Mary exclaimed in surprise, “Let me get Dean and we can talk. Is there anything I can get you?”
“Cas is more of a father to me than you have ever been to Sam or Dean,” Claire was shaking and she was scared, but she knew she needed to do this. “They don’t want you here.”
Throughout dinner, Claire kept a careful eye on Jack, knowing he was biding his time for the perfect opportunity to call Dean Dad for the first time. It finally came toward the end of dinner when Dean was draining the last of his beer - in his ‘Best Dad Ever’ stein - when Jack said, “Dad, could we go on a drive in the Impala?”
“No no, that’s good. Let’s just get the rest of this blood gone.” With that, Kaia knelt down and began helping by scrubbing the blood from the grooves of the tiles that Jack had already mopped.
As expected, Claire and Kaia arrived at the bunker a quarter before four the next day, Dean greeting them both with a tight hug and even a kiss on the top of the head for Claire. Cas moved in as soon as Dean was out of the way, gripping her tight.
It took a few more years for Sam and Eileen to pass, joining the rest of their family in Heaven. As soon as Sam had appeared on the other side of the road to Cas and Dean’s cottage, Dean had run over and yanked his baby brother into the tightest hug he could manage. Jack was only able to stop in for a few minutes to greet his final father figure before he had to return to confer with the angels about an urgent matter - souls leaking from Purgatory.
“I did. I am glad that they are already comfortable with each other. I was worried Claire wouldn’t be able to connect with Jack,” Cas admitted.
Jo was wiping down the bar, humming along to whatever was playing from the jukebox when Sam, Dean and Mary walked through the door into the nearly-deserted bar. “Mom,” she called as she set down the rag she’d been using, “The Winchesters are here.”
“Alright, let’s get some gas and then get out of here. Cas? You staying with us a bit longer or you got other places to be?”
Bobby nodded curtly and drained the remainder of his beer. They didn’t discuss it beyond that, choosing instead to eat a mediocre dinner in front of the TV, pretending that any of them cared to watch college football.
Jo shook her head, “I don’t understand but my mom said that he would explain when he gets here. She said an angel pulled him outta hell and that they’re on their way right now.”
“Can you even eat? Or do you need to?” Claire asked. “Cas never ate when he was an angel, said everything tasted like molecules.”
.  His mother will try and talk about her bible study group until Dad snaps at her.  And that’ll be that.
Dean surged forward and hugged him, and only then did the tears start to fall. Cas rubbed his back, and walked him toward the bed without letting go. Once they were seated, he pulled back just slightly, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled. “Fine, I’ll do it. But y’all better be grateful.” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “I pray to thee Castiel to get down here. C’mon buddy, we need to talk to you about some stuff that’s been happening.” Just as Dean finished speaking, the tell-tale
It took almost forty minutes but eventually, the bunker door was opening, Claire and Jack jumping up from their seats to yell “Happy Birthday!” in unison.
“It’s okay. I’ll be mad about it later,” that got a laugh out of Dean as he tugged her shirt over her head. He didn’t even blink as he grabbed her clean shirt from the pile and helped her get her arms through each sleeve and then over her head.
“It was a direct order from Heaven that you and your family were not to be informed of the seals until you were deemed ready,” Cas said and before he could expand further, Mary had cut him off.
“Similar yeah, but not the same,” he whispered. “Wouldn’t be doing this to my car.” Dean began pressing his lips along the vein in Cas’ neck.
“Yeah, sure. Come on in,” Claire stepped back, letting Jack into her room. He looked around, at the different pictures she had taped to the walls and all her shit that she left cluttered on her desk. “So what did you want to talk about?”
“One of these days, someone is going to realize how fake that ID is,” Kaia said with a laugh, accepting the beers so that Claire’s hands would be free to drive.
“They’re still asleep, I’ll go wake them,” Mary said and headed upstairs, banging on both their bedroom doors. “Get up and get downstairs!” She yelled. “Now, I want to see you in less than five minutes!” She heard identical groaning but it was enough to reassure they were awake and would follow orders so she joined Castiel in the kitchen once more. “They’ll be a few minutes.”
“And you do?” Alastair walked around the two of them so he was standing directly behind Sam. He grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked it back, so Sam was forced to look up. “Do you really know anything about her? You know she’s been down there almost twice as long as you now.”
“Jack’s a good kid, he’d be able to get along with just about anybody,” Dean turned and pulled Cas close, kissing him soundly as he let the eggs cook for a minute. “How long do you think we’ll have him this time?”
Kaia smiled deviously at Jack and Claire, “That’s okay, I brought my iPod and an adapter. I figured we’d have this problem.”
To everyone’s dismay, the entryway lights were on when they went inside, and Cas and Dean were seated at the library table, staring at them expectantly. After a beat of silence Dean spoke gruffly, “Y’all know we have cameras, right?”
“And then when I went to get Sam from the car, he left, said something about how they need him in Heaven, but that we can pray to him if we need him,” Dean said, glancing out the window as if to check if the angel really was gone.
“It was nothing kid. I just got old. Went in my sleep, with Cas next to me and Claire holding my hand,” Dean said with a smile.
“Alright, now you’re gonna have to stand for a minute while I get these jeans off and the new pants on, but I’m not gonna be able to hold you up, okay? You’ll have to hold onto my shoulders and keep yourself up,” Dean told her. Claire nodded and, with Dean’s help, stood up so she was on her feet, both hands on either of Dean’s shoulders to keep her steady. She barely noticed Dean cutting off the rest of her jeans and then lifting each foot to get her new ones on, which turned out to actually be a pair of sweats she used as pajamas. He let her sit back down as soon as they were on.
Dean wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but just as he was finishing his beer, a handsome man wearing a cowboy hat slid into the space next to him. “Can I buy you another?” Dean immediately flushed, stammering a little as he answered positively. The man flagged down the bartender and ordered two beers, casting Dean a charming, sideways grin. “So, what are you doing here in our small town, stranger?”
“We want you to be our dad, Dean. We want to call you that and we want you to do all the dumb dad stuff we both missed out on,” Claire said quietly, Jack coming up behind Dean to hug him.
“You’ve got one more,” Jack said and picked the box up from the chair next to him, sliding it over to Dean. Claire was a bit nervous for Dean to open this gift, she was sure he would love it but it was still scary.
“Chill, so now we just need to get ourselves cleaned up and ready, and then we just have to decorate the cake!” They headed to the showers, Jack picking one at the opposite end of the room to respect Claire’s privacy, something she had to remind him of quite often still. Claire took her time washing herself off all the baking ingredients, including her hair. By the time she turned the water off, Jack was no longer in the room. Claire dried off and wrapped herself up in her robe and made her way back to her room to get dressed in a pair of nicer jeans, a Led Zeppelin shirt that Dean had gotten for her, and her usual boots.
As soon as she was in the driver’s seat, she tugged her phone out of the zipped pocket of her leather jacket and dialed Cas’ number. It only rang a few times before he answered.
Cas nods his understanding. He’s clearly very puzzled, but he doesn’t say anything, he just walks into his room. It
He grabs at the towel around Cas’s waist and tugs it off, quickly draping it over the top of Cas’s head. Dean starts to ruffle his hair with the towel, making it stick out in every direction. Cas chuckles at that, pulling Dean closer as the hunter briskly rubs his hair dry with the towel. Satisfied that Cas’s hair is now dry—and completely
phone call with Cas. Either way, Sam doesn’t want to deal with it. He doesn’t want to listen to a solid weekend of Dean sighing and groaning in self-pity any more than he wants to hear him murmuring dirty things into his phone when he thinks Sam is asleep.
get him in the mood. He’s always been a fan of morning sex, not that he’s had too many opportunities to get it over the years.
He can practically see the gears starting to turn inside Dean’s head. A moment of silence passes. Then two. Then Dean gets stuck.
“I think I would like to have my own space here in the bunker, as you and Sam have suggested on multiple occasions. A room.”
Dean knows that something’s up as soon as he enters Cas’s room. For starters, the bed has been made. Normally, the angel just leaves it with the covers turned down and his throw blanket strewn off to one side. Secondly, Cas has been full of energy all night, and it seems to come to a head when they enter his room. Dean isn’t sure
I’m happy to do this for you, and experience new things with you. I wouldn’t want anything else, I know that now.”
do something about if he wasn’t busy looking for something. He ruffles Cas’s hair and turns his attention back to the laptop. Cas, however, doesn’t seem satisfied with this. He sits up and turns so he’s pressed against Dean’s side, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Dean tenses slightly, eyes darting from the computer screen, to Cas, back to the screen.
Dean looks at him, struggling to understand. Cas presses a kiss to his cheek, still stroking his hair.
He certainly wasn’t going to handle the case by himself, though. Common sense and personal experience have taught him that even a simple-looking case might have more at play, so it was never wise to go it entirely alone. He didn’t know of any hunters in the area, and it was too late at night to call them, even if he did. That left Sam with only two options. The first option was entirely unthinkable. He was
“Oh. You...you sure you girls don’t wanna pull up a chair,” Dean offers, gesturing at the table. “I’m Dean, by the way.”
After a while, Sam kinda tunes it out. They all live in the bunker together, so they’re going to have to figure out how to behave when they’re around each other at some point.
This isn’t too out of the ordinary, however. Since coming to stay with them at the bunker, he and Sam have slowly convinced Cas of the need to wear comfortable clothes when they aren’t working on a case. Nowadays, it’s not uncommon to find him wandering around in a pair of Deans’ old sweatpants and one of Sam’s oversized t-shirts.
want the best for them? There’s nothing he wouldn’t do for Dean or Cas. He’d take a knife, or a bullet, or an eternity in Hell for them. However, there are just some things he
the scent. Dean doesn’t wear it very often, but when he does, Cas is guaranteed to be in his personal space
Sam hastily walks out of Dean’s room. The power returns a moment later, but Sam doesn’t care, he’s already on his way to the garage.
Dean pads as quietly as he can back to his room. Not even bothering to close his door, he flops face-down on his bed, grabbing one of his pillows and pulling it under his chin. Maybe it’s the stress from his argument with Cas. Maybe it’s his impromptu heart-to-heart with Sam. Quite possibly, it’s all the whiskey he just had. Regardless, Dean is suddenly very exhausted and wants nothing more than to sleep. He turns his head to one side and vaguely wonders what it might be like to have Cas lay there beside him, to fall asleep to the sound of his deep voice, and wake up to his impossibly blue eyes.
Dean’s never been any good with moments like these, so it’s no surprise to Sam when he simply gets up to leave. Grudgingly, Sam lets his brother go.
Thank you so much for reading, as always, I really hope that you enjoyed it. This chapter was a little bit longer, but hopefully that was a good thing.
Slowly, Cas chuckles in response. They share a few more kisses and lapse into comfortable silence, rolling onto their sides. Suddenly, Dean lifts his head.
Dean hushes him, tilting his head up to press a kiss to Cas’s lips. “Don’t you worry about that, Cas...I’ll bring the money, you bring on the charm.”
in his sleep. When he has bad dreams, he whimpers softly, until Cas soothes him by gently running a hand through his hair. Tonight however, Dean does something in his sleep that he’s
Dean wants to stay in the shower a while longer, but eventually, they have to get out. Reluctantly, he turns off the water and Cas steps out first, getting them some clean towels. Cas quickly towels himself dry, then wraps Dean in a towel, pulling him out of the shower. Dean lets Cas dry him off, enjoying the way the angel’s hands rub at him as he works down both of Dean’s arms, then his torso, then his legs. He grins when Cas playfully tosses the towel over his head, then frisks his hands back and forth to dry Dean’s hair. When he’s done, Cas lets the towel slide down around Dean’s shoulders, using it to draw him in for another kiss. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s middle, pulling their bodies flush together. They both sigh contentedly and when they pull apart, Dean gives Cas a sleepy smile.
He then claps Cas on the shoulder and grins widely at him. Cas feels just a little bit giddy at that.
taken it upon himself to do some of the research for them. It was a very nice gesture, one that Dean can greatly appreciate, since it means less reading for him. But now, go figure, Sam
“Oh, I’m sorry Cas. I, uh...I don’t think I know what book you're talking about. If I picked it up by mistake, it should still be with all the other stuff I grabbed this morning.”
The Winchesters return to their food. Dean eventually sits up in his chair properly as Cas continues his little shows of affection. Cas inches closer, pressing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder. His hand then reaches up to play with Dean’s hair, occasionally sliding forward so he can stroke Dean’s cheek or jaw with his thumb.
“You think you’re the only one who’s made a mistake?” Cas asks him. “That you’re the only one who’s ever done something wrong in their life?”
With his other hand, Dean removes the paper from Cas’s face, setting it down on the desk. Without thinking, Dean gently strokes his thumb over the lines the paper left on Cas’s forehead, smiling to himself. He feels Cas staring up at him and quickly stops.
one. Dean watches him for a moment, noticing how the angel’s cheeks seem to take on a bit of color. It’s interesting to think that Cas might be embarrassed by his own words, but then, the angel had never planned on someone else reading them. Dean clears his throat.
Cas’s finger moves, pressing in a little deeper, and Dean makes a soft noise at that. He squeezes Cas’s hand as the angel’s finger slowly starts to move in and out. Dean nearly relaxes into the sensation when Cas suddenly hooks his finger, searching for the spot that will drive Dean
Dean stares blankly at the wall for several minutes. When he recovers from shock, Dean realizes what an
Slowly, Cas begins to rock his hips again, doing his best not to overstimulate Dean. When Dean’s body recovers enough, he starts to move with Cas, holding him close. When Dean’s mind recovers enough, he recalls the effect his teasing words and voicings of pleasure have had on Cas, and Dean decides to try something out. He murmurs little bits of praise and affection into Cas’s ear while the angel chases his own release.
“All I did was allow my vessel to catch up to its physical age here on Earth,” Cas continues. “I was hoping it would be more gradual, so I would have the time to come up with a way to tell you, but...obviously this is new for me.”
does is quite different. He sneaks over to Cas’s room, cracks the door open, pauses, then closes it once more.
They make dinner together in the evenings, with Jack asking Dean a million and one questions about why he prepares the food the way he does, and Cas attempting to use the stove. Between answering each of Jack’s questions and watching closely over Cas to make sure the angel doesn’t burn anything, Dean finds a sort of unexpected rhythm. It’s chaotic, and probably wouldn’t make sense to anyone other than him, but Dean likes it.
Dean is shocked. Even so, he quickly realizes that perhaps this is a good thing. Perhaps this means Cas is finally seeing the bunker as a home. And while Dean would never admit it out loud, that’s something he’s wanted since they took it over and moved in. A smile plays at the corner of his lips.
He looks at them with suspicion, but Cas doesn’t press the issue. Sam and Dean quickly head to the library, rushing to get out of earshot. When they’re finally surrounded by books, Sam turns to him, a bewildered look on his face.
“No. Dreaming is an important and healthy process for humans,” Cas explains. “You were simply utilizing it to explore something you didn’t get the chance to do as part of a coping mechanism. You never
He’s still suspicious of Dean’s answer, but it’s clear that even the nephilim isn’t sure why he doesn’t trust it. Dean uses the opportunity to change the subject.
literal, Enochian is also the holy language, which means that there are certain words that exist in English, and indeed in
if they have sex. The honeymoon phase of being glued at the hip during the day and going at it all night may have faded, but the two of them still have a
Regardless of how it ended, I hope you liked this chapter, and I hope you stick around. Thank you for reading!
Dean tangles his hands in Cas’s hair, but otherwise lets him do as he pleases. Lets him kiss and touch and so much more as Cas keeps his promise to Dean.
He keeps an arm firmly looped around Dean’s waist, holding him close. Once they’re inside the bathroom, Cas presses a kiss to Dean’s lips and starts the water running. When he’s satisfied that the water is warm enough, Cas winds his arms around Dean and starts pulling him into the shower. When Dean shoots him a strange look, Cas kisses him again.
The anger fades as quickly as it appeared, and Dean hangs his head, still clinging to Cas. Cas pulls him in closer. He wraps his arms around Dean’s middle, drawing him in for a hug. After a moment, Dean’s arms wind around Cas’s neck. He buries his face in the top of Cas’s shoulder.
Sam quickly turns back to the first page of the book and starts reading, his lips mouthing some of the words.
He crosses over to his closet and peers inside. He finds a grey, henley-style shirt that looks a little nicer than what he normally wears, and decides he’ll wear that. He strips off his flannel, then his t-shirt, dropping them onto the floor. He’s about to grab the clean shirt off its hanger, when unexpectedly, Cas walks up to him. The angel winds his arms around Dean’s neck, leaning into him. Dean’s hands go to Cas’s hips, and before he can stop himself, he turns them to one side and walks Cas up against his dresser. He seals their lips together and presses his hips into Cas’s, boxing him in against the piece of furniture. One of Cas’s hands tangles in his hair as the angel lets out a soft moan.
“I mean, last time we went out to a bar,” Sam continues, “you flirted with a couple guys and you seemed pretty happy.”
long enough. Dean’s lips and cheeks are both a bright pink when they part, and the sight of him makes Cas
Thank you for reading! Not gonna lie, this was a ridiculously fun chapter to work on. I laughed, I cringed, and I really hope it was as amusing for you to read as it was for me to write.
imply that he doesn’t like Cas exactly the way he is, but...it’s kinda nice to see that some aspects of Cas’s time spent as a human have carried over. He still drinks coffee on occasion, and when he feels like it, he enjoys catching a few z’s. Dean carefully steps into the room, making sure not to startle the sleeping angel. Forget the saying about letting “sleeping dogs,” lie. Personal experience has taught him that the rare, sleeping
Dean rubs the back of his neck, and for the life of him, he just can’t bring himself to look properly embarrassed about it, even after what happened last night. His lips twitch into a smile, like he’s actually
The first several passages in Cas’s diary are exceptionally boring, but Dean’s not sure if that’s because Cas has nothing interesting to say, or if he’s just translating something wrong. As Dean discovers, the symbol for
does happen. And so, that left Sam with option number two. Without hesitation, he quickly picked up a couple more things and headed for the registers. He made the drive back home, crawled into bed, and tried to get a few hours of sleep. Now, he’s standing in the kitchen, waiting for Dean and Cas to emerge from Dean’s room. Thankfully, he doesn’t wait long. Just as the coffee is done brewing, Cas stumbles into the kitchen. He takes one glance at Sam and freezes like a deer in the headlights. Sam holds back a sigh and slowly looks at the angel, not quite meeting his eyes.
Dean stares at him for a moment, then surges forward, pressing a desperate kiss to Cas’s lips. Cas makes a soft noise of surprise, but quickly returns the kiss. Dean grabs at Cas’s arms and shoulders, kissing him roughly. He sets a breakneck pace, and it isn’t long before Cas can feel Dean’s tongue teasing over his lips. Cas tilts his head back, breaking the kiss.
Dean freezes, staring at him like he just realized that Sam was in the kitchen. Sam takes a good look at him. Dean’s a bit on the dishevelled side, his clothes slightly wrinkled and pulled at odd angles across his body. He
“Every now and then, birds go through a process where they settle down and start making a home for themselves.”
He moves to yank Cas in for another kiss, but the angel grabs his wrists. An enthusiastic expression passes over Dean’s features. Cas groans internally. It’s obvious that Dean would be absolutely
From under the covers, Dean can hear a faint moan. He quickly turns and repeats the same process on Cas’s other hip, giving him a few kisses, then nipping right along his hip bone. One of Cas’s hands slips underneath the covers, blindly fumbling around for Dean. After a moment, he finds the top of Dean’s head, and Cas affectionately runs his fingers through Dean’s hair a couple of times. When Dean is satisfied that Cas is hard enough to let the
does look upset. It’s obvious he understands the weight of what he did, something Sam has to admit he’s a
between the two of them at some point was certainly not a foreign one. Sam just didn’t expect it would happen on
Cas shifts slightly in bed. Dean has rolled onto his back since falling asleep, and is now snoring softly. He mumbles from time to time, but Cas can’t make out what he’s saying.
too close to the top of Dean’s ass, the hunter perks right up. He glances towards his open door and decides that as long as they’re quiet, they
“Oh, right,” Sam nods. “Actually, I think there’s a book you might find helpful. Why don’t I show you?”
He lets his eyelids flutter shut, his lips parting slightly. He has just enough time for a shallow breath, and then Cas’s lips are on his. He feels the angel’s hands grab at his hips, pulling him closer, and Dean moans shamelessly at the touch. He winds his arms around Cas’s neck, tilting his head further to the side to deepen their kiss. Cas moves his jaw deliberately, like he’s trying to draw out their kiss for as long as possible.
Dean’s jaw drops. His eyes start to tear up as he stares at Cas in disbelief. The angel gives him a gentle smile.
Cas nods obediently. Dean tips his head back and sighs at the ceiling, giving both Sam and Cas a good, long look at his neck. Cas’s eyes zero in on all the little marks that have bloomed into bruises overnight, a sudden sense of pride washing through him. Sam buries his face in one of his hands.
He finds it after only a few attempts, and Dean’s whole body goes rigid, his back arching off the bed. Cas hums around his cock appreciatively, savoring Dean’s reaction. He hooks his finger a little bit more and Dean moans. After several teasing strokes of his fingertip, Cas removes his finger, then deftly replaces it with two. He gives Dean a brief moment to adjust, then quickly finds the same sweet-spot he’d located earlier, rubbing at it firmly. Dean whines, bucking his hips reflexively. The outburst earns him a curious glance from Cas, who rubs his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand. Cas then applies a little more pressure with his fingers, and hollows his cheeks. Dean squirms. His hand fists in Cas’s hair, and he uses it to tug Cas’s head back, attempting to pull the angel away from him. Cas looks up at Dean, his brows furrowed.
Before Dean can protest, Cas reaches down and pulls the book from Dean’s hands. Dean doesn’t put up a fight, he simply lets the book slide out of his fingers. Cas holds it up so he can read, the book hovering just over Dean’s head. Dean almost curses out loud. He can’t get up because he’ll knock into Cas’s hands and make everything more awkward than it already is. He can’t exactly scoot backwards because his toes are already jammed against the headboard, leaving him with only an inch or two of wiggle room if he goes for that route. He
When seven o’clock rolls around, Sam and Dean officially start their day. Sam’s already had breakfast and Dean is on his third cup of coffee. They chat for a while in the kitchen and Dean fries some bacon.
when Dean learns something else he didn’t know about Cas. As it turns out, Cas, the sweet, innocent, angel of the Lord who regularly sleeps in a shirt that says “Bee Happy” ever since Sam and Dean got it for him as a Christmas present, and occasionally indulges in PB&J sandwiches when he thinks no one is paying attention—yes,
Not long after, he’s speeding through a hardware store, finding the supplies he needs to hang it in Cas’s room. Completing that in record time, he returns to the bunker. Quietly, so as not to alert Sam or Cas, Dean makes his way to the angel’s room, juggling his purchases carefully. He carries his tool box in one hand, the bag from the hardware store looped around his wrist, while he holds the canvas painting in the other, leaning it against his chest. Dean puts everything on the foot of the bed and sets to work hanging the canvas painting with the skill of someone who knows their way around homes and tools—which he does. He then sneaks his tool box back out into the garage and decides it’s time to make his presence known. Dean re-enters the bunker with enough ruckus to draw attention to his “recent arrival.”
Sam thinks he made himself very clear when he told Dean and Cas not to be late for dinner. Actually, he
“It’s alright, I’ve got it,” Sam says. “Why don’t you go do something in the meantime. I won’t be making dinner till later.”
They both relax further, their limbs growing heavier by the second. Cas nearly thinks he’s ready to go to sleep when Dean breaks the silence once more.
Dean steps forward and grabs one of Sam’s ankles, shaking it. Sam snores a little louder in response.
Cas immediately draws back, looking at Dean with a combination of guilt and confusion. He removes himself from Dean’s lap, his expression quickly becoming embarrassed. A frown plays at his lips and he drops his gaze towards the bed. Dean tries desperately to collect his thoughts.
“Dean, it’s okay. It’s not like either of us have exactly dealt with this before,” Sam assures him. “Besides, I’ve actually had the time to come up with a theory about Cas.”
A pang of guilt rips through Dean’s chest. The feeling only gets worse when he can hear himself lying to Cas a moment later.
Cas looks like he wants to say something, but decides against it. Instead, he merely nods his head. Dean leads Cas into the room, pausing to close the door. He then stands directly in front of Cas.
And about how much he loves him, and how much he needs him, and how he can’t wait to spend every day for the rest of eternity at Dean’s side, no matter what form they’re in...
“Hey, I have an idea,” he says, getting Sam and Cas’s attention. “Why don’t we take Cas shopping and let him pick out what he wants?”
age was somewhere in between his physical years and his physical appearance. So, as strange as it may have looked to an outsider, this behavior was actually spot-on for him. Not to mention, it wasn’t the first time that Jack had turned up at Dean’s door, complaining about nightmares. Usually when it happened, Dean encouraged him to go find Cas since the angel was always awake, but here recently, he’d started letting Jack crawl into bed with him, and allowed the nephilim to cuddle up against his side until he fell asleep.
The door clicks open, and Sam quickly steps into Dean’s room, grabbing the phone from under his chin and trailing its flashlight over at Dean’s bed. He’s met with the sight of a
stir-fry. He glances over at the food sitting on the counter and quickly decides to help himself to seconds. He makes himself another plate and takes a seat, glancing at the clock.
The bar itself is the same, but everything around them has changed. All the people are gone, including the bartender, and the lights have been dimmed. Around the perimeter of the room, and along the side of the bar top, strands of yellowish-white lights have been hung, their gentle glow lighting the room. There’s now a single, large pool table in the back, with a table and two chairs placed conveniently next to it. The pool table is set with two pool cues, the balls already racked and waiting for them. It all looks brand new, like they’re going to be the first ones to use it. The small table off to the side is set with a pitcher of beer, two glasses, and a small bowl of peanuts. Cas turns his attention to Dean, a smile tugging at his lips.
I thought it would be nice to write a little bit of Sam's perspective for this chapter, kinda change things up a bit. The next chapter will be up here soon, so until then! :)
A while later, Dean flops onto his back, stretching out as Cas settles against his side. Cas has a lazy smile on his face as he traces little, invisible patterns on Dean’s chest with his fingertips, his eyes closed blissfully.
“Well, that could have gone worse,” Sam says, finally breaking the silence that had been hanging over them.
Dean peels himself away from Cas and has a seat on the bed. He scoots himself over to the far side and lays down, pulling a pillow under his head. He then stretches out his arms towards the angel, encouraging Cas to come lay down with him. Cas has a seat on the edge of the bed and Dean quickly wraps his arms around him, gently pulling him down onto the mattress so that they’re both facing the same way. Dean wraps an arm around Cas’s middle, his hand coming up to rest against Cas’s chest. Dean buries his face in Cas’s hair, sliding his arm that isn’t draped over Cas’s side beneath the angel’s head, cradling him. Cas rests easily in Dean’s arms, and they lay in silence for several minutes, just taking in the way it feels to be so close together.
So, if you're not new, you may have noticed that there are now 11 chapters to this work! Why, you ask? Well, it's a simple matter of I CAN'T COUNT. I planned out all the chapters and then I apparently missed one. Guess I didn't watch enough Sesame Street growing up...Oh well.
ever going to happen again is anybody’s guess. They’re really just a problem when put together. And frankly, it’s a problem that Sam
The angel smiles sleepily at him before settling in and closing his eyes. Dean forces himself to pay attention to the task at hand, scanning the books on Cas’s desk. Unfortunately, Dean finds himself getting distracted rather easily. The first time it happens, it’s because Cas rolls onto his side, now facing Dean. The movement pulls Dean’s attention away from the stack of manila files he’s been collecting, and he glances over his shoulder at the angel. Cas’s expression is calm, and his features are almost childlike in sleep. The sight tugs at Dean, and for a brief moment, he contemplates the idea of reaching out and touching Cas.
“No,” Dean assures him. “Sam has no idea about what I did...but I used his notes to help with the translations.”
Cas considers this for a moment. Normally, he only watches television when he’s bored, or if Dean’s with him. Out of the three of them, Dean probably watches the most television. In fact, Cas is surprised that Dean
To emphasize his point, Dean reaches over and wraps his arms around Cas’s neck, pulling him in for a hug.
and Dean’s only managed to do it a few times, under very specific circumstances. Thankfully, he quickly discovers that there’s a way to
it was gonna happen at some point or another, but that doesn’t take away the shock that surges through you when it
With that, the older Winchester turns and heads for the door, followed closely by Sam. He just makes it into the den area that has—unofficially, and by himself—been dubbed “The Dean Cave,” when Sam puts a hand on his shoulder, leading him off to the side.
One morning, after months of Dean and Sam trying in vain to convince Cas that he should have a room at the bunker to call his own, instead of just spending his spare time wandering around the library or the war room, the angel finally caves. Surprisingly, he does it without a fight. As a matter of fact, he does it entirely unprompted.
The next chapter should be up within a couple of days, so if you're enjoying the story so far, stick around! Things are about to get interesting...
The angel turns his head in the direction of the voice, and immediately locks eyes with Dean. He’s standing at the end of the bar, a beer bottle poised just a few inches away from his lips. Cas isn’t entirely sure who Dean’s talking to, so he glances over his shoulder to be sure. Dean chuckles softly.
“So...what do you do? Do you work at an office? I see you’re wearing a suit,” the shorter, blonde woman says.
Dean watches as Cas slides down his body, trailing kisses along his ribs and stomach. Cas pauses for a moment, sighing reverently against Dean’s skin.
Cas smiles and sighs deeply, his fingers mindlessly tracing little patterns in the skin on Dean’s side and shoulder. He rests their foreheads together.
hear you talk about how you plan on debauching my brother in front of my food again...I will slit my palm with a butter knife, draw a banishing sigil, and send your ass back to Heaven without a second thought. Understand?”
The next time Dean makes a movie reference Cas doesn’t understand, the angel asks if Dean can show him the movie. Dean seems a little surprised, but he certainly doesn’t turn down the request. In the end, all Cas learns is that “The Breakfast Club,” has absolutely nothing to do with food, and that he still doesn’t know what he’s doing wrong.
time. He leans against the headboard, a pillow tucked behind his back, while Dean slouches, half-sitting, half-laying in the bed beside him. Being so close together, Cas is aware of Dean’s warmth seeping into the bedding around him. At the first joke, he can
“I didn’t mean it like that, Cas,” Dean says after a moment. “But I...I understand now, okay? I’m so sorry, Cas, I never meant to hurt you.”
“Dean...I meant what I said earlier, I’m not angry with you. You’re human. Frankly, you’re a human with a very high sex drive.”
The angel is sitting in bed, his back leaned against the headboard. He’s translating a passage from an old book into Enochian for Sam, and Dean has just given up on trying to read...
Instead, Cas took it upon himself to describe—in no shortage of detail—all the things he wanted to do to Dean’s body. Much to Dean’s blushing horror, the
pleased noise in response. Cas savors the sound, along with the taste of Dean’s tongue, and the feel of his lips, and the way Dean arches forward into him. He swirls his tongue along the inside of Dean’s mouth, taking in as much of him as possible. He strokes a hand along Dean’s spine, delighting in how the simple touch causes Dean to press their bodies even closer together. Cas isn’t sure how long they spend like that, exchanging kiss after kiss, but when they eventually have to pull away for air, it feels like it wasn’t
...because my body won’t work the same, or look the same—it already doesn’t. I have little wrinkles and I’m starting to get grey hair, and my joints ache sometimes and...and one day you’re gonna wake up next to some old man who doesn’t even
Now that they live together, Cas is the one Dean vents to, the one he begs and pleads and finally convinces to watch old Westerns with him, and the one Dean playfully pelts with popcorn while watching said old Westerns—but
Dean makes his way to the kitchen to start cooking. He’s decided that they will be having meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner, an American classic. When Sam stops by to get some water from the fridge, he insists Dean chop up a few vegetables to mix into the meatloaf. While Dean isn’t happy about it, he agrees, if only to get Sam out of his hair while he cooks. He’s in the middle of dicing an onion when Cas pokes his head into the kitchen.
It wasn’t easy to get Cas to start sleeping. But now that he’s developed a taste for it, it’s become quite the challenge to get Cas out of bed in the mornings.
the same age as he behaved, but Dean manages to do it. He’s had to carry a full-grown Sam once or twice in his life, so he can manage carrying Jack. Luckily, the nephilim doesn’t squirm in his arms, he simply leans against Dean’s chest and lets out a heavy sigh. Dean sets Jack down on his bed and goes through the motions of figuring out what scared him this time. After checking under the bed and inside the closet for demons, Dean finds an old camping lantern in the supply closet down the hall and sets it up in the corner of Jack’s room. He promises that they’ll get Jack a proper nightlight first thing in the morning, and ruffles his hair before returning back to his own room. When Dean enters his room, Cas is still sitting up in bed.
Dean whips around to see Cas standing there, wearing a pair of pajama pants and an old t-shirt that Dean knows for certain are
Dean buries his face in both of his hands. Cas’s hand continues to run through his hair, stroking the top of his head affectionately.
He’s been getting more fluent in Enochian, and while he’s still very bad at speaking it—laughably so in Cas’s opinion—Sam has gotten quite skilled at translating the holy language in written form.
fun begin, he shifts once more, settling fully between Cas’s legs. Guiding himself by feel, Dean wastes little time in taking Cas’s cock into his mouth. He greedily swallows down as much of the angel as he can in one motion, setting a steady pace as he starts to bob his head. He presses his tongue flat against the underside of Cas’s length as he does so, then switches his focus to the head of Cas’s cock, teasing him with little licks of his tongue.
“You have enough to eat?” he asks, quickly changing the subject before Jack can ask any more questions.
“Maybe you could talk to Jody,” Sam suggests. “I mean, she’s got experience with kids, so she probably knows what that’s like, right?”
I'm posting this chapter way too late at night to go get any, but now I really want donuts and coffee...
The two of them stand in awkward silence for a moment. Cas toys with the straps of his duffel bag and Sam stares longingly at the pot of coffee on the counter. Finally, Sam clears his throat and claps Cas on the shoulder.
Cas slowly looks up at Dean, his blue eyes shimmering in the dim light. Dean licks his lips nervously.
Dean furrows his brow. By way of explanation, Cas reaches for one of Dean’s hands. He turns it palm-up, then slides his hand beneath Dean’s, his fingers pressing into the back of Dean’s hand. Suddenly, there’s a cool, wet feeling on Dean’s palm.
This explanation seems to put Dean at ease, if only slightly. Cas walks to the fridge and opens it. He pulls out a bottle of beer, then stops. He glances over his shoulder at Dean, who is still hard at work making dinner. Suddenly, he has an idea. Cas grabs a second beer bottle and opens it, then cautiously walks up to Dean. Dean glances at him out of the corner of his eye.
He’d had a bad feeling since he returned from running errands and found every single one of the bunker’s texts on Enochian—along with his personal collection of notes on the holy language—
“I’m, uh...I’m gonna go finish dinner...It should be ready in about an hour and half if you wanna eat,” he says quietly.
Sam thinks. He tucks his phone under his chin and reaches into his back pocket, pulling out his wallet.
His head is stuck in the exact position Cas adjusted it to. Before Dean can say anything, Cas presses his lips to Dean’s neck once more, this time sucking lightly at the sensitive skin there. Dean goes to move his head, but nothing happens. He suddenly understands.
Cas gives him a coy smile and Sam shakes his head. He taps the front of his own neck to clue Dean in, and
“I love it, Dean,” Cas tells him, turning and propping himself up on an elbow so he can look at the hunter.
His hands trail away from Dean’s hips, sliding down to grab at either side of Dean’s ass, forcing their hips even more firmly together. Dean whines, and the noise sends Cas into
“Now, I know we never talked about it...but I wanted to get you a gift for your room,” Dean informs him.
The angel reaches a hand up and gently presses two fingers to the side of Dean’s jaw. Dean can suddenly relax his head down, and he’s finally able to meet Cas’s eyes. He watches, transfixed, as Cas holds his gaze while sliding down Dean’s chest in the same direction his hand went just a few moments earlier. His jaw falls open as he watches Cas lick at him, slowly dragging his tongue over Dean’s right nipple. He lets out a long moan, grabbing at Cas’s hair. Cas starts to suck at the sensitive bud, laving his tongue over it. Dean bucks his hips up at Cas, delighting in the result. It’s no secret that Cas’s efforts have had quite the
. And for these reasons, the first few days Dean spends alone with Jack and Cas inside the bunker isn’t bad.
Cas shifts his weight in front of Dean, and the hunter has to bury his face in his hands. He peeks through his fingers at Cas, struggling to keep quiet.
Dean leans their foreheads together. Cas pulls him in for a proper hug once more. After a long moment, their lips meet in a gentle kiss. Cas leans them back so they’re half laying on the bed.
Cas has cleaned enough of the flour off his face so that Dean can now clearly see the pitiful look Cas gives him. Dean sighs at him fondly, then crosses over to the shower. He turns on the water and motions for Cas to come closer. Carefully, he strips the angel out of his shirt, leaving it turned inside-out so that the flour on it doesn’t get all over the floor. He then instructs Cas to finish undressing while he checks the temperature of the water. A moment later, he’s herding Cas into the open shower and reaching for the shower head. It’s moments like these that Dean’s grateful he installed detachable shower heads in the bunker. This way, he can hose Cas down without getting himself soaking wet.
the sleep at all, but during his time spent as a human, he decided he liked sleeping, and has since made it a regular part of his routine.
The angel hums appreciatively as Dean kisses him back, his arms winding around Cas’s neck. They stand in the middle of Dean’s room, making-out for several moments, until Dean remembers that they both have packing to do, and a case they need to work. He runs a hand through Cas’s hair affectionately.
The words hit Dean light a freight train. A hot blush covers his face, from his cheeks all the way to the tips of his ears.
languages, that do not exist in Enochian. To convey the meaning of these non-existent words, Cas had to
“Is he worse than the one in that movie you said I wasn’t supposed to talk about?” Cas asks quietly.
too much on the back-up generator to bail them out whenever the bunker's shoddy, old wiring failed, and now it had come back to bite them in the butt. And
The angel’s tone is surprisingly gentle, considering that Dean can still feel Cas’s raging hard-on pressed against the top of his thigh. Even so, Cas’s voice seems to suddenly get Jack’s attention, and his look of curiosity gives way to something more timid.
particular conclusion sparks a domino effect that stretches out over the next several weeks. It starts small, with the addition of a nightstand, placed on the left-hand side of Cas’s bed. That’s where Dean normally sits when they watch movies together, and Cas has discovered that if Dean has a place to keep a drink and/or food, he’ll stay for longer. The next addition is a bookshelf. It’s not very big, just large enough to hold some books the angel likes to read, and of course, an increasing number of Dean’s dvds. Cas has learned that if Dean can easily access his favorite titles, he’s likely to watch more than one at a time.
When Sam leaves to run errands, Dean sets to work rounding up all of the texts he can find on Enochian. Some are books that have been in the bunker since its creation, others are handwritten documents that Sam has put together while working on teaching himself the holy language. Confident that he has everything he needs, Dean decides to head back to his room, carrying a large stack of books, notepads, and manila files. He closes the door behind him, and sets everything down on the floor in his room. He doesn’t have a desk, so he’ll be using the floor and his bed to lay out all of the materials he’ll be working with. Luckily, Cas didn’t spot him in the library, so the angel is none the wiser about what Dean is up to. Dean skims through some of Sam’s notes that have general information about translating Enochian into English, then retrieves Cas’s journal from its hiding place.
“When I had you take back the books I pulled from the library, I had a personal book on my desk. I think I may have put it with all the research I was working on, because now I can’t find it.”
In case it isn't obvious, we have a very exciting chapter coming up next, so if you like what you've read so far, stick around!
By way of response, Sam grabs one of his purchases from last night and strides back over to Cas. He holds it out to the angel. Cas stares at him for a moment.
at the nickname, thoroughly enjoying Dean’s attention. He stretches his neck up so he can reach Dean’s lips, and Dean kisses him, setting an easy pace. Dean cups his face with one of his hands, his thumb stroking Cas’s cheek. They stay like that for a long moment, with Dean slowly kissing Cas awake, until the press and slide of the angel’s lips becomes more insistent, more
and reaches for Cas, urging him to come closer. Cas quickly sets the water and aspirin down on the nightstand, then slides onto the bed, stretching out next to Dean. He slides himself under the covers, then wraps an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling the hunter against his side. He kisses Dean’s cheek, then places the ice pack against the left side of Dean’s neck. Dean shivers a little at that, pressing himself into Cas. Cas looks at him, eyeing the love-marks on Dean’s neck. He shifts so he can hold the ice pack with one hand, while gently rubbing Dean’s back with his other hand.
The hunter gives him a strange look, like this wasn’t the answer he’d been anticipating. He takes a sip of his beer, frowning slightly to himself. Then, his expression returns to its previous, relaxed state, and he gives Cas a rather
“Don’t worry, they’ll show more episodes tomorrow night. Or, you can stay up and keep watching without me.”
So, they decide to just cuddle up on the couch for a while. They kiss a little bit, and Dean learns that he
The realization alone draws a moan from Dean’s lips. His hands find their way to Cas’s shoulders as the angel continues his onslaught of kisses on Dean’s neck.
The whole room descends into chaos as all three of them try to yell over each other. Dean snarls at Sam for barging into his room, Sam screams at Dean for not putting a sock on his doorknob, and Cas alternates between defending Dean and apologizing profusely. Upon realizing that Dean and Cas are making
Dean rolls them over so that Cas is sprawled out on top of him, and Cas lets out a pleased moan. He lets Cas coax his jaw open a little wider, and soon they’re sharing slow, open-mouthed kisses, their hands gently roving over each other’s bodies. When they pull away for air, Cas looks down at Dean, his blue eyes bright and shining.
Cas’s collection of Dean’s belongings quickly starts to grow, and it isn't too long before he has a drawer full of the hunter’s things. There’s also the occasional empty glass that Dean leaves on the nightstand, or spare change from one of his pockets. A pair of Dean’s shoes now seem to permanently occupy a spot on the floor next to the foot of Cas’s bed. A couple of times, Dean even leaves his wallet, or the keys to the Impala on the dresser. Pretty soon, it begins to look like the two of them
the type of man Dean seems to be interested in—judging by the usual subjects of Dean’s advances—and yet, Cas never gets to be on the receiving end of Dean’s attention. He fits the hunter’s profile
“Yeah well, maybe the next time you get a crush on someone, Dean, just try talking to them,” Sam says in a snarky tone.
Cas’s height and the height of Dean’s bed put him at about eye-level with Cas’s stomach when he’s laying like this.
“Dean,” he pants, “I want you to know...whatever comments I made earlier about you being a present for me...I didn’t mean to imply—”
Cas is about to say something when Dean cuts him off by pushing his shirt up to his chest, exposing the entirety of his stomach.
When he gets to the bunker, Dean decides to spruce things up a little bit. And why not? He’s had one recent “upgrade” to his appearance, so why stop there?
like for Dean to know what going on. And quite frankly, if he doesn’t tell Dean now, there’s a good chance he won’t get the words out. While Cas knows that Dean has been rather...
“You should, um...you should probably get dressed,” Cas says in a low voice. “Sam’s expecting us to…”
. That is, until he realizes this means there’s a good chance Dean is going to want to talk about it.
It all feels so good that Dean doesn’t ever want it to end, but he can feel the pressure in the pit of his stomach building rapidly. He grabs Cas tightly with his other hand, his fingers digging into the angel’s side. Cas sucks a bruise at the base of his neck, and the sensation pushes Dean over the edge. He tries to babble out a warning to Cas, to let him know that he’s close, but Dean’s lips don’t seem to be able to form the words. He comes only a moment later, his moans reaching a new volume altogether as he spills into Cas’s hand, his back arching off the mattress. Cas gives him a few gentle strokes, slowing his thrusts. For a while, all Dean can do is lay there, his eyes closed and his heart still racing. He feels Cas go still, the hand in his hair relaxing its grip and sliding down to cup his face.
A moment later, Dean concludes he’s “been gone” long enough. He enters the kitchen once more, holding his hands up.
They’re silent for a beat, then Dean chuckles lightly against Cas’s shoulder. Cas smiles to himself, and the tension in the room starts to ease. Slowly, Dean lifts his head so he can meet Cas’s gaze. The angel’s blue eyes are soft and full of affection.
He’s about to remind Dean that they already know each other’s names, and ask him why he’s behaving so strangely when Dean cuts him off.
Dean smiles up at him, and the next thing he knows Cas is leaning in for a kiss. He loops an arm around the angel as Cas hovers over him, pressing their lips together. As the soft kiss slowly turns into something more heated, Dean finds himself pulling Cas onto his chest, his legs moving to either side of the angel’s hips. Instinctively, he wraps his legs around Cas, causing the angel to moan into his mouth. The sound makes Dean want
Dean turns to look at him head-on, and that’s when he sees it. His behavior might be different, the way he sleeps at night, and wears pajamas, and nibbles at food, and watches television in the evenings. Even his expressions might be different, more open, more pure and unfiltered. Cas laughs more often and smiles whenever he’s happy. He gets angry from time to time, and isn’t afraid to scowl or furrow his brow. On rare occasions, Dean has seen Cas tear up when the angel gets sad or overwhelmed. So much about the angel sitting next to him has changed, and yet...
unusual sound coming from the angel, and it only makes Dean’s guilt grow. He stares down at his shoes.
As promised, here's some aftercare! (There's a little bit of bunker-blowout aftermath first, but it's mostly aftercare...)
Sam scoffs and rolls his eyes, then turns his attention to all the books Dean brought him. As far as Sam’s concerned, Dean does exactly what he says he’s going to do. What Dean
Dean’s eyes go wide at the suggestion. In an instant, the fear and disappointment of having to leave Cas in the morning begins to lessen.
Cas’s lips find Dean’s in the dark, and he silences the hunter with a long, lazy kiss. Content with this, Dean adjusts his pillow and closes his eyes.
The first thing Dean notices seems so little, so inconsequential, that he nearly doesn’t spot it in the first place. It creeps up on him slowly, like it doesn’t want to be seen. Dean’s so busy working on the Impala, it almost escapes his attention altogether.
“I’m allowed to perform minor miraculous acts to prove that I am, in fact, an angel of the Lord,” Cas replies.
The angel then walks over and slides onto the bed. He lays down as if he were going to take a nap, pulling a pillow under his head. He then pats the bed beside him, encouraging Dean to do the same. Dean slips off his shoes and socks, then scoots himself fully onto the bed, stretching out on his back. Cas adjusts the other pillow so Dean can use it and they both lay there for a while, admiring the newest addition to Cas’s room.
The angel presses a kiss to his cheek and slowly peels himself away from Dean, slipping out of the hunter’s room. Dean sighs and glances around his room.
The microwave dings, signaling that the popcorn is ready. Cas walks over to the microwave and removes it, then opens the bag and dumps the popcorn into the bowl he grabbed. He picks up the bowl and makes his way over to Dean.
Cas nods his understanding. He presses a kiss to Dean’s lips, then glances at the alarm clock on Dean’s nightstand. He frowns.
Dean starts strolling along the aisle, searching avidly for something he thinks Cas might be interested in.
He ignores it, finishing his inspection of the tires and turning his attention to the Impala’s engine. He lifts the hood and checks the oil.
Cas simply stares at him, baffled. Dean steps over towards his dresser and opens one of the drawers. He pulls on a grey, long-sleeved shirt, and turns back to Cas. The angel blinks.
Dean opens his mouth to speak, but thinks better of it. He gulps down his second drink and goes for a third when Sam stops him, gently grabbing Dean’s wrist.
“What do you want me to do about it, Sam?” he snaps. “I don’t exactly know what’s going on any more than you do...What am I supposed to do, just tell Cas to
the two of you do while you’re gone,” Sam assures them, “but you do need to handle the case. Understand?”
—and he is, at least in these matters, as recent evidence would suggest—Dean would end up having a very
Suddenly, Dean can hear footsteps approaching his room. He looks up in time to see Cas enter, carrying a few things in his hands. He has a glass of water, a bottle of aspirin, and an ice pack. Dean immediately forgets all about the snafu with Sam, staring at the angel in front of him fondly.
With that, Dean shifts slightly, rolling half-onto Cas and sliding a knee between the angel’s legs. He presses a kiss to the side of Cas’s neck. Then another. Cas hums softly, more like he’s trying to figure out what Dean’s doing than anything else. Dean quickly finds the sweet spot along the front of Cas’s throat and slides his hand under Cas’s shirt. It’s moments like this when Dean’s glad he’s convinced the angel of the importance of wearing comfortable clothes around the bunker. It’s
Thankfully, Dean had lived, and he quickly picked up several tactics to help speed things along when he needed to.
if that doesn’t startle Dean the first time he reads it. That isn’t nearly as bad, however, as when he learns that there is no Enochian word for
Dean prays to whoever is listening—Cas has started indulging in human behavior much more frequently. He eats food on occasion, especially if Dean does the cooking. He drinks coffee in the mornings, and even has a few television series he likes to follow. Cas also takes naps when the mood strikes him, and he cuddles up with Dean each night, even if he doesn’t really
in the way Cas gets so absorbed in doing something human like making brownies. Dean leans into him, smiling.
Dean realizes. He tips his head back a little bit, sighing softly as Cas continues to work at his neck and shoulders. The combination of the hot water and the angel’s hands banish all the tension from Dean’s body. Cas slowly massages the muscles of his back, starting at the tops of Dean’s shoulders, and ending at his tailbone. Cas peppers his neck and shoulders with kisses, occasionally leaning forward to murmur words of affection in Dean’s ear. He tells Dean how
good, when Cas makes the bold move of nipping at Dean’s  bottom lip, and Dean responds with the even
good idea of what it might look like if he were to give Cas a blow job. He makes a small noise at that.
Cas smiling against his skin as he presses a cluster of kisses to Dean’s chest. Slowly, the angel trails a hand down his chest, one of his fingers pausing to toy with Dean’s nipple. Dean makes a strangled noise.
“I still ruined something as easy as brownies...I didn’t even get all the ingredients together this time!”
Dean sighs, then quickly reminds himself not to be impatient with Jack. Though he looks like a teenager, Jack has only been alive for a couple years, which meant his
that Cas is being delicate with him. Dean knows he’s going to regret it in the morning, but right now, he doesn’t want
Cas hastily describes the book that Dean already knows to be the angel’s personal journal. He mentally kicks himself.
So naturally, that means it’s about to get ruined, namely by Dean and Cas. Dean stumbles into the kitchen first. And really,
When Cas is satisfied that Dean is stretched out enough, he slowly removes his fingers. Dean groans at the sudden empty feeling, but is quickly distracted by the sight of Cas moving over him once more. Dean has
Dean tilts his head back down and looks at Sam and Cas. He must notice the exasperated expression on his brother’s face, and the open look of desire on Cas’s, because he furrows his brow at both of them.
The two of them stand here in tense silence, waiting for some sign that they’ve been found out. When nothing happens, Dean sighs.
Cas moves to step back, but Dean quickly wraps his other arm around Cas’s middle, pulling him close. Cas’s eyes are dark and stormy, only a sliver of blue left in them. Dean swears he can feel the air pressure in the room changing, like Cas is about to start a thunderstorm in the middle of the bunker. The angel should be downright
Dean’s heart skips a beat as Cas stares directly into his eyes. His whole body feels jittery with anxious excitement. He pulls them a little closer together, stroking Cas’s cheek with his thumb. Dean can feel himself breathing more rapidly, his heart starting to pound in his chest. He licks his lips. Cas’s eyes suddenly dart over Dean’s features, his expression softening
Dean trails his hands over Cas’s shoulders, pressing several kisses to his chest. Cas affectionately strokes a hand through his hair.
Cas smiles at him, and Dean suddenly notices that he has a duffel bag. The gears in his head begin to turn.
He steps forward and ruffles Jack’s hair, then turns and heads for the kitchen. Jack’s focus returns to the movie, and Dean is left standing awkwardly beside the couch, not sure what to do with himself. After a moment, when he’s satisfied that Jack won’t notice him leaving, Dean goes to the kitchen. Cas is in the middle of looking for a bowl for the microwave popcorn currently popping. When he finds one, he sets it down on the counter, then turns to look at Dean. They hold each other’s gaze for a long moment. Dean sighs.
Sam pulls one out and random and slips it into the door jamb by the knob. He jiggles it slightly, and rattles the doorknob with his other hand. Dean must realize what Sam’s doing, because in the next moment, Dean is shouting at him.
against his lips. Cas bestows several kisses upon Dean’s cheeks and chin and lips while Dean’s hands rove over his body once more, touching, grabbing, pulling him closer. Cas hums appreciatively when Dean finds a spot just below his ribs that’s particularly sensitive, then pulls back to look at him again. He trails his fingertips over Dean’s chest and ribs. Then, Cas slides his hand up to rest on Dean’s shoulder, gripping the spot where Dean once bore the mark of his handprint after Cas pulled him out of Hell. The intimate gesture drives Dean wild. He throws his head back against the pillow and Cas seizes the opportunity to lavish attention on his neck. He plants kiss after kiss to the side of Dean’s neck, leading towards his jaw. Just when Dean thinks he can relax into the feeling of it, the angel surprises him by nibbling at the lobe of his ear, a hand sliding down to the waistband of Dean’s pants.
Dean glances up, checking to see that this is okay. Cas nods at him again and Dean slowly slides Cas’s sweatpants down off his hips. He leaves Cas’s boxers alone for now, his hands just brushing against the fabric of them as he tugs Cas’s sweatpants down to his knees. The angel takes a half-step back and steps out of them. He then crowds between Dean’s legs once more and grabs at the fabric of Dean’s t-shirt. Dean moans, signaling to Cas that he can undress him. He then removes his arms from Cas so that the angel can slide him out of his t-shirt. Cas tugs it off over his head, then drops it onto the floor. He grabs Dean’s shoulders firmly as he stares at his bare torso for a moment. His hands then slide down Dean’s chest and stomach. Dean shivers slightly and Cas bites his lip at the sight. When he looks Dean in the eyes again, Cas’s gaze is dark, like the sky when a thunderstorm is brewing. His jaw is set, his cheeks flushed a light pink.
The simple statement makes Cas’s chest swell. The angel twists in Dean’s arms so he can face him, staring into his eyes as Dean holds him tight. After several long moments, eyelids slam shut and lips meet in a passionate kiss. Sadly, they’re only together like that for a short while as all of a sudden, there’s a knock at the door. Sam pokes his head in, speaking quickly and urgently as soon as he cracks Dean’s door open.
excited because he’s finally gotten Jack to start calling it that, much to Cas’s obvious dismay. They put on cartoons, usually Scooby Doo, or a Disney movie, and each of them take their usual spots in the room. Jack grabs a pillow from his bedroom and hugs it against his chest as he sits on the floor in front of the television. Dean and Cas take the couch behind him, with Cas sitting properly off to one side of the couch, and Dean draping himself over the angel. Dean will either lean their shoulders together, or lay with his head in Cas’s lap, letting the angel mindlessly play with his hair while they all watch television together for a couple hours. On one occasion, Dean makes popcorn for all of them, and that somehow leads to Dean and Jack pelting each other with it until Cas scolds them for making a mess.
“What, so you haven’t noticed the mugs of coffee every morning and the chores magically doing themselves for the last few weeks?” Sam’s voice begins to rise in irritation. “How about all the little gifts that keep popping up on your bed?”
