Rosie steadied the bag and leaned against his middle, arms around him as much as she could manage while weighed down on one side.
John flipped pages. Mycroft at various small sizes, with two fingers in his mouth more often than not. Soon appeared another infant, wearing hats and rolled in layers of blankets—born in autumn.
“I thought it made sense. You weren’t getting around so well. Or.” John’s hands were balled tight and he sunk them into the pockets of his coat, gestured something like a surrender with them, widening the opening. “I was telling myself that, as an excuse. Either way, it was the wrong thing to do, and I’m sorry for it.”
The flat was still a stunning showpiece, dressed to the nines in holiday finery and lit with festive fairy lights and the mantel full of battery-powered, flickering candles. On the table John had once thought hopelessly cluttered, beside trays of meticulous, bite-size wonders--lamb curry on rounds of naan bread, smoked salmon salad finger sandwiches, and tiny mince tarts, to name a few--there stood a huge crystal punch bowl with cups hanging off its edge. The hand-lettered card in front on the table identified it as “Spiced Whisky Punch”; there were blocks of ice afloat, with apple slices and cinnamon sticks frozen inside.
“Best not drink any more of this,” Sherlock mused, spinning the cap onto her mostly-full bottle of orange soda. He stood, swinging her rucksack onto his own shoulder. Rosie was already obviously in much better humour, having got some good-quality calories into her. She reached for Sherlock’s hand, and while she double-timed, Sherlock cut his normal pace in half to match her, and they made it to Baker Street in sufficient time to meet her needs.
Sherlock reached between them to fold the laptop and set it aside. He clicked off the lamp and reached for John, nudging and wriggling his way into an embrace, head on John’s chest, curled tight beside him cradling John’s shoulder beneath one hand. He dug in, nosing close.
“Thanks, yeah. Thanks.” George had nearly reached the door to his bedroom when Sherlock spoke once more.
Sherlock rolled onto his side and curled himself around a couple of pillows, the dampness smeared across his low belly growing uncomfortably cool by the time John offered him a damp towel from the bath, leaning heavily on Sherlock’s hip as he bent to kiss his temple, then moved away once more, to finish undressing. Sherlock scrubbed himself and John got rid of the towel, then lowered himself onto the bed and reached for Sherlock’s shirt buttons, gently coaxing them through their slots, one by one, wordlessly. Sherlock let himself be undressed, closing his eyes and drifting in the post-orgasmic haze that wanted him to sleep, cooperating by moving his arms and lifting his chest when needed. Eventually John must have finished, because he kissed the crown of Sherlock’s head, and rested a hand on the back of Sherlock’s shoulder. What shape they made, Sherlock could barely begin to guess, but the breeze was perfectly cool, and the bedclothes and John’s body were deliciously warm, and Sherlock felt used up and contented as he drifted into sweet, dark, nothing.
John flicked his gaze up above Sherlock’s head. He was stood in the doorway between the two rooms, and there was a sprig of ribbon-tied mistletoe pinned to the center of its frame. “Look at that,” John said, and reached for Sherlock’s hand, and stepped at last as close as he’d longed to.
“Why, the whole house is mine. Do you think your father asserted a single opinion about the wallpaper or the furnishings? What a silly question.” She dismissed Sherlock, inserted herself between them, and turned decisively toward John. “Here, dear. Start with the babies.” She pointed. “That’s Mycroft, aged two. He was very late to walk.”
“What’s the feeling there, Holmes?” Raynham asked, skating across to him as Sherlock lifted his mask. “Are you seeing them?”
“I know the ones,” he assured her, “but maybe it was Emma’s mum who took you in there once after school?”
John made a disgusted noise. “Yeah. No. I’m sure it will feel weird when you go to camp and I don’t. But it was the right time for me to quit.” He sounded as if he were convincing himself. “I promised myself. And Kim.”
With nowhere else to be but there, in their own bed, in their own flat, knees touching and hands on each other’s naked torsos, Sherlock relished the luxury of being at home, in bed with his man. He hummed—sleepy—sated—and John rested a hand against the side of his throat, stroking his thumb over the bump of Sherlock’s adam’s apple.
, nothing. Sherlock reminded himself it was just business, and since LoPresti was hot, it was only to the team’s benefit to let him get in a couple starts, earn his pay, see how he did under pressure against a couple of the league’s best teams—the Brawlers’ schedule was loaded with them in the next several games—but Sherlock couldn’t help but check whether the text was to him, or to the team at large (the former), and to wonder if he should register a protest or just keep his mouth shut (the latter, though it would be difficult).
Avenue. So think it over. You have my number. I can come to you now and then; I travel a lot anyway.”
“Of course.” Sherlock’s fingertips in his pocket found the matchbook, moved it into position to withdraw both in one go. “I’ve got a case on, anyway.”
“No one can tell a temperature by eye,” John told him, and Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but John cut him off. “Not even a genius. Maybe go downstairs; Mrs Hudson probably has one.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock shrugged back at him. “Anyway, why bring it up if you’re so fiercely opposed? Now it’s in the air.” He fanned his hand frantically in front of him. “Can’t ignore it.”
John turned to him. “You can go, if you want. Like I said, they’ll put a bag or two of fluids in her and send us on our way, but it could be after midnight by then.”
“Not at all; it’s an apt metaphor. Sounds like Rosie’s just working through some thoughts about Mary.”
“Got the suite until Tuesday,” Steven said, and Sherlock could hear the undergirding ostentatious display beneath the words. “Stay a while and we’ll go again.”
Sherlock gladly accepted a couple dozen bumps on his helmet in recognition of his shutout, showered, dressed, and filed onto the bus. His teammates were jovial and loud, trading praise and insults in roughly equal quantity as usual. Sherlock held his phone low, scrolling and tapping. It interrupted him with a quick double-buzz and a text appeared.
“You do always give her too much. Then there’s not enough for me.” John was joking when once he would have been scolding. Good mood—why? Sherlock checked for indications of John recently having had sex, or even a date, found none, deduced no further. Eyes red at the edges and puffy; vertical creases between his eyebrows unusually prominent. Poor sleep. Nightmares.
“Let me try,” Sherlock intoned, low and lower in his velvety voice that never failed to bring a tingle to the back of John’s neck. “It’s an order.”
“This came for you,” John said. “The guy thought you heard him calling you as you came in but I guess somehow you missed it.” He held the box out in front of him, and when Sherlock–standing by his kitchen worktop turning over papers in a file folder–did not move to accept it, thumped it down rather soundly on the kitchen table.
John panted and hummed against him, laving a wide tongue over his hole to wet it, then licking the wet back into his mouth. Sherlock cursed and his hand against the wall slipped; he was sweating; his muscles were trembling. John drew away, one hand on Sherlock’s hip, and glancing over his shoulder Sherlock watched John shove two blunt fingers deep into his mouth, roll his tongue around them, and slip them out again. The next moment, they were pressing against him, trying to open him.
Sherlock nodded and said, “Yeah, Coach,” then immediately tuned him out again. Once Lestrade left them, Sullivan launched into one of his psych-up talks.
John’s hair was disarranged to an alarming degree, for the wind was howling a warning that fair autumn was crashing into frantic winter, with no more hope of reprieve. Sherlock’s hands, clasped behind his back, itched to reach for him and smooth him back into place.
“I am, of course,” he said, and even slouched his posture down a bit to indicate how very unthreatening his sexuality was. He squeezed Iain’s shoulder and let go. “I’m only joking. A drink sounds lovely. Some night when I’m in town, and between games.”
Steven grunted, cursed, held his head and fucked his face; Sherlock was eager and repulsed, his own hand loose on his cock now and then, aching, catching his balance with a balled-up fistful of the bedspread, a scrabbling not-quite-close-enough grip of a table edge.
Sherlock smiled to himself, looked across at the empty armchair that had been John’s favoured retreat since the very first day.
“Remember the first time?” Sherlock rasped, sucking a breath as John pinched his right nipple hard, and rolled it between thumb and forefinger. “I think about it rather a lot.”
Sherlock hadn’t given John any details about the new case with which he was expected to assist, except a note slipped under his closed door sometime before he awoke, reading, “Walk outside for ten minutes, then come up to my flat at 6:15pm. Wear what you’d wear on a date. Not those ugly shoes.”
Rosie dropped her overnight bag beside the hall tree on the landing, shook her way out of the straps of her rucksack and her cardigan all in one go and let them fall. She ran to where Sherlock sat on the back of his leather armchair with bare feet on the seat cushion, and tugged at his arm for him to lean sideways. When he was within catching distance, she kissed his cheek.
The psychologist picked up on the thread. “Frightening themselves just a little, and getting through it, is a bit of a test they give themselves and sometimes each other. Surviving and conquering a little fear helps them understand they have internal resources they can draw on to confront larger worries and difficulty.”
Trouser fastenings were eventually tugged open, half the shirt buttons undone, and they clung hard, gripped tight, even as they wrestled into place. John was un-gentle with one of Sherlock’s nipples, teeth and pinching fingers rolling and scraping. Sherlock thrust his hands into the back of John’s trousers and kneaded hard enough to bruise. A quick fumble in the same old drawer, groaning kisses with wet, open mouths, and in moments John was thrusting against him, their hands in the way, dripping slick, knuckles bumping. Sherlock’s shoulder was pinned under John’s strong palm, fingers digging hard between the bones. Raw-throated, carelessly loud, they fucked like first-night strangers: selfish, unfamiliar, and wordless.
Shocked into obedience, John followed him. Leading them down the stairs, where John couldn’t see, Sherlock bit his grinning lips. As they reached the lower landing, Sherlock heard Mrs Hudson telling Mycroft in an icy voice, “You can go, too.” Sherlock imagined that despite Mycroft’s obvious desire to make Rosie like him, he would not need to be told twice.
Rosie’s footsteps clicked down the stairs. John was shaking his head as he followed. Easily recognising a truly brilliant idea when one was shown him, Sherlock rang for a pizza.
“Yes, make me,” Sherlock said decisively, and didn’t stop to hang his coat but rather left it in a heap on the floor where he’d let it fall from his shoulders. “Make me. . .
“God, no! That’s why I had them here today.” He motioned with his elbow toward a pile of gift wrap on the big leather armchair. “They brought me a jumper. You can have it, if you like. In lieu of your hourly rate.”
Alex George had invited Sherlock for dinner with him and a few of the younger players, only barely disguising his hope Sherlock would refuse. The veteran players thought Sherlock weird, but were accustomed to it; the newer guys found it easier to avoid him rather than try to engage with him off-ice. All of it was fine with Sherlock; he had been without friends for the best part of his thirty-one years and didn’t see a need to acquire them. True though that was, he found himself at loose ends in a hotel suite on a free evening, without John. Flipping through television channels, lying on his bed with the empty room service tray beside him, Sherlock found himself wishing for John’s company—intimate, of course, but to his own slight shock, otherwise as well.
. It’s a nightmare.” Sherlock leaned away to turn on the bedside lamp, blinked hard against the sudden brightness. He turned back to John, stroked the side of his face. “Look. You’re here. You’re home.”
The Brawlers had an out-of-the-ordinary daytime flight to Long Island, and were mandated to be on the bus from their hotel at nine sharp. With just ten minutes to spare, Sherlock found himself wondering if he should knock on George’s door, as there had been no sign of life from him yet that morning. Sherlock was cross about even having to consider it; there was no way in heaven or hell he was going to spend the season nannying a grown man who’d been in the league long enough to know how to get himself to a bus on time. None of it forecasted positivity for their stint as road-trip roomies.
Despite his best efforts and determination to get some sleep, when his phone gently buzzed against the tabletop, he went straight for it.
John couldn’t help but smile as he wiped his hands on a ktichen towel, then folded it lengthwise and draped it over the handle of the oven.
Sherlock passed his glass. “Thank you.” John saw his gaze shift, up and over, looking at the ashtray on top of the fridge.
“Undoubtedly.” Sherlock stole a glance; the agent’s back was to them. “The trousers could be cut a little more carefully across his arse. I imagine he looks better undressed.”
Kocur was once again wearing the captain’s C on his sweater—and though Sherlock had, as usual, voted for himself, he was satisfied that if it had to be anyone other than John Watson, the team had done the right thing by going back to Pietr Kocur. Sherlock wasn’t sure about Kocur’s new linemate, a rookie fresh out of Harvard called Joe Mercer, and didn’t fully trust him, but the kid was a worker and listened more than talked, both good signs he might work out.
“I’m putting it out right now,” Sherlock assured him, taking one last drag and then dutifully crushing out the barely-begun cigarette.
“I thought you needed it, too,” Sherlock said, “Frankly, I don’t understand how you cope without it.”
Sherlock let go a mild laugh. “Not to him. His job depends on us winning, not on appeasing me.” He swallowed down the last of the wine and set the bottle on the table with a dull thud. “Naturally, I’d prefer everyone’s job depend on appeasing me; that would be ideal.”
John had insisted on footing the entire bill for the holiday, which Sherlock reckoned reached into five figures.
After a pair of wins and a loss at home, Sherlock packed up for an eight-game road trip. John had specifically arranged his schedule so he could follow Sherlock for the two-and-a-half week trip, booking himself luxury rooms and suites for the two of them to stay in, rather than bunking with Sherlock’s road-roomie, Alex George. They’d start out in Jacksonville, Florida, against the Jaguars, then zig-zag west, as far north as Pittsburgh and as far south as Dallas, before returning to Boston for the last three games before the All-Star break and the Brawlers’ bye week.
Later, in Sherlock’s room, they forewent the port--in any event, it was never more than mere pretense to allow them time alone together--and instead reclined side-by-side on the narrow metal-framed bed, in shirtsleeves and without shoes. They greeted each other with tender kisses, but John broke them apart before too much heat arose between them.
John hummed a laugh; food and drink must be lovely but people, it seemed, need only be tolerable. John stepped closer again. Sherlock’s throat was pale pink above his open shirt collar; John longed to stroke the velvet lapel of his jacket.
It wasn’t hard to find a man free for an afternoon assignation, given the financial and business district lay adjacent to the arena. Sherlock scrutinised the photos to assure himself, as much as was possible, that they were legitimate. The address he was given was of an office tower, nothing to distinguish it, glass and brass and pink marble floors. Pressboard instead of real wood in the lobby, though, a remodel in the 2010s done on the cheap that probably made the developer a very rich man. Upon signing in to the visitors’ log, noting the name of the thirty-fourth floor business he’d been told to report to, Sherlock put together that the real estate tycoon with poor taste in finishings was none other than the man he’d enticed into a hookup.
John looked back to Sherlock, standing with his hands in the pockets of his coat. He lifted one out and waved at Rosie, who barely noticed, having already dismissed him.
“Not exactly. But along those lines. Go and get your takeaway and when you get back I’ll tell you all about it. When we go into his clinic tomorrow you’re going to have to tell him you’re the brother of a patient he’s accused of killing while trying to retrieve his contraband.”
John’s voice roughened as he began, “Can’t take my eyes off his chest, first of all. The only other man I’ve seen wear his tailored shirts that tight, is you.”
Sherlock had been smoking out the windows of his flat whenever John was in the bathroom, or asleep, then rinsing the smoke from his mouth with cabernet. Apparently not thoroughly enough.
Sherlock tucked his hand behind John’s bent knee, pulled gently at his calf. He tipped his head toward the bed. “Maybe later? I’ve a better idea.”
“Oh, John. I hope you helped yourself to some of that cake in the fridge,” she said, and laid her hand maternally upon his shoulder.
Sherlock was relieved for himself—sickeningly so—and pleased for Mike and Mags. “Ah, excellent,” he said.
“May as well keep your coat on, we’ll have to go right away or be late,” Sherlock told him. He gestured. “John, may I introduce my parents.”
“All right?” John asked him, knowing the answer, grinning against Sherlock’s jaw and cheek between scattered kisses.
“Thank you, Molly, for the flu,” Sherlock said with finality, and fetched his coat off the back of his chair as rose to leave. “And do let me know if you start getting a raft of auto-erotic asphyxiations; I suspect a serial killer haunting the underground sex clubs.”
“Watson. Oh.” He set down his pen across the page of his ledger book, its figures swimming in front of hazy eyes. “This is a valuable lesson.”
Once outside, they started the walk back to their wide-open room, diaphanous draperies and the skylight over the bed with its view of bright stars in a black sky. John kept a firm hold of him, first by the hand, then around the waist, then with his fingers hooked into Sherlock’s back pocket. Had Sherlock not known better, it might have felt possessive, but given who John was—who they were together—Sherlock assumed a quite literal spell of can’t-keep-my-hands-off-you. Sherlock relished it, and their pace quickened as they neared their pavilion.
“Wow,” John said, with a fake, we’re-in-this-together sort of laugh. “That’s a bit of something.” He picked up the paper, tilted it toward Sherlock, who made a show of looking at it, nodding, maintaining the frown that might help him avoid trouble later. “A monster?” John offered.
He let his hand come to rest cradled across the broadest part of her back, feeling the rise and fall of her ribcage. John had once confessed he couldn’t bear to feel her heartbeat against his hand, didn’t like to watch her breathe for too long, because it made him feel helpless in the face of her fragility. Sherlock, though, had always admired her resilience and sturdiness, the way she lengthened and toughened with each passing week. She was the most remarkable machine he had ever encountered. He counted thirty of her breaths, then pulled up the quilt and switched off the lamp. Even though it had been nearly three years since she’d routinely woken in the night, Sherlock left the door open just enough to hear her.
“They have a cleaner come in before the next renters arrive. It’s what we paid for.” Sherlock turned on lights and checked mirrors. A round, magnifying one extended from the wall on a brass arm. “Don’t ruin this for me, John; I’ve been looking forward to it.”
“That’s great,” John said, impressed with the dialect. “Good luck with it. And if Roger Daltrey or Morrissey ever hire you, I hope you’ll invite them to mine for tea.”
Bump after bump of his teammates’ helmets against his own should have rattled Sherlock’s brain a little, but he only heard the thuds distantly. Kocur gave him a friendly shake of the head, and LoPresti patted his chest. He was the last to leave the ice, raised his stick at the fans as he was pronounced one of the night’s three star players on his way across the threshold and down the tunnel.
JW: Other than that, I had nothing to regret. It’s never going to feel natural to me to have my personal life in the public eye, except as it relates to hockey. So after we’re through talking here, I have no future intention to talk publicly about anything personal, at all.
“Fine. Yes,” Sherlock affirmed. “Well.” He had not anticipated difficulty finding words. John looked expectant, and only slightly less worried. He reached for Sherlock’s hand, covered it with his own, then moved to cradle it on his knee. Sherlock felt the muscles of his jaw soften; his man melted him even at times of high tension.
in bruises—old ones, newer ones, more than just a hyperactive kid who likes to jump off the top bunk, y’know?”
Sherlock muttered into his glove. “You should be so lucky to bite me in the ass,” which made little objective sense but made him feel better.
I plan to keep him until the day I die. Then I’ll lie here beside you, Mother, with John on my other side. I don’t think you’ll mind.
John, still dressed in his pale blue dress shirt and tugged-loose Thrashers’ blue necktie, maneuvered Sherlock’s legs where he wanted them, and knelt astride Sherlock’s upper thighs. Sherlock tugged his shirttails aside to watch John stroking himself, his swollen bollocks nudging up against Sherlock’s spent and softening cock.
“Sherlock, honestly,” John said. “Not everyone is a slag like us. Don’t be shocking just for the sake of it.”
He stroked John through his orgasm, watched the spurting spoils of his endeavours jet up onto his man’s belly, had a feeling so very much like winning.
John’s steps as he followed were dread-heavy, and he hesitated on the landing until Sherlock gestured at the open door. John nodded, forcing a cordial expression onto his face though his eyes betrayed him in the half-second before he looked away, directing himself toward the kitchen table to set down the pizza in its box. He had Rosie’s rucksack over one shoulder.
John was by then dressed enough that Sherlock could set aside the distraction of watching him, and retreated to the shower. On his return to the bedroom, Sherlock expected to find John fixing his necktie, ready to head for the waiting car to take him to his foundation’s office across the river in Kendall Square. There John would rendezvous with a cadre of public relations women, spokespersons, middle managers, and all their assistants to caravan back across the bridge into Boston, and John would debut his hour-long talk in a Copley Square hotel, for a convention of youth hockey coaches. Thus it was a surprise to instead discover him dressed only in mostly-buttoned shirt, boxer briefs, and dark socks, sitting on the edge of the bed on Sherlock’s side, with his head bowed into his hand. In his other hand, resting loosely on his thigh, was his phone. A creeping sense of distress itched through him, to find his man looking so out of sorts.
Sherlock set himself on his knees, and rested his hands on John’s thighs, calming him with soft stroking. John touched his jaw, and the edge of his ear, and traced his eyebrow with one fingertip. Gazing up at him, Sherlock reached for his belt and said. “Forever and only yours, John. Never doubt it. Never fear.”
“Another time.” John pressed his hands onto the arms of the chair and lifted himself to stand. “Got all your gear together?” Sherlock stood, too, as it was the done thing when guests were leaving one’s home. He fetched up Rosie’s rucksack, checked inside that her folders and papers were in order, then passed it to John.
Sherlock removed his hand to uncover the small, gauzy bag that lay there, translucent so they could both plainly see what it held.
“My private cell number,” Steven told him. “I have some things I can rearrange tomorrow afternoon, if you’ve the time.”
“I only hope, Sherlock, you’ll allow yourself the luxury of contentment for a change. You do have a nasty habit of self-sabotage.” Mycroft, whose admonishment sounded genuinely concerned for Sherlock’s emotional state, then added in a different, more skeptical tone, “Fear of success, I’ve often heard it called. Though why anyone should fear it is beyond my ability to understand.”
He had plans for sturdy, beautiful fireplaces to warm Sherlock’s evenings and smooth-polished floorboards for his slippers to shush across in the morning. Plans to tint the plaster for the walls in whatever shades would please Sherlock’s eye. A pretty table beside a comfortable armchair, with a new stand for Sherlock’s pipes. Shelves for Sherlock’s books and a deep, wide bed in which to love Sherlock and never have to get up to leave under cover of night. A kitchen where he could touch Sherlock’s elegant hand atop the table, instead of beneath.
Jordan rested a hand on each of their shoulders and leaned in between them. Dropping a quick cheek-kiss on each of them, he smiled. “I don’t think so, but thanks for asking.”
all keyed up!” Rosie defended with fresh indignation against a comment Sherlock had made the previous afternoon.
Predictably, Rosie dawdled through her bedtime routine, but Sherlock easily forgave it—perhaps even indulged it—because it had been so long since they’d been together. He read an extra chapter in her book, and lingered after lights-out to trace numbers and letters onto her back as she drifted off
“She was yawning the whole time I was reading, though, so I don’t think it’ll be more than ten minutes before I can sneak in for it and be out of your hair.”
“We went shopping for new bed sheets,” John prompted, still piecing it all together, Sherlock’s quirky wooing of him over the course of 24 days.
“Says the man with two weeks of media interviews on his calendar the moment we leave here,” Sherlock reminded. “Sounds like work to me.”
They arranged a meeting; Bam_Bam would come to the team hotel. Sherlock wondered if the aforementioned partying would occur en route, or if his new friend would bring his supplies along so that Sherlock would be made into a spectator. Recognising a miscalculation on his part—saying he didn’t mind one way or the other—Sherlock half-seriously considered sending a message to cancel the whole affair, but just then the bus parked at the hotel entrance and there followed the deliberation-disturbing bustle of thirty men engaging in vaguely noisy leavetaking behaviour. Sherlock slipped his phone into the inner pocket of his suit jacket and took up his coat and bag. Let his “date” get high out of his head; Sherlock only wanted to suck him off and then get some needed sleep. Early flight to Boston next morning.
About fifteen minutes in, the Rush got something going and Sherlock faced a barrage of shots from every angle, almost every opposing player. The Brawlers’ defensemen gave him good cover, and Hatch even skated behind him through the crease to make a save, knocking away a slow-sliding puck Sherlock had momentarily lost track of. Hatch was all smiles as he skated around before the next face-off, joking about his goalie stats. Sherlock kept his head turned toward the back of the goal, fidgeting with his water bottle and catching glove.
John looked knowing; it was delightful to see the fire in his eyes. Sherlock finished, “I do happen to know there’s also some kind of kickoff meeting, dinner, party thing he and his wife are likely attending this evening. So it might be worth my time to go have a look.”
Sherlock turned his head just enough to bite down on John’s pectoral muscle through his t-shirt, reminding him to be grateful for what he had in the moment.
Sherlock stroked a palm absently down John’s forearm, patted his hand once. “Nevermind. We’ll spend all day Sunday in bed and by Monday all will be well.”
The day after Christmas found Sherlock and John closer to their own shared home in Boston, at a gathering of the huge, noisy Porter family, who had taken Sherlock on as one of their own years before, when he first met his young friend Jeremy and began visiting him regularly, to defend their backyard goal against Jeremy’s tennis-ball backhands. John knew not to score on Sherlock, only took his turns lobbing easily saved shots, and the two spent more time in the yard with Jeremy than indoors with the family, which was to all of their satisfaction. John swooned with pleasure at the buffet tables groaning with grandmothers’ recipes for ham, meatballs, chocolate cake, and iced sugar biscuits, and at the barely-contained chaos of seventy-five people of every age from infancy to old age all talking at once, balancing plates on their laps and unwrapping gifts. Sherlock seemed to be the only adult on hand who never tired of playing peek-a-boo with little Natalie; he found her genuine surprise to see him again after he’d vanished behind her pink security blanket as fascinating as it was adorable.
Sherlock put his hand on top of John’s, and directed his gaze upward toward the cliff. There was not much to see; too high for birds, too rocky for plants. “That bit looks like the Shard,” Sherlock said, pointing to direct John’s attention.
The truth of the thing was that he wouldn’t know until he got back his start, and faced down the long length of the rink, five invading men blazing toward him at speed, firing bullets, bombs, the occasional slow-arcing mortar. Thurston didn’t pull his shots, and Sherlock got in his usual practice time with the whole team, but none of it was real. He woke up from nightmares of ill-preparedness, in his goal without his pads, without his stick, even without his team. Though he tried to put it away and be present, during time spent with John—now somewhat rare and that much more precious—he was always thinking about what he could have done better, how many games, days, hours until his promised start in Seattle, his re-entry to the atmosphere, a return to his planet.
Mike: I’ll think about it. But first my boyfriend’s taking me home to meet his family. Can we ask some less serious questions to wrap up?
“Well, this has been just fantastic,” he said, rubbing his hands together. “Thank you for having me. Can I help clean up a bit?” An offer to pack away the leavings was good evidence he was in no hurry to depart Sherlock’s company.
There was a pot of slippery stuff open on a lower shelf, and Steven dipped in two fingers, scooped up a generous glob. As he rubbed it possessively deep into Sherlock’s arse, he rumbled, “Can I go inside?”
Sherlock appeared in his doorway, looking coolly normal in one of his slim-angled suits and holding his coat over one arm.
“New twist on the Nigerian romance scam. Some government tech experts are interfering, gathering data. . .A waste of my own superior brain to take all the details on board. Boring, boring. But, as you say, lucrative.”
“That really is beautiful,” Sherlock said quietly, once the top edge of the sun vanished below the horizon and the sky was painted pink and gold. “Thank you for thinking of this.”
“Take care,” John said to Sherlock’s back, probably loud enough for him to hear though it didn’t matter. He’d got his answer before he’d asked. Sherlock wasn’t open to trying again, and John was no longer in a position to ask that Sherlock justify himself. That was it, then.
It was coming from the fire. Down the flue from the flat upstairs. Not sad, but slow, more lullaby than dirge. John moved to the fireplace, head ducked, hand on the mantel. Violin, unaccompanied. Sherlock, at half past two in the morning.
“Yes, well, it’s a tradition. Though there are troublingly few ways to say, Happy to have solved your brother’s murder, do keep me in mind for any future major crimes.”
An unsettling sensation of falling, then flinging upward. He’d dozed off, drink in hand. Ludicrous. Unaccountably, Sherlock’s cheeks flushed hot as he righted himself with his elbows.
Sherlock encouraged him, nodding, kissing, low-moaning as his cock swelled and his bollocks tightened and he fucked into John’s sliding fist, coming in hot waves, sucking John’s lower lip between his own, pulling until it slipped away from him. He shoved John onto his back, yanked away the blankets to look down the length of him, spit-slicked his palm and fingers to stroke John to his well-deserved finish. It was remarkably pleasing to see him nude, skin over muscle, golden hair in all the right places, the quiver of his belly and the tightening of his thighs. The way his toes curled and spread. His face.
“Sherlock doesn’t want me to think there are family photos anywhere, but I have to see him in his school uniforms,” John said pleasantly, which made Sherlock kick his shin beneath the table. John mused, “Little bare knees and all.”
John had arranged for Sherlock to stay until the last possible minute—one more night and another half day in paradise, then Sherlock would fly to meet the team in North Carolina—but John had to return to Boston.
“Just hang the Do Not Disturb sign,” Sherlock insisted, lifting his ankle in front of his opposite knee and stooping to peel off his sock. His shirt was on the floor. His nipples were hard.
Less than an hour later, Rosie was loose-limbed and gawp-mouthed beneath her covers, having become pliable and cooperative—downright cuddly—after her chat with Sherlock. John, himself exhausted near to giddiness, assumed a stretch on the sofa from which he knew he might not recover. After setting his alarm for the morning, he indulged an urge he knew might lead him toward trouble.
“No shrine to the baby son? No shelves full of junior league trophies?” John was insistent; Sherlock tried to distract him with a few well-placed pinches along the inseam of his jeans. John leaned away. “A quick look.”
John felt caught-out, and shuffled where he stood, looking again at his damp shoes. The silly coffee had been an extravagance, and the universe had served him his karma for wasting cash he shouldn’t spend, immediately and spectacularly. He wanted to do penance. He wanted Sherlock not to waste his own money on John’s frivolous impulses.
Sherlock didn’t feel out of sorts. He didn’t even feel normal. If asked, he’d have said he felt nothing. He as an unthinking machine, doing just what it was programmed to do. It was almost as if he was watching himself, which was a strange sensation, detached from the game in a way he had not experienced before. But he was watching himself getting big as a house, diving, throwing up the catching glove, making save after save. There would be plenty of time later to analyse what his brain was up to; in the moment, he decided to let his body do its work.
They both devolved into moaning, half-views and bad angles of each others’ faces enough to urge them on. Watching John bite his lips, hearing him hum and groan, was nearly as arousing to Sherlock as seeing him stroke himself, his intense expressions and rising vocal tones a soundtrack Sherlock could easily produce a mental-movie to match. John opened his eyes, and they shared a desperate smile for an instant before Sherlock let his own eyes fall shut, just listening to John’s
Sherlock’s foot was on the edge of the bed to tie his trainer laces, and Steven nudged with his own foot, sending Sherlock scrambling to balance.
Wednesday night, with the Demons/Gold Rush “game of the week” on the telly, and Sherlock and John ate their supper on the sofa, Sherlock leaning back with his bare feet on the coffee table probably too close to John’s plate. He’d cooked lemon-and-cream spaghetti while John arranged them salad from a plastic bag, and half a store-bought flourless chocolate cake was coming back to room temperature on the kitchen worktop. In the time it took him to boil the pasta, Sherlock had downed more than half the bottle of chardonnay he’d opened for the sauce, and they shared what was left with their meal. Sherlock had his eye on a pinotage he’d been saving for no reason, to accompany dessert.
Sherlock shook his head, as his mouth was just then occupied with a mango-infused cream puff pastry.
He cleaned his teeth then curved down onto the not-quite-long-enough sofa, and gave himself a talking-to about getting sentimental. About loneliness and a need to get back out there. About how Sherlock was still all of the things John couldn’t abide, and still none of the things John had come to need. They’d have a nice Christmas Eve—presents for Rosie and tea with Mrs H, and now crackers so there’d be paper crowns and bad jokes, a proper little party—and then John would come home. At least with Rosie at Baker Street, he’d be able to sleep full-length in the bed.
Sherlock sat stone-faced on the stool, staring at LoPresti in goal even when play moved to the far end. He seethed with self-recrimination. In his younger years he may have put on a show of anger, smashing his stick against the boards on his way through the door or shouting curses at the ref and linesmen for not making calls against the Brawlers’ opponents that might have changed the pace and mood of the game. But displays of extreme, personal emotion were not the Brawlers’ way. You did your job, and if you sucked at it, you sat your arse down and let someone else take over, for the good of the team. No complaining. No tantrums.
“That’s better.” They kissed with smoky-sour mouths; when John’s eyes closed he felt as if the whole room was spinning anti-clockwise. Sherlock reached between their bodies to take John in the curve of his long-fingered hand. “Ah, my own,” John sighed. “Bit soon, I’m afraid,” for they had already once driven each other over the edge of pleasure, not an hour before, “Not to mention the effects of the drink.” Sherlock caught his eye, and looked mischievous in a way that was so unlike him, John could not but be charmed to the point of his heart fluttering a bit.
Another variable to weigh was the wonder and disaster of their shared history, perhaps in the end a bit of a draw, tilting toward better because it worked on multiple levels (romantic, platonic, working, addictive) and because of Rosie, who had turned them from two selfish monsters into two less-selfish monsters with a common object of obsessive love. That was the context.
“Thanks, Mrs H.” So many moods, in such a short span. Sherlock should do a study of voice tones. How would he? “Mind your granny; bed no later than half-nine, you’ve still school tomorrow.” Sherlock scribbled out the idea of the study. John said, “Love you, Rose, down to your toes,” and Sherlock half-smiled. He loved her just the same.
Sherlock kissed a trail down the edge of John’s jaw, down the side of his throat, wanting to reassure him.
“Tears of relief when I can walk out of a barely-controlled children’s riot,” John affirmed. “It was honestly the worst thing I’ve had to do in ages.”
John did that awful grimacing grin of his, his mean streak flaring. He shook his head. “You disappeared into your own head while Rosie watched YouTube on the sofa.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows a bit, then let them settle. “Of course you will,” he said decisively, then vanished.
She laid a feather-light hand on his elbow and gave him a smile. “I don’t know what’s come over me, but I’m inclined to do as you say, John.”
“A brave new world for you, in that case.” Sherlock reached back over his head and elongated in a full-body stretch. “I wouldn’t know; I’m still gainfully employed, and very young.”
“Privacy is paramount; I’ll destroy the notes once I’ve solved the case and returned the property.” Sherlock rubbed his palms together, glancing over John’s shoulder into the flat. “And given the need for secrecy, I wonder if I could trouble you to host the meeting here? Unfortunately, I can’t guarantee my own flat is free of government surveillance equipment.”
John woke with a sucking sob, jolting to attention, wet eyes wide in the dark, seeking landmarks to ground him.
Rosie was on the climbing structure with her local-to-Sherlock friends—the final hurrah of her extended time with him during Christmas holidays before John reclaimed her—and Sherlock and John stood at angles to each other, rubbing their hands together against the chill.
“It’s no bother,” Sherlock replied from the kitchen, where he was methodically opening one cupboard door after the other. “What’s your drink?”
In the kitchen the table groaned with sweets (including jam thumbprint biscuits John gave himself at least half the credit for), the two centrepieces being an elegant, nearly flat bowl full of fruit, beautifully arranged; and a gigantic steamed Christmas pudding that smelled invitingly of booze and spice. To accompany the desserts, Sherlock offered tea with mulling spices, or cappuccino with foamed milk from a sleek metal contraption, and sprinklings of cinnamon or chocolate.
“They’re not together,” Rosie interrupted, always comfortable inserting herself into adult conversation. “They’re divorced.”
“My fault,” came a familiar voice, and John stopped scrambling for napkins long enough to register that the man who’d managed to get behind him without setting off all his internal alarms was none other than his upstairs neighbour, Sherlock Holmes.
“I can see now,” John mused, “that a Sunday morning lie-in was a meaningless phrase before I had an actual five day work week.”
Steven reached into a metal stand on the edge of his desk and peeled off one of his business cards. He wrote a number across the back of it, using a very expensive pen that slept in its own, velvet-lined bed beside the desk calendar. He passed the card to Sherlock, who pocketed it without looking at it.
The man pressed his palms together and rested the tips of his forefingers against his chin, gazing at his mantelscape.
“In the meantime,” Sherlock said, brushing his hands together to clean them of crumbs and sweep away tension, “I’ll text Thurston and see if he’s free tomorrow for a shoot-around.”
“Of course I do. The Thrashers had control to my right, high in the circle. Our defensive pair were Siven and Ross, but they were gassed, looking for a change. I figured if they got the puck they’d ice it just to get a rest. You were up high to my left, waiting near the blue line. Hamilton had a huge amount of zone time, something like thirty-nine seconds, putting intense pressure on us.”
—wide but shallow—and he lifted the lid, lay the stone at the end of a row of others like it, and unlike it. The heaviest one, the dark one he couldn’t quite grasp. There wasn’t room for more; the thing was full, so it was done. He snapped shut the box, and sleep rolled in on him like dense warm fog.
The gift, as it turned out, was—to no one’s surprise—for Rosie. Inside the coloful gift bag was a hand-knitted cuddly toy, made by the judge in her free time. Rosie thanked her, John thanked her, Sherlock bit his lips together, and soon enough they were in another taxi having a spirited argument about whether it was a mouse, an elephant, or a rhinoceros.
“My parents were drunks. And now my sister.” And probably me, as well, he didn’t say aloud. “I prefer to keep facing forward, if you know what I mean.”
Hiding another hot flush, Sherlock turned halfway away and switched off the fire. “Thank you, John.”
Hovering above him, frustratingly distant on elbow and knees, John shoved a curved palm between Sherlock’s legs and dragged back and forth over his trousers, feeling for the shape of him, radiating an urgent need for response. Sherlock kissed harder, grabbed for his shoulder, the small of his back, pulling him down. John pressed his chest to Sherlock’s and kissed his jaw, nudging up his chin. He made a low, raw growling sound and scraped his teeth down the side of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock hooked a calf into the bend of John’s knee.
They found a rhythm that pleased them both, punishing, hard and slightly awkward, uncomfortable and thrilling, and Sherlock felt the pressure building.
When they let each other go, each turned away, and they moved apart like objects suddenly unbound by gravity. Sherlock picked up the empty glasses; John went for the door. There was nothing more to be said.
“We’d better be off,” Sherlock announced, not entirely trusting the time shown on his wristwatch. “Have you finished?”
John’s eyes went comically wide and he leaned forward to emphasize, “So did I! As it turns out, it was a kiddie circus. I mean, sure, kids make a lot of noise when they’re amped up but I swear to you, Sherlock, it started at like eight and a half, almost immediately went to ten, and it never let up for a single second.”
John appeared, with a particular spark in his gaze Sherlock recognised immediately, and leaned up to intone, “We’re going.”
Sherlock sighed extravagant displeasure at being reminded the two were not in London at their leisure, but rather on a working holiday of familial obligation and real estate investment. They were expected at the family home in under ninety minutes; Sherlock was still naked in bed with one leg outside the covers. He flexed his toes. John pinched them in a half-fist on his way to his suitcase, open on the floor.
“Yes,” he said, nodding. “That’s a good word for it. We’re good together—at this.” He stirred, too, in front of his chest.
“No,” John agreed. They went quiet, and Sherlock’s shoulders at last began to melt down nearer where they belonged. He relished two more long, deep drags, holding in the smoke until he no longer could. The latter half of the cigarette went out the window, and he pressed the button to send it back up. The car’s air conditioning was positively arctic; Sherlock’s forearms shivered with gooseflesh.
Not too cold, though. Well, cold of course, but the air is so still and dry. See there, the snow doesn’t even stick to my shoes.
“Or is talking about retirement plans going to jinx you, somehow, too?” John wondered. Licked his lips again, then bit them. Sherlock’s eyes roamed, mentally mapping the path to the gents’; his fingers were not the only thing about him that was restless, and John’s reappearing tongue-tip was threatening to wind him up too far to comfortably carry on with the meal.
On their last morning, they indulged in a luxuriant lie-in after first-of-the-morning sex in the big white bed. Eventually, they summoned the apparently unbeddable flirt, Jordan, who brought a carb-heavy breakfast accompanied by an heroic amount of coffee. Happy not to know the time, Sherlock couldn’t help but note by the angle of the sun it was already well past noon by the time they half-dressed and summoned up the effort required to remove themselves from the bed out to the sun deck’s umbrella-shaded dining table. The tide was in, waves breaking against the pebbly shore of their private cove with gentle heaves like sighing breath—p erfect, hypnotic noise-cancellation surrounding their quiet conversation. John’s toes stroked slowly up and down along the length of Sherlock’s own bare foot.
“Woke up in a stranger’s bedsit,” he said, his gaze traveling up and over as he recalled. “Robbed him of all available cash. Vomited several times on the walk to the nearest dealer’s flat. Shot up in her attic room. Next thing I remember it was New Year’s Eve.”
Mike: My boyfriend’s taking me home to meet his family. Anyway, if it wasn’t planned for you to come out in a live TV broadcast during Stanley Cup celebrations in the Brawlers’ dressing room—did you have any moment where you regretted it, like, Oh, man, what did I just do?
The front door rattled and opened, and Sherlock had more shopping bags, kicked the door shut behind him. John called a hello.
“No, nothing. Sorry. It’s nothing.” He rang Mrs Hudson and told her all he knew; she sucked her teeth and wittered worry for Sherlock until John rushed her off the line. The cab left him halfway up the road from the school and he double-timed to the yard, where students were already pouring forth after the day’s final bell. Rosie was waiting in a snaky queue of wriggling, overtired Year Twos and when she spotted him she waved.
“Shower?” John asked at last, quietly, and Sherlock’s response was a noncommittal hum and a shrug. “Time’s it?” John leaned up to look for a clock on the bedside table. “Nearly one. Probably too late to order food. Are you hungry?”
Mrs Holmes made unnecessary noise, coming back downstairs, and the two gave each other covert knee-squeezes and shared mischievous grins, like kids. Sherlock marveled at the novel situation of one of his men actually inside his family’s house—nevermind that his mother seemed pleased, nor that the man in question had manners enough to insist they stay and finish their tea.
The slap of a hand against the center of Sherlock’s chest, and he registered an unfolded, tri-folded manifold layer of legal-sized paper held there, protecting him from being touched, protecting John from having to touch him. Sherlock reached for it and they tug-o-warred for it until John let go. He knew before he read a word, saw the letterhead and knew again, quick-scanned and knew for certain.
“Thank you.” John fell away then, making room for Sherlock to stand. With his feet under him, Sherlock contemplated alternative endings, various scenarios clicking through his mind, light-and-dark, like photographic slides.
He longed for a jokey reply from John, reminding Sherlock of their first encounter in similarly cramped quarters, warning him not to repeat it, or perhaps suggesting he do so. Sherlock felt his need to get off as an irritation beneath the skin. His head was loading up a Technicolor slideshow of bodies in motion, accompanied by a symphony of curses, commands, deep-voiced growling. It was the middle of the night. Tuesday. No clubs or bars open. He checked CRUZR and found a paltry number of illuminated blue dots on the local map; none within a half-hour’s journey by a car he’d have to summon and wait for. John at home, asleep, unavailable by voice or video.
“No,” Sherlock admitted. There was a beat of silence, in which he weighed his options. He took another swig of the wine to excuse his silence.
John grinned, “I like a good old boozy steamed pudding. All the best things in one.” He started clearing up what remained of their meal. Sherlock pulled a paper-thin laptop from his case and opened it on the table between his splayed knees. “I’ll take the sofa, by the way.”
To his credit, the driver seemed relatively nonplussed by the flagrant, man-on-man action coming to a bubble in his back seat, though the rise of his eyebrows as his gaze met Sherlock’s in the rearview mirror seemed to hold at least a mild plea for mercy.
“I thought about it, but once the adrenaline drained off I felt sluggish and lumpen and so retreated here to bed.”
John’s smile was mostly genuine when she appeared on the stairs, one hand sliding along the rail, her rucksack slung over just one shoulder.
John sank into his chair with his eyes shut for longer than a blink. He shifted the pillow behind his back.
I forgot, all the way through Boyfriend Material, and when posting chapter one, to mention that Mike and Mags and their hockey fangirl blog What The Hell, Dummy? are all inspired by a real life pair of hockey fangirls called Chuck and Pants, and their blog, What's Up, Ya Sieve? The blog has not updated since 2016, but it's fun to peruse. They are on instagram and on twitter, both with user name whatsupyasieve.
Sherlock gave a lazy half-smile, reached to straighten the collar on the man’s shirt, folding it into place and smoothing it with between fingertips and thumbs. Yves Saint Laurent, off the rack but it fit him properly even without tailoring.
Less than ninety seconds later, Sacramento scored again. Sherlock saw the bullet flying, slid aside to square up to it, raised the catching glove, and it went in beside his chest, just below his elbow. He felt the puck brush the sleeve of his sweater.
Standing well ahead of his goal for the anthems, Sherlock played a mental movie of his own highlight reel, reviewed what he knew about the Thrashers offense. Once wide-crouched in front of the cage, he set his jaw and steadied his gaze, thumped the bottom edge of his stick-blade against the roughed-up ice in his crease. He was perfectly at home, hunkered down in those ninety-six cubic feet.
“We’re not opposed to three-way dating,” Sherlock shrugged, ignoring John’s pointed look and Iain’s self-conscious defense of his motives.
Sherlock nodded, feeling stunned. Coach Lestrade had clearly finished with him, was drawing LoPresti into a bear hug and thumping his back. There was nothing for it but to get his head in the game, so Sherlock turned back around and went to find a wall to look at while he emptied his mind for a few minutes.
JW: That’s not strictly true. I hated my place, and my lease was up, and Sherlock’s place was more comfortable.
“Another time, then,” Sherlock replied. John’s hand cupped his arse, flats of his fingers curving downward.
As such, Sherlock was stood in his doorway, hands on each side of the frame, leaning in. John was half-heartedly tending to his stalled job search. “Recent relevant experience” kept holding him up. It wasn’t that he didn’t wish to summarise the sort of doctoring he’d done in the army, it was only that it seemed too much to tell, given he was applying for a non-surgical position in a relatively quiet clinic. He was almost afraid whoever read his application might be repelled. He easily slapped the laptop shut and turned his attention to his upstairs neighbour.
“Mm. Sir Paul’s manuscripts.” He switched easily into a stout, eastern European accent. “Posing as a wealthy collector, trying to find the right connections to place bids in a black market auction.”
“Shuttle-runs tomorrow,” John said threateningly, and Sherlock couldn’t repress a grin at his teasing, though it was immediately followed with a groan as reality set in.
There were pills, about five, loose in the bottom of the pocket. Sherlock hooked and then withdrew his fingers, pinching one tablet—round, star-embossed, and bright pink; as easy to recognise as an ibuprofen—and raised it between his finger- and thumb-tips to Colin’s lips. Grinning, Colin accepted the pill, kissed the tips of Sherlock’s fingers as they withdrew. Sherlock watched his adam’s apple bob down as he swallowed.
“Let me tell you about the loudest, most brain-jangling noise you have ever heard in your life,” John began, revving up to tell a story.
Sherlock could not wholeheartedly or easily say he agreed with the assessment, but as with so much of what had gone between them in the past however long (ten months, two weeks, six days since the argument that finally broke their backs), Sherlock was not in a position to argue. All the risk was his; all the authority, John’s. So in the end, Sherlock supposed in some manner he did agree that nothing had changed.
“If you smoke cigarettes, I’ll divorce you,” Rosie said automatically. Sherlock regretted that he and John had ever so freely shared that particular running joke in her presence.
“Thank you, no. You’re very kind.” John gave Sherlock a look indicating he found Sherlock’s brazen appeals for freebies outrageous, and perhaps a bit cute.
“No, I know. I sort of told him that. We’re going to work together; he seemed keen to get my input.”
“I’ve a better idea,” he said, and lifted himself away from the desk, turned, and shoved John backward. Once John was arranged to Sherlock’s liking on the sofa, trousers around his ankles, shoulders back and hips forward, and Sherlock had fished packets of slippery from the hip pocket of his own, left-behind trousers, Sherlock knelt wide across John’s lap and held him fast, slid down on him. They both groaned. John used the strength of his grip to help bolster Sherlock’s motion; every muscle in his thighs and belly strained to raise and lower him.
“Mm, you gorgeous man,” he mused, and Sherlock did not want to hear his voice, let alone sweet endearments. Inside his head, he was being manhandled and misused, and definitely not being told he was gorgeous.
Sherlock let out a frustrated, needy noise, and John hushed, “Quiet now, they’ll hear.” He slowed and lightened, letting their breath settle. They stared into each other’s eyes, telling each other the story, playing the parts. Sherlock’s gut fluttered and he gulped.
They’d constantly threatened to divorce each other, jokily, with affection—such a stupid threat it could only be funny—and eventually Rosie had gotten in on the act as well, threatening to divorce them if they cooked fish for dinner, or when they tried to have a lazy Sunday lie-in and Rosie was already up and dressed—even my shoes, look!—and ready to
When they came, it was loud and harsh, nearly simultaneous; they were pent-up and fiery and it was no wonder neither could hold off very long. Sherlock’s hand around the edge of John’s neck probably held too tight; John was careless, wiped Sherlock’s cum off his hand onto the sofa cushion. Sherlock knew John would regret it later when his senses returned, probably try to clean it, leave the housekeeper a ridiculous gratuity when they checked out.
Mike: So Sherlock was surprised when you just said on television, “My boyfriend’s taking me home to meet his family.”
John leaned sideways uncomfortably far, made sure Rosie was distracted, and murmured under his breath, “I’ve never been more wildly attracted to you than I am at this moment.”
“Uhh. . .” John felt another short-lived, awful panic of not being able to remember the date. Wednesday. Sunday had been the fourteenth? God, he was tired. “This weekend. Saturday? Or Sunday. I’d have to look it up, the first day of spring. Twentieth or twenty-first.”
John rang off and dug the heels of his hands into his eye sockets, rubbing away fresh tears. “She had to say that!” he exclaimed, and sobbed a laugh at his sister’s nerve. “Had to say that about my folks.”
John lazed on a mattress on the deck, an umbrella angled to shield him from the sun, and Sherlock picked through the offerings on the tea stand, filling a small white plate to bring out for him. At last unable to rein in his curiosity, Sherlock directed a casual inquiry at their handsome, if inscrutable, host.
They felt obligated to wait for the room service waiter to bring whatever bonuses Sherlock had scored on John’s behalf, though it was intensely frustrating to do so. Sherlock had a growling need, wanted to dig in his claws and clamp John down and just. . .
“We’ll have to wait and see,” the judge told her, her eyes shining. “Do you know why your parents have brought you here today?”
John was looking at him in a way that made Sherlock feel pierced and pinned. Not accusatory, precisely, but in the neighbourhood. Sherlock dug his fingernails into his palm, fist curled tight, and scanned for perfect recall of the past few hours despite knowing there was nothing to find.
Sherlock consulted his wristwatch. “We really must go.” His jaw ached from clenching it; bad news for John. He next looked at his own sturdy, smooth-skinned hands, whose beauty and capacity must not be allowed to go to waste.
John, wearing one of Mrs Holmes’ pinnies over his summer-hols afternoon-casual, let out a noise indicating piqued interest. He went on sorting washers, screws, tacks, and bolts into empty soup tins.
“You should sell it,” his father commanded. “Here a week in the summer—carrying that place must cost you a fortune.”
John looked knowing, and contradicted with finality, “You will.” Sherlock’s instinct was to lodge a protest, but now they were talking around the edges of it, his brain was running a highlight reel of various oral encounters, and Sherlock’s mouth had become wet. He swallowed. John winked at him as his mother returned, killing his libido in order to bore and embarrass him with illustrated tales of all his most awkward years.
. . .” Sherlock groaned as he came, hot and messy onto his own low belly, his every vein singing hot with a thrumming rush of blood, his heart thudding, gooseflesh rising on his arms.
“Not this time,” Sherlock replied with a wink. “If I keep you indebted I can get what I want out of you later.”
They were walking from the tube station to the flat; the air held a warm tinge of spring and lifted John’s mood higher than it had been in recent memory.
“Is it not?” he retorted with a finalising shake of his head. “Read that fucking thing again and tell me what your intentions are.” He scrubbed his palm down the length of his frown-contorted face. “I’m going to get her from school, and take her home.”
John sank into the armchair and Sherlock brought glasses of wine for each of them. Once he’d assumed his own usual place, John tilted the glass in his direction, and Sherlock returned the gesture. “I was not consulted about sending you that letter. Those papers,” Sherlock began. “I never would have approved it. The timing. The way things have been between us, the last month or two.”
. Daily picture books are all about families around the world, and families of many different constellations, as well as talking about adoption, blended families, and the variety of languages, foods, and traditions found in different family homes. Our chapter book this week is
“Too far. Sherlock’s big as the ceiling. Turn out the light, please, Dadda,” she whined, and dissolved into tears again. Both of them went into a frenzy of petting and stroking, trying to comfort her. John cooed and Sherlock kissed her forehead.
John frowned. “What’s that about? Couple of bad games? You’re hardly the only one to carry the blame. The second and third lines were looking incredibly sloppy on Tuesday.”
“I know that, Sherlock. But in that time when I thought I chose her, when she saved me from the grief of losing you. . . just for that little while she
. As she was finishing the K, without looking up and with no particular inflection, she asked, “Do I put the mum who had me?”
“Just a token,” Sherlock dismissed, even as he took a seat beside John on the edge of his bed, slightly sinking them both. John, half-expecting a box wrapped in colourful paper and tied with red ribbon, nearly missed it. Once he found it, though, cradled in the bowl of Sherlock’s lovely hand, he was gut-struck, and his eyes blurred.
“Soon as we’re alone for good I’m going to bend you over that desk and lick your arse until you’re begging.”
“We’re not staying,” he asserted, once she had gone. The second book featured pictures of the Holmes boys, the elder two school-aged and Sherlock toddling. Sherlock lingered over one photo of the three of them stood in a stiff row in front of the semi-detached house. “My first and only year at the infants’ school. Enoch and I both wished the dinner lady was our mum.”
The weekend was back-to-back matinees, one in Knoxville and then another in Charlotte. The Brawlers got their lunch eaten in a 4 – 0 shutout on Saturday.
Sherlock thought this over, then made a noise of affirmation. John’s fingers in his hair sent tendrils of tingles across his scalp, threatening to lull him back to sleep. “How many days did you work before?” he asked softly, and John laughed, probably thinking it was half-asleep gibberish.
John checked his wristwatch once he’d set the last plate in the rack to dry, and Sherlock felt a twinge of disappointment, feeling certain the next thing to happen would be John gathering Rosie’s things and hustling her out the door. To Sherlock’s surprise, John leaned up against the lounge door and said, “I packed her a few days’ worth of clothes and things. Thought you might like to spend the weekend, now you’re up and about.”
As of April 2019, this story will be on an indefinite hiatus. Subscribe above for notification of updates.
, gave off a distinct whiff of desperation, as if Lestrade’s personal happiness—not just his professional pride—hung on Sherlock getting his shit together to keep the team on the right side of the win/loss record.
A date would be nice. If not with Sherlock, with someone. Of course, John came off prickly these days, he knew. He was different since he’d come back, and not just because he was (probably) depressed, (almost certainly) drank too much, was (dangerously) short of funds, and found the slow pace of a small life back in the world so boring it made his teeth itch. His therapist said he would need time to acclimate, that John should make an effort to connect to someone--anyone--in a genuine way. But who did he have anything in common with, now? To find a friend seemed an impossible task, far more difficult even than finding someone who might be open to dinner and an amiable shag.
Running the razor down John’s cheek, up his throat, Sherlock licked his own lips, tasting the citrus scent of the after shave John had patted onto his newly smooth face. A once-a-year, special sort of foreplay, intimate and slightly dangerous, a grooming ritual that bonded them. Sherlock wiped the last of the soap from John’s jaw with a hot, damp towel, tilting his face this way and that to catch the light and assure he hadn’t missed any spots. A splash of stinging after shave that made John suck his teeth, was followed by a deep kiss that drove them both to reach for something to lean on or fall back against, lest their knees fail them.
Without skipping a beat, John shifted from addressing the crowd, and then his sister, to addressing Sherlock. He had to look backward over his shoulder to find Sherlock in the crowd, and once they’d fixed eyes on each other, John said, “And Sherlock Holmes, I’m lucky you’ve got my back.” Sherlock smiled at him, and winked, and John—clearly off script for just a moment, said, “I’ve got yours, too.”
Sherlock grimaced, reached for the nearby remote and paused the film they were watching, side by side on the sofa in their flat. “Of course; why do you ask?”
“I’ll open a bottle?” Sherlock wondered, snugging himself up against John’s side, mashing piles of pillows until they were comfortably nested together.
“May I?” Sherlock asked perfunctorily, already sweeping his way inside the flat. He took the other chair at the table, turned it, and sat backwards on it, knees splayed. “I need to make a playlist for my Christmas party. You seem to know about popular music--”
Steven closed in on him, and just the way he stepped so boldly into Sherlock’s space was disarming, made it clear he was not the sort of successful, powerful man who wished to slide into submission behind every closed door. He was master of his domain, no doubt, and Sherlock felt himself being claimed. Steven reached between them and unfastened the button on Sherlock’s suit jacket. His eyes were green, and stared. Sherlock’s mouth crooked up at one corner and he let himself be manhandled, his jacket slid from his shoulders and tossed onto a nearby chair, his sides and chest and the back of his shoulders evaluated by sliding palms and dragging fingers. Steven leaned in as if to kiss him and Sherlock lifted his chin to offer his throat instead; amenable to the redirection, Steven licked a narrow stripe up the side of his throat, tongued the lobe of his ear.
Sherlock became aware of restless noises from the back of the house—inside the cramped study off the kitchen—his father huffing impatiently and shuffling papers, scraping the chair’s feet against the lino.
“Yeah. Remember when she was about five, that stomach thing that went on for days and days,” John agreed. “She had hallucinations with that fever, too.”
“Oh, you got one, too? That’ll be Sherlock, as well,” she told him. "He pretends not to be sentimental, but every year at Christmas he makes everything so beautiful. Has his little party. He always gives me the most thoughtful gifts--lovely things I’d never get for myself. Last year it was a cashmere coat, my shade of red, with a bit of orange--I can’t wear blue-red, it makes me look sickly--cut so beautifully it reminded me of one I had in the 1960s, swinging London town, you know.”
John attempted a deep inhalation but it was clear he was so tense his body would not allow it. Sherlock vaguely worried he might hyperventilate and pass out. The colour in his face was very poor indeed.
“You know how it’s Granny’s birthday soon? I think Saturday or maybe Thursday?” Rosie asked, as ever flitting from topic to topic like a water bug skating over the surface of a pond. John reflexively pulled out his own phone and looked at his calendar.
There came a knock on John’s door just after lunch (he’d woken late, had a wank, and on returning from the shower, shut the door to finish dressing and just never got around to opening it again). He checked his teeth in the small mirror over the mantel and skimmed fingers through is fringe, and was already smiling when he opened the door.
“Oh, I can’t,” John said quickly, needing to fall back and regroup. “Sorry. I have to--” He motioned toward the door with head and hand, unable to put more detail into the lie.
Anyway. He has no fear of work. Has talents--for the flowers, and he draws, he’s an artist though he doesn’t know it. He’s kind. Hard when he needs to be, though, a real man. Kind to me. Always kind to me. He was a soldier in the war, his shoulder bothers him when the weather’s damp. Blue eyes.
No rush, now we’re here we’ve got the whole long night, rolling to his back to open his thighs, lying over him, atop and along him, slow rocking together, settling in to kiss and kiss, these lips that were so loved, this busy, bossy tongue and the way he guides and invites. Holds tight. Lets go. Tickles and tugs and cradles and scrapes. A fingertip sucked into his mouth. The tempo shifting.
Sherlock needed no second invitation and did as he was told. Within moments he was bracing himself with a flat palm against the wall in front of him, closing his eyes each time he caught sight of his face reflected in the glass of a picture frame hanging there. John’s fingers held him open, and with lips and tongue, he thoroughly reacquainted himself with every sucking, flicking, swirling way to elicit shudders and groans from Sherlock. For his part, Sherlock found a counter-sensation in the form of a sizable, fairly-fresh bruise on his shin, which he worked against the desk’s edge to spark it up. A shift of John’s posture moved the chair so that Sherlock could just barely settle his toes on its arm, a change of balance that let him rock against John’s probing tongue.
“Wondered if we might,” he said hesitantly. Could it be Sherlock did not know what John was asking? Maybe John had been right to think Sherlock didn’t go that way. “Go see a movie sometime. Maybe when the case is done. Solved.”
Steven had taken off his trousers, lay on the bed in his polo shirt, boxer shorts, and calf-high, brown socks. The condescending smirk returned to his face, accompanying a reprise of the derisive laugh. “Right. You play a game and call it a job. I took three days away from actual work to come here.”
“We’re going,” was John’s immediate, cheerful response. “That huge family? All that chaos? Their summer party was one of the happiest days I’ve spent. All the good bits of family time, none of the baggage.”
“No, but differences create interest.  I wonder how long before the counter-girl there knows your order off by heart.”
Sherlock braced himself for the inevitable, painful plot twist: Lestrade telling him to take a seat for the rest of the road trip, keep up the off-hours work, and we’ll start over back home in Boston next week.
Steven’s office did not disappoint: burled wood desk and button-tufted leather chairs; bookshelves of leather-bound volumes, not only for show—architecture and atlases, reflective of his vocation, but also sailing and ornithology, which must be his personal passions—one glass wall with a stunning city view; a few select awards and commendations, including a college diploma not from an Ivy or even one of the better respected business schools, but from the College of Washington State. Steven was a scrapper, up from nothing, American dream. He shut the door behind them.
John sent the job application at last. Needed the job (or. . .? If he got paid for going out on the council-estate staged-suicide case with Sherlock, maybe not?). Did not want the job. Wanted a drink at two in the afternoon. Glanced up through his open door into the foyer at every creak or crack he heard. Despite having been repeatedly shut down enough to have given up trying with (quirky!) Sherlock, there was no law against looking. A face like that, of course you look. Heads turned wherever Sherlock went--the cafe, the things-for-the-home shop, taxi drivers, cops and bystanders at the crime scene. Even Sir Paul had tracked Sherlock with his eyes as he paced the room during their meeting.
Sherlock was in fact deeply unhappy, dressed every night but with his mask on a table behind him and his arse on a stool, instead of in goal where he belonged. No need to shower after games; he undressed and disappeared as quick as he could, avoiding conversation in the room other than the expected attaboys for his teammates after a win. Once he’d skated out to give LoPresti the requisite pat on the helmet and a quick word or two of praise—“good game” said as little or as much as Sherlock wished to say without raising suspicion of sour grapes—he didn’t look at him again.
“I wonder if I could persuade you to take some notes for me. I’ve a meeting with a client.” Sherlock, quickly assessing John’s confounded expression, added, “I’m a detective. Consulting Detective, the only one, a title I gave myself. Here’s my card.”
Sherlock hummed, if not agreement, at least acquiescence. “I’ll let you go,” he said, with some reluctance.
“On my way to do just that,” Sherlock snipped, stepping into the bath and shutting the door firmly behind him. His reflection in the mirror over the sink showed pink blotches on his throat and cheeks, and his face did have a rather clammy appearance. His head did ache, though he hadn’t bothered to notice it until John spoke up. His stomach, too, didn’t feel entirely right. The idea of swallowing anything in the medicine chest did not appeal. He ran the cold tap and splashed his face until he couldn’t breathe.  He’d live with the headache.
To the three guys firing on him—John, Mellon, and Bouchard—Raynham called out, “Go stick side high, one out of three. Fire away.”
more intense than those anyone else—hence communicating them to others was all but a fool’s errand. Instead of swimming about in the muck of it all, people said things like, “I’m fine. That’s nice. That’s no good. I love you.” Simple, meaningless things that acknowledged the existence of emotion without going too far into them, lest we accidentally stick our hands in too deep and spill blood on the carpet.
“No doubt because he was imagining you under your suit,” he corrected, and Sherlock sucked a breath of shock.
“Come to think of it, I will have the goat karahi. Stay away from the shrimp if you want to live through the night. Left out the door, then the next left, about two hundred steps up the road--Joy Curry.”
“I’ll probably always love you, Sherlock. For a bit, there, I thought we might, I don’t know, try again. But. We’re never going to find a way past all these same things that wrecked us. It’s just not something we were made for. If we could have, we would have by now. Long ago.” He gestured at the distant past, way out of their reach. “It’s too bad. But what’s to be done?”
Sherlock, formerly sated and then quickly riled up and adrenalized with anger, was backward-crashing toward exhaustion. His reply was sincere, if bland. “Wish I was there, too. Or you here.” At least if John was the occupant of the suite’s other bedroom, Sherlock would not have had to scrub his hands raw to remove every trace molecule of anti-anxiety medication and coke dust, lest he accidentally remind his brain how lovely drugs were by absently putting a finger in his mouth. Among his many other fine qualities, John Watson was a good buffer. He’d even discarded his own pain medication rather than put Sherlock at risk of relapse.
“For the upstairs bedroom. Your flat has no kitchen or bath, and it’s damp. We would both save on rent.”
In Sherlock’s room, John fidgeted with whatever came to hand—an antimacassar draped over the back of Sherlock’s armchair, the corner of the pillowslip, the handle of the wardrobe—and his breath was huffy. Sherlock unbuttoned his coat and had to wait for John to step aside before hanging it inside the wardrobe. As he did, John sat heavily on the edge of the bed, tapping his feet restlessly against the floorboards. Moving to unfasten his shirt cuffs, Sherlock smoothed his voice as he asked, “Something’s bothering you?”
“Change of plans,” John smiled at her. “What do you say we go to the shop and see if they’ve got any new cats in? And you can choose what we have for our supper tonight.”
“You’re all right.” Sherlock ran fingers through John’s hair, then down the side of his neck. After a few silent moments, John’s breath quieted, and he sighed, blinking heavily.
Steven had again requested permission to penetrate him, and again Sherlock had declined, though he didn’t hate the idea. Instead Steven lay on the bed with one hand behind his head like a reclining emperor, while Sherlock curled up beside his thigh and sucked his average-in-every-way prick. Steven’s free hand held Sherlock too tight by the ankle, then shoulder, and at last clenched hard around his wrist. Sherlock received no praise, nor even any real reciprocity. Once Steven had come on Sherlock’s chin and cheek, he watched with little interest as Sherlock jerked himself, then offered a disconcerting smirk in the wake of Sherlock’s orgasm that made him feel self-conscious.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied, looking pleased. His face immediately collapsed into vexation. “I’ve been up all night writing them,” he confessed. “A hundred and twelve to clients, seventeen to family, three to friends.”
Sherlock immediately assumed the worst, that John had been browsing league news and there was something in the press about Sherlock being busted to the AHL, or being put on leave, or traded.
“That’s done,” he announced, satisfied with himself, not fishing for praise but far from averse to it, should it come.
“You’ve already consented; don’t repeat yourself. I’ll meet you downstairs in twenty minutes. Bring a hat.”
Sherlock kissed a triplet-trail along John’s bicep, then moved to leave the bed. “I’m ordering breakfast, cleaning my teeth, then we’ll see if we can get off in time not to greet the room service waiter naked.”
“Right.” Sherlock nodded, even faked a grin. “I imagine your wife would appreciate that. Both of those.”
The flat looked like something out of a ladies’ magazine. Two Christmas trees, one in front of each window on the Baker Street side, decorated in shades of cream and antique gold--doves and bows, candles, gift boxes and glass baubles crusted with glitter--and the mantel draped in pine and topped with battery-operated candles that could pass for real. The big table John had first seen covered with towering stacks of flammable clutter was covered with an ancient-looking, delicate lace cloth over a deep green one. There were pine wreaths and ribbon swags on every wall, twinkling fairy lights in the trees giving a soft glow to the room. Low arrangements of blowsy off-white roses decorated the coffee table and the octagonal cabinet beside the big grey leather armchair.
They walked the last half-block without speaking. John cleared his throat and outwardly composed himself, though his gut ached with the familiar roiling sensation of imminent disaster. He was failing her, again, and hating himself, again. But without time or energy just then to go on scolding himself for bad behaviour, he tightened it all down, and even forced some cheer into his voice as he said, “Here we are, then. Only three minutes later than I’d hoped. Got everything you need?”
Seated on the rolling leather desk chair, bent deeply forward, John went on teasing Sherlock’s cock to life with open-mouthed kisses, even as he tucked his fingers into Sherlock’s waistband and began urging down his trousers, humming encouragement when he had breath and space for it. Sherlock gathered John’s t-shirt by handfuls at his back and pulled it up, up, finally over and off when John pulled away to get his breath.
“Course you don’t owe me anything. I thought we had a good time—let’s have a few more. While we’re both here. Not working.”
“No. I only got up before breakfast and then got dressed and came here. I haven’t been awake all day yet!” She gave him an intense look that implied he was asking a very silly question indeed.
Rosie giggled and moved to receive Sherlock’s offered hug. “It’s not the best one,” she said. “Have you even seen them all?”
Steven kept pounding hard between his thighs, his hips smacking loudly against Sherlock’s arse. In time with it, he grunted out, “Yeah. You. Will.” He changed the angle, thrusting upward, holding Sherlock’s hip in place, challenging Sherlock’s balance. “Come. Come. Come on,
It was hours before Sherlock replied to his text asking about Mrs Hudson’s birthday; Rosie was asleep and John had already scolded himself twice that it was really time he put down his phone and close his eyes, but the sofa he slept on was particularly uncomfortable that night, and he had rearranged himself and his bedding countless times. After completely stripping the blankets off the sofa and switching his head to the opposite end, he’d started browsing flats to let, anywhere in shouting distance of Rose’s school. The rental fees would have made him laugh if he weren’t so discouraged by them.
“Good, then. I’ll check in with you. Coach Whitehouse will be in touch later today to set up some one-on-one time. Make sure you take advantage of it.”
Sherlock was already stretched out on the sofa by the time John—devastating in his dove-grey summer suit, pink shirt, and lavender necktie—arrived home from his first proper workday as the figurehead of the Heads Up Foundation.
It was late, and he was tired, and his ankle throbbed, and his head was muzzy from the wine. He swallowed paracetamol and water, went through the motions, found his way in the dark to the bed, which welcomed him, but not to sleep, which waited on the other side of a shut door. There were shelves of pretty lacquer boxes, and he opened a particular one. Drew from inside it a weighty, high-polished piece of obsidian smooth as a river stone and just a bit too big for him to close his hand around. There was box on the far right, bottom shelf, which he thought of as
“I was—” Sherlock blurted, then caught himself. Took three steps back in the story and started to explain. “I have a case,” he began. “And Watson was occupied with other things. I only needed to cross-reference some topographical maps against tide schedules and—”
“Christ, Sherlock! He’s joking.” John was embarrassed but not actually angry. Even still, Sherlock thought it best not to press further lest he tip John over the edge, and so took his rhetoric down a few notches to the generally accepted conversational level.
Sherlock punched the pillow beside George’s head, opening his fist to leave behind the drugs; George scrambled to catch it all before it fell and became lost between the bed and the wall.
“We really should have thought to dovetail our roadtrips,” Sherlock mused, not wanting to trade his post-orgasmic melting sensation for a stress-induced tightening quite so soon, but the schedule of the upcoming weeks insisted upon causing consternation. “You’ve three nights on the west coast?”
John looked uncertainly at the clock on the mantel, out the window at the weather, at Rosie’s hands busy arranging an army of plastic cats into rows. Finally at Sherlock then away again toward the kitchen. “I don’t know, darling,” he began.
His hand flew to John’s forehead, fingers combing through his fringe, laying everything back in its proper place. He did it so quickly that he had finished even before John’s quick-changing expression had arrived at amusement from alarm via a warning glance toward the lady of the house.
The car slowed, then pulled up alongside a curb in front of a glass and steel high-rise, and Sherlock seized the moment to resolve any lingering wistfulness and cue up the return of their deep need to be naked together at the soonest possible moment. “Is this the place? In the nick of time.”
John swept a hand along the floor, gathering his clothes, clicked off the lamp, and went to the bathroom to dress.
. Sherlock tapped to answer but before he got a word out, John said, “Let me tell you all about how I’m going to eat your arse out for hours, when I see you.”
“Yes, it fucking matters,” John said, too loud. Looked around himself at no one and lowered his voice. “When Rosie’s come down with what is—I don’t know if you’ve heard—a pretty damn dangerous flu, it matters how it developed. What was her temperature when you checked it?”
John obliged, bracing himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, weighing down onto his belly and chest, crushing into him with force and urgency. John’s mouth came open against Sherlock’s neck, and his tongue was thick and warm, his teeth pressing hard.
She made a show of protesting but ultimately agreed. Having taken her tablet with her, they both knew no matter what the physical outcome, she’d linger a while, giving them room to talk without searching for euphemisms or quick-spelling longer synonyms of the words they’d otherwise say aloud.
“That’s delicious,” John praised, and balanced the foot of his glass on his knee, fingers and thumb on the stem. Once upon a time there had been ten matching glasses. John had complained about not being able to find exact matches to replace the fallen seven.
John turned and stepped across to draw Sherlock into his arms, leaning back to see him, with hands clasped behind Sherlock’s waist.
Hello, Mother. I’ve brought you these. They’re from the hothouse, of course; we’d never have roses in December otherwise. I think you liked these, with the blush of pink at the heart. Quite a bit cheerier than these bare branches hanging over you--there--break these off--set them here, I’ll take them when I go.
The bartender set down their rocks glasses and Sherlock passed one to John. “However do you find eager party boys to shag, in that case?”
Sherlock started the game in Chicago and the Mavericks got one by him in the first forty seconds. Less than two minutes later, another. He held them off the rest of the night, but it was a slog, and the Brawlers’ offense couldn’t penetrate. They left Chicago with another in the loss column.
“An Elvis song.” John shook his head, grinning. “Maybe you could invent the cocktail, though. Here, I’ve added two versions of the song, one early in the evening and one later.”
The puck dropped; the game was on. Sherlock tensed and slid slightly toward his stick side, head tilting to keep the puck-carrier in view. Kocur was there to defend him, and Mellon jitterbugged around the shooting lane, pestering the Thrashers’ offense. A furious one-timer rang the post and deflected to the middle; rebound; wrist-shot. . . Sherlock snatched the puck from the air as if it were traveling in slow motion. Save by Holmes.
“I’m not trying to get in your head, Holmes,” Raynham tried to reassure him. “I just want to make sure we’re looking at everything.”
It was not as if he hadn’t been around pills and cocaine in the time since he’d got clean; he was a professional hockey player, after all, and the reason there’d never been a league-wide doping scandal was not because players didn’t use drugs. Most players’ duffels held at least one prescription bottle, and the team doctor had everything they could want, gave everything they asked for. But before rooming with John, he’d mostly been paired with the veteran players—Bouchard, Kocur, and early on, Gerhardt for a season—and they were family men with more to lose, tended toward avoiding pain relief stronger than what one could buy in a pharmacy without presenting ID. None smoked, none drank to excess. Even Thurston, who was a bit of a stereotype in every other fashion, had not been a partier, other than when it came to chatting up women. To have to spend every night on the road sharing close quarters with sleeping pills, cocaine, and who knew what else, did not feel entirely a tolerable proposition.
“I’ll take care of them, Eansworth,” Mrs Holmes dismissed him. “I just thought you’d want to see the boys before they go.”
Sherlock did not ask how his brother came to have his calendar. “I do, in fact, and if Mother doesn’t set John loose directly we’ll be late for it.”
“That would tend to make me hold on to it,” Sherlock replied. “But whether it was him that said it or someone else, it’s true it doesn’t make good financial sense to pay a mortgage on a place I only use a few weeks a year.”
The drawing Ms Shea handed over to them was not instantly recognizable as anything obvious—house, human figures, sunshine, animal—but did give a distinct impression of goriness. There were great swaths of red, and as Sherlock went on looking, he made out the shapes of bones (to be exact, a femur, and a broken one that might have been an ulna, as it was quite thin and not very long). There were large eyes, also red. Many triangles, edged in red: bloody fangs.
boy,” John murmured at him, an almost-cooing contemplation; Sherlock sighed, and wanted. “Pretty lips,” John whispered, and dragged them apart with the downward drag of a thumb Sherlock chased with his tongue-tip.
Emerging onto the landing, John encountered a low cloud of pale grey smoke. Sherlock stood by his cooktop wearing an oven glove, plastic eye-protecting goggles hanging just below his chin, and yet another dressing gown, this one wine-coloured. He waved a tea towel at the nearest smoke detector.
As he started out into the hallway, on his way to the bath, Sherlock came down the steps, and in his hand was a thick stack of the red envelopes.
John leaned and scanned until he spotted the bottle among decidedly not foodsafe glassware and retrieved it. “I’ll pour you one?” he offered. Sherlock hummed assent.
Back in their seats, Rosie went into her bag of artificial-fruit-scented slow-flowing-liquid sweets and fastened her eyes on the screen. Sherlock leaned his chin in his hand, elbow on his seat’s arm rest.
“You do it,” John murmured, and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s low back before leaning away again. “You do what you like.” He turned his wrist. “Go on. Let me see.”
To add insult to the injury of arrival in sub-zero Chicago at two in the morning, the team were informed once they’d boarded the bus that they would be in double rooms instead of suites. Sherlock hoped George was not a snorer.
Rosie’s feet had emerged from her rain boots pale and clammy and wrinkled, her socks damp with perspiration that smelled of absolutely nothing. She dressed for bed, self-reliant but still unself-conscious, delivering continuous patter while Sherlock fluffed her pillow and pulled back the bedding to make an envelope for her. A tilt of his head and a comically expectant look from Sherlock reminded her to drop her clothes into the round pink laundry hamper. Sherlock didn’t rush her; it was the weekend and so the schedule could be left a bit of breathing room. Once she’d arranged cuddly toys and blankets to her liking, put on socks then taken them off a few minutes later, and yawned twice, Sherlock assumed his station on the edge of the mattress and opened their book. Of course it had been several days since they’d last read, so he had to reverse a bit and remind them both of recent story-events. While he read out the chapter, Rosie wordlessly guided her fashion doll through some basic balletic choreography.
“Oh! Nearly forgot.” He shifted and went into his hip pocket, drew out Sherlock’s third-best, most-favourite wristwatch and leaned forward to pass it over. “Still ticking.”
“Touched your hand when you passed over his pay, didn’t he?” John’s bright eyes were dark with jealousy Sherlock did not know what to do with.
Near midnight, John was pacing the lane through the sitting room to the kitchen and back again, still wearing his shoes, looking as if he were searching for something. Sherlock, shirt cuffs unbuttoned, folded himself into his leather chair and rubbed at his temples. Headaches were rare for him, but emotionally taxing situations brought them on. He could feel his pulse in his forehead.
“She’s the best,” John said. “I’m sure when the Brawlers retire twenty-two, your brother will be there, wiping his eyes with his monogrammed hanky.”
John ran a hand up between his thighs, slid the flat of his fingers in and out between them just below Sherlock’s bum, intimating what he wished to do next. Sherlock met his own eyes reflected in the picture’s glass, and the skin of his scalp and arms crawled with memory, which would never do.
“Of course. I’ll make a few calls on your behalf, but after that I shall vanish from the situation unless and until further assistance is required.”
Which was a thing he’d done a great deal of with Sherlock, come to think of it, in their last year or so together. Somewhere along the way he’d begun to substitute contempt for his former admiration of Sherlock’s work, his taste, his parenting, the telly he chose, the way he wore his coat. John realised he’d felt closest to Sherlock in the early days, when they were working together, and then, later, when Sherlock occasionally surprised him by taking the lead with Rosie’s care—changing a nappy without being asked, getting up for the two a.m. feed or to reassure her after a nightmare, running her bath after dinner so John could read the paper. John was white-knuckling his way through raising his girl, always, even seven years on, and to have a little of the burden lifted helped him downshift to a place where he could relax and meet Sherlock in the middle.
Dinner was strange, and indigestion-inducing; Sherlock, at least, had eaten too fast in an effort to get it overwith. John had flashed no fewer than twenty-six of his fake half-grins, indicating he was defensive and poised to spring, though the conversation between them had been limited. Sherlock talked to Rosie. John talked to Rosie. Rosie babbled and blathered in the happy way of children on pizza night. It came clear over the course of an hour that the new hot thing with the Year Two set was something to do with inch-high plastic cats in various colour combinations, collectible and boosted up by relentless advertising and an animated web-series.
“Forgive me, I got my calendar mixed up,” Sherlock replied, and reached for the door, pushing it shut and cutting off any further need for playacting for his parents’ benefit.
“Can’t have Rosie seeing me come out of this room in the morning and getting wrong ideas,” John said, matter-of-fact and distant, that way he had become. After a moment, he sighed quietly and Sherlock could see his head shake, in the corner of his field of vision, then closed his eyes not to see more. “Anyway, it’s not like anything’s changed.”
that!” she snapped. John moved to do the washing up not only because it needed doing, but because the running water might drown out some of the whinging. “Don’t say I’m a treat and is it bedtime!” she shouted after him.
Their tube of slick was where they’d left it, beneath a rumpled pillow, and John fished it out, twisted off the cap between his teeth and spit it. A cold spurt against Sherlock’s hip bone, the tapping rattle as the tube hit the floor somewhere off to their left, and then a sweep of John’s palm, and he pumped Sherlock’s prick with slippery fingers. Sherlock arched his back and gasped.
Sherlock hummed agreement, returning to his phone to read the morning’s news headlines. There was a lengthy silence while George finished his coffee, and Sherlock began to wonder why he hadn’t yet moved away from the table.
“Have you tried calling him?” John asked, and he did begin to feel mildly alarmed, though he was aware at times Mrs Hudson had only piecemeal information and might very well be conflating two unrelated facts. Nonetheless, he walked to the waiting room, where a television set hung in one corner. It was Sherlock’s day to pick up Rosie from school so she could be with him for his birthday; certainly he wouldn’t have been doing significant, might-wreck-Rosie’s-schedule casework a few hours before the end of her school day.
Sherlock, standing in front of him, knew he had to get him moving not only because they couldn’t live on a wooden scaffold several yards out from the face of a cliff, but because the walkway was so narrow that anyone coming up behind them would have trouble moving around them—particularly given the fact John did not seem inclined to let go of even one of the handrails.
. As he neared the finish, John cleared his throat and snapped the dishtowel before returning it to its hook over the sink.
, he texted back. Whispered conversation under cover of darkness—John’s memories were of a list of terrible wonders and cherished regrets. Every night was a danger night, after a certain hour. His own temptation to feed Sherlock’s ooze of emotion right back to him was fierce, easily recognisable as a potential dive into disaster. An invitation to further wounding. They’d only just—finally—settled things back into place; John could see the inherent risk in shaking it up and pouring it out. Expecting to make fresh sense of the same mess, rearranged.
“Maybe. Meet an NHLer; don’t know that it mattered it was me. They’re so excited about hockey. All the way back up here, I kept thinking, Was I like that?”
“Enormous salary. Property in two countries. Non-profit foundation supporting special needs children.”
“Nothing exciting. Forgeries. Financial shenanigans.” Sherlock’s shins were still scabbed from his last case; for the moment he was relieved for something he could do in daylight, on borrowed computers.
She sank into her usual posture, school rucksack on her back and the purple overnight bag sagging beside her feet. There were clothes and pyjamas and toys and books enough for her upstairs, but it seemed she had new favourites every week. Things she wanted close by, to remind her of John while she visited. Things to show off to Sherlock. This time there was a book about rocks she’d borrowed from the school library, two fashion dolls and their own little bag full of clothes and tiny shoes and miniscule hair brush, and the little flannel blanket she’d dragged around behind her for the best part of her first four years. John had seen it rumpled up in the bag when he’d put in her glittering pink trainers (lately she only wanted to wear rain boots), but hadn’t mentioned it or asked her about it. Let her find comfort where she needed to.
“Fine with me,” Sherlock agreed. The tequila was as terrible as it was expensive, and he longed to get the taste out of his mouth.
In the end, he did not say anything  to John about George’s glass vial of cocaine or his handful of unbottled tranquiliser tablets. Save something to talk about between goes, in John’s hotel room in Vancouver. Soon.
She rolled and reached, helping herself, her fingers sliding over the screen and changing the ratio, losing his place. John sighed and pushed his reading glasses to the top of his head, massaged the headache out of his eyes with thumb and two fingers. “It’s not even a game,” he grumbled.
John still looked a bit startled, but pleasantly so. After a moment he shook off the semi-stupour and asked, “Shall we have that swim now?”
Inside was a hand-written note of thanks from someone he had never heard of, appreciative of his assistance in the case being investigated by Sherlock Holmes. Enclosed please find a cheque--
“Your dad will pick you up after school.” He touched her hair again, and she leaned away but didn’t protest. “Go on, then. Remember: only half of what they teach you is true.”
“Sir Paul, my assistant John Watson. He’ll be making a temporary record of our discussion which I shall guard with my life.” He gestured toward John, who automatically stuck out his hand.
General knowledge presented the fact that half of all romantic partnerships failed; theirs was not a special case, and in fact two men as intelligent as them (in particular as intelligent as Sherlock) should have known it was doomed to fail. Then again, statistics were general, and not reliably applied to any single experimental group in a given sample (as evidenced by their outlier status in several measures of the “average” couple: both men, met older, never married. Also, idiots). Relationships failed, and theirs had failed, but it was impossible to say whether they were the rule or the exception. General knowledge was clearly not going to be helpful in deducing the best course forward.
“Rosamund Watson,” John said, and he and Sherlock began to write. Rosie turned her page sideways—ignoring the lines to suit her purpose, a somewhat advanced approach to problem-solving for her age—and wrote
“It was—” John said then, and turned his gaze away when Sherlock met it. “Thanks for making me. It was good.”
Sherlock slipped his feet from his loafers, set one ankle on the opposite knee and wriggled his toes. His socks were silk blend, nearly sheer, with reinforced toes and a few thick seams reminiscent of ladies’ stockings. John’s exhalation was audible, and his hand landed possessively on Sherlock’s ankle.
Sherlock let himself be introduced to the new plastic cat and all its gear, and allowed Rosie to ramble throughout their meal. John kept quiet, but indulged tired-looking, closed-lipped smiles now and then. The wine was not as good as Sherlock remembered, and he wondered if he’d bought the wrong bottle, but he refilled his glass twice, and John did as well, and by the time Sherlock was snugged up against Rosie on the sofa, watching videos of other children playing the cats’ video game, while John did the washing up, Sherlock was edge-softened and his ears were pleasantly warm.
John was truly smiling by then, and they were only a few steps away from the promised platform and a less dramatic exposure to open space. “Did we win?”
Sherlock went into the bedroom, slid open the lowest drawer in the wardrobe and withdrew blankets and pillow folded together specifically for the purpose, carried them out to the sofa, a silent acknowledgement that of course John was correct. But that shouldn’t stop him staying, when it was by then so late. Sherlock heard a familiar creak as John sat on the edge of Rosie’s bed, probably clearing a messy tangle of blonde hair away from her face, or stroking the soft back of her hand. Sherlock undressed, killed the light and slid between cold bed sheets with a mild shiver. He left the bedroom door open, because even though John was correct, it shouldn’t automatically stop him from crossing the old, familiar threshold, when it was what they both had by then said they wanted.
He sent a frantic text to Alex George near-begging him to throw any of Sherlock’s belongings he saw around the suite into his bag and bring it to the arena. He summoned a car, knowing he’d never make it. The expression of snide amusement on Steven’s face nearly razed him; he felt scattered and small, splintered to bits.
“Nope, Dad even said I ate a good breakfast,” she answered, and flopped onto the red armchair opposite him. Sherlock could see her eyeing the threadbare spot on its left arm, the twitch of her hand as she denied herself fulfillment of the urge to pick and scratch at it, to make a proper hole in the fabric.
that could have meant anything. Sherlock kept his eyes closed as he was pulled and pushed, maneuvered onto his back, gripping John’s arms above the elbows as John’s wine-sweet mouth pressed hard against his own. The mattress rolled like a calm sea under John’s knee, and Sherlock parted his lips to lick into his mouth, harsher than any of their habitual kisses. John’s tongue filled his mouth, and Sherlock had to swallow.
Sherlock’s shoulders pinched back upward. He’d asked John a similar question when Rosie was still an infant, squalling—an appropriate word; she stormed in short bursts between periods of sunny tranquility—through every night, deepening Sherlock’s forehead creases and putting shadows under John’s already puffy eyes.
