“Well congratulations on all that and on the family.” the Alpha inclined his head down towards Peter with an understanding smile that warmed both Steve and Tony right down to their hearts. “Absolutely beautiful. I’ll give you a call when the puppy’s ready to go, and you just call me if you have any questions in the meantime?”
“That sounds peaceful.” Tony said wistfully. “I don’t know the last time I spent an evening in an art studio.”
against his mouth, Steve swept his tongue only lightly, only gently along a full bottom lip and let the tip of his fangs dig in for a heart stopping few seconds.
“Enough to pay my mortgage for the next two months.” Steve admitted, and Bucky choked over an unfortunate inhale of pepperoni. “Yeah, remember all the times you teased me about being artsy and nerdy? Which one of us is making gross amounts of money right now?”
, you will either tell me what’s wrong with Tony or get the fuck outta my way so I can check on, or I’m gonna rip your arm off and beat you to death with it.”
ripple through his voice, but any time someone asked about his short lived professional career, it usually ended with questions about dollar signs or famous friends and he hated it. “Only for a couple years, then I joined the army with my best friend Bucky. I got into art after we were discharged.”
lonely but I don’t want to fix that by wearing uncomfortable clothes and eating fancy food and suffering through drinking wine from some region in Europe I’ve never heard of.”
“Don’t worry about them.” Steve settled further into the couch with Tony as Bucky and Natasha wandered away to get more food and more than likely, to gossip. “Bucky’s my oldest friend and he and Tash hooked up on our first tour so she’s been around a long time too. They’re intense but good people. Once they get to know you they’ll love you. Promise.”
….and across town in his loft, Steve nearly dropped his phone in his paint pallet when the text from Tony came through.
“Uh yeah.” The Alpha cleared his throat and tried for a tone of voice that didn’t give away the fact that he was
. Couples who spy together stay together.” Bucky laughed when his mate rolled her eyes. “C’mon it’ll be our couples activity for the week. We decided those were important since we’re workin’ separate now, you know?”
“Why Mr. Rogers.” Tony let his eyes twinkle over the rim of the wine glass. “Are you trying to get me drunk? My glass is still half full and you're ready to give me more? That doesn't seem very
and didn’t care. I don’t have anything to prove to him, I don’t have anything to throw in his face. Why would I weaponize my happiness to bother Howard when Howard was never bothered by what he did to me?”
“That makes me real happy, Tony.” Encouraged by the willing exchange, Steve stayed a few seconds longer, hovering between the door and the chair waiting to see if the Omega would give him a sign that he should stay. “I know we usually go a couple weeks between dates, but just going ten days felt like an extra long time this time. Probably cos we were in separate time zones?”
trouser centric activities you could be doing! Even ones that involve cleaning! The phrase is ‘cleaning your pipes’! Why are you suddenly taking a vow of abstinence? Nobody likes that decision!”
It was a gorgeous house, well worth every single penny of the outrageous mortgage, consistently ranked on lists of best brownstones in the neighborhood and meant to be home to a family who wanted to live and grow and make memories in the spacious halls and welcoming rooms.
“I missed you too.” Tony buried his nose in Peter’s soft hair and inhaled sleepy baby scent. “Peggy. Thank you for keeping him for me.”
“There’s no Alpha around here, is there?” he asked abruptly, and Tony shook his head. “The old gal I saw ya with comin’ out of the Hotel Brooklyn?”
“I feel like it’s not.” Clint bared his fangs in a wildly aggravating grin and followed Tony across the diner to deliver his plates as well. “You’re getting laid less now living in the same house than you were when you lived way over here in this shitty part of town. What gives?”
“Hi baby.” he sang softly, and Peter grabbed sleepily at his shirt to hold him close. “Baby baby, my favorite baby, how are you?”
, because he was desperate to do something to help and all he could do was send money and hope Tony was feeling well enough to use it. “Order some bulk supplies to get you through the next few weeks, put in a few days worth of take out orders, pay a few utility bills, I don’t really care. Just use my card and get yourself squared away.”
The Omega thought for a moment, about the clothes he didn’t need anymore now that Steve had provided them, the groceries the Alpha had insisted he buy for another few weeks while Tony was still trying to catch up from being sick, the bills that had been paid on time already and should be paid with no issue next month. He didn’t necessarily
The studio apartment he called home was four rickety flights of stairs up and at the end of a dingy, dimly lit hallway with carpet that grew mold every time it rained and doors that stuck in the summer heat. It always smelled like old fast food, Tony was almost positive someone was selling drugs out of the apartment three doors down and there were some nights the police were called multiple times to the building.
“But it’s done really great things to everything else about my life so you’ll have to deal.” Bucky flopped down into the nearest chair and spread his hands out, gesturing for Steve to keep talking. “Tell me what’s up.”
“We’re gonna have more fun in a minute.” Steve crouched next to Peter and pointed the toddler towards a display stacked with massive teddy bears. “See those bears, bud? You want one?”
“Welcome home.” The way Tony’s hips moved in the heels was incredible and Steve couldn’t look away, could barely get his eyes focused and mouth in motion to accept a sweet kiss from his boyfriend, then the whiskey glass pressed into his palm. “Dinner will be ready in twenty minutes, why don’t you go clean up and then join me?”
through his body, shivering beneath his skin and tipping his head back to open up his throat, flushing his already swollen scent
happens and it all comes crashing down. We met on an app, Steve paid for my company, I sort of lied to him for months and now what-- now I’m supposed to just believe and accept that we get to live in a mansion and Peter gets giant toys and a car bed and my favorite wine will always be in house and the Alpha will never get tired of painting canvases inspired by me and the way the sunrise catches the light in my eyes?”
that was echoed in her solid stance and piercing gaze. “I’m Hope. We’ve heard a lot about you, it’s nice to finally meet the mysterious boyfriend.”
“It’s fine.” Tony pressed at Steve’s palm, heart rate jumping when the Alpha squeezed his hand gently. “What were you going to say about money?”
in the Alpha’s scent. A strand of red hair got wound around chubby fingers, he blinked up into her green eyes and dimpled into a smile sweet enough to make the Alpha light headed. “Tash.”
“Nothing about having your dick in my mouth--” Steve squawked in alarm, and Tony muffled a laugh into the soldier’s chest. “-- ruins any moment. Get used to it Spangles. I like sex with you and boy howdy am I gonna talk about it.”
“I think I’ve gotten more sleep in the past three days than I have in the past three years.” the Omega admitted with a strained laugh. “Steve bought us some of the mesh gates that go around the bed so I don’t have to worry about Peter falling off in the middle of the night so I just sleep like I’m--”
“It it extremely rude to tear someone’s clothes.” Tony grinned. “You’ll have to replace them, you know.”
Tony hadn’t realized his heart was racing, skin tight with anxiety until the text came through and he could suddenly breathe again. It was such a
“Anything you want.” the blond promised softly. He took the stairs two at a time to get Tony to bed as soon as possible and kept all but one light off as he lay the Omega down in the pillows. “I’ll be right back.”
“Alright, then.” Peggy blew the baby a quick kiss and crooned comfortingly at Tony. “Come down and knock on the door if you change your mind. Good night, honey.”
“I--” Tony’s stomach swooped with nerves when Steve rumbled his name, lips parting in surprise and then opening further in an unconscious
“Oh shit.” Steve dragged Peter out before Peter could get to him and wrapped both arms around his little frame, squeezing the toddler gratefully. “Oh my god, I was so sure you’d get hurt. You okay? Just bonked your head? You hurt?”
with a parent Omega, usually spouting some outdated bullshit about the Omegas being stretched out and ruined and never truly loyal if they hadn’t even managed to be loyal to the baby’s
“You don’t need luck, babe. He’s going to love you.” Clint smacked a kiss to Tony’s cheek. “Text me and tell me how it goes.”
“There’s my minute man.” Tony was giggling, a little tongue tied and blushing, reaching for Steve eagerly as soon as they landed on the bed, moaning when Steve went right to work on the dress, trying to help in discarding the pretty but vintage modest underclothes, opening in
The sweet Alpha pulled the jeweled barrette from her hair and slipped it onto Tony’s shirt where she’d tucked the ends, pinning it in place for some extra security. “Now then. Shouldn’t come undone unless someone is
Tony poked and prodded at Steve’s stomach until he found a comfortable place to snooze on. “Might even be on my kink list-- asphyxiation via American Icon.”
thing to do-- admitting to being absolutely stupid when presented with a naked Omega, and Tony had to laugh a little bit.
Softer, “I could paint for years and never quite capture exactly how it looks but I’m sure gonna try cos it’s gorgeous.
“I haven’t used the gift certificate you got me back in March.” he admitted, and when Steve pulled a face, he hurried to add, “But I took the day off for my birthday since I can afford to do that this year and I booked the morning at the spa already.”
“Multiple orgasms increases our chances too.” Steve sealed his lips to Tony’s nipple and suckled purposefully, nibbling just enough to make Tony shiver, matching the pull and twist of his tongue to each stroke of his hand up and down Tony’s cock. “Gonna come again while you’re plugged up full of me?”
Tony was still laughing over Steve being so ridiculous as they left the store, earrings on and bag in hand and with Steve subtly tucking the left over money from the watch into Tony’s bag. “Oh no wait, I don’t need that. Steve, you should keep the money.”
“I've got more in the kitchen.” Steve piled his silverware on his plate, then reached for Tony's plate as well. “Do you want to take left over spaghetti home? I can box it up for you.”
work for your life outside of being with me, then.” Steve decided. “How do you feel about diamonds?”
“I don’t know if you need it or not.” Steve linked their fingers together and turned down the street towards one of his favorite sandwich shops. “But
The Alpha only rumbled, deep and consolatory, vibrating through his core and making Tony shiver as Steve gathered him in closer, then closer again, smoothing his hands down Tony’s back to press them together chest to chest, nudging his knee between Tony’s legs so the Omega’s weight was half resting on him, and settling one hand low at the curve of Tony’s hip, burying the other fingers into Tony’s hair to keep the Omega just
“Well, if you’re in the market for a puppy, Excelsior’s lady just had a litter.” the Alpha fumbled for his phone in his pocket, and held it up so the mated pair could see the dark red Dam and the litter of puppies ranging from as strikingly golden as Excelsior to nearly white. “They’ll be ready to go to new homes in a few weeks.”
“Oh.” The Omega’s eyes went wide, then purposefully hooded, pink tongue sweeping out to lick the last of the wine from his lips. “I could be okay with being kissed right now.”
“Okay then.” Steve fought against a smile, trying to look serious and stern as he pointed his fork at Tony. “I’m going to go get spoil-worthy towels.”
Bucky just shrugged, “I dunno, I was only half listening when Tasha was watching some documentary. But the point stands, you need to get laid. Take some of the stress away, make you smile a little bit, and then maybe the painting thing would work. When was the last time you got a knot off?”
“C’mere.” It took nothing at all for Steve to lift Tony, holding the Omega steady with one arm and using his other arm to direct Tony’s legs around his waist. “Can I take you to bed?”
“Yes sir.” Tony blushed as he not subtly showed off his ring since the silver at his neck was covered by a scarf. “Just a few months bonded.”
“Y-yeah.” Tony nuzzled into Steve’s chest and breathed in the steadying scent of cedar. “That sounds good. Bring me some wine?”
the other Alpha into the nearest wall. The light above them rattled and plaster dust rained down on their shoulders as the wall shuddered beneath the blow, and Bucky gulped back his instinctive reaction to
out of that situation. Having to barricade the door, hearing gunshots and the police at all hours of the night-- even back in the old neighborhood in Brooklyn Steve had been safer than that growing up and it tore him up six different ways knowing Tony and the sweet little kid had been through that all night every night. “You didn’t fail, Tony. You didn’t.”
into the baby’s ears. “Oh my god, you are so beautiful. You are the most beautiful little boy I’ve ever seen cos Val and Diana only have girls which means I can say that and be telling the truth. You are the most beautiful little boy I’ve ever seen.”
he was gonna unleash Tasha’s data collection skills on the unsuspecting sugar baby and get right to the bottom of the mystery of—
“Don’t listen to them.” Hope bared her fangs at an increasingly huffy Natasha teasingly. “I would have thrown a decorative coaster at the TV if my team kept calling time outs too. I’m glad they let you back in the Saturday watch party sweetie, it’s been a while since I’ve seen you.”
“So we should do cash.” Steve finished. “I’ll break your allowance up into each date that way you aren’t ever putting effort out here without being compensated. How’s that?”
“No harm no foul, Excelsior here wouldn’t hurt a fly.” The gentleman was at least a dozen years past ancient, steel frame glasses and silvered hair, a friendly smile and cheerful aura as he brought the huge golden retriever around to heel at his side. “C’mere kiddo, come meet the dog. Pat his head like this, see? Scratch his ears too, he loves that.”
“Next time you should just drown me.” Tony was halfway to asleep after an absolutely mind-bending orgasm, and the words came out mumbled. “I know you’re worried about choking me, but next time just jam that thing down my throat and unload. I can take it and even if I can’t, dying by way of Patriotic Trouser Snake Firehose would be a hell of a way to go. Hoorah and Semper Fi and all that.”
“You said you hadn’t celebrated Christmas since you lost your Mama and I think it’s high time we break that tradition.” the Alpha said firmly. He had every intention of correcting and replacing
The first bonding gift was diamonds, a band with enough sparkle to make Tony’s head spin, three different pieces to the ring that Steve explained in a hushed whisper were supposed to their family, he and Tony and Peter, their lives crossed together and made into something beautiful.
“It was a sixty four foot garland.” Nat confirmed. “Tony wants it wrapped up and down the stair railings. Should be fun. Nice and pine needly. Hey, are you free tonight?”
“Alpha-- Alpha--!” Fangs at his throat, at his bonding spot made Tony gush wet, cock throbbing where it bounced against his stomach every time Steve bottomed out inside him. “
“Daddy!” Peter cried from somewhere down one of the gargantuan aisles, and a moment later Steve came charging back up holding a squealing toddler under one arm and a huge box for what looked like a blow up ball pit under his other arm. “Look! Balls!”
“Huh.” Clint watched his friend for a moment. “Seems like you’re taking that chance whether you mean to or not, Tony. You and that Alpha are in way deeper than I think either of you realize.”
“Kay well first of all, I’d never fuckin’ threaten your kid, so jot that down.” Mind coming back online, Bucky’s lip curled in instant defense of his intentions. “I’d never hurt you
looked even mildly sophisticated or attractive while trying to fit their mouth around a messy burgers and
up to the family Omega to let a new person meet their baby so Tony offering was a big deal and the weight of it didn’t escape Steve’s notice. “Tony, I would love to meet him.”
and Steve breathed it in almost reverently as the Omega stepped a little closer to avoid a puddle. “And walking like this instead of forcing myself through a stiff evening that feels like a transaction is... Nice. Much better than what I expected. I was nervous to the point of throwing up before arriving and now I feel so much better. You freaking out a little bit and ripping your tie off went a long ways towards making this easier.”
“Alright, come here.” Steve stood up and brought Tony with him, wrapping a steadying arm around the Omega’s waist and pulling him into a brief hug. “Are you okay besides all this?”
“There you are again, sweetheart.” Steve moved slow slow slow, stroking into the Omega’s body with measured thrusts and checking every single second to make sure Tony was with him, that those honey highlighted eyes were glazing with pleasure and not stress, that the hands at his chest and side were clutching him closer not trying to push away. Tony was
in a soul deep way, unsure of what had taken away his love for creating and unsure of how to get it back.
“Mmmm.” Tony’s legs fell open when Steve spread his fingers to try and grasp at his bare thigh, he sighed when the big hand at his waist slipped down to knead at his ass and he turned as best he could to tilt his head up for an open mouthed kiss when Steve groaned his name, sucking at Steve’s tongue and grinding down blatantly
. You said it, now I can say it.” Tony was terrified, uncertain of Bucky’s intentions and furious at himself for leaving Peter even for just a minute, what the hell had he been thinking? Anybody could have broken in and hurt Peter because he’d thought it would be easier to leave the sleeping baby for the two fucking minutes it had taken to run Peggy some money for her medicine….
...Steve whistled as he jogged up the steps to the old apartment, ready to see Tony smile, ready to kiss that perfect mouth, ready to hold Tony close and maybe pull him towards the bed in the back room...
“And for the table.” the Alpha added nervously, “The lobster mac and cheese and the grilled asparagus with lemon mosto.”
“Well not at first.” Steve kept his voice pitched low, nearly a rumble so the slow vibration would keep Peter asleep. “But Pete woke up from his nap and I showed him what I was working on and he wanted to help. So I told him we should decorate my room so it was pretty. He did a
“What do you mean?” Steve’s eyes were still closed, every sense tuned to the way Tony felt against him, his heavy frame tense as he tried to hold himself back from moving too quickly and his hands at Tony’s waist almost tentative so he wouldn’t grab too fast and shatter the fragility of their first
Peter didn’t wake up in the transfer into the bed, and Tony tucked him in carefully before going to undress and hang up Carol’s shirt to return. Then  he pulled out the money Steve had given him-- an entire month’s worth, because the Alpha had insisted it was the
“I think he expected me to go through with the abortion and show back up by the end of the week.” Tony’s fingers were trembling as he sipped at his water. “But I wasn’t there. I never went back. I never even talked to him again.”
“I don’t care about that.” Steve said mildly, smoothing his hands up and down Tony’s back until the Omega relented and leaned into him. “I’m more pissed off about them embarrassing you like this and interrupting my afternoon to come down here for no reason at all.”
Tony popped the champagne first, drying his tears and sipping at the bubbly from the delicately beautiful glass as he stood at the floor to ceiling windows and stared out at the city. The Omega hadn’t grown up in Brooklyn, he’d grown up in Manhattan, but the skyline was iconic and memorable all the same and the sight took Tony back
Steve would insist on feeding Tony with his hands, soothing the underlying worry that his Omega wasn’t eating enough, quieting the rumble of mine in his chest with Tony’s weight on his lap and scent in his nose.
“Oh.” The unexpected thoughtfulness had Tony’s stomach up in butterflies all over again. “Well, thank you. What were you thinking?”
“You look nice.” Tony was setting the roast on the table when Steve came back, and he peered up at the soldier from beneath his lashes, still bent just slightly provocative over the table, the dress falling in soft swaths over his hips and brushing at his legs, the neckline gapping only enough to allow Steve a peek of skin and brief hint of satin beneath. “I love you in a good button up.”
“It's my Ma's recipe.” Steve set some water to boiling and portioned out the noodles. “Can't go wrong with Ma's recipe, huh?”
“I missed you.” the Alpha said next, and this time Tony wilted onto the bed, arms falling and head hanging.
the settling thing, the Alpha cleared his throat and leaned down to rub their noses together and murmured, “Okay I won’t do that anymore, I’m sorry I did it all but um, how about here, can I touch you here?”
did Steve gentle again, sucking slow at the Omega’s lip and soothing the hurt until Tony was purring again.
The door clicked shut, the lock turning as Bucky used the spare key to secure it and then it was just Alpha and Omega alone in the quiet house.
“The only reason I’m not arguing with you is cos you aren’t stressed about buying diapers anymore.” Clint kissed him one last time. “I’m gonna miss seeing you when you quit this place.”
“How did Pete sleep?” Steve asked next, a whisper soft kiss at the curl of Tony’s ear lobe and then down at his throat, fingers flexing possessively at his hip. “Did he do okay?”
“I… did.” Tony held out his hand for Peter as the recently three year old came tearing over with a piece of grass that was wildly fascinating, then went tearing back away to discover something new. “I hadn’t even realized we were close to the park until we left that wedding venue. I used to play here all the time, but once my Mama got sick we stopped coming. I was probably eleven the last time we walked through here.”
But hell, it was real ingrained in Alphas to provide and protect and Tony wasn’t his Omega, but Tony was Bucky’s
“Clint.” Tony reached over and pulled out two of the bills. “You’re my best friend, you always try to take care of me, you helped when Pete was sick and you’re the only reason last night even happened. Take it. If I had anything in my savings I’d give you more but being sick wiped me out. Take this at least and don’t let Barney get ahold of it. Add it to your savings so you can get away from him sooner rather than later.”
rolling off the Omega’s frame, echoed back from the Alpha as Peggy’s heart broke for her sweet friend. “Tony, you know that’s not what I meant”
“Why’s that?” Steve was almost afraid to ask, not sure what he thought the issue would be, not even sure what sort of thing beyond not being a legal citizen would even
“Maybe.” The blond cringed when he heard glass breaking in the kitchen and Sam shouting, “God damn it Valkyrie! We can’t start body shots this early! Steve’s gonna get all stern and judgy at us--!”
Steve’s house was loud, the usually quiet brownstone echoing with jeers and calls for the game, laughter and shouted conversation, the crackle of too many bags of chips and the clink of beer bottles, and Tony stood outside the front door for a solid five minutes trying to find the courage to knock.
cos we had doctors come to the house. It never would have occurred to me to find a sugar daddy or— or trade sex for money. That is literally
Several dates with Tony had taught the Alpha not to push it though, so Steve tried to ignore the itch at the base of his neck and cleared his throat to change the subject, “When do you go back to work? Any idea when your next day off will be?”
“So this is the famous Never Fail Third Date Spaghetti, huh?” Steve came up behind Tony and offered him a spoon to taste, and the Omega smacked his lips in satisfaction over the sweet wine and spices. “What makes it Never Fail?”
Tony hid his smile in the soft fabric of Steve’s shirt, and pinched at the Alpha’s side a little bit. “Birthday and Christmas will be fun.”
, but Tony still closed his eyes and and held the phone to his forehead after he read the message, blushing clear to the tips of his ears and squeezing his thighs together over a fresh flush of slick.
“My Grammy bought them for me the year I graduated high school and I’ve lugged them around to every place I’ve lived ever since.” The way Tony lit up at being proved right made Steve’s heart flip flop in his chest. “I used to have my family mail me one once a month when I was deployed so I’d have something new to read. I am an absolute
?” Tony asked, bewildered. “Is this online dating? Clint, I don’t need an Alpha, I need a damn babysitter so I can work extra shifts and pay my bills!”
Pleasure was just building white hot behind Tony’s eyes when the wet at his entrance disappeared, but his instinctive, nearly bratty protest was silenced by the *
He stopped when Tony’s frame stiffened. “Right, you wouldn't think it was funny that we joke about stalking. Sorry.”
Stark, the only heir and after my Dad kicked me out, I’m not even that. Pete has my Mama’s last name Carbonell.”
“Good morning, Omega, my Omega.” Gravy whisk in one hand, the Alpha used his free hand to gather the ties of Tony’s robe and draw the Omega in for an eager kiss. “Pretty perfect Omega, how are you?”
“C’mere, sweetheart.” Steve pushed his chair back from the table a little bit and spread his knees, pulled gently at Tony until the brunette had no choice but to perch on his lap and lean against him for balance. “C’mere, c’mere, you look so beautiful tonight, I can’t even believe it. What’s going on?”
It was a long few moments of just holding each other tight, rumbling and crooning at Peter to keep the baby calm as he tried to snuggle into Tony’s heart beat, murmured reassurance and nonsensical comfort as the Omega tried to pull himself back together.
“Not a deal breaker.” Bucky was quick to assure him. “Not in the least. Give us a dollar figure and we’ll make it happen. In fact, Tasha keeps a place mid town for when she’s not out data collecting, so once you decide you trust us or once we’ve got some permanence t’this whole thing, you can live there and then you don’t gotta pay rent and keep your allowance for anything in the future.”
Dishes took far longer than they should have with Steve stopping to kiss Tony and Tony pausing in his drying duties to tease and purr up at the Alpha playfully. It was easy and fun and
when ticklish kisses turned sharp as Steve pushed the sweater down further and dragged his fangs along the jut of Tony’s collarbone, drawing red lines over the thin skin and sending
“Nobody cares about that.” Clint glanced out the window at the dining room again. “Only an hour till closing time, you wanna take off early and get home? It’s gotta be a hell of a drive.”
Tony leaned over to wipe a bit of sauce from Steve’s chin and the Alpha turned his nose into Tony’s palm to kiss the Omega’s fingers gratefully. “But thanks to
“I’ve got about fifteen minutes before break is over.” Tony shucked his apron too since he needed a fresh one before the start of his next shift. “You got food?”
“Jesus Christ, Omega.” Steve abandoned the gravy so he could hold his mate with both hands and crush a kiss to his mouth, unable to stop touching and loving on the gorgeous brunette who was somehow inexplicably
In the morning they woke up together still naked, warm and drowsy from a night spent cuddling and when Tony rolled over for a good morning kiss, the Alpha pressed him back into the pillows and drove it
“It’s almost why I didn’t want to use the Uber at first.” The Omega admitted very quietly. “I was afraid you’d look and see the pick up point and realize what part of town I lived and think-- I mean, I don’t know
“Um.” Bucky looked like he’d just walked into a brick wall and Natasha seemed just as confused. “What the hell just happened?”
“The first thing you should do with that Alpha’s money is buy clothes.” Clint decided, but Tony countered, .”The
It was a few days later when Steve made his way down to the lab to find Tony, ducking through the doors and motioning for JARVIS to enact a Privacy Protocol so no one would walk into the room while he was trying to talk to his boyfriend.
. It’s not like finding out that I don’t actually like burgers and was lying for the sake of a second date. These are huge details.”
“I’m going to allow the subject change only because I want to see you smile again.” Steve decided, and Tony pressed at his hand gratefully. “Yeah, Fourth of July. I figured we’d clear off the roof and take up a couple chairs, watch the fireworks over the water?”
I can whore myself out so me and Pete can have a better life. Those are my options because I’m an unbonded, single parent Omega who is going absolutely nowhere in life.”
rule than it was to have the shop reported for discrimination and prejudice, which would lead to losing not only the business of several of Mr. Rogers’s wealthy friends but would also cost her
“The bed’s fine.” Tony went a little tense at the change of subject, but tried to breathe through it. “I didn’t sleep very well but that was more from nerves than an issue with the mattress. I wanted to say--”
“Fine, fine.” Steve sighed theatrically, but a few seconds later Peter was off distracted by the wishing fountain in the center of the park, and the Alpha shook off the momentary disappointment too as they resumed their walk following Peter through the grass.
Steve walked into the living room at the same time Tony was returning from upstairs and he stopped to just
, and instead took the time to think through all of the options, to plot the best course of action and to take a deep breath before leaping.
“Just a condom.” Tony should have laughed at how fast Steve jumped up to run to the bedroom. He should have laughed when Steve stumbled at the first step and nearly broke his nose, and he should have
“There’s lace.” Tony mumbled, and took the lipstick she offered. “And they’re blue because Steve likes blue. I did put a
The thousand dollar a night room was certainly not meant for two year olds to turn the bathtub into a swimming pool, but Peter did exactly that, shrieking and squealing over the amount of soap Tony dumped into the running water to make bubbles, splashing and making a mess all over the beautiful tile floor. Peggy laughed at the toddler’s antics and sipped the expensive champagne, sharing the lobster and steak meal with Tony as they chatted about his day and about Steve so thoroughly spoiling him.
“Would that offend your old fashioned sensibilities if I were married, Mr. Rogers?” Tony sounded like he might actually laugh, and Steve didn’t realize how badly he wanted to hear the Omega’s sunshine laugh until he was holding his breath and
, so as they kissed again he contented himself with learning Tony by touch, skating his fingers over every inch of open skin and brushing through the sparse hair low at the Omega’s belly, learning the curve at Tony’s ribs and around to know the stretch of Tony’s spine and then down to inch the leggings over Tony’s hips and along the line of those distractingly long legs. “Can I have these? Take ‘em off for you?”
“You want me?” Steve gripped at the plush curve of Tony’s ass, spread the cheeks far so he could see the shadow of Tony’s hole beneath the champagne colored lace. “Want me right here? Want me to use my tongue and get you wet before I stuff you full?”
The set of garters were impossibly soft and Steve couldn’t help bending to mouth worshipful kisses to each swirl of the tatted roses, the Zaffre blue vivid against the porcelain skin high at his mate’s leg. The scent of apple blossoms was honey thick here close to Tony’s entrance, musk and chamomile making the Alpha’s head spin as he lapped the clear slick from the crease of the Omega’s thigh and listened to the quiet pants and pleas for
First the Alpha called just to make sure Tony hadn’t forgotten, then he texted and called a little later to make sure Tony was alright, that the Omega hadn’t gotten in a car accident or anything on the way over. By nine o’clock that night Steve didn’t know if he was worried about Tony or if he was angry about being
to play dress up with you at a tailor.” Nat’s practically crooned. “And we will replace anything that needs replacing after a date.”
“Omega.” Steve’s eyes shaded soft red, sleepy scarlet as Tony lay back in the pillows with rumpled curls and kiss swollen lips. “You are so beautiful. So beautiful, I am so in--”
“Sure.” Tony tried to smile but he couldn’t shake the feeling that he had failed a test he hadn’t been prepared to take. A month away from Steve had him antsy and jittery at the Alpha’s side
“Here love, you look like you could use a cup of water.” This nurse was gentle, warmth shining through her eyes and along the edges of her bland Beta scent. “It’s going to be okay, you know. Sometimes kid are just prone to ear infections, my little brother had them all the time when he was young, he outgrew it though.”
“Peggy’s all settled in the new place?” Steve tucked his gloves in his coat pocket so he could hold Tony’s hand properly, pressing at his mate’s palm when Tony stepped closer so their shoulders brushed as they walked. “How does she like it? Making any friends?”
“Thank god.” Tony hooked his arm through Steve’s as they strolled. “So what else are you wanting to spend money on?”
“Wait, why the spare bedroom—” Steve’s voice trailed off when they pushed open the door and he stepped into a
had to have, and swooping the toddler out of the cart to run over with him, Steve went dashing away down an aisle as if he hadn’t just announced out loud in public that he wanted to be Dad of the Year, Best Dad, that he was planning on contributing so
Clint kissed Tony before he left, nuzzling and purring at the other Omega before swaggering his way past the two practically drooling Alphas and down to the Uber Tony had insisted on calling for him, and Tony muffled a laugh into his hand as Bucky and Nat almost fell off the stairs trying to follow.
, heavy in Howard’s scent and unexpected enough to make Tony blink a few times. “Of course, I hadn’t thought about that at the time or-- or now.”
“Where is the child’s father?” The nurse wasn’t quite rude but she wasn’t exactly friendly either, pursed lips and stress lines on her forehead from what had already been a long shift full of sick kids. “Or your current partner if the child’s father is no longer around?”
.” The Omega dropped the envelope like it had burnt his hands, a thin receipt fluttering out onto Steve’s lap as it fell. “Steve, what the hell is that?”
“To go--” Tony glanced down at his phone for the first time in close to an hour, startled when he saw it was already seven forty-five.
that a simple pair of underwear, a simple red thong, could tax Steve’s self control near to the breaking point but it
“I’m not just saying it to make you happy.” Tony met Steve’s gaze steadily, letting the relief in their mutual decision shine through his eyes. “But this food looks delicious and I haven’t eaten yet, so do you think they’d judge us terribly if we asked for a doggy bag for our leftovers?”
Encased in steam and with the echo of droplets off tile muffling any attempts at conversation, they were quiet instead, quiet as Tony soaped up the fragrant sandalwood soap and scrubbed with the loofah, with his hands, with his
. Curvy Tony was tempting enough to send Steve right to his knees and the Alpha cut another bite for his intended mate, secretly looking forward to the way Tony’s cheeks would flush with satisfaction and his dark eyes would sparkle once he was full.
“Th-that’s doubtful, I feel like sixty comes along with quite a few wrinkles.” Tony tried to lighten the moment again, tried to be sassy and make the Alpha smile but he couldn’t even hear his own voice over the rush in his ears as Steve touched him slowly, carefully, leaned over their table close enough to kiss if Tony leaned over too, the blond saying things like
“Your Dad kicked you out and put you in the position of having to sell yourself to some asshole who might have hurt you just to make rent.” Steve sounded
they took one look at me, decided I must have stolen that fucking watch and were ready to have me tossed in jail!”
today decided I deserved to be treated as less than human and that’s--that’s not the sort of thing a cup of tea can fix.”
“Your clothes came in.” he said instead. “Everything we ordered last week? I ordered you a few extra things after you left, so I thought you could divide it up and leave some here?”
after what might have been something terrible, the baby wasn’t traumatized and over reacting based on his own feelings would only turn what Peter considered fun into a bad memory. Nearly getting flattened beneath stuffed animals wasn’t the same as Pete getting excited and darting out into traffic and it wasn’t the same as the toddler climbing too high and risking broken bones, so the Omega just curled into Steve and waited for both their scents to calm.
“You had something on your face?” Tony squeaked, and hurried to wipe at the smear at Steve’s cheek, nearly falling back into his chair flustered half to death that his immediate reaction to someone with food on their face was to wipe it away with his thumb like he did for
And then softer, almost ashamed, with a waver of self recrimination that made Steve want to hunt down the Alpha that knocked Tony up and
“We confirmed the serial number of this watch to match the one you purchased several weeks ago, and since we have reason to believe this person
Sheesh, if he was this smitten over a picture and a few messages maybe he really was as desperately lonely as Bucky said...
“Bucky didn’t lock the door to the house because he wanted me to know I could leave at any time.” The information came quietly, and stopped Steve right in his tracks. “He kept apologizing for the Command and when we got here he told me I could go to any room I wanted, even yours, and that he wouldn’t lock the door if we wanted to leave but he begged me to stay till you got here.”
“Whoops, got you bud.” Steve lifted the toddler one handed onto the safety of the bed. “What are you doing running that fast, it's too early to be this awake!”
in an Alpha, much less carried away the Alphas scent and the novel experience had Tony’s head reeling. “I just got… busy… and forgot to check my phone again. Sorry.”
“Kiss me.” he whispered and Steve bit off a quiet groan as he tipped Tony’s chin up and kissed him gently, sweetly, almost
Tony wanted to meet at the Brooklyn place, but after three days away from each other Steve was so anxious to get his arms around Tony, he didn’t care where it happened.
Tony’s jacket, he asked, “Are you okay to leave, Tony? I don’t want you going anywhere if you’re not all the way together.”
“You wanted to ask me something?” Tony squirmed in his seat and Steve’s gaze darkened another shade in sheer
--” Steve jabbed at his chest. “-- was already in love with you. Their behavior was about protecting me and the second Bucky saw Pete, his behavior became about protecting you. Nothing is more important than kids. I could call up Sam right now and tell him ‘Tony is my sugar baby because he needs help paying the bills to support his kid’ and I guarantee Sam would move mountains to get you a good enough paying job you wouldn’t need me anymore.”
a nurse who would keep a record that could very easily make everything about their life look terrible and Tony was nauseous about the possibilities.
“Heard a lot about you too.” Less welcoming and more measuring. “You comin’ in or what? I’m missing the game.”
He hated this job. He hated the crappy shifts and the low pay and the unsafe location that brought all manner of unsafe clients to the twenty four hour diner. He hated that as an unmated Omega he wasn’t considered valid for any job other than waitressing or housekeeping and he hated that he couldn’t afford the bus or subway fare to a nicer workplace so he had to work
The Omega’s toes had a hint of sparkle when the pedicure was over, his legs noodly after another half hour of massage, his feet tingling from the mint invigorating scrub and heels soothed and smoothed with a lavender callous treatment and cream.
Tony ran his tongue slowly over his fangs, then his bottom lip as he thought through his answer. He didn’t want to
fine when Steve looked up from the couch and saw him, when those blue eyes lightened in surprise then warmed in approval, flickering red for only the briefest blink as Steve’s gaze dropped over the Omega’s croppy top camisole and lacy, see through blouse and those damn leggings Tony
“I am hot as hell.” Clint said blandly, and through the binos Bucky watched Tony shriek with laughter over the other Omegas deadpan response.
“Hey.” Bucky looked so relieved when Tony finally reappeared that the Omega almost felt bad for him.
“Right, right.” Clint knew the story of Tony’s last heat and how the come down from being settled had nearly wrecked him. “So instead of vomiting from nerves, you got fed and kissed and called it a night?”
“C’mere.” Steve grabbed a pillow off the couch and set it beneath Tony’s head and immediately kissed him again. He nudged the Omega’s thighs open with his knee and settled into the inviting vee of Tony’s hips to crush their mouths together. The t-shirt was rucked up so the Alpha could get to skin, spreading his fingers over Tony’s stomach, sweeping over his navel and to the almost too prominent jut of hipbones, the line of his ribs where Tony had lost a few pounds while sick.
meant for nights like this but Tony still felt… well it still felt awkward to get money for essentially dating and now getting money for sex…
.” Giddy over the attention, half drunk on the knowledge that he was going to be bonded to such an incredible Alpha, that he and Pete were going to be safe and taken care of, that he got to wake up every day in Steve’s arms, Tony let the big blond pick him off off the ground and make ready to carry him right back to bed but then--
“Can I bring you something?” Steve asked before he thought about it, then backtracked, “You probably don’t want to see anyone if you’re sick. Could I have something delivered for you?”
“Don’t worry about it.” Steve lowered his voice towards a rumble just to feel the slight tremble in Tony’s frame as the Omega instinctively reacted to it. “Could I message you tonight, though?”
, and now I know anything too clunky or fancy out on your wrist just doesn’t work, so I won’t make the mistake again. It’s fine, Tony. I’m only upset at how they treated you, not at anything else.”
“That’s good.” it had been a long time since Tony had had anything except a toy inside himself and the first press of Steve’s fingers made him wail, an exploratory thrust and second finger at his entrance made him grab at the sheets and
But then a split second belatedly-- “Oh no, a condom--” but the Omega nearly slurred, “Alpha, if I was worried about that I wouldn’t have seduced you in the shower.”
“N-no?” Steve’s eyes were glued to Tony’s backside as the Omega sashayed his way towards the waiting wine glass, mouth dry and throat suddenly
Clint was hovering towards settled so he couldn’t manage a real laugh, but his eyes lit up with amusement and Tony dropped a kiss on his cheek. “I got a ride over to the new laundromat on sixth, it’s nice. Has attendants and everything. The next time you need laundry done let me know and we’ll go together. They lock the machines so we have to use a code to get into it, which meant I could put everything in and take Peter to the park while it was cycling. He got to play with a couple other kids, one of the other parents was telling me about a kids concert we definitely aren’t going to...It was nice.”
“We never even spent Christmas together.” Peter was whining now, trying to reach his Daddy as Tony cried harder. “Mama decorated the house the year she passed and Dad had it thrown away after and we never did it again. I don’t know that man and I want to be so mad at him but at the end of the day, Howard Stark is barely a person to me! He’s my
He gestured meaninglessly, miserably to their tiny studio apartment and shabby surroundings. “Just leave us alone.”
“Men who don’t appreciate bodies that have given birth are men who don’t deserve to father children.” Peggy said calmly. “They cannot want the miracle of birth and the prowess of virility and then be upset when the resulting miracle leaves the birthing parent
“Then let me see.” Tony wiggled off the Alpha’s lap and back to his own seat, picking up the boxes of clothes while Steve picked his plate back up to finish his food. “Steve, this is six boxes! I only picked out a couple outfits!”
were exciting and even though Tony rolled his eyes just one more time for good measure, his scent rolled
“Why though?” Clint folded his arms and leaned back against the sink, happy to ignore the table of Alphas calling loudly for their check. “
over his shirt, settling and then resettling it at his waist, tucking it in and blousing it, then untucking and tying it into a side knot near his hip, which he immediately
And then with a flash of panic and regret, patting at his back pockets for cash and lowering his voice, “Sorry baby, were you expecting money? I was going to give you extra on Sunday but I can go get some right now. Wait here just a sec?”
Tony’s throat moved as he swallowed, and Steve ducked his head to follow the motion with his lips, notching his nose at the Omega’s scent glands and nipping his fangs just lightly at Tony’s collarbones.
Yes, it had been Bucky’s idea for Steve to try the Sugar Seeking Sugar thing but he’d expected Steve to get a knot off, have some fun on a few dates and
“It wouldn't be all that bad if I had someone to share it with.” Steve admitted, and before he could talk himself out of saying it or into saying something less awkward-- “You in the market for a roommate?”
“Good morning.” Tony tugged at his shirt self consciously, pulling the sleeves further down his wrists and patting awkwardly at his hair when he saw the Alpha already showered, dressed and ready for the day. “Um, is there any extra--
“You never are, Omega.” Steve smiled then, coaxing and encouraging and as wholeheartedly open as he ever was. “But the way you’re still scenting a little scared is really bothering my nose. What can I do to fix that?”
“I have to live with family or by myself.” Clint said wearily, tapping at his ears. “Disability, remember? I either have to be being taken care of-- as if Barney does shit all to take care of me, or even cares what happens to me-- or I have to prove I can live by myself. It’s hard enough for an Omega to get an apartment to rent alone, damn near impossible for an Omega with a handicap.”
holding on to Peter as the doctor and nurse ran a few tests then wrote him up a prescription for antibiotics and ear drops. They made him stay again until Peter’s fever was back under control, so Tony slouched in the uncomfortable chair and stared unseeingly at the far wall while Peter cuddled into him and fussed softly until the medicine kicked in and his little body cooled down.
over what Tony went through every single day at work. “Especially not unbonded and especially single parents?”
I can’t let you go back to that place where you say you don’t feel safe and where you have to barricade the door every night and where there’s rot in the floor, okay? But more than that, as an Alpha that spent the last ten days day dreaming about getting back to you and seeing you smile and as an Alpha that is
“My muse.” he repeated in a hoarse whisper, and closed his hand around Tony’s throat so he could count every beat of the Omega’s heart and run his thumb over the sensitive bonding spot. “My Omega, my mate.”
.” Done being admired and wanting to do some admiring of his own, the Alpha grabbed at both Tony’s ankles and dragged the Omega right to the edge of the mattress. The wide necked, low cut shirt had been driving him crazy all evening and the second it landed somewhere behind them in the suite, Steve rushed to get his mouth on all the open skin.
“Tony, I don’t think you’d go crazy and buy stupid things on my card even if I explicitly told you do exactly that.” the Alpha chuckled a little. “I mean, you were trying to return a watch so you could get something more practical for your life, I’m not real concerned about what you’re doing with my debit card. And if you
Steve’s phone buzzed as he came back from brushing his teeth and the Alpha flopped down onto the pillows to check it.
house and even though Tony was grateful every single day to be there and to see Peter laughing and content in his safe, new home and to see the Alpha smiling every morning when they met for coffee and kisses, it still took
“I don’t want to know what that means.” Steve warned, pointing a finger at Bucky. “Don’t elaborate on that.”
The morning had gone from teasing to practically undressing each other to conversations about rings and weddings and bonding and now--
“You are delightfully old fashioned, Mr. Rogers.” Tony tried not to gasp when the Alpha bent down just a tiny bit, lips parting enough to show the
Peter was napping at the house while Steve painted and Tony tried to get anything worth saving from their old place. A quickly purchased baby monitor had been set up in Tony’s room with the live feed sent to both Steve and Tony’s phones and since Peter’s afternoon nap was usually two hours and the ride to  the run down apartment took forty five minutes either way, Tony gave himself only the bare minimum of time inside to get everything done so he could be back at least right after Pete woke up.
, huh? It uh– it seems like I oughta make an honest man out of you if we’re going to have a kid together, if we’re gonna hyphenate our names like that.”
“Okay yeah, that was a pretty bad innuendo.” Steve laughed but it twisted into a growl as Tony reached to knot slim fingers in his hair and hold him just
“I can and I will.” Tony was practically floating, fuzzy around the edges and humming through the words, slightly sore between his legs but just about
Steve kept stocked specifically for him. “At the rate I’m going right now, I don’t even have time for someone to cut ahead of me and open the door to let me through first.”
“You’re not having a good time, are you?” The Alpha said suddenly, and Tony jerked himself back to the conversation.
“And the diapers under the bed, the extra medicine in the cupboard and the bills in the box on the counter.” The Omega started to look less defiant and more scared now, gnawing at his bottom lip and holding his arms tight to his body. “Bucky. Why are you here?”
“Ah Jesus, Tony.” Steve couldn’t tear himself away from the kiss for more than a split second, and he kept coming back again and again, nipping at Tony’s lips and sucking at Tony’s tongue. “You have the sweetest bite, do it again. Do it
“Steve.” Tony was at his bedroom door for the first time since they’d moved in, and Steve stopped mid pulling his shirt off, mouth going dry when he saw the
Steve wet his lips anxiously before ordering for Tony, “-- my guest will have the sea bass with miso butter.”
Tony only smiled, sated and full, mewling and trilling as they shared another dozen kisses when Steve carefully carefully put him down on the plush bath rug.
“I don’t--” Tony started to deny he missed Steve, but gave up when it didn’t sound convincing even to his
“Not yet.” Steve kissed Archie’s nose, then leaned over and kissed Tony on the nose as well. “But stay tuned, sweetheart.”
“Steve.” Tony’s voice caught, breath hitching, and the Alpha tightened his grip on the phone, holding it to his ear tight as if that would bring him closer to the little Omega. “Listen, I-- I’m sorry about our date. I really really am. I have a great time with you, and I’ll be honest I thought the Sugar Seeking Sugar thing was a terrible idea and sounded so stupid until I met you. But my life is… it’s more complicated than you think it is and sometimes that will interfere with our dates but I promise I’ll make time for you. I’ll make time for
“Great.” Tony made a show of turning around and throwing his hands up so Steve wouldn’t see just what it did to his heart to see Peter copying and teasing with him. “That’s great. Thank you.”
“M’fine.” Tony hesitated, hesitated, then clutched tight at Steve’s side, bunching the shirt up between his fingers as he fought the urge to bury into Steve’s chest and just hide from it all. “Sorry about this.”
Steve never talked much about his military service beyond mentioning that whatever he and his team had done had earned them early retirement and a series of medals, and as Tony was introduced to one after another of some of the most dangerous people he’d ever met, he understood
Tony waited, and Steve drummed his fingers on the table a hint anxiously. “I don’t really know how to say this without coming across as creepy or greedy or like I’m trying to push your boundaries, but seeing me
“My Omega.” he repeated, and Tony put a hand over his mouth to quiet an instinctive, helpless whine. “We’re all gonna be just fine. You and Pete can stay right here with me, right here at home, alright? Stay.”
whatever she thought he was. No matter how good her intentions or how nice her tone, the nurse was still assuming Tony couldn’t do this and it made him want to
Tony was still blushing as he wiggled out from beneath Steve’s bulk and stole a pair of pajama pants from the drawer so he could go get Peter. Steve listened to the light footsteps down the hall then rolled out of bed to use the bathroom and put on a pair of bottoms as well.
“I didn’t dare go looking in your dresser just in case I really did find the sock garters.” Tony finally noticed Steve and put his phone down, baring his fangs into a mock taunting grin. “So I just took a shirt from your closet. Is this okay?”
“I’ll be right here.” Steve promised, and Tony’s quiet laugh was sunshine lighting up the late night. “Right here
“He’s the reason I’m going to get a grocery delivery.” the Omega smiled a little when his phone buzzed with a message full of Steve’s debit card info and the password for his account with the grocery store he used, just in case there was one close to Tony’s apartment. There wasn’t one of those stores nearby, but the gesture was still impossibly sweet. “Tonight was supposed to be a date night and I was too sick to remember. I um-- I told him I didn’t have money for groceries after going to the doctor and he told me to buy groceries and medicine and to pay whatever bills I’m behind on after missing work.”
“But it sure seems like there’s a lot of distance between us?” The Omega finished in a whisper. “I’m sorry about that, Alpha.”
After they finished, after Steve came growling trying to grind his knot into press of Tony’s hand as the Omega milked at him, Tony finishing splattering white untouched while his Alpha throbbed inside him,
Excelsior got to all fours obediently, licked Peter’s face hard enough to send the toddler sprawling back into Steve’s legs, then went right to his owner’s side and pranced away down the walk.
she assumes is all over the place.” Tony scooped Peter up and patted at his back. “That hurts worse than what happened at the store. I don’t care if they think I couldn’t afford that watch because you know what? I can’t afford it. I sucked Steve’s dick--”
“I thought you went away for a weekend with your friends for your birthday?” Tony resolutely pried a monstrous sized lollipop from Peter’s greedy fingers and placed it back on the check out display. “Were you still planning on doing that?”
“At first, I thought I’d get you a credit card with a set limit for your allowance?” Steve offered. “I’d set it up to be paid automatically from my account and that way you’d never have to worry about it, the money would just be there. If you don’t like a credit card, I could do the same with a debit card, set up a different bank account with auto transfers from my main. How do you feel about that?”
“I have to work tomorrow afternoon.” Tony pointed out, but Steve brushed it off-- “That’s fine, we can spend the morning together. I’ll empty out a drawer and we can go shopping and buy you whatever you want to keep here. Or call out of work and spend the entire day with me. I’ll give you twice your normal allowance to make up for any tips you miss and it’ll give me the chance to really spoil you. We can do whatever you want all day long, what do you say?”
“You’re a good Dad, Tony.” he replied readily, and Tony’s eyes filled with tears as if he’d never heard the words before-- or maybe as if he doubted those words every day of his life. “I can tell just lookin’ at Pete that he’s happy and healthy and real safe held up against your heart. Thank you for letting me meet him.”
“That's actually exactly what I do.” The Alpha topped off Tony's wine glass and settled back into the couch. “I'm a bachelor, Tony. I don't have anyone to cook for, anyone to sit in the fancy living room with-- hell, I only bought this thing cos I'd been furniture shopping for a week and the sales person showed me a picture in the catalog and I was so sick of shopping at that point, I just told them I'd take it exactly in the picture.”
“Not to be weird about it, but you have no idea just how close to the truth that is. Family size toilet paper
They walked another little while before the Alpha asked, “If the way I feel about you-- the way I’m basically tongue tied and dumb every time you smile-- if that feeling and attraction ever becomes mutual, at some point could we talk about moving things forward?”
The big Omega waggled his eyebrows meaningfully, while Tony just groaned at the terrible joke. “-- I would absolutely be on board with that. Totally there for that. Suds it up, my guy. Please oh
clothes.” the Omega didn’t raise his voice while so close to the baby, but his lip curled, fangs glinting stubbornly in defense. “I don’t need a watch, but I have to plan ahead because Pete will
“Okay. Bookmark that one too.” Tony snuggled into Steve’s side, inhaling the rosewood scent and humming in contentment. “I just want to make sure she’s taken care of. Peggy’s the only reason me and Pete survived a lot of sick spells, she always brought us food if I had to miss work, she was the first person besides me to hold Pete as a newborn and that’s because I was trying to move in with a baby in one arm and my backpack in the other and she swooped in to take him and help me up the stairs. I want to take care of her. We can use the money you gave me.”
Bucky could do as best friend and guaranteed best man at the wedding was to make friendly with the bright eyed Omega after he and Tasha had gone a little Guantanamo Bay on Tony the last time around.
my muse.” Steve moved, spurred into action by the overwhelming need to be with his mate, to cover Tony and keep him safe, to protect this gorgeous Omega that was meant to be his. He crawled onto the bed on all fours and coaxed Tony back up into the pillows with a low rumble, stretched out over the Omega’s body and settled just enough of his weight to make Tony whimper eagerly, just enough
“I got it babydoll.” Bucky took over when Nat’s voice cut out abruptly. “Tony, Stevie. We’ll come over and take of the little guy, no problem. No Nerf guns, heard. Where’d we land on super soakers, though? Gray area?”
“Oh sweetheart.” Steve didn’t let go of Peter, but he rumbled at Tony comfortingly. “My Omega, shhhh. It’s okay. We’re all gonna be okay, alright?”
“I--I--I--” Steve couldn’t have put a sentence together if his life depended on it, and Tony only winked, spun around on his heel and sashayed his way back towards the kitchen to check the roast. “Oh
“I’ve never been away from Pete on my birthday and I’m not going to start now.” Tony interrupted. “I’ll send an Uber for you. I’ve got lobster and steak coming for dinner and a bottle of champagne I shouldn’t drink all by myself. Please?”
by Grandma Peggy, and laughing under his breath as Tony burrowed mortified into his chest. “Forgot about Peggy and Pete. Thought we had a few more minutes before anyone woke up.”
Instead the Alpha picked up Tony's hand from where the Omega was gripping at the counter top for dear life, and kissed the lightly calloused fingertips and then went to get Tony's jacket so they
“You know, I didn’t expect it to be the first thing I said either.” Steve admitted self consciously, and the tiny tiny smile Tony gave him thrilled him right to his soul. “I just uh-- you know the bluntly honest thing really worked for me on our first date, figured it would work this time too?”
“I love you too.” Tony was squirming, trying to reach for Steve to drag him back down, popping his fangs and purring nearly growling until the Alpha was braced over him again, settled heavy on him again. “Steve-- Steve-- don’t leave me. Don’t let go.”
Steve stirred at the mix for a long minute thinking, sorting through his questions and discarding any that weren’t really necessary so he could ask the important ones.
Most mating nights took place with the Omega on all fours, the Alpha knotting them from behind because it was easier but Steve wasn’t concerned with easier and Tony purred so sweet when he pinned him to the pillows face to face that it would be
, towering over Tony and caging him in with thick arms and even when Tony stood on his toes, even when Steve groaned something approving and grabbed at the back of Tony’s thighs to heft him easily up onto the counter and they were eye to eye kissing, licking, sucking at each other’s mouths, the Omega felt tiny and surrounded and he
“C’mon.” the Alpha’s scent warmed in understanding of Tony’s speechlessness as he stood with Peter in his arms and crossed towards the stairs. “I’ll carry this guy downstairs to bed for you. I know he needs a bath but he’s out hard and the paints already dry anyway. We’ll just put a towel down and wash the sheets tomorrow, okay?”
left the Alpha whirling, nearly wheezing, dizzy on his feet and unable to put anything coherent together with so many questions that suddenly needed to be asked.
The room was stunning, a king sized bed in a private bedroom and a separate sitting room with floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the city. The shower was huge, the oversized soaking tub almost outrageous and if the room itself wasn’t gift enough, there were flowers scattered around on various surfaces, no less than four dozen brilliantly red roses mixed with lilies and fragrant apple blossoms in assorted vases and strewn across the bed. There was a bottle of champagne chilling by the table next to a box of chocolate covered strawberries and a box wrapped set of champagne flutes for Tony to take home. A card sat near the flutes that detailed the lobster and steak dinner to be delivered as room service whenever Tony decided he was hungry and a large gift bag full of overly thick towels, coordinating hand towels and wash cloths all in shades of ocean blue was tucked into one of the chairs.
Another echo of giggles, a flash of dark curls and just the tail end of a still bubble bath covered butt cheek as Peter tore past them into the kitchen looking for some juice.
“Couldn’t stop throwing up after using that Command on you.” Bucky winced. “Figured if I felt that bad, you hadta feel even worse and I didn’t want ya to see a locked door and think you were trapped.”
“Then what are you talking about?” Steve sighed at the painting one last time, then took it off the easel and tossed it into the trash pile with the others.
“If it was sketchy, there wouldn't be an app for it.” Bucky grabbed Steve’s phone off the side table and downloaded an app he had clearly already researched. “Look, it’s so easy. You’re practically shopping for someone to hang out with-- okay stop lookin’ at me like that, I realize that sounded bad-- I’m just sayin’, you type in all the things you’re lookin’ for in someone to take out on a date. You don’t like ‘em, move on. Like ‘em and just keep seeing them. Easy.”
He took a deep breath, Clint’s words about how Steve was maybe already in love with him ringing in his ears. “It doesn’t seem fair, is all. I’ve admitted to never doing the sugar baby thing before but even for an
Clint looked conflicted about taking what was essentially several days worth of tips from his friends, and he pocketed the bills slowly. “...this feels weird but thanks. Are you sure?”
Tony couldn’t muster the energy for an audible thank you, just took the water and drank it obediently.
“No, I shan’t.” Steve declared, and Peter punched his little fist in the air and shrieked, “No! I shan’t!”
The master suite was bigger than Tony’s entire studio apartment, the bedroom alone as big as his living space and the huge bathroom and walk in closet pushing the square footage well over six hundred, but Tony only had a second to gawk at it before he was practically tossed onto the king sized bed and sank into the plush mattress.
. He smoothed a big hand down Tony’s side to his hip and then the little brunette wriggled in excitement and rubbed up against him, Steve grabbed firm at the rounded cheeks of Tony’s ass, squeezing hard until the Omega gasped out loud and bit at him in retaliation.
“See?” Bucky wiped at his eyes and made a quick kissy noise at the phone for his wife. “See, you shouldn’t be nervous about anything tonight. Why are you cleaning like this?”
“Oh good.” Steve’s fangs glinted when he smiled in relief. “If the certificate isn’t enough to cover what you want to get done, just add more services on. Text me or have the spa call me and I’ll pay for the rest. But that doesn’t really count as a birthday gift because I bought it ages ago. What else?”
“The one Steve gave me.” Just that fast all the anger washed from Tony’s frame, leaving the Omega hunched and sober as he went to coax Peter to sip the liquid medicine. “I tried to return that watch he got me so I could use the money on the kids sale at the mall. The manager at the store
of the other person would be all that mattered, but since Steve had been honest to God horrified by some of the questions he’d been asked and some of the answers he’d seen on other profiles, and since Tony had just left most of those questions
mood this morning, the Alpha unable to quell a smile that stretched wide enough to be goofy as he popped biscuits in the oven and kept right on whistling. Introducing Bucky and Natasha to Pete, Peggy and Clint had gone really well, Tony and Bucky had made up and Natasha and Peggy had hit it right off as they played with Peter and honestly, the night couldn’t have gone any better.
“I love you.” They kissed slow and longing, sipping at each other’s tongues and nipping sharp bites at tender lips. “And I want to be the safest place for
The watch had been a gift, a spur of the moment purchase while Steve was getting his own watch adjusted at the store. It had been on sale-- which hadn’t mattered, of course-- a pretty piece the designer no longer carried and was the last available. Steve had bought it on a whim thinking the Omega would appreciate the uniquely vintage face and the butter soft leather band and since Tony’s eyes had opened
At eight o clock when Tony murmured that he had to start heading home, they stopped beneath a streetlight and smiled into each others eyes as a slow breeze brought leaves rustling down the street. The Alpha reached to tuck a curl behind Tony’s ear, his fingers lingering for just a split second at Tony’s satin soft skin, and when the Omega blushed over the near innocent touch, Steve nearly melted.
“You don’t hafta apologize for being a Dad, Tony.” Steve murmured, and pretended like he didn’t see the
that snapped from Steve’s throat had both the other Alpha and the Beta freezing in their tracks, eyes wide and mouths wider as the noise taped off into a cranky grumble.
“Go spend the night with Steve.” Clint open hand smacked the ridiculously perky rear and Tony gasped faux offended at him. “I’ve got Pete.”
“Don’t be cranky.” Easily pulling one cart and pushing the second along in front of him, the Alpha hurried to catch up with Tony and plonk a kiss on his head. “I just don’t want my first contribution to Pete’s life to be curse words. If that means I have to duct tape Bucky’s mouth shut and limit myself to saying
it for me.” Steve loved the sound of Tony’s laughter, and his not so smooth attempt at telling his Omega just how much he loved the idea of buying
“Ceremony.” Tony’s brows lowered in confusion. “Steve, I thought you were just being romantic about the diamonds. I don’t need a bonding ceremony or a set of rings, that sort of thing is for religious couples who want a blessing over the biological bond before they go on to have a wedding or-- or wealthy young couples who want the whole big party thing because they’re starting their life together.”
“Thank you.” Tony set Peter on the floor with his stuffed animal and went for coffee. “So uh-- what do you want to know first? I’m sure you’ve got a bunch of questions?”
“Are you wet right here?” Steve repeated in that same rumble, curling his fingers in to trace Tony’s cock, pressing his thumb into the leaking tip. “Oh sweetheart that’s so good, you’re so ready for me.”
“That would be amazing.” Tony huddled further into the warm jacket so he could hide the tremor in his voice and the threat of tears in his eyes. Steve really had no idea how much consistent,
“Likewise, Mr. Rogers.” Up close there were honey highlights in Tony’s dark eyes, enticingly curved lips a beguiling shade of pink with a hint of a dimple at the corner of his mouth. The flush of anticipation in Tony’s cheeks made the Alpha’s gaze tint
After moving into the Tower alongside the rest of the team, then falling in love with Tony and moving into the penthouse suite, Steve had been okay with letting the apartment go but Tony had insisted he keep it, if only for nostalgia’s sake.
“I think it was maybe page fifty two.” Steve corrected, and Tony smiled around the last bite of spaghetti. “But yeah, that's exactly what happened. I just needed furniture and I didn't care what it was. The living room is from a catalog, both the guest bedrooms are furnished from a catalog... I had a little input into the master bedroom, but it's just a bed, right? It isn't that important. I order in a lot of take out, go for my runs down the Riverwalk and Promenade and spend my days and most of the night in my art studio.”
“Okay, right?” Clint wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and plonked a kiss on his friend’s head. “I heard my sister in law screech it at Barney the other day and I dunno exactly what prompted that particular argument but my god, I’ve never wanted to use a description more in my life.”
“Well damn.” Bucky burst out laughing. “I’ve never been so firmly turned down for a pair of tiddies in my life!
Tony was sitting in the back of the car nearly halfway home when he realized he’d forgotten to get money from Steve. It had felt weird enough to just
“S’lot of effort for a date.” the big Omega yawned, jaw cracking with the effort. “What are you wearing?”
“A long way from your bedroom in Brooklyn, hm?” Peggy patted at Tony’s shoulder as she squeezed past him. “And yet Pete was just as happy here in this apartment as he ever will be in that Alpha’s mansion, do you know why?”
“I haven’t seen Tony in a month.” Steve started slowly. “There was an… incident at a jewelry store a while back and Tony ran away from our lunch pretty quick afterwards. Then he got sick, missed our date and has been so busy with work and now I gotta cancel cos I’ve got that deadline for the commission and it’s gonna be a whole other week till our next date.”
“No, you’re not listening to me.” Clint sprayed disinfectant on the table and set to work scrubbing the grease and
“No, but I figured you wouldn’t. It’s harder to show off your throat when you’re buttoned up all the way.” Steve heard what he said a second later and blanched four different shades of
“He’s way younger than you, Stevie. Even if he does fall for you, what twenty year old is ready to settle down and mate up and pop out a few kids?”
“Did she ‘give up’ on coming?” Alpha Sam was next through the door, shoving past Bucky and tiptoeing around Tasha to drop his crockpot full of the worlds best pulled pork on the counter. “Or was she ‘banned’ from coming because she threw a plate at the TV last Superbowl?”
The new angle slammed Steve’s cock right against Tony’s prostate and he was almost immediately crying out for mercy, nearly screaming, scrabbling at the bed for purchase, grabbing for his own cock to stroke himself off, flailing back to try and hold onto Steve as he hurtled towards
Steve’s mouth pulled down in a frown as he glanced over, and the Omega shrugged, “Steve. I’m twenty one with an almost three year old and I’ve spent the better part of the last four years just trying to survive day to day. I’m not exactly the white dress wedding chapel sort of Omega.”
in this part of town appreciated a pretty Omega with bright blue eyes and a smile that promised mischief. The staff was friendly and the boss was willing to dive in and work right alongside them. Customers didn’t throw things or shout disgusting propositions as he passed and holy hell all the silverware was actually silver… it was a good set up.
if those were your biggest issues.” Steve confirmed, and it nearly hurt Tony’s heart how far away from reality Steve’s wishes were. “And I would be thrilled if you called me for exactly that cos unless I’ve got a painting deadline, we could be on a plane and gone a few hours after your bad day ends. I could do that for you, if you’d let me.”
“You didn’t message me back after our last date.” Steve chose not to comment on Tony’s blatant attempt to get his scent and instead slipped his arm around Tony’s trim waist and side hugged the Omega into him as they walked towards the Uber pick up spot. “Would you rather me not message you?”
“Tony, this is like two months rent!” Clint stared wide eyed down at the pile of hundred dollar bills. “And then some! Does Steve have any friends who need a giant Omega sugar baby because there isn’t a whole lot I wouldn't do for this amount of money.”
“But it’s true, isn’t it?” Tony shook the bottle of liquid baby ibuprofen and measured some out into the cap. “I can either work myself to death at the diner and barely make enough to provide for Pete,
, but being bombarded by unexpected questions and then stared at by the intimidating Alpha couple had him trembling, wishing he hadn’t come at all, cursing himself for breaking his own rule about unscheduled dates and mixing their arrangement with any other part of their personal lives…
“I’ll have a day off at some point next week.” The Omega said after a moment. “I know that’s almost three weeks since I saw you, but it’s about the best I can do. I had to beg my boss to keep my job, I can’t risk trying to take a day off too early.”
Another touch of the paintbrush. “-- highlights that softness and then it’s all anyone would ever be able to see. Ivory here cos you scent like chamomile and see here? This red is almost pink, just barely pink for apple blossoms. This gold that runs bronze and then deeper brown here, that’s the color of your hair and then here--”
“I don’t really know.” the Omega said slowly, like he was having to pause and think every word through. “I’ve missed a whole week being sick, so I’ll have to make it up and I’ve got to pull a few doubles to help out some friends who took my shifts while I’ve been out. Can I-- can I text you and let you know?”
. The two year old had been growing out of everything lately, the hand me downs from the thrift shop didn’t hold up to the rambunctiousness of a toddler and with winter still around for another two months, Pete couldn’t just run around in his diaper and a t shirt all day.
time Clint babysat Peter drank soda for the first time and had been wired for hours. He was hesitant about meeting Steve’s friends and not sure he’d be welcome at the party. And The Omega was really
“Of course, give me the child, come here.” Peggy bustled forward and trilled coaxingly at Peter when he fussed about being separated from Tony. “Go wash your face, Tony. Put on some clean pajamas and comb your hair, sometimes a little self care goes miles towards making us feel better. Do you have any cold medicine?”
Silence for a minute, and then Bucky asked, “Well do you need some pointers on how’ta take care of him, cos I can send you some Wikipedia articles or a Sex for Dummies book or a--”
“Peggy.” Tony made an awkward, confused gesture. “And Clint from the diner but they’ve got their own lives to worry about. It’s just me and Pete.”
He shrugged a little timidly. “I don’t even know if kids are an option now that I’ve got the super serum but I guess I’d like to think that if it
“I wouldn’t know, this is my first time trying the sugar daddy thing.” the Omega paused, tapping his fork idly at the edge of the plate. “Steve told me I was his muse, that I gave him his inspiration back. The painting he made that is supposed to be
carrying on a rather clinical discussion about sex with his sugar daddy, but if Tony thought too much about it, he’d get a headache so he let it go. “I have apple juice and a little bit of orange juice left.”
. Steve’s eyes were practically glowing, still ringed light red but whole heartedly excited blue as Tony stood up on his toes to kiss him one last time, the Alpha’s rosewood scent shuddering possessive as he gripped at Tony’s little waist then palmed over the smooth lace of the panties and gathered up big handfuls of the Omega’s rear to stretch the kiss longer.
Natasha slipped away from the noise unnoticed and made a beeline towards the living room for a clean getaway.
. “You know, I’m not really sure what Nat does. She says it’s data entry but we all know that’s a lie.”
“Do you like it?” Still almost shy, a splash of sweet pink painting across Tony’s cheeks. “I couldn’t decide between this color or that shade of blue you like so much or maybe even red cos sometimes you say–”
for him, but now wasn’t the time. If scenting was too much for right now, then settling the Omega by way of stroking his nape was
“Yeah.” The Omega managed a quiet chuckle. “I feel like I’d be okay with that, but Steve should we talk about--”
“My Mama passed when I was thirteen.” Tony blinked back the instant tears in his eyes at the thought of his sweet Ma. “It was Dad. He’s an Alpha.”
of the month and Tony should get the full amount whether they’d gone on several dates or not-- and found his box of bills to rifle through and make sure every single one got paid.
“It’s um--” the Omega cleared his throat, running his tongue anxiously over his fangs and trying not to flinch when they cut blood into his mouth. “It’s one thing to say
“Steve?” The Omega tilted his head and sniffed at the air, searching for any hint of frantic rosewood and nervous cedar that would tell him something
“Not particularly.” It was a well known fact that most Alphas had no interest in kids that weren’t their own, that most Alphas wouldn’t even consider dating someone with a kid since their biological imperative ran too strong towards continuing their
“You take care of me just by being happy to see me in the morning.” Steve ruffled up the curls, wiped his thumb over a smudge of lipstick at the corner of Tony’s mouth. “And this was all perfect, thank you for such a perfect, domestic night. I told you what I’d wanted back in the war and you gave me everything-- the home cooked meal, the feeling of being married, being in our bed together. Everything, right down to me not knowing I’d love seeing you so much in a dress and lipstick.”
“Then we’re having a wedding.” Steve mixed up fresh waffle mix and poured the first helping onto the heated griddle. “Besides, it will be easier for me to adopt Peter if we have a marriage license.”
“Four.” Steve answered so quickly that Tony actually laughed a little bit at him. “Pete, a set of girls sort of close in age and then a little brother, a little Bubba. That would be perfect. Or if the last one is another girl we could try one more time for a boy and--”
The boxes full of pretty things from Steve came along, as well as another pile of clothes and extra toys for Peter. The robe off the bed, an extra set of clothes, the phone Tony had left in Peter’s crib playing music to keep the baby company while he’d been gone... Bucky even dug under the bed for the unopened box of diapers and balanced that on top of everything else before hurrying back down and across the street, hoping and praying that the only benefit to him crossing that line of a Command would be that Tony was still there waiting.
“Hey!” A loud voice from the doorway and the pair was jostled rather rudely first by Valkyrie and then by Hope who was racing the mouthy Beta to get to the devilled eggs. “I called dibs on the stripper! Stop hogging him Steve, you can’t invite pretty people and then get greedy--!”
“Alright then.” Tony’s hand looked very small against the breadth of Steve’s chest as he first flattened his palm to the beat of the Alpha’s heart, then grasped at Steve’s shirt. All his fears about eggshells and midnight had disappeared the second he’d seen Peter sleeping so trusting on Steve’s chest and now the weeks of uncertainty and being careful melted down
, but when Tony only hesitated a second before nodding, the Alpha could have howled all over again. “Thank you. I’ve missed being with you. I know you live here now but--”
for a few minutes before he asked, “You went back up to the apartment to get all that extra stuff for me and Pete?”
“You can say that again.” Clint’s eyes were glued to Natasha, the poor Omega practically wheezing as he took in the red hair and brilliant eyes and the way a tank top and cut off shorts showed off all the ink on her perfect skin. “Look at her. I mean, objectively I hate her cos she upset Tony but also, holy crap Peggy. Look at the Alpha
if he saw this. No way he knows his favorite Omega is working doubles in a place that should’a been condemned ten years back.” He answered firmly. “No way Tony is being honest about this or about a few other things either and I gotta get to the bottom of it before I say anythin’ to Steve.”
Despite Tony briefly considering finding a ladder so he could brain the other Omega with one of the cast iron skillets, his mouth tipped up at the corner into a begrudging smile.
. You seemed like a real person and that’s what I want. Someone real. I know this is meant to be a mutually beneficial relationship, but I hope that means we can be actual friends, and not like you said-- a
Tony was silent, devastatingly, purposefully silent and the steering wheel creaked beneath the force of the Alpha’s grip as they drove and Bucky tried and tried and
“Nat, I specifically told your mate no on the Nerf gun!” Steve called, and Nat cursed, “Damn I didn’t realize Steve was on the line. What do you need, Tony? Everything okay?”
“I wasn’t following him on purpose, but I was in that part’a town and saw him and--” Bucky made a vague gesture. “I couldn’t figure out what was going on so I follow him to the place and then broke into the apartment--”
“Not hurt.” Peter dimpled a grin at Tony, then promptly tried to fling himself back out of Steve’s arms and into the stuffed animal pile. “Bear!”
It wasn’t enough to buy a quick meal off the discount menu at the fast food place down the street, it wasn’t enough for cab fare or an Uber to the Urgent Care if Peter’s cough came back or if his upset stomach turned into something worse, it wasn’t even enough money for a spare diaper at the Dollar Store if they went out for some reason and Tony forgot diapers at home. Three dollars wouldn’t buy a gallon of milk, it wasn’t enough for a loaf of bread, three dollars wouldn’t pay to wash and dry their clothes at the laundromat down the street, so laundry would have to wait until next week, it wouldn’t even buy the Omega a beer so he could drink something other than tap water and hope it got him tipsy enough to relax.
getting hysterical. I just don’t appreciate a list of questions that have nothing to do with my kiddo having a fever. When can we leave?”
It took depressingly little time to gather anything salvageable from the apartment and lock the door behind them for one last time. The idea of actually deep cleaning the studio was laughable since there was no rent contract in place and Tony had always paid cash month to month on the lease. There was no security deposit to void, no cleaning deposit to be lost so Tony just locked the door and walked away without looking back.
“Pete?” Steve called for the baby instead of answering Tony. “Bud, do you want extra chocolate chips or extra
“For the record, I’m not opposed to you still working.” Steve said, and the Omega countered, “For the record, it wasn’t really up to you.”
“Really?” the Alpha poured a glass of wine and brought it into the living room for Tony and pressing it into the Omega’s small hand. “I’d let you win that bet.”
… Tony was holding Peter and trying to coax the toddler into taking another bit of medicine when Peggy knocked on the door and then let herself into the apartment with her spare key.
“His name is Steve Rogers and he lives in Brooklyn.” Tony chewed idly at a greasy fry. “Apparently he did a couple years pro ball for one of the MidWest teams, then joined the military alongside his best friend when things got bad overseas. They did most of thirteen years almost exclusively deployed and then were given an honorable discharge or early retirement or something for heroism in battle or--or going above and beyond the call of duty?”
“I know.” Steve said gently. “And you’ve told me about how much you liked robotics and engineering and I know life with a three year old doesn’t leave much time for academics, but if you want to re-enroll and get back into all that… I’ll support you. Don’t worry about the cost, don’t worry about schedules, we’ll figure it out.”
, shoved his fingers up silky smooth thighs to ruck the slip clear up to Tony’s waist. “Gonna let me in right here?”
Then and only then did Steve pull away, licking and kissing at the bruised bite and rolling them carefully carefully over so Tony was sat on top of him and not squashed into the bed.
about the Brooklyn apartment so when Steve got an odd text one day on his way home from a three day mission, he was understandably mystified.
When the scheduled Sunday date came around, Steve cooked steaks while Tony mashed the hell out of fantastically butter and garlic-y potatoes and they ate upstairs in the art loft, balancing their plates on their laps while surrounded by Steve’s most recent projects and the lingering daylight of the early summer evening.
“If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, right?” Steve’s bashful smile was endlessly charming. “I can’t think of a single thing I’d ask you to do different. I’d be happy doing this sorta thing every day for the rest of my life, I’m perfectly content.”
“I’ll go first.” Steve scraped a few more pieces of green chili onto the Omega’s plate. “What’s your favorite color?”
“Pete is only one kid.” Tony pointed out a little helplessly and Steve shot him a faux offended look, “Pete’s gonna have
“You’re gonna be late?” Natasha sounded calm but Bucky could visualize the neutral face of displeasure the tiny redhead so often wore. “But I’m already nekkid and waiting for you at home.”
if Tony didn’t want to stay and listen to whatever this was going to be. He didn’t want to step in and cut anything short in a show of overt protectiveness but he
The gold wasn’t quite gold, it nearly honey shaded, warm whiskey when the sunlight filtered through, sugar maple leaves when the autumn chill swept through and leeched away the green. Thready and nearly hidden in some strokes but eye catching all the same, fading into the background of the more brilliant ruby but dramatic and scene stealing against the hot rod red, complementary and perfectly twined with the scarlet.
sort of claim over Tony or Pete even if it was just a name on a birth certificate made the hair at the back of Steve’s neck stand up and his eyes itch to blip
“Partly because I’m scoping out this mega hot Omega.” the Alpha admitted, and Nat wanted to know, “Oooh, is he my type?”
“Hey, stop worrying, I’m on my way.” Tony came running back out the door of the apartment building and the Alpha straightened up again as the Omega took off down the street towards the shabby corner store, talking into his phone as he went. “No, it’s not a big deal, I’ll be right there. Yeah yeah, he’s fine, it’s fine, don’t cry okay? I’ll be right there. I’ve got some cash you can have, don’t worry about it.”
“I’ve gotta get a condom and some--” Steve’s throat closed up, core tightening with need when he made to pull away and caught a glimpse of the wet patch on the red panties where Tony’s cock was leaking, the shine at the Omega’s thighs where Tony was slick. “Okay, not lube, doesn’t look like we need lube. Just a condom?”
and Tony’s moan tapered off into a low purr of satisfaction as they kissed and licked at each other, a months worth of days apart pushing them to nip and bite and
“I suppose it will do.” Tony took the blanket and pushed his face into the softness, breathing in and out a few times to calm his heart. “Thank you, Steve.”
how unsmooth the gorgeous Alpha could be sometimes, and tomorrow Tony probably would make fun of Steve over breakfast but right
“I'd make it up to you.” Tony peeked up all thick lashes and kiss stained lips and Steve nearly caved and dragged him back in. “And I um-- I left my phone number on the table. You can text me instead of messaging me over the app.”
their bodies made every time Steve bottomed out inside the Omega’s sweet body and ground his knot rough against the still too tight hole.
“You were looking to catch me in a lie so you could tell Steve to dump me?” Tony accused, but there wasn’t any real heat in the words. “You and your scary mate could tell I wasn’t being honest and you wanted to know the truth? All I did was leave Pete sleeping for two minutes in our locked apartment while I ran down the street to give Peggy a few extra dollars for her prescription! I’m not a bad parent for that! You have no right to barge in here and be nosy and disrupt our lives and--”
They’d agreed on every two weeks to accommodate Tony’s work schedule but Steve had wanted to up their time together to
“Thank you.” Everything about Tony was graceful, and Steve had a hard time looking away as the Omega sat and motioned with a smile for the waiter to fill his water glass. “So, Mr. Rogers--”
“No.” Cheeks burning, Tony forced himself to take a drink and then another one to give his brain time to come back online. “No, that doesn’t matter to me. Most Omegas marry older Alphas and most Alphas don’t get married until they’re at least thirty anyway, so I’m fine with it.”
Steve’s kid and Steve had nothing to do with the ‘miracle’ that about tore me in half. It’s one thing to insist a mate would still find me attractive but someone else…?”
“I’m a good guy and I deserve love.” he said quietly. “And if this is a first step towards me getting out there then maybe it’s not so bad.”
“C'mere sweetheart, pretty Omega, c'mere.” Steve gathered Tony in closer, slid off the couch so he was on his knees in front of the Omega and could kiss him
“My god, I am really bad at this.” Steve mopped at his forehead and bit off a frustrated curse. “Bucky’s right. I’m basically a gremlin hobbit scrooge, aren’t I? I’m trying to tell you I appreciate you not showing up dressed slutty and I messed it up. I didn’t expect you to wear a tie because Omega’s never do but I didn’t mean for it to come out so gross and basically terrible.”
Bedtime in the tiny apartment was quick and easy once Peter was bathed. Tony read out loud through one of the three ratty children’s books he’d gotten from the free box at the library at Christmas time, he wrapped Peter up in the warmest blanket on the bed, then they sang a slow version of their very favorite
moments-- tonight when he had forgotten this entire thing with Steve was an arrangement, there’d been several moments where Steve was buried inside him and Tony was coming apart at the seams that he’d let himself listen to the praise the Alpha had poured over him and fell willingly into the
The Alpha worried at the inside of cheek, a flush highlighting his cheekbones as he pointed to another shade of particularly soft red with peach and mauve feathering. “I just added this stripe right here. Folded it through the shapes like an open blossom and it’s uh-- it’s um--”
, Steve. Going from a bachelor to a husband and a father over night is a big deal, most Alpha’s wouldn’t--”
Steve’s hips plastered to the back of Tony’s thighs, his teeth dragged red lines down Tony’s back as he gave the little brunette a few seconds– just a few breaths– to adjust to his size and then he moved, withdrawing achingly slow until the fat glans caught at Tony’s rim and tugged overstimulating at the nerve endings and then shoving back in as deep as he could, rocking forward on the thrust and pushing Tony further into the pillows.
They hadn’t even set a date yet, much less thought about invitations but Howard didn’t know that and a part of Steve was
Bucky breathed a disbelieving laugh at the sheer snark from the Omega. “Are you serious with all that?”
Bucky laughed softly, “Aw yeah, he was fun wasn’t he? Anyway. I’m part scoping out this hottie but also part tracking some scumbag down so I can afford to take you on vacation next month and then also--”
“Sweetheart.” Steve kissed him then, curving his massive frame around Tony and gathering him in tight to seal their mouths together for a long, aching moment. “Please
“Hell, I– I will always be careful with you.” The big blond stammered, and for the briefest second Tony was almost disappointed that even
“I want you to know that I accepted your message on the app because I felt like you were actually telling the truth about what you wanted in this arrangement.” Tony said quietly, frankly. “You said you wanted a friend more than anything, that you weren’t looking for anything serious, that you were new to all of this and not sure how it worked. And you looked a little bit lonely in your picture.
“I um--” Howard’s gaze dropped to where Steve and Tony were holding hands, to the child he couldn’t quite see, to the brand label clothing and jewelry that spoke of wealth. “Well. Clearly you’re doing well for yourself.”
stomped towards the bedroom. “Dinner can wait, but I won’t last a second longer with you dressed up in this.”
“It really is.” Steve smiled reflexively, fangs covered and tone tempered appropriately. “I’m uh-- I’m glad you like it.”
. “Tony, you gave me back my inspiration. You gave me a reason to smile and gave me back my joy of painting. We laugh together and I’m not lonely anymore, you challenge me and call me out on my bullshit, you aren’t afraid to poke fun at me and then not afraid to be honest with me…”
“Is it?” Steve wanted to know, and the question was like balm at Tony’s bruised, beaten down heart. “Cos it doesn’t seem all that different to me. Stay, and we can talk about this in the morning after everyone's had a good night’s sleep.”
“And there’s proof right there that this was meant to work out.” Steve watched with near adoration as the Omega took another and then another mushroom. “I forgot how to breathe when I saw your picture
“Yeah, no shit.” The words were harsh, but Tony’s dark eyes filled with tears. “I’m feeling real fucking stressed out right now. I-- I shouldn’t have even gone over to that side of town. I knew Pete had the sniffles, I should have come right home, shouldn’t have been spending any time with Steve. It’s not even our scheduled day, I should have had a
“Peggy.” Tony’s throat closed up in sadness when he saw the sweet Alpha. “Oh Peggy, I’m so sorry about how I acted the other day. You were just trying to calm me down and I--”
“Tony.” Steve angled his body so Tony was mostly hidden from view. “Hey hey hey, what the hell is going on?”
assumed I had stolen it, didn’t believe a word I said until Steve showed up and told them it was okay, and even
Steve breathed out a soft laugh and nodded, lips brushing at Tony’s temple. “Sorry. I didn’t realize how much I missed you until I actually saw you. And this lace thing is seriously compromising me right now. Am I acting dumb talking this much?”
“Heya sweetheart.” All the breath rushed out of Steve’s chest when he found Tony standing defensively in front of the bed, arms crossed tight and chin tilted up, eyes wary and entire frame bristling with aggression ready to defend himself and the small child curled into the blankets behind him.
Soft fingers at Tony’s hair, brushing through the loose tangles and fluffing at the curls. “Can I touch you here?”
Tony ran a hand through his hair, ruffling the curls up into disarray and unknowingly making Steve’s steps stutter as he realized messy hair and night soft eyes was how Tony would look at the end of one of those
“What’s on your mind, Alpha?” Tony rubbed his nose at the Alpha’s heartbeat and went a little more pliant against Steve’s solid frame, letting his muscles unlock one by one and trusting Steve to hold him steady. “I half expected you to be asleep already too, seeing as how you and Pete had
things from Steve that keeping one as simple as his age suddenly seemed exhausting. “I won’t be twenty one until May. They never checked my ID at the steakhouse so it never came up but-- but yeah. I’m twenty. Even though my profile said twenty one.”
“I told you I wanted to get you diamonds.” The Alpha sighed down at the ruined pan. “Do you want to be involved in that or do you want me to pick the sets out and surprise you at the ceremony?”
“You used the word evocative to describe why you liked red.” Steve pointed a fry at Tony faux sternly. “I was just trying to match your energy.”
“No.” Tony closed his eyes and tried to gather himself again. “No don’t-- don’t stop. Just don’t touch me-- there. Not there. I don’t want to be settled.”
“It’s just a Costco run.” Tony met Steve’s gaze steadily. “Couples do that sort of thing together all the time.”
“Every single one of the profiles I looked at had an age range of twenty one to twenty three.” Steve paused to order another basket of fries for the table when the waitress passed by, then continued, “I guess there’s some sort of stigma about being any older than college age for uh,
“It’s fine.” Tony burrowed into the hug trying to calm his racing heart. He’d learned long ago that as long as Peter was
he’d been the one to get Steve into the whole sugar thing, but that didn’t mean he had to sit idly by why some big booty flashy hair pretty fanged Omega took advantage of Steve's good ol’ boy gullibility and wrecked his best friends heart, right?
He blew out a short breath. “Having someone I love in the backseat of that car sans clothing just about tops my list of wet dreams.”
“I love it.” Tony blurted, feeling very close to tears as he stared at himself and the simple yet gorgeous shine at his ears. “This is perfect.”
money, rail road owners and monopoly builders, college founders and charity funders, tracing their lineage back to the very start and demanding the respect that came with centuries of influence, swaying elections with pointedly worded speeches and bankrupting competitors with easily bought secrets.
“I’ll kill you if you finish that sentence.” Tony loaded his arms up with three plates each and levelled the other Omega with his
The Omega was shaking too hard to even say thank you as they left, shoving money across the counter to pay for the appointment and calling for an Uber with trembling fingers. He had to get to the nearest CVS or Walgreens to buy the medicine and getting Peter in and out of the car and store without the toddler crying would be a challenge, but Tony didn’t have any other options…
. “--and now life is too busy to pick it up again. I could probably play a few pieces but it’s not near as good as it used to be.”
“Fiancée.” Howard’s gaze darted towards the baby again, but Steve purposefully turned enough that Peter would have to wiggle out of his arms completely for Howard to get a good look at him. “I see. Congratulations on the impending nuptials, I’m sure it's too far in advance to have sent out save the dates and invitations?”
wasn’t in control of the situation and that scared me. I knew if I had to get you out of there and that you wouldn’t go willingly.”
I’ll handle your Dad, Christmas, the wedding, you being a Bridezilla, morning sickness… all of that. Any of that. It’s all my pleasure, Omega. Anything you want.”
“...yes.” Tony forced his eyes open again and tried to smile. “I’m fine. Still with you. Don’t stop. Everything else feels good, promise.”
!” Both Alpha and toddler turned around when Tony raised his voice, eyes wide and expression pleading, Steve clutching the big box to his chest and Peter just excited about the colors.
Steve would do something about that but for now he needed to tug the satin piece away from Tony’s cock to circle his fingers around the straining length, he needed to follow the thin strap at Tony’s ass down into the cleft between the Omega’s cheeks so he could feel at Tony’s entrance.
live here?” The Alpha wiped his hands on his pants and blew out a short breath. “Alright, lets just see about that.”
the Omega was almost painfully turned on, his center clenching empty once the Alpha’s weight disappeared, his cock leaking and twitching, his entrance hot and aching because he needed needed
physical affection, so he leaned into the touch further, whimpering low under his breath as his muscles unlocked one after another and left him pliant.
“The name’s Bucky, but I let the most gorgeous Omegas call me Bronco.” Bucky didn’t skip a beat, parting his lips and licking suggestively at his fangs. “You wanna know why they call me Bronco, beauty?”
“I see.” the nurse made a note in their file, most likely the start of a tally for how often Pete might be in Urgent Care.
, shuddering and shivering, cock twitching in interest again as if he just couldn’t stop. “Steve-- Alpha just-- just hold me. Hold me right here.”
“Sweetheart, I’m trying to tell you that I want you and I want this family no matter how it started or how it might end up. I want to spoil you to death and I want to spoil Pete until it gets ridiculous. I want to mate you up proper--”
Tony waited a moment and confessed, “Clint I just feel like I’m walking on eggshells right now. I feel like something’s gotta give. And it’s not-- it’s not
.” the Alpha cursed again, but Tony laughed a little louder which made it all worth it. “Yeah, I was painting obviously. I was all ready to be excited that you knew my daily schedule, but it turns out I just look like I headbutted a paintbrush.”
, and his voice dropped towards a rumble, “I’m real glad to hear that, Omega. And whatever is ‘complicated’ about your life, I can handle, okay? So long as you’re not married, I can handle it.”
“Because I tried my best to provide for him?” Tony choked out. “Because Pete loves me whether he’s wearing hand me down jammies or playing in a car bed?”
The bed in the corner was made up neatly, the worn but still fresh-laundry-scents blankets pulled up tight and the pillows arranged artfully. The sheets were tucked, a beautifully silk robe laid out at the edge of the bed and the Alpha smiled a little at that-- he remembered Steve gushing about picking out a robe for Tony and the spot of pretty in the midst of well maintained and futilely cleaned
trophy husband.” Steve countered, crooning softly until Tony relaxed again. “And to be real honest, I don’t care how that happens, whether it's you going to school and getting a degree or you wearing stretchy pants and drinking wine all day while shopping. I don’t care how it happens, so please don’t think your decision either way will bother me, alright?”
“Your favorite color is an alchemic mistake?” Tony washed down another big bite with a sip of water. He hadn’t eaten in close to twelve hours, and had given Peggy his meal from the diner because sometimes the gentle Alpha didn’t eat much either and she needed her strength to keep Peter for this date. He was
me and you?” Steve waggled his eyebrows. “I love that idea. It actually sort of brings me to the next thing I wanted to talk about.”
into Tony’s core and lit like molten arousal as he helped Steve finish taking the shirt off and tossed it away.
“I… don’t think we’ve been on enough dates for me to be able to answer to that without coming off as controlling or maybe even desperate.” Steve hedged. “But in the interest of being honest, I’ll say I’m glad you’re
“When my Dad found out I was pregnant, he told me to get rid of the baby or get out.” The words had lost their sting for Tony, the truth of his Dad’s anger and those scary months of pregnancy long since overshadowed by just how tough day to day life had become. “I chose to keep the baby and he uh-- he put me out the very next day. Cut off my phone, my bank accounts, changed the locks on the house. As far as Dad was concerned, getting pregnant meant I was forfeiting college, a career and my entire future and he didn’t want any part in enabling someone who made such poor life decisions.”
horrifying situations-- if Peter broke an arm being rambunctious, if he fell from the bed and bonked his head too hard , if he had an emergency allergic reaction to an unexpected food-- in
clear to you.” Steve planted both his hands on her desk and leaned over just enough to be intimidating, just enough to make her swallow uncomfortably and take a step away. He wasn’t the type of Alpha to use his size to intimidate anyone,
“You also forgot about the gravy.” The Omega giggled, lips moving at Steve’s bare chest as he spoke, reluctant to pull away just yet. He was reveling in the newness of the relationship and the freedom he and Pete suddenly had, the lack of stress Tony hadn’t realized was
“With what?” Steve looked around the rarely used living room and sighed. “With knowing that finally giving in to football night being held at my place means my couch will be immediately destroyed, my TV might not survive Natasha and that I’ll be cleaning barbecue sauce and chip crumbs out of my carpet for the next two months?”
settled, eyes a little wild and chest heaving as he tried to get his breathing under control. “But you can’t text me tellin’ me to get home right away and that something’s going on with Tony and I can
Steve was sweating now, glad he had taken off the tie but still halfway to strangling on his own awkwardness. “Shit, I mean-- You aren’t um-- I appreciate that you didn’t show up obviously trying to--”
“I don’t.” Tony interrupted again, ignoring the sting of the word arrangement and tucking it away for later to wonder about. “I just haven’t managed my pants yet.”
“I didn’t have one of those.” Tony leaned further into Steve’s body so he could feel both the heat of his Alpha and of his baby at his back. “
, hurrying out the door as soon as he could with diaper money tucked into his back pocket. “I gotta tell ya, sweetheart. Finding out you’re a dad makes so much sense about a lot of things between us.”
Steve had never been so uncomfortable in his life than he was sitting at the intimate table for two waiting on his... on his
, I never thought doing dishes together could count as foreplay, but here I am excited about it anyway.”
“Mm.” A flash of red in faded blue eyes. “And which of your parents told you that? Because I can almost hear the echo of self important sanctimonious
. He didn’t know if Peter and Steve would ever actually meet and if they did, it certainly wouldn’t be right now so early in the relationship. The fastest way to alienate a new Alpha was to introduce him to a different Alpha’s progeny and god damnit, Tony needed the money from their arrangement too badly to risk it.
and Valkyrie and Scott are so goofy… honestly, how does a group of people like this find each other and how the hell do they all know you?”
Clint waited, eyebrows raised and hands spread, and Tony finally cracked a real smile, “You know for a goofy guy, you’re surprisingly good at the advice and talking me through problems thing.”
happy that you were going to switch it out for something you’d actually enjoy or be able to wear. These are the sort of things I’ll learn the longer we’re dating--”
from escaping when Steve answered soft and adoring, nearly growling approval. The Omega couldn’t even sit up straight anymore so he slumped forward and
“I can’t believe you dare to talk that way in front of gravy.” The Omega’s knees went a bit wobbly at the reminder that he was
It was unbelievable and so far past what Tony had been afraid of yesterday when Bucky had come to his house that the Omega couldn’t form words, and instead just cried silently into his cup.
“Mr. Carbonell.” She answered blandly, her smile almost condescending. “As a healthcare provider, it is my duty to establish if there are any particular circumstances or patterns of behavior that could lead to the child having any additional or future health issues. Unbonded Omegas are statistically very low income, it might be the cleanliness of the apartment or the walking to and from grocery stores in the cold weather, a lack of proper clothing-- any number of things could have contributed to this visit and we just have to make sure--”
Steve was grinning, all fangs and rosewood scent blooming thrilled and it was the truth but Tony nearly gagged trying to say them.
“Being poor like we’re poor means better off people tend not to think of us as human.” Clint grimaced in agreement. “Guess we start feelin’ the same way about ourselves eventually. Just wears on you.”
“Alright.” the Omega finally nodded and tried to tease gently, “I guess you could help a little bit.”
“Don’t forget to ring the bell!” Natasha called, and Bucky confirmed, “Gotta ring the bell. Make that Omega sound off loud and clear. Ding dong
in his nose or the way one of Steve's hands gripped safe at his waist while the other slid slowly, maddeningly,
“Night kiddo.” Steve blew a raspberry on Peter’s little tummy and pretended like he didn’t hear Tony’s huff of disapproval when the baby immediately dissolved into giggles. “See you in the morning, kay?”
though. Marry this guy and hook me up with some of his friends. You have tapped into a hell of a stay-in-bed business right here.”
get tired of watching the blond strip. Shirt first so he could gape at thick arms and a solid chest and the darker trail of hair that led between Steve’s hips and disappeared beneath his waistband. Then pants, pushed down powerful legs and fitted briefs where the Alpha was already straining, already hard and flexing when Steve palmed at himself eagerly.
“Sure.” Tony relinquished his phone in favor of picking up the burger and taking a big bite. Clint really did make good food and Tony was starving. He’d given most of his dinner yesterday to Pete cos the baby was always hungry and he was shaky after nine hours in the diner today without much more than a couple sips of water. “What do you need on my phone?”
“Safe word.” Steve shoved the lingerie up Tony’s back until he could get his mouth on every inch of exposed skin, kissing along the bumps of Tony’s vertebrae and nipping at the dimples low at Tony’s back. “Babydoll, give me a safe word and give me one
“A little bit.” The Omega wrinkled his nose and Steve promptly dropped a kiss on it. “Considering I’ve seen you wear tweed and run around paint on your face, you certainly don’t seem like the type to hang out with Alphas the size of brick walls and Betas who would make the Pope nervous.”
“It would be a damn shame if your butt broke.” Steve shifted so he could palm possessively, greedily over the tempting curve. “But just so we’re clear, you say no and I’m gonna listen, alright? I’m gonna take care of you.”
The tic of Tony’s heartbeat at his throat visibly sped up as the Omega swallowed. “Thank you, Mr. Rogers. You are very handsome as well.”
. It was Bucky’s favorite lunch and one he only got when a job took him this far into the city, which wasn’t all that often at all.
him to stay, right?” Bucky pressed. “Your Ma’s No Fail Third Date Spaghetti is always good for a round of morning nookie.”
Steve’s hoarse shout was lost under the sound of water when Tony took him into his mouth, but when the Omega tapped at his thigh in permission, he cradled Tony’s head with all the care in the world so he could thrust slowly between spit slick lips and feel the Omega’s throat convulsing trying to swallow him down for a few breathtaking moments.
a week after the very first date, and now that it was eight dates and three almost four months later he wanted
“I didn’t ask!” Tony hissed, ducking down in the booth and trying to hide from the prying eyes of the last few customers. “Sheesh, Clint! You can’t just ask someone that!”
“No one has to say the negative things, I hear them right here.” Tony tapped at his temple meaningfully, and continued softer, “It’s been such a long time since I felt even remotely desirable, I don’t even know what it feels like anymore. And while we’re on the subject, it’s been so long since I’ve had
to sleep on. Two went on Pete’s side of the bed so the toddler wouldn’t roll in his sleep and bump into the wall, one replaced the paper thin cushion in the worn recliner, and Tony carried the last two down the stairs to Peggy’s apartment and tucked them into the gentle Alphas bed.
“Babydoll.” Steve found a silky chemise high under Tony’s dress and more lace beneath his fingertips, warm and damp, stretching taut over the length of Tony’s cock, and his voice bottomed out somewhere near a growl-- “Are you
Peggy was far too old fashioned and polite an Alpha to ask an Omega about sex, even one she loved as much as Tony, so she waited patiently for him to continue and after a long moment, Tony admitted--
side of things? I don’t see why someone at thirty would be less fun than someone at twenty two, to be real honest, I think the still-in-college kid would be downright obnoxious but I guess everyone’s got preferences.”
The third floor loft-turned-art-studio at Steve’s house caught the late afternoon sunlight from three different angles thanks to the windows he’d had installed the day after moving in. Morning sun tended to be too weak for natural light, midday sun too bright and often glaring, but the late afternoons and early evenings before the sun dipped behind the taller buildings in the distance was the perfect time for the Alpha to don his trusty painting apron and let his imagination and creativity out to run a little wild.
Tony chewed at his bottom lip reading the message, wondering if he was going to reply or not. His heart was
his little mate until they were slick together, grinding together, kisses sloppy and bites desperate as Tony pleaded with him to
Soapy steam billowed around them as the Alpha plunged into Tony’s core, water plastering hair to foreheads and streaming into their eyes as Tony tried to roll his hips forward and meet each of the Alpha’s thrusts, every stroke and push and drag through his core.
when a tremor of thready chamomile reached his nose. They might have laughed through the better part of the date but being close two different times-- even for mostly innocent reasons like when Steve had tried to correct his blunder about Tony’s age and now when Tony tried to wipe his face-- had proved that the initial attraction from their first date hadn’t waned at all.
“Probably.” Tony allowed, then took a deep breath and admitted, “I work at a really shitty diner out by the train tracks, Steve. I know I told you I waitressed at a place in Midtown, but it’s less in Midtown and actually closer to the freight yards and it’s-- it’s less of a
“My circumstances have… changed, Anthony.” Howard admitted after a moment. “My health is not what it once was, which prompted my retirement from a more active position in the company. These daily walks are more to ensure proper blood flow and ample oxygen than they are because I am bored. I have had the time to reflect on my actions and what they have cost and I find myself… lonely. Saddened by my choices and the resulting consequences.”
“Tony’s schedule isn’t very flexible.” The Alpha hedged. “He made a comment about his life being more complicated than I realized and that’s why he’s strict about the two weeks between dates and I’m trying to respect that.”
“My whole fantasy was to meet someone and fall in love.” Steve tickled Archie’s tummy and the puppy growfed at him, then looked up to meet Tony’s eyes steadily. “Get married, have a kid, live happily ever after. Seems like I’m only missing one thing from that equation, so I should start looking at rings, huh?”
“No one can prove it since I’m all the way over there.” the redhead said calmly. “What were you and Steve talking about?”
“No no, I’m serious.” Clint swept the few dollars of tip off a table and gathered up the dirty dishes. “You’re Cinderella, babe. Rags to riches. Working in the pit of hell, then you wore some slutty leggings and seduced the guy, and now your Prince Charming has carried you and your little gremlin off to the castle. I’m almost positive that fairy tale ends with Cinderella getting her back blown out by--”
“Hey, you’re smiling.” Clint was off shift too, and the other Omega sandwiched himself in next to Tony, swiping one of the fries and drowning it in ketchup. “I like it. What’s up, did you finally match someone on that app?”
--Tony was dizzy, weepy, too sick to really think straight, too exhausted to stop a thready, anxious
--” Steve winced when the old lady at the booth behind them made an outraged little noise. “--way to make sure you were taken care of. I don’t want to slip up and forget some time if a date runs long and I sure as hell don’t want to put you on the spot with having to ask me for it. I know you said you’d throw wine at me the next time I ordered for you, but asking for money you’re
“Good for you.” Peggy tucked Peter’s blanket a little tighter around his little feet. “A nice Alpha to pay for your Uber. But how much is he paying
“I’m absolutely sure.” Tony sat on the bed next to Clint with Peter sat snug on his lap. “Can I tell you something?”
when a steady hand at the small of his back coaxed him up and onto his toes to meet Steve halfway in a slow, thorough kiss. The Alpha molded their mouths together with a low groan, brought Tony into his chest with nothing but the barest pressure and when the Omega
“Steve.” Tony closed his fangs only lightly over the Alpha’s ear, and Steve shut right up, fingers flexing briefly possessive at Tony’s waist. “I’m glad to see you too.”
“Pete could sleep through a hurricane.” Tony leaned back far enough to force the Alpha to lift his head. “Steve listen. You said you wanted to talk in the morning so--”
saying no, Steve. This is still a yes. And not just because my butt would break if it landed on your kitchen floor.”
“Oh my god.” Clint chuckled to himself. “God damn Tony. Go home and put that Alpha out of his misery would you? He’s out here painting odes to your eyeballs and you’re here wondering when midnight will hit and the fairy tale will be over? Babycakes, you leapt right over midnight and right to the morning after where the Prince is making you pancakes and buying your kiddo clothes! Your nervous about this cos you haven’t let your guard down enough to give Steve a chance to express his feelings!”
“Alright then.” Steve didn’t join Tony on the bed no matter how badly he wanted to crush the Omega up into his arms and hug away that sadness. Instead, he pulled up one of the over stuffed chairs near the empty dresser, situating it carefully around the boxes of Tony’s belongings stacked in the middle of the floor and sat in as non confrontational a pose as possible. “Can we talk about a few things? Or would you rather sleep it off first and we can talk in the morning?”
“I don’t understand how you did that.” Tony twisted back and forth in front of the small mirror, craning his neck to see where the tail ends disappeared under the crisply folded hem at the back. “How did you do that?”
at his thighs as he smoothed his fingers over the expanse of muscle and golden skin, the Alpha’s body always breathtaking but somehow
Tony spent the entire morning of his birthday at the spa in the 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge. Peggy held onto Peter, the Omega muted any and all calls and text messages from his boss asking him to please come in on his day off because it was Memorial Day weekend and they were busy, and after a quick text to Steve to let the Alpha know he had arrived, Tony put his phone away and slipped into  a luxuriously fluffy robe to be led through a day of pampering.
Tony waited to call Steve until almost one in the morning, well past when Peggy had fallen asleep in the comfortable bed and after Peter had passed out from sheer exhaustion. The Omega settled into one of the chairs by the window and waited for Steve to pick up the phone, burrowed into the plush robe, sipping at the last of the champagne and replaying his and Peggy’s conversation in his mind.
“Right right.” Clint pursed his lips, debated making a crack about diapers and something vaguely horrifying about how some adults were
“Definitely as happy as you are.” Tony was practically starry eyed as they parted, chamomile and apple blossom scent bubbling over with pleasure and excitement. “I feel like I should be half comatose after what you did to me last night, but I think I could go for another round or two if you’re up for it,
“I’m the Captain.” Steve couldn’t keep his hands off Tony, holding the Omega securely at his side, fingers resting at Tony’s hip and down onto the rise of the Omega’s rear, his other hand sat at Tony’s leg. He wanted to put Tony right on his lap and he wanted to smother the Omega in a kiss but neither of those things would go over well with his obnoxious friends, so he contented himself with just holding Tony close instead. “They were all under my Command when I was in the Army.”
“Is the tie really that bad?” Tony glanced at and then away from the bare skin at Steve’s throat. “You act as if you were just saved from the gallows.”
Peter babbled something that might have been the Mac and Cheese song, and when Tony’s expression crumbled, Clint realized-- “You think when Steve finds out about Peter, he’ll dump you.”
“What about the Fourth of July?” Natasha wasn’t ready to let it go yet, playing pointedly with her mini knife earrings because even her
First was a facial to erase the years of stress and waitressing from his skin, and the exhausted Omega fell asleep the moment the esthetician put the first warm towel over his face to open his pores. An hour and a half later, a Tony was gently awoken and shuffled back into his robe, it was off to the next room for a deep tissue massage that nearly made him cry before everything finally
“Steve, I-- I haven’t been to work in almost a week.” Peter started coughing in the other room and Tony’s heart twisted, stomach swooping anxiously at the sound. “I don’t have any food in the house and I don’t have any money to get any. I used the cash from the watch to go to the doctor and to pay for mesicine and now I don’t-- I can’t um--”
Jumping, running, bellowing after Steve to slow the fuck down and wait for his common sense to catch up had been Bucky Barnes’s full time job since they’d been nothing but kids and damn if it wasn’t his full time job now that they were grown ass Alphas with careers and medals and a nice letter from the man in the White House that said they’d killed enough people to enjoy a retirement courtesy of the Armed Forces.
, Tony. I want to hear you call me Alpha and I want to hold you and settle you and knot you because you’re mine. I want you to wake up in my bed every single morning and after everything you’ve been through, I want to be the safest place for your heart. I’m asking you to choose
“I know.” Howard Stark was a titan of an Alpha, but here in the open beneath the burn of well deserved recrimination from his son, he seemed small, he seemed
. Maybe if Steve was just looking to get laid those sort of photos would have appealed to him, but he wanted company and he wanted a friend and someone to spend real time with and maybe it was wrong and judgmental of him… but the Alpha didn’t think he’d find that particular person beneath the username
“Hey hey.” the Alpha shook his heads, pale eyes ringing in red for a tense few seconds. “I’m not really askin’ here, Tony. Get your shit, get the baby, get downstairs.”
“For two hundred dollars you can tell me anything.” Clint joked, but his smile fell away when Tony’s eyes brimmed with tears. “Oh hey holy shit, what’s wrong? What’s wrong, babe? I thought you were happy just a second ago, what happened?”
Barley surviving paycheck to paycheck meant bills were always strategically late to make sure more important ones could get paid, it meant any left over money wasn’t actually left over because he always needed diapers and there was never enough food and even if Peter had enough clothes right then, he’d outgrow them in a few months and Tony had to plan ahead...
left outside the tight channel the Alpha automatically reached for the nape of Tony’s neck, digging his fingers into the sensitive skin so the release of hormones would ease any flash of pain or discomfort, too focused on trying to make sure Tony felt good to think if he should have asked before trying to settle the Omega even the barest bit. “Too much? Does this make it better?”
“Little boys need dogs, Tony.” Steve checked for permission from the old man, and then scrolled down through the pictures of the individual puppies. “We can call it a Halloween present. Pete would love a puppy.”
“My god, you’re dorky.” Tony whispered in disbelief, and Steve nodded, a smile at the corner of his mouth as he leaned in to rest their foreheads together.
Steve had just barely made it down the stairs before Tony was knocking at the door, and he sighed at the Omega. “I told you I’d come down and get you.”
“That would probably be best.” Tony could buy diapers and baby clothes and toys for Peter with cash without every worrying the the Alpha would notice anything odd on the bank statement. “Thanks for understanding. Maybe when we know each other better…?”
Steve had still sort of felt like cracking Bucky’s skull open right up until he saw Bucky and Tony laughing together as the Alpha topped off his wine. Tony had still been anxious until he saw just how much Peter adored Natasha and even accepted Bucky, even though the toddler
They walked together arm in arm through the cold, holding Peter tight as the baby passed right out on Tony’s shoulder, getting hot chocolate from the little place next to the bookstore and then calling a car to pick them up and take them back to Brooklyn Heights.
“No, it was fine.” Tony’s voice was muffled a little beneath the turned up collar. Steve smelled incredible and it was honestly a fifty-fifty chance he’d be willing to give this jacket back when the car came. It had been a long time since he’d been remotely
“Me too!” Steve held a wriggly, over excited Peter over to give Tony a wet kiss on the cheek, then the Alpha dropped a kiss on the other side and they were off again in a flash, talking over loud about finding that promised car bed and huge boxes of snackies and
Tony wasn’t ready for the first stroke, for the first shove of the fat cockhead past his rim. Usually Steve opened him up three maybe even four fingers but tonight Steve just took him, pressure pressure
“Right here, right here.” Control slipping just a bit, Steve sat back onto his heels and dragged Tony’s lean hips up with him so they’d stay connected. The new angle wasn’t deep enough for the Omega, the steady thrusts too shallow and the loss of full body contact
, and Bucky groaned out loud in open appreciation as he eased back into one of the recently steam cleaned overstuffed chairs in the living room.
“Thanks for showing up.” The big blond tucked his nose at the soft spot behind Tony’s ear and inhaled the sweetly chamomile scent. “I’m so glad to see you, I thought maybe you’d missed my text earlier.”
He paused when Steve bent to kiss him, their breath clouding in the air as they parted. “What was that for?”
“When I was in college I always dreamed about taking a boyfriend to Howard’s office and getting railed to within an inch of my life over that big stupid desk.” Tony grinned mischievously. “Felt like a particularly potent
“He better not pull too hard at this shirt, it’s new and has to last.” Tony avoided Peggy’s knowing gaze and picked up the comb to work through the tangles in his hair. “I got it on clearance at Walmart but it’s at least two sizes too big for me and I don’t want to look sloppy, hence the tying up debacle.”
Tomorrow he and Steve would be able to talk about all this, about the surprising dirty talk and the kink that should
the simple words brought to the Omega’s eyes. “We’ll have plenty of mornings where he won’t interrupt us. Go get Pete, I’ll hop in the shower and start some breakfast.”
“My Alpha, you’re so beautiful.” Tony whispered, biting at his tongue so he wouldn’t whine when Steve only cocked his head and
the wages Tony had missed while he was sick, but before he could blurt out anything that would most likely sound like he was trying to buy the Omega, Tony added--
“Oh.” Steve swallowed back all the other stupid things he was going to say. “Well, I am a little bit lonely. I’m a
“What do you mean?” Tony gave up on his curls and just fluffed them with his fingers, not caring whether or not they dried puffy. There were way more important things to worry about tonight than whether or not his hair was perfect. Besides, the bed head look was still in fashion… right?
tore the Alpha upside and came out as a strangled growl as he ordered, “For fuck’s sake, get some shit and get downstairs! I’m tryna help you!”
Tony kissed him instead of answering, tearing at Steve’s shirt until he could feel the ripple and tense of muscles at the Alpha’s abdomen and moaning, grinding back into the grip at his ass until Steve was swearing and kissing him back almost savage.
“This is mine.” Steve bottomed out with one last thrust, the weight of his sac nestled against the curve of Tony’s ass and threatening to open him up further as he ground in the last inch, the last wide centimeter, trying to get as deep as possible. “You are
“Yeah well, most Alphas have never seen how Peter lights up when you give him those circus animal crackers.” The Alpha interrupted. “They’ve never listened as he points out all the colors he knows or see how fast he runs in the morning to hurry up and tell us his dreams. So fuck those other Alphas.
“You’re so hot in here.” Steve cursed out through grit teeth, digging imprints into Tony’s ass as he drove forward deeper. “Hot and–and tight. Fuck sweetheart,
self satisfaction and Tony laughed all over again, feeling lighter than he had in months, and more relaxed than he had in ages, feeling happier than he had… in
“How long did you play the piano for?” Steve scanned the list of milkshakes as if he didn’t order the same one every single time. “I don’t have a piano at the house, but if we end up somewhere with one, I’d love to hear you play.”
They were laughing as they re-entered the brownstone and while Bucky went right to Natasha to kiss her and update her on their conversation, Steve looked around and half wondered if Tony had already left. He couldn’t blame the Omega for running, even specially trained black ops teams got uncomfortable when Tasha and Bucky showed up and if Tony had taken the chance to bolt, Steve would just swallow his disappointment and call to apologize.
“Did you wear these for me?” Hoarse, almost disbelieving as Steve hooked his fingers into the delicate waist band. “
an asshole. And further more, as you so indelicately announced earlier, I have boobs, Bucky. I don’t have to
and Steve finally looked down at what Tony was wearing, the sturdy but worn working shoes, black pants that resembled what every waiter tended to wear, the loose polo and nametag. “You came from work?”
Steve had money and the whole point of the sugar relationship was for the person with money to spoil the person without money and
. It was his own rules that kept him from staying, his own rules that had him leaving before nine to get home to a baby that was secure and safe with a friend, his own rules that Steve tried hard to never break and Tony had no one to blame but himself for feeling so lonely right now.
, Stevie. You really never sit in this room? This chair is fuckin’ perfect for watchin’ the game in. Got this nice little table here that will hold all my snackies and drinks, a basket of like, ultra thick blankets right here on the other side. Seriously, I just live here now. You can kick me out after football season.”
is different. I get anxious asking art galleries for my pre negotiated cut of the proceeds from a show, I can’t imagine you would feel much better asking for this sort of thing.”
and while Tony didn’t want to think Steve was one of those Alphas, paying his bills relied on the money from these dates and he couldn’t
“I love that idea.” The Alpha said honestly. “Taking Pete and any future kiddos shopping for ornaments every year-- we could go down to Rockefeller and see the skating, spend a day picking out a tree, go shopping at the boutiques, visit Santa’s village-- we could make a whole weekend of it every single year.”
“I’m not saying that.” Tony tried to smile but it came out a grimace. “I don’t think he meant to do it, honest. I think we were both young and inexperienced with heat and Alphas watch a lot of porn, you know? I think he saw it in porn and saw the Omegas on screen pretending to be heat drunk and drooling and then really enjoying the sex while being pinned down at the nape of their neck... and I think he thought that it was a good thing, so that’s what he did to me.”
right now and we haven’t even seen each other in almost two weeks and now you know I have a kid and I don’t want you thinking--” he gestured meaninglessly. “I don’t even know. BUt I’ve been saving up the extra money you got me so I can put a down payment on another apartment and--”
When Steve has taken one look at the Omega Tony Carbonell and fallen ass over noggin in love… well here went Bucky chasing after his friend trying to wrangle a parachute around Steve's heart before it went
, but tonight Tony felt every bit of the nurse’s silent criticism. He had been out shopping and kissing and laughing while his baby was sick and tonight--
, and Tony knew his face was burning as he peeled off a few bills for the sweet Alpha then dropped the box of steak off on her table. “His name is Steve and he’s very handsome. Very polite. He even paid for my Uber home.”
Tony was chatting and laughing with a tall blond who was almost sorta unfairly gorgeous, an Omega based on the size of those pretty fangs that flashed every time the guy grinned, and a
“Be mine, Omega.” There was soap on Steve’s chin but it didn’t take away from the seriousness in the Alpha’s blue eyes. “Be
….Ma Rogers’s No Fail Third Date Spaghetti was made with a sauce that simmered all day in a pot, fresh tomatoes and marsala wine, mushrooms that Steve always picked out afterwards, beef stock and a little chicken stock for flavoring, onion and chopped chilies for spice, maybe a dash or two of Tabasco for some heat, maybe a bit of sherry if the marsala wine didn’t cook down quite right. It was a tried and true recipe that never turned out exactly the same way twice but was
at the edges and the beat of the Omega’s pulse barely visible beneath the lace at his throat made Steve’s fangs
“Steve–!” Tony fruitlessly squirmed against the onslaught, tried to twist away from the relentless suckling and then in the same motion pushed back further into Steve’s mouth, crying out loud when Steve
“There you go, baby.” he managed after a few breaths. “Th-there you go. All full of me. All– All bred up.”
The conversation switched from jewelry to sandwiches, whether or not Mayonnaise was even food, how sourdough was iffy because it was literally fermented dough…
“Hey Buck, I’m upstairs!” Steve called, and waited for the tell tale running stomps of his best friends feet up the stairs to the loft. “You brought the good pizza?”
And that meant Tony had to assuage Steve’s fears so the Alpha would be open to another date. Another date meant another bit of allowance which would go a long way towards rent, especially with Tony still too sick to work. He had to take another day and rest so he’d have the energy to be flirty and smiley for work to get good tips and afford groceries and some cold medicine for himself. He needed the money for a trip to the laundromat to clean their blankets and sheets after being coughed on for a solid week. He had to come up with the cash to pay Peggy to keep Peter while he tried to work extra hours, he needed to count his box of bills and make sure they were covered because the doctors appointments and medicine had taken all the extra money and Tony couldn't honestly remember if he’d had to dip into the electric bill money to cover that last prescription and before he could do any of that, he had to make sure Steve felt secure about them, that the Alpha wasn’t going to give up on them even though they couldn’t meet up for another few weeks and-- and--
“Yeah, sure. France.” Steve briefly wondered if the floor could just open up and swallow him whole. It would be a better fate than making an idiot of himself in front of the pretty Omega. You’re beautiful and you deserve a ...mutually beneficial relationship… with someone who can do all this sort of thing for you. I feel like I’ve been lying since I set foot in this place because I’d so much rather be taking a walk by the river and sharing an ice cream and I know that’s not what you’re looking for so maybe we should just call this all over and--”
...well anyway. Dressing for a date had been so much easier back when all of Tony’s clothes had come
“I called maintenance and had them come over and replace your lock.” Peggy fished a key out of her pocket and held it up. “I told them I’d locked myself out of my apartment and had to break in. They didn’t even question it. They had no idea if I actually lived here or not.”
nervous, darling.” Peggy set Peter onto the bed and clicked her tongue at the stressed out Omega, undoing the awkward knot and quickly, expertly twisting the ends of the too big button up around and under so it hugged tight at Tony’s trim waist and then tucked away almost invisible. “Now there, isn’t that better?”
“Yeah.” Steve’s hold at Tony’s waist gentled but didn’t fall away, the Alpha tracing slow circles into Tony’s lower back, playing with the lace where it lay against the distractingly bare skin. “Valkyrie’s not even the craziest one. You ready for this?”
proud of his mate when Tony stated, “We’re only a few months out at this point, actually. Simply finalizing the venue before we send out invitations to our already fully decided list.”
“Nope.” the Omega’s voice wavered but he refused to look away. “Nope, you don’t get to break into my apartment and threaten my child and then not answer my questions. Absolutely not. What are you doing here?”
off Tony’s sweet tongue pushed him over the edge. Steve buried his face in Tony’s throat, growling out his completion and grinding his cock deeper and deeper till the weight of his knot shoved at the Omega’s stretched rim and Tony whined half coaxingly like he was so carried away by the moment he might say
“What jewelry store?” Peggy’s brow creased in confusion though she tried to stay calm so Tony wouldn’t get any more agitated. “What watch?”
“Tony.” Steve stripped off his shirt and didn’t give a damn where it landed, kicked out of his shoes and crawled up onto the bed on all fours until he was hovering over his boyfriend and staring down into those whiskey warm, gold flecked eyes. “This is like my old life colliding with the only thing I love about this new life and it’s perfect. What did I ever do to deserve you?”
“Different.” Steve said blankly, fingers tightening possessively at Tony’s hip. “Honey, I will never want anyone other than you. You’re my entire world, I can’t even imagine
! that had Tony nearly crying with laughter as the Alpha scrambled to catch the toddler before Peter smacked onto the floor.
“I’m glad I have you watching my back.” Tony took the offered burger with a weary sigh. “You are the only thing that makes this job do-able.”
for the brief second he’d seen it before Nat put it away. “Well, I would need a ride back and forth? I live way out on the other side of town and I use Tony’s Uber account to get to work but wouldn’t feel right using it for a booty call.”
“I would doubt your skills at ambiance less if you hadn't nearly had a melt down while wearing a tie for all of fifteen minutes on our first date.” Tony informed him as he backed out of the kitchen with arms full of dishes and little fangs gleaming as he giggled again. “Candles seem like a stretch when you
. “Hey Omega, how are you? You doing okay? Is my dumb friend taking care of you? You eating enough? Sleeping enough?”
The Alpha pretended to think about it, then nodded faux seriously, “You know what, you’re absolute right. Buying you diamonds-- with paint on my face, I might add, feel like that contributes to the authenticity of all this-- buying you diamonds
He stopped when Steve dropped the spatula on the griddle, the Alpha’s frame tensing and knuckles bleeding white where he gripped the edge of the counter tight trying to keep himself together.
“YES!” Tony could barely breathe, the room blurring hazy around the edges and white spots dancing across his vision. “Yes yes yes! Please!”
“Oh.” Tony sat up again, clutching at his robe and swallowing uncomfortably. “Sorry, did I overstay my welcome? I wasn’t sure how long I could stay here and eat after my last service--”
“You um--” Tony swallowed hard, clutching the envelope and what was clearly a stack of money inside. “You really want my biggest issues to be a crappy day at work and a tear in my favorite shirt?”
“I might just uh--” the Omegas knees felt a little bit weak all the sudden. “Might just stay here? For just a minute more.”
The next morning Tony was out of bed at six am, nerves coiling tight in his gut and pricking under his skin as he moved a few boxes so Peter could get down from the huge bed unassisted once he woke up, then made his way downstairs, following the smell of coffee to the kitchen where Steve was waiting.
“You have a suit guy?” Tony laughed like growing up as a Stark hadn’t meant he had a suit guy, a tie guy, a cuff link guy and a guy just to set up the mirrors in his walk in closet whenever it was time to upgrade. “Fancy fancy, Mr. Rogers.”
Tony even kept their bedroom spick and span, putting toys away just as soon as Pete moved on from it, making sure the bed was made every single morning and that their clothes were folded in the dresser and not taking up too much space in the closet.
“I told you.” Steve dried his hands on a towel and turned to face his mate, pouring as much love and adoration and
“I liked it though.” he repeated, because the look in Steve’s eyes when Tony had opened the present last week had been so
“It’s good--” Tony tossed his head back and screamed a little when the Alpha readjusted so he was seated
“Good morning.” Despite being freshly showered and almost unfairly handsome for six in the morning, Steve’s voice was still slumber rough, rolling over a contented croon as Tony snuggled further into his arms. “I missed you when I was gone. Not to sound like a total creep of an Alpha, but I’m pretty sure I don’t ever want to be in different time zones from you ever again.”
was going to pout too. “Mr. Lee said a couple of weeks, right? You’ll be fine, you both will manage a few weeks without a dog.”
“Seriously, you will remove your feet from that ottoman or I will remove your feet from your body.” Steve was rushing around the pristine living room in a flurry of additional, entirely unneeded cleaning. “I just had them washed and if you leave muddy prints on them, this big vein in my forehead might actually burst. Move.”
“I’m sure Pete felt safe every single night with you.” Steve murmured instead of all the things he wanted to scream about how Bucky had been damn right to bring his Omega here
sort of thing, situations or events like a sickly child or an accident at home that never raised red flags in a traditional family could spell certain disaster for single Omega parents.
“No, I don’t think you should wear white.” Steve had to work to keep his voice even, to keep from reacting when Tony visibly cringed from the words. “Partly because that’s an archaic, ridiculous and ultimately hurtful stereotype and also because with your skin tone, you should wear ivory instead. It would be softer and bring out the honey highlights in your eyes and if we get married in the summer, it would also bring out the way your hair lightens in the sun.”
“I thought you were a Carbonell.” Steve stated pointedly, and Tony’s entire body crumpled in relief. “I just uh--
Tony tipped his head so the Alpha could scent him and only purred louder, tapering off into a pleased hum when Steve crooned into his ear.
“Mr. Rogers!” Tony shrieked with giggles when Steve swooped him up into a tight hug and peppered kisses at his face. “You got me a bonding present? That’s so delightfully old fashioned!”
Steve was cringing, grimacing away from what he probably expected to be Tony laughing in his face over such a ridiculous fantasy but Tony was about the furthest from laughing he’d ever been.
The art studio was destroyed, blank canvases smeared with various paint in no discernible pattern, some brushes broken and others left soaked in tipped over paint bottles, the color drying tacky and garish on the gorgeous floors. Up the walls--
“I beg to differ.” Clint shrugged off Tony’s embarrassment. “You don’t want to get too involved with the guy and then not even get plugged up full. What a waste of time. It never happened if the dick ain’t slappin’, am I right?”
second date, I’d be asking to see you in like, two days. Maybe even tomorrow. I’ve had more fun meeting with you the last two times than I think I’ve had in the last two months, and if you ask my friends, more than I’ve had in the last two
It was a careful dance of not quite lies but not whole truths and the Omega got more and more anxious as the questions continued. Steve usually took what Tony said at face value and only asked follow up questions for reasons of legit interest, but a group of soldiers and intelligence officers were a different story and by the time half time was over and the game resumed, the Omega’s stomach was
“Christ.” Steve blinked and blinked trying to get his eyes to clear as he leaned back after a long moment, rubbing a thumb over Tony's cheek and itching to reach to
