for you, Deanna. Are you going to prove me wrong?”
,” Cas starts to snap.
Sammy had looked at him with understanding in her eyes.)
“I don’t do girls,” Deanna says, because she has chronic foot-in-mouth disease, and also because she doesn't.
“We should probably talk about this,” Sammy says, stepping over the bodies.
(She’ll ask Ada later.
The police officer that smashes down the door, on the other hand, makes her head hurt. His eyes flash, revealing he’s a shifter, and Deanna reacts instinctively the way she used to with little Sammy in motel rooms – finger on the safety of a pistol, the baby behind her. She twitches, the singing in her head becoming a babbling cacophony, and the gun goes off at the same time as another shot rips through the shifter’s chest.
, as Michael-Deanna is consumed – the grief Deanna feels, knowing the death of a sibling, knowing how it hurts to be the one holding the blade, which directly opposes Michael’s complete resignation, that this is right and this is good, the unwavering belief they have in that which they must do.
“Hm,” Deanna says.
, Ada says.
“Since when do you do Ada’s bidding?” Deanna frowns. “And why didn’t the sigil banish you or Cas?”
“Ok, well, I don’t.”
Sammy leaves her some dignity, though if Deanna knows her at all she’s probably trying not to snicker. “Not really.”
He keeps going, smiling in an uncomfortable way and glancing back at his buddies. “Heard about this one down the grapevine. Maybe we oughta put her down for good. Take another freak out of the world.”
Ada hasn’t said anything, just stands behind them with her arms crossed over her chest.
John said,
“I’m sorry,” Deanna says. It’s such a frail response.
“She’ll be ok,” Deanna tells Sammy, and herself. She tries to avert the what-ifs – Ada can take care of herself, wherever she is. Maybe Jo had called her up.
“You are insignificant,” Death says. “You mean nothing, in the grand scheme of things. Perhaps you will hold Michael, yet he is nothing more than a candle compared to God.” Death raises his eyebrows. “And someday I’ll reap God, too, Deanna Winchester.”
“I’m sure,” Deanna says, and rubs her eyes.
“I had stuff,” Ada says shortly. “Can’t you two go to sleep?”
, but she mostly just wishes, privately and to herself, that she’d already given in to Michael. That Bobby too didn’t have to sacrifice himself because Deanna’s too weak. Also that she didn’t have to see a picture of Crowley frenching with her sort-of-uncle.
“World’s ending,” a little girl tells them, jet black hair and golden-brown skin, jean shorts and a tank top, eyes that are vibrantly and entirely green. “But you already knew that, didn’t you?”
That’s the thing about torture, that Deanna also learned. It’s easier to do when it’s funny.
“You’re the Michael sword,” Zachariah tells her, gleeful. “You will be his true vessel, and his perfect weapon. You cannot comprehend the enormity of this.”
, John asked, after.)
Deanna listens.
Saying yes to Michael is worse than being chained to a comet. Saying yes to Michael is like being inside the comet, like being the sun and the moon and the earth which it destroys, all at once. Deanna may have been made for Michael, may be his true vessel, but her mind still cannot fathom the memories, nor the power. Millions upon billions of years within this being, and Deanna is nothing more than a speck of dust. She has no more power than a speck of dust, either.
“But,” Deanna says, and scrubs a hand over her face, and yanks her hair behind her ears. She and Ada have the same type of hair – same dirty blonde-brown, same tangled half-curls. “You’re family. It’s your own choice.”
“We know,” Ada tells her. “You’ve already said so at least four times – move your legs over, holy shit, how do you take up so much space when you’re so tiny?”
“I get it,” Sammy says to Ada, surprisingly gentle. Jesus, the girl looks so young. “He was a shit dad.”
their lives. Then Sammy’s phone dings and the moment is broken, and she says abruptly, “I’ll be back in just a minute.”
, a slightly tipsy Deanna asks her sister and her best friend.
“Right,” Deanna says. “Right.” She catches Cas on the way out. “You good?”
Sammy makes a face.
“Oh, De,” Ada mutters – rather snarkily for the girl who tried to light Zachariah on fire the first time she met him – before her skin is flaying itself from her bones, before her organs are inverting themselves and her eyeballs are beginning to soften and drain from their sockets like water.
Sammy flinches.
Cas turns back to the three sisters. “I must go,” she says. She reaches out a hand, and for a moment Deanna loses her breath as Cas’s small hand brushes across her collarbone, but Cas turns the caress into a careful snatch of the amulet. Then she’s gone.
, Cas says offhandedly, of a passage.
“You think we should stop?” Deanna asks. They drive past a town that has one of those large, creepy billboards:
Everything had been so much better when she was drunk.
Deanna will grunt at him, Ada will tilt her head, and Sammy will step forward.
The Trickster smiles, a little blood dribbling from her nose, mirroring Sammy on her Ruby-era highs. Angels, Deanna has found, tend to do that. Demons make your worst memories. Angels recreate them. “Was worth a try,” the Trickster says. “Though maybe I should’ve given some to De. Everyone’s a little happier when they’ve got oxy in their system. Or, in your case, some good ol’ demon blood.”
Deanna didn’t say,
Deanna hadn’t even realized she was humming until she notices it’s the same song in her head. With the watered-down shelter of the amulet around her neck, she can hear it as one coalescing hymn. “I can’t get it right.”
“Did you hear what I said,” Ada repeats, and yanks Deanna’s hair.
“You save lives too. Just in a different way.”
“What the fuck!” Ada yells at the cloudy-grey sky. “What the fuck is this!”
Deanna puts Cas on the bed, gently lays her and hopes she can rest. “I didn’t actually – first of all, there’s
She’s bent in half, trying to remember how to do things like
The ceiling fan crashes to the ground and Ada gets a few shots off, and Bobby stabs himself with the demon blade. Sammy advances on Magnus, and then he’s gone, and they’re rushing Bobby to the ER.
she’d still had her father’s voice in her head, rather than an angel’s. She’d still been concerned with things like that, because it was easier to be concerned about that than her impending death.
“Look,” Deanna finally says. “Is your deal with Crowley still there?”
Deanna will tell her. Deanna doesn’t really cry, but her little sisters make her want to, sometimes.
Deanna doesn’t bother with her turn signal. She gets them to the parking lot, and then rests her head against the wheel. She wishes she could go to sleep; it’s the only time when the singing seems to stop, but sleep has been escaping her lately.
“What’s wrong with you?”
Victoria snorted and shook her head.
Castiel, terrifyingly inhuman, does not even react. There is no pain as she pulls the knife, buried up to the hilt, back out. One moment it is in, and the next it is not. She hands it back to Deanna, and Deanna has the sudden realization that this girl is not a girl but rather a thing. Then Bobby’s there, with a crowbar, and he swings it towards the girl with all the force he has. She turns, small and knobby-limbed, and puts a hand up. Yet again, there is no flinch. One moment it is moving, and the next it is not. Her fingers flash to his forehead, and then he is collapsing to the ground. Deanna makes a pained noise and rushes to him, and the girlthing steps back to let her pass.
“Yeah,
Deanna, though she would enjoy being drunk, is not that stupid.
But she was always emotionally stunted, and she didn’t. Asking Sammy to stay was something that she couldn’t do. Asking anyone to stay, was something she couldn’t do. John had never even wanted to stay, apparent in all that he did, and so of course Deanna had always known it was her that was the one who fucked things up.)
they are, pale and fracturing like a cold morning sky in some lights, deep and incomprehensible like constellations at night in others.
“How long what?” Sammy deflects, like Deanna can’t see right through her.
Deanna knew how this story ended.
“I had hoped you wouldn’t do that,” Gabriel says, and both the archangels turn towards their wayward sibling.
Deanna can feel her pulse thudding in time with her headache. She twitches her chin at Victoria. “Not my hunt,” she forces out.
They stop the car when the music in Deanna’s head gets too loud, when the fritz-veil becomes soupy in the air. Deanna gets out, feeling like she’s dreaming. It’s a new moon, and the sky is full of stars, and the dessert is empty and exposed. Sammy is shivering. Deanna throws her their dad’s old leather jacket – Deanna doesn’t know how to talk to her about food without fighting so instead she just keeps her warm. Anyway, the scars on Deanna’s back burn too hot for her to feel the cold much on her own anymore.
“Please,” Sammy says, “both of you, please be quiet.”
The girlthing does finger-guns at them, and then hops on her bike, and then she bikes straight into the lapping teeth of the cold lake, out towards the fog and the freighters. The three sisters stand there for a moment and watch. Deanna feels very much like the singular time she tried acid.
Sammy seems like she wants to argue, but instead they call Bobby.
Deanna laughs. It’s funny now, because the world didn’t end.
Deanna grins, hopes her teeth are bloody too. “Anybody else?”
She’s bent in half, trying to remember how to do things like inhale or talk, and then something clicks into place and she sucks in a gasp of air, unsure of how she ever forgot. This is when she starts taking stock of her situation – Sammy seems to be having a similar experience, and Ada is…Ada’s holding herself straight, standing in the middle of the field with her head tilted back and her arms spread out.
Yeah, Deanna remembered. Sammy had looked so little in the bed, pale and bruised. It had been Deanna’s fault.
“I don’t know,” Deanna’s saying to Ada. “She just – screamed, you know, and it was like her psychic shit, but worse.”
. It’s warm and smells sort of like Ada, but also like peppermint. Deanna yanks it over her head anyway, aching for something that feels like home. She follows Missouri back down the stairs, where she somehow gets manhandled onto the couch, and then her eyes are finally, blessedly, drifting closed.
“Car’s over there,” Ada grunts out, ignoring Sammy. They stagger, Sammy raving and mumbling, Deanna trying not to trip over things that aren’t there. As soon as they get the door open and get Sammy inside, Deanna spins.
. Everything hurts. If Deanna thought the world had hurt before, it’s nothing compared to now. Decades upon decades in the Cage. Did Michael come back out with her? Is she even herself anymore?
Deanna shakes her head, snapping back towards anger, which is an easier emotion to feel than the desire to get down on her knees. “I’m not
In the end though, it’s not Deanna who really makes Samuel suspicious. It’s Sammy, when the Alpha shifter charges through the doors, when it throws one of the Campbells into the wall and refuses to budge. When the shifter goes for the child, picks it up and shoots the parents wearing Samuel’s face, it’s Sammy who lets out a shriek in a language that Deanna dreams she remembers. The shifter gets tossed against a wall and Sammy collapses onto the floor. Deanna stumbles to her feet with a groan and a headache worse than any hangover she’s ever had. Gwen and Samuel – the real Samuel – are bleeding from their ears and staring at them like they have no idea what the sisters are.
Deanna chokes out a laugh that sounds like crying. Aren’t they? Mustn’t they be, in some way? Or was all that pain worth nothing?)
But Deanna watches how her future self draws Cas close, the fallen angel’s stick-thin form that moves so much more languidly than Deanna’s own Cas ever has. Future-Deanna has more tattoos, and a hardness in her eyes, and Deanna finally asks.
“The end of the world doesn’t mean we should stop helping people.” She doesn’t know why she said ‘we’. It's been getting worse recently, something bad on the news every time they look, and some of it is just the end. Sure they can do stuff about the Croatoan virus, but the rest of it? Hurricanes and earthquakes and people flinging themselves into the ocean? Deanna can't fight that, can't kill that. “Monsters are probably having a field day and all, what with the chaos.”
Things don’t get better just because Deanna was honest with Sammy. If it’s possible, they get worse. Sammy looks at her with regret and pain in her eyes, even more so than usual, and it makes Deanna want to punch her. Instead, she goes out and punches other people, drinking down bars and drinking up attention and slamming fists into faces that are attached to bodies with wandering hands.
“Is that Sam? Is she ok?”
“De,” Ada says, crouching down and touching her face.
Deanna snorted.
“Am I a girl?” The girlthing quirks her head. “Are you sure? You know, just because the angels and demons need bodies to mess around down here doesn’t mean the rest of us do.”
The people in the camp mutter to each other. This world is so hopeless, so damned. Whole states have been destroyed in some kind of enormous war, and everyone’s got a hungry, skittish look in their eyes. Deanna feels completely alone, without Sammy or Ada tagging along, until Cas corners her one evening.
For a second, Ada’s eyes glow in the darkness. They’re gold. They are the downfall of empires. Deanna blinks hard, and realizes it’s just a car passing by, casting light through the window.
Ruby snorts. “Heaven’s
“Ada’s out,” Sammy replies. “She told you that.”
But that’s not, actually, Deanna’s most pressing question. “If you had Lucifer in you,” she says, “and I had Michael in me. For an unspecified amount of time.”
Cas will press a hand to it and cry.)
“Deanna,” comes the low voice. Girls’ voices shouldn’t be that low, but then again Castiel isn’t a girl.
“This is my car!”
Deanna cannot understand why anyone would do this for her. Cannot understand how she has earned it.
Deanna rubs her throat and wonders if there will be bruises. “Why not?”
The whole working-for-Crowley thing doesn’t last too long. Which is good, because the demons who come to pick up the kills are dicks, in Deanna’s opinion. And Magnus Masters is a dick too, don’t get her wrong. But at least he’s more likely to tie them up and interrogate them than knife them in the back alley, which he demonstrates almost immediately after they drop off a rugaru for Crowley and find him waiting instead of the usual henchman.
, Cas says.
“Not a great comparison,” Ada says. “But yeah, basically.”
“You should both get some sleep,” Ada finally tells them, eyes flashing in the half-light of the kitchen. She sounds sad and tired. She’s the younger sibling; they should be taking care of her.
There’s a reason people think they’re fucked up, Deanna can admit. They might even deserve it.
Deanna clears her throat and rubs the back of her neck. “We have and we did, Bobby.”
Death blinks at her. Perhaps the most terrifying thing about him, in comparison to angels or demons or monsters, is that if Deanna were to see him in a crowd, she would simply look past him.
Sammy winces. “Injecting heroin directly into my brain.”
“Why do you think I fell, Deanna?” Anna asks.
The weapons are hidden, and Cas knows. She catches up to them in Wisconsin.
(When they’d met, neither of them had been the people they were supposed to be, probably. Both of them had been laboring under the weight of expectations, and lines that could not be crossed. They drank whiskey in the dark in the Roadhouse. They’d had sex before, and they’d fought before, but in that moment it was just Deanna and Jo. He was a spitfire, always arguing with Ellen and giving himself stick-and-poke tattoos – he’d given one to Deanna, too. There was rage there. It was familiar.
!” Ada yells at the cloudy-grey sky. “What the
“Is he ok?” Sammy asks, voice softening.
Sammy pulls Ruby closer. It puts a bad taste in Deanna’s mouth, but the guy twitches, and Deanna notices that there’s more of them, crowding behind him, standing up from booths. She glances up, meeting Ruby’s eyes across the table. Deanna doesn’t like the demon, probably never will, but if worst comes to worst Deanna’s pretty sure right now they’ll be on the same side, which is to say, on Sammy’s.
in here!”
“Were you?” Cas snarls. “Or were you just looking for an angel to roll over and submit to?’
“Good choice,” someone says from the backseat, and apparently Deanna’s body has adrenaline left to give, because it shoots through her veins. A car honks at them as they swerve and she instinctively checks that Sammy’s still asleep, which is how she notices that it’s Anna in their backseat.
Deanna opens her mouth, but Ada scowls, quietly shell-shocked. “At least you got him.”
Deanna is, she knows, a horrible person. She doesn’t want to talk about this. “Whatever. I’m going out. Need to stretch my legs.”
“Who are you talking to?”
Sammy crouches down and reaches out to brush the ash. She twitches. “I guess this explains why the ghost behaved sort of like a poltergeist. I don’t know what the logistics are of an angel burning out themselves and the vessel, but not the original soul.”
"What do you want,” Sammy snaps at him.
“And where will Ada be, at the end?” Gabriel asks, her voice sliding into something terrible, the kind of voice that shakes rooms. “That’s all this is. I want this to be
? There’s a man hanging from it, swinging in the light of the rising sun.
’ or so help me – ”
“I did not say she was not,” the girlthing says calmly. “Good is not dependent on the mistakes that are made. You are living proof of that.”
Future-Deanna loads the gun.
Sammy’s face is markedly uncomfortable.
Then there’s a gun in her face. She freezes, and goes for the one in her waistband, and wonders why they haven’t been kicked out yet.
Deanna blinks five times and then moves over into the right lane. She has a horrible sense of imminent doom, which has been a low-lying thing since Sammy turned ten but has recently ramped up even worse; ostensibly because of her second return from Hell but more likely because of how much smoother it has been than her first, which is not only a disturbing thing to say but an even worse thing to consider. “Yeah.”
“Joy of God. Alternatively, grace of God.”
“I’m sorry,” Sammy whispers.
Deanna is standing in the middle of a cornfield under a sky full of stars when she gives herself over to the archangel Michael. Maybe there is an ending other than this one, but Deanna doesn’t know it. She never has. She’s locked inside her own head, forced to watch. All she can hear is noise, is screaming, but she’s forced to watch. Michael wants her to see. Her sisters – she wants to tell them, that all she’s ever done, has been for them. It stands to reason that even this would have to be too.
“She’s at a bar,” Ada says, later.
Ada freezes. “Aren’t you?”
Victoria exhales through her nose and stands up, squishing a locust under her foot. They find their way back to the front door. “You need to get your damn angel down here, Winchester.”
The realization that John had the Michael sword the whole time throws her off, though. By the time the world’s stopped moving under her feet, she realizes Bobby’s possessed and Magnus is here, in a new body. Sammy flies through the doors, full of darkness and righteous anger, and Ada’s right behind her, shotgun in her hands.
Deanna almost turns and punches her, and wonders for a moment if she should just let Sammy go. Would she feel better? Would it be better, not to have to worry about Sammy picking back up another addiction? Would Ada follow her? Would Deanna be free on her own, travelling and running from angels? Would she be better off, less likely to say ‘yes’ to her apparently-huge role in the apocalypse, if her sisters weren’t around to be used as incentive?
“You and me,” Sammy says awkwardly. “Like old times.”
Deanna knew the one prayer. Or maybe she didn’t, but she does now, and she’ll never forget it.
Balthazar says, eyes intent on Deanna and weeping silver tears, “Because I have seen my family corrupted by this power before, and at least I can try to spare my younger sibling.”
Ada’s blunt, like usual. “What’s wrong?”
, and they will both sit down and cry. Deanna will not know, because Deanna will not be there.)
Deanna is – angry, and so very tired, and she pours it all out. “Why did you do it then?”
. “It’s not that black and white.”
Cas tells her anyway.
Gwen agrees to catch a ride with them. Gwen radiates mild discomfort for the better part of the drive, the interview with the family, and the rush to the next house, where they find another family dead and a baby crying. Deanna’s the one who picks up the baby and gets it to stop crying, and Sammy’s the one who ends up driving them to the gas station and subsequently traumatizing at least two old ladies.
They take the Alpha vamp hunt because Samuel trusting them isn’t a bad thing, even if he’s sketchy as fuck and neither of them really like him very much. As it has in the fashion of literally everything since they’ve come back to life, the hunt goes to hell in a handbasket basically immediately.
Ada doesn’t sound tired, which is kind of impressive. “Had a call.”
not the one who’s drunk while the world is ending!”
“So uh,” Sammy pauses. “It’s back.”
“Remind you what?”
Ok, so that conversation goes more smoothly than ninety percent of the conversations they’ve been having – most of which are derailed almost immediately by the fact that there’s something deeply wrong with the two of them and for once in their lives even
Sammy’s still as a statue, in the seat next to her. “I might go read,” Sammy says. She stands up from the table a little shaky, shoving her chair back and standing still for a moment as she tries not to black out.
“No time like the present,” Deanna says.
Deanna tells Michael.
Cas asks, almost wonderingly, “How do you still shine so brightly?”
Another car passes by, throwing light through the kitchen, across three sisters sitting silently around a table. Deanna blinks – rusted chains hang over Sammy’s shoulders, moths fluttering in the heavy darkness behind her. Deanna shakes her head – shadows on Ada’s cheeks that blur into faces made of teeth, her mouth crooked and bitter and flickering like a candle in the wind.
Ruby makes an aborted scream and Sammy twists around in her seat, eyes going wide and eager. “Are you Castiel – ”
(Someday, Ada will watch how she pushes everyone away.
“Oh, really?” Deanna asks, angry. “You told me you doubted – ”
Castiel is still, in such a different way from Anna. It is so inherently wrong, so unfitting in the world, that Deanna cannot help but watch it. Watch her. She steps back, and Deanna drops to the ground.
She can’t say any more.)
There’s some of Sammy’s exhaustion in their voice, and Deanna would like to focus on it but she cannot, not with Michael at the wheel. Instead she can only see the darkness bleeding out of Sammy’s soul, the Morningstar who holds her in their grasp. They shine through Sammy’s eyes, cold and unfathomable, but also superimposed over her tall form is many wings roiling with feathers like teeth, sparking and gleaming.
They drive down backroads in the dark, the silence as haunted as they are. Neither of them can handle the emptiness, and even their normal jokes,
“She is an abomination,” Castiel says, gently and madly. Her voice is hurting Deanna’s ears, rattling around at least three different sets of vocal chords. Sammy’s still crying, and Deanna doesn’t know if holier-than-thou Castiel has brought a contingent of more angels with her. Something blazes in her mind’s eye – the sigil Anna had shown them. Deanna tears open her palm because nerve damage doesn’t really matter anymore, and she draws it, gritting her teeth, and the maelstrom of which Castiel is the center flashes out of existence when Deanna slaps a bloody palm down the center.
“Well, that’s disgusting,” Victoria says, when she reveals the hole in his head. “A kid with no face and a planted gun. Racist son of a bitch.”
“Nice digs,” Deanna says, and gestures to his new body. She misses flirtatious by several feet.
The Trickster is a petite girl, shorter even than Deanna or Cas, maybe five feet at the most. She’s curvy, golden-haired and golden-eyed and drop-dead gorgeous. She sucks on a lollipop, grinning, like this isn’t the umpteenth time they’ve thought she was dead in the ground. “As hot as that tone is, Sam-bam, I’ve got to deal with the pretty little angel first.”
“Nope,” Victoria says, getting out of the car, straightening her skirt and blouse. “But it sure is one of them.”
? Michael-Deanna is not sure what this being is, whose grace had been cut off and dying, yet now having somehow fulfilled her heavenly orders she shines with the grace of a seraphim around her tiny body. But there is no order to it, there is chaos and rebellion threaded through her being, in all six of her wings which are singed with Hellfire and edged with silver, in the skeleton of her vessel whose cracked star-bright bones are engraved with wards against her own kind, in rage-filled eyes that spin over her body, of which many are blue but many more are silver and blinded by Heaven’s wrath.
“And?” Deanna asks, pulling out of Lawrence, the road underneath and the lonely sky above and her sister beside her, feeling like home.
She walks up to him as he’s taking a sip of water. She asks, “You know who I am?”
“He’s got some news on the Lucifer and the apocalypse front. The Colt? Whether or not he’s ok, Jo says Ellen’s keeping him in line, but…”
“Yeah,” Deanna replies.
Deanna shrugs. She fumbles with the flashlight, getting out lighter fluid and matches. She thinks about burying Zaqiel, and hums the hymn.
. If I could manage to deal with your,” she coughs, “uh, mess, I’m sure I can deal with this. Take Gwen, check the dad, I’ll be fine.”
“Ok.”
They order their food. Deanna sits back, and she explains it all. She yanks off her jacket, and rolls up her sleeve – the handprint and the wings, which are sooty now, white and oddly blistered. She talks about the end, about the war between Heaven and Hell, the uptick in demons and the reason that the world they live in now is a wilder, harder version of itself. And then she leans back, and quietly recounts the past few days. “So we’re back,” she finishes. “And we shouldn’t be. And we don’t know why, because Cas – our angel friend – won’t pick up the damn phone.”
“You are so far out of your depth you cannot comprehend it,” Death responds. “But so is Lucifer, and I do not appreciate being chained to a toddler throwing a tantrum, yanking me around to do his bidding.” He motions to his pizza, though it is unclear whether he is referencing how good it is, or the approaching mass extinction of a city full of three million people. “Even here.”
“How cute,” Balthazar says. “Torture. Very original.”
"So here’s what we think,” Ada says, voice coming over the tinny speaker of Deanna’s phone. She’s between calls at the station, so apparently she’s bugging them.
Deanna stares forward, down the dark road. “Soon.”
“You should be getting a call from Bobby in,” Gabriel checks her watch. “Oh, five minutes or so. I pulled some strings, made his life easier – or harder. That’s up to interpretation. But I gotta skedaddle now. Unfinished busines with some old friends, if you know what I mean.” She winks at Sammy.
“Hate to find myself agreeing with Lucy,” Gabriel starts, “but there really – ”
“Much like your line.”
“The technicalities, whatever, mean that it was then demon blood, enhancing her psychic shit,” Ada adds.
“Why are we meeting here? Couldn’t we have met in a bar?”
, Sammy will say thoughtfully.
“You’re an asshole,” Deanna mutters. “Both of you.”
Cas offers her an earth-shattering smile. “Thank you, Deanna.” She disappears. Half the shadows in the world disappear with her.
Sammy’s gaze drops. “She just wanted to tell me that nobody hears my prayers anymore.”
“We?” Deanna questions.
“Zaqiel. Purity of God. God has protected us.”
"For the love of God, Gabriel – ”
Alistair starts laughing, and Uriel growls something when he realizes what Deanna’s doing.
“Thanks,” Sammy says, her voice lilting up at the end.
Ada glares, but obliges, pulling into a Walmart parking lot. The sun’s starting to set, which means it must be winter now, which terrifies Deanna to no end.
She stabs the girl in the chest, straight through a nice white blouse and a pretty navy scarf and a tan trench coat. She ignores the mess of black hair, and the blue eyes that are clear like the morning sky at dawn, and she kills, because that’s what she’s been raised to do.
, Cas will tell her someday, bleak and alone.
“Hey, assholes!” Comes the yell, and both of them turn as the Impala screeches up.
Deanna had shaken her head. John had, even in his last moments, glared at her, sick of his rebellious daughter. Deanna didn’t know how he could say that, how he could even think that, when he’d spent his entire life drilling it into her head that Sam was her sister and her most important priority. She didn’t know how he could just flip a switch – blood one moment, a monster the next. Eventually, she realized she did know.
Sammy called.
“Hello, girls. Trouble in paradise?”
“It’s fine. I thought that I could just – I don’t know, go live with him for a little while. John. It’s fine.” Ada looks like she might be about to cry, all of a sudden. “Fucking monsters. Why’d they have to take my mom, too?”
to a Biblical level, a girl holding a demon-killing blade with demon blood in her veins, a girl with a shotgun and a sneer and a duct-taped soul, a girl marked by Heaven who takes people apart better even than Hell’s worst –
. That she is Michael. The obedience to the father, the anger at the sibling, the unflinching loyalty and the ability to ignore the discomfort at the orders one is given. This is within them both.
Cas blinks. “Well – in any case, I have a request.”
, and there’s blood in her mouth but it just tastes like all she’s ever known.
Deanna cringes; she hadn’t really meant to phrase it like that.
“I know how to drive the fucking car.”
“Dude,” Deanna yelps. “That was right next to my head!”
“Staying here will,” Sammy tells her. “You and Ada go.”
Deanna doesn’t know if she trusts Sammy, still. But Sammy’s just as stubborn as she, so Deanna and Ada go to the storage facility, and then –
When Cas arrives, slamming fists and knives and low, harsh, words into the angels, Deanna wonders how many times Cas will save her.
“You guys aren’t bad at this,” Gwen says with some surprise, which,
screwed you up?”
“It takes only blood freely given,” Anna is lecturing Sammy, swaying a little bit. “Be careful.”
“Do not compare us to them,” Castiel says very quietly. “You are different, Deanna. But you still know little of what you speak.”
Ada becomes a criminal in a small town in Nevada when a shapeshifter impersonates her. The shifter can’t seem to stop crying, and at the end of it all Ada’s name’s out there for vehicular manslaughter and Sammy’s looking at Deanna angrily when she calls the shifter a freak, and Deanna’s looking at the ground. Ada chops the shifter’s hair off, and Sammy steals them a car, and Deanna grits her teeth and wonders what John would say, seeing them helping the monster. Wonders, for a second, who’s actually the monster. Ada starts going by Ada Winchester, and Deanna wonders if she can trust anything John ever said.
Deanna will be the last to speak, the answer yanked out of her.
Deanna says, “I won’t blame you if you leave.”
Cas makes another terrible noise that sounds more storm than human, and turns away. Deanna tries not to miss the warmth of her.
After Jesse is gone, they walk back to the Impala. There’s tension, between Cas and Sammy, and Ada is talking loudly about something or other – some story her mom used to tell her about the Tooth Fairy. Deanna’s glad it’s getting easier for her to talk about her mom. She wishes she could think about John without recoiling.
“Fuck you,” Sammy says.
“De,” Sammy says. The bags under her eyes are so bad. She looks more skeleton than girl.
, the petitioner says.
Ada’s watching her. She’s pretty good at the whole
They understood each other well, in that way.)
“No, just…c’mon. Please.”
? Deanna asks.
“Get off your ass,” Ada says. “You’ve been dead to the world for thirty five hours, and there’s someone here to see you.”
at the same time as the rest of the hunters do, as the few still standing draw their guns and start murmuring prayers, as they realize that this isn’t just a barfight, not anymore. One of them actually makes the sign of the cross, which is – fucking
“Winchester,” Victoria says as Deanna swerves again.
“C’mon, guys,” Deanna says. “It’s
“Yeah,” Deanna says. “Sure.”
“Haniel,” the redhead corrects.
“None of them will listen,” Cas says, sounding frustrated. “Why won’t any of them listen?”
“Right,” Sammy says, with a sort-of wince. “Well the thing is, I was – imbibing the blood of a vessel, but because they
, Deanna says.
“Ada!” Deanna calls, but her steps are receding. She wonders if this is a trap, if this has always been Ada’s plan – no. Ada’s their sister. No.
“Why should we believe you?”
“Why the holy secretary look, then?”
"Rude.”
Deanna’s on the phone with Ada when Sammy wakes up, right as they cross the border into Indiana.
“Nah,” Deanna says, thinks about Balthazar. “That shouldn’t be too hard.”
Cas’ll frown. She’s getting better at the whole vessel thing, except not really. She still doesn’t breathe. She misses a door and breaks her finger, and doesn’t bother to fix it until Deanna points it out. Sometimes her shoulders pop out of their sockets because she’s used to moving a back that has wings attached. She’ll stare at them, perplexed, and they just hang there until she realizes she needs to use an arm that’s gone mostly numb.
They don’t find Balthazar. Balthazar finds them.
“Damn it,” she says to the baby. “
She will, someday.)
Except, as it turns out, the red horse is a red Mustang, and the sword is a machine gun, and when Deanna cuts his fingers off he screams just like everything else does. Screams just like all the ones in the Pit did, all the ones who thought they were unbreakable before Deanna got to them too.
“Helluva time, Anna,” Deanna snaps to them.
“The angelic weapons,” Ada says. “What does she want with them?”
-showing-her-emotions-behind-her-eyes thing. Or maybe Deanna just doesn’t know her well enough, yet. Christ, that’s scary, the knowing and the not-knowing.
“Huh,” Deanna says. She blinks really hard, and rubs her eyes. “Yeah, sorry.”
dangerous.”
Deanna squints at her. “That’s not the only reason we’re here.”
“You’re lying,” Sammy says.
Of course, just like Gabriel said, they can’t just kill Lucifer with the Colt. Of course, Ellen has to die. Of course, nothing in their lives can ever go right.
“Of course I don’t!” Deanna almost yells. The water of Lake Superior laps gently by her feet. It’s a serene location for a good, old-fashioned, Winchester-sister catfight. “But that doesn’t mean I’m letting you leave.”
she says,
Deanna told her. She was happy for Sammy, though. She really was.)
this is very long but there are some breaks so take those
“Yeah,” Deanna finally agrees, testing it out. She’s probably known since they came back, but she hadn’t wanted to admit it.
Sammy shakes her head, and keeps shaking it. “No.”
“How are you?” Sammy asks when he picks up, at the same time as Deanna says, “Hi, Bobby.”
“Oh, great, that’s all you can come up with.” Gabriel rolls her eyes. “I don’t want to fuck you, girl wonder, you’ve already got an angel stamped on your soul.”
Sammy’s eyes are guarded. “We have to play the part.”
A silly accident. That was what she told Sammy. That was what John told anyone who asked, the few weeks after it’d happened while it healed, gross and peeling. She’d been clumsy. She’d been stupid. She shuddered, just drunk enough to relax herself into something approaching vulnerability.
“Because God commanded it. And because,” Castiel says, “we have work for you.”
. “How come we didn’t hear about you earlier?”
Deanna scoffs. “Sam, I raised
There’s too much between the two of them. There will be a whole history, a decade of pain. The kind of pain that only the Winchesters could bring, and only to those they love.
They both took another shot.)
Cas frowns. “What is wrong with you?”
, Sammy would whisper back. Even when she made herself small, she was still angry.
Deanna shrugs. The day is going well, so far, and her head doesn’t hurt too much. Maybe Sammy’s psychic powers are back but Deanna is finding she doesn’t care that much. Some things seem so trivial, now. She shakes her head and tries to refocus. “Good on her.” Then, “You ok?”
The sweatshirt says
“Fuck,” Sammy swears.
Sammy also frowns. “Us two?”
“I thought angels were supposed to help,” Deanna says instead, kind of angry. “Where were you when the – fuckin’ ghost, the rising of the witnesses? When he was trying to rip out my heart? Where was God, for that matter, when I was thrown into Hell in the first place? Where was God, where were
Deanna aches for a drink, for the world to make sense.
“Yeah,
The first one out is Castiel. Michael-Deanna’s eyes alight upon her, because she is a curious case, because for them to look upon her is to see something warped –
(Bobby will ask her later.
Deanna shakes her head, keeps shaking it, feels like the world is falling apart. She waits for the urge to hurt, the urge to drink, but mostly she just feels sick.
“When you were drinking demon blood,” Deanna says, partly to be an asshole and partly just to get it out there.
“Pfft,” the Trickster replies. “Of course I am. Your lil’ sis is all safe and sound. I’ve got a soft spot for the youngest siblings.” She snaps again, and they’re sitting down at a table with tea. “So let’s have a little chat, shall we? Tea, anybody? Or – vodka?”
There’s been no recent deaths, barely enough residents in the town to have a cemetery. It’s weird, everything too quiet. Ada texts to ask how they are; neither of them respond. A thunk outside their motel room, and Sammy flinches out of her skin, which means the power goes out. In the sudden darkness, Deanna sees things drip and flutter, skeins of what looks like TV fritz that are gauzy and thick in the air. Her head aches, so she pulls Sammy up and away, and they head out into the desert with flashlights and Baby. Deanna’s following something. Sammy doesn’t question it, not the way she used to. Some days they can be De-and-Sammy and some days they don’t know how to do anything but fight, but no matter what they’re different now. Deanna’s been shying away from thinking about why.
Castiel the seraph and Ada are rummaging around, and Ada lets out a cry. “Hush,” Michael-Deanna says, and peacefully holds them still.
“Ok,” Ada says.
, she says.
That’s also around the time the windows start shattering. She claps her hands over her ears and then screams without realizing she is screaming, wonders if her blood will sizzle when it hits the dirt and this will all be just another punishment –
Deanna lies awake at night, listening to Sammy and Ada murmur. They get along better than Deanna and Ada, probably because Deanna’s so much like John, but also because Sammy and Ada both like all that lore and shit, like reading the books and that moment of
eyes. They might be glowing. Does she have a halo, or is that just a trick of the light?
Here is where a human would shrug. Castiel does not react, in any way.
"No,” Cas says coldly, but her fingers are gentle on Sammy’s face. “She is unclean. It will reject my grace.” She turns to Deanna. “You are vulnerable now, with Adamine too. Be careful, Deanna.” Her eyes shine with a horrible light, with grace. Deanna wants another taste of it.
“Yes,” Ada says, like she actually has any idea what they’re talking about, which Deanna is pretty sure she doesn’t, considering she’s an atheist.
Lucifer-Sammy doesn’t stop her, just watches. They don’t seem to mind; they always liked the bloodshed.
That had been a lie. There was nothing about ‘want’ in a hunter’s life. A hunter didn’t really want to be a hunter, just like a girl sometimes didn’t want to be a girl. They did what they could with the weapons they were given.)
“Ada?” Deanna asks, glancing back.
fucked up, and I want to fix it! But you’re not
"Thanks,” Deanna says sarcastically.
“Castiel!” She yells at the sky. “Get your feathery ass down here!”
“Sure,” Ada replies. “
During the long hours spent trekking from Lawrence to Sioux Falls and everywhere in between, Sammy and Deanna spend a lot of time talking. They set up a plans – neither of them likes working for Crowley, so Sammy calls Rufus up and they start looking for Crowley’s bones. If they can torch him, then the contract will be up, or it should. Neither of them can remember if it’s worked before. Neither of them, they’re realizing, can remember much.
Deanna wondered if she wanted him to finish.
“Gruesome how?”
Deanna doesn’t look up, but she can see Sammy twitch towards her, in the driver’s seat.
“Unseasonably warm,” a local tells them, shaking their head. “We don’t even get up past the eighties during a hot summer, usually.”
Sammy tilts her head up. Her eyes are bleak in the flickering warehouse light. “Aren’t I close enough?”
“Slut,” the hunter says, and spits.
at Deanna, who glares.
When she wakes up, the door’s open. Sammy’s gone and Bobby’s out cold. Deanna curses herself, and curses herself again, and that’s that. Both her sisters, gone after Lilith. Both of them, going to die. She feels bad, leaving Bobby on the couch unconscious, but she knows what her priorities are right now, knows what they’ve always been and always will be.
“In the flesh,” she replies, smiling wolfishly at him, but there’s a warning in her eyes, and wariness in his. She doesn’t let other hunters fuck her, and they all know this – she never gives them that kind of power over her.
“The baby’s a shifter, yeah, way ahead of you.”
“Hey, Magnus,” Sammy says. “Want to make a deal?”
“Where did you find this?” Their resident angel demands. “This is not holy fire.”
“We have to hide them,” Ada says. “I think that’s our only choice.”
“Rejected,” Ada and Deanna say at the same time.
ate or slept.
managed to bring Lucifer back, and also –
(Someday, a demon who is not a very good demon will tell them this:
Deanna reels at the glimpse of bristling midnight wings, feathers edged in silver, curling and stretching over the car and over Deanna. Then she blinks, and they’re gone. In their place is Cas’s cold blue eyes, more of them dotted across her cheeks and leaking clear liquid, down her neck with ridges of teeth, some sightless and white and all blinking at different speeds like a room full of clocks.
“Don’t get blood on the seats, Samantha,” Deanna tells her, wired enough to jab.
“What,” Deanna says.
(The woods were dark and deep. They played hide and seek among the trees. The sun hadn’t risen yet – maybe the sun hadn’t ever risen. There were others in the woods, but right now it was just her and her sisters.
“Who gets to decide that, though? It’s – ” Deanna shakes her head, thinking about Sammy, thinking about John, thinking about how her father used to say
“Do we need to do any – funeral rites?” Deanna asks, awkwardly settling the girl in the shallow grave.
Samuel, since the rest of the Campbells he’s brought are apparently demons or dead, is surprisingly mute. He looks kind of like an angry scarecrow, if scarecrows were bald.
“I’m fine!” Deanna’s vision in her left eye whites out as the singing grows louder.
“That’s the other thing the Bible doesn’t tell you,” Deanna says, and sighs. She’s sober now, and everything is horrible. “Angels are dicks.”
,” Victoria draws the word out. “Can we get back to the case? Not to interrupt…whatever this is, but right now we have, you know, slightly more important business to deal with. An angelic weapon, you said?”
“What? You’ve talked to Cas?”
the best.”
Deanna throws her hands in the air. “Who the fuck knows.”
“Son of a bitch,” Deanna tells the room. She mostly means Samuel, for the fact that he’s working with the King of Hell, but she figures it applies to the aforementioned King, too.
“And I looked and saw a pale horse,” Sammy mumbles. “And its rider’s name was Death, and Hades followed close behind.”
she didn’t know she was queer, or whatever Sammy calls it, but the taste of the grace is like a high and this one is so good and Anna is so
Deanna groans in response as the pain in her head returns with a vengeance.
“Hey, Cas,” Deanna says, and the nickname slides off her tongue easy as that. She glances up, at the trenchcoated angel who stands backlit by neon blue, unknowable and impossible. Deanna isn’t sure if her vision is doubling, or if there is actually more to Castiel in the darkness – gentle and inhuman, the small figure shadowed by wings and horns and those blue,
She was, admittedly, a girl-crush of Deanna’s, with all her gleaming muscle and locked-up eyes and long braids. This was, however, slightly dampened by the fact that for the first two years of their acquaintance, she was trying her best to put Deanna and Samantha Winchester, known and infamous serial killers, behind bars. She almost succeeded, too. Probably would have succeeded, if the demons didn’t get to her first. If she didn’t tell Deanna,
Deanna grits her teeth.
Deanna raises an eyebrow.
trust – ”
Deanna whispered.
“Like old times.” Deanna smiles without even meaning to. “Ok.”
Maybe they were beautiful because of it.)
“I’m not – watching you,” Deanna retorts. “Well, ok, I am, it’s just that – ”
– and tossing a match on the holy oil.
They meet up with someone who is, in some way, distantly related to them. Neither of them are quite sure how; neither of them, it seems, can bring themselves to care.
? “Don’t you see? It’s not God, giving the orders. It’s just your bosses pulling the wool over your eyes, pulling strings so they can raise Lucifer. All they want is war, Cas. War, and suffering. Is there anything better to die for?” She hesitates. “Please, Cas.”
“I still don’t think,” Sammy frowns, “I’m not sure she should just – give them to her.”
, Deanna Millie.”
“Yeah,” Deanna replies.
All three of them laugh a little, because really,
.” And then she turns around and slams the bottle into whatever she can find, and the glass shards cut into her hands.
And maybe that’s the first time it occurs, this subconscious realization of the lines between them, fighting a war millennia in the making, demons and angels and Heaven and Hell – but she doesn’t know that, not yet.
They stare at each other. For a moment, the amulet on Deanna’s chest feels warm, and she doesn’t see the world as it should be, but rather as it is. Deanna looks down at her, because Deanna’s just the few inches taller. Cas’s hair ruffles in the wind, and her trench coat is ripped and stained with blood, tied at her waist. Her eyes are bluer than her scarf, bluer than the sky, blue like Deanna thinks stars should be blue.
“Talking to Bobby, I think.”
Deanna shakes her head. “It’s not an angel, anymore. Just the vessel.”
Sammy nods. She’s still speaking quietly, speaking subdued. Less like she had been after Lilith and more like…like she’s scared. “I’ve been reading the news. Countries in upheaval. Weather thrown off. It’s wild.”
Sammy glances over in a surprised sort of way, like she’s not used to Deanna actually applying critical thinking to real-world situations.
“Really,” Sammy asks, when Deanna pours some whiskey in her coffee. “You can’t run away from things forever, you know.”
“That tone,” Deanna says.
“I am my Father’s child,” Michael-and-Deanna replies. “And so I must follow what he has ordained.”
Deanna coughs. “Rufus?”
Ada grabs her shoulders and Deanna recoils, full of pain and an odd amount of rage.
, you’re both smart cupcakes – at least, Sammy is. Sam-bam-thank-you-ma’am, how do you get out?”
Cas offers her a head tilt and that bemused smile. “That is how this works, isn’t it?”
Sammy shifts. “De – ”
“No,” Castiel replies. “I meant that you should show me some respect.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sammy said. She said it like she was spilling her blood on the ground for it. Deanna didn’t know it at the time, but she was.
“I had no
Ada raises an eyebrow. “Since always?”
“God – ” Deanna leans her head against the window of the shitty motel room they have. “I’m gonna go get her.”
, she says, but she doesn’t sound like she believes it.)
Sammy seems struck speechless. Deanna, though, says, “You
“In a way.”
Cas shrugs. Her falls from grace, plural, will have become less of a touchy subject, by that time.
Gabriel sits them down, and explains the rings of the four Horsemen. Cas is knocked out for most of it, and Deanna keeps glancing at her. But Sammy’s serious, and Ada’s serious, and Gabriel is as serious as Gabriel gets, so they listen. Deanna knows this won’t work – Gabriel as good as told her. But she can pretend, for Sammy and Ada. They’ve already got two of the rings. She knows she’ll have to say yes, knows that there’s no other end to that, but maybe, possibly, she can trick Michael and Lucifer into following her back to Hell.
“Oh, great, you gonna leave me just like everyone else in my life? Was all that bullshit about sisterhood just – bullshit?”
“I’m gonna go,” Deanna says. “On the hunt. To help Samuel.”
Ada rolls her eyes, but the harsh lines around her eyes soften. “Glad you’re awake. Finally.”
Deanna scrambles to catch up to her, messing with her own tie. Sammy pulls herself into a skirt sometimes, for shit like this – the whole nine yards, the FBI impersonation. Deanna doesn’t do that, not anymore.
“So who are you?” Deanna asks.
Deanna hunches her shoulders. “Well, fine – ”
, but something forces her hand. “I don’t know.”
“Uh,” Deanna says. “I’m – I think I’m good, for now.”
, Deanna used to say, in the same tone John said it. When she noticed why Sammy flinched, she started saying,
? That’s when she rolls her sleeve up, checking the edges of the tattoo that mark this body as hers, and she finds the handprint, burned,
Deanna hadn’t known what to do. But when her sister mumbled something about pretty girls, her stomach had dropped, and she’d turned red and sputtered something, and she tried not to make Sammy cry but
Deanna and Sammy don’t even know where all of them are; Ada hid some, in places she won’t tell them, and Bobby hid the others. Cas stares at Deanna, looking betrayed. Deanna stares at the ground. She hates this. She hates this.
They are both correct. Crowley is the only demon Deanna has met that has maintained a body this long, other than possibly Ruby. Said body is, more or less, a well-dressed corpse, though out of the corner of one's eye it is hazy like fog under parking lot lights. He smiles smugly at Cas, revealing a mouth half-black, and Cas bares her teeth at him in return.
Deanna, meanwhile, is swaying. Locusts. Where has she heard this? She knows this, this old song –
The room they put her in is a glorified cage.
Sammy had always prayed to God, capital-G, but Deanna had just prayed. She didn’t know who she was praying to. She didn’t know who was listening. Of course, it was after Sammy had left that Deanna encountered her first god.
“No,” Ada replies.
Castiel looks down at the body she’s wearing, like she’s forgotten about it. “She was very devout,” Castiel replies. “An elder sister, like you.”
, Jo said. He rolled up his jeans, revealing knives in sheaths and rune-tattoos on his ankles, and a mass of old scarring covering his bony knees.
another way!”
Ada shrugs at her. Sammy and Deanna don’t have a good answer. Their threshold for what is weird has gone significantly higher since the apocalypse began. Cas keeps glancing back at the fire. The heat of it is actually rippling away at her human form, and momentarily Deanna thinks she can see a great many wings, and eyes, and horns.
Deanna will reply.
“After this,” Bobby is saying, “you lose my number, kid. I don’t want to see you again.”
“You know what to do,” Balthazar says to her. “You’ve figured it out, haven’t you. Or – maybe you already knew from the start.”
– to look at her all ashamed, like Sammy does. Sammy thought Deanna was good once, too.
"Who the hell are you?” Ada asks.
? – not something you’d ask a literal fucking Angel of the Lord.
“Jesus Christ,” Ada finally yells. “Would you
“Why the hell do you think I go by Ada?” The girl grumbles, sounding like Sammy. “Nobody needed to know my name, until – that was the angel, wasn’t it? Until they showed up.”
Deanna says.
“Yeah?”
“It was like,” she swallows some of her sandwich, “like being chained to a comet.” She turns to Deanna, those eyes so
Victoria’s eyes don’t change. It’s one of the things Deanna envies. Victoria’s good at keeping her face clean, clear of emotion; she’d been a fed for a reason. She responds, “Try me.”
“The world does not revolve around you,” Cas snaps. “Some of us have battles to fight. Pardon me for not responding, but I’ve spent the past several days as a wavelength of celestial intent warring with Raphael’s forces in Heaven. I don’t have time to deal with you, Deanna Winchester – ”
“Deanna,” Crowley says. “Sometimes people are just people. You’ve been hunting so long you’ve forgotten: sometimes people are just people, and sometimes they’re just horrible.” He snorts. “Otherwise,
Everything goes quiet, except that it doesn’t, because the world is never quiet for Deanna anymore.
Sammy turns to Deanna. “Why’d Cas think you’d be able to find them?”
“Nice to see you too,” Deanna groans out. She glances around for Sammy. Her younger sister is bent over on her knees, hacking up her lungs, coughing out phlegm and blood and tar. But as soon as their eyes meet, Deanna’s frantic and Sammy’s desperate, something flashes – black and silvery blue, wings like fire, energy and burning stars and pain. Deanna moans, clutching her head. Sammy’s scrabbling backwards in the dust.
. “We’re gonna just, you know, go now.” She picks up the baby and slings Sammy’s gargantuan limbs across her shoulders, and hightails it out of there before any of the Campbells can react.
Deanna gets the needle under his fingernails. She whispers an apology to the poor soul whose body this used to be, but he’s not there anymore, whoever he was. One difference she’s noticed between demons and angels and how they wear their vessels – angels forget to take care of them. Demons just don’t care.
It’s eleven at night and they’re in one of those twenty-four-hour Waffle Houses, where the food’s pretty shitty but people can vanish into the bathrooms and nobody will notice. Waffle Houses, Deanna has gathered from evidence, will certifiably stay open through the apocalypse. Deanna sits herself down across from Victoria, who’s perusing the menu with a critical eye.
“She’s awake,” Ada says from the table, hunched over a textbook.
“You good?” Deanna asks.
“You are an ant,” Death tells her. “You are smaller than an ant. Imagine, Deanna Winchester, what you would do, if suddenly you found an ant attempting to speak to you, and if, for no apparent reason, the ant was also a smartass.”
"Leave us alone,” Sammy says, and twists her hand, and there’s the sound of his gun crumpling into a ball, easy as that. There’s blood coming out of Sammy’s eyes, dripping down her cheeks like tears, and Deanna’s still got enough sense to know that they need to get out of here, now, before the gaping hunter rallies his wits.
Ada motions to her back, to John’s leather jacket and the flannel Deanna died in. Deanna sheds the layers and rolls up her sleeve first, exhaling a sigh of relief for some reason when Cas’s handprint is still there.
(Someday. Someday, someday, someday.
"Shut up,” Deanna snaps. “You’re not her.”
“There are conditions,” he says as he hands her his ring. “You will do whatever it takes, to put Lucifer away.
Deanna will think about crying. She and Sammy, all set to replay a cosmic battle. Because they, like all girls,
Bobby side-eyes them. “Neither are you.”
Sammy frowns. “Ada, are you ok?”
“Don’t tell me you idjits actually went and – ”
,” Sammy says. “Can’t He save it?”
Ada snorts. “Are
Deanna chokes on a bite of pancake, thinking of Cas and the Enochian scarring on her chest. “Probably,” she replies hoarsely. The pain in her head worsens; she grips the glass of water in her hands, feeling the damp coldness. She needs a drink. An
Ada’s quiet. Then, “Ok.”
He disappears, leaving all the silver grace behind. It’s spattered over the walls, over Deanna’s hands, over the weapons on the floor that flicker and waver. Deanna should be disgusted with herself, she thinks distantly. She certainly had been the first time she’d used skills learned from Alistair. She isn’t now. She doesn’t know why, just that her head doesn’t hurt quite so much and the humming is quieter too. That the weapons are on the carpet of Bobby’s house, and Deanna wants to pick them up. She wants to see what would happen.
“How long,” Deanna asks, after it’s been a few hours. She thinks she should go to sleep, but she can’t.
“My name is Castiel,” a girl proclaims, standing in the barn, the largest and the smallest thing in the room all at the same time. A roll of thunder, and a flash of light, and the understanding that there is something cosmic at work here. “I am an Angel of the Lord.”
“Sam?” Deanna asks, hyper-attuned to her little sister. “Sammy?”
Ada whips her head back forward. Deanna doesn’t blame her.
Deanna glares at Ada, who glares back and then slams the car into reverse, hitting a pothole on the way out.
“How’d you know we’d be here?” Deanna finally asks. She’s got a lot of questions, and she doesn’t have a lot of answers, but it’s the only one she can think of for the time being, with her head feeling like somebody’s trying to split it open. “Are we in
(Someday, Deanna will ask her again. A mirror of their first meeting.
It was metaphorical. The house meant their father, and the cage was him, too.)
“Listen to me.”
not to disappoint us all.”
“You didn’t just bring us back,” Deanna says, voice hoarse suddenly. “Cas – ”
it takes.”
“Do you think Pestilence meant it literally?” Sammy asks Deanna. “’It’s too late.’”
So Deanna’s feeling slightly better about life, if she ignores the trauma-level headache, up until she walks into the greeting room and finds a grim-faced Missouri, a sickly-looking Sammy, and a man who, by all rights, should be dead.
Things like that.
Sammy spits.
Deanna blinks, and the wounds are gone. She drops her gaze. “No, yeah, I’m fine.”
Impatience bleeds from Sammy-Lucifer’s frame, though Deanna-Michael doesn’t know why.
, when Deanna would like to forget the horrible bags under Sammy’s eyes and the fear in her face, when Deanna would like to avoid the pity in Missouri’s voice and the accusation in Ada’s, when Deanna would like to run away from the pain and the singing in her head – of course she can’t. She rubs her eyes and ignores the flashing this prompts. She grits her teeth and folds her hands together, in the low light of the kitchen in the early hours of the morning.
“Damn.” Deanna can’t focus enough to make a quip. “Is this story going anywhere?”
“She’s telling the truth,” Sammy says. “I think I dreamt this, and remember what Anna said?”
“We really gotta get you that tattoo,” Deanna tells Ada, with nothing better to say.
Cas blinks.
“Stigmata,” Deanna tells Alistair, which she learned about during Sammy’s uber-Christian phase in high school. “You think it’s Heavenly enough for you to start burning?”
Deanna kisses them, and then she yanks back like she’s been shocked. Anna might be fallen, might not have all their grace, but she still recognizes the fizzing taste of it behind her teeth, how sweet it is. She gasps something out, but Anna just laughs, and presses her back, which,
“Yes,” Cas says. “The angelic weapons. You’ve already had contact with at least one, if not two.”
“After this,” Deanna tells Ada, “we gotta get you all tatted up.”
“It wasn’t for you,” Deanna says, not happy to be reminded of Sammy, Sammy-and-Ruby, Sammy staring down Alistair with the demon blood bleeding from her nose, Sammy in a gas station bathroom murmuring to no one, Sammy curled up on a motel bed reciting patchwork passages of myths like they could ever save the two of them. Like anything could ever save the two of them.
“Transubstantiation,” Sammy says. “But Satan rather than Jesus.”
“Great,” Deanna says. “
“I remember Hell,” Deanna tells Sammy, the words drawn out of her like rusty razor blades. “I remember it all.”
Lucifer-Sammy laughs abruptly. “Now you see, Gabriel, little sister made of mischief. Heaven is worse than Hell, isn’t it. There is a place for your tricks, with me. Ushering in a new dawn, at my side.”
,” Sammy growls.
, which they’d found in a William Shakespeare gift shop in Nevada two years ago and laughed at for twenty minutes. Life was easier, then. Her hair is getting longer, past her chin now, and the eyeliner over one of her eyes is shaky. When Deanna doesn’t say anything more, she replies, “Give me a reason. To – to stay.”
Outside, Jamie lights up a cigarette, and tells Deanna that she’s fucking with things she has no business to. Jamie’s human, and she holds herself so relaxed compared to how Cas had, but she is still unknowable and terrifying, and Deanna isn’t sure why. “You’re going to die, you know that, right? We’re all going to die.”
Michael-Deanna smiles. “I always knew you would come home.”
Deanna hates talking about her feelings. She hates it so goddamn much. She wonders if she can make this as short as possible. Wonders if she can make it vicious enough that Ada will leave. Does she want Ada to leave – no, she likes having another sister who doesn’t look at her like she’ll fuck everything up forever and ever, though Deanna’s rapidly changing that. She hasn’t known Ada her entire life, but it still hurts to watch her hurt.
It’s mostly a blur, after that.
“Yeah, and.” Deanna gestures. “Now we’re back. I swear to fucking God, Ada, if you sold your soul – ”
(They’ll figure it out someday. So God is an alcoholic. So God is a deadbeat. So God is just like every other father, leaving his kids behind to pick up his mess.
“Would you – stop,” Ada says. “Look,
“Ah, Deanna,” Samuel Campbell says. “Just the woman I was looking for.”
(Someday, Deanna will sit down next to Sammy. Sammy holds an icepack to her eye, and Deanna’s got a broken arm.
Here’s the catch, though.
Raphael is ignoring her, though, and peering at Sammy and Deanna. He says, “God’s dead. Instead, you get those two, don’t you?”
“Look at the
“Nice pity party. But you’re not leaving me.” Ada bites it out like it hurts. She bites it out like John used to bite things out, the few times he ever gave them praise. Hell, she probably learned that habit from John, just like Sammy and Deanna. “You said you wouldn’t.”
“Ah, no,” Balthazar says. “I happen to know you need me.” His eyes light on Deanna, and under his skin she can see the weapons sparking.
Gwen doesn’t say anything for the rest of the drive.
“You killed Zachariah,” Deanna says to Gabriel the archangel, who wears ripped jeans and a crop top and neon combat boots.
“Then tell me.”
“Your name is
“Yeah,” Deanna says hoarsely. “And why’s that?”
, Deanna said later, and put a number in her hands, ignoring Sammy’s snickers. It wasn’t gay, Deanna told herself. Victoria would be a good hunter. Deanna could show her the ropes.
feel strained. Sammy disappears and Deanna knows she’s with Ruby, but every time she asks they just end up yelling at each other; the knowledge that they’re so outnumbered, with this apocalypse, with Sammy’s jewel-bright eyes and how Deanna doesn’t know how to help her. And now there’s this – thing, between them. Anna’s words pick at them both, and Alistair’s too, and Sammy keeps looking at Deanna like…like she’s ashamed. There’s so much between them, and maybe were they younger they’d be punching it out but instead it’s just sharp words and angry silences.
Cas’s tone is surprisingly frustrated. “No. He is nowhere, yet he is everywhere.”
, and Deanna’s amulet leading her to him, and how she is cut off from Heaven
“No.” Deanna rolls her eyes. “You check around back.”
“Yeah, it was pretty bad. He got the extra point ‘cause he had his hands clasped.”
“Hold on,” Jo says, and Deanna can’t believe how nice it is to see him. He’s got a new tattoo, curling up his neck, and Deanna wonders if Ellen okayed that one or if it was done out of spite. “This is cool and all, but who the fuck is she?”
, they say,
Deanna never figures out when she realized, really, that the boys she let fuck her never stayed long afterwards for a reason. They left with clawed red lines down their spines, and Deanna never wanted them to stay but sometimes she wished she didn’t feel the need to hurt everything that tried to love her.
Cas looks down at her hands.
Deanna’s hidden in the shadows. She knows the Campbells don’t know she’s there. When she steps out, it’s with a knife in her hand and the amulet wrapped in her other fist. When she tells Samuel to leave her baby sister alone, it’s dissonant. Her own voice grates against her ears, because it’s not quite her voice. The singing crescendos, and Gwen drops the gun like it burns. Deanna’s not used to being looked at like this. Like she’s something horrifying. Like she’s something
Deanna blinks at her, surprised. She can’t quite put a finger on this – why is this so familiar? Why has she had this fight before? Why does it sound like Ada’s lying, and yet being more truthful than she’s ever been, all at once?
Alistair laughs, and laughs, and laughs. Deanna starts peeling the skin around his eyes with a knife dipped in holy water. She slides it under, layer by layer, slow and steady. She knows why she’s torturing him, but she also knows more than anything that this is for herself.
Cas growls, and the light at the front of the alleyway pops. “I sacrificed
“Why the fuck would I know what the GCS is.”
Things become very loud, as Gabriel screams out a word that frees the seraph and Ada, as Lucifer-Sammy’s eyes grow hot and wrathful and suddenly very
They both oblige, surprisingly, which appears to amaze Ada as much as it does them. She blinks, and then points at Gabriel. “She’s got an idea.”
a demon inside them…”
Across from her, Ruby shifts, shoving next to Sammy’s long frame.
“De,” Sammy says.
“Thanks. Where’s Sam?”
Ada didn’t tell her all this. But Deanna can infer. She knows what she has to do.
, she says.
“Winchester!” They hit the rumble strips on the road. “Fucking pull over!”
Deanna straightened up, echoing his posture, echoing the boy-ness that he had. She didn’t answer. She loved her father. She hated her father.
Castiel is giving narrow-eyed looks to Ruby. “You reek of sin.”
“What’s up,” Deanna asks the angel in the backseat. It might be kind of aggressive, but whatever.
, Ada, just like dad and just like both our moms and just like Sammy and just like
Deanna wants to say.
Deanna opens her mouth to object, then changes her mind. John isn’t her favorite person right now either. Instead she says, “Do we have to?”
Sure, Cas. Sure.)
A hunter comes up to the table. “Winchester,” he says, nodding at Deanna.
“You two look like Hell warmed over,” Gwen Campbell says.
, but when she tries to confront her sister that goes about as well as expected.
Both Cas and Sammy stare at her.
They were never allowed to have things their own.
Cas asks, with something approaching genuine concern, “Are you alright, Deanna?”
“Oh man, don’t throw
Sammy snorts. Deanna doesn’t want to hear it; Sammy’s already told her plenty how,
“Speak of the devil,” Deanna says, and then laughs. “Cas, meet Ada. Ada, meet Cas.”
Deanna rubs her eyes. “Yeah, I know.”
Ada will reply.
“Second time back and all,” Deanna replies. “Didn’t want another face full of holy water.”
Deanna said.
Cas says, tiredly. She does not say
“Be careful,” Haniel warns, though her voice is soft like it is an apology. “No longer do things sleep, Deanna. You must understand. No matter what, they are already awake, and you cannot stop them.”
Life speeds up a little bit after that. The Winchester sisters stay well away from the Campbells, and despite Ada’s – and Deanna’s – reluctance, they hunt down the Alpha shifter for Crowley, and keep an eye out for more. Bobby isn’t happy about it, but Rufus gives Deanna and Sammy a nod when they tell him, and offers to help. It’s the right thing to do.
"For fuck’s sake.”
The three of them pause.
Deanna leans her head against the Impala. She wishes, slightly hysterically, that Sammy wasn’t six inches taller than her. “Don’t leave.”
“Sure.” Deanna snorts. “Just like I’m still me.”
“Aw, shit,” Deanna says. She answers her phone. “Hey, Sam – ”
“Don’t go alone,” Sammy finally says to Deanna. It doesn’t sound like agreement. It sounds like disappointment.
“We’ll figure that out,” Sammy says. “There has to be another way.”
“Put me on speakerphone, Jesus Christ.”
into her shoulder.
Deanna’s been thinking about ‘Heaven’. Thinking about how Sammy just wants to be free, and Ada just wants a family to stay with, and neither of those things involve her. Thinking about how it’ll be all her fault if they die, if Lucifer takes Sammy, if Michael settles for Ada, if they have to be dragged back into this mess because of Deanna’s inability to make a decision for herself. Deanna’s inability not to be selfish. Because no one’s coming to save them now – not God, not anyone.
Jamie runs back to her family. Deanna feels like crying again when she sees Jamie’s little brother, Cliff, taken by Cas too. But here’s the thing. Ada still doesn’t have a damn anti-possession tattoo, and suddenly there’s demons, and Deanna’s grappling with her little half-sister whose eyes are black like jet. She doesn’t know where Sammy is but she’s pretty sure it involves Ruby, and she’ll deal with that after she’s figured out how to exorcise Ada cleanly. She gets a knife to the demon’s throat, and then –
“So a nose ring,” Deanna starts, because her sister’s still her sister and also because she can’t keep still. There’s something buzzing in her veins. “And, hey – didn’t know you did the queer thing. Like, girls? I mean, anything’s better than that Ruben dude, but he was a demon, so it’s really not about – uh, the gender, you know, it’s just that –
Deanna watches her sister pour herself a glass of water, hands shaking. Sammy is far too quiet, and there’s a shadow around her that Deanna can’t focus on without making her headache worse. When Sammy tries to drink from the glass, it quivers bad enough that she almost drops it. Deanna stands up, taking it from her and then pushing her into a chair. Sammy flinches, and the bottom of Deanna’s stomach drops out.
John used to say.
Ada’s got hard, even eyes, nowadays. There’s pretty ribbons braided into her hair. Deanna wonders what would have happened to her, in another world. Would she have finished school? Would she be a doctor? Would she have a life? A family?
The girl inside is flickering, her body warping and fusing around
“Deanna,” Ada says. “Deanna.”
Cas does something that is probably supposed to be an eyeroll but mostly just looks like she’s having a seizure, and reaches for their foreheads. “We don’t have
“Petition to stop calling it my psychic shit,” Sammy says.
“What – ” Deanna starts, but Gabriel cuts her off.
They will both close their eyes, and look to the dirt. Look to the ground. There is nothing holy about this end. There is nothing grand. Cas puts her hand on Deanna’s shoulder.
Deanna trips over the carpet. “Sam’s up?”
“I’m still
Deanna loved her father. Really, she did. It was just that she loved her sister more. She didn’t think she cared about being a little monstrous when it was for Sammy.
“Can’t you see?” Gabriel shakes her head, and this about-face would surprise Deanna if there was any Deanna left to surprise. “I’m not on either of your sides – I’m on
She’d held her copy of the Bible, the same one she’d always had since the fire, dog-eared and torn, and she’d said the word
“Too much salt,” Sammy replies, which – makes no sense, but whatever. Deanna doesn’t want to fight with her, not this morning, not now.
They find War in a small town in Colorado. The whole thing is a goddamn mess – it’s hard to trust Sammy, when she’s looking at demon blood like that, and it’s hard to trust Ada, when she’s got those black eyes again. Ellen’s there, and Bobby’s friend Rufus, and Jo too, buzzed blond hair and a brand new septum piercing right alongside the other eight. But there’s not much time to focus on how nice it is to see them, not with how everyone’s turning on each other and she’s unable to see friend from foe. Not with how War wears the body of a man in a suit and a smile like a dark alley, not with how he turns them on each other, and they play right into it. It’s easy to see enemies everywhere if you’re always looking.
Deanna sees her profile once, in an FBI database, on a computer she doesn’t have access to but which Charlie leaves alone and untended. Victoria Henricksen is just yet another victim in the long line of unsolved murders committed by the Winchester-sisters-and-various-accomplices-who-should-all-be-dead. It will make Deanna laugh. Victoria, a victim?
“Get out of that girl,” Deanna finds the voice to say, but she’s not certain of it. There’s something flickering around the girl’s edges like the air above asphalt on a hot summer day.
Ada rolls her eyes, and Sammy’s mouth tightens back into that glare. They both know this is a lie. They don’t know why it’s a lie.
Ruby’s eyes go black. “And you look like a whore.”
Ada’s focusing on the wrong problem. “What are you going to do with a
“I couldn’t stop seeing your faces,” Ada tells them bluntly. “So I left.”
. She cannot get out.
Sammy glares.
“Ok?”
“There is no other way.”
“This isn’t funny,” Sammy says stuffily, holding a hand to her nose. She looks kind of like she might pass out.
Deanna makes an unacknowledging noise.
They take care of a ghost in a town in Utah that got hit hard by the semi-apocalypse. A Mexican woman holds her kids’ hands tightly. The kids are little, but they don’t make any noise, not at all. The woman asks sharply, “What does the government care about us? They never have before.”
“Move aside, Deanna Winchester,” Cas says – not Cas. This isn’t the angel who picked Deanna up off the floors of bars, not the one who dragged Sammy home even when she was high, not the one that made Anna tilt their head and wonder. This is Castiel, all rage and terror and
Cas is…somewhere, probably, after she showed up in their motel room with bruises and information about the demon who was their case, before she disappeared again, before they moved on. Sammy’s driving. Ada’s sitting shotgun, and Deanna’s stretched out in the backseat. She almost starts crying, at the sight of her little sisters playing their weird word-derivative game, in a world that is not falling apart. The future is hurling through her head, the vision of the angels overtaking her sisters. How it had all been to further Zachariah’s plan – to make her say yes. All the reasons she, probably, should.
Ada didn’t know Ellen all that well, really, but she still cries. Ada’s the best of them, Deanna thinks.
Deanna shakes her head. “I couldn’t save Ellen. There’s so many people I couldn’t save.”
The girl comes back down, lit by holy fire. For a moment, the world fractures a little bit around them, the warehouse cracking around her like hot glass in snow. Her eyes glow, and grace starts to run down her cheeks, rivulets of molten gold, and suddenly Deanna understands.
Finally, Deanna asks. “Did you mean it?”
“Come on,” Deanna says to Ada. “It’ll be some good bonding time.”
More accurately, he finds them doing research on the mother of monsters and the angelic weapons. It’s snowing, and Ada’s with them because they can borrow Missouri’s truck as long as Ada supervises and they leave Baby in Lawrence – which Deanna isn’t exactly happy about, but there’s a snow storm moving across the Midwest that ain’t stopping any time soon and has Heavenly force behind it, so she doesn’t want to mess around with that. Rufus and Victoria call them from somewhere in Michigan, and Deanna laughs over Victoria’s blunt opinions of Rufus as Ada paints Sammy’s nails and Sammy reads a book written in what might be Enochian. Ada’s a lot more invested in the angelic weapons, what with how reticent she’d been to restart hunting, and Deanna’s a little confused by that but she honestly has other things to worry about.
Deanna’s so, so weak. She keeps saying no, but it’s getting harder. She’d give up the world for Sammy or Ada. She just never wanted to have to. What was it, Zachariah had said?
Deanna puts a syringe next to his eyes, then changes her mind. Better just to dig them out, and let him choke on holy water instead. She’s so full of pain, and anger, at everything. At Alistair, at John – at both, for she knows Alistair is just repeating what John used to say to her, because Alistair knows how to get under her skin. Of course she’s a monster. They made her a monster, her and Sammy both.
“You are unclean,” Castiel says, the angel filled with fire to the girl crying blood. “Yet you exorcised Samhain. We did not have to smite that town, thanks to you and your sister.”
Fitting, then, that Heaven took and warped even that.)
was that,” Deanna hisses, staring at her younger sister.
Deanna’s lip curls. “Breeding.”
drink.
“Dad – damn it,” Ada says. “Now it’s going to chip, Sam.”
Maybe it when she realized she wanted to be more like her father. When she realized it hurt too much not to be.)
Deanna will ask.
Deanna closes her mouth. John always told them never to trust men. Deanna doesn’t know why she’s surprised that this should’ve included him, too.
Sammy leans back against the Impala. “So you want me to stay.”
Deanna scoffs. “What’s wrong with
Deanna frowns at her. “Since when do you draw?”
them – Heaven and Hell aren’t so different here, are they? I feel like I’m uniquely qualified to – ”
been weird around her. “Look,” Sammy says, because if there’s one thing she got from their father it’s her stubbornness. “I have to make something good of this.” There’s an ocean of pain in her voice, but Deanna doesn’t want to look that closely. “I have to make something good. I have to try to be something good.”
“Maybe I’ll just kill you now,” Deanna says, and then a weight slams into her back and the world goes dark.
Deanna wakes up in a casket.
Her dad would have found that funny.
“Great,” Deanna says again, distracted by the way Jamie’s voice wrapped around the word
, he laughs.
Deanna is, regrettably, not drunk. She doesn’t even know where she is.
“Haniel.”
Castiel blinks at her. “Oh, Deanna,” she says. “Everything you do is for us.”
Cas huffs out an exasperated noise that is so
? Deanna just needs someone to hand her a gun and tell her where to aim it.
Ruby looks equally curious.
Sammy shrugged.
be out of business.”
Ada’s tone is flat. “Sam says he’s related on your mom’s side.”
and some days she will sleep for two hours total and some days she will sleep from five am to midnight. She’ll throw herself at monsters with a feral viciousness, more akin to a wild animal than to a human, and forget that she can’t just heal her body anymore. She’ll grumble as Ada stitches up her wounds, but collapse like a tiny ragdoll in Sammy’s arms.
Dean stops, then forces the words out.
Maybe, she thinks, that wariness isn’t just because he knows her rules. For a moment, she thinks that wariness might just be because of her, and she’s just buzzed enough to enjoy it. “Didn’t stick,” she replies.
Cas says, “The song you are singing is good enough.”
. “Yes.”
“I want to earn your trust back, De, because I’m sorry, because we
Neither of them laugh.
(Deanna’s heart will always jump into her throat when Ada says these things. It all comes down to this.
Deanna frowns at her for the frostiness in her tone.
“Goddamn Pestilence,” Ada winces out. “This is the absolute worst.”
“You aren’t listening,” Ada says sharply. “I tried hunting for a while.” She takes a deep breath. “But I couldn’t do it. Laying the ghosts to rest – sure. But the monsters? The ones I was supposed to just kill? For most of them, their only victim was themselves. First. Their first victim.”
said this angel to the shepherds and the flock and the Virgin Mary. Deanna shouldn’t be phased by this, not anymore – angels who make the ground bleed, who make the sky quake, angels who are holy and golden, who have track marks in their arms.
Ada pauses. “Also Jo’s going stir-crazy,” she admits. “I think it might be good for him to go on a hunt.”
Anna-Haniel nods. “You are well read, Adamine.”
It’s Rufus, then, who brings up the whole Crowley-still-has-Bobby’s-soul thing, after the deal for Death’s location so long ago. Rufus is still batty and weird, but he seems to like Deanna so Sammy and Bobby spend a few hours trying to figure out how they might be able to blackmail Crowley, and Deanna and Rufus get a little drunk. It works out. It all works out. Deanna stares at her hands and realizes the liquor isn’t doing anything for her, at some point. It’s about the same time Bobby makes a joke that Deanna knows she should know, knows that there’s some sort of background to it from her being a pudgy little high schooler, but she’s drawing a blank. She can’t remember.
“You sure?” Deanna asks. “Cause you’re looking a little, you know,” she gestures in a circular motion around her head, not sure whether she’s referring to the blind eyes having multiplied or to the dripping ink from the slices in her neck, “messy.”
(Here’s the story behind Victoria Henricksen.
“You’re the new King of Hell,” Sammy says to Crowley, with some surprise. Maybe she can smell it or something.
, the littlest shouted.
She throws a hand out, and Deanna and Sammy both find themselves restrained. Deanna frowns as something fizzes through her –
she’d snapped.
“Dead,” Raphael says. “
“In a way?”
Sammy, surprisingly, takes some.
Deanna’s throat had suddenly closed up.
Sammy’s eyes, imploring. They’re both so bruised and beaten.
, their third sister declared. Hiding in plain sight, hiding above their heads.
“No,” Sammy groans. “No, no,
“Away,” Gwen says disbelievingly. “Sure.”
The series of events that follow are some of the weirdest Deanna’s ever had. They’re in TV land, so they end up on a fucking game show, which is awful, and then a
Deanna swallows. She nods.
“Sam’s doing better, now,” Missouri says, although something in her eyes is dark and weary. “Ada picked up a few hours at the station tonight, so she’ll be back tomorrow. But how are you, hon?”
“What the
“This is horrible,” Cas says, from the backseat. She both sounds and looks like an angry cat, especially with the massive amounts of gauze they had to put on her chest. She is breathing too much, like for once she actually needs air in her lungs, and her eyes spark every few seconds, like those time lapses of supercell thunderstorms. She is a star collapsing in on itself, and Deanna, who starts fights for a taste of grace and who has never, really, been righteous – Deanna cannot help but think her beautiful.
It’s dark, the power grid of the city fritzing out as it does now. The neon signs on the strip clubs and bars buzz, and Deanna just follows the sparking until she finds where it seems to be centered from. There’s a preacher outside, crying things about their doom of fire and salt. His eyes flicker over faces, desperate and searching. People stop and listen to him. Everybody’s just waiting for the end to come.
“I’m fine,” Deanna replies. She is fine. It’s just that there’s singing in her head, and it
Deanna swallows, and she’ll draw her sister into her arms, like they used to when they were little, before John trained the softness out of them.
“Ok.” Deanna sighs. “Well at least there’s that.”
“Ok.”
Sammy takes the phone with a long-suffering look. “Hi, Ada. Yeah, she’s fine, she’s just being an asshole ‘cause she can.”
Victoria doesn’t look up. “Nice to see you too. Your sister would rather you not be drunk on a hunt.”
“Yeah. He didn’t seem that surprised to hear from me, but he says he needs to talk to us.”
Deanna struck a deal with this god, primal and old, because this was not her business and she was, quite honestly, terrified. The amulet that hung around her neck never let her forget it, that the things that were terrifying were beautiful too.
“Would you help me bury a body?” Cas asks again.
, for another. And Sammy can’t access her freaky psychic shit, which –
, Deanna. There is only one path. There has only ever been one path. Until you.”
“Hello, sister,” Lucifer says, standing in the graveyard, standing under the sun. “Must we do this?”
Deanna wants to vomit, listening to Lucifer’s cadence in Sammy’s voice. This is the literal Devil, in her sister’s body, telling her lies and half-truths in a voice that seeps into her head. A voice that makes her want to open her arms and welcome the Devil in.
Neither Sammy nor Ada have a good answer to this. Something falls off a shelf. Ada looks down at the notebook she’s sketching in.
Ada freezes like a deer, and shoots a slightly confused look at Deanna, who is similarly frozen.
“Come on,” Ada says, voice shaking a little. “We need to get Sam out of here. I – Gabriel helped me put up walls in your heads, when you came back. So that you wouldn’t feel the torture. It was too bad for Sam, she couldn’t even remember English. Michael must have protected you, a little, but not Lucifer. The walls were necessary, De, you know you’d have done the exact same thing in my place.”
, Cas tells her someday.
Gwen speaks up. “The kid will be fine. We’ll give it to foster parents who can raise it. We aren’t worried as much about this rather than – getting the Alpha monsters.”
Cas responds, after a minute. “Would you help me bury a body?”
Lightning heralds the arrival of another archangel, and Lucifer smiles, calmly and gleefully.
“Look,” Deanna says. “Our lives suck. They’re dangerous, and they’re not pretty.”
“Fine,” Deanna tells her. “Just – just. I – can try to get better at trusting you. We’ll work out the vessels thing.”
Castiel grabs her arm, and starts yanking her towards the car.
. I had no choice, De.”
Sammy shakes her head, furious, and glances at Deanna.
,” Ada says, desperate. “I’m still Ada.”
“Our third?” Deanna asks.
“What a monstrous little girl,” Alistairs tells her. “I enjoyed torturing your father, but none more than you. He didn’t break, didn’t leave part of himself behind in the pit – you did. Boys grow up to be men, Deanna, and you girls just grow up to be scared.”
, as Cas throws themself in, as Jamie’s eyes light up unnaturally blue. She stands up then, the stab wound still in her stomach.
There’s a slow clap, and Deanna opens her eyes.
Deanna thinks, at first, that this is Heaven. There’s an insidious whisper underneath it, but Deanna, who has never known happiness – not really – finds herself in a home with a mother who plaits her hair and sings gently. It’s quiet. There’s no Sammy, no dad, but is that so bad?
Cas stands up with a flurry of rustling feathers. With a sweep, the dirt dumps itself over the grave. An angel is buried in an American battleground beside an abandoned parking lot. It feels unfathomably wrong. Everything feels unfathomably wrong.
But that part doesn’t really hit home until Deanna’s laying on Bobby’s floor and trying to process Magnus’s ghost. That little girl's ghost. She stands up to get water, and there’s a small figure resting against the window. For a moment, Deanna looks at her, and she’s towering and glowing and swirling with eyes and rings like fire. And then Deanna blinks, and it’s just the girlthing. Castiel.
(Once upon a time, Sammy said,
“Whatever,” Deanna responds. “I work best alone.”
“We need to get out of here,” Ada says.
“Excuse you,” Crowley says prissily. “I am not just ‘demons’.”
Deanna doesn’t believe her until they’re back at the house. Deanna can’t seem to focus on anything until she’s staring at the mirror, shirt on the floor, the pounding in her head finally abated. The tattoos that had once covered her back – they are no longer ink. They’re angry and raised now, a mockery of feathers, red and black and scarred-white.
, like screaming, like being inside of a church bell.
Deanna says. Her eyes are cold. The angel wings on her back are scarred over, as if someone took a knife to them. Maybe she did. Seems like something she’d do.
“I like her,” Cas says to Deanna. “Honest. Direct. Admirable qualities. A shame you don’t possess them.”
“We do all sorts of things for our family,” Michael says gently. Their voice is John’s, then Mary’s. It echoes through her head. There is no Zachariah to ferry her between, no angels in crisp suits. Simply her and the archangel whose voice she knows better than her mother’s. Their voice is warmth and song, light and laughter. It is horrible. It is everything she has ever known. That is the worst – that Michael is
The hunter steps back, going for his gun, and he’s not the only one.
“And you’re not either?”
“Is there anything more worth fighting for?” Deanna asks her. Begs her. She might be crying, just a bit, trapped in this gleaming box while her sisters are out there and
Sammy’s shivering, violently. She’s too thin, too cold, the absence of light and warmth, and Deanna had barely noticed. She’d been too caught up in her own head, in the way it had been breaking, that she hadn’t even noticed. She feels like she might puke.
“The Righteous Man,” Cas corrects. “Leave, Zachariah, or I will be forced to take drastic measures.”
Cas glares, and opens her mouth to say something, but then –
Cas looks at her. She hesitates for a very long time.
“You don’t trust me,” Sammy says.
“Why are you giving them to us?” Sammy asks.
, he’d asked. His voice had been stormy, and yet exhausted. It was the way he used to sound when Deanna had to call him to pick John up from bars.
“I know,” Deanna snaps. “Just – it’s fine. Why are we here again?”
Cas answers, voice even and emotionless.
Magnus is looking at them with something that might be pity. “What
Hunters are paranoid, obsessive people. They’ll say things about the Winchester sisters that Deanna won’t want to repeat, things that are true in a painful, horrible way. And they’ll say this.
Deanna says,
“She is one of Raphael’s warriors,” Cas says. “Was one of Raphael’s warriors. I burned her arm when I tried to lay her to rest.”
of you, in any of this?”
Deanna’s aware she’s whining. She’s only been alive for a week, sue her. “Since when do you talk to my sister?”
“You two need to be safe,” she says, and through the door her voice is trembling just the slightest. “I can do this, ok? I can do this for you guys. You need to be safe.”
. Deanna and Michael see Sammy and Lucifer, dragging them all the way down, and then the cage closes.
Thinking about how Sammy’s started to stand up and say
“That doesn’t look too good, does it,” comes a voice.
“The angel,” Ada catches on. “Joy?”
She drives out to the middle of a cornfield. Everything is emptier, now – feels colder and darker. It’s not just because it’s winter, it’s also because this is an America broken apart. There’d been tsunamis on both coasts and earthquakes of record breaking enormity, sure, but those have calmed down. Now there’s just the knowledge that there’s monsters in the shadow that no one can put a face to. There’s fault lines that split through towns, freak cults that started sacrificing humans, huge swathes of land cut out of the Midwest that are blackened and barren, or mountainous where once there were none. It’s the remnants of angelic battlegrounds, echoing through another plane. It’s tearing the world into shreds.
Things are going great up until the aforementioned third officer face-plants in front of them.
"What did they
“So can we try the whole trust-as-a-two-way-street thing? Can you stop treating me like dad did?”
Death raises an eyebrow. His eyes are not cold, not harsh, not cruel. They simply glide over Deanna’s face. They do not care about her.
“Symbols carved into them. Back, usually, but sometimes stomach. It’s too consistent to not be a pattern.”
“Oh, calm down.” The Trickster sounds bored. “I have a vested interest in keeping you alive.”
“No, I’m sorry,” Deanna snaps back, “this is the funniest
“Whatever.”
Deanna scowls, trying to think through the pounding pain in her head. She takes stock of her body, completely ready to say
,” she says, which, ouch. “You left!”
“Holy motherfucking Christ on a bicycle,” Ada says, in a distinctly un-Ada voice, but Deanna’s too busy with the realization that air actually exists.
, Sammy will admit with pain in her voice.
“You must be careful,” Cas warns. “There is something more powerful here – ”
Ada says.
ive stared at this for too long hope its ok maybe ill get to some of my other fics now but with my hyperfixation? prbably not
Instead she says,
Deanna, for a moment, cannot understand it. Cannot understand this celestial being, who still stands next to her and tells her that she deserves redemption. Cannot understand this girl, who still stands next to her and has rebelled against everything she’s ever known.
“Oh, shut up,” Deanna mumbles.
Of course Deanna can’t sleep that night. Sleep is an elusive bitch as it always has been, and of course
Deanna doesn’t speak Latin, but she knows this.
“Why am I – I made a
Deanna’s first instinct is to argue. According to Samuel, these Alpha monsters could have even higher body counts than the normal ones. But Victoria’s eyes are cold and focused, and Deanna doesn’t mind that someone’s already done the research for a case. Maybe this won’t be too bad. “Ok,” she says. “Shoot.”
Sammy freeze.
,” she says, catching Sammy’s eyes. “You see what Heaven’s mercy will do? Do you see it?”
“Yep,” Gabriel says, popping the word. “Too early, I guess, since little sis there went ballistic. You kids are really losing it, aren’t you?”
Cas shakes her head, once, twice, but it’s not really a shake of the head because that would imply humanity. “Divided. There are many factions. We are currently allied with Haniel, gaining leverage, but I fear they will betray me. Our positions are not aligned in all ways; this is civil war, and there can be no dissent.”
Deanna stares at her, stomach sinking.
Maybe, a few days ago, Deanna would have said yes. Now, she just spits in Zachariah’s face.
“I just got you back, De!” Sammy yells, and Ruben-Ruby-now-thanks ducks out of there as quick as she can.
“So,” Ada says, “even though technically Lucifer was just…in you – ”
Lucifer says. There is viscera on their boots.
“Cas isn’t really an angel anymore.”
,” Sammy says. “For me.” Her eyes are too intense, not dark like a demon’s but bright and glittering, surrounded by smudged eyeliner. Her hands shake as she picks up a Bible stolen from a Target, purple highlighter throughout for Revelations research, the Rosary hanging around her neck.
“You Christians,” the girlthing says. “The world’s not yours to tear apart, you know.”
Cas says, which, ouch.
Deanna squints at her. Cas is holding her off the ground and against the brick wall with ease, and there may be bruises on her throat tomorrow, but Deanna can’t find it in herself to care. Instead she looks at her angel, whose hair is a mess. Deanna’s never looked at her eyes so close like this – they’re Jamie Novak’s, kaleidoscopic and crystal, but they’re Cas’s too, that unearthly blue. “Are you
, De, I’m trying to
Of course, Deanna eats her words since, unsurprisingly, fate has it out for her. Not only is the baby bleeding, but the baby is bleeding because it’s a baby shapeshifter.
“Look at you, saving lives.”
(Someday, Deanna and Gabriel will talk. Deanna will have drunk a frankly ridiculous amount of wine, and Gabriel will have cocaine and powdered sugar dusted across her fingertips and under her nose. None of the sisters who usually stop them from doing this will be there; neither of them would like to think about the reasons why.
Deanna laughs. It kind of grates out her throat, unused to the sound without cruelty. “Better get used to ‘em. Tattoos are sweet.”
And they do. Deanna teaches Victoria angel-sigils, including the banishing one. Deanna ignores how it flashes when she slaps her hand to it, how the wing-scars on her back grow hot and painful. Victoria grips the angel-blade tight and follows Deanna into the enormous house, looking like she’d rather be anywhere but here. Deanna almost stumbles into a wall, hearing the wail of Raphael, hearing singing in her head, and winces as she realizes that Victoria is almost certainly not going to want to take another case with her any time soon.
Deanna wants to lean her head against the steering wheel. “You feeling any cravings for hot and delicious demon blood?”
Gabriel shrugs. “I’m not the only one running away.” And then she’s gone.
“Hey, Cas,” Deanna grunts. “Was looking for you.”
been good at.
"Heard you were dead,” he says.
“And we do not question what mortal affairs He involves us in,” Castiel continues. Her eyes flash, and Deanna wonders if this is what it’s like to be next to a bolt of lightning. “I took you from Hell, Deanna Winchester, and I can put you back.”
Cas is looking down at her chest, where the sigil is carved bloody, right under her collarbones. Deanna doesn’t know where her scarf went, but she looks bare and too-small without it. Her eyes roll back in her head, and Deanna stumbles forward to catch her before she hits the ground.
“Oh,” Deanna replies. “You talked to him?”
Deanna glances back at her. The rebellious angel, sitting perched like a bird. Human bodies don’t move like that, but Cas never really seemed to care. Deanna’s so wrong she managed to fuck up an angel of God
Deanna sighs. She looks so much like Sammy, sitting like that, and Deanna’s always known she’d do anything for her family. “What did you need?”
Cas doesn’t even stop, just reaches out and touches two fingers to Deanna’s forehead. The world flashes by at dizzying speeds, lighting something in Deanna’s memory that brings her headache back full-force when they land.
And there’s Castiel. Castiel, who sends her back in time with the press of her fingers, and moves in and out of space like it is as irrelevant as a door. Sammy keeps asking to meet her, and Deanna keeps shrugging, but it’s not like Sammy’s telling Deana everything either, and the two of them are a fucked-up, matched pair like they’ve always been. Instead of talking to each other, they hunt down a vampire that’s preying on the homeless, because empty motel rooms are a special kind of prison. And that girl Sammy’s with – she sounds an awful lot like Ruben had, which Deanna
The only thing Deanna can really grasp, with Death, is that he has a nice face.
“Shut up,” Sammy says, and Deanna stills.
, Ada responds,
“Hey, honey,” Missouri says softly. Her eyes are knowing. She is warm, and open, and familiar. Deanna had been this pathetic around Ellen, too. She hates it. She hates how much she wants it.
“Cas,” Deanna says.
“Just,” Deanna shakes her head. “Just trying times, I guess. Let’s go, Ada.”
Ada swallows. Something is contorting her face into inhuman shapes. “The wings,” she says. “They’re…burned. They’re burned in.”
Cas says,
“No,” Sammy says. “But I can still do this.”
, people say,
Deanna goes outside, late at night. She doesn’t know if Sammy’s home. Probably not – probably out getting high or drunk, like Deanna wishes she was. “Cas,” she says quietly. “Cas, I know you’re listening.”
“Your body is rotting,” Cas tells him.
Gabriel snorts. Gabriel moves so much, compared to every angel Deanna’s ever met. They’re all still, trying to copy humans but failing in every way. Gabriel is unlike any of them, with her red-rimmed eyes and her fluttering hands. “Nice one, Deanna,” she says. “Nice one.”
“Huh,” Deanna replies, then shakes her head. “Yeah?”
Deanna pulls out a gun and shoots him. His body doesn’t have blood left to give, but he grumbles and mutters and sigil-tapes it back together, all the smoke and skin that flakes away. It works well enough to shut him up.
The world ending is…a lot less of a big deal, actually, than things like Cas dying, and the angels actually wanting Lucifer to rise, and the fact that
“Deanna, what the hell have you gotten yourself into,” Victoria asks. They’re staring down at the ground, where Cas has fallen three stories into a car and left a crater that speaks of an impact much larger than her small frame. Raphael’s assassin has disappeared and Cas is getting to her feet, a stony gaze and a broken leg that straightens with an audible crack.
Deanna hated that. Deanna didn’t want to be a thirteen-year-old with a knife under her skirt and a figurative lollipop in her hand, smiling blithely and ignoring the stares of the men who thought her curves were too mature for middle school. Deanna hated being bait, hated the way even John looked at her differently when she was all dressed up.
“De?”
“Deanna,” Cas says. She puts a hand over the mark on Deanna’s shoulder, which flares with heat. Deanna trembles, feeling the weight of many eyes staring straight at her. “You are the Michael sword. Though this is in part due to your bloodline, it is not just that. You are the Righteous Man, and you forget that it was I who found your soul in Hell. Even in the pits of the damned, you shone like a star. You have always been born to save others.”
“Gabriel,” she says. “My name is Gabriel.”
“My soul went to Hell,” Deanna continues. “And then angels brought me back to life.” She twists the bottle in her hands. It’s cheap liquor, and it’s all gone. “There,” she says. “That’s why you shouldn’t be a fuckin’ Winchester. Everyone you love will just
Ada rubs her eyes. “
Deanna’s spent more time in Hell than she has alive. What does that make her, she wonders. What does that make her.)
Her father always told her that monsters had sharp teeth and hungry eyes. He told her stories in the dark. She might not have been smart like Sammy, but she knew her lore by the time she was in middle school. Knew it well enough to keep herself, and Sammy, safe. But when did she realize that humans were monsters, too? That monsters weren’t just the monsters her father told her about, but sometimes the man in the gas station who had cold eyes and a gun in his belt. When did she realize that her father didn’t understand that – couldn’t, because it would be too hypocritical. When did she decide that it was easier to think of things in good and bad, in Heaven and Hell? When did she decide it was easier to just put her head down, to be the loyal son and soldier?
“Too cold,” another says. “I swear I saw snow yesterday. Only a few inches, but still.”
“I should go back,” Deanna says quietly. “Sam is probably wondering where I am.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t have, though,” Sammy admits, softly, like an olive branch. Deanna blinks, and the darkness recedes from her nerdy little sister. “I mean, angels? The four Horsemen of the apocalypse? Holy
There’s a sharp breath from Ruby, to her left.
“So I’ve been doing some research,” Bobby starts, “into these Alpha monsters, and all. Gimme the kid, Sam.” There’s somebody yelling, from deep inside the maze of Bobby’s house. He takes the baby, and then shoots a glance at the sisters. “Rufus is here.”
, they say.
,” Ada replies acerbically.
"You are good,” Deanna says, far too late. The story of her life.
“We could talk about this with Cas,” Deanna feels like she has to add, though she absolutely hates talking and both of her sisters know this.
“Yeah,” Deanna says. “Yeah, that’s me.”
another way!”
Later, future-Deanna will tell her. But perhaps Deanna will have already guessed.
, Ada says.
has always been an open and aching wound that will never close –
“I did try,” Ada says. “To get you back.”
Deanna spins. “I’m
Sammy scowls. “I think it’s more or less the same concept as Catholic Communion.”
“Exodus,” she blurts out. “Plagues. You were right. This is Biblical.”
(There will, always, be a choice like this one.
Sammy’s angry. “I’m – I’m not trying to
Jesse Turner makes Deanna feel even worse. Ada tries to talk to him, and Deanna, but it’s Sammy who gets through. Sammy, the demon-girl, who gets through to the antichrist. An antichrist. Whatever.
At least, she thinks, some things don’t change.
“Deals are for demons, Sam,” Magnus tells her. “Thought you knew that.”
Sammy once said.
Deanna grunts. “Welcome to the club.”
Deanna swallows past a lump in her throat. “Is – Sam?” She flinches. “Ada?”
“Let’s,” Deanna says, and makes an aborted effort to gesture to the trailhead that marks ‘over yonder’. “Let’s go.”
looks at her. Her hair’s cut closer to her chin, now, wavy and brown and kind of messed up. Her nails are still a chipped black, which is and has always been the only constant in Deanna’s life so she’s kind of glad for it. And Sammy’s tall of course, that runner’s build that she’s always harping at Deanna about, but more than anything she looks tired, and twitchy. She looks, Deanna thinks, far too much like she’s waiting on a fix.
“The suit would work better,” Victoria points out as they stand on the third officer’s doorstep, “if you brushed your hair more than once a week.”
The Trickster slams her hands down on the table, cheerfully unhinged. “Haven’t you figured it out yet? Come
They spend a few days in motel rooms. They spend a few days trying to figure out what to do with the baby. On the third evening, Deanna frowns at Sammy, who now looks haggard, more than just sick – hollowed-out moons stamped under her eyes, the veins on her hands standing out, her clothes hanging more loosely off her frame. Shaking, like she was when she first woke up. Deanna might not be a very good sister sometimes, but she knows Sammy. “Have you been eating?”
Deanna can’t breathe around her.
Joshua blinks. He’s more human, but maybe that’s just how he’s appearing to them. “I suppose you could say that.”
“Why the hell would we stop?” Crowley asks irritably, fiddling with his phone.
Deanna could see him fitting in there – flashing lights and dancing crowds and haunting in the way that empty parking garages were at night. And Jo, skirt spinning over his stomping boots and lanky boy-limbs.
Ada rolls her eyes.
“Neither are we,” Sammy feels the need to point out.
Gabriel tilts her head back.
And she had.
Both Cas and Sammy will look minorly guilty.
Deanna winces. Bad comparison. She hopes Cas isn’t reading her mind right now.
“I am.” Ada holds her, eyes big in her face. She’s too young. “I am, De, please believe me.”
“I brought you back,” Cas says. “I pulled you out of the
She wonders when her father’s voice in her head started sounding like the same asshole-angels who are trying to convince her to let their general wear her like a stripper dress.
Then the moment passes, and the girlthing is just a girlthing, still staring. “I warned her,” she says, quietly and intensely. “I warned her not to look. It is not my fault what the foolishness of humans brings down upon themselves.”
It’s such a cop-out.
Deanna knows what Pestilence meant. They’d looked her right in the eyes as they said it.
The wing-scar on her back goes white-hot and blistering. Deanna might be screaming, and Sammy surely is. The lights flicker and go out in the convenience store, the big sign sparking and blowing out. Deanna falls to her knees in the gravel, curling away from memories and words and the brand on her back, the brand she can’t escape. Maybe Deanna already knew this. Maybe Deanna’s always known this. There’s blood on her lips; she’s bitten through her tongue. She looks over, and Sammy’s bleeding from her nose, eyes rolled back in her head, whimpering and curling on the ground like she did when they first came back. Deanna looks up at her youngest sister, standing before Cas.
Deanna glances at her. “Are you – ok.”
, Deanna said.
. The whole story is positively mad, and you – you’re the best part! Do you think there’s any more ways the angels could have fucked you over? Any more ways they could have
So Deanna goes to Bobby, because what-the-hell-else is she going to do. She gets a mouthful of holy water, finds Sammy in a hotel room with a girl, ganks a demon, and watches a woman’s eyes get burned out. And –
, she will say. Apologies like this, apologies that are so general, are such a human thing –
Deanna drags herself up and towards the table, focusing on the steaming cup of coffee. “Who?”
The smile goes away. Sammy’s mouth is set in a line. She says, “We need to talk about this, De.”
“You want to hit me, Cas?” Deanna goads her. “C’mon, I deserve it. It’ll make you feel even better than the drink.”
“Is that – are you,” Deanna starts, and then takes a deep breath. “Is that a
“Oh,” Cas says, “like you wouldn’t do the same.”
“Cas,” Deanna pleads, because she remembers those gentle fingers on Sammy’s forehead. “Cas, no, it’s Sam!”
Deanna stares down the road. She’s been avoiding motels since the vessel ghost in Utah, and Sammy hasn’t complained. Sammy spent four hours talking her ear off about religious allegories in classic literature, and has now passed out in the backseat. Deanna wishes she could sleep, but it seems since the first two days after the return from the Cage – she flinches away from the name – she can’t. The singing isn’t too loud, right now, but it’s still there. It’s a headache, but it’s two in the morning. Everything’s a headache.
“Zachariah,” Cas says, low and dangerous. “You should not have come.”
“Leave her alone!” Deanna yells, but it’s too late. With a snap, Cas disappears.
“Jesus Christ,” Sammy replies, “stop calling it ‘
Death motions to the pizza. “Eat,” he adds.
“Sheesh, tough crowd. Well, to put it frankly, I’m here because your sister sent me to find you. Rightfully so, as I can see.”
Deanna’s so, so weak. She keeps saying no, but it’s getting harder. She’d give up the world for Sammy or Ada. She just never wanted to have to.
“Dad died,” she says, “long ago. My mom made a deal with a demon and brought him back. Mom died, and dad spent all that time hunting the demon down. Dad got killed by the demon. Sam got killed by the demon, and I made a deal at a crossroads with one to bring her back. I got a year. Sam got the rest of her life, although if she keeps hanging out with Ruby-the-demon-bitch, we’ll see if she doesn’t just throw it away.”
Anna leans in close, their red hair falling against Deanna’s face. “Because you humans are so beautiful in your freedom.”
“You haven’t found them,” Ada tells her. “You won’t find them.”
“What did you
“It’s just the two of us,” Deanna tells them. “Unless you mean demon-bitch back there.”
“Ah, ah, ah,” somebody says.
“Hey, Castiel,” the Trickster says cheerfully. “Can’t have you ruining things quite yet.”
Ada narrows her eyes and sits back on her heels. “If you say so.”
“Hey,” Sammy says over the phone, sounding disturbingly chipper and almost like herself. “So you know my freaky psychic shit, right.”
But America had always had a wildness to it. It shone through in some of the indigenous stories Sammy had read about, when Deanna sat down to listen, but those were stories of a more beautiful place. The America now destroyed everyone differently, yet everyone had to survive all the same. The America that Deanna and Sammy had been raised in was the kind of place that John fit best in, a country built by lonesome souls and muffled voices. The two of them feral and forever-running, one foot out the door, a knife in their hand and a prayer on their lips. They weren’t what America was quite trying to destroy, but it would all the same.
Ada’s eyes flash – familiar and foreign all at once. “I didn’t do
And isn’t that funny. Isn’t it just, because Sammy has always been the only good thing in Deanna’s world, always. Deanna’s the fucked-up one, full of anger and rage and Hellfire spitting at her steps. Sammy’s the one who was going places, with her genius mind and her Rosary and all the books she absorbed on mythology and law before she was nineteen.
Castiel turns, all coiled power, and looks up towards the sky. It is empty, out in the Midwest, the stars so vast. She says, like she is trying not to be heard, “I have doubts, you know. But Heaven’s plan – I cannot.”
“Haniel says hello,” Balthazar tells them. “Be careful. We’re actually rooting for you, you know. Do
“Yeah,” Deanna agrees.
The destruction only gets worse the closer they get to Bobby’s. When they do, they find him with Crowley.
It was summer. They’d walked along the train tracks in the middle of the night, lukewarm mountain air and the breeze ruffling their hair. The stars in the sky so big and wide above.
Deanna has never been terrified of a being quite so much as she is by this one.
Neither of them speak for a minute.
“No,” Ada snaps. She sits down. “I haven’t been hunting in five months.”
said your family would be safe. We agreed to nothing of the sort. You need to learn to read the fine print, Deanna.”
Ada finally speaks up. “I’m not Christian.”
She coughs. “Are you – you know. Alright.”
Deanna doesn’t know if she can forgive her. But that doesn’t mean she’s going to leave her alone. She couldn’t, even if she tried.
, said Deanna’s sister.
Sammy says, “I need to stay with him, De.”
"At least Ada stands up to us,” Deanna says to Gabriel. “You ran away from Heaven, and you’re still running.”
“Don’t hurt yourself there,” Ada replies. “Are you?”
“Then why,” Deanna asks, “are we ok?”
“And grace,” Cas says with her eyes very quiet, “is a weapon.”
They get pie at a diner and stay far away from the few other locals, who are eyeing them with justifiable hostility. Sammy’s on edge, jumping at shadows, and Deanna can’t focus for shit, not that she’s been able to for weeks anyway. She shoves down the urge to fight with Sammy, the urge to punch someone. They’re here to help these people. They’re here to help.
Multiple things happen at once. A carving knife slides through the front of Zachariah’s face, and his eyes flare white with light as he screams. Cas’s angel blade materializes and she slices through her palm, pressing a bloody hand to her own chest. Deanna gets thrown against a wall by the blast, and shuts her eyes as the angels scream, as something strips back from her bones, as the world turns to nothing but light and sound.
“No,” Deanna says. “What – Bobby, we’re fine.”
Cas had told Chuck, right before Raphael had turned the world inside out with light:
"It’s not all your fault,” Deanna tells her. “They’d been breaking for a while.” The way the world leaked, the colors. She’d been tuning into angel radio. That had been the singing.
“Yes,” Cas says, her brow furrowing. They need to get her a haircut. “You did. Do you know where God is, then?”
Sammy’s barely coherent, and Deanna kind of doesn’t want to know if her eyes are actually steaming or if that’s just a trick of the light, but she mumbles something when they move her. Ada’s quiet, face white and clutching her wrist.
More silence. Deanna wants to hang up, but she also doesn’t.
Sammy yelps with pain, and Deanna turns towards her instinctively, just like Ada. Sammy’s curling in on herself, and Deanna goes to grab her shoulder, just like she has since they were five –
“That is because it is made for harmonizing sets of vocal chords,” Cas says. “More than you have.”
(They had been a rebellion, once.
. “I don’t need anything from you, Deanna. But I do want things.”
in the middle – ”
“Alpha,” Sammy replies. “The Alpha monsters. Like…the original ones.”
The angel will laugh, and laugh, and laugh.
“I need to do something, Sam. I’m not like you. I can’t just settle down and…not. I can’t do that.”
“Eyes on the road, Samantha.”
it means, because Deanna’s seen it far too many times in the mirror.
Deanna thinks vehemently.
“Are you sure of that?” Sammy asks, eyes intense. No, not intense – dark. Deanna blinks, and they’re black, but not demon black, black like ashes, black like her eye sockets are full of black sand and it’s spilling out. There’s hollow moons stamped under her eyes, and her cheekbones are gaunt. Deanna doesn’t know the last time Sammy ate or slept. Deanna doesn’t know the last time
Deanna doesn’t want to believe that Cas is a traitor. She spends the whole car ride back to Lawrence arguing with Sammy about it. “What’s she even a traitor to?” She asks. “It’s not like there’s
Deanna’s voice is hoarse when it comes out. “This is way above my paygrade.”
“Hm,” Deanna says again. Then, “Shh, buddy, don’t cry.”
“Is Ada even
Cas looks back at her. Her eyes are hard, too, like light shining through a shattered window. She’ll laugh, high and shrill.
Lucifer laughs, and laughs, and laughs, and when they two meet in battle, the earth itself quakes.)
"Hey, Cas,” she says aloud, her voice rough and cracking. She clears her throat. “If – you know. If you can hear me. Be good to hear from you, dude. ‘m kinda worried. And, you know, got some questions.” She lowers her voice, no louder than a whisper. Like the kid she never got to be, telling secrets at a sleepover. “I should be dead. I don’t know why I’m not. Why either of us aren’t.”
The demon gestures with his hand.
“So God’s a no-show,” Ada concludes. She doesn’t sound as disappointed as the rest of them.
Sammy says warmly, except it’s not Sammy. Lucifer in Sammy’s body is something Deanna knows will haunt her nightmares – the full white ensemble, so unlike Sammy’s jeans and acid-washed church shirts, the evenly shining smile, so unlike Sammy’s crooked grins.
Deanna snorts. “No, we don’t.”
“Help you,” Balthazar says. “I’m already a dead man walking, girl. I’m certainly not helping you any more than this.”
“No,” Sammy starts again. “No, Ada,
“Leave,” Ada says to Cas, except it’s not Ada. It’s Gabriel. Eyes gleaming golden, haloed by the setting sun. “
“Yeah,” she says. And then, in her older-sister voice, “We’re going to Bobby’s.”
(There was once, when they were in Wyoming, when their father hadn’t been back home in a while. They’d been old enough to know why he was gone, but not old enough to wonder if this was the time he wouldn’t come back.
The three of them sit in silence and reflect on this for a few minutes. Deanna flips off a man who tries to pass her, and then accelerates to at least fifteen over the speed limit.
Ada purposefully relaxes her shoulders. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter now.”
Deanna snorts. What does he have to offer them that they care about?
Deanna sees Cas staggering off the ground, so beautiful with the midnight-blue wings that Deanna had glimpsed and will never forget, not in all her years. Deanna sees Ada’s eyes, and the scream of
Sammy will laugh. It’s not quite broken, but breaking.
Deanna’s quiet. She blinks hard and wonders if the singing has actually moved out of her head and into full-blown hallucinations. She says, “I can’t remember my mother’s face.” She says, “What does that make me.”
Ada snorts. “Glasgow Coma Scale. It’s a fifteen-point scale to…basically to measure alertness, in the context of traumatic brain injuries.”
, people whisper,
“Oh, get up,” she says, angry. Not angry – tired. Very, very tired. She wonders if she should just say yes, and get this all over with.
“What was that?” Their youngest sister demands.
, and I planned to
Deanna wants to say.
With a whirling like the floor dropping out from underneath Deanna, Balthazar is lit from the inside, the bones and barely-flowing blood illuminated by the glow of the angelic weapons which he has sewn into the body. She knows what he means, instantly, intimately, how to undo the seams. Cas frowns, but it’s pensive. Deanna is stuck, pinned to the floor. The singing has quieted, and in its place the silence is more terrible.
“Stop doing the freaky mindreading thing,” Deanna splutters. “You just said I deserved to go back to Hell!”
“De,” Sammy snaps. “We’re leaving.”
“I think she meant it literally,” Ada says.
“Come on, we’ve gone over this already, don’t you have
the bell had tolled. The deaths of kings, how the red tears dripped down the Virgin Mother’s face.
Ada grabs her, grabs her shoulders. The wing-scar
“Holy shit,” Sammy says, still staring at Castiel. “You’re – you’re a real angel.”
Neither of them answer.
“Not everything’s about you,” Ada says. “So would you stop being self-deprecating for one goddamn minute?”
!” Deanna screams, shooting the angel. It doesn’t do anything. Her little sister’s still on the floor.
She shoves her way out, digs her way through the dirt, finds herself in a circle of flattened trees. The jolt of being in a body that is physical is sudden, and she wonders briefly if this is hell, dry dirt and the absence of God in God’s country. She remembers the baying of the hellhounds, the tearing in her chest. She stares at herself in a gas station mirror – is she her? Are her eyes black, or green? Her nose still crooked, her freckles still there? Her hair is a mess, like she’s been dead and buried, long and dirty blonde, and for a moment she touches it like it’s not her own. A trip six feet under did not, unfortunately, make her taller, and she’s still erring on the side of,
, though in Deanna’s mind she is the only one who deserves to.
