Perhaps Dean felt the slight hint of a smile on his lips. Before John disappeared to work, he checked on Dean. He told him again that Dean could always call work if anything was wrong. Dean would never do it, but still he nodded as if it was an option for him.
No matter how much Dean actually hated his life situation, he still helped John and Sam with the house. He had been trying to stay stubborn for a few days, but then felt like an stupid asshole. So he played along.
And a few seconds later, Cas was sitting in front of him, stealing pancakes, while our knies briefly touched.
His head was on Cas' chest. Our legs and fingers were interwined. Cas stroked Dean's hair and stared at the ceiling. Dean's eyes were closed.
When Dean woke up, it was already daylight. Cas was no longer in his bed and Dean sat up confused. He rubbed his eyes and ran through his hair. Cas probably already left for school.
Only that now nobody said anything. Sam was actually the one who led the conversation, but today he had nothing to talk about. Sam was the one who was best at distracting us. He did it all the time, but today it was to distract from him.
At school nothing changed. They behaved as usual, except maybe they looked at each other a few times too long. It was okay. Dean didn't want the whole world to know. Yet. It should stay with them, safe, whatever that is. In that safe little bubble they created on the weekend.
Dean sat down alone at an empty table. He let his gaze wander once over the cafeteria until he saw Sam. He was sitting at a table with two boys and a blond girl. The girl was saying something and Sam seemed to be listening intently and Dean was proud.
The feeling was worse when he stood in the middle of his room. He swallowed hard and walked toward his window to close it. After that he tried to ignore the bad feeling and sat on his table. He watched as Cas looked around his room, but said nothing.
Dean wondered all the time how such a nice, kind man like Cas' father could have been with such a cruel woman like Cas' mother. Although he had never met her before, but Dean didn't like the stories Cas told about her.
Dean's brain realized what had happened. Slowly he noticed that the blood was still dripping on the floor. Why did he do it here and not go tothe bathroom, like he would normally do? He looked at his arm, and saw nothing but blood. It was a deep wound. Not life threatening, but not normal either.
"Have you ever taken mushrooms?" Dean shook his head, looking at the digusting, slimy shroom. "Absolutely disgusting."
Dean could do nothing except look at him. Dean was firmly convinced that no one could help him. How could they? Why couldn't anyone understand that? You probably can't help some people and Dean thought that he just belong to this group of person. Time had to heal him or rather he had to repair himself. If that's even possible.
Again, Dean hear Cas' run after him and suddenly he was next to him, grabbing Dean's wrist, but Dean only ripped his arm away in the most agressiv way possible. Cas looked at Dean in shock. Dean stopped.
Dean wanted it so much and he noticed how his eyes jumped between Cas' eyes and his lips, but Dean didn't dare. Even if he thought that he would just do it, Dean didn't. He was fucking scared and this fear overwhelmed him. What if he did it and Cas didn't want it? Then Dean would have lost the only "friend" he possibly had here. And then the whole trip would be fucked up and everything would be fucked up and-
It was a nice Saturday evening. Dean and Cas spent all day together. They were good for each other. In fact, Cas even managed to help Dean with the schoolwork he missed far too often. But they mostly just made out.
"The doctor said he's okay." John said instead in response to the question and even though it made Dean calm down a bit, Dean needed to know why they were sitting here in the first place.
It was raining all night, so everything was muddy the next morning. Sam didn't say it but Dean knew he would have rather taken the school bus than walk all the way with his brother. Sam, however, didn't complain.
Sam gently grabbed Dean's arm and pulled him back to reality. Dean swallowed hard until he just walked past Sam and down the stairs.
"Promise me that." Sam demanded and Dean swallowed hard. He didn't know how to stop it. Which magic trick he had to use there.
"Who is we?" he asked while obviously looking past Castiel to the table that was still watching them. Castiel laughed caught, a little ashamed.
"Sammy. Hey, look at me." Dean gently reached for Sam's shoulder and pushed him away, so he would look at Dean.
It felt like the whole world was shrinking and they were trapped in some space they couldn't get out of. Cas was stressed, while Sam just seemed empty. Like Sam was used to it, he probably was, but Cas hated that it was that way.
And from that moment on Dean somehow knew that it would be okay. And to be honest, all of that was thanks to Cas because he was the annoying appendage he was. If he hadn't tried, Dean wouldn't have ended up here. In a meadow with friends and a pretty boy.
"Sure." Dean replied without giving it much thought. He couldn't even think about it, because his brain was lost in thought again.
Dean had no idea what to say, so he kissed him gently. Words just couldn't describe much at this moment anyway.
It seemed to him that I couldn't finish reading the other ones. As if this book had just been ended, as if it had broken off in the middle of the sentence. As if you had never written it, just had the idea of it.
"Sam, actually. I just call him Sammy." Dean explained and looked at the ceiling, before their eyes met. They just looked at each other for a while until Cas started to laugh.
At the end of the evening they were both just sad and tired. Castiel's grandma had asked them if they wanted to eat anything and both of them denied.
"There's so much in my head." Dean continued. Cas probably didn't expect it, but he smiled a little when Dean kept talking. "Do you know that feeling, when it's so fucking loud in there?"
Dean tried not to let it show how tired and weak he actually was. He struggled up the stairs and opened the door to his room. Cas followed him quitly.
After school, Gabriel announced that his parents would leave for the weekend and he would throw a small house party. Of course, to Cas' suprise, Dean wanted to go.
"According to the fight earlier, I don't understand a lot." Dean didn't want to face the fact that he had hurt his little brother on.
John got out and slowly opened Dean's door, whereupon he helped him get out. When Dean's legs were firmly on the ground, John slowly dragged him into the hallway of their house. After that Dean remembered running into the kitchen and puking into the sink. He started crying and fell to the ground.
It was okay and Dean closed his eyes and just let it in. Je was falling and couldn't do anything except hope that he wouldn't hit the hard ground but that Cas would catch me. Dean trusted him.
He got faster until Dean groaned loudly and came. Dean shivered more than before and he felt Cas come and ride it out until he pulled away and threw himself on the bed next to Dean. Dean had a hand in his hair, cum over his stomach and chest and if he didn't know any better, he would think he was about to die.
"Dean? What's going on?" He asked confused and looked at Cas, whereupon he shrugged and tried to tell him that he had no idea what was going on either. Maybe Cas should have somehow told John that Dean was totally drunk and high.
He hasn't cried in ages, for a long time there was no real reason. But seeing Dean like this, so sad, so tired, it just hurt. Cas swallowed down his tears and slowely took hishand off the doorknob. Carefully he took a small step forward to see if Dean's reaction would change, but he didn't respond. So he went for a second one.
"Hey, baby." He said softly and he could hear how Dean breathed out, as if he had held his breath the entire time. Castiel slowly sank onto the bed. He carefully sat on the edge, as far away from his boyfriend as possible, because he wasn't sure if Dean wanted or needed any more contact.
The moon was still only half full, smiling down at them. There were two stars at each side of it and it looked like a happy face. At least it did when you were a little drunk.
Dean saw the gleam in Sam's eyesand thought 'Damn he is just a kid' and a short time later, Dean found himself happily watching the play of colors. Perhaps this was the moment when Dean realized that he himself was still just a kid.
To Castiel's surprise, Dean responded by turning around. His head found the way to the surface and he looked at Cas.
And while in the end it hadn't changed anything about Dean's situation, it had changed something at the moment. Because for a few minutes, Dean didn't think about what had happened. He just thought about how blood gathered in the fresh wounds and felt nothing else except the warm liquid running down his arms.
"Bad." Sam said and Dean nodded understandingly. He had expected nothing else. "I don't know how the hell this could happen. I would never, really never-"
"The guys that look at us. Sorry, they can't mind their own bussiness." Castiel said and Dean looked back at him. "They are stupid, I know. But if I wouldn't say that, we wouldn't be friends, right?"
Neither of them had said anything for the entire drive home. John hadn't asked his son any questions. Dean fought hard to stay awake. Everything was moving in slow motion. His head had problems putting the pictures together.
On the way Cas told Dean what his evening was like. That his dad had offered that Dean and Cas could visit him in America. They sat down on the cold, wet grass. When you breathed small clouds of air formed.
"You shouldn't care about that." Dean heard Castiel whisper and turned his head slightly in his direction. He didn't look at him.
Dean still couldn't really believe that Cas existed in his life. He said that too often, and every fuckng time Cas just gave Dean a silly grin. Dean could also hear his smile through his phone, he could see it when it was already dark.
It occurred to him at that moment he didn't even really know what he meant. Did he mean Kansas or this new fancy house that he hated so much? Where was home?
"I don't give a shit what people think about you. For me you are the most beautiful boy in the world." Dean rolled his eyes. How did he deserve him? "We could have sex in the ocean."
For far too long, Dean said nothing. He just looked down at his hands that were dangling between his legs. Everything in Dean said that he should convince Cas otherwise. That he was fine and all of this wasn't a big deal.
And it seemed to Dean that they didn't expect anything from each other. To be honest, Dean expected absolutely nothing from Cas. No great speech, no body contact, just nothing. And Dean found that it made things so much easier.
Dean wanted to go to the place where they first kissed. Where they were camping. In that safe little bubble. The only place they could be completely alone from the rest of the world. That place felt like earth belonged to them
Sam expected Dean to say something. He looked at his older brother with so much hope, but Dean couldn't tell him what he wanted to hear and he didn't want to give him false hopes either. He would like to tell Sam that eventually everything will be okay. Normal. That he would eventually manage to get over everything. But Dean didn't see that point in his life.
"I know." Sam sighed and Dean could have cried because of course Sam knew. Dean hated that Sam knew.
However, after a while they managed to pack everything together and make their way home. They would repeat that, they made that clear. Maybe they would repeat that very often. Dean hoped they would.
"Holy shit." Dean mumbled and closed his eyes. He slid down the wall until he was sitting on the floor. He pulled my knees up and leaned his head against the wall. As he opened his eyes again, he watched Cas as he sat cross-legged in front of him.
Dean had told Sam that no matter what, if anything was wrong, he should come to him immediately or make sure someone let Dean know. At school, Dean always was the big brother. Plus, it was Sam's first day of high school.
"Cool." Castiel smiled briefly and Dean, for the first time, returned that smile. He wondered who could be so nice voluntarily. Castiel didn't come across as a selfish soul. Rather the opposite. Humble.
"I just want to show it to you." John started. „Then I'll get you a pillow and you can sleep in the car, if that's what you need."
"You mean that one?" Dean asked, taking it out of his jacket pocket. "You're very attentive. It's almost creepy."
He said that yesterday and he meant it. Dean couldn't even talk to Sam about all of the shit that happened in Kansas. How was he supposed to tell the whole story to Cas? Something in Dean wanted Cas to know, mostly because he trusted him. Because some part of Dean thought that this one blue eyed boy could save him. But Dean didn't want to
"I didn't take drugs." Dean said sheepishly, as if anyone here would believe him. Dean looked over at her a little unobtrusively, whereupon she just smiled at him sadly. "I fucked up."
"I'm sad because of my mom too." Dean said at some point and Cas frowned, looked almost shocked. Dean would have been just as shocked by his honesty, if it wouldn't hurt so much. It hurt so fucking much and Cas grabbed his hand.
Dean hated this. He had it that Sam felt the same way he did. He hated that they both resorted to some shitty means to make them feel good for just a fucking second. Good was the wrong expression here, they probably didn't even feel okay. Everything was so far from okay. Maybe they just wanted to feel something else for a few seconds or nothing at all.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" was all that Dean somehow got out of himself. It was too much, but he didn't want less. He wanted everything, everything he could get.
"Your hands are shaking." Castiel replied and Dean looked up for a moment, looking into blue, almost worried eyes, until his gaze turned to his hands, which were lying on the table. He discovered that they were indeed trembling slightly.
"There is a sports field, down the stairs. You've probably already seen it, but we always kick around a bit after school. Let off steam, you know. Want to join us later?" For a moment, Dean just looked at him and seriously had no idea what to say to him.
"Why not? It's the truth, isn't it?" Dean shrugged. Why do people always apologize for the painful truth? Why can't they stand with what they said? Why was everyone threating Dean like he was made of glass?
To be honest, all these details weren't important, because in the end, it was just a house and it served the purpose of a house.
Sam had put two plates with Mac and Cheese on the table and after he was done, Sam announced that he was going out with some friends. Dean had frowned for a moment until he smiled faintly. But Sam hesitated. He had asked if he could leave Dean alone and of course Dean nodded, put on a fake smile, and after a few minutes his little brother left the house.
Cas stopped talking and Dean's mouth was slightly open. He wanted to say something so bad, but what the fuck was he supposed to say?
The weather was warm, not hot. There was a light breeze that smelled like summer flowers. The sky was covered with a few clouds.
"Why didn't you come to me?" Sam asked, trying to hide his anger. Dean frowned and looked confused. That wasn't really an option for him. "You can talk to me."
"What's wrong with him?" Dean asked more emphatically and turned to the other direction. As if he was alone now. He is gonna break, but he can't. He would have broken if he would have still looked at Cas. "Dad, tell me."
"You can paint it and decorate it as you want." John said, hoping it would do something, but Dean simply nodded. From the window Dean could see their little garden and realized that he could climb on a part of the roof if he wanted to.
God, it hurt. Seeing him completly broken and crying hurt like a bitch. But Dean had to go through it. And for once in his fucking life, he had to stay strong and calm at the same time.
"My ex?" Cas asked a little confused and Dean nodded cautiously. "He was good. We just lived apart, it wasn't a dramatic breakup."
Dean didn't even have to think about it anymore. He had already thought about it too often because this conversation happened too regulary. It hadn't helped him before, why would it be good for anything now?
"I don't think it would be a good idea either." Cas said honestly, but didn't look Dean in the eye when he looked up.
Has anyone fallen asleep watching TV? Did someone have a baby that couldn't sleep at night? Game night? Sleepover? And the most important question, who of them had sex?
"What did you do when you were here alone?" Dean asked him after a while. Cas took a sip of his beer and scrunched his nose.
He made it sound like he didn't care, like it was a normal thing that happens to everyone, while he was well aware that it wasn't. But Dean didn't say anything about it, because he would do the same.
John came home from his first day of work at this car workshop and decided to order pizza. After the bell rang and the smell of gratinated cheese filled the house, the three found themselves at the small dining table with three chairs.
Dean's heart was breaking, he couldn't even manage a fake smile. He wanted to, for his dad, but he couldn't. He would have cried.
But his father was right. Dean shouldn't do that to himself. Maybe he wouldn't stand it. This was the first time that Dean was honest with himself and he hated it. He was weak.
Dean whimpered pitifully as he pulled his fingers away from him, but these were replaced relatively quickly by his dick. Cas slowly entered him, cautiously, while Dean held his breath and squeezed his hand, which was still under his. When Cas was completely inside him, Dean swallowed hard, couldn't believe for a few seconds that this was real, until he felt Castiel's lips briefly on his.
"I've known Gabriel and Michael forever, ever since we were little. They were the first ones I came out to. At some point, Gabriel introduced me to Balthazar, and somehow, there was something and nothing at the same time. I don't know, but I liked him and I thought that it could go somewhere, and I wanted my mom to know that." Cas removed his hand from Dean's leg. "I just wanted to talk to her, let her into my life, you know. Is that stupid?"
Castiel looked just like his father. Same size, same nose, same body type. Dean was sure that Cas would look like that in twenty-something years.
Their Dad was good. No matter what or how much he had to do, he always found time for Sam and Dean. Every fucking evening (until Dean turned eleven and thought he was to old for this shit) he played hide-and-seek with them and then read them a good night's story.
Dean slowly crawled out of his bed and walked towards the desk, whereupon he took the book with a careful hand movement and opened it, on this one specific page.
"Doesn't your granny get scared if you have a guy with you overnight?" Dean asked with a sassy smile.
His train of thought was interrupted when the door was opened and John came into his room. Dean slowly sat up and leaned against the wall with his back. Dean closed his eyes, well aware that this is gonna be a deep conversation. He was tired of it.
"How can you eat pancakes without me?" he heard Cas and looked up. He stood in the doorway and looked at Dean with a exaggerated frown.
On the weekend, Dean and Cas texted a little. His father didn't mention the subject of therapy and Sam disappeared all the time. Dean spent his time in his room or the roof.
"Not here." He was right, Dean tried to be an asshole. Maybe this Castiel guy would leave him finally alone.
"Do I have to explain it to you again? I've already canceled the last time. I fucking hated it. Why should I start again?"
"Unfortunately we aren't at home anymore, otherwise I would have apologized to every fucking wall long ago!" Dean got louder. He was mad, he was hurt and he was alone. "Every piece of furniture, preferably every fucking plate that has landed on the floor!"
On the other side of the room was a dark brown couch. Next to it was a big bookcase with a lot of books and little fake plants.
When Dean was sure that the house was empty, he got up. He sat on the edge of his bed for what seemed like an eternity until he slowly got up. He sat down on his roof, had a smoke until he went into the bathroom.
It was getting better at school. Dean was able to concentrate better and got along better, thanks to Cas. Cas made him study at least an hour a day. Maybe sometimes he was rewarded for it. Maybe.
"My sedative." his father finally answered and Dean's heart stopped beating. At that moment everything started to move slower for sure. His vision was blurred, he heard everything muffled.
"Yeah. When I was with my ex, I was really scared to ask her if he could stay here. She didn't care and said that." Cas explained.
They were just tired. John concentrated on the road while Dean stared out the window. He watched the sky turn orange and it was beautiful. Maybe, somewhere in Iowa, it wasn't that bad.
"I'm okay." his father said tersely. After that he told Dean the name of the hospital and they hung up.
Cas wasn't angry. Dean would be better if hCas was angry, because now he just sounded hurt and disappointed. Dean was too and, god, he was so desperate.
Sam spoke to their father, but Dean of course couldn't understand what it was about. Dean didn't believe he was the center of the earth, but his father and brother often made it seem that way. He knew their conversation was about him.
"I don't want to tell you. I don't know it myself." his father said honestly and Dean understood nothing.
"What do you want to know?" Cas sounded so gentle and caring and Dean didn't know if it was just because it was late and they tried to be quiet or because he was just like that.
"Do it." Dean invited him as he threw my arms in the air and turned around. Castiel looked at him with a frown, his backpack loose over one shoulder.
It seemed to Dean that something warm would fit into the picture. No cigarette smoke, no alcohol, but something normal. Something like hot chocolate. At that moment, he was wondering about himself. His head was always looking for some kind of drug and now he just wanted to sit outside and what? Drink hot chocolate?
It was a kind of offer that sounded much better in Dean's head. Cas moved closer and kissed his forehead.
"What's going on in your life, though?" Dean suddenly wanted to know. Probably it was because the silence was starting to suffocate him, but he also noticed that he knew nothing about Castiel. Except who his friends were, where he lived and that he was maybe gay.
He walked past Dean and upstairs. Dean was sure he would do his homework, like any good student. Because Sam was smarter than him and was at least interested in school.
He sat up and slid closer, took Cas' hand and pushed it under the blanket, whereupon it now laid on his crotch. Cas couldn't take his eyes off Dean. He looked lost and as confused as Cas was at that very moment. At some point he rested his head on Cas' shoulder.
For a while, he just let his legs dangle in the air until he overcame himself to leave the car completely. The floor felt different. It smelled different. Not like fun and luck. Candy and hot milk. More like grief. Like dirt.
Dean laid in his bed and thought about how it could be if everything went well. As if everything somehow made sense. Everything bad that had happened. Cas could make everything good again. He could make it so that Dean might be okay again.
"What? What do you want to do? Do you want to go up to him and talk to him like you're his fucking therapist?"
Dean had nothing to tell, but he tried anyway. He said that school was boring, but the people are nice. Sam looked unobtrusively to his big brother and gave him a smal, grateful smile, which Dean returned softly. John just listened to them, grateful someone broke that awkward silence. Grateful they both did, because John didn't had to say anything at all.
Sam started shaking his head as if he wanted to say that this apology wasn't necessary. But it was, it really was. Because Sam had been strong for too long, while everyone around him was weak.
But Dean didn't want to talk. Dean would never call Sam just because he was feeling bad. Sam cared enough about him already, Dean didn't want to draw any more attention to himself. He would never call his father at work. He had no one else beside them.
"You scared the shit out of me." Cas finally said and it sounded like a confession. As if he'd thought a thousand times before saying it. It sounded bitter, but still not mad.
"Are you scared?" Cas asked softly at some point and looked into Dean's eyes. For a while, Dean just looked at him, sinking into his eyes, hoping he could say no, but couldn't in the end. So Dean started to nod.
"Why are you doing that?" Cas pointed to Dean's arms, then to the pack of cigarettes. "I don't wanna know your story, not if you don't wanna tell it. Why do you do
For the summer, Cas and Dean planned to fly to America to accept the offer from his father. America sounded good, sounded like a good activity. To travel with Cas sounded like a wonderful summer activity.
Dean could do nothing for a moment but look at him in shock. His mouth was slightly open and he felt so sorry for a kid he barely knew.
John turned away from Dean and stared at the floor. Dean frowned and swallowed hard after a while. His father couldn't tell him.
"I miss her, Dean." Sam finally said and it broke Dean's fucking heart. They never said it, they never talked about it. Mostly because a part of Dean always died or went nuts when they did. Dean remembered all his panic attacks.
Dean took a short breath and realized that he was. He saw the blue eyes boy here before, but he always sat in the front row. Actually, Dean realized Castiel looked a bit tired himself.
God, why did he eat these fucking gross ass mushrooms? That was one of the stupidest things he's ever done in his entire life. He hadn't been as angry as he was last night for while now. Maybe he have never been as angry as he was last night.
"Yes, sometimes you need more time, you know?" Dean tried to lie, already knowing that it was pointless.
"I'm just kidding." Dean said and Cas put his head back on Dean's shoulder and Dean kissed his hair. Whatever this was, Dean knew that he wanted it. Everything he can get. And he wanted to give Cas everything he could.
Dean swallowed hard and for a moment he thought he was angry at his father for saying all these things, but he wasn't. Because that was one of the most honest things his dad ever said to him. You can't be angry with anyone for the truth.
"No idea. I'm sure he doesn't know them all." He laughed and Dean would have kissed him, if they wouldn't be at a party with too many drunk teenagers.
The only reaction that felt right was to simply wait for Cas to get to him and then let himself fall into his arms. The moment it happened felt right.
"I didn't leave, because I didn't thought she was serious. I mean, where the fuck was I supposed to go? Then she called for my stepfather and told him to kick me out, he did that, but before that he literally kicked me. She didn't care."
"I'm afraid to lose you, Dean. Don't you get it?" Sam muttered almost angrily, because Dean really didn't seem to understand.
Dean went up to John, pushed him against the wall and then held him right there. Cas could swear he heard the wall cracking.
"I already said no." Dean said and John sighed. Like always. Because they had this exact conversation way too many times now.
For a second, he wondered how the hell that happened, but Dean knew it: He has opened this one book from his desk, sat on his bed with it, and put the blade that was hidden in there on his arm. After that everything went really fast.
"Yeah. He's not in this country, not even on the same continent, but he's there, you know. I can call him, we skype from time to time." he says as he plays around with his fingers. "He cares about me."
From that moment on, Dean realized how much he actually disguised myself from others. His mask said that he didn't need a babysitter. He would go home alone. Castiel knew that, though.
"You are not alone, Dean." Cas clarified and Dean nodded again. If Dean didn't know any better, he would have said the world stopped at that moment. Just for a little while and it was the thing Dean needed to most in that second.
Sam would wake up and realize what he had done. Dean knew how that felt and he hated to think that his little brother would soon know too.
They often just laid there, sometimes talked about everything and nothing at all. Sometimes they were just enjoying each other's presence. But last week they were both too happy to talk about their problems. Actually, Dean hoped they would never get to the point.
For a moment he was sure that the boy next to him wanted to intervene, but didn't. Perhaps Dean had only wished for it.
Dean enjoyed that no one asked unnecessary questions about his long clothes on a sunny day and it was really just about having fun. To be a teenager. Dean realized that he hadn't felt like that for a long time.
"See?" Cas said, breaking the hug. "If you're driving on the main street, everything is labeled. If not, google maps and there's a city map hanging around somewhere, maybe twenty minutes by bike."
Dean saw Castiel's eyes grow wide and he swallowed hard, but he said nothing. Cas studied Dean's arm for a long time without saying a word, until he carefully grabbed his wrist, turning Dean's arm a little with a soft motion. Not judgmental, not degrading, he just looked at the bandage.
Dean just looked at him and didn't know exactly what to answer. Maybe he didn't need an answer to that statement. Maybe that was just a statement you didn't need to discuss.
"Apparently it is, if you don't want to talk like that." Dean talked back. Cas was standing in front of him now, but Dean just kept talking. But he wasn't alone anymore.
"Was there a reason?" Dean asked him now in a sober state. He still didn't like to talk about it, but he wanted, or rather needed, the answer to that question. When he needed it high, he needed it even more when he was sober. Maybe Dean could get a little closure. Delete one point from the list.
They were silent for a while and Dean didn't know if that was maybe too much. Did Cas even want to spend so much time with him? But why else would he have allowed Dean to sleep at his house? Why would he suggest to go camping together? Why would he allow Dean to use his bike?
"Why didn't you say anything? Why do you never say anything? I was there, right next to you! That was the fucking reason I was next to you. Why didn't you say anything?" Sam asked justified and Dean closed his eyes.
His mind was so far away that he wondered if this was really reality. But then he snapped out of it, sat up straight and cleared his throat.
Dean nodded in understanding. It was the same as the roof that was a safe place for him and Sam. Just like in Kansas an abandoned parking lot was a safe place for Dean for one night.
"Do I look like?" Dean asked deadly serious with a raised eyebrow and Cas started to laugh. Dean didn't get what was so funny, but Cas' laugh made him grin and he hid is behind his hand.
The doctor said that he should stay another night, just to make sure everything was alright. john wasn't to fond of that idea, but of course he let it happen.
It had taken hours. Sam had cried too. No idea what he had said or did to convince Dean, but the older one remembered the pain he felt. At each traffic light he saw the opportunity to jump out of the car, but he didn't.
Then he left, leaving Cas alone in their house, where he might feel more at home than all three of the Winchesters together.
"I don't know." Dean said quietly, barely audible. He looked up, met his brothers eyes and it broke his fucking heart. Dean wanted it to stop. He didn't want to have this conversation, not with his little brother who shouldn't even know how horrible life can be.
As if Dean just needed to know the reason and then he could let go, work on it, do anything. Or did he know what the problem was, but just couldn't let it collapse on him? It was as if he was standing in front of a huge pile of memories and emotions that was only held up by one stone and if Dean would just make it go away, this one little stone, this whole pile would burry him.
He should have taken the time to take another breath, but he just opened the door quietly instead and there he was.
No more thoughts were wasted, as if that was the only solution. And suddenly, that thought scared Dean.
"I love you." Dean heard Sam say, whereupon he closed his eyes and hugged him even tighter. Dean couldn't say anything, his brain had too much work to do. Sam didn't expect him too.
"Don't apologize for having feelings, okay? You take care of dad and me, all the time, cause dad and me are way to stupid for this. And you go to school and you made friends on your first day and your grades are high up. If someone should fucking apologize it should be us." Dean said seriously. "I'm sorry, Sammy. I'm sorry I'm not there for you."
"I've often been to my grandparents, almost every weekend." Cas started and Dean adjusted to just listening for a while.
Dean had only listened once at Sam's ajar door and seen them sitting together on the floor, absorbed in their homework. Nerds.
"I'm here, I won't leave you alone. You're not alone, I promise." Cas promised, because he needed Dean to know that.
"You didn't miss anything at school." Cas started. "The guys think you just skipped school, they won't talk to you about it. If there are any teachers who really dare to say something stupid, just ignore them, they have no idea."
After that, they must have fallen asleep, because when he woke up in Cas' arms, the room was flooded with sunlight. He felt Cas' hand go through his hair and he lost himself in the feeling.
"You really love him, don't you?" He asked at some point and for a second Cas was perplexed by the question, but then he started to nod slowly.
Cas dropped beside him and smiled with narrowed eyes. His hair was messy, stood in all directions, though it looked as though he had tried several times to tame them.
And in fact, the guys didn't bother Dean because of it. they were just happy he was back now. Actual people, who were happy to see Dean. There was no teacher who dared to say something dumb. Dean didn't know if they knew about his condition or not. But he was thankful that they just left him alone.
But his heart was beating so fast and suddenly he wasn't so cold anymore. His hands were still shaking, but not as bad as a few minutes ago. Dean couldn't say anything, just stared at the boy in front of him. As if he would consider talking to him.
At some point Dean was just exhausted and laid his head on Cas' shoulder, whereupon he put his arm around Dean and pulled him closer.
"You look so good." Dean heard him say and if Dean wasn't so fucking full and horny, maybe he would have answered something. "Should I use a condom? I mean, I'm clean, but maybe-"
He thought he would find out when he was supposed to. He had no right to ask any questions. For a moment, Dean wondered if he should honestly tell Cas that he cared about him too. Their trust was probably mutual.
He wanted it to be something like that so he could give Sam a lecture once, but tease him about it afterwards.
After a while Dean nodded and put his cigarette out. He lit the next one and Sam wanted to say something, but Dean glared at him. Sam hated it, Dean knew that, but he hadn't said anything about it for ages, and Dean only smoked when he felt bad and needed to.
"I'm not running, dad." Dean said more quietly now. He didn't want an argument, no tension. "I was in school. Like you wanted, right?"
The ride didn't seem long to him; he was too stuck in his little head. He didn't realize where he was going, where he was driving along. In fact, in retrospect, he would wonder how he had managed not to get run over.
It was warm, something Dean could focus on, so he did. Cas' warmth kept him here, in this reality. Dean wondered what would have happened if he wouldn't have told Cas. Where would his mind be then?
"The stunt? The stunt?! Is this what it was for you, a fucking stunt? A prank that went totally wrong?! That's what happened?!"
Suddenly the doorbell rang andSam and Dean looked at each other with a frown. After a few seconds, Sam put his plate aside and quietly walked to the door.
Even though Cas knew Dean was asleep he still kissed his forhead, played with his hair, rubbed his back, whispered little I loves you's.
It was like a monster and Dean didn't know who had created it. Had it been him? He didn't know. But it seemed to Dean that it was getting bigger and bigger, more dangerous. As if it would work out some strategies to finally get to Dean completely.
Dean was tired. On so many fucking levels and right now he just wanted to sleep. Dean wanted to switch off, find something like peace. Shut down and restart tomorrow as if nothing had ever happened.
"Because I don't know what else to do." He finally said and that was probably the most honest thing he has ever said on the matter. And he said it to someone he only knew for a month.
The hospital was easy to find. Probably Dean didn't live at the end of the world. Only now he saw a little of the small town in which he lived in from now.
"What are you thinking then?" Dean asked almost provocatively, but he couldn't ignore that also his voice was lightly shaking. Castiel surely noticed, but he didn't let it show. He let Dean play his game.
Dean looked over at Sam, who was stuffing a candy bar into his mouth. Dean had no idea where he got it again, but it was Sam. He was just happy that his little brother was here. That everything turned out okay. Maybe they could ignore it.
"Will you tell me your story someday?" He asked quietly, carefully. For a moment Dean just looked at Cas until he started to nod.
At home, before they moved here, he was able to talk to his family for hours. And today it was difficult for him to form three sentences at all. Because there was nothing to talk about. As if Dean wanted to keep everything with him, where it was safe.
He looked at Sam and smiled at him briefly, wanting to show him that he was okay. Sam seemed to believe him.
"I actually don't believe you just skipped school." Cas explained and Dean sighed. What the fuck was he doing here? Dean was confused, but he didn't mind. If he would mind, he would have told Cas to piss off before he entered his room.
"Just because you're new doesn't mean that you get a special treatment!" said Mrs Hanscum, his teacher and ripped Dean out of his thoughts and memories.
"Okay? Seriously? I think it was more than okay." Dean clarified and Cas grinned. He blushed and Dean never expected Cas to blush. It was cute, he liked it.
"He was good." Dean said and looked at Cas who just nodded. "Everyone thought we'd just stay together for a moment because they thought we were too young, but in the end we were together for almost two years. The last few months were a long-distance relationship, that was shit, but I think if he had never moved away, we would still be together."
Cas was a good friend. Maybe he was just the person Dean needed in his life. Someone to just sit there while Dean tried to figure out what the fuck was going on.
"Please, shut up." Dean interrupted him faster than he could think about it and squeezed his eyes shut. "You don't understand this."
There was a knock on the door and his father came in. Dean didn't react or sit up, just laid there until John sat down on my bed. Even then, he didn't look at him. Not because he was angry, he didn't want to see what he had done.
Dean was still a bit sick, but he was sure it would go away soon. It was difficult for him to stay on his feet. As if he was rocking back and forth all the time, like a ship.
"Please, don't hate me." He said at some point. The lump in his throat hurt and it wouldn't get better if he didn't start crying. But he didn't want to let it happen. "Please."
"You promised to talk to me." Cas said disappointed as Dean sat down on Cas' couch. His hands were dangled between his tights and he watched them. Cas was leaning against the wall.
They just kissed, as if both had been waiting for it forever. Dean wouldn't call it a hard, passionate kiss, though. It was, no idea, full of love, although love is an extreme word. It was just soft and careful. Dean couldn't describe it.
Two months ago Dean didn't know him yet and now he was sitting here with Cas and drinking beer. He trusted a stranger and the stranger trusted him.
His father just looked at him until he put an arm around Dean. He rubbed Dean's shoulder for a while.
He wished he could change it. That he could change everything. He just wanted to go back. Back, back, back.
Cas laid on his back, propping himself up with his elbows. His hair looked even darker in the sun, if that was possible. He wore shorts and a green shirt and Dean thought it looked a bit too good on him.
"Distract me." Dean said at some point and it shocked Cas at first that he said something that wasn't 'Leave'. Then he was confused, almost overwhelmed.
Dean didn't give his father the opportunity to speak. He turned around, past his brother and ran up the stairs. Dean immediately went to his room, opened his window and sat on the roof, whereupon he lit a cigarette.
"But the next day, when you gave me that half-speech after school." Dean rolled his eyes as Cas reminded him of that cheezy fact again. Cas laughed briefly, and grabbed Dean's hand. "That's when I knew you were serious. And it was really cute."
What was wrong that his dad couldn't tell him on the phone? Was Sam ill? Did something happen to him? No, he had done something, right? John had said he didn't know what Sam had done. What was it for fucks sake?
In fact, they managed to keep playing normally for a few more rounds until Gabriel and Michael decided to go home. They had to catch a bus and Benny joined them. The three left the square, leaving Dean and Castiel alone.
Then they stayed there for a while. Cas stared at the ceiling, Sam took a blanket and covered himself. Sam asked if Cas was hungry, probably just to change the topic, but Cas said refused.
Dean wondered why, tried to find a normal explanation. Sam ate something wrong. Maybe he tried drugs for the first time or had a drink with his friends. Nothing you could be really mad at, something stupid. Dean wanted it to be something stupid.
"Someone's needy, I see." Dean opened his eyes and fuck, he had never seen Cas like this. He had a kind of hunger in his eyes and if Dean wasn't lying in front of him, he wouldn't believe he was looking at him like that. "Stay the way you are."
It was smaller compared to their old house in Lawrence. It was painted white, had a gray roof and large windows. It was ugly.
"I would never leave you. I wouldn't do this to you." Sam's voice broke while he said it and it hurt Dean. It broke his heart, but he needed to get himself together now.
Dean was sure that Cas was way too good for him. Cas took care of him, whether he wanted it or not. But if he left his pride behind and was honest, Dean wanted that. Someone who cares about him. Cas was careful, but maybe that's just what Dean needed.
. For a fraction of a second, Dean stared at his arm until he pushed it reflexively under the blanket.
He wanted to return to the place where the sun turned the sky orange. Where it smelled like cotton candy and hot chocolate.
It was at that moment that Dean really realized he was the new guy. He was far away from home, from the table where he usually had lunch. He was a stranger.
Oh shit. Dean realied that this was a situation he couldn't save himself from or talk himself out of it. Maybe he should just pass out again.
"I've also been very, very sad, Dean. I understand you, believe me. I know what people do to make them feel better. It's all sick, if we want to see it that way."
"I'd rather prepare you for a more difficult question." Cas explained and sat up. Dean raised his eyebrows and took a sharp breath.
For a moment, Dean seemed very suspicious of all this. As if it were a trap. But Castiel's complete expression spoke a different language. He just wanted to be the nice one. The one dude at every school who was nice to the new kid.
If Dean were in Lawrence, at home, he would have said something back a hundred times already. But Dean wasn't home, still felt like a stranger, and he was too tired to engage in a confrontation, so he just accepted being yelled at now at nine in the morning.
Shortly after that they went into the tent and fell asleep. It was a dreamless night, because Dean's deam laid next to him.
"We don't actually have to talk. I could just have been there, you understand?" Cas stressed and Dean fell silent.
"I don't know about you, but I've got time." Dean put his right foot on the table and rested his chin on his knee. Castiel laughed again and looked at Dean, whereupon Dean actually managed to give him a slight smile.
So they went outside together and hoped to not be seen by anyone. Cas hid behind cars the whole time and Dean laughed at him. Dean frowned as he looked around for a moment. He was outside, laughing. Lots of new things.
And for an eternity Dean just cried and clawed into Cas' arm until he finally stopped. Then he laid down and instructed Cas to lay next to him. Dean snuggled up to Cas. Cas held him tight and he fell asleep.
He helped to paint Sam's room, and both of them ended up painting each other more than the actual walls. Meanwhile, John built up the most necessary furniture, so they had a halfway furnished house before the first day of school and work.
Then he left the room again and left Dean alone, whereupon he laid down again. Dean didn't need anything, no coffee, no tea, no food. Simply disappearing would do him good now. Having nothing to do with the whole thing would do him really fucking good.
For a few seconds Dean had looked after him before turning to the house, which he hated so much. It was weird to come home alone, without Sammy being there. In Kansas they were alwaays together. At that time he had taken care of Sam and not the other way around. It had changed too fast.
They sat in silence next to each other. Dean wanted to say something, but he couldn't find the right words yet. It was all so damn fucked up. His whole family was just fucked up. It had been too good, apparently.
him." Sam emphasized and Dean swallowed hard, but skillfully avoided the look his little brother gave him. "And he likes you."
"Do you need something?" Dean asked and John shook his head. "Tell me when I can come over tomorrow."
Dean frowned. Dean knew how everything worked. But then it occurred to him that maybe Cas just wanted to prepare him. Maybe even protect him. That's why I started to nod.
They took the elevator to some floor. Dean didn't think it was important, so he didn't pay attention to which floor. They sat down on a bench and Dean frowned. In that moment he realized, that he wouldn't see Sam now. Maybe it was a thousand times worse than it looked like. What if-
Cas noticed it, of course he noticed. He stopped his movement in Dean's hair and sighed. It sounded almost sad and Dean hated it.
And then it was getting late. Sam fell asleep and it was quiet, just not in Dean's pretty little head.
He was shaking to hard and he was way to cold already and he didn't had the power to climb out of his window right now. It hurt too much, way too much.
"I know." Sam sounded tired and restet his head on the steering wheel. For a moment Dan was worried that it would honk, but it remained silent.
"Listen here, I am your big brother. I have a role to play." Sam rolled his eyes, but laughed. "But if I slip out of this role for a moment, maybe there's some poor girl out there who will hopelessly fall in love with you and-"
In the evening, when Dean was already in bed and just wanted to sleep, he texted with Cas. Cas just asked him if he was okay, Dean said he was. And after that, he had asked Cas if they wanted to go to school together the next morning. Although Dean was sure that at the end of the school day he would have no idea what he had done there, Sam would have gone too.
"Didn't plan to. I actually agree with you." Dean defended himself and stubbed out the cigarette. He put his arm around Cas and the boy sighed happily.
Actually, Dean wasn't even sure he wanted to know right now. He wanted to go home. To Lawrence and crawl into his bed there. He wanted hot chocolate, the way
"Thanks, Gabe." Dean said after a while and smiled at him. He smiled back and patted Dean's back a little too hard.
Sam didn't want to hurt himself, he would never do that. He would never leave Dean here. They wouldn't leave each other.
Dean stayed there forever with his cell phone in his hand. He just stared at the black screen. Maybe he was waiting for something, but nothing happened.
"Dean!" Cas tried to get him out of his aggressive trance somehow, but that just seemed impossible. Cas ran in until they both ended up in the living room, where John was standing, looking at Dean as confused as Cas was about an hour ago.
"I don't care. The main thing is that I get something normal to eat." Sam said while John walked into the living room. His eyes wandered to meet Dean's and his son just nodded.
They were nice, even had a dog for some time. Their grandchildren often visited them when they were younger. As they got older, they still took care of them, but once they all went off to college, they were pretty much on their own.
Actually, Dean would love to crawl back into the tent with Cas. There where they were safe from the whole fucking world.
And when he dropped Dean off at home after school, Dean just hugged him forever until Cas asked him what was going on. Dean started to laugh.
"Your grandparents are nice." Dean said after entering Cas' room again later that evening. Cas smiled gently and dropped onto his bed.
"And you take pills. Great dad, that's great, that's how I want to be!" It left Dean and he regretted it on spot. But he could't calm down, couldn't save the situation. The only thing he could do right now was adding fuel to the fire.
"My granddad used to go camping with me when I came here. I mean, after my mom kicked me out. He said he wanted me to get used to a life in nature."
Dean was here, with Cas, in his basement. Very, very far away from everything bad. And somehow that calmed him down, even if it was only for a second. The world kept turning, bad things were still happening, but right now, Dean was with Cas.
"Babe?" Cas asked quietly after closing the door. Quiet, he had to be quiet, because it had to be fucking loud in the older ones head. Cas knew it, it was disgusting. The worst feeling of all. Because nobody knows how loud it is, so nobody pays attention. He tried to be considerate.
Dean hasn't played this role too often in a while. He couldn't. It was stupid because he loved being a big brother. When Sammy was born, he was sure that he would protect this little creature (who was slowly getting bigger than him) forever. He had sworn to himself to always take care of Sam and put him first, but he couldn't anymore.
But is guess wasn't confirmed because about twenty minutes later Cas was standing in front of his bed. Dean had no idea if he didn't want to sit down or if he just didn't dare. He looked tired.
"I don't mind." Cas didn't seem to know exactly where to go with him, whereupon Dean simply ran into the living room and Cas followed him. Dean dropped onto the couch and noticed that the other boy looked at the few pictures that stood in the living room.
Dean sat down in the living room and waited until Cas texted him he was standing in front of the door. The house was quiet and Dean hoped that his dad and Sam were already asleep, instead of getting how he smuggled his boyfriend into the house.
After some time, Cas heard footsteps and saw Sam slowly padding into the living room. Very carefully. He had cried. At some point he sat next to Cas on the couch and they just sat there for a while.
Cas knew what Dean meant, just as he knew he didn't have to answer if he didn't want to. He could just say that he didn't want to talk about it, and then Dean would just have just laid down, pretending that I had never asked anything.
After a while Dean realized where he was and snuggled closer to Cas' chest, hoping he might fall asleep again.Cas was a late riser and Dean just had to accept that. Just as he had to accept that he wouldn't fall asleep again.
Dean remembered the smell in the hospital. That a young nurse had stiched his wound. Nobody had asked why or how, probably because they knew. Everyone just did their job and that was better that way, because Dean wouldn't have answered anyway.
"You're neither." We just sat there for a while and Dean didn't know if he held his hand or the other way around. Then he came to the conclusion that they held each other. Because maybe both of them, just needed a friend. A friend that was also kind of broken.
Dean didn't know if he was here because Cas wanted me to be safe or because he felt safe with Dean. It didn't matter. Nothing mattered right now.
"Mushrooms." He replied and Dean looked at him with wide eyes. He felt like he was completely sober again, starring at the (still) gross bag. "You in?"
"And what exactly would that be?" Dean asked and the guy just  got up. Dean looked at him with a frown.
Everything was okay. Something stupid happened, but actually everything is fine. Dean just wanted everything to be okay, that's all.
Dean's heart contracted. It hurt, but it wasn't a bad pain. And in Cas' eyes was so much and Dean had no idea what that all meant, but one thing was clear: He wanted to kiss Cas.
"What would you have done?" Dean asked after a while, out of pure curiosity. Everyone said they would help, but how would they do it?
Dean remembered his first cigarette. He had smoked it when he was sixteen with a buddy who had stolen it from his dad. Crowley, that little fucker. They'd shared it, too, and Dean liked it. Crowley not so much.
And for a while, they just sat there and at some point it was Cas who started to play with Dean's hand absently. They had the same coping mechanism, wasn't that great?
Nobody wanted to go out of their way to cook after the first day of reality. After school, Sam and Dean had holed up right in their rooms. Sam had played some video game, Dean had fallen asleep, exhausted from real life.
"I could have something there that could lift your spirits." He said at some point and from that moment on Dean started to listen. He turned his head to look at the stranger. He smiled at Dean mischivously.
"Pizza would be cool." Dean said after a while and John nodded, a slight, maybe even proud, smile on his lips.
"It's the best thing in the world." He chuckled and buried his face even more in Dean's shoulder. "Don't argue with me about it."
"We want to go to the sports field in the forest today or tomorrow, do you want to join us?" Castiel asked without looking at Dean.
It was gentle, short, innocent. When Cas pulled away, Dean just looked at him for a moment, realizing that this really happend. Dean slowly put his hand on Cas neck and rejoined their lips. Cas put his hand on my Dean's back and pulled him closer.
Dean took one out of the pack. He thought about whether he should smoke one or not. In the end, he decided to do so. He always decided to do so.
Dean and Cas were sitting in a field slightly higher than the sports field. A tent was set up next to them. It was really like Cas had said, the few was absolutely beautiful. It was dawning, the lanterns down there were already on, you could see the lights in the houses. Everything was so far way.
"Come on." He winked briefly and Dean thought for a moment that he was blushing. "But you certainly had someone."
"Let's be creative, new chapter, we are writing." Sam started and Dean rolled his eyes. "No, come on! I will start."
As they passed Dean's room, he stopped abruptly. His father had certainly been there and... cleaned up. The simple thought of that made Dean sick. Dean didn't want to, but he needed to know. He slowly opened his door and thus found out that he was right. He couldn't imagine how his dad had coped.
Cas was with Dean all the time. He also didn't allow Dean to cut himself off and get back into the same situation where he just laid in bed and didn't want to see or hear anyone. Where he was just in pain, where it got so bad that he just got numb or couldn't move at all. Dean didn'T want to go back either.
"You should get some rest." The nurse said softly after she finished. She felt sorry, Dean could tell. She didn't mean that he should go to sleep.
"I hear you upstairs just as well. So I can also stand in the front row." he said ironically, but also annoyed. Dean couldn't turn around and look at him. He started at the floor and his hands found the way to my hair. He ran through them once until he took a deep breath and took a step towards his father.
Maybe they could just overplay it and pretend it didn't happen. Maybe they could pretend that John has always hidden his pills. As if he wouldn't worry about his kids all the time. As if they were okay.
For him it felt as if Cas was just sitting here with him. Maybe waiting for him to feel better. It didn't feel like Cas had an expectations of Dean. Dean had the feeling that Cas was the only one who expected absolutely nothing from him. Cas knew that something was wrong with him and yet he expected nothing in this one moment.
Dean wanted to tell him that it was okay. He didn't even know what was going on exactly, but he knew that it was okay. It had to be.
"I was fourteen." Dean answered and cleared his throat, tried to lay more comfortable in the bed. He just now realized how stiff he actually was.
"Why do you tell dad that you don't talk to people? I saw you sitting with these guys today." Sam asked. It was justified question.
So Dean got up, put his plastic cup on the table and went after the blonde stranger. They ran up a flight of stairs, walked through some door, and arrived in a bathroom.
Sam made the first move and hugged Dean from the side. Dean leaned into it. He wanted to promise Sam, that this would never happen, but he couldn't speak. After a while, it occurred to him that Sam probably didn't want to hear anything at all.
At that moment Castiel just wholeheartendly hoped that someday he would be better, because this picture, the whole situation was about to break his fucking heart.
From that moment on, Dean felt like everything was going to be okay. As if everything was just as it should be. The good and the bad things.
"It was a school day that was as normal as any other school day before. I searched for her all over the house. She had to be there because her car was in the driveway. She didn't nap on the couch or the bed. There was no food in the kitchen like always. Her phone was lying on the dresser."
"Apparently it was. Fuck, I knew she didn't think much of gays, but I thought she could somehow forget that for me. I thought, this mother child love works differently. That she would love me more than anything else, but apparently that was too much to ask for." Cas talked, moving his hands around. He stopped for a moment and Dean wanted to say something, but he couldn't think of anything. "I told her and she first hoped it was a joke and when she realized that it wasn't a joke, she just screamed at me. I don't even remember what she said. I know that I tried to 'defend' myself, what the fuck. Then she said I should leave before I haven't recovered."
"Concentrate on something else, the woman up front doesn't matter." Castiel said and Dean's brain was rejecting the thought of looking at him, but he did anyway.
"I've only lived here for three years, before that I lived in the middle of the city. It's not that far from here, it doesn't matter. I live with my dad's parents, my dad is in Europe, has a company that has something to do with technique, not my cup of tea, but he comes on the holidays." Cas said fast, while he looked anywhere, but Dean's eyes.
"You still manage." Dean muttered, and at that moment he really just wanted to hide under his blanket and never come out. He didn't want to talk, he didn't want to, he didn't want to.
It was funny, wasn't it? That you had almost no choice but to think only of yourself. Was the human brain even created to include others? Or did they just expect too much of everyone, of humanity?
"Cool." Sam said and for a moment they looked at each other. Sam looked tired and had a few chip crumbs on his shirt. Dean looked just tired.
Dean looked into the sky. The forest wasn't overgrown, as you could still see the sky perfectly. There was not a cloud to be seen, only clear blue. A squirrel jumped from one tree to another, causing the leaves of the treetops to rustle before it became completely still again. Birds sang farther away, but Dean blanked them out. A hazelnut landed a few feet away from Dean.
"You should eat something."Sam said instead and Dean swallowed hard. Dean leaned his head back until he met the wall and just breathed for a few moments. It still hurt, but it was bearable. Not as bad a it was tonight.
Honestly, Dean wasn't sure if he was mad at his father. Dean didn't want a fucking fresh start. He saw no reason for one. He wasn't ready.
Dean was so fucked up. So fucked up and still had so much luck. Dean was wondering when all of this would crash.
Maybe that was a good thing, because most dreams were nightmares anyway. He had no idea when he last had a good dream. Or a morning when he hadn't woken up drenched in sweat. It didn't matter if he dreamed or not, he always woke up like that.
"You're new here, right?" The stranger ask but Dean didn't answer, just looked at him, hoping he could stare him away. "Some girls talked about this new guy."
"You're there, right?" Dean asked with a cheeky grin and kissed him briefly. Cas sighed lightly, but then nodded.
After they got home, they both went into the garden. Dean had never been in this garden. He just saw how his dad had walked right there and didn't want to leave him alone right away. John sat down on the bench he set up there and Dean sat next to him.
When Dean got home, Sam was already there to cook something. The older brother hated that sight. Not because Sam couldn't cook, he was actually quite good, but because someone else was supposed to be in the there. Someone else should have greeted him.
After three days, Sam texted. He probably had his number from Dean's phone. He asked if Cas could come over to kind of take look after him. He and John would have to go somewhere and he didn't want Dean to be alone in the house.
While there were a bunch of people in the house, Dean sat down on the sidewalk and stared at the street. For some reason it stopped smelling like hot chocolate or cotton candy. It smelled like cold and dust.
"What's wrong?" Dean asked and suddenly it started to feel like a tunnel again. He didn't feel like himself, more like someone else was doing the talking for him. "Dad?"
"I don't have a bike." Dean said confused. It felt like my brain was turning off and looked at the floor.
"I'm sorry." he started and John frowned for a moment. "I'm sorry that I'm probably the worst son you could ever wish for. That I'm so fucking exhausting and don't even try to deal with you and your bullshit. And no, I'm don't feel better after the stunt."
"What's going on? Are you okay?" Dean asked confused and Sam nodded. Dean saw the chips bag Sam had with him. He frowned at first before he started to smile.
Birds were flying from one tree to another. Going home, perhaps. For a second, Dean got lost in them. He got lost in the sky that was turning a muted blue, in the moon that was half full.
Sam eventually disappeared, expecting Dean to go to bed as well. Dean wanted to, he wanted this stupid day to fucking end. He laid there, staring at the ceiling. His thoughts ran again in all possible directions.
"Dean, please, don't do that to yourself." John said and Dean sat up, ready to protest, but he was so fucking tired. And he felt sorry for his father. And for Sam, because he was here in this creepy hospital and he would wake up and only their dad would be here.
Dean had the ball, Gabriel wanted to take it from him and Dean fell down. Gabriel stumbled a few times until he also went down, which is why Dean only had to share the attention. To be honest, he was more than happy about it because his sleeve had slipped up slightly due to the fall. Dean managed to notice this early enough and quickly pulled the sleeve back down before anyone could see what was underneath.
Dean knew that Sam knew. Sam had probably noticed that something was wrong. Maybe he had already noticed it during the night, Dean didn't remember. It didn't matter anyway, Sam had questioned their father until he knew what had happened.
He wanted it that way. Cas was great, probably one of the best people he has ever met. He was kind, but not superficial kind, but really, really kind. He took care of his friends, he had a smile that could save the whole world, he didn't judge. Dean couldn't imagine that it could be different. That he could be angry, shout at someone.
Dean slept on the couch, Cas on the bed. For a few moments Dean thought about how it would be to lay in his bed together. He was crushing hard on Cas and he didn't even try to deny it or delete this thought.
"Okay, cool. No problem. Maybe another time." Castiel said nicely and disappeared when Dean showed no reaction. Maybe tomorrow would be diffrent.
"You're rambling." Dean laughed and propped himself up with his elbow, whereupon he could look Cas in the face. "But yes, it's a bit weird. But good weird, right?"
Quickly, Dean let the towels disappear and cleaned the sink. He pulled down the sleeves of his shirt and tried to leave the bathroom as quietly and unobtrusively as possible.
"I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that." Dean muttered an apology. Sam put his hand on Dean's shoulder and squeezed gently. "I want to go home."
His dad was nice, smiled at Dean and just asked him about school and some future plans. It was clear to Dean that Cas had prepared him for the questions he was okay to ask, and which not.
"I just want to help you, Dean. Why are you so against it?" his father asked desperately and Dean realized how he became increasingly aggressive. As if it was burning and the fire would come towards him and there was no way out, no point that didn't glow. He could feel the heat.
Dean resisted looking up, but when he did, it was to check on Sam. However, it was now Sam who was looking at him. He frowned, looking worried, but Dean just smiled gently at him and bit into his apple.
Sam, his little brother, wandered out of the house and Dean turned away. He was just fourteen but even Dean knew that Sam acted more like an adult. He grew up too fast. They loved each other, Sam and Dean. They were like those siblings from the movies nobody believed in. Like a fairytale that everyone doubted. But like every fairy tale, there is a real core somewhere. And this real core was them. They spent a lot of time together and never had a huge fight. Dean was ready to give him everything he had and his presence in this shithole, somewhere in Iowa, proofed that.
He walked down the stairs and heard Cas' grandma working around in the kitchen. His grandfather was always wandering in the morning with his pensioner friends. Maybe him and Cas would become like that too, when they were older.
"I know." Cas mumbled and let himself sink into the couch. Dean had told him that he used to smoke a lot of weed back in Kansas, apparently even before his mom died. It didn't make it better though. It was raining outside. "He just went here. After he shouted at me. He just went here."
They looked down the street. It wasn't late yet, but it was already pitch dark. In the sky you could already see many stars and they were so unusually bright. Dean couldn't take his eyes off them. Maybe he waited for a sign, anything.
"What?" He asked confused and Dean took a shaky breath. Of course it was shaking, this was a confrontation Dean hated. It was akward, almost mean.
When it came to New Year's Eve, Dean spent it at home. Sam and Dean were sitting on their roof with a blanket and waited for the people around them to blow up some of the rockets. When it was finally time, they just watched the event. The sky turned into blue, into red, into gold.
"What?" It immediately bursted out of Dean. He didn't know if he wanted to know why. His father didn't answer as if he was waiting for another reaction. "Dad, why? What's going on? What hospital?"
"Kinda." Dean nodded and turned his eyes away from the sky. Sam kept looking at it. He scrunched his nose.
"Cas said he didn't want to wake you up. Do you want to eat something?" she asked softly. Dean didn't worry too much about why she didn't ask why he wasn't in school. Cas had probably explained it to her somehow. It also didn't bother Dean that he was sort of alone in Cas' house right now.
A few minutes later they were in Cas' basement and Dean punched the shit out of his punching bag. The first few times were weak, but then he really got going and now he was just thinking about everything that was going wrong right now.
"Shut up, you idiot." Dean grinned and took his boyfriend's hand off his shoulder but didn't let go. His hand was warm and Dean thought it would be nice to hold something.
For some time it was quiet. Dean just looked at his father, wondering if he would tell him or not. For a moment, Dean got mad because of course he knew it wasn't just that. His father should know that Dean knew. But then Dean realized why his father probably didn't tell him more. He couldn't be mad at that.
The teacher asked for the homework and suddenly Dean remembered that he was pretty fucked. He forgot that his mere presence wasn't enough and people actually expected something from him. Something he couldn't give them, not today.
They had lived there all their lives and now it was gone. They left everything behind and fuck, Dean really missed that one corner in that one McDonalds. He was sure McDonalds in Iowa was shit. Iowa in general was shit.
"But that's good." Dean replied, trying to avoid the inevitable question. He kept talking in the hope that his father might forget why he had come to him in the first place. "He really needs it and he also said the last one helped, so why not continue? And besides-"
He sat down at the table with the full plate and started to eat. Dean watched her turn the pancakes in the pan and it reminded him of how he had tried then and always failed miserably.
John looked okay too. He distracted himself with work in the house and Dean didn't know what he would do if he had finshed everything. Maybe he'll buy a new house then. Dean's room still looked the same as the first day. Unfinished. White. Empty.
"I'm sorry, Sammy. Please, don't be mad at me, please, I don't-" Dean started begging, but his little brother interrupted me, pulling him into his arms. Sam hugged him close, but Dean couldn't move.
"Maybe." Cas frowned and Dean noticed that Cas hadn't even looked at him for the whole conversation.
On sunday evening Sam and Dean met on the roof. It was their secret little place, their safe bubble. They wondered if John suspected that they were sitting on the roof and staring at the sky, while it turned dark. That sometimes they waited together for a shooting star that never came.
At that moment, Dean didn't know what he felt. Part of Dean wanted to tell him everything, like he didn't care if he knew or not. He already knew this part of Dean, this story would certainly not surprise him. But another part just wanted to kick Castiel out. Preferably completely out of his life and not just out of this house.
"You too." Dean mumbled and felt that familiar lump in his throat again. "I don't know what to say."
Faster than Dean could think, Cas stood right in front of him and put his lips on his. Dean was surprised, but not against it. His hands were on Dean's hips, whereupon Dean laid his slowly on Cas shoulder.
Dean closed his eyes, trying to get used to it. Cas was careful and when Dean opened his eyes again, he actually had to laugh slightly.
Sam came up to him and hugged him slowly, as if he didn't want to scare his big brother. Dean also put his arm around him. Dean realized he had no idea who was holding who at the moment.
Christmas at home was weird for Dean. Officially, there were no gifts, John just couldn't. Instead, Dean and Sam met on the first day of Christmas and Dean gave Sam a chocolate bar, so he they wouldn't have to steal one for this night. Sam gave Dean new headphones, so he wouldn't buy some for three dollars in some cheap store.
At some point Dean decided to go upstairs just to have some alone time. There were too many people downstairs. Too many loud and drunk teenager. He ran up the stairs, which took a thousand times longer than it normally would. Afterwards he strolled through the hallway, which seemed never ending to him. He couldn't walked a straight line, kept grazing the wall on the right and left.
And finally, Dean was the one who held him tight. The whole time he had taken care of Dean, that the role change was really welcome right now.
Sam looked at Dean with glassy eyes and in that moment they both realized how fucking alike they were. They really understood each other. Sam took an overdose. Dean had scarred arms. And both of that happened because of the same reason.
Castiel has seen his boyfriend mad before, but never angry and so aggressive. Honestly, he has never really been mad at Cas, always other people or circumstances around him.
"I don't, just a thoguht." Cas said calmly and Dean just stared at him. He took his hand off my shoulder and met Dean's eyes for a brief moment.
"What works for you then?" John asked, and Dean was so close to saying that nothing would help him. There was nothing in the world that would help him. Dean gave up months ago. But he couldn't tell his dad, right?
It was sick,  wasn't it? Of course, Dean did know that it wasn't normal, but somehow, only now he realized that
Actually Dean didn't think much of it, in fact he didn't feel like it, but Cas' grandparents were nice. Very nice, in fact. They didn't ask any questions, maybe they didn't care.
Cas and the boys had planned to actual study together. He had asked Dean to join them, but he had refused because Dean just wanted to be at home.
"I know." And then he looked at Dean and he wasn't mad or anything, he was just sad. And Dean hated it because he was the reason. He stroked Dean's hair again until he put his hand on his own chest.
"You're good for each other." Gabe mentioned and Dean shrugged. Dean still didn't believe I could do Cas any good. "You look better than when you first came here."
Maybe because it reminded him of his home. It always smelled like hot chocolate. The entire street, not only their house.
And Dean realized that the stars had seen him when he was okay. He would have liked to ask them how he was back then, because he didn't really remember it. Maybe they could have told him where I failed.
"The people were weird." Sam admited after he was sure that their father couldn't hear them. "Towards me."
"That's good." Dean said and Cas nodded in agreement. Dean was glad he never really had a problem with that.
"One pill?" Dean asked after a while, turned around, hoping his father would nod. But he didn't do anything. Before Dean could decide whether he wanted to continue his train of thought or not, he already had the result.
"I love you." Cas said so softly, almost like an angel, and at that moment Dean was fully convinced that he was one. Dean still couldn't say anything, still mesmerized by Castiel, so he simply nodded.
"For a moment, yeah." Dean said and he nodded, while Cas began to rip grass out of the earth. "What do you do if it is to loud?"
Cas just looked at him and Dean knew he was trying to put that sentence somewhere in order to understand what he wanted to say. To understand Dean.
That's how beautiful stories start, right? With a good environment, something positive. Quiet summer nights, in which it felt like you were one with everything around you. As if everything made sense for a moment. Like you belong right here, in the place you are right now. As if your life felt like a warm embrace.
He clenched his jar. Dean sometimes thought he was good at hiding it. Most of the time he hoped, it wouldn't be important. Dean didn't fight against it, his dad knew it anyway. At the end John would want to see Dean's arms and he wasn't ready to show this mess to anyone voluntarily.
"Yeah, I don't know. Somehow I have the feeling that something broke. Not my relationship with her or anything, I mean something... inside of me." Cas said.
"What was going on?" he asked it as carefully as possible, because he didn't want to make Castiel feel like he needed to tell him anything. Cas looked at him, then at the floor. He ran his fingers through his dark hair, then he started playing with his fingers.
"Oh, fuck off!" Dean said annoyed and closed his eyes. Sam frowned in confusion and turned away. Dean just wanted him to leave. He held his breath and knew that he had hurt Sam. His brother was so sensitive and Dean knew it, so he took advantage of it. Dean couldn't help it and he couldn't watch Sam as well. His eyes were still closed but he, saw Sammy's glassy eyes right in front of him. Sam slammed the door and Dean released a breath he didn't know he was holding.
Dean hadn't noticed how Cas got up. Dean hadn't noticed how Cas approached him and united their lips. Cas gently took Dean's face in his hands.
He knocked lightly and opened the door, after waiting for an answer long enough. It was darkened, but rays of the sun still found their way in. Dean was lying in bed, under his blanket, facing the wall. Cas could see his outlines.
Dean just looked at him with his dark, sad eyes and it broke Cas' fucking heart. Cas wanted nothing more but for Dean to talk to him. But what else wa there to talk about? Even if, what could Cas say to make it better?
Somehow Dean wanted to show him that he would like to be alone with him. Of course his father already knew that, which is why he announced that he would get a coffee.
"How do I know you like her?" Dean asked the counter question and Sam frowned. "The way you both stare and smile at each other."
"Yes, me too." Cas muttered. "But I got my shit back together, that's the most important thing. I'm not an asshole anymore, I didn't fail school, my grandparents live quietly again. Oh, and I have a great boyfriend."
Dean would freak out, go crazy, and all because of him. Because he wanted Cas too much, more than anything else in this world. Could he wish for anything, no matter what, it would be him.
But just at the moment when Dean first broached this thought, Cas pulled him closer and he relaxed again.
"Calm down, no stress before you know what's going on." Cas tried to calm him down. "I know the hospital sounds bad, but it's probably okay."
"One year. Well, one and a half if you include that back and forth thing in the beginning." Cas told. "We broke up six months ago, but I don't know. Somehow I expected it would affect me more."
And yes, it was fucking disgusting. It tasted like shit and the consistency was gross too. Actually, Dean was really close to vomit, but that wouldn't fulfill the purpose.
"I dont know." Dean mumbled and looked up. His vision was blurry and he immediately tried to swallow the lump in his throat. "Sam is in the hospital. I don't know why. I have to go there. I don't know where it is, do you know where-" Dean babbled without taking a breath.
"Are you okay?" Cas asked again, now in person, and Dean just looked at the floor for a while. He felt as if he could see the question in front of him, but there were no possible answers.
"I worked outside when Sam came home from school." His father started and Dean closed his eyes. "I went in later and he came down the stairs. He was quiet and wanted to go out. He put on his shoes, but I could tell something was wrong. I think he didn't realize that I was there, watching him. When he looked up and saw me, he just stared at me and then he passed out."
"Morning." Dean mumbled back and wanted to lean on something when reality hit him in the face. He was naked, in Cas' bed.
It almost broke Dean's heart that Castiel tried so hard. Dean wondered how anyone could care so much about a stranger. This dude was definitely a guy who had to take care of everything and everyone. As if he had some kind of helper syndrome and he would burst if Dean wouldn't agree. Castiel almost begged Dean with his eyes.
"I just don't understand how she hated me so much. From this one moment, just because I'm gay. I don't understand how quickly feelings can change, you know what I mean?"
Sam started talking, probably because he couldn't stand the oppressive atmosphere. He started talking about his first day at school, while Dean was completely absent mentally and tried to choke down a piece.
"Yeah, maybe your dad is right." Cas said a little annoyed and Dean clenched his teeth and tried to take a deep breath. "I'm worried about you." Cas said more serious again.
And maybe, just maybe, he was too tired. Tired of running away from this conversation, that slowely turned into a confrontation. Dean felt attacked.
"Maybe you just didn't match well with him. I read that many had to try several therapies to find the right one. It depends a lot on the therapist."
"I took your backpack, you forgot it earlier." Castiel explained and there was a pause. Castiel took Dean's backpack out of a corner and held it out to him.
Dean was sure that their father knew what game they were playing. They were obvious. Of course they were, they were kids.
"We don't like to talk about that, do we?" Cas said with a sad smile and Dean swallowed hard. "But I can talk about it with you. And you can talk to me about it. I can come with you if you want." He drew small circles onto Dean's leg with his finger.
A few days later, he was sitting in his room, while he felt like the monster was literally one inch away from him. And he decided to keep his promise this time.
Cas had given Dean his number after he dropped him off at his house. He had told Dean that a couple of years ago an elderly couple had lived here, but now is housed in the retirement home. Nursing case, he had said.
That was new. Dean closed his eyes for a few seconds, touched because his father was trying too hard. Dean was so against it and fought it. John tried new methods, new weapons, but Dean evaded each one.
Everything went normal. No one asked stupid questions. Castiel had apparently told the boys that Dean had simply been sick. So Dean just told everyone now that he felt better, thanks for asking. Cas hadn't said a word about what was really going on.
And then John came into the picture. John was tired, sad and mad at the same time. Actually, Dean thought that John would finally snap. He did, just a little.
"Nothing, actually. The times where shit was going on are pretty much over." He laughed briefly, but Dean knew that this pretty, littke laugh was only there to hide something.
Dean remembered the blue lights, how sorry they were even if they didn't had anything to do with it. Mary was gone before they arrived, probabaly for a few hours already.
"I don't do it anymore." Dean lied while shaking his head. He didn't want to talk about it. It was sick, it was insane and not a conversation topic. It was something he did at two in the morning. Something he did for himself, others weren't supposed to know.
For a long time Dean stood rooted in the door frame and stared into his clean room. His bedsheets were new, the wooden floor was almost shiny. His window was open. As if nothing had ever happened.
It was midsummer, so very warm. The sun was shining mercilessly on the world and Dean was certain that it had the plan to kill him. Him against the sun. That fucking star hated him. Dean felt like he was bur- He shook his head, took a breath.
It was a stupid idea to distract him like that, but Cas was confused and didn't know what else to do. Also he used to be like that too, but unlike Dean, it had worked for him. Nothing seemed to work for Dean. Even after a few minutes, he wasn't hard, which otherwise happened relatively quickly.
"Do you need anything?" his friend asked and Dean shook his head slightly, watching Cas as he sat on his bed. Dean took a deep breath and set his backpack down on the floor, whereupon he sat down next to Cas.
"Thank you, again." Dean broke the silence, because he couldn't stand it anymore. Cas instantly knew what he meant because he smiled gently at Dean.
"Okay." Dean agreed after a while and Sam smiled very slightly. When his brother tried to get up, Dean grabbed him by his elbow as if it were his essence to life. Sam fronwed at first, but then looked at Dean wide-eyed, probably not expecting the reaction any more than the other did.
He had to try hard to get up. Not because he physically couldn't, but because he didn't know if his brain would pass the stimulus to his legs.
John wasn't really angry with his son and Dean was grateful to him for it. Sammy didn't say anything about it. Even weeks later, he had never picked up on the subject. Sam just hugged his brother when he got out of the hospital and after that the topic was done.
"I don't. I mean, I don't want to tell anyone. I'll never want it, but I should. I should tell anyone and who else, if not you. If I wanted to tell someone, it would be you."
Dean had been in the hospital for exactly one day. In the evening he felt so good that he could eat something and Cas even had to pull a candy bar out of the machine because Dean really wanted something sweet. Unfortunately Cas had to go in the evening.
There would be nobody who could say or do the right thing. No therapy that would make Dean forget what he had seen. What he had felt. No one would ever be able to comprehend how lost and lonely Dean felt every fucking day.
"Cas." Dean answered and looked up into the nightsky. It was already getting cooler, the wind was stronger than the nights before.
"I'm trying." Dean mumbled. "I don't do it as often as before, if that helps, but sometimes-" Dean realized that it was easier to talk when you didn't have to look at each other.
Dean realized how unreal everything was in that moment. A few weeks ago Dean felt like he would hate it here. That he would hate everyone and everything. That nothing would ever become normal again.
"Because I understand it." he said after a while and Dean swallowed. "I was like that too some time ago."
"Okay, I have to get rid of this now." Dean started. "I really want this, and I don't want to mess it up. I'm really fucked up and I know that. I think everyone knows that. I mean, you can ask my dad, but I think you know that on your own. And I don't know if I'm going to be normal someday, I can't promise or give you anything, absolutely nothing. But if I know one it's that I'll do anything to make this work-"
Cas smiled gently at Dean and he sighed. Dean realized that he had never been in the living room for so long. It was funny when no one else was home. Suddenly you discover that the house has more rooms than a bedroom and the bathroom.
Sam hadn't asked him on the way home. Dean had asked him how his first day of high school was and Sam was so busy with himself that he probably forgot about Dean completely. Honestly, Dean was happy about that. Sam was thinking too much about Dean that it actually relieved him that his little brother was completely preoccupied with himself for a moment. Sam talked and talked and Dean listened.
The house was quiet when he entered it. Dean looked toward the patio door and could see his father working in the garden. For a second he thought about helping him, whatever he did there, but something was holding Dean back. That's why he just knocked briefly on the glass, whereupon his father turned around and gave him a short wave.
Dean swallowed hard and looked at Sam. Then he slightly smiled at him, until he realized that he was doing something horrible and he couldn't stop it. He gave his brother some sort of hope and he didn't know if he could fulfill his wishes.
Dean took his hand off Sam's shoulder and looked up at the sky. Dark blue, almost black, with small white dots.
After Dean said it, he was sorry, but he didn't show it. Not really. He just slumped down again, while he saw John swallow hard and look at him coldly. Dean sometimes just waited for the moment until his father would finally snap.
He just really didn't want to go to the new house. He didn't want to see it, didn't want to help carry the ugly boxes in and fuck, if he was honest he actually didn't want anything. All his life, he wouldn't even have dreamed of moving with his family and certainly not to another state!
"Can I make a suggestion?" Cas asked carefully and Dean just nodded. Cas' hand was still on his knee and Dean was staring at it. He hoped he wouldn't take it away. Dean didn't know that physical contact could help him so much.
"You're better off without being an asshole." Castiel said after they were silent for a long time and walked past me. Dean swallowed hard and looked down at the floor. Then he cleared his throat quietly.
Cas released smoke from his lungs and looked at Dean. Maybe they were closer than Dean thought at first. Physically and emotionally.
"Sam, go back to your room." John ordered and now Dean also heard how tired he was. Dean's head hurt and he felt the adrenaline disappear from his circulation and he calmed down.
"What's her name, buddy?" Dean asked and he could see that Sam turned a little red. He saw the way his eyes lighted up and he couldn't help but smile. His brother had his first real crush.
After the boys said goodbye and Dean entered the house, he already began to miss him. That was so cheesy, and Dean knew it, but that's the way it was.
"Shut up!" Dean slapped him on the shoulder and buried his face in the pillow. Dean heard his laugh and even though he didn't see Cas' face, he knew exactly what it looked like.
In the last two weeks, Dean had sometimes sat with him and his friends, but he had also declined him equally often. Dean even believed that he was quite harsh sometimes, but at this moment he couldn't care. Right now he was way too tired to be mean or play the asshole.
It was John, so of course Dean picked it up. The only thing that was on his mind was that he probably just wanted to know if he was okay, because he wasn't home yet. Fair question considering that Dean hasn't really been outside in ages. His father probably wanted to know if he should make dinner for Dean too, or if he would stay out longer.
Dean didn't answer. Mostly because he didn't care, because there were thousands of other reasons why he could get a special treatment. The thing was, Dean didn't want special treatment.
He took a deep breath and remembered the previous evening. It felt so warm in his memory. Like a small campfire which was ignited in the cold of his thoughts.
At first the question annoyed Dean, because he heard it a thousand times and people don't actually care. Mostly these people just wanted Dean to think about it so he realized how fucking crazy he was and felt even worse. But Cas was diffrent. Dean realized that he really cared. He tried to understand it. Cas didn't label him, he didn't form his own opinion, he really wanted to know
"I am gonna tell you something now and I need you to stay calm." John said and Dean got up to walk a few feet away. The boys just kept talking, ignoring Dean.
"Do your parents know?" Castiel asked softly and Dean swallowed hard and was silent for a few seconds.
"You just don't want to tell anything." Cas said and dropped onto the couch as well. "What's his name? Sammy?"
"Dean." his father sighed and Dean knew that this topic went into the second round. "You can't go on like this, you can't run away from people and new situations all the time."
Cas put his arms around Dean and hugged him tighter. Dean was a bit taller than him, but right now he felt so fucking small. Dean buried his head in Cas' neck and for a while they just stood there.
"I'm Castiel, by the way." he introduced himself. He really fuccking tried and Dean wondered why. The guy had friends, he didn't need Dean, and Dean needed him even less. He tried to ignore the guys a few tables away who were looking over at them.
"Because I-" Dean started somehow and for a moment he wondered if he should try to explain. Whether he should try to explain to a foreign boy how broken and desperate you had to be to think that was the solution. Dean tried to put it into words.
"And... the other thing?" he asked a little scared. Dean let the smoke get out of his lungs and began to shake his head. He took a drag of his cigarette. "Can you stop?"
Dean noticed how people tried to be nice by smiling at him briefly, but he had no real need to make friends, so he didn't return a smile. Everyone knew each other and probably had their groups, so he decided to make his own. Dean was the only member.
That was the best Cas could think of. What else could he have said? Should he have just left? He didn't want to, and something inside him knew that Dean didn't really want him to either.
Had he removed the stone or was the pile simply losing balance? It felt like thousands of small items were boring into him. It was as if shards of glass were piercing every inch of his body. Dean could feel his brain burn. As if every nerve, every single cell was on fire. His body didn't know what to do anymore, to make it stop.
That's why they jsut sat there, on the roof, somewhere in Iowa. They said nothing for a while, looking at the stars.
"What's going on?" Cas asked, scared and if Dean wouldn't be so fucking high and angry, he would have been so fucking sorry.
"Maybe you are friends?" Sam challenged him and Dean just rolled his eyes, but couldn't help smiling.
"No, you should have done it in the first place." Mrs Hanscum insisted and Dean tried really hard not to roll his eyes.
"It's always either too loud or too quiet, too much or too little, sometimes it's so much that it's way too much and I feel like my brain is overloaded. Like it will explode or I will die, because it is just too much to function."
With a few gestures Cas had told Dean where he lived. Two streets above, left side of the street, next to the orange painted house. If he just wanted to come by one day. Cas had smiled softly before turning and walking down the street.
Dean hoped, no seriously thought, that they would go in and Sam would sit in a room and explain to Dean right away what was actually going on.
When Dean woke up and Cas was about to get up, he hugged him closer and said a simple word that at that moment meant so much:
An hour later they made pancakes. Cas wasn't as good as his grandma, but Dean could live with it. And only when Dean snuggled up behind him he noticed the scars on Castiel's back and shoulder. There weren't many and you couldn't see them immediately, but Deam saw them.
Then Dean frowned and took his bowl of cereal again. Was it the first time that he just sat in the living room?
"I can see that when you win against him in Mario Kart." Dean tried to laugh and Sam grinned proudly. Dean knew that Cas always let Sam win. He was pretty sure Sam new as well.
The room had already darkened a lot and Dean was grateful to Cas, because he didn't turn on the lights. Dean would see him through the glass and it would make everything more unbearable.
Cas ran his hand through his dark hair and just stared at Dean, who was still lying unconsciously on the floor.
And Dean realied that this could be every morning. Every morning of his pathatic life and he found hope in this thought.
He had been so afraid to leave their old house. With all his strength he had clung to pieces of furniture and holy shit, did he cry. Dean remembered screaming, but he can't recall what he, or anyone else, said. John tried it first, but in the end it was Sam who got him into the car.
"How is your arm?" Cas asked carefully as they sat on the grass of the sports field. It was green and slightly damp. Cas lay on his back while Dean sat cross legged next to him.
If something would happen to Sam, Dean didn't know what he would do. He'd get even crazier than I already was. Life without his brother wasn't a life. It wasn't even a life now. Sam was literally his best friend right now.
Drop after drop, fell to the ground. Dean heard them, saw how they lightly splashed. His legs had small drops on them. It smelled like death, like war.
Nobody noticed. Nobody saw it and, fuck, people could be blind. Why were people so blind? They just didn't want to see it, right? Was it so unimportant? Of course Dean was glad that no one noticed him and what was wrong with him, but at the same time he wondered why. Nobody knew who Dean was, what he did last night. But to be fair, neither did he know anything about the others.
At lunch break, his assumption were confirmed: the whole cafeteria was full of groups. He could even subdivide them, just like you could subdivide them at any school: the athletes, the nerds, the cheerleader, the girls and the gamers.
What if he messes up this school year again? What if he can't find friends? Does he even want friends? What if he stay alone forever? Now it's okay and what he want, but forever? Did Sammy lie when he said his day was good? Maybe the people he met were nice, but what if he was still not well? What if all of this will never be okay?
Sure, it hurt like hell, but Cas wouldn't leave Dean alone. He wouldn't just leave him to the horrible pain. At that moment, Dean realized that not the place here was his safe bubble.
Cas rested his head on Dean's shoulder and closed his eyes. Dean let him, he enjoyed it. As if Cas, his pure presence, would ensure that the campfire in Dean didn't go out.
"Fine. It was fine. Nothing special, didn't talk to anyone. But they seemed nice." Dean replied quickly and John nodded. He was probably just happy to have received an answer.
Cas was afraid that Dean would exclude him now. At the same time, Cas didn't know how to prevent this.
He felt so incredibly alone at this moment. Because he knew that no one understood it, no matter how much they would try. And this, the realisation, that he was truely alone with his thoughts and past, made him the loneliest person in this world.
"It's always better to sleep next to someone you love." she laughed lightly and Dean took a sip of the cup.
Dean wondered if he was really that lucky. Cas was special, just perfect and Dean was just himself and broken. And yet Dean was here with Castiel fucking Novak.
"My dad is there. He didn't want me to stay there and at the same time he didn't want me to stay home alone, because I am fucking crazy. Sam is there getting his stomach pumped out and I'm sitting here. Once I'm the halfway normal one." Dean laughed bitterly and ran his fingers through his hair.
"Thank you." Sam whisped, whereupon Cas frowned and looked at him, but Sam looked so fucking sad that his fucking heart broke too. But somehow Cas could cling to the hope that things would get better at some point. It had to get better.
His father had every right to be mad at him. Dean knew that. He was stubborn and maybe even selfish if he was honest with himself.
Sam had made them hot chocolate, with the little marshmallows. Dean hadn't drunk it in forever. It didn't taste the same as at home.
Part of him was seriously thinking about just waiting here. His father wouldn't see him, he wouldn't have to annoy anyone with his presence.
He felt the bed give way as John sat down with him. He felt directly how all the tension rose in his room. It was too much for him, he could no longer bear even the smallest stress level. He just wanted some rest. Dean could have cried on the spot, because he was broken and he knew it, but he held it together.
Dean couldn't sleep for a long time, so he just listened to Cas' regular breathing. It was dark in the room, but as Dean's eyes adjusted to the darkness, he could make out Cas' silhouette. How he was buried between his thousand pillows. One leg was over the covers and his face was relaxed, his mouth slightly open.
"Do you wanna come to my place later?" Cas asked, almost uncertainly, and Dean couldn't help grinning.
Maybe he don't need any therapy or medicine. Just a few morons who would constantly talk to him about nonsense. Who would get him out of the house, bring him out of himself.
"He's okay, I guess." Dean answered. "He can go home tonight. Just wanted to keep him there overnight, as it always is."
"I know." He always knew, but he had no belief that someone else could fix it. "I don't want that anymore."
Dean was alone in their Impala and stared at the house, which was to become his new home. Luckily, his father didn't call it that after they got there. Dean felt like he would vomit soon, wasn't even sure if he was imagining the nausea or if it was really there. He never hated a building so much.
And when he was gone, Cas laid there staring at the ceiling, hoping that maybe Dean would be better now.
The sky was clear, the sun was shining down mercilessly. It was almost... nice? Not a single person was near, only Dean and Cas. The grass looked greener than yesterday, generally the world looked more beautiful. Were this some weird hormones? Dean had already forgotten how that feels.
"Did for a while." the other one answered honestly and Dean crosses his arms even tighter. "Listen, I don't care. I mean, I actually do but I don't think anything bas about you. I don't think that you are crazy or weird. And I certainly don't think that you are stupid. It's just... we all have our shit and all our way to deal with it. And if you want to talk or just drop that mask for one single minute, I'm here."
"Where do you want to sleep?" He sounded worried and a little desperate. And tired, but they all were tired. Dean felt like his father was on edge the entire time and he wondered when he would explode.
"Good morning." Cas murmured in a sleepy voice and Dean couldn't help smiling. He sounded hot when he had just woke up.
At some point, Cas put his hands on Dean's hips and Dean put his on Cas' upper arms. His bumps became more and more secure and harder until he hit that one particular spot that made Dean see stars. He groaned, feeling like he was going crazy, as if he was going to die if Cas didn't continue like that.
"What? why?" Dean asked confused and in shock. It just popped out of him and he quickly tried to correct myself. "You don't have to say it when-"
"Holy shit." He finally said, but he couldn't think of anything else at the moment. "I'm sorry, Cas."
"Just do it. Tell me how crazy I am, that I lost my fucking mind, that I'm stupid, tell me everything I've known for a long time and have heard in every imaginable way." Dean rambled and Castiel just looked at me like a dog who didn't know what to do. Dean had thrown the stick, the other one only had to get it. Dean pressed my lips together, ready to be attacked.
"I'll take care of you, alright?" Dean closed his eyes and nodded again, whereupon he felt the other boys lips on his.
The door on the other side was ripped open and Dean opened his green eyes. He silently watched his little brother climb into the car and shut the door. Now it was just the two of them while they hid from the whole world. They didn't look at each other. Sam stared straight ahead, while Dean focused on his shoes
Then Castiel's eyes went back to Sam, who was just shocked and looked at him like a deer that was about to be run over. Then all that was heard was a muffled sound and Dean laid unconscious on the floor. Cas couldn't move, swallowed hard.
Maybe he was trying to act like a normal teenager who was just skipping school. He ate a bowl of cereal before the doorbell rang.
"All right, I make sure that he gets here. Do you want to eat something? Do you need anything?" John asked worried, but Dean shook his head.
Castiel didn't make a big deal out of it, trying to look like he was just copying from the board and listening to the teacher explain something every now and then.
"Sure, why not? My first little apartment." Dean shrugged. They laughed briefly, but both knew they didn't find it funny. The situation was tense enough, why not at least try to relax. Dean ran his fingers through his hair trying not to make eye contact.
After about forty minutes of walking silently to the Winchester's house, he was still angry and slammed the door open. Castiel flinched hard.
"Would be great, thanks." he said sleepily and leaned against the kitchen counter, next to the stove. Dean ran his hand over his face, what Cas' grandmother just laughed at. She made pancakes.
His mind jumped back to yesterday. Dean had spent the whole day in his bed and slept. Something felt wrong. Everything felt wrong and probably it was. His home was in Lawrence, instead he rotted in a house in a completely different part of America. His school and all the people he knew were there.
Dean realized how Cas opened his pants and slowly slipped them off his legs with his underwear and suddenly Dean realized that he was completely naked there. For a second, Dean thought that he was going to go nuts, but then he felt Cas crawl back onto the bed and put his lips on Dean's.
They were five guys. Castiel, Gabriel, Michael, Benny and Dean. Castiel's friends were okay and didn't ask personal questions. That was probably one of the reasons why it was so easy for Dean to get involved into the meeting. He didn't had to be scared that this would turn into a therapy session by accident.
"How can you sleep so long?" Dean played along and Cas laughed lightly and Dean fell in love all over again.
Cas sighed. He pulled Dean's desk chair toward him and slowly sat on it. Dean didn't say anything, he didn't really care.
Sam sighed and ran his fingers through his still too long hair, as he looked down the street. Dean couldn't stop staring at him. There was something about him, some feeling.
Some people walked past him, others stood at the entrance talking. Dean saw cars leaving the parking lot. Then his eyes fell on Castiel's bike.
Then they hung up and Dean got ready, whereupon a short time later he was standing in front of Castiel's house and they walked to school together.
"I know Cas. I know." He interrupted, looking at the ceiling hoping his tears would stay in his head. "I think I hallucinated. That's why I got so mad. The drugs made everything worse than it was before."
And actually nobody asked any questions. No one, not even Castiel, tried desperately to get him to talk.
"We basically just met and now we're here, isn't that weird? Just the way human connections works. I mean, not in a bad way, but-?"
He wanted everyone to be better, while Sam just seemed to accept, that it would always be like that.
After John had announced that they would move, Sam and Dean fought against it with everything they had. Nevertheless, John convinced Sam in a short time, because he was naive and gullible. Sam convinced Dean. And Dean regret it. He regret it so much.
He heard the last sentence in her voice and he looked at Sam who smiled sadly. It was true. It had to be.
"What's his name?" Sam asked curious and normally Dean would have rolled his eyes or something, but not today. He decided to spare Sam for an evening.
"I love you." Cas stopped the movement and looked up. He knew it, of course he knew it. Just as Dean knew he felt the same, though he didn't understand why. "And I am pretty sure that won't change anytime soon."
Maybe Dean also liked Cas because he didn't want to play it cool. He liked someone, he admitted it to himself and didn't cover it up. Dean knew too many people who looked at him weird for being so close with Sam, but Dean couldn't care less.
While she was teaching Dean a lesson he was absolutely not interested in, he noticed how all the other students were staring at him. At least he provided some variety in this boring English class. He ignored Castiel's look.
The summer heat hit him and so he rolled up the sleeves of his sweatshirt. The poor boy didn't want it, but it was like an accident - he just stared at it. Red and white stripes on both arms. Some were fresh, some old. Dean squinted, shook his head briefly and pulled his sleeves down again.
"Of course." Cas nodded and Dean leaned down to slowly kiss him. Casput his hand on Dean's neck. And for a while, they just made out. A while that could go on forever.
Dean was getting better. Not good, but better. He didn't drink alcohol at first and stopped taking any kind of drugs. It had only made everything worse than it already was. And Dean didn't want to pump himself up because of the wrong motives.
Sam walked towards him as expected. Dean noticed that his brother also looked fucking tired. His hair, which were a bit too long for Dean's liking, was a mess and his arms were totally red because of the heavy boxes he had to carry inside. There was sweat building on his forhead.
He had his head leaning against the window pane, feeling the rattle of the car. Dean felt like he was slowly dying. As if his soul was leaving his body piece by piece.
Guys I am so sorry this took so long. I didn't had any time on the weekend and I got my second covid vaccine and it really kicked, haha. But I feel better now and here is the seventh chapter. Have fun! (Even tho I really don' like it, but what am I suppose to do?)
, Dean thought and was glad that she was finally done with him. She just turned around and started to talk to the class, while writing something on the board.
"Dean, get yourself together!" Cas heard John say and then he only heard footsteps on the stairs. His gaze then went to said staircase and he only saw Sam's eyes looking at him with concern. He took a step closer to the living room, but Cas only shook his head. And he listend and just stopped in the middle of the hall.
When they arrived, John looked at Dean first. Dean didn't react, still had his head leaning against the window. His arms were wrapped around himself.
Sam opened the passenger door and leaned against the car roof with his forearm. Sam was smart, but sometimes not smart enough. He tried not to curse when he flinched and immediately pulled his arm away from the hot car roof. Dean looked at him with a raised eyebrow, not saying anything, his head still resting on his knee.
Cas followed a bit behind. In fact, Dean just did it and ran straight all the way home. Cas wanted to stop him, calm him down, make him sleep at his place, but Castiel was afraid of him.
And after a few minutes the effect started. He felt warm as if someone were hugging him from the inside and Dean just wanted to lie down on the couch and fall asleep. He was so... calm. It was all so slow, so quiet, so relaxed.
Dean saw how he scrunched his nose when the sun was hitting his eyes and Dean thought it was adorable.
"Fuck you, no. Turn around." he said, almost sounding mad, and Dean turned clumsily on his back. Sam was sitting up, but Dean just stared at the ceiling, trying to convince himself that he had the control over this stupid ass situation.
Cas threw the bottle of lube on the bed and Dean automatically spread his legs, whereupon Cas chuckled.
"Yeah, so? It doesn't matter." Cas looked at him sadly and Dean sat up again. Dean wasn't as bad as an hour ago. Maybe it's because of the stuff that they pumped into him.
"Between us two, I didn't like Balthazar and I think Cas turned into the good boy he's now after they broke up." she said and Dean tried to supress his smile, after he realized that she is admitting to like him.
"I have a punching bag." he smiled slightly. "I don't use it often anymore, it's pretty quiet right now."
Two weeks later, Dean was at school. It was the first lesson and he honestly didn't believe that he would attend. Actually Dean had planned to stay in bed and never leave the house again. He was hurting too much. But here he was, sitting in the last row, alone, staring at his desk as the class waited for the teacher to enter the room.
"I don't think you're crazy." Castiel said firmly, shaking his head lightly, and Dean felt his right hand twitch. His heart was beating fast and hard. It almost hurt, was almost unbearable.
He hadn't dreamed anything, but he felt this cold, empty place in his consciousness. More clearly than he usually felt it. This one place where he stored horrible memories, hoping they would eventually just disappear.
Cas had shown Dean a picture of his mother at some point. Probably because he had thought of her again. Dean realied that they hardly looked alike. She had light brown hair, almost ginger.
"I know. It's a shitty feeling." Cas agreed and his warm hand found its way back to Dean's shoulder. "In such moments I always think that it's nice that there are at least moments when everything feels okay for a while."
"I think you can't deserve someone." Sam said and it almost slapped Dean in the face, because he knew who told him that. Both of them.
"Do you mind if I sit here?" Castiel asked and Dean looked at him in confusion. He's never seen him in this class before. Was Dean in the right class? What day was it?
"Do you have to change the bandage?" Sam asked carefully, but Dean didn't respond. Sam didn't had to know all of this shit. Dean would have been better, if Sam would have never found out. "Did it hurt?"
After a while Dean sighed and straightened up, whereupon Cas looked at him a bit confused. Dean dropped down onto one of the pillows next to him, stared at the ceiling. Cas looked at him.
Sam had sneaked into the room for a moment and looked at them unbelievably for a moment. Dean, who has not wanted anyone for days, has ignored his boyfriend and brother, was cuddled up with said boyfriend.
For a while, they just looked at each other while lying on their backs. It took Dean an eternity to convince himself to put his hand on Cas'. An ugly arm he could stare at. At first Cas looked at him in astonishment until he gently squeezed his hand and smiled.
His parents divorced when he was six and since then it has been the same. His father came on holidays and when he turned fourteen, he flew alone to Europe to visit him.
"Don't force yourself." Castiel repeated and Dean closed his eyes. "You don't have to tell me or anyone else, just because people want you to. I mean-"
Dean knew Sam could do it all. Sam was smarter than him, so he didn't have to repeat a grade. Unlike Dean.
In fact, it didn't take Dean much to fall asleep. Actually, he had expected his thoughts to keep him mercilessly awake, but his brain spared him for one night. He fell asleep within a few minutes.
Dean felt safe when he was here. When Cas was just around. It felt like he could hide from all the pain, just for a fucking moment. Cas would protect him, not let the pain take him.
"Are they nice?" Sam asked after a while and Dean nodded. Honestly, Dean didn't want to talk about it anymore because he didn't want to give Sam false hope either. It could all quickly come to nothing.
"No, thanks. It's fine." Dean shook his head, whereupon she smiled softly and they said their goodbye's.
"I was so glad you weren't there." his father muttered in the end. Yeah, Dean would have probably lost his shit.
Cas didn't notice much, it felt like his brain was just filtering the whole thing. Then he heard Dean screaming something with his mom. That she was dead. Then he asked why. And he asked that often. And the more he asked it, the sadder it sounded.
A fey moment later his sweater was gone, and before Dean could waste another thought on that fact, he put his hand on Cas' neck and rejoined their lips. Dean gave him complete control.
"Jesus Christ, Dean. Of course, I don't hate you!" John said instantly and in that moment Dean's heart begun to hurt more than anything else.
Suddenly Dean started to cry. Not like normal people cry, but like a waterfall. As if he would drown in it. He broke down staring at this pile in front of his eyes.
"Are you okay?" Dean asked. There was a long pause, filled with silence. Maybe John hadn't expected his son to ask or he didn't want to answer. Dean didn't know.
His thoughts were more about how he could hide all this from his family. It was almost creepy how routinely he could clean everything. It was terrible that he had a routine for this at all.
And slowly Dean realized that this was serious. That he was in a relationship and sometimes Dean didn't know if he was ready or not. But he wanted it so much, even though it scared the shit out of him, that Dean always rejected these thoughts as fast as he can.
"It's afternoon, Dean." Something like a laugh left Dean, but it wasn't a laugh. He didn't know what it was. Perhaps despair. Maybe he was just losing his mind.
He had walked there with Sam, the school wasn't too far away and Dean hated the idea of riding the school bus. They had arrived there and had separated.
Dean grabbed the pack of cigarettes and walked a few feet until he sat down on the damp grass. It was light, so he sleepily shut his eyes.
"No." Cas answered shortly. "My mom is the only one who made a big deal out of it. But, I was a bit scared they would change their mind with me having my first boyfriend. They didn't."
"You're weird, to be honest. And we've always noticed that, but we don't care. You're cool, I like you." He said at some point. "But honestly dude, if you need anything, I don't know. We are friends, okay?"
"We sometimes see each other at parties, but not in private." he explained and Dean nodded understandingly.
But Dean already heard footsteps and then Cas opened the door. Cas waved him in and closed the door behind them. For a moment they looked at each other and Dean desperately thought about hugging Cas, because if he was honest with himself, he could really use a hug right now.
He coudldn't imagine that. He couldn't imagine Cas sitting alone somewhere and getting drunk. Dean couldn't imagine that Cas was aggressive. Cas had told him that once. Cas used to go to parties a lot, drinking and smoking and being pretty mean. Dean couldn't imagine that.
"We can't, Dean, you know that." Finally Sam looked at him. Two broken boys, in their favorite car, in the middle of a street, somewhere in Iowa.
Even his grandparents asked where Dean was. She was briefly worried that they broke up, but Cas could calm her down.
"I will." Dean nodded and set his cup down on a halfway straight brick. Dean cleaned his throat and buried his hands in his hair. "I just don't know how."
He reached for his cell phone, which was lying on the nightstand next to him. He frowned when he saw a message from Cas.
"You're not a morning person, aren't you?" Castiel asked with a gentle smile and for a moment Dean just stared at him. Something in Dean just wanted him to shut up, but something else was amazed that Castiel was still talking to him.
His father looked at him and Dean really had no idea what that look meant. Whether it meant he didn't want to tell him or he couldn't. Or if he wanted to, but thought he shouldn't.
"What'a going on?" Cas asked softly. Nobody would have heard if they spoke normally. Dean didn't know why he spoke quietly, but he was grateful, because it was so fucking loud in his head.
Something in Dean wanted to ask Castiel why he was so nice? What exactly were his motives, but Dean didn't dare. It felt like it wasn't his bussiness or maybe there wasn't a reason at all and he would just look stupid asking. Maybe Dean would find out someday.
"It doesn't matter, Dean." John looked at his son desperately and something broke inside of Dean. Maybe his heart, which he didn't know was still doing anything at this moment. "It's so much worse when you sit in front of me."
"What about the blonde?" Dean asked Sam now and his little brother just frowned. "Come on, you know exactly who I'm talking about. The girl who always sits at lunch with you. The one you stare at while she tells you about her math homework, I guess."
He had repressed it or wanted to repress it and now he did let it out and Cas' best guess was that it just came up again. Cas couldn't imagine how terrible it was to live with something like that. Someone you love more than anything simply disappears from your life without warning. That actually bad enough. But then Dean saw it and- God, Cas couldn't think about it.
Sam smiled softly at Dean. Dean placed his bowl, with now-soaked conflakes, on the small table before him. Sam immediately walked up to him to drop down right on the couch.
It took Dean a short while before he managed to turn around and get back into the elevator to go down to the first floor. He wanted to puke.
Dean's head was working at full speed, his heart was beating fast and hurting, and Cas was looking at Dean sadly because he knew.
"He just wanted a fresh start." Sam started and actually Dean had no desire for a profound conversation, but it was two o'clock in the morning and around this time, brains work different.
"In the hospital." She checked something on the bag hanging over Dean's bed. His eyes went to his arm and of course there was a needle in it. He could see his scars, but at this shitty moment he couldn't care less.
Dean looked at Sam in shock. He hadn't expected Sam to be so honest with him. He wanted to say something, but he felt the lump in his throat tighten. His eyes filled with tears, but he didn't care.
But Dean was sure that, even if it was just a cruel test, a game, he would loose. He was loosing. Because no one explained the rules to him and sometimes it felt like everyone was against him. As if everyone else did know the rules and mocked Dean, because he fucking didn't.
Suddenly Dean remembered the events this morning and faced the other direction. He stared out the window again, biting his hand.
His phone vibrated and he already knew without looking, that the message was from Cas and ran to the door.
Dean set next to Cas on the bed and they just sat there for a while. He watched Phil. Dean liked his dark hair. His eyes were a mixture of a lot of colours. But mostly they were blue. And he had pretty lips.
"Did he take anything?" Cas heard John ask and that completely tore him out of the trance in which he had been stuck for minutes. Cas had tears in my eyes and his heart was beating way to fast.
"That's valid." Cas said with a shrug and it was okay for Dean. Dean really appreciated that about Cas, that he never made a big deal out of anything or made Dean feel like he was crazy.
Sam made it sound so easy. As if it wasn't a problem, as if it was the easiest in the world. Maybe it was, but it felt so fucking hard for Dean. Slowly, carefully, Sam put his hand on Dean's upper arm.
"But I want you to promise me a thing." Cas said and Dean listened attentively. "Come to me when it gets bad."
Cas just hoped that Dean was okay. Dean should take all the time he needs and Cas would wait, because he loved him.
After a while they pulled away. And while they were breathing the same air, the two of them just looked at each other and started to grin like two idiots.
Dean looked up slowly, Sam had lifted his head again and was staring at the road ahead of them. There was nothing to see. Just more ugly houses that Dean could hate. He fucking hated it here, he wanted to destroy every house in that street.
Dean had set up his old bed, closet and his desk alone. He had noticed his father standing in the doorway for a moment, probably wanting to ask him if he should help, but Dean paid him no attention. He was alone and busy, with his thoughts completely on the matter and he didn't want anyone else with him.
John Winchester smiled briefly at Dean after he stepped out of the house and noticed him. Of course Sam had sent their father to talk to Dean. Sam had probably told him to take it easy. Dean expected it actually, just had a little bit of hope that it wouldn't happen.
Dean took a deep breath and looked at Cas, who looked like he had a thousand questions. And something in Dean wanted him to ask all questions. Somehow, in this moment, Dean wanted to tell him everything and in the next moment nothing at all. He probably noticed that he was opening up to him. That he gave Cas the opportunity to hurt him a lot and he still didn't know if he wanted that.
He had never hurt himself so much, so deep and he was shocked by himself. Dean was too tired to feel anything.
"With what?" Dean asked confused and Cas looked up and for an eternally long moment they just looked each other. Somehow Dean wanted to show him that he didn't have to answer if he didn't want to, but before Dean could say or do anything, Cas already started talking.
There he finally took off the bandage and tried not to stare at his arm. He tried to ignore the ugly, long seam.
After that John had put Dean in his own bed, whereupon his son fell asleep immediately. Dean doesn't know if John said anything or not.
"You need help, Dean. That's nothing bad. I don't think bad about you. I would like to say that I understand you, but I don't. I don't know how it is or was for you and to be honest I don't want to know, because you're not the same anymore since it happened."
Dean's heart warmed for a moment, whereupon he looked up and smiled at Cas for a second. Cas smiled back. It was a warm and welcoming smile. And for a second, Dean didn't even wanted to admit it, it felt like home.
"My dad and my grandparents like, so she doesn't matter." Cas said but Dean knew that he lied, but I didn't want to keep pushing him. Maybe he was like Dean and just tried to push that fact out of his life. "Who needs someone in their life who kicks them out at fourteen after their stepfather beats them up, am I right?"
For a moment Dean smiled proudly, but it quickly disappeared. Dean couldn't do that. Be as strong as Sam and just go through the day. Sam had already done it last year. He always told Dean he had to. That everything still had to go on and work, but Dean couldn't see it the same way. Nothing had to work. It was all broken. Beyond repair.
Dean survived the last two lessons and was the first to leave the classroom after the bell rang. Cas was already waiting outside, with a small smile after he spotted Dean, and they started walking together.
Cas looked at Dean understandingly. Dean saw it in his eyes and he didn't know if he thought it was good or bad. Somehow, Dean felt he could understand that part of him. And the thought that maybe he wasn't so alone after all felt weird.
"It's your mom, isn't it?" Cas asked carefully and Dean started to nod, kinda glad that he didn'T need to find a start to the topic. "I figured. I mean, you never really talk about her, you run away from that topic."
Sam said it would be better for them to live somewhere else, and Dean knew that his younger brother was just repeating John's words. Sam lied, Dean didn't know if Sam was aware of this, and he did everything for their dad and the worst part was that Dean understood it. But he couldn't be as strong as Sam was.
Dean was shocked, his mouth slightly open. At that moment, Dean wanted nothing more than to be an asshole. He wished that Castiel's words left him cold, that he could just turn around and leave.
The grass was soft. Dean sat there, with a boy he didn't really know. But for thsi one moment, it felt okay. He felt okay.
"So you and Cas, huh?" He said at some point when he had noticed that Dean couldn't take his eyes off him. Dean turned his head and just looked at him but didn't answer. "We've known it forever, but we didn't want to forestall you."
"The guy who was here seemed nice." Sammy stated and Dean frowned. He already forgot Cas was here. It was today. The day seemed to drag on for several years. Maybe Dean was in hell, because the day was getting worse and worse.
There was no wind, you could hear nothing except a few crickets. It was full moon and it felt like they could see all the stars in their galaxy. It was so bright, almost uncommon that it was the middle of the night. Some of the houses were still lit and Dean wondered what was going on in them.
Somewhere, Dean started to feel that he shouldn't have told Cas anything. That it was stupid and he should just let it go next time instead of asking for so much attention. He tried to suppress it.
They didn't touch, but they laid so close to each other that they could feel the warmth of the other.
They looked at each other for a while, before Castiel took his backpack and started walking. Both of them realized that they didn't live to far away from each other so Dean started to walk with him. He crosses his arms.
At some point their friends knew about Cas and Dean. Of course they knew, they were horrible at hiding. But they never said anything about it. They just left it. As if it had just always been that way.
Sam came running up to Dean and asked what was going on, but Dean couldn't answer. For amoment he wasn't sure if he was real. Or Sam. Or the life they had a few hours ago.
His first intuition was to tell him that she wouldn't understand. But then Dean realized that he couldn't say that anymore, because he could understand it. Sam was in the hospital, overdose, because he wanted it to stop for a second. He understood it and in some way they both were equally fucked up. And Dean hated it.
Sam had asked that only once before. At the very beginning, eight months ago when he saw it for the first time. Dean had shouted at him that his brother had never dared to try again. At that time, Dean was more sensitive than he was now.
"How are you?" Dean asked immediately, examining Sam from top to bottom. He had a needle in his arm, a bag hanging over his bed. He looked a little sallow.
"Just five minutes." Dean murmured and took Castiel's hand. It was warm and soft. Their hands fit together perferctly.
Dean frowned and looked at it, wondering what to do. What the fuck has he done? What the fuck was wrong with him?
For a moment Dean thought about his next step and decided to just hug Sam. After a second, Sam actually started to cry, while his head was on Dean's shoulder. He didn't hug back, just leaned into Dean.
"Listen to me, Dean." Sam's calm voice brought him back to the present. Dean turned to him and looked into his eyes. Dean's head was still leaning against the warm glass of the window. "I won't force you to go into this house, I would never force you, but I want you to go out of this car. I'm worried about you."
"Oh, thank you." Dean said and Cas laughed briefly. Dean dared to take his hand. Cas ran his thumb over the back of Dean's hand, but didn't look at him.
"Yes, but we can always catch up on that later." Cas still sounded worried and Dean straightened up, putting on his jacket.
His father nodded, didn't really care where Dean would spent the night. The first time after maybe a year, that John trusted Dean.
For a moment, his father just stood in the doorway until he walked up and sat with him. Dean wanted to say a lot, but nothing came out of him except the constant sobbing.
"Did someone really say that to you?" That was Castiel' only question, and now Dean stared at him with a frown. Where are the insults or the lack of understanding Dean got from everyone else on this planet. Why didn't he just say what everyone else always said?
He looked at Dean wide-eyed, as if he had never expected to arrive at this point and to be honest, Dean hadn't expected it either. He never thought he would trust someone so much. Before Dean could count to three,Cas was on top of him and pressed their lips together again and again. Dean buried his hands in his hair. Cas was holding himself upright so he wouldn't just fall on Dean.
For a moment, Dean and Cas  just looked at each other. Dean thought about just chasing him away, but decided against it. Instead he gestured Cas to followe him.
Dean just wanted to protect his little brother from all the other people. From all the doctors and nurses, that thought they knew better. He knew how hospitals work and didn't want his brother to be there. Dean wanted Sam to be with him. Where he could be sure that nobody hurts Sam.
"Sam has agreed to go to therapy again." John explained and now Dean knew where the conversation was going. He hated it, because he knew that it would turn into an argument. Dean couldn't understand why his father kept going on and on about it, even though he knew exactly how Dean felt about it.
"Say that to your arm." his father said loudly and Dean swallowed everything else he wanted to say. "Say that to the walls in our old house, say that to all-"
As if his mind wouldn't allow him to feel happiness even for a moment. As if it asked him how he dared to be happy, with all the images and thoughts in his head.
John was sitting on one of the benches at the entrance. He looked at Dean, then at the bike but said nothing because it was the most unnecessary thing in the world.
And it felt like the sun was coming out again, for a short moment. It was still behind the clouds, but it was there.
Maybe it knew all the answers to Dean questions. It was so high above, seeing everything and maybe it knew. But it wouldn't tell Dean, nor anyone else.
Dean realized how cold it got on the roof, but you could handle it. He also realized how clouded his mind got. He didn't now if he could handle that.
"I don't know." Dean honestly said. "I mean, I do, but it feels like I don't. It feels like I have absolutely no idea, what the fuck is going on. I don't know why the shit that happens, happens."
Another voice said that he couldn't go home, it was over. Dean knew, so he surrendered and opened the door.
It was warm, but not hot actually. However, the heat was still in the air, because there wasn't a bit of wind. The sky was cloudless. Just as Dean's brain was carefree.
Just before Cas' house, Dean saw that he was already sitting on the stairs. They smiled at each other and Cas stood up. They hugged each other for a short time and then walked off together. Both of them didn't say much, just enjoyed the other's presence.
"Are you awake?" The younger brother asked and Dean sat up, without answering the question. Sam smiled slightly and closed the door behind him.
"I know, Sammy." Dean stroked his back. Dean could feel the fabric of his shirt getting wet, but he didn't care.
"Dean, calm down. It's all right, just let me talk." John tried to reassure Dean, but that was no longer possible. Not really.
"No." Dean answered and felt Sam's astonished look. Dean didn't look over, instead just stared down into their small garden. "It's bad everywhere."
It wasn't and it wouldn't be. Sam wasn't okay. If he would be okay, Dean would sit on the roof with him right now. But he was here, breathing in the smell of sanitizer.
"I hate it." Cas said softly at some point and Dean swallowed hard. "I hate that you think you have to hide it from me. I don't want you to think that, because it's not like that. I don't want you to hide anything from me."
John didn't want to say it. Dean noticed how his father resisted saying it. Dean would find out anyway, so why didn't he just say it.
Dean swallowed hard. He wondered if the small scar above Cas' eyebrow came from that or if it was an innocent scar from childhood.
Dean sat on the kitchen counter while Sam leaned on a kitchen counter right from Dean. Sam ate leftovers from the lasagna they had yesterday, while Dean settled for cereal.
"Is it really okay at school?" Sam asked after a while. The bag wasn't yet empty, but it just lay between them. Dean already knew that Sam would take it to his room to eat it all by himself so he could grow even taller.
"How do you feel?" Sam asked the counter question and Dean realized it was time to be honest to each other.
Sam didn't say anything, gently stroked Dean's shoulder while he was still trying to hold back his tears. Dean didn't want to cry anymore, not in this house. For a while, none of them said anything until he realized that his heartbeat had normalized.
He didn't feel like he was in a tunnel anymore. Everything was normal again, but he still felt kind of light. Maybe even numb at some point.
After that, they didn't talk much about themselves anymore, but rather about the school and other people. Something gave Dean the feeling that he was safe with Cas.
Cas released his hand from him and put it on his back, whereupon he hugged his boyfriend tightly. A few seconds later, Dean let go and just fell more into Cas, clawing his hand into his shoulder, burrying his face more in Cas' neck. Then he just cried.
Cas didn't like that though. Because of course Cas know that something was wrong with Dean. That h got worse and tried to hide it.
Again Dean felt his eyes fill with tears. However, he was incredibly relieved when Cas finally got over and sat on the bed with him. Cas ran his hand through his own hair.
Dean wanted that time back. The time when Sammy's cried smelled like dirt and spilled milk. Not like a hospital and alcohol.
It looked like Dean had friends and would do something with them everyday. In fact, Dean laughed at their funny stories or stupid jokes, not like a few months ago. Sometimes Dean and Cas looked at each other and Cas would smile for a moment until he turned back to the others.
"Where is he?" Dean asked out of breath. His father didn't answer him instantly and Dean got scared, way to scared. At that moment, a cold shiver ran down Dean's spine, because he wasn't the only one who was afraid. He saw it in his father's eyes. The way he had his hands hidden deep in his pocket. The way he looked to the side, but didn't meet his sons eyes.
He stopped dead in his track and just stared into the room until he had to blink and then it was just a dark bedroom. Dean felt something, but couldn't make out what it was.
When Cas walked over to their house to check on Dean, Sam had briefly told him that Deam was okay. Only very sad but Sam was certain that he would be able to cope again someday. He only needed time.
Castiel walked  looking at some pictures where Dean looked a thousand times healthier than now. He wondered what Dean's mom looked like. There was nothing anywhere that showed anything of his mother. No pictures with her on it. No family photos.
Their father was still standing at the front door and looked at Dean, whereupon he nodded and smiled slightly. After that Dean looked to the kitchen door and his mind expected someone to come out of it, but it didn't happen.
"I didn't mean to wake you up." He heard Sam's voice and it broke his fucking heart. He had to explain himself and now he had to feel even more bad than he already did. The door was a bit open, so Dean could see Sam's silhouette and face.
He lit the cigarette and stared down the field. Butterflies and birds flew around and a little further Dean could even see fucking rabbits.
"It wasn't over." Dean stated instead and Sam looked at him sadly. Dean was sure Sam was thinking the same thing.
"You don't have to, Romeo. I can clearly see it. Just look at your red tomato face." Dean laughed and Sam slapped his shoulder.
However, Dean was just at the point where the purpose of a house wasn't important to him. He stood in the room where he would live soon. As if nothing ever happened. The house was redeveloped, new flooring, new walls - Dean heard how his father told him all this, but his memory put all this information in a drawer that was very unimportant to him.
"Dean." John interrupted and Dean stopped instantly. He pressed his lips together and after that he took a deep breath.
And since then there have been scars that were a little newer than the other new scars. Towels were soaked in blood, the book was put back on the shelf.
"Shut up, you had your first boyfriend with fourteen. I am fourteen, too." Sam tried to defend himself.
It was pleasantly warm outside, so the two decided to climb outside and sit on the roof. They were sharing a blanket and staring at the other houses. In Lawrence, they were always sitting on the roofs of Dean's friends, because they couldn't reach theirs. Now they had no friends, but at least a roof.
"Please, Cas." He begged. "I don't want to think anymore. I don't want to feel this anymore, I don't want anything anymore. Please Cas, make it stop."
He was still standing at the door. Actually, he was still holding the doorknob. Sam just wanted him to be in the house, he didn't have to be in this room.
"How do you live with it?" Dean then wanted to know. How did he do it? With Sammy? With him? With himself? He lost the love of his life, Dean knew that. Dean couldn't imagine losing Cas, not like this.
Was it a lie? Was it something Dean got from some movie or book? Time heals all wounds, maybe it was this saying. This wound couldn't heal. No matter how much Dean licked it, it wouldn't heal. Sometimes it felt to Dean like it was only getting worse. Getting infected, festering, rotting away.
Cas room was bigger than Dean's and a lot more furnished, but honestly, Dean thought it would be that way. Cas had a few pictures on his desk and a wall was painted a dark blue. His bed was there and he was one of the people who slept with a hundred pillows. Psychopath.
After a few minutes, and a lot of consideration, Cas finally decided to go upstairs to check on his boyfriend. He was afraid of it. He was afraid of people who were loaded with emotions and didn't know where to put them.
"Take some pancakes, you're definitely hungry." She changed the topic and Dean wouldn't let her tell him twice.
"I don't know what he did." Dean heard him say and he didn't know if it just made him more confused or desperate.
"I'm sorry, Sammy." Dean mumbled again and he could feel his brother nodding against his neck. "I didn't want this to happen."
Sometimes they talked until late into the night, until you could hear the birds outside, because they wouldn't be able to fall asleep when the other was so deep in their thoughts. Sometimes Dean fell asleep and when he woke up Caswas still on the line.
"Just leave me alone, holy fuck Cas!" Dean screamed and turned abruptly and Cas stopped dead. He was like a dog.
Dean didn't wake up unexpectedly, had no nightmares, and in the morning he didn't wake up sweaty. There were rarely, in fact hardly ever, nights when Dean slept through the night. But when he did, he felt like a new man.
Then Dean looked over at Sam, while that little shit just smiled at him knowingly. Dean thought about the things he could say now, but he didn't.
Dean nodded and looked over at his little brother. He was smiling slightly, but his eyes were sad. Dean didn't want Sam to be sad. It broke his heart.
With a father who was absolutely not okay and hid his medication. With a brother, who hasn't been the same since the hospital. Sam still felt guilty, and Dean tried so much to talk him out of it. There was no reason, it wasn't his fault.
My eyes went to his desk in the corner of him room. There laid some books and his eyes fixed a very specific one. The hiding spot.
Why do people think that works that way? That something could be ignored in the hope that it would be forgotten. That this part had never existed.
"Why so lonely?" Some guy he didn't know asked him suddenly. Dean just stared at him until he sat next to me. Tall, blonde hair, looked like a typical high school bully, but didn't give Dean the vibes.
"We can't afford that." Dean muttered and the nurse sighed sadly and Dean didn't know what her little sigh meant.
Although Dean had lost contact with so many. In fact everyone, but he would have picked it up again if he had felt better. Now he was sitting here and Dean didn't know if he would ever feel better and if so, what he would do then.
Still, Dean started to shake his head slowly. It happened because he wanted it, not because he couldn't control his head. Dean trusted Cas. He realized that he probably wouldn't even have let Cas into the house if he wouldn't.
"How do you not know?" he asked and touched his forehead. Dean turned around again. Cas talked to the others, but after a few seconds he looked at Dean again. He gave Dean a worried, questioning look and Dean didn't know what gesture he could do to tell him what was going on. That's why Dean waved him unobtrusively to me. Cas stood up.
Dean didn't even know where his thoughts were. He was thinking all the time, before he could grab a thought, the next one was already coming and it was too much and it was exhausting. If he managed to pause for a second, he wondered what he was thinking about, but didn't know.
Slowly Dean took his hands off the table and tried to hold them tight. Hoping he could make them stop. His breath trembled, he got cold. All he wanted at that moment was to get into his bed, under his blanket, somewhere where it was warm.
They both were hard. Cas massaged Dean's middle and suddenly he wanted him as much as Dean never wanted anything before.
And then Dean heard a familiar voice. He put his plate aside and hopped off the counter.Before leaving the kitchen, he made sure his sleeve covered his bandage.
"Now the truth, please." Dean said with an eyebrow raise. Sam frowned and Dean realized that he didn't want to talk.
"Come with me." Actually, Dean knes that he shouldn't have trusted him. Just go with some guy he didn't even know. But he just didn't care in his half drunk brain. There was a chance of him feeling better, so why the hell not?
"I don't want that." Dean said barely audible and Sam put his arm aroundhis big brother. He knew what Dean meant and saying absolutely nothing, was always the way to go with Dean. Sam would just sit there and show Dean that he wasn't alone.
"You are not a bad son." John said confidently and Dean sighed sadly. "Even though you think that about yoursel. I just think there's a lot going on in your head that you can't handle and we have to figure out what to do with."
When Dean turned to look at Sam, he just smiled dreamily while looking up at the stars. Dean smiled, almost reassured that at least something was going well with Sam. Because that was a bit of normality in their lives.
After the teacher arrived she asked Dean to share some information about himself, which he just did. When people heard that I was eighteen, he heard a short whisper, but that quickly stopped when Mrs. MacLeod did the standard introduction: Rules, schedule and so on.
"Dad is sleeping." he explained cheeky. He went to the window and opened it. He then nodded outside, nonverbally asking Dean to come with him, whereupon Sam carefully climbed onto the roof. Dean got up tiredly and followed his brother, whereupon a short time later they looked at the stars together.
Not even five minutes later they were on the bed in Dean's room. They sat on the bed, Cas cross-legged, while Dean just put his legs up. They backs were on the (still white) wall. Dean took Cas hand after a while and started to play around with it. Count his fingers, draw on it.
"I don't have to talk to you about it. I have a therapist." Sam smiled sadly and Cas took a sharp breath, nodded for a second.
"I understand why you don't want to, I really do or at least try to." John tried and put his hands on Dean's shoulder. "But without you, without us, this won't work."
It was like a stupid high school movie where you had fun as a student. Maybe Dean was just in the wrong movie. It was too good, way too good. His life felt like a thriller most of the time, actually all the time, and suddenly he found himself in a teen rom-com.
John wanted to say something, looked confused for a moment, until he realized what Dean meant. John's gaze wandered over Dean's arms, which were thankfully covered by a gray hoody.
"Dude, fuck." It left Dean and he burried his face in his hands. "It all felt so okay, honestly. Something always gets in the way."
Dean looked ahead for a moment until he looked back at Castiel. He couldn't take his eyes off him. Right now he looked like an angel to Dean.
He bought his first pack when he was eighteen, when he was starting to go downhill and had no friends left to give him one now and then when they hung out.
"Do you still have contact with your ex?" Dean asked instead, before Cas would start his list of questions.
"Anyway, I was stumping around the city covered in a little bit of blood, sitting on a train and driving to my grandparents. My grandmother wiped my blood off, cleaned my wounds, drove me to the hospital where I was told I had a broken rib and a lot of bruises. My grandfather went to my mom and got my things. He never told me if he talked to her or anything. I don't wanna know." Cas explained pretty fast and painless.
Part of Dean just wanted to punch him in the face because Dean already had enough problems and worrying about some blue-eyed dude was bugging him even more.
It was a stupid idea, really, but Dean had to smile and Sam saw it and so the young boy kept going. The sad thing was that Dean didn't know why he was smiling. Maybe it was already a desperate laugh because his little brother, whom he was supposed to take care of, was now taking care of him more. Tried to save him. To make his life more bearable.
They hadn't moved since we sat down and Dean was afraid to move because he thought that he would just fall apart. For some reason Dean though Cas was afraid of the same thing.
After a while Castiel stopped and Dean noticed it of course. Actually Dean wanted to keep going further, just leave him there, knowing that he was looking for a conversation. A conversation Dean never wanted to have. But Castiel was a friend, wasn't he? He could become one. Dean needed a friend, he couldn't lie about that.
Sam folded his arms and lay down on the roof as he stared defiantly at the stars. He started to play with his fingers.
"Of course! I can't put my boy on the street. I'm not his mother." she said. Dean knew that she hated Cas' mother. Dean was pretty sure all of them hated her. They were the opposite of a fanclub at this point.
It hurt, it would always hurt. A pain that makes your nerves and muscles go numb. As if you can't even breathe, because your lungs don't manage to do it.
When Dean opened his eyes, he was no longer at home. It was light, far too light. He pressed his eyes shut again and now he noticed how incredibly bad he felt. Shit, where was he?
"I don't want that to happen." Dean began and Cas continued to nod, waiting for Dean to continue. Dean thought to himself,
"I'm sorry." He said quietly, almsot begging. Dean didn't want Cas to realize that he was about to cry, but he couldn't hide it. He couldn't hide anything at all.
"A few months ago, I told you that someday I'll tell you what happened." Dean explaind and Cas moved closer,  started to nod.
In the evening, Dean found himself in his bed again, staring at the ceiling. It was dark and quiet in the house, which made him feel even lonelier. It didn't make sense to feel lonely. He had his dad who was always taking care of him and Sammy who never let his brother out of his sight. Dean wasn't alone, but lonely.
His father would never react like that if it were only alcohol. This wasn't the John Winchester Dean knew.
Dean's hand was still on Cas' neck. Slowly Dean put it on his cheek and just looked at him for a while.
Dean felt sick. Somewhat disgusted, he ran down the stairs again, towards the kitchen where he prepared a new drink directly to wash away the disgusting taste. Suddenly Cas was right next to Dean, frowning.
They stared down the street where nothing happened. It was seven, the bright blue was slowly leaving the sky. You could already see the moon lightly. There were some people talking in their garden, probably drinking a beer together. Dean could smell grilled meat.
Dean was there, somewhere really far away in his thoughts. He didn't feel anything, he couldn't focus. But when the nurse said this sentence, he looked up. He still felt as if he were in a tunnel. Sealed off from everyone else.
"If you want me to rely on sedatives and antidepressants all the time, I think that's great. But I don't want to get up every morning and throw in six pills, which in the end won't do anything anyway, because the world is still fucked up!"
To be completely honest, this isn't my favorite thing I wrote. But thanks to everyone who gave me kudos and to the few people who commented. You made my day better.
"You won't lose me." Dean said, but he actually didn't know it he meant it. How could he be so fucking sure.
Dean didn't care that Castiel saw it. Castiel seemed to deal with it calmly instead of causing a scene and if Dean was honest with himself, he was thankful for it.
"You're not okay, right?" Cas asked softly after a while and Dean swallowed hard. His heart hurt, because it didn't know what to do. It felt like he could trust him, but could he though?
It was all so sweet and fresh, like those stupid love movies. It felt so warm, like the sun was finally coming out behind the dark clouds of Dean's mind. It smelled like mulled wine, tasted like waffles with sugar and cinnamon.
Castiel's hand left Dean's cheek, but they still looked at each other until the blue eyed boy put his hand around Dean's cock and Dean threw his head back.
And Dean was serious. Cas wasn't like his father or Sam. Dean didn't want them to see it, Dean didn't want to hear about it, he didn't want them to have anything to do with it. But he trusted Cas and Cas wouldn't say aynthing bad or stare. He would just accept it and Dean knew that. Deep in his heart, he knew it, but his brain couldn't  deal with that fact.
The next morning Dean stood in front of Cas' door. Dean heard quick footsteps coming from inside and then Cas opened the door and smiled at Dean.
For some time they sat in silence next to each other. The only thing you could constantly hear was the rustling of the bag. The lights were off in the other houses, but all stars where shining in the sky and for a few seconds it felt like the earth was not the worst place ever. As if life weren't totally sad and unpredictable. Yes, actually it felt okay.
"Half an hour?" Dean frowned for a moment, didn't expect that he was gone for that long. He really believed it were just five minutes, but he probably was stuck in his brain for too long.
Cas drove slowly, so Dean could keep up with him in an comfortable pace. Dean enjoyed this, them walking and talking. He appreciated Cas' company.
His family continued to break, Sam was in the hospital, John broke more and more every day, even though he didn't say a word. And Dean, well, he was just completely fucked up.
Dean started to play around with his fingers that were shaking a little. Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder and stopped the movement.
"I didn't mean that." he mumbled, putting out the cigarette. He didn't light a new one. Dean buried my head in his hands. A piece of sanity left him and flew away into the sky. "I really didn't mean it like that."
As he entered his new classroom, Dean noticed that some were looking at him, but nobody really stared. He sat down at a free bank and paid no attention to the people sitting next to him.
"I don't want to talk to you!" Dean admitted openly, raising his eyebrows. "I don't want, as I said a hundred times, to talk to anyone about it. I'm okay!"
As if he was just visiting here and it wouldn't make a difference if his clothes stayed in the suitcase or neatly in the closet. It didn't fucking matter.
At some point, of course, it didn't matter. Probably everyone had just given up on stopping Sam. But Sam was still making a secret thing out of it, something for him and Dean. John would get fake upset about it tomorrow and it would make them feel like the good old times for a few seconds.
"Yes, you are." Cas put his arm around Dean's torso and pulled him closer, forcing him to get his face out of the pillow. Cas smiled at Dean and holy shit, Dean was happy.
Dean couldn't even handle himself, but what else was he supposed to do. He couldn't leave himself, he was stuck here.
I hope you like it, thanks for reading! Also wanted to thank the few people who commented already and to the ones that left kudos. Thank you all!
This chapter is really short and I apologize for that. Also sorry for the long wait. I asure you, this fanfiction is done, but I have to rewrite some things and correct it and I sometimes lack time and, to be honest, the motivation. I will try to post more regulary. Thank you for reading and I hope that you liked this chapter, even though it is shorter and sad. The next chapter will be longer again, promise!
