“C’mon boys, you’ve played around long enough,” he took one last drag of his cigarette and flicked it out into the street, it hissed as it landed into a puddle, “get it over with.”
John groaned above him and moved each of his hands to gather themselves in Sherlock lustrous waves. He tilted the man’s face upwards, momentarily caught off-guard by the glossiness of his effervescent eyes. They were wide and innocent, in the moment, like an eager supplicant gazing upwards at his god. John allowed himself a moment to revel in his adoration, and then descended upon his lips with a fervor they had not yet experienced due to John’s long and difficult convalescence.
“I want to be near you, always. I want you by my side…I…thought you’d want that too.” The uncertainty in his voice was heart-breaking. It was strange how quickly Sherlock could go from a ridiculously self-possessed and dominating Alpha, to insecure and practically begging for John’s good graces. It was charming, frighteningly so. John would never in a million years think he could affect a man like this in such a way.
UPDATE:  There were some glaring omissions in this chapter that I can't believe ya'll let me get away with!! So I have only edited it slightly.
“Marcus,” he hobbled towards the large man, “you’ve been gone forever, you great big beast. If I’d known it was going to take all day for you to gather our things, I would have had Sarah help you.”
Sherlock winced, almost startled into motion by John’s plea. His quicksilver eyes roved around the room, assessing and categorizing, before he slowly removed his Belstaff and lowered it over a standard looking beige fold-out lounge chair.
John looked around the room, nonplussed. The table in the centre (probably 30 years old), was passably clean, except for one green glass ashtray that housed more than a few cigarette butts (which was amusing because smoking indoors was banned ages ago).
Yes it was. Jim was a little unusual but he was never suicidal. He never toyed with his own life or anyone else’s, and until his implant he never showed any interest in me sexually, not a bit.” John was frustrated, irritated that he had to tell this sordid tale once more to a man he barely knew and had questionable motives. “The procedure changed him somehow, it drove him mad, I don’t know how or why, but it did. My team knew very little, and I didn’t tell them any more than I had to. I said the crossmatch must have been faulty and Jim paid the ultimate price. That was a lie, of course, we were more than 89% compatible, something I’ve not seen again until your brother.”
He left the rugby ball on the grass where it landed and hunched his shoulders forward, trying to appear as small as possible.  “What do you want Ed?” He couldn’t keep his voice from sounding weak, though inside his anger began to build.
John sighed and clenched his hands before giving his neck a roll and straightening his shoulders. Lately, he'd been sleeping poorly, plagued by massive headaches, and short-tempered with just about everyone who had the misfortune to step into his path. All of this, compounded with an increased workload, made him shite for company; and since the procedure on the younger Mr. Holmes his health had taken a turn for the worse.
“Car accident,” Mr. Chandler offered, “Marcus was hit by a drunk driver on Christmas Eve about two years ago. His job required he live in the city, so he was on his way to Hertfordshire to visit us.”
“Yeah, I’ll just…” he looked around the living room uselessly, until he located his own worn canvas jacket. John pulled it from the hook and slung it inelegantly across his thin shoulders. It wouldn’t do to compare himself to Sherlock Holmes, but dammit, he just couldn’t help it. For once he wished he had some nice clothes, or maybe had had the chance to shower and change before running out of the flat once more.
of his mouth. What on earth had Sherlock ever done to deserve such an exquisite mate? In the end it was of no matter, John was
“Gentlemen, I’ll take my leave, if you don’t mind. I have a very many pressing matters to see to, and if you can assure me of my brother’s continued health…” The tone of his voice left little argument for a response.
cigarette butt, it would have joined its comrades at the edge of the street, caught in the current of the water and bullied along by other detritus (plastic bags, twigs, leaves, dirt, and the like). No, this one was all by itself, and glaringly white, clean.
“Marcus, no!” he practically screamed, terror and alarm making his voice brittle and high pitched, “go away! Get away from here?”
From the very bottom of his vision, he could see it – wrinkled, damp and bloody, it looked to be some kind of packing, and when he pulled it out completely, it uncurled from its forced compression like a viper free from its nest. He grimaced, gasping in air once more and trying to breathe again through his nose…nothing.
Actually, he wasn’t sure which was his biggest concern at this point: the divulging of private information or the fact that Mycroft Holmes already had his mobile bugged, apparently. Sherlock remained silent, leaning back on the couch, hands steepled with the tips of his fingers resting gently against his full bottom lip.
But that took a backseat to the breath-stealing realization that not only could he not help Patterson, now he could not even help
Regardless of the earlier teasing and rough play, Sherlock was in no mood to argue. He knew from his research that it was much easier to bond when the Omega was on all fours, or on their stomach, and so John would remain. The access to his Omega’s bonding glands was ideal, and though he worried he might get carried away, he knew John was strong and could probably handle anything Sherlock threw his way.
Just a little bit late, sorry! To be honest, this chappie was almost finished last week, but then LIFE!!! Ugh, life is so irritating - especially when it gets in the way of writing fanfiction. I mean, honestly!
Jacqui sat across from him, one long, pale leg swung over the other, a veritable picture of casual and blithely interested ease. She had long ago ceased to scribble in her notebook, and now the end-tip of her pen lay snug against her small bottom lip.
I-I’m sorry. I’m so sorry about my father. I didn’t know he was going to do that, I promise! I never would have…”
“What do you think this means, Sherlock?” Molly’s soft voice sounded from behind the Alpha, a hint of sadness colouring her tone.
It took several minutes for all his pertinent information to be entered into the state-of-the-art looking computer system. John eyeballed the slim monitor and sleek design, thinking about his iPhone. Perhaps, maybe one day when he got his life together (if he got that far), he’d get himself a laptop; that would be nice.
“Is there any particular reason why I should not?” Mycroft Holmes was smug, triumphant, and though John had only met him a small number of times, he could imagine the smarter-than-thou satisfaction oozing through the receiver.
He felt not unlike James Bond as he reached over and turned on the transmitter hidden inside his iPhone. This was all very spy movie and hush-hush, and for a moment, John fancied himself as reasonable a facsimile of Daniel Craig as one underweight blond Omega could possibly be.
“But you promised, Irene, when we agreed to all this. You said – you said if I let you do this, use my research, try again and perfect the process, then I could have them for my own purposes,” the hand against the glass clenched, forming a tight fist as the timbre of his voice took on a whinging, wheedling edge.
“Yes, alright, go get your things.” He nodded towards the stairs, while Marcus smiled his biggest gapped tooth smile and bounded up to the second story.
James groaned, his grip on the globes of John’s arse fierce and worshipful as he pulled the man underneath him against his body once more, practically forcing John up and off the cheap cot. With his rough tongue lapping and nipping the back of his neck in turn, James tensed and thrust once more, moaning and crying out as he quivered, and released himself inside the smaller man. Riding the wave of his orgasm, Sholto’s jaw clenched around the supple skin at the base of John’s neck, biting and leaving vicious red teeth marks in its wake.
“His body was found dumped along the Thames, his vestigial reproductive organs removed, along with the entirety of his pituitary and adrenal glands,” Sherlock finally offered John the manila folder, to which the Omega flipped open without a thought, then immediately regretted his actions. On top of the pile of many, many papers were full color glossy photos of several young men, mutilated in the way Sherlock had described. It was disgusting, and heartbreaking, these men looked so young, not even out of their early twenties. Who would do such a thing?
He knelt down next to the duffel and pulled out the mobile, hefting it in his hand and pressing down on the power button to turn it on. It was an iPhone, and brand-spanking new to boot. John didn’t even want to know how much it cost, let alone why Sherlock bothered to spend that kind of money on a useless, homeless ex-army doctor. All self-deprecating thoughts aside, he had tried to keep it as charged as possible; but that was difficult when his only access to electricity was the Day Centre and the few ChargeBoxes he came across. Of course, the latter required money, which he kept in a tight fist.
John noticed Sherlock's change in posture right away. He went stiff and looked away from both of them. “Bandage?”
But then he appeared, holding hands with a small boy he recognised as Dennison. He ran to meet them, unaware of the stares he got from passersby.
'He doesn't have to know that, but it's not your place to speak to him about it at all, much less to lie to him about it. If he asks about anything like that again, you send him to me. Do you understand?'
John got home from work a bit early that day.  He'd been given the evening off, and though he initially protested, he was glad for it.  He hadn't been sleeping very well the past few days, but hoped that pattern would break soon.
'It's fine,' Sherlock assured him, face returning to one of near-fondness. 'My cousin's been keeping me company. I'm teaching him the violin.'
"Sherlock," he called in a quiet voice.  He rubbed Sherlock's back, trying to wake him without scaring him.  "Sherlock, wake up."
“Please, have a seat.” She gestured to the chairs in front of her desk.  “So, you must be Sherlock Holmes. I’ve heard about you. And Dr. Watson, of course. Now, my notes here indicate that you’re interested in the reconstruction of your vocal folds.”
Sherlock looked like he was thinking about it.  Who could escort him, other than John?  As if he'd let anyone else anyway.  He rolled his eyes and stuck out his elbow, creating a small gap for John to weave his arm through.
Of course that would be the first order of business.  Sherlock did as asked, exposing his neck for John to see.  There were two long, intersecting scars, pinkish and raised a bit from the rest of the skin, like hills gradually worn down by years of being traveled over.  Surgery could probably help it, but he doubted Sherlock would find that useful.
Sherlock turned, giving Donovan a quick glance before turning back to John and standing close.  He showed John the conversation.
"It was, I used to go with him on some of his cases.  Most of them, really, after we started living together.  It was amazing."
Once in the privacy of his own room, door shut and locked behind him, Sherlock fell to his knees.  He had to get out, he had to go somewhere, anywhere that wasn't here.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Sherlock quickly glance down to hide the slight twitch of lips.
"Don't you... I mean most people heard in the news..."  Then John remembered he never actually mentioned the man's name.  "He's Sherlock Holmes."
“Very good. Now, I’ve done some work in this area, but the success rate is relatively low, unfortunately. However, if I can get some scans done to see what kind of damage we’re dealing with, we can discuss your options. I’ll put in an order for some imaging. You can go to the lab whenever it’s convenient for you within the next week, and as soon as I get the results I will call you. Or, perhaps email would be best?”
'I am dangerous.  Any time a person comes within my field of vision, I instantly begin calculating the easiest, quietest way to kill them.  You are not an exception.  I must go.'
to him.  Not being able to talk wasn't just not having a voice.  He couldn't think without talking.  There were times when he needed absolute silence and there were times where he needed to talk everything out and not being able to do that left parts of his brain untouched for fear of overworking them.  If he could talk, he could come up with better solutions to his problems.
He still hadn't responded to John's text inquiring about his well-being. In fact, he'd received two more.
Sherlock was compelled to laugh.  But instead he walked over to him and scooped him up, smiling at the look of surprise on the boy's face.  He carried him inside, focusing on keeping his balance.
'You are not a danger to me.  I won't ever believe that.'  And if he were a threat to John, his best friend, then wouldn't he be a danger to a child he just met?  He didn't say that, though, for fear of him trying to push Dennison away as well.
'I want this to be over as soon as possible.' Sherlock typed the message out for him.  'I don't want to do this anymore.'
After keeping up with this schedule for only two weeks, he began to feel more in charge, more in control of himself. The rules weren't so strict so that he felt shackled and suffocated, but allowed for him to feel like he could make and execute his own decisions. He'd even stopped taking the sleeping pills, having found that it was easier to slow his brain down when he had someone else's breathing to focus on besides his own.
Sherlock put on his business face, a calculated contortion meant to appear indifferent.  Eyes just wide enough to show general humanity, lips straight and pressed together to appear patient, nostrils relaxed to imply calmness.
For the first hour, John tried to ignore it.  He cleaned, made tea, and spent some time on his computer.
There was really no need for him to sleep there if the one who wanted him there was already asleep, but John couldn't find any other reason not to stay. Especially when Sherlock looked up and gave him a tired smile.
After a few minutes of comfortable silence Sherlock wrote one final thing on the pad.  'I'm going to try to get some sleep.'
Sherlock sat in Mycroft's study, hands folded under his chin.  He just needed to breathe.  He hadn't realised how hard it was to breathe at home until he got outside.
"Would he do that?" The question was more for himself.  Sherlock wasn't usually the one to care whether he was inconveniencing anyone or not.  But, then again, Sherlock had changed since he and John first met.
Dennison watched with wide eyes as John pulled him close and tried to bring him out of wherever his head had taken him.  “Sherlock,” he said again, “Come on, come back to us.”
"Well, if you're doing something but not thinking about it, not paying attention, someone could get hurt."
'How soon can you get me to London?' As much as he loathed relying on his brother, Sherlock knew Mycroft was the best bet. A minute after he sent the text, he got a reply.
He'd worried about him so much before, when they ran around chasing criminals and seeking danger.  But he was starting to worry more than ever now.  He was so different, his lack of voice couldn't be the only thing causing him such pain.  Something else must have happened to him, and sometimes it seemed like Sherlock was about to tell him what it was.
It wasn't that hard for him to get what Sherlock was telling him.  "I'm gonna miss you too.  Are you sure you have to go?"  Sherlock's arms tightened around him and he felt him nod.  "Okay.  Then we'd better get some sleep.  Come on."
John awoke the next morning to the sound of a door closing.  Not quite a slam, but deliberately loud enough to cause him to stir.  He hurried out of his room in his pyjamas and flew down the steps, just in time to see Sherlock taking off his jacket.
John sighed.  He felt an ache in his stomach, and noticed an acidic taste in the back of his throat.  'He's taking advantage of you.'
Through the weeks John had managed to pick up some sign language, just a few words when Sherlock interacted with his brother, so Sherlock signed, 'I can't'.
He waited a few minutes.  He didn't know how he expected Sherlock to reply, but he didn't expect him to simply
But Dennison had gotten a bath and was now snoring lightly on his side of the bed. Sherlock sat next to him text chatting with John. They could have used their phones, but typing really was easier on a computer.
Hello! After almost a year of nothing, here is a new chapter of this story.  The number of chapters might change, as I've altered my outline quite a bit since returning to writing this.  I'll be posting chapters 20 and 21 tonight as well.
Thirteen minutes passed before he decided to text John.  However, just as he was about to begin typing, a text came from the very man he wanted to talk to.
This time Sherlock went out and immediately hunted Kyubey down and killed him. Or so he thought. He avoided John completely and didn’t go to school this time. He needed to avoid John Watson and only watched him from afar. The only direct contact they had was when he went there the night he woke up again to warn him.
“Wonderful, what’s going on now?” asked John who was getting really tired of all the crazy events that just kept happening.
“What… Why? Why is this happening? This can’t be how it ends!” Sherlock shouted in anguish. But there was no denying it. Even as he began to shake John’s lifeless body. John had turned into a witch. Then just like always Kyubey showed up just to push things forward and confirm what was already too late to avoid.
“I understand more or less why you told me all of this but why did you take me all the way out here?”
“I have to say John, this feeling I have now is pretty good. I feel a lot better, I even have more energy I think.”
“My dad he.. he… OH God Greg. He’s getting worse my my dad… they say. He’s just… got oh god.. ac couple more weeks.”
Luckily before those drastic measures had to be taken, Greg went to his window to find John down below.
After hailing a cab they left the city until they were on a dirt road. They got out of the cab after awhile when they reached an open field. The strange thing about the field was that there was a giant circular area where grass refused to grow. John left the cab first so that Sebastian
“I can’t. I know it’s selfish to say no now but just thinking about how she died and that no one will ever know what actually happened. It makes it so hard to even breathe.”
He walked with no real destination in mind but when he was more conscious of his surroundings he found himself outside of Irene’s flat. Damn, even when trying not to think of her he still wound up here. He thought about going inside and began climbing the steps but he thought better of it. He couldn’t get inside any way and it was a terrible idea. Turning to go who knows where he stopped. Sherlock was at the bottom of the steps waiting for him.
One year since Sherlock’s other consciousness merged within the new universe created self. The world was more or less the same, minus the existence of the contractors, incubators and witches. The world was the reality he had known before learning about all the other things and this time that reality was the only reality.
John was throwing pebbles at Greg’s window and wishing that he didn’t have to do something so childish but no one was answering the door and he knew for a fact that Greg was home. John was hoping that Greg would look outside before he had to throw a rock through his bedroom window but maybe the shock would do him some good.
John looked to the ground a little ashamed. Rolling his eyes Sebastian sat down taking out the food and motioned for John to join him. He brought fish and chips.
Sherlock was ignoring him, instead he walked over to John who was still looking in the direction Greg ran away.
Slowly but surely the weeks building up to Magnussen Sherlock became better at combat. He could feel it, this time with his help he would make sure that John Watson wouldn’t have to sacrifice himself to defeat Magnussen and up to a point he was right.
John’s eyes widened in recognition of him but he couldn’t believe the menacing tone he gave. He noticed that Sherlock was wearing some sort of strange outfits that was purple and had a cape. He also had a strange silver disk on his arm.
“That’s how this piece of shit works. He draws you in and it’s too late before you realize what you’ve actually done. Not to mention you-“
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he understood what John was asking. Nodding his head Sherlock’s own tears began to show. Taking out one of the stolen guns Sherlock pressed the muzzle against the John’s soul gem and pulled the trigger. He let out a tortured cry and the tears couldn’t be stopped, not even when he woke up again.
John ran down the street in the direction he thought the voice was coming from. It wasn’t until he turned into an ally that he saw not a person but a small animal, cat like thing but it wasn’t like any cat he had ever seen. It was badly wounded and john looked around for an owner or a person who had to be the one calling for help. Getting on his knees he tried to get a better look at the creature, hoping that it hadn’t already died.
“Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out eventually, Sherlock?  I saw the bandage that night... I didn't know what it was then but when Dennison mentioned the mirror and you got upset...When's the last time you did it?”
PLEASE READ: I'm posting multiple chapters at once! Please be sure to read the two before this if you haven't yet!  I posted three chapters instead of one longer one because I just felt it needed to be broken up more idk.  I'm sorry it's been longer than a week since I said I'd update.  Finals happened and I had to give up one of my jobs and I started my summer job and courses and it's been very hectic but! Here are three brand new chapters for your enjoyment.  Happy reading :)
Before Sherlock could refuse, Dennison stuck his arms in the air and shouted, “I'll do them with you! And John can too! We'll do them with you and then you won't feel silly.”
She frowned a bit.  "Erm, what have you got there?"  She peeked over into the papers and photos Sherlock was looking at.  It appeared to be some kind of unsolved murder case.  "Huh.  John said you were retired."
They'd continued to walk in silence until they reached the store.  John put a basket in Sherlock's hand.  Sherlock rolled his eyes but carried the basket as John pulled items from the shelves and placed them inside.
Sherlock released John and scooped up the child, spinning him around. He leaned himself against the counter, so the resulting dizzy spell wouldn’t knock him down.
There was a quiver to his voice. One didn't have to be Sherlock Holmes to know what it meant. He already suspected, had already prepared himself for the worst. And why shouldn't he, with no one telling him anything?
What compelled him to pick it up, he wasn't really sure.  It glistened in the otherwise dark bathroom, and glided across his skin like a smooth silk.  The razor seemed to cut through the cold fingers that had latched onto him.  He watched them shrink away, back into the floor, and some of the weight seemed to go away.  Just enough for his head to clear, enough so could see the blood dribbling out of his arm.
In the morning, after the usual ritual of having breakfast and stretching with John and Dennison, Sherlock experienced his first day away from his cousin since coming to Norway.
At last John had Sherlock in his grasp.  He could finally shout at him for leaving him alone, scream and yell about how one is supposed to treat their friends, give an entire presentation, complete with notecards and worksheets, on the difference between protecting someone and lying to them.
Two days later, Sherlock was dropping Dennison off with Mrs. Hudson while he went with John to his consultation with the plastic surgeon.
Sherlock Holmes was no coward.  But if this wasn't a trick, then perhaps the man was simply afraid of being rejected.  Or of annoying or angering John more than he already had.
John didn't like the idea of him leaving.  It couldn't be healthy for him to travel alone, to tear himself away from his only friend.  "Why can't Mycroft take care of it?" he asked, even though he was helping Sherlock pack.  He got no answer, but he wasn't really expecting one.  "How long do you think you'll be gone?"
“You can't just tell me they're away, that's what everyone keeps telling me. But no one tells me where they are, or when they're coming back. I know they do secret things that they can't tell anyone, but they've never been gone this long.”
One of the staff appeared and told them dinner was ready whenever they wanted to eat before moving down the hall to give Dr. Parson the same message.
“Sherlock, no matter how well he's adapting, is disabled now,” John explained, lowering his voice to a more acceptable level.  “He needs people to support him.  He needs me and Mrs. Hudson and Molly and Greg.  Not all at the same time, obviously, we don't want to overwhelm him.  But he even needs you because however misguided you seem to be it's obvious you do love him.  He needs to come
That point was only made clearer when Mrs. Hudson came through the door, a familiar young lady trailing behind her.
Sherlock had a harder time falling asleep.  He felt tired in his very bones but all he could think of was a conversation with Mycroft, many moons ago.
Dennison didn't look so sure, but something in Sherlock's eyes told him he needed him to do this. “Okay.” He walked back through the long hallway and disappeared around a corner.
Lighting the cig was so easy it may have been what he was born to do.  The taste was a bit off, not his usual brand, but the drag was long and smooth and while he concentrated every part of his brain on that one action, that one feeling, he could think of nothing else.
Sherlock nodded at John, who then answered, “But make sure to stay where we can see you, okay? Don’t go anywhere else without coming to get us, first.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. He knew that question had to come eventually. Why couldn't someone had told him right away what had happened. Why let him believe he would ever see them again? He was going to find out someday, and now Sherlock had to be the one to tell him.
'You learned to sign in four days?'  Though it had taken Sherlock around the same amount of time to learn, he was a bit surprised his cousin had the motivation to do so, given his age.
‘Stop, and really think about this,’ Sherlock interrupted him.  ‘You could stay here, with me. Or have two new parents who will love you very much.’
John was a bit startled by Sherlock's lack of fight, but he supposed it was something even Sherlock couldn't get out of.  "He said he sent a cab for you," he told him after hanging up.  "When will you be back?"
Occasionally his mind drifted to things he could do with Dennison to make him feel better.  Well, nothing would make him feel better for a while, but Sherlock didn't want him to think he was ever going to be alone.
After dinner, Dennison sat on Sherlock's bed playing with some plastic peopple while Sherlock sat beside him working on his laptop.  He thought it was about time to put Dennison to bed when he got a text.
John reached out, slowly so Sherlock would see and not be startled when a hand touched his back.  He watched Sherlock's face soften, eyes drift closed for just a second.  Sherlock had a tendency to flinch or defend himself at the threat of being touched.  But it was no secret, at least between them, that despite what Sherlock had said at first, John was an exception.  There was no way to rationalise how he seemed to relax anytime John reached out to steady him or pulled him in for a hug.
John must have read the letter fifty times before setting it on the kitchen table, having forgotten all about the tea he'd made.  The cup sat by his elbow, cold.
“Oh,” John said as Sherlock wrapped him up. He hugged him back though, with an almost childish giggle. “Feeling better then?”
Of course he assumed Sherlock had killed them.  But he hadn't actually realised that he had killed them.  He was the one who stopped the killing, or made sure the killer got punished.  And now he was the killer.  Ten, a hundred, a thousand times over?
And just as he would feel himself growing cold, slipping away from the touch of John’s careful fingers, he’d wake with a gasp
In his dreams, though, it was John he came to in the dead of night.  Neck bleeding out, held together only by a quickly dampening bandana.  His feet were pricked by thorns from running for miles and miles until he finally crashed into 221B.
"It's a bit rude, though," she continued.  "You could try to get to know me.  But you won't even talk to me.  Instead you pass me a note like we're schoolchildren."
That was when he noticed he had no blanket covering him. He checked the floor to see if he had kicked it off, as this was not unusual for him since he had a habit of being restless even in sleep. But it wasn't on the floor. Then he remembered Dennison had decided to spend the night with him, so Sherlock looked the other way.
Sherlock leaned away from him, eyes fixed in a downward stare, head turned slightly away.  To John he looked like a child who'd been scolded for spilling his milk.
“Ah.” John didn't have to know any more. Sherlock's comfort around children would have surprised most people, but not John. He knew why Sherlock had his reservations around them, of course. Despite his normal lack of concern for how people see him, he does know most people see him as a threat, especially to youth. Neither of them knew why, really, but Sherlock tended to keep his distance from them and John never said anything about it. “That's nice. His parents giving you any trouble?”
“He’s been acting like he’s not scared, but he is. I can tell. I didn’t want anyone to know I was scared when my mom and dad went missing. But I was.”
The anger John had been feeling toward Mycroft flared up again. He was the biggest reason Sherlock, one of the most intelligent people on the planet, didn't understand what was happening to him. Because Sherlock did have emotions, he just never learned how to recognise and categorise them. 'You feel responsible. And yes, maybe you could have been more prepared. But that doesn't change the fact that you were a victim.'
John stood, hands on hips, posture perfect, and paced.  "How.  How is that for the best?"  As he passed Sherlock, he grabbed the phone that was offered to him.
John sighed and scratched his neck.  He knew something like that was going to happen eventually.  The only thing that surprised him was that it took this long.
But it wasn't his brain that woke him in the middle of the night. It was the slight chill, the small shivers running through his body.
John caught him at the waist, Sally at the elbow.  Sherlock's body stiffened at the touch and Sally pulled away.
From the cabinet he pulled some antiseptic and tried to wash the cut.  The bleeding slowed but didn't stop, so he put a gauze pad over it and wrapped it securely with some bandage.
He didn't mind crowded buildings, but a plane was different. Too many people in one small area, and none of them willing to talk to him.
John didn't know what it was like to be practically trapped in your own head, but he knew it could be dangerous.  And with a mind like Sherlock Holmes, he was bound to get lost once in a while.
'I already said why.  You came back.  And you're my friend, and I know why you left.  And now, I have to trust that you'll make better decisions in the future, that you've learned from your mistakes.  What kind of friend would I be if I just gave up on you?'
Sherlock looked down at him, trying to look like he wasn't going to fall for it this time.  But he knew Dennison wouldn't eat unless he did, so he picked up a piece of toast, took a bite, and looked back at him to see if that was acceptable.
“Oh... that's good.” He looked to Sherlock for an explanation, but Sherlock avoided his gaze. So he looked down to Dennison again. “It's good to finally meet you in person.”
Sherlock reached out an arm and drew him into an awkwardly angled hug, holding him close to his chest.
"But he can communicate.  Talking would be faster and easier, yeah, but he's adapting.  He writes, or texts, or uses sign language, or even uses a touch to communicate something.  His lack of voice isn't the only problem, and I can't help him without knowing what else he's been thinking about.  And I know he gave you permission to answer any question I had.  So tell me.  What else happened to him while he was out there."
"I'm... sorry," John said.  "It must have slipped my mind.  I'm so used to it..."  This was probably it for Mary.  Though he did consider it an almost success, as she would break up with him because of something he'd done, not something Sherlock had done.
"You're really pushing the limits here, you know that?  You realise you could die, Sherlock.  Without enough sleep and solid food you'd just... stop, after a while."  The room was full of a heavy silence until John closed his eyes.  "Oh, god, tell me that is not what you're doing."
This routine worked fairly well for Sherlock. The three of them would stretch together every morning and most nights before bed. Combined with keeping in constant contact with John via text and eating at least one meal a day at Dennison's insistence, it gave him an almost tangible handle on his life.
They were halfway through their meals when Dr. Parson arrived.  He sat at his normal spot at the other end of the table with his usual professional smile on his face.
But when John entered, he didn't see his flatmate.  Not on the sofa, not in his chair.  Not in the kitchen.  Not in the bathroom.  Not in his own bedroom, or John's bedroom.  He went down to Mrs. Hudson, to see if maybe Sherlock was with her.
John laughed. “Of course. We've got to so we can take care of you. Come on, stretch. You have to or you'll get stiff and sore.”
“Well, I, er… just wanted to say that I’m glad to see you again, Sherlock. Really.  And we could always use your help, you know. I’d be happy to translate for you. Maybe I could even teach Dr. Watson some sign language.”
Sherlock stood up, ready to take him inside before the drizzle turned into a downpour, but Dennison got up and started jumping in the muddy puddles that had begun to form.
They took separate cabs, since they were heading in opposite directions.  She saw him off with a kiss.
He wondered if John would end up with Mary permanently.  He didn't really know much about her, but she seemed good.  A teacher.  Smart, compassionate.  Not necessarily better than the others, but better than Sherlock.
Her quiet anger confused him more until, with the heaviness from last night beginning to return, he realised what must have happened.
John blinked at the words on the screen.  Of course Sherlock was allowed to keep this to himself.  Something so intimate and personal, especially for someone so alien to feeling.  But that didn't stop the bit of anger tingling just beneath his skin.  "Fine."  He stood and went into the kitchen.  All he wanted to do was help, but if Sherlock wouldn't let him then it was his problem.
That was something they hadn't discussed.  Mary had only met him that once, and John didn't normally talk about him to his girlfriends.
"I didn't want to wake you but I think you should eat something.  Then you can go back to sleep if you want."
He wasn't sure if it was the absoluteness of the silence in the room or the weight of the gazes he could feel on him, but Sherlock found himself starting to tip forward as a rush of dizziness whirled through him.
Sherlock wasn't the only one who could spot a lie. John knew Mycroft was far more powerful than he claimed. Easily powerful enough to remove Dr. Parson, at least fire him.
Sherlock never found what he was looking for. He'd known it was a long shot; of course Mycroft had found a way to take it away from him.
He looked at Sherlock to relay Mycroft's message.  "Did you have some kind of family meeting planned with Mycroft tonight?"
The pills Sherlock took to help him sleep were good at getting him through the initial stages. Though he was usually good enough at that himself, able to put himself to sleep as easily as flipping a light switch.
Sherlock flicked his hand through the air to say he understood.  His last thoughts before pushing himself into a deep sleep were
The honest admission caught John off guard.  He was used to Sherlock being more honest with him than anyone else but with the way he'd been pulling away recently, he was never sure what to expect.
The voice belonged to a woman about an inch shorter than John, with light brown hair to her shoulders and a pair of black-framed glasses sitting on her nose.
John's face tightened.  'Oh.  What's different? Do you have feelings for him?  Because that would be a different story.  It's still unethical, but different.'
Dennison gave a small nod and a big smile.  “I know,” he said.  “You're going to teach me to play the violin.”
At that, Sherlock finally turned around.  A few steps forward and he was, for the first time since his return, actually looking at John.  He studied his face, and he saw it all.  The hurt, the fear, and the anger being the most prevalent of emotions displayed there.
In all of one second a hundred and one images flashed in John's head like an outdated projector, sticking and whining as the slide carousel danced around and around.  He saw Sherlock on the roof, on the ground, drifting through the air like a feather in the wind.  He recalled the Sherlock of his nightmares, split open and sewn up so he looked like a poor, weathered rag doll.  The Sherlock of his daydreams, standing by his bedside, wings spread out and glowing more radiant than the sun.
He pushed himself off his chair and dragged himself to the bathroom.  He looked in the mirror behind the sink and he could see them, gravity's arms, fingers like spider legs, almost mechanical as they closed around any part of him they could reach.
“I love rain!” he shouted and started to run around the yard.  He didn't go far, mostly opting to run himself in circles, waving his hands above his head.
He'd seen Sherlock's ghost last week.  But as it turned out, it wasn't his ghost, but the man himself.  Alive and breathing in the doorway of 221B.
John sat up, releasing Sherlock's hand from his.  "Okay.  I'm staying up for a bit.  I'm here if you need me."
John wondered why Sherlock hadn't told him.  He and his brother weren't exactly close, and John was his friend.  And though everyone was entitled to their secrets, he had to wonder why Sherlock neglected to mention this when he'd been so honest about everything else.  Emotions weren't as foreign to him as they once were and-  this was probably why.
John chuckled before walking over to Sherlock and returning his phone.  "How long have you been awake?"
“Oh, don’t mind me,” John said. “I think I might just blog about how the great consulting detective has lost his edge because he’s afraid of going to the doctor.”
John returned a minute later, out of his daywear and into his pyjamas.  He entered Sherlock's room and shut the door behind him, stumbling in the dark as he pulled the blanket and some pillows off Sherlock's bed.
They came up on a park with a few other children and Dennison pointed. “Look! Can I go? Can I go play?”
"Why?"  John was sure there were a million other things Sherlock could have thought about.  What made him so important?
In that moment Sherlock felt like a small child.  Hugs had been a necessary evil then, and were an unwelcome gesture now, but he patted John's back.
“Erm, sure.” He kissed the boy’s cheek and watched him close his eyes to go to sleep.  He and Sherlock left the room and closed the door behind them. Sherlock leaned against the door.
In the quiet Sherlock tried to gather his thoughts, to fill his head with music rather than the shadows that currently resided there.
Sherlock took his time to think out what he wrote.  'I need time away.  My head isn't right, lately.  And my cousins need someone to oversee things due to a recent event, so Mycroft is sending me in hopes that it will make me better.'
John was finding it difficult to actually type out the words he needed.  Probably because he wasn't entirely sure how he was feeling about his news himself, but anyone in this situation might react similarly.  'She's pregnant.'  He sent the text, feeling a tingle in his fingertips as he tapped the buttons.  Then he sent another.  'Well, she might be.  We have an appointment soon.'
“Uh no…I-I thought there was a shortage…” John blanched only slightly (he noted with a hint of pride) as she inserted the needle and filled tube after tube with gentle, smooth motions. She really was very good; John hoped she was only an innocent employee and not involved in the deaths of the young men.
John woke in a cold sweat, blinking up at the ceiling as shadows and unwanted memories danced about the room. The dream was vague, but that didn’t mean it hadn’t been terrifying - the kind of gripping fear that seized the lungs with paralysis like he’d never breathe again.
The Alpha’s strong baritone almost echoed in the room, and John revelled in it, thinking it had been far too long since he’d heard that beautiful voice. It called to him almost, like a siren song, like a melody he’d forgotten but now remembered with more than a little fondness.
, a syringe or - or morphine. Possibly he had a narcotic even stronger (hydromorphone); something other than the mess of tourniquets, tape and gauze he'd thought would be more useful. If Patterson made it out of here alive, he'd probably lose his legs.
You want an apology.” He declared, bringing his hands down to his sides, face twisting in an absurd Eureka-like revelation that was both laughable and heartrendingly brittle.
Sherlock did not respond; though he appeared a bit deflated, his previous zeal for the situation dampened and weak.
His flat disappeared completely, leaving nothing but the chemical stench of the chlorine. He was swimming in it, choking on it, and it
Hmmm…there might be a better word for it somewhere – chair – perhaps? His current lack of grasp on the English language was
As you can see I have updated the rating to E, which I am very excited about! This is like, a fan fic writer rite of passage, I think! In any case, enjoy!!!! Please comment or kudos if you wish. Constructive criticism is also nice, I am still learning after all.
Sherlock spat, as if his brother’s name itself was something odious and distasteful. It seemed he was over his initial bout of confusion, “I thought you were supposed to be analysing the data from John’s infiltration, or were you side-tracked by a delicious slice of pie?”
I am thinking about maybe doing some commission work (maybe)...but I'm not exactly sure how that will go. It's just a thought, but if anyone is interested, hit me up and we'll see if it's something I can do. In any case, love ya'll!
“It’s finally happened,” he whispered with ill-contained excitement, “there can be no mistaking the genetic markers.”
But Sherlock remained relatively healthy, well, as healthy as one man can be who considers lemon curd on toast a significant meal and insists that breathing consumes enough residual water vapour from the air to prevent dehydration.
The waves of the pool surged and crashed against the concrete, the vaporous swirls of steam forming and fading away – the hint of gunpowder.
“Do you want to see all your work gone to waste?” Moran interrupted, stepping into her personal space, “or do you want your John Watson?”
.” His tone was low and defeated as he sat in the reclining chair, feet curled in towards one another on the floor, soles touching.
And then it hit him, squarely in-between the eyes, a scent absolutely overwhelming in its intensity. It was chocolate, vanilla, patchouli, sandalwood, and every other exotic spice he had ever scented in those far-away Afghani markets. She was an Omega, and she was perfection.
“Goodbye, Molly,” he ended the conversation as abruptly as it began, sliding into the darkened cab interior and simultaneously bringing up the text window on his mobile.
IMA: It’s Miss, please…and I was only thinking of the well-being of dear REDACTED. How is our exceedingly handsome REDACTED doing?
“Oh Jesus yes,” John answered, even though it wasn’t truly a question. He ran his rough hands up and over Sherlock’s straining thighs, quivering now at the effort at maintaining restraint, before making his way quickly to the man’s perfectly long neck. There he ran his hands into those decadent, richly sable curls and
The bright whiteness of the hallway was almost blinding compared to the shadowy interior of Dr. Adler’s office. It took him a long moment to adjust, and he limped his way down the hallway towards the reception area.
Sherlock pulled the chair closer, sliding it noiselessly across the floor before he sat on the edge, taking all of John in in one long sweep from head to blanket covered toes.
John had never felt so loved, so royally fucked, and claimed (let’s not mince words here), and so consumed in one session of fucking in his entire life. Granted, he didn’t have much experience to compare it to, but he was sure that sex with Sherlock Holmes was never nothing short of extraordinary, just like the man himself.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me a moment, I’m going to gather the first week’s supply of your medication. Don’t worry, I’ll be quick.” She exited through an adjoining door just off the way from the desk, still not bothering to put on any footwear.
I promise one chappie full of mad sexytimes next because, well, that is all that is left of this story. LOL!!
That was a blow, and John shifted the phone from his left hand to right, clenching his fist to stop the sudden tremors in his dominant hand.
Another unwelcome rush of nerves accompanied that last thought. Would John really prefer to remain homeless rather than live with him? Would Sherlock let him? As much as he wanted to respect the man’s wishes, he really couldn’t stomach the thought of allowing him to remain a drifter, wasting away with the ruffians underneath that horrid, crumbling bridge.
The sensation was beyond words, as if someone was taking a long, desert dry piece of sandpaper and dragging it through his sinus cavities. He gagged, feeling nothing but an excess of saliva and bile work its way up his throat.
The blond stared at the taller man, absolutely dumbfounded. Here he sat, his right thigh a dull ache in comparison to the maelstrom of thoughts in his head. It wasn’t that he was unsure of the depth of Sherlock’s feelings for him, it was simply that he had no idea that under those Byronic curls and effortlessly sculpted cheekbones, Sherlock could hide such devastatingly deep insecurities. And then John had to wonder, was Sherlock loved enough as a child? Was he happy before he met John?
He threw a few crumpled notes to the cabbie and let himself out into the damp night, avoiding the ruts and puddles forming tiny topographical formations down the lane. It wasn’t long before several sudden flashes of light echoed off the low-placed plashets, instantly grabbing his attention.
The drive home took longer than expected, and John couldn’t help but clench his jaw impatiently. All he wanted was to go home, possibly drink some tea, and certainly find comfort in his oft-infuriating but always wonderful mate.
James stayed inside him for several moments, caressing and squeezing John’s softening and overly sensitive cock. The Omega laughed low in his throat, realizing it was all his fault that they couldn’t relax and lay down on the cot now, or enjoy the afterglow without laying in a rapidly cooling puddle of his own semen.
John felt a familiar squeezing sensation grip his chest. So, this was how it was going to go? His date was over before it even began? He barely held in a resigned sigh and withdrew his worn wallet from the left back pocket of his trousers. Removing the small plastic card, he handed it over to the man, unable to return his gaze.
The bungalow looked just as dismal and derelict as John had left it. The Omega (and his small little band of constituents) had had a long and difficult discussion concerning squatting in the abandoned building and how to do it safely. While none of them were overly concerned with being hassled or put out, they wished to keep the bungalow a bit of a secret for as long as they could (the rest of the bridge crew would eventually find out, to be sure, but John wasn’t entirely keen on having 20 or so squatters in a house meant to comfortably fit only five).
“Yeah, I’m not sure I’m comfortable with that.” Lestrade spoke directly over Sherlock, taking a step towards the Omega at the same time. He ran his eyes up and down John, much like that Alpha woman did earlier, and clearly found something in John wanting.
Jeremy was behind the desk as John entered the makeshift waiting room; though the young man appeared stiff and quite ill-at-ease. He greeted John with a harried smile and told him to wait just a few moments. The fluorescent lights inside the room were making John’s head ache even more than he previously thought possible. He reminded himself once again that he had to make this quick.
Mycroft was more than happy to leave. Dr. Barrymore was probably the least affable man he’d ever met, and as the unofficial leader of the United Kingdom, he’d met with a great deal of boorish characters in his time.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he answered, the almost unnoticeable tremor in his voice the only hint as to the near fight he had just recovered from, “…yes, I said I would be there. I know time is of the essence, for God’s sake Lestrade; I’m not one of your idiotic team members. I said I will be there and I will be there,” a pause, to which Sherlock sighed impatiently, “then tell Anderson to keep his incompetent paws away from the body until I get there. I’m leaving now. Yes. Fine.”
The man shrugged, his left shoulder releasing a sharp twinge of pain as he did so, “I’m not sure really. I don’t want to get my hopes up. Maybe I’ll…meet someone, start a new life, maybe build a new family,” thoughts of Sherlock filled his mind’s eye. What would it be like to be with a man such as him? Would his life be full of excitement and mystery, or would the apex Alpha soon grow bored and move on to the next scintillating new puzzle? No, Sherlock deserved someone more like Irene, someone perfect and interesting, “I don’t see them much anyway, both my parents died when I was medical school, and my sister frequents the jailhouse nearly as often as she frequents the local pubs. I’d be surprised if she even realized I still existed. I guess they care as much about me now as they did then…which is not much at all.”
John swung his gaze from Sherlock’s arresting countenance to Mycroft, an incredulous expression transforming his already mobile face. “Hang on!
Even after a week, and even after a round of intravenous antibiotics and one miserable steroid shot to the fleshiest part of his bum, his nasal passages still refused to obey and cease their incessant, hateful swelling.
Edward ran his hand over the back of John’s head, the sandy blonde hair filtering through his wide fingers. The touch was gentle, almost loving as he straddled his legs over John’s backside, rubbing his crotch just enough to give himself a bit of friction. A disgusting moan rumbled through his chest and he leaned forward, running his long, thick tongue against John’s neck, directly over his underdeveloped scent glands.
“Sarah, I need you to take a look at Marcus and make sure he’s alright. I know you’ve had some medical training in the past, like me, and I know he’ll do what you tell him.” John ignored Sherlock’s querying expression and took a moment to rummage around in one of the smaller pockets on his large duffel. It was stuffed to the gills with first aid supplies: gauze, cotton balls, antibiotic ointment, and the like. He pulled out a choice few things and placed them in her small hands. It took her a minute to realize John spoke to her again, and she had to pull her eyes away from Sherlock with obvious effort. John realized, in the back of his mind, that he was glad for his latent Omega genetic status, if being a Formed Omega meant one would drool and moon about an apex Alpha like puberty stricken schoolgirl. Yes, Sherlock obviously smelled amazing, but Sarah really needed to get ahold of herself before she said or did something wholly embarrassing.
She must have caught the look on his face because she cleared her throat, catching his attention fully.
“What are these?” She asked, turning her head towards John, the tail end of her ponytail catching on her shoulder.
He backed away from the door, a sharp spear of unease and panic making a subtle live current buzz throughout the nerves of his body.  What the hell was he supposed to do now? John was a doctor and a military man, he didn’t have the expertise to break out of this room. Even if he did, he
The hand that clutched at the knotted towel ached, and it was a tense moment before he realized his muscles were so contracted that he could no longer feel his fingers. This unconscious, forced tetany had a stranglehold on almost his whole body, and he finally exhaled with explosive force. It was difficult to drag in another lungful of air without an accompanying sob, but he managed it after all.
He sat up stiffly, letting the sleepless night work itself out of his shoulder. With the flexing of his abdomen, an accompanying twinge of pain awoke fiercely in his right hip.  He winced, and sucked in a breath through his teeth before he could help himself. The long-embedded shrapnel made itself known early today, probably because all of the extra weight it bore throughout the night. Some days were better than others, and he supposed today wouldn’t be one of them.
Strangely (or perhaps not so), little was mentioned about the incident while he was in the recovery ward. No one seemed inclined to answer any questions related to, or even remotely leaning towards, why he awoke screaming the name ‘John.’ If Sherlock hadn’t been concerned with splitting headaches and recovery issues of his own, he would have pressed the matter with his own particular brand of tenacity. As it was, he was having more trouble merely tending to his own personal needs to care.
The man on other side brightened audibly. “Of course! I just need to take a few bits of information and schedule an initial consultation and we’ll be all set. Your full name, please?”
John narrowed his eyes, continuing to listen and becoming somewhat engrossed in her tale. “And what was that exactly?”
Brandy moved a hand over her belly, eyes going cloudy. “My husband was an apex. They can be…” she frowned as she hunted for the right word, “…persuasive. Dangerous.”
“Wait a minute. I remember these. Actually, I think I’ve seen these around for a while. It’s not completely unheard of for scientists and adventurous types to make their way down here, trying to get some of the more desperate of us to participate in…in well, whatever they need us for, studies and the like, I suppose. I’ve never done it myself, but I know a few who have. It can be easy money, and cash only, in hand.” He frowned at the paper, peering down at its coffee-ringed, dirty surface. The company name, Warumomo, was printed in emboldened letters across the top, and didn’t ring a bell.
The brunet couldn’t help but smile at that, breaking the stoic and impassive mask that had settled on his face and making him look at least five years younger (but entirely too much like his brother). When he spoke again, each word was carefully chosen and carefully controlled. These were prepared words.
. This was lovely. John was certain he was dreaming now, and heaven help whatever hapless fool that made the mistake of waking him up.
Sherlock struggled against the cords and tubes haphazardly wrapped around his body, finally managing to pull away the plastic facemask, revealing his nose and mouth to the sterile air.
“I know what I promised, but you must know the chances were…astronomical. Sebastian was already getting antsy, wanting to end everything
He breathed in deeply, allowing a look of terror and utter helplessness to overtake his frame. He became at once smaller, broken, and stammering. The physical and emotional transformation was exceptional, and worthy of a BAFTA or two, at least.
“Q-Quiet…they’ll hear,” the Omega panted, feeling the sweat dampened sheets wrinkle and flex beneath his clenched hands. He was close, it never did take him very long, he once learned in gender studies that Omega’s (even those Unformed) were obscenely sensitive, after all. But he hadn’t any prior penetrative experience to compare up until a few weeks ago; Major Sholto had been his first.
“We’ll have to clean it up of course. I’ll ask Brandy and Julia if they can gather up some cleaning supplies later. I need to go to the day centre today though, can’t be helped.” He disliked the centre immensely, and only took advantage of its services because he couldn’t find another alternative he could afford. Some of the workers there looked at John a little too oddly for his liking. When John was in medical school, he managed to hide his gender quite well, even going so far as procuring a fake ID that labeled him a simple beta (no tendencies, a perfect neutral on the A/B/O Gender spectrum).
He broke down, left hand gripping the side of Marcus’s coffin, knuckles white against the polished walnut.
He had never been in Sherlock’s flat without the man also in attendance. It was…strange, to say the least. The place felt sterile, and a little hollow without the presence of the Alpha who essentially gave the flat its life. John shook his head fiercely, reminding himself that this was not the time to wax poetic, he was here on business, in more ways than one.
At this point, John had managed to stuff down his life-changing revelation into a little red ball in the pit of his stomach. He would deal with all this later, no need to complicate things now.
made from such an apparatus would be questionable at best. If he was more of a science-minded man he might consider taking a small sample and forwarding it to Sherlock – he might do, actually, if the young man continued on with his (relatively) good behaviour.
He wheezed and grimaced, forcing himself through the pain and fire in his belly, only just managing to stay upright. It was only when John no longer felt the threat of the gun to the back of his head that he realized they were no longer alone.
John slipped his mobile quietly into the left front pocket of his jeans, limping over to his chair as he did so. He had more than his fair share of patients today, and he’d looked forward to a small amount of peace until Sherlock decided to darken his doorway.
He watched her reflection in the glass, saw her nod and turn round, heading back from whence she came. Her long, sable hair fell like a silken curtain past her neck, the subtle wind from her movement lifting single strands to float away from her face and hover like a cloud about her shoulders.
to be going on. He was having trouble sleeping, feeling hot and then cold, emotions going haywire, low grade fever…
He wanted someone to explain to him why there was gauze packing in his face, why his head felt so stuffed full that every time he swallowed it throbbed and created a vacuum in his head, and why the procedure involved his face at all when it was supposed to be an implant in his
Sherlock leered at the young man next to him, irritated that, in the end, it was Mycroft who was in charge of the John Rescuing Operation (as he called it in his mind). A longer glance, and a well-timed inhale, concluded that this man was a Beta (more or less neutral, but leaning towards Omega tendencies), with two cats and a, quite frankly, terrible case of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
“He had his own ridiculous sense of humour I found fascinating. He was...unmatched in his Sentinel abilities. Really, he was extraordinary, quite extraordinary. I tried to put my foot down, of course, but in the end he managed to persuade me. I think I should have put up more of a fight...but the past is the past.”
Let me just say that writing Sherlock's POV, while fun, is a wee bit difficult. Especially deductions, my god, how do Mofftiss do it???
John took a few steps back, his trainers crushing the grass under his feet. He shifted his bag back onto right shoulder. “I don’t-I don’t know Ed. What does it matter? Just, leave me alone.”
POLICE: Need I remind you that you are in our custody, and as such must answer all questions truthfully until such time as a solicitor is required.
didn’t need this right now. His stiff-backed reserve was wearing thin, and truth be told, he wasn’t entirely sure if he had the strength of will to completely resist the apex Alpha.
There is some dialogue from the show(s) here, and they are probably not word for word, but that is okay. I just needed them to make some points. Please kudos or comment if you wish, I love it. Not beta'd or brit-picked, though I do try to keep a British "voice" to it!
“Did he?” the younger Holmes sniped, looking upwards, watching his reflection in the dull metal of the lift ceiling. “He does tend to be a bit dramatic. He also tends to poke his fat nose into things which aren’t his business.”
that still clambered about in his brain. It didn’t matter how much he regretted everything he’d done, every decision he made, even ones made in good faith. He replayed every test, every genome match, and in the end, the procedure had still gone so very, horribly wrong.
John laid on the grass, though he rolled over to his side, clutching at his forearms and finally letting his tears fall unhindered down his reddened and grass-stained cheeks. He cried uncontrollably. He tried to stop, he really did. But he couldn’t. He just
The trained officers swarmed in first, fanning out and into the building with military-like ease. Sherlock and Murray came behind them, less interested in securing the premises as they were in reaching John and extracting him, unharmed, from the warehouse. It was their mission, after all.
POLICE: In a moment.  Also present with me is REDACTED, who will be fielding the majority of the questions.
So I am so sorry this chapter took so long! I simply agonized over the first scene until I felt it was right. I hope you all like it as it is my first foray into actual smut. Props to all of you who do this on a regular basis, because it was difficult for me. Hopefully, it will become easier as time goes on, because I plan on lots more smut before this story is done.
The Omega returned his laugh and smiled softly.  After a long moment, he sighed. “I need to think about this Sherlock. I mean, what exactly are you asking of me?”
The next morning dawned bright and clear. It did nothing for John’s mood. A black cloud had descended upon the doctor and would not dissipate.
Sherlock was nonplussed. What the hell was a stranger doing here in his mind palace? And why did she look so worried? Her presence was – was extremely unwelcome and uncalled for. How
The man who shuddered and grunted behind him (droplets of tangy perspiration dribbling from his chest onto the blond’s back), ran his rough hands down along his sides, wrapping each sweaty palm around his hips to pull him backwards roughly. It was a better angle now, he realized, feeling each delicious searing thrust into his backside; and with a short drop of his shoulders, each and every pump of his hips and every press of the man’s stone-hard length tapped the tender gland nestled underneath the base of John’s cock.
cruel, but nothing would come of it. Just another reason why there was so much pressure on Omegas to be fertile and reproduce, and another reason why Unformed latent Omegas were so stigmatized. All this nonsense about starting a family, going through Formation, finally giving his due to society just about did his head in as a child, and threatened to do just the same as an adult. Those ridiculous gender studies classes in secondary school were partly to blame for his apathetic and frankly avoidant attitude towards his half-gender.
Sherlock tensed a quick moment, and then moved west, towards the last remnants of the small, percussive blast.
“Is it true?” The blond said, slowly rolling on his belly and sliding his knees underneath him, almost mimicking the classic presentation pose so associated with good little Omegas. He heard rather than saw the man’s respiration rate increase, his gaze now artfully downcast and submissive.
The man slowly removed his finger from John’s mouth, wrinkly and now thick with his own saliva. The Omega bemoaned the loss, but quickly fell prey to his passion and lust-addled panting once more. His chest was tight with desire, with a need he didn’t even realize he had anymore. He had spent so long denying all of his baser urges, but now he
A change came over Mrs. Chandler’s face, a sudden brightening of the eyes, and she smiled. “I think that would be nice, don’t you Robert? I’d like to hear about Marcus’s time with you as well, John.”
“I do feel awful, yeah. I think I’ve had a bit of a reaction to the flu jab you gave me a couple days ago. Been feeling a little…unwell…ever since then.”
I might have a few epilogues for this story, but this is basically it. The culmination of almost a year's worth of sexual tension! LOL!
abandon a story, I did seriously consider putting this one on hiatus for a while. But then I thought, no way! I love writing this fic so much, and I wouldn't be able to trust myself to pick it back up again if I stopped.
“Doesn’t matter. Just thought I’d stop by for a chat.” Jim smiled ever so slightly, cat-like, his wild eyes alive and yet somehow so vacant, disturbed.
Sherlock tensed as the smaller man’s expression shuttered. The glow behind his eyes dimmed and John looked troubled now. The Alpha appeared stricken, swallowing nervously like someone who had said entirely too much.
Brandy nodded in agreement, she looked exhausted after all was said and done. John could only sympathize with the Formed Omega, he would never actually go through a pregnancy himself so empathy was out of the question, always would be.
With a whimper born of badly suppressed emotion, John swung his right arm around to grasp and grope the air, searching for the head the lips he currently suckled must be attached to. He was rewarded with a handful of silky, short, riotously curled hair, though he knew not what colour. It didn’t matter; he wove his fingers through the satiny strands once, then clenched, painfully pressing the head to his own, deepening the kiss and evoking another startled moan from the shadowy man.
He swore he thought he saw Marcus smile, even a little, before his body let go completely, eyelids half-closed against the storm.
Sherlock held John’s right hand loosely, then brought his left hand up to flatten out the palm and splay the Omega’s fingers apart. There he dipped his nose, running it along the fleshy, sensitive curve between John’s thumb and index finger, inhaling, his mouth slightly open as if taking in his scent as to taste it.
Sherlock lifted the mobile to his ear in one elegant sweep, still not taking his jewelled eyes off the Omega sat across from him.
“I don’t understand,” the Omega couldn’t help but let a bit of righteous anger colour his words, “how dare you -”
“If you were to go to most of these establishments documented here, you’d probably find their delivery area quite limited, or that they do not deliver at all. For London, this is normal, not unusual at all, but for our investigation, it’s quite telling. But what exactly does it
The oft-reserved Omega flushed quite vividly (she really could not get her blushing under control today), immediately freezing and unable to hide the wide smile that threatened to cramp her cheek muscles, “you - you…think, you said – you –”
“Yes, hello, um…my name is John and I was looking, um…” he fidgeted unconsciously, clearing his throat, “I was interested in the fertility study? I um, saw it on a flyer, can you help me?”
“I could,” and Sherlock smiled, his first real smile since he’d been forced into this horrid place, “I could fix it for you.”
, not far off from behind Molly. She swung her head round at the sound, messy brain flopping against her back.
The worst part of it all was that he was about to do it again. He was about to donate again, and heaven help him but he was petrified.
That was all Sherlock could take. With a grunt he lunged away from the table, both large hands splayed to catch his Omega, until John swung round effortlessly and entangled both his wrists in the belt loop, swinging the man round into the far wall next to the hallway. Sherlock thudded, back against the wall, as John leaned in and scented his Alpha, running his nose up his neck for only a moment, until leaping away from an enraged Sherlock.
“Yes, but no longer.” John rubbed at his temples. “You can imagine my surprise. I had no idea what to do, there was no precedent, you see, and I was one hundred percent opposed to the idea. I’d hoped it was simply an infatuation; these things can sometimes happen after working so closely with someone but...no. He was more than eager to show me how wrong I was in that assumption.”
A few weeks later, as he made his way across the empty rugby pitch late after school, things got immeasurably worse.
The nausea and pains from the past day and a half seemed to fade away as John gathered all his energy on this one wild, mad dash. He leapt away from the door, his phone dropping from his hand and feet thudding against the wooden floor across the living room. He paid no attention to the noises behind him as he rounded a dividing wall into the kitchen. The blond could only hear his own breath, loud and stuttering in his ears as he gripped the handle of the back door and flung the door open wide.
John frowned, only just now realizing just how much his gender change had affected his love. He remembered quite clearly the rather well-endowed female Alpha who’d practically thrown herself at John at the local Tesco. If he hadn’t been so taken aback, he might have felt amused, or flattered. Rarely in his past had someone attempted such an open and outward interest in seducing him, and if they did, it wasn’t usually because he was an Omega. But that…that
Trudi didn’t say anything at first, only bit at her own cherry red bottom lip as she drew tube after tube of blood, four total. She was remarkably efficient, as before, and when she was done, placed a small plaster at the puncture site.
She smiled and dabbed at her eyes once more. “This is my husband Robert, and my youngest son, Theo. We’re all so grateful you came. After Marcus disappeared, we thought we’d never –”
“You must be John.”  A gruff voice sounded above the Doctor. It had a thick eastern London flair to it, and John looked up to meet the brown eyes of the older Beta Sherlock had been speaking to earlier, “Sherlock told me about you, some kind of doctor, he said. You responsible for the uh…” he motioned to his own face, putting a thick finger just underneath his left eye, referencing the remnants of the little tussle he had had with Sherlock earlier that morning. John nodded gamely, looking back at the detective, who was still taking in the body and didn’t bother to raise his head towards the man.
Sally Donovan never did take Sherlock up on his offer. Nor did she apologize for dumping the dubious curry the Cottage offered as “food" onto his lap. She took one long look at Sherlock after his cryptic statements and made a face one could call murderous and left in a huff of wounded pride.
Alright! I told him you belonged to me,” he finally answered in a vicious whisper, “I don’t know why I said it. I don’t even think I meant it at the time. The man was
Mummy never had approved of Sherlock’s lifestyle - of his unorthodox rejection of formal Sentinel schooling in favour of other, less verified, methods. Mycroft often wondered, if Sherlock had changed his mind and taken the more conventional route and studied at the Tower, would things have turned out very different?
“And so you’re promising me, that after the procedure, I can live my life free of the threat of zoning and without having to form a bond with a Guide, is that correct?” Sherlock was disgusted at the idea of bonding, of all those
He minimized the app, opened his texts, and snorted into the empty, dim room. Of course it would be Sherlock, demanding his time regardless of whether or not the Omega was actually available. He read carefully through each line and was about to text his own, plodding, reply (keyboards weren’t really his thing), when Dr. Adler appeared once more.
” John could feel his hands clenched at his side, his chest gone tight. He knew the answer, but he wanted to hear it from Marcus himself.
“Seems alright, it’ll do for now, at least. What do you think?” He regarded Marcus with a questioning look, but the larger man only shrugged. He wasn’t much for words, was Marcus. John had known him for exactly one month and the man had taken quite a shining to the good doctor.  He was by his side most days now, and John found that he really didn’t mind the company.
than bad because it wasn’t immediately clear what set off the alarm – and now the entire warehouse was alerted and their window for getting John out of that hellhole had just shortened dramatically. He shoved the first policeman that dared to get in his way away with a dangerous growl and barrelled forward, a singular purpose in mind.
John had only been scented a few times in his life (not counting his rather unfortunate run in with an overprotective and hormonally crazed Marcus), and it was usually a highly volatile, lust or rage-filled affair that found John barely able to speak or move in his own defence. Scenting wasn’t always about sex, sometimes it was about obedience, domination, or possession. The only Alphas that had ever been close to John had muscled their way into his personal space, unknowing or uncaring of how genuinely terrifying it was to be held down and drooled on like a slab of meat amongst a pack of starving wolves. For this reason, John had never been with an Alpha, only Betas, and Betas did not scent.
Again, the young man only shrugged noncommittally and pulled his filthy parka tighter around his slim frame. John ripped a piece of paper off his pad and slid it across the table where it was quickly snatched up by the other Omega.
“It’s not standard protocol, of course, but considering your background and the strength of your talents, the board voted to proceed right away. You’re scheduled for the procedure tomorrow morning.” She shuffled a few papers around on her desk, dabbing at her raw nose with the same damp and crumpled tissue from before.
John himself either didn’t notice, or didn’t care, wrapped up in his own misery as he was. The man groaned and grumbled from his room, only venturing down for lukewarm tea and biscuits, as if that’s all his stomach could handle, then shuffling back up the stairs without so much as a kiss or simple ‘hello.’
While his vision cleared slowly, he found himself lying atop a bed, still in his dirt encrusted clothes and unforgivably soiling a lovely dove grey duvet just underneath him.  John could hear the shifting of cloth to his right, as well as two pairs of leather soled feet touch upon the hardwood flooring.
. The showers in the day centre couldn’t hold a candle to this. John felt a welcome swell of contentment curl up in his chest…until he realized, all too quickly, that this was someone else’s flat, someone else’s water, and only temporary.
“I – no, that’s…not necessary Mr. Holmes. As unpleasant as that situation is, it was not done out of malice or malfeasance. Jim Moriarty knew what he’d signed up for.”
Sherlock said nothing; he stood there in cold silence, his eyes far away and twitching, as if considering something.
“Anyway, I answered his questions as best I could. I mean, honestly, I felt like I was being railroaded. He had these eyes…this voice. He said that all the pictures of the dead men were latent Omegas and homeless and if I knew any of them. I told him no, I didn’t recognize any of the men in the pictures, but really I mean who could? They were just awful…the pictures. Anyway, he asked if I knew of any latent Omegas and I…well I-might have given him your name-”
talked about the shame he felt at not quite being good enough to deserve a full gender like everyone else. He very much preferred to keep all of that locked inside, wrapped in a tiny red ball that he gripped so tightly to himself he wasn’t sure where his gender shame ended and where John Watson began.
Sherlock's mood soured as he forced himself to chew that last, treacly bit of fruitcake, painfully aware of the pleading look on John's face. He'd do anything for his Omega, and apparently that included eating a monstrous slice of fruitcake so foul even Mycroft would run screaming into the bowels of London to avoid.
POLICE: I remind you to be clear in your statements, this way there can be little to no confusion or misunderstandings.
“S-so you wanted to know about my family?” John prompted, ready to move forward with this interview and away from the frankly disturbing presence of Dr. Adler, “well, my mother and father both worked in the same factory, had done for years; that’s how they met actually. They were both naturally Formed, my father being an Alpha and my mother an Omega. I guess they didn’t understand what I was going through when I was younger, not given the chance for Formation myself; they never had to deal with the emotional…messiness…of being what I was. They weren’t big on emotions at all, really.”
Mrs. Julie Chandler, an elderly Omega, regarded both men with a keen gaze, through red, puffy eyes. “Thank you, both of you. How did you know my son?”
we spend out here, John continues to remain in danger. Is this nothing to you?” Sherlock spat, turning round again slowly.
Finally, Sherlock placed his hands in the pockets of his slimly tailored paints and spun away towards the windows. “You may keep them, if you wish. Consider it a…gift for your time. Mrs. Hudson resides downstairs in the first floor apartment, 221A, as it were. She has your things. They are washed and ready for you. We cannot keep you, of course, but I urge you to reconsider-”
“I’m sure, Sherlock. I can do it, and now I know that I want to. This can’t happen again, not to anyone else, not if there is something I can do about it.” He set his chin, clenching his jaw.
Of course Mycroft was still with him. Who did he think he was, some kind of attention challenged sixth former?
John made to agree; he even managed to prepare a pleasant goodbye, but realized the phone line had already gone dead whilst he stared at the receiver, replaying the last few minutes of the conversation over and over again.
Finally, with a hesitation borne of a very real fear of rejection, the Omega met his Alpha’s impassioned gaze.
He shrugged the duffel over his right shoulder, grimacing in pain. At this point, his whole body hurt.
Sherlock gently curled both of his hands around John’s knobby shoulders, leaning forward slightly and placing his beautiful face against the crook of John’s neck, inhaling his scent there with an intensity and trembling ferocity that bordered on worshipful.
It was the measure of a thousand heartbeats, or one long in-drawn breath - maybe two - that set John's blood aflame and pricked the surface of his like the hot, dry winds of the Afghan desert. He leant against the wall, mind reeling, and felt the warmth of Sherlock's hands collect around the tender areas of his neck. Time slowed, stretching the sensations on an infinite scale.
With that, the deductive genius spun towards the door, leaving John sat in his chair, blinking at the sudden onslaught of information and frenetic energy sparking through the Alpha.
Indeed, the display spread out before him was no different from nearly any other crime scene he had viewed in the many years he’d been consulting with the Met. The important difference (the most harrowing and gut-wrenching difference) was that this…this was someplace he knew intimately. These were people that he
Helmand province had always been unpredictable, a hotbed of insurgents, cleverly hidden incendiary devices and suicide bombers masked as innocent civilians. John never knew what to expect when he left the base and ground out onto the semi-arid landscape before him. He supposed, once upon a time, he would have thought this area of the world quite beautiful in its own desolate and otherworldly way. The juxtaposition of desert to irrigated farmlands was intriguing, and the Helmand River itself was more than adequate for a night-time splash about or two…if such a thing were allowed (which it most certainly wasn't)...and the
This had to be him, the man; the man that Brandy mentioned in the squalid bungalow. This had to be the apex Alpha, for never was there a person that so embodied genetic perfection than the tall, curly haired specimen impatiently glowering before him. Currently, the perfect specimen was actually standing
“Shocking,” John watched as the current tore through the slender man, his muscles seizing ever so slightly with the electricity, “go on Casey.”
The kitchen filled with the rich smell of coffee, hot and savoury, and Sherlock turned to spy a fresh mug of the aromatic liquid sitting invitingly on his kitchen table top. Steam rose from its surface, and as he watched, the colour turned from black to creamy brown.
Well, she could clearly see that this one was also a bit rude as well. Oh, she did always get the good ones, didn’t she?
Sherlock paused for a moment, lifting his chin and swinging his unnerving gaze towards John. He narrowed his eyes, searching the Omega’s face before taking a few steps closer to the armchair.
Lestrade clamped his mouth shut, brows dangerously tense above tired eyes. It was glaringly obvious this was not the first time Sherlock had spoken to him thusly, and a tight smile accompanied a long-suffering breath that did little to loosen the expression on his weathered face.
Sherlock glared at John as he too reached the table, both hands splayed across its surface, utensils and test tubes falling victim to his lust, rolling away and crashing to the lino in a spray of glass and dust.
Sally lifted her plate and dumped her piping hot serving of turkey curry into Sherlock’s lap, looking quite pleased as it oozed and ruined his sixth best pair of trousers.
He took a few angry steps towards the door before an overpowering wave of dizziness crashed inside his skull. He breathed through the sensation, knowing full well this was just an after effect of the drug (benzodiazepine maybe?). After a few moments, the dizziness lessened and John purposefully settled his face into the most neutral and innocent expression he could muster.
“John, I know you’re not taking this seriously, but I believe writing down everything that happens to you in a blog
In order to help others, you must first help yourself. He read that once, though for the life of him he couldn’t remember where.
“Oh! John!” the brunette straightened, her voice brighter and sounding less tired and more animated with John’s increased stirring, “you’re awake! Everyone will be so pleased.” She closed the booklet from which she was reading, but not before John could glean the title. Somehow it didn’t surprise him that Molly would choose to read passages from the Journal of Clinical Pathology to him whilst he was unconscious. The thought made him smile, though his lips were dry and cracked, she was eternally charming, this Miss Hooper.
“Remember, dinner’s at six. I’ll see you tomorrow, Mr. Holmes.” With that, she was gone, the door clicking behind her, the sound ominously loud in this ridiculous excuse for a room.
His dream had left him shivering, but it was the memories that rattled his psyche and reduced his muscles to their rapid contractions, not the temperature. He wiped his palm across his face, unconcerned of the tears that gathered at the edges of his eyes and leaked to string down his temples. He was more glad of insisting he take the upstairs bedroom now than he ever would be; he hadn't had a nightmare about Afghanistan this bad for months, and he'd neglected to even tell Sherlock of their existence.
Sherlock thinned his lips, the sensitive tissue blanching, and then pinking quite fetchingly when he relaxed. He clasped his large hands behind his back in rare display of nerves that John had not seen in quite some time. Somehow, even though he gripped his hands together, his fingers still managed to waggle to and fro in a childish display of fretfulness.
He smiled to himself, although that smile wavered with the first crash of Sherlock’s shoulder flung against the door. The hinges groaned at the ill-treatment, and John was thankful that Mrs. Hudson was away at her sister’s for a marathon bridge tournament, lest she be subjected to their lustful and not-so-quiet, and possibly quiet violent, lovemaking. John’s heels skidded against the floor before he managed to secure it once more, inching off his soaking pants as he did so.
The Alpha bellowed, his hand spasming and releasing the gun, while John smiled in dark amusement as he heard the low
“They…they told me,” the Alpha ground out, leaning forward till his skinny blue tie gently brushed against John’s chest, “to be prepared…for you…for how you would be…”
– he made do with relatively tame heavy petting and deep kissing sessions. Which, let’s face it, where absolutely and staggeringly
Sherlock’s mouth flopped open like a fish gasping for air, “I’ve never begged for anything in my life!”
Sherlock trailed a soft line up the back of John’s hand, following the powdery blue veins against his skin.
Even unconscious, Sherlock still managed to make a cock-up of things (another one of his many talents).
“Well, you probably should, you might be a little sore for the next day or so. I wasn’t…entirely gentle."
John was acutely aware of this, moving his face into the roughened cloth, a bit of spittle dampening the surface of the pillow as he did so.
(for John told him he was dead), could have insinuated himself so neatly into his mind. Perhaps he wasn’t an outside influence after all, and what did that mean?
The playback cuts out to black, then immediately restarts. John tried to resist a wave of vertigo caused by the constant ‘shaky-cam’ style of video. He suddenly wished he had some meclizine on hand, or anything to stop the faint uneasiness beginning to curdle in his stomach.
As John made his way through the enormous glass doors, he could see that what the architects lacked in originality, the interior designers tried to make up with nostalgia. The entire lobby and information area was bedecked in stripes, hard angles, and the geometric, repeating designs reminiscent of the Art Deco style of the 1930’s and 40’s. That, along with the sumptuous fountains and large tinkling chandeliers, almost made up for the sterile, unremarkable exterior.
It held an astonishing array of bottles, canisters, test tubes, beakers, flasks, and pretty much any kind of container one could use for experiments in a lab. The cupboards had seen better days, and John was loathe to open them, assuming he would probably not find food, but something else altogether distressing harboured inside. He managed to keep his hands to himself, as even though he was invited, it wasn’t his place to go digging into others peoples’ personal spaces. It didn’t really surprise the older blond that he could count mad scientist among the list of Sherlock’s many talents; which also currently included detective, invader of personal space, runway model, and all around disgustingly attractive prat.
“Tell me Lestrade, do you do everything my brother tells you? Or do you only get in my way when it proves especially bothersome?”
He frowned and sighed inwardly, just knowing by the scent and colour that there was entirely too much milk and not nearly enough sugar. Disgusting.
“It’s that bad already, is it?” She sounded sad then, maybe even regretful, but it was only for a moment, “you
“Huh…” Lestrade ran a hand through his salt and pepper hair, “something about fertility and dead bodies?” He offered lamely; it was clear he didn’t remember.
a surprise,” she rested one long finger against her bottom lip, tapping a crimson nail against the edge of her teeth, “well, I think it’s time.”
“Excuse me,” she sniffed meekly, “I um…just had a tickle in my…throat…err…” She flushed terribly, gathering a few bits of papers here and there before announcing she was off to lunch. The door swung back a forth a few times before settling on its hinges. John was rather bemused at her hasty retreat into St. Bart’s proper – though, this had the unfortunate side effect of leaving him alone with the Holmes brothers, something he was not particularly happy about.
John lowered himself down onto the no doubt ridiculously overpriced piece of furniture. He wasn’t a timid man by nature, but something about the woman’s presence struck him so forcefully, he found himself at a loss for words. She took a seat next to him, impervious to this premature familiarity, and crossed one satiny leg over another. The hem of her snowy white dress lifted up an inch or so, and John found himself averting his eyes before he looked somewhere he oughtn’t.
This was the same Brian Patterson that had made John's life a living hell when first he joined the Royal Army. This was the same man that'd made latent Omega slurs against him at every possible opportunity. This was the same man that he'd pummeled into oblivion before finding himself humiliated and sent to Major Sholto's office for the first time so very long ago.
“Yes. Are you very surprised? I do have my own goals in life of course, now that everything has been so different.” She neglected to mention how very different life for her had become. Irene Adler had always had a predilection for misbehaving, but it had been amusing (to say the least) to find out just exactly how much bad behaviour she could get away with now that she had so much…power, for want of a better word.
He recalled the last time he’d seen that particular shade of pink, aglow across the flesh of a man he’d just actively repelled away from him. He closed his eyes and thought of John, steam warmed and still damp from the shower that morning, smelling of honey, salty caramel like the sea, and cloves. Spicy, snippets of scents so tantalizingly amorphous, they were there one moment and gone the next.
Sherlock silently cursed the curly haired woman; how exactly she chose that moment to use her pitiful powers of observation was beyond him. She and Lestrade had both caught up with him before he managed to hail a taxi, and though he threatened to hand over the mobile over his cold, dismembered body, neither of the police officers looked particularly concerned.
“Come on then,” John’s voice cut through the silence once more, sounding amused, “there’s a door just this way, follow me.”
It was as unfamiliar, this sudden intrusion on his silence, as it was the storm of hormones rioting through his bloodstream. He didn’t allow himself to move, afraid he’d given himself away after all.
He wiped a sweaty palm on the surface of his thigh, then replaced it against the warmed grip of the gun. Taking one more cursory glance down the hallway behind him, he set his sights forward and onto the door, wherein he was told he could find Irene Adler.
.” He pleaded with his back to the man, wishing for once Sherlock would find an ounce of propriety in his big thick head and take a hint. “Just…
“John is not mine,” the terrified man repeated, breaking eye contact with the Omega to stare down at the soiled floor.
The nurse grunted and swayed back dangerously before righting herself and gripping him at the wrists once more. Behind her, the door flew open and three burly aids appeared at his bedside. One was successful in securing his kicking feet, while one replaced the harried nurse. The last one brandished a syringe of a colourless liquid and hastily administered it into Sherlock’s intravenous line, flushing a few times for good measure.
, so lovely you decided to show. I thought maybe you had abandoned our little meeting in favor of a coup in Kazakhstan, or some such nonsense.” Sherlock’s deep voice virtually dripped with disdain as he regarded the other man. It appeared there was no love lost there.
Sherlock didn’t bother to remove his gaze from the cylindrical eyepieces of the microscope and gauge her reaction. It was more than clear to him that she carried a torch the size of the London Eye, and almost as dreadfully dull in its regard. He deemed it nearly the same as the attraction itself, novel and quite puzzling at first, then repetitive and boring upon further observation. To anyone else, Sherlock’s clipped comment might have seemed rude or dismissive, but having worked with the man for more than two years, to Molly, it was more of the same.
“Erm, no, someone else did all this.” With one hand, he moved his fingers in a circle, encompassing his entire battered upper body. “Though, he wasn’t too kind to my clothes.”
She smiled, looking upon John with doting eyes, “No dear…although if you’ll be taking the room upstairs after all, I can certainly ring him up, if you wish.”
“It’s part of the interview process. I need to know about you, John – what you like, what you don’t like. Becoming Formed at your age is a very big decision, and not one to be taken lightly. Myself, and the others in my group, need to make sure you’re of sound mind before partaking in the study.” The smooth cadence of her voice washed over him, and he found the tension in his muscles slowly seeping away. Everything about this woman was confounding: her scent, the way she sat, the way she held her head – inclined ever so slightly towards the blond – to the artful way she rested one perfectly manicured hand on the ball of her knee.
He did a quick 180 degrees; ready to go back to his duffle bag, when his vision was abruptly filled with a large, bulky fist that hammered across face. Just before John’s head snapped painfully to the side, blood from his nose and busted cheek splattering against the ground, he caught sight of the damned Cigarette man winding up for another pass. Apparently these men caught their second wind rather quickly. The second blow rudely grazed across his mouth, splitting John’s lip painfully, tearing and oozing blood down his chin. The latter punch had the added effect of throwing off his equilibrium, and he stumbled backwards, tripping over a rotten wooden pallet lying to the side of the alleyway. The Omega scrambled to correct his footing, but it was too late; gravity cruelly pulled him downwards and John fell backwards with alarming speed, cracking the back of his head against the grimy brick wall with a sickening crunch.
“Why is this important?” John raised a curious eye to Sherlock, who hadn’t said much since he had come back with Sarah.
Gasping and gulping down huge swallows of air through his mouth, he quickly realized that was all he could do. He could not breathe through his nose. The fullness in his face reached a centre, shining point, and he flailed, sending a metallic object flying loudly to the floor.
This fool sat two seats over from John in gender studies, and never passed up an opportunity to make John’s life hell. He already had to deal with name calling from a few of the other less imaginative Alphas in his class, but the way Edward looked at him was something else entirely.  He would never admit it, but deep down it frightened him in a way that he couldn’t completely understand. Edward licked his lips like he could taste John’s fear each and every day, shamelessly staring at the diminutive blonde like a hawk ready to bloody his prey. John avoided him as much as possible, but it wasn’t a large school, and one could only fight the inevitable for so long.
John was familiar with the ALS guidelines and their stance on drug administration during cardiac arrest, but he held to his Army training, and while Margie might have given him a bit of leery side-eye, she did as she was told.
“The video – it ah…mentioned they used attenuated flu virus as the carrier, right?” The Omega looked back and forth between the two men, mouth dry and head aching, “do you think they still do?”
finished?” Irene leant against the doorjamb, regarding the three Beta men gathered around a small folding poker table, elegant in her outward serenity. One would never guess her insides churned with barely controlled excitement.
Sherlock rushed to John’s side immediately, nosing at his neck and putting both of his hot-warm hands on John’s face. The sensation grounded the Omega as he forced his emotions under control.
was it anyway? He rifled through his coat, pulling out his mobile – five o’clock. Grand. That meant one more hour until another no doubt
“Naww, d’you really fink they’d ‘elp the like’s o’ me? Is sum’ new study I saw on sum’ piece o’ paper.”
“No, John,” Molly interjected, her face gone quite pale and serious, “what we’re saying is each and every one of these cells is pumping out immense quantities of this hormone, more than any human could possibly need. We don’t know what caused the cancer initially but if someone wanted to almost…manufacture this hormone, well, they’d have the perfect system right here.”
, yes I’m fine, Sherlock.” He clutched at his chest a moment, only to catch his breath, and frowned at his torn jacket and split jumper. He just couldn’t seem to catch a break. Marcus, a motionless figure at his feet, moaned quietly, a pinky finger twitched in the dirt. He had taken a nasty hit to the head, but he was still alive.
John was stuck in a strange feedback loop of want versus self-preservation. He was slightly terrified of the Alpha who’d pressured him against the wall and violated his space, but at the same time he wanted very much to continue to be the only thing caught in Sherlock’s depthless gaze. It was a terrible thing, this indecision that warred within him….lust against logic.
Sherlock hovered over the livid body of Jimmy Price. His nervous, frantic energy had yet to dissipate, and only served to make the timid woman behind him even more reticent to interrupt his thoughts. Finally, though, she could delay no longer.
Time invariably moved on – on with their forced breaths, their awful rib-splintering compressions, and their wide-eyed gazes, each person tilting on a quiet edge, blood pressure high, and ready for damn near anything. It was a credit to their training that the code had gone smoothly so far, and after two more minutes (more amiodarone, and another dose of epinephrine), John had them all step back and analyze the heartrate once more.
He fell to the ground in an exhausted heap, gasping and gulping in air, half his face resting in a puddle. John tried to get back up, really he did, but he was overwhelmed with pain and a profound muscular weakness that could only be the end result of a disabling electrical current.
He moaned with a voice guttural and half-stuck in his throat, wanting to scream out the name of the man and the name of his maker at the same time, but not finding the strength to manage both. The Beta’s cock slipped and slid inside him, enveloped by the narrow passage that led deep inside his body, massaging and pounding against his walls in turn.
Marcus was a special case; this was probably why John felt a certain kinship towards him. When it came right down to it, he was flawed, just like John. Marcus used to be a successful businessman; if one believed the chatter the other homeless dedicated themselves to on a daily basis. Then he found himself in a life-altering auto accident that left him with a traumatic brain injury, among other things. The story was his personality was so changed that his family could no longer take care of him, and decided to place him in a home.  If one was very curious, they could ask Marcus himself how he ended up on the streets, and he would only reply he ‘simply walked out’ one day.
to contact Sherlock now. He still wasn’t sure if he was willing to become a human sacrifice in the name of science and the British government, but if he could help the investigation he would.
John sweated and breathed beneath him, helpless and at the dubious mercy of his hormones. He flushed - a lovely shade of pink that was not the result of exercise or embarrassment, but lust and desperation.
John wasn’t exactly sure how to describe Sherlock to Sarah. He could say he was an Alpha, but that would be like trying to explain Buckingham Palace by saying it was a large, fancy, old building; accurate but not entirely the whole picture. John decided he would just keep his mouth shut and let her meet Sherlock and draw her own conclusions, whatever those would be.
John only went back to the bungalow for an hour at most. It didn’t seem near as inviting and cosy as before, the lilac wallpaper rather less than soothing, the dim interior suffocating rather than reassuring. John’s life had been turned upside down, and since he didn’t really know what would happen during the next few days, this felt suspiciously like a goodbye. Regardless, he wanted to make this as quick and painless as possible.
I’m worried about Sherlock, it’s…it’s everyone else who was like me, all the latents, all the innocents who only wanted a normal life, but instead they got…” He tapered off, grabbing one of Sherlock’s hands in his own, squeezing mightily. “How do we go on, knowing what we know?”
. All his life he’d been able to manipulate others, finagle his way into secretive places; he could deduce peoples’ desires as easily as he could tie his shoes, so why…for God’s sakes
“My brave John, who fought in a war, who withstood a lifetime of discrimination and pity, what were you doing out there? What were you capable of – a man that could heal and harm with the same pair of hands?” Sherlock brought the broad, flat surface of his tongue to lathe against the side of his throat, lapping in long sweeps as if the surface of the Omega’s flesh held the sweetest ambrosia.
, and completely out of touch with current English modernity. He followed behind Mrs Whitney, having already deduced everything of import about the woman(divorced, son also an addict, her job a pathetic attempt to heal others when really she wanted to heal her son), and he was only too glad to leave the overly scented and busy lobby behind. For a retreat that touted the best possible solution for un-bonded Sentinels, their decorative choices were decidedly an attack on the senses. Really, what
I love my stories and I will never abandon them, promise! Thank you for sticking with me through this giant gap in posting!
With great effort and consideration for his hip, John stood. His overlarge sweater hung unattractively on his thin shoulders, pulling down on one side and giving him the appearance of a child who’d gotten into his father’s clothing. The blond sniffled and cleared his throat before addressing the other Alpha.
When John finally escaped the obviously government issued car, he felt even more mentally exhausted than before. Mycroft had certainly put him through the ringer, and made sure to record their entire conversation on his own laptop, to which he assured John would work perfectly and not ‘suddenly devolve into a symphony of mysterious white noise.’
“Yes, c-come in.” The Beta was now sweating profusely, mopping at his brow with the already dampened sleeve of his lab coat. John took this moment to sit up on the table, scrambling to pull his gown down over his nether regions and glaring at the other man with a look that could only be described as intently murderous.
“I wish that the Incubators never came to earth, and our world would never be harmed from the likes of you.”
Sebastian then went his own way, jumping from one wall to the next til he was on the roof of a building and then disappeared from sight. “
Outside the labyrinth John and Sherlock had arrived safely. John was concerned for Sebastian and a small part of him was happy that Sherlock had showed. Before he could ask Sherlock any questions and before Sherlock could start yelling at him for being so stupid, it felt like a small implosion happened next to them. Then suddenly Sebastian appeared on his knees breathing heavily.
“Stop.”John was beside him, holding his hand and looking at Sherlock’s soul gem which was slowly becoming clouded with despair. “It’s enough now. You don’t have to fight anymore.”
“Well then after tonight, the next time I see you be ready. I look forward to it.” Irene made a move as if to kiss him but stopped, only giving him a saucy look before saying, “You’re not my type,” and walked away.
“I’m just realizing why John has such a high potential. I was confused when I first met him because by all standards he’s a perfectly normal human being. It would’ve made more sense if he was a ruler or a messiah, with his potential but he wasn’t. Now I understand that each timeline’s universe is now converging on one point and that’s John. Meaning each time you try to save him, you only worsen the tragedy that will follow in your failure.”
John didn’t know what to say which seemed to be his default mode in these last couple weeks. He wished that he wasn’t so useless and that he could do more to comfort his fiend. All he could do was stand there and comfort Greg to the best of his abilities which honestly could never be enough.
“You really understand nothing. You have magic now and if you wanted the girl you could bend her to your will. You could take away her family and make her completely dependent on you.”
“It’s true, Irene was talented but even she kept a reserve. Sebastian Moran is a lot more talented and he has a lot more grief seeds than you do, so he can use magic more freely. The way you are now there is no way you could beat either Sebastian or Sherlock.”
“Alright class,” their teacher Mrs. Hudson began, calling the attention of all the students, “Everyone can continue their conversations later but right now I have a special announcement. A new student is joining our class and I know it’s a bit strange for him to come so late in the semester but I hope everyone of you will make him feel welcomed.”
“You must know I don’t make promises I can’t keep and I’m saying this because it’s the truth, you should forget about Lestrade.”
“I want you to stop fighting. You’ve won and there’s no point in carrying this on any further. If you do then you can’t fight me instead,” he said with a threatening glint in his eye.
Yes if they’re together, everything would be alright. As he began to close his eyes in acceptance he felt a sudden jolt. Looking down at his soul gem he saw John press a grief seed against it, absorbing the darkness.
The subject of Sherlock’s weird questions was officially dropped. After they finished eating, Greg and John had plans to go to a music shop while Molly needed to leave them to go home. Greg wanted to wait with here at the bus stop but she insisted that she didn’t want them to wait around on her behalf. The whole time John felt like the awkward third wheel. He wondered when Greg would finally gain the confidence to tell Molly how he really felt.
