“Greg, can you get the Bunny dressed for the day while I chat with Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, testing the waters of John’s headspace by suggesting that he should be dressed in something other than the jeans and sweater that were his go-tos in his everyday life.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock said in his politest version of little Sherlock.
Thanks so much for the encouragement and kind words! I really appreciate them!
No real ageplay in this chapter, just a couple of stubborn boys refusing to acknowledge they need their Daddy and Papa.  the cuteness will return, soon, though!  Enjoy!
“Okay, Myc,” Sherlock said.  He turned to glance at John beside him, and was surprised to find the man blinking up at him, awake.
He knocked on the door.
Bunny, sitting at Daddy’s kitchen table, was fighting the urge to suck his thumb as he ran his fingers methodically over the soft, delicate fur of his stuffed rabbit’s floppy ear.  He had known from early that morning, even as Papa arrived at Baker Street to help him and Sherlock begin the process of aging down, that there was a plan set in place for the week, that conversations had been happening both with and without the boys in order to establish ground rules and plan expectations.
Trips to the pub were a common ploy of John’s, but they had somehow kept their effectiveness despite Sherlock having long since realized John used them as a way to get Sherlock out of his own head.  Alcohol and forced socialization steered Sherlock away from despair and stimulated him just enough that, after a while, John could often get him to converse about topics not related to their most recently solved case, an early step towards stopping Sherlock from obsessing over what he could have done quicker or what he should have realized earlier.  Sherlock was constantly second-guessing himself after cases.
Sherlock did nothing but stand with his legs spread as he wet himself, clearly mortified that John was watching.  But somehow John understood that this was some sort of tell, some Sherlockian signal from Holmes brother to Holmes brother which would cue Mycroft into what Sherlock was asking for.  John could clearly see a lapse in Sherlock's agitated state that he knew had to do with more than the state of the man's bladder.  He was calmed; somehow the act of wetting himself had provided him a semblance of respite from the negative thoughts and overriding depression he had clearly felt overtaking his mind.  John was confused.  Did he really believe the wet warmth spreading through Sherlock's crotch and down his legs had comforted the man, had made him feel safer and calmer than he had before?  Even as Sherlock began to cry in his vulnerability--and, when was the last time John had seen Sherlock cry?--the man breathed normally once again.
“Sherlock n-needed me to be b-big,” Bunny was saying.  “But--but I couldn’t s-sleep, and I--then I felt so l-little and--but I wasn’t supposed t-to!”
Papa paused, as if realizing Bunny and Sherlock were blinking up at him and that he had two sets of little ears listening.
I couldn't stand having things unresolved between little Bunny and Mycroft, so here's the resolution to the previous chapter.  Warnings for wetting (not sure I need to give advance notice of that anymore considering I use it so often, but just in case) and for a long chapter (this one is longer than I anticipated).
Greg had been able to read the vulnerability all over him, had immediately asked him if he was okay and pressed when Mycroft tried to sidestep his questions about his time with his parents.  He’d managed to convince him that all he needed was food and rest, but he knew Greg was tracing his body language, and had likely been able to tell that Mycroft was more than a bit relieved to find himself back at his own place, on his own terms and with those he most enjoyed spending time with.
“It turned out you were fine,” Mycroft said from his spot on the couch.
Bunny had never liked the boy pull-ups.  The striped ones were boring and the camouflage ones, if he wasn’t careful, made him think bad thoughts.  But his pink and purple butterfly pull-ups made him feel safe and happy.  He felt more like Bunny, as if he really was his Uncle Greg’s little princess.  There were flowered pull-ups in the package Uncle Greg had bought, too, and he couldn’t wait for his chance to wear one.
“Tell me more,” he said, his voice even.
“Sherlock, stop!” John gasped, out of breath, feeling himself losing control as Sherlock moved his hands up beneath John’s sweater and t-shirt to tickle his ribs.  His hands were wrapped tight around Sherlock’s forearms, attempting to pry him away, but he was too weak with laughter to be a productive deterrent.  “I’m going to piss myself!”
“Yes, John?”
Mycroft sighed, then, turning to Greg, pulled the man towards him for a proper kiss.
“What was that?” Greg asked.
“Use your words, love.”
“What say you and I head downstairs and make some breakfast while we let the sleepyheads rest?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock whined a bit, but Greg knew the boy would not turn down the opportunity to be carried, something Mycroft could only do for short periods of time but Greg had gotten quite skilled at.  He placed Sherlock standing just long enough to turn him around and hoist him back into his arms, then carried the boy towards the stairs as Mycroft stood to stretch and rub the muscles of his thighs, sore from the length of time Sherlock had been curled up in his lap.
I'm so sorry it took me far longer to update than I'd expected!  I had a really tough time figuring out the ending of this chapter.  I'm not entirely happy with it, but at least it's finished! Full disclosure that it's an unedited chapter, so apologies for any mistakes.  Just one or two more chapters left in this story before I plan to turn my attention back to A Little Training.  Life is a bit crazy, as I'm sure it is for all of you as well, but I promise I'm writing when I can.
Mycroft knew he should have checked up on the boys earlier.  There had been far too much mischief for one day already; if Greg hadn’t distracted him with an impromptu kiss on the lips over the jigsaw puzzle which had quickly moved them onto the couch, hands roving, he would have realized that it only stood to reason that the drama would continue into the afternoon.
“He’s also spilled his breakfast on his shirt and hasn’t let me take it off to put it in the wash, which has added another five minutes to his time out.”
Sherlock broke into audible tears when he heard John say it out loud.  John knew that in the pause of silence on the other end, Mycroft was weighing his options.
“Still full,” John said, shaking his head.  “But juice, please.”
He wanted nothing more than to be distracted from the coddling, overbearing attention he’d been receiving all day.  He didn’t need anyone reminding him to wear a coat in the rain or to take off his shoes when he came into the house.  He didn’t need anyone monitoring his meals or telling him to comb his hair.  He definitely didn’t need some potty training chart made for little kids.
“I’m a big boy,” Sherlock said when he caught Mycroft’s look.  “Don’t need pull-ups.  Want dinos.”
Sherlock hummed as if to say they would just wait and see, and John chose to ignore the man’s self-assured smarminess.  There were points to discuss and gameplans to make, and Sherlock looked too handsome at the moment--hair still wet from the shower, eyes content after the fun of their morning, hiding none of the usual Sherlockian restlessness--to argue against.
John shook his head and burrowed into Mycroft’s chest.
xoxoxo
He hugged his knees to his chest and cried, unsuccessful at keeping himself silent and beyond the notice of the nightmare creature perched beneath the bed.  He became more and more panicked that it was waiting for him to step off the bed, that it was waiting to grab his ankle and yank him close, and the more he tried to keep from crying, the more he cried.  The monster would brandish his jagged, twisted flash of a knife and bring him back to the darker world he had once known.
Sending bunny kisses! xxoo
It wasn’t a complete lie; after all, Sherlock could feel the littler side of himself still waiting to take over, and he figured that with the right encouragement from Bunny and the right amount of cuddles from Mycroft and Papa, it may just be convinced to come out and play.
Mycroft had noticed it too, Sherlock’s younger headspace.
“Want me to come with you?” John asked, and it took a raised eyebrow from Sherlock for John to realize how much that would derail a Holmes brothers conversation, given the current state of his briefs.
Thank you for all of your wonderful comments--I promise to respond to all of them as soon as possible!
“It’s really late, kid,” he said.  “How about we just get you cleaned up with some wipes and fresh sheets?  You can take a bath tomorrow after breakfast if you’d like.”
He knocked lightly on the boy’s closed bedroom door, hearing the boy’s sobbing and wanting to give him a bit of time to get himself together.
"I'm sorry, Papa," Sherlock said, but Papa just shushed him and, humming, began helping Sherlock to clean up.
Bunny shook his head and pressed himself deeper into the couch.
“You sure?” Greg clarified.  “Might make things a bit easier during the trip.”
John cleared his throat and ran a hand over his face, reaching for the remote and turning up the volume on the telly.  He needed to keep himself in the present moment.  Sherlock glanced up with a pointed look that John was not in the mood to process or respond to at the moment.
“Now, Sherlock,” Mycroft ordered, voice harsh and dominant enough to send Sherlock sighing and dragging his feet towards the bathroom.
“C’mon, Bun,” Greg smiled, “Time to get up or you’ll sleep the whole day away.”
Sherlock kicked at Mycroft from beneath the blankets, and Mycroft clucked his tongue in warning, which made Sherlock stop.  He was frustrated and sick of being uncomfortable and unable to sleep because of his coughing fits, which of course Bunny didn’t seem to have.  Everything always went Bunny’s way.
“Doesn’t that seem a bit duplicitous for a man as full of integrity as John?”
We're turning to John and Greg for the next few chapters, seeing how they're coping with the holidays and visits with family.  I have the next chapter half-written already, but let me know if there's anything in particular you'd like to see!
“Mycroft was going to save it for your birthday, but he thought you might need a little something tonight to help you be brave.  Go ahead and open it up.”
Sherlock buried his face in Mycroft’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry, champ,” Greg said, smiling to reassure John.  “She’ll be clean and dry in no time.”
It was clear that John was in the final stages of aging down, that he’d at long last lost the ability to put on a brave face of maturity.
John looked rather pekid when he pulled open the door.  Mycroft’s thoughts turned from Sherlock to John as he took in the bloated circles under the smaller man’s eyes and the yellowing bruise on his cheek.  John mumbled a good morning and ran a hand over the back of his neck as he glanced down towards the floor.  Hungover, then, and shifty enough that he was he nervous about being found out, which likely meant he’d made a show of himself at the pub.
“Need Willa, Daddy,” Bunny said through a yawn as Mycroft steered the boy towards Sherlock’s bedroom.  The kid was rarely without his plush rabbit while young.  Mycroft was surprised it had been this long since he’d asked for her.
“We’ll talk about this later.  Let’s go,” he said, taking Bunny by the hand and beginning to guide them towards the checkout lanes.
It was Sherlock who heard footsteps first, turning to glance down the hallway.  Soon after, they all heard the door opening, and Greg’s voice ringing out down the hallway.
Greg nodded.  He'd been thinking of this as a new way for the boys to lose themselves in ageplay.  It was an opportunity for them to feel comfortable sinking low in age and a way for Greg and Mycroft to reinforce their care for them, to encourage them.  But Mycroft was right.  There was potentially more at stake for Sherlock, and he had to be sensitive to his boy’s fears, fears hiding beneath the surface of his moodiness.
But Sherlock had asked him to get young.  And although Sherlock had no qualms about asking John to pick up biscuits or to text clients or to retrieve a book he was too lazy to walk across the room to get himself, he rarely asked for what it was he actually needed, especially not while out of headspace.  And because John knew this, he had long ago made it a policy to follow through on any of Sherlock’s legitimate requests.  If Sherlock needed John to be young, John would do everything he could to make that happen, and he would do it as quickly as possible.
Sherlock sniffled.  “Thunderstorm,” he whispered, once again ducking his head to hide it in the fur of his stuffed dinosaur.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, love,” Mycroft assured.  “Uncle Greg and I are just in the next room. If anything happens, you can either come to wake us up or you can go to sleep on the cot Uncle Greg made up in Sherlock’s room, whichever you prefer.  I'm proud of you for being brave enough to try to sleep in your own room, but remember there's nothing wrong with asking for help if you need it, okay?”
“They’re checking DVLA records now,” Greg was saying, not seeming to notice John’s lack of focus.  “We got a tip on a potential location of interest.”
Sure enough, John’s cheeks blazed pink.  He put his face in his hands and shook his head.  “I don't know how I let it happen,” he said.
“John? I’m stealing Sherlock away until Wednesday,” he called upstairs to a presumably sleeping Doctor Watson.  “Call me or Greg if you need anything.”
He had to remove his thumb to speak, which was a bit of a surprise.  When had he put his thumb into his mouth, and why did he have the instinct to glance around to see if his pacifier was nearby?  Maybe he was feeling a bit younger than he’d realized.
“Perfectly,” Mycroft said, taking a step forward.  “For now.  There are situations in the past which made the situation...precarious.  Volatile.”
It's been way too long since I've updated! Thank you all, as always, for the wonderfully kind comments you left on the last chapter.  I hope you enjoy this chapter as well--it's basically a cycle of angst, comfort, and then angst again :)  Warning for brief mention of diapers.  Littler-than-usual little Sherlock will be back in the next chapter.
“I’ve seen the way Mycroft is with you,” John continued.  “I guess I just wanted that, too.”
Mycroft shook his head, but reached out to catch Greg’s hand before he left, squeezing it in thanks.
John was standing in the doorway of the master bedroom, peeking around the opened door.  Mycroft paused his pacing and turned to face him, quickly assessing that the conversation must have been successful; John was far more at ease than he had been last Mycroft had left him.
Sherlock nodded, then placed his thumb in his mouth.
“Come on, My,” Greg tried in a quieter voice as he took a step closer, clearly a bit taken aback that Mycroft had banned the suggestion entirely and attempting to level with him.  “A half cup each while they wait for dinner isn't going to hurt them.”
Mycroft blinked back at his brother.  Yes, there were times when Sherlock wet his pants either accidentally or purposefully while still adult, but those times had lessened once they’d gotten him on a more regular ageplay schedule.  Add that to the embarrassment behind Sherlock’s eyes currently--embarrassment Sherlock very rarely showed after accidents he’d mainly grown to accept and even at times flaunt--, and Mycroft had a sinking suspicion that Sherlock was admitting to something else entirely.
“Sherlock, bud.  Listen to me for a minute, okay?” Mycroft asked quietly while he had Sherlock's attention.  Mycroft glanced over towards John to make sure the man had fallen asleep.  He was clearly out, and Mycroft spoke quietly so as not to disturb him.
His brother nodded, clearly still taking in the information.
“Okay,” he said when the boy returned and was sitting cross-legged on the bed, facing him.  “Let’s talk about Bunny.”
“There are fish and frogs and maybe a few lake eels,” Greg said.  “But I promise, no monsters.”
“Adults have a need for the loo, too, brother mine,” Mycroft said, feel his patience with his brother slip.  For a man insisting that he wasn’t acting the toddler, he was certainly putting on a good show of it.  “You’re not a child for needing a piss.”
“Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs!” he called, seeming fully conscious of his surroundings for the first time since coming down for breakfast.
Greg shook his head as he carried the omelet to the kitchen table, placing it in front of him.
“Hey, pretty princess,” Greg whispered as he stepped through the doorway and into Bunny’s room.
Sherlock blinked up at him, mobile suddenly forgotten.
“I’d like to give them a change of scenery” he said.  “But I’m not sure Sherlock will go without a fight.”
“Please bath,” he pleaded when he’d recovered enough to speak.
“Is he going to win?” Bunny asked, fork paused halfway to his mouth as he watched intently, concerned when the evil forces seemed to be gaining ground on the hero.
“Okay,” Mycroft said.
“Want you now,” John said, and Mycroft assured him he would be there as soon as possible.
John sniffled and another tear fell down his cheeks.
“Now,” his brother said, releasing Greg from the bear hug with a deep breath in.  “I know you’ve usually the one setting bedtimes.  But I’m sending you up to sleep.  You look about ready to collapse.”
“Uncle Greg?” Sherlock called, voice a bit louder, and this time the men stirred.  It was Uncle Greg who, with a deep breath, woke up to glance up at them.
John climbed out of bed and stretched.  He could not help but get his hopes up that Mycroft had arrived.  He may no longer be feeling as if he needed his Daddy, but he certainly felt as if he needed Mycroft to help him process his feelings and emotions of the night before, feelings he had been struggling with for a few weeks, now.
There was no visible puddle on the bedroom floor leading into the closet, so it seemed Bunny’s accident may have happened prior to him retreating to his closet hiding place.  Mycroft moved to John’s side of the bed and flipped back the sheets, and, sure enough, he revealed a wet patch of urine.  Sherlock groaned and the baby tensed in Mycroft’s arms.
He needed a bit more time to process the events, needed to plan the best course of action knowing both Sherlock’s temperament and Bunny’s.  For what must have been the twentieth time that day, Mycroft wished Greg were home.
He pushed his baby blanket off of the mattress, not wanting to be close to the girly bunnies, and buried his face into his plush lion.  But when he remembered she was named Ariel, he pushed her off the bed in disgust, letting her fall to the floor beside his baby blanket.  He curled up against the pillow, and could not help but let his thumb slip into his mouth, wanting his Daddy and his Uncle Greg and, despite the blush it brought to his cheeks and the tears it brought to his eyes, his new nightgown.
“Oh, alright,” he said, shifting the hat so that it was properly situated on his head.  “But you better keep your phone away.  I don’t want any photographic evidence.”
Bunny’s eyes were round when they shifted to meet Greg’s gaze, questioning but, if Greg was reading his boy correctly, hopeful.
“Yes, baby,” he said.
“Oh,” he said, and Sherlock was grateful he’d understood.  Words were feeling hard at the moment.  “Sherlock, do you mean when we were kids? When Mummy and Daddy asked me to toilet train you?”
Mycroft knew something was wrong when, after hanging up the phone for the day and leaving his office at long last to check-in on Sherlock, he found an empty living room and, upstairs, a clearly rage-fueled mess in his little brother’s bedroom.  His looming sense of concern only grew when he checked his mobile to find a string of missed calls and texts from Greg, the tone of each progressing from concern to anger to resolved disappointment.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he nodded his head slowly, as if the gravity of his words had just been explained to him for the first time.
John had fallen asleep almost the moment they had set off.  After tugging on Mycroft’s sleeve to ask for his pacifier as discreetly as he could, he had curled up against the door with his stuffed lion as a pillow.  Sherlock would have teased John for the pacifier had he been in a younger headspace.  He thought about pretending to be little in the moment just for the excitement that would come from teasing and getting scolded by Mycroft, but he was still feeling annoyingly adult, and it felt cruel to tease the bunny while Sherlock himself was not young.
His Daddy paused in the doorway and smiled in on him and Sherlock.
He glanced at the items in his hands.  The nightgown and plush rabbit John had been so excited to pick out at the store when he was younger had obviously lost their intended purpose of placating now that John had aged up.  But John could sense the contrition in Mycroft’s gesture, knew that, had he still been young, Mycroft would have dressed him in the nightgown and tucked him back into the pink pull-up still lying discarded on the floor and helped him pick out the right name for his new rabbit friend.
“But I told him, Uncle Greg.  Didn't I tell him?”
Bunny could not stand to cry in front of his Daddy or to cause more trouble.  He pushed himself away from the table and ran from the room, ignoring his Daddy and Uncle Greg, both of whom called to him as he raced up the stairs and into his bedroom, where he stepped out of his sweatpants, pulled off the pink pull-up, and climbed under the blankets.
“Listening,” he said once he was dressed in a dry pull-up and Mycroft was stringing his pajama pants back up his legs.
And, although he gave a spectacular eye roll, Mycroft pulled it onto his head with a relenting sigh.
A short update for all of you lovely readers!  Hope you're all doing well and are hanging in there!
He yanked the duvet from the bed, pulling it over his head to hide himself away.
"Won't feel it," Sherlock said, voice pleading, almost a whine.  His right arm reached out to cling to the front of John’s shirt, and the man was crying once more.  “I just want you to do it.”
“That wasn’t the question, kid,” he said.  “Would prefer a pull-up or briefs?”
Sherlock nodded emphatically.
“You know you can always come to me or Papa if you’re feeling confused or upset,” Daddy said with a sigh.  “It’s disappointing that you chose instead to behave in a destructive manner.”
“We’re glad to have you,” she said, releasing John from the hug but placing a hand on each of his shoulders.  “It’s rare we get to meet friends of Greg’s, especially such handsome ones.”
It was true that Mycroft worried about Sherlock’s treatment of Bunny given this new development, worried about the potential teasing or shunning that Bun might receive at the hands of Sherlock.  But Mycroft had suddenly been reminded that there was more to the situation than Bunny’s feelings alone.  Bunny would have had no idea of the ramifications, of course, but introducing a sister into Sherlock’s world had more than the usual potential for disaster.  Mycroft worried about the effect it may have on Sherlock’s state of mind.
“That's a good boy,” Mycroft said.  John smiled at the praise.
“Harry, where the f--”
It had been about a month since John had wet himself at the zoo and two weeks since he'd wet himself in front of Greg the night the Inspector was babysitting and then in front of Mycroft the next morning.  And while they had talked about John's desire to wet just as they discussed other aspects of age play--Mycroft addressing John's feelings of inadequacy, setting John’s preferred bedtime routine, contemplating John’s somewhat younger headspace recently--John had not wanted to act upon his desires while both he and Sherlock were in headspace.  He had also refused to call Mycroft "Daddy" when Sherlock was in earshot.  Mycroft assumed John was worried about how Sherlock might react.
But the look on his face currently was one of complete, lovely surrender.
“But you contemplated it,” he said.
Mycroft figured he may need to change tactics.
He was grateful Greg was distracted; it gave him leeway to rest his eyes as he tipped his head against the coolness of the window.
“Frustratingly so.”
Bunny lay in the darkened room for a moment listening to the whispered voices of Daddy and Sherlock.  She heard Daddy calming a fussy Sherlock, then changing Sherlock into a clean diaper before gathering him up to take him downstairs, where Bunny knew it would be Sherlock’s turn for lunch as it had been Bunny’s before naptime.  She traced Daddy’s footsteps down the staircase, and then Bunny was alone in the quiet.
Papa was floundering, unable to give Sherlock what he needed.  Sherlock needed Mycroft before he broke down completely under the weight of the bad thoughts.  He needed to be talked down to, he needed to be shoved deeper into headspace.
“Not too far, Sherlock,” he called out.  “Stay where your brother can still touch the bottom.”
Greg’s mom had been understanding, but John wasn’t under any delusions that the same would be true for every member of the Lestrade family were Greg to heft him onto his hip and carry John downstairs with his thumb in his mouth.
"John says you've had an accident?"
“Dinosaurs,” Sherlock whined, surprised to feel himself both angered and relieved by Mycroft’s presence.
Sherlock needed to swallow his pride and, like Bunny, tell Mycroft what he needed.  He needed to let Mycroft take care of the littlest side of him instead of forcing that side away before it was ready to be gone.  But It was too hard to think about saying the words, especially now that it wasn’t just him and Mycroft.  Papa Greg and Bunny were part of the game now, and if it was hard to tell Mycroft--who, Sherlock knew, probably already knew on some level and was just waiting for Sherlock to admit it--that he didn’t always want to be a big boy, it was that much harder to tell John and Greg, particularly so close to the time he’d need to interact with them as an adult once more.
Happy Holidays, loves!
Sherlock nodded, eyeing the pacifier once more as he rested his head against Mycroft’s shoulder.
There it was again, the need to comfort and soothe.  John watched as Sherlock hesitated but nodded, holding out his left forearm.  He stepped forward and reached out to push the sleeve of Sherlock's coat up to his elbow, and while he forced himself to make no noise, he knew his face must have betrayed his shock.  A few bloody cuts littered the underside of Sherlock's arm, obviously self-inflicted.
“Seatbelt,” Mycroft said.
“Remind him he can safeword out before you start?” Greg asked, and Mycroft nodded to relieve Greg’s conscience.
But Mycroft could sense the way Greg was hedging, and he raised his eyebrows, knowing there was more information to be had.
Bunny was tearful and timid when Greg returned with a change of clothes.  His arms were wrapped around himself in a hug, and he looked rather pitifully small.
“I dunno,” he said, a bit discouraged.
Greg  was cuddled up with a now-placated Sherlock when Mycroft and Bunny returned.  He tried to make eye contact with his boyfriend when the man deposited their youngest back onto the couch, but Mycroft avoided his gaze, leaving the boy to watch the end of the movie before stepping over the scattered pillows the boys had been using on the floor and retreating out of the living room.
John opened his mouth to refuse.  He was aged up, after all.  He didn’t need Greg dressing him.  But the part of him that hadn’t moved from his position, the part of him that liked the thought of a rainy afternoon aged down now that everything with Sherlock was back to normal, kept him from speaking up.  He glanced at the floor and shrugged.
Mycroft had been resting his eyes, head leaned against the headboard.
John made it about two more minutes before losing control.  Sherlock had begun simultaneously tickling his sides and running his tongue along his neck, and John was unsure which stimulation was worse.  In any case, he hadn’t been able to get his hand between his legs to hold himself, and he soon began to feel his bladder releasing, liquid leaking into his already piss-soaked underwear.
“You’re not mad?” Bunny asked.
Greg wiped the tears from the Bunny’s cheeks and pulled them close to him in another hug.  He couldn’t be sure, but it seemed that Bunny was potentially in the midst of shifting gender headspaces, not comfortable as a boy and yet not yet ready to be a girl.
He opened his mouth to address him, but Greg shook his head, shifting to carefully remove Sherlock’s arm from where the boy had wrapped it around his stomach and maneuvering John back onto his own pillow in order to allow himself the space to climb from beneath the bedclothes and step out into the hallway, where he met Mycroft after pulling the door nearly closed behind him.
Sherlock whined, but the warning glances from both his brother and John had him second guess his decision to throw a fit, and he skulked to the bathroom.  It was clear the man was too exhausted to strop once more, and Mycroft felt a bit guilty that he would have a pliant, cooperative version of Sherlock to care for that afternoon after John’s tiring ordeal of a morning.
There was a serenity to the house after the turmoil of the morning, and although Bunny was still feeling a bit groggy from the head cold, her mind was clearer and her frustration had passed.  She could not help but smile as she drifted off to sleep, feeling for the first time since coming to stay at Daddy’s flat that she was fully herself.
“I'm a grown adult, Mycroft, unless you're too much of an idiot to notice.”
“You know you’re too big for thumb sucking,” Mycroft said, causing Sherlock to look effectively chagrined.  “But I know it’s been a hard day, so I’ll allow it.”
“Sorry,” he said, voice a bit croaky from sleep.  “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock blinked down at him, and Bunny knew what he was saying had probably been rather unintelligible given his blubbering and sniffling, not to mention the thumb planted firmly in his mouth.
John blinked awake after a violent, rushed dream, heart beating as he glanced around the darkness to get his bearings.  He was breathing heavily, face and chest slick with sweat.  As he came back to himself and his circumstances, he realized he was sleeping in Sherlock’s bed, the taller man’s long limbs spread out across the mattress next to him.  Sherlock was snoring lightly, as peaceful as John was rattled.
Mycroft seemed relieved by Greg’s suggestion, and soon he and Greg were settled with their breakfast dishes and tea cups on the coffee table, close to their boys.
“...Papa?”
“Later, Papa?” Sherlock asked, and the puppy-dog eyes he gave Greg were enough to get Greg to relent in his need for questioning.  Sherlock yawned.  “I’m warm now, and I can almost forget if I feel really little.”
“Goodnight, lovebug,” Mycroft said as he shifted higher up the bed and began running his hand along John’s back.  “You're a good boy.”
The Bunny did not cry right away.  Instead, he lay in the mud with a surprised and injured expression on his face, furiously blinking back tears.
“Sherlock, I’m here,” Mycroft called through the closed and barricaded door.  It had been a statement he had called through the door again and again as he waited out Sherlock, as if it were some sort of promise he were offering up on a rotating loop.
Mycroft stood in front of Bunny with his hand extended, waiting for the boy to pass over the remote.  He was not about to wrestle the boy for the object, so he simply stood until the kid had tired himself out with his arguing and shouting.
John was definitely not ready for Sherlock to know that John had started calling Mycroft daddy, was nervous that Sherlock would tease or even that he would be hurt, and so had been careful since the night with Uncle Greg when he had first called Mycroft Daddy not to call Mycroft anything other than his name when Sherlock was in earshot.  He was worried about Sherlock’s reaction, knowing it might change something between Sherlock and Mycroft.  But when they were alone,  as they were now because Mycroft had volunteered to put John to bed while Uncle Greg took care of getting Sherlock to bed, he did not feel the need to censor himself.
John followed Mycroft as he found his coat.
Mycroft had the boy washed, dried, and dressed in a pull-up and his Little Mermaid nightshirt-- “Boys can wear mermaid nightshirts, too, Daddy”--within twenty minutes.
“Bunny sometimes feels big and he sometimes feels little, just like you,” Mycroft explained.  “But what's a little bit different is that sometimes, when Bunny feels little, Bunny feels like a little girl instead of a little boy.  He might not know where those feelings come from, but they’re there the same way your feelings about being five years old are, and he needs to trust them."
When Uncle Greg suggests that the boys play dress-up on a rainy afternoon, Sherlock's bossiness gets the better of him, leaving little John feeling confused and needy.
His voice was stern, a bit unforgiving.  He was not entirely pleased with the way Mycroft had handled the situation.  Even John himself had been thrown off by his own proclivities--he'd never anticipated gaining such strong pleasure from stereotypically feminine objects--but Mycroft’s reaction had gone beyond confusion or inquisition, and had begun to tread towards cruelty.
Hi, lovelies!
Mycroft looked at him and cocked his head a bit, clearly confused.
It went unspoken that it had been too long since the boys were young.  There had been a string of four overlapping cases--one or two of which Mycroft may have sent their way as a means of keeping them distracted while he himself handled a rather trying workload--which had kept them busy since the end of November.  He and Greg had intended to allow time for them to be small before the holidays hit, knowing family gatherings did not exactly inspire emotional constancy.  But Sherlock and John had taken on another case to help out Greg, Mycroft had been distracted by government affairs, and, as a result, the men had gone over a month without any time for ageplay.
None of the men were fans of exhibitionism.  Any littleness or caretaking was kept as private as possible.  So Sherlock knew that John had nothing to worry about.  It was like Mycroft to want to use the weekend away to get John more comfortable in his headspace, and he knew Uncle Greg would know the best ways to help John through any anxiety that might come up from the new experience.  But Sherlock knew John hadn’t had the best track record with being little in public.  Apart from the quick stop into the rest area on their drive up from London, he had last been little at the zoo, which had not exactly been a trip where he had remained inconspicuous.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat and pulled the coloring book close to his chest to hide the picture from Papa and Daddy and Bunny.  He knew he hadn’t exactly been staying in the lines of his astronaut picture, but that didn’t mean Papa had to tease.  It had been hard to stay in the lines today; it wasn’t like Sherlock had scribbled on purpose.
“All night I kept thinking I was such a bad kid.  I could barely focus on the movie.  I was terrified I would pee myself again. God, thank you for not saying anything when I went to use the bathroom every twenty minutes between the bath you gave us and bedtime.”
“Sherlock!” Daddy chastised as he twisted around his shoulder to glare at the curly-haired boy.
“Shut up, Mycroft,” Sherlock called from the other room.
“Greg? Is everything alright? Did John go down for bed?”
“It’s okay, lady bug,” Greg said, stepping back from the kid but cupping his cheeks and kissing his forehead.  “You’re okay.”
“Daddy?” he said.  “I have to go potty, now.”
“Do you want to choose your jammies, Bun, or want me to do it?” Mycroft asked, holding Bunny’s old favorite pair of lion pajamas in one hand and the new nightgown he’d bought for the boy in the other.
“I’m sorry, Uncle Greg,” Bunny said, looking up towards the man.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock’s tantrum.  He’d successfully pulled the focus away from a frazzled John, who for his part seemed to be far away in thought, not paying any mind to the stomping, growling Sherlock darting about the room.  Mycroft would need to watch John’s mannerisms and temperament to gain more information.  Was it possible Sherlock was onto something? Would Mycroft be looking after a younger version of the doctor sometime soon?  He had to admit he was rather intrigued by the idea.
John tucked himself away in a corner close to the bathroom doorway when the others streamed into the room, feeling somehow protective of the body lying prone beside the bathtub and in front of the toilet now that there were others milling about.  He told Anderson and the techs what he’d found, and they listened half-heartedly, bending to begin their own examinations.  Anderson raised an eyebrow at John's assessment, clearly resentful that the man had been allowed first glance at the scene.
John didn’t want to get up off the couch, and he certainly didn’t want to use the bathroom.  But Greg had figured him out, and John knew he wouldn’t let him off that easily
Greg’s face fell into concern.
He didn’t have time to process what it meant that Mycroft had not gone back to bed but had instead waited outside the room in case he needed him.  A part of John would later realize that the plush rabbit he was so fond of while Bunny was beside Mycroft on the floor, as if Mycroft wanted to be prepared for either of John’s headspaces.  For the moment, the rabbit remained abandoned, and all John could do was allow his shoulders to be grasped by Mycroft.  The taller man stepped close and spoke calmly and pragmatically, leading John in guided breathing and explaining again and again that he was safe.
“But he needed to know if, once we age down, I wanted to be potty training, too.”
It also seems like you guys are all for me uploading the stories that come later in the timeline, so I'll start uploading one of those in the next day or so--I might as well share them since they're already drafted!
“Are you going to let him off the hook anytime soon?” Greg asked when Mycroft returned to the kitchen after dealing with Sherlock’s most recent temper tantrum--one he'd thrown over what he deemed the too-babyish cartoons currently on the telly.
“Yeah, Daddy,” Bunny said, relieved that Mycroft seemed to be taking this all in stride.  “And maybe I could have stickers, Daddy?”
“See if they’re awake,” Sherlock whispered, turning towards John.
“If Sherlock used the loo,” Papa said, looking steadily at Sherlock, who could not help but squirm under his steady gaze, “then, yes, Bun.  He gets to choose a sticker.”
Mycroft paused in an attempt to gauge how much of his rather convoluted explanation an overtired little Sherlock was grasping.  Adult Sherlock had likely done his fair share of cerebric processing regarding John’s decision to express himself as feminine.  However, as with all new developments, Sherlock was not nearly as skilled at processing his feelings.  His younger side allowed his intellectual understanding to fall away in lieu of his emotional, and it allowed Mycroft to help Sherlock come to terms with all sides of a situation.
“Look after yourself, too,” Mycroft said with an eyebrow cocked, and Greg smiled.
He wasn’t surprised when the pull-up began to leak, trickling down the inseam of Sherlock’s pajama trousers, but Sherlock certainly seemed to be distraught, whimpering as he did a frantic potty dance in an attempt to put an end to the accident.
“Love you, Daddy,” Bunny called as he knuckled his eye.
Sherlock became angrier at John’s taunt, and his voice was desperate and vicious when he next spoke.
Sherlock sat up straighter in his seat and cleared his throat.
“Here you go,” Mycroft said, passing John the plush bunny.
He didn’t say anything more.  John knew Sherlock had seen the good ageplay had done for John, the good it still had left to do for him.  Even so, John wasn't sure he could be little without feeling guilty over his relationship with Mycroft.
Warnings: mentions of self-harm and drug addiction.
“Is something else worrying you?” he asked.
His mobile began ringing, and despite his first instinct to ignore, he leaned over the mattress to find his jacket where he had let it drop to the floor and fished in the pocket until he found his phone.
“Lay down, now,” he said, prompting the boys to settle their heads back onto his shoulder or chest.  “Let Papa tell his story.”
“Bath?” he asked, then immediately slipped his thumb into his mouth, needing the comfort.
Greg had the kid easily settled, sending him back to the living room with a sippy cup of apple juice for himself and one of grape juice for John.
“You’re sick, bud.  I think it might be a good idea to keep a pull-up on, just in case.”
Sherlock shook his head again.
“Sherlock!” Uncle Greg said, shock in his voice.  Bunny felt Mycroft shake his head, could picture the look of disappointment on his Daddy’s face even as he kept his eyes pressed into Mycroft’s neck.
“I’m sorry!” Sherlock wailed once more, desperate to make things right with Mycroft so he could begin to make things right with Greg and especially with John.
I hope you're all doing well--sending Bunny kisses! <3
His own father had barely known the names of his best friends, yet here was Greg, understanding John’s unease even while John did everything in his power to present himself as capable.  It wasn't the first time he'd been struck by the injustices of his upbringing.
“That’s right, Bun,” Mycroft smiled.  “We all have scary things that have happened to us in the past.  But what happened to Sherlock was not your fault, and I’m sure Sherlock is going to be happy to have you as a little sister.”
“I’m sorry for throwing and for crying and for wetting and for not letting you wash my shirt, John,” he said in a litany of faults when John refused to comfort Sherlock without the appropriate ending of time out: the apology.  Another of Mycroft’s rules.  “I’ll be a good boy.”
Mycroft placed his hand on Sherlock’s forehead
“John?” Greg asked, expectant as he examined his body language.
“Bunny yelled and I woke up too fast,” Sherlock sniffled, knuckling at an eye.  “Papa helped but I wanted you.”
“Stop apologizing and get me a clean pair of pajama pants from that drawer,” Sherlock said, nodding towards the dresser against the far wall.  It was the same dresser he had used to barricade himself inside the bedroom earlier that day.
“Understood,” Mycroft said.  He knew John was uncomfortable when he was forced to spank Sherlock.  He often allowed Mycroft to take care of it when the need arose; it was no wonder he did not want physical punishments for himself.  “No physical punishments or deliberate humiliations.”
He had been the one to let John in on ageplay.  He had been the one who accepted John as another caretaker and then he had even been the one to bring John’s own need for care out into the open.  He had gone and given John his nickname and thus created the cuter, less difficult than Sherlock, Bunny.  He had allowed John to understand the level of comfort of which Mycroft was capable and allowed Mycroft to understand how nice it was to have an affectionate and pliable little.
“Are you...okay?” Sherlock asked when they’d settled into a silence.
And then, all at once, he knew he needed to leave the crime scene before he wet himself.
“Of course not,” Mycroft assured, helping Sherlock off with his shirt.  “You’ve been a good boy today all things considered.  I’m proud of you.”
“I can’t help you unless you tell me, buddy,” Mycroft said, trying to keep himself from sighing.  The boy blinked up at him and then dissolved into tears once more.  Mycroft rubbed the boy’s shoulders.  Greg wouldn’t be the only one grateful for the solitude of naptime, this afternoon.
“You want to call John ‘bunny’?” he asked.
My Sherlock obsession sort of faded out a bit, which made it harder to write for the fandom.  I also never really liked the turn this story took. It was supposed to be a sweet story about cute little space, but I ended up bring in tons of drama that I don't think I was really sure how to come back from.
“I heard, baby,” Papa said, crooking a finger beneath Bunny’s chin to guide her to look up.  “But there’s something more.  Something you told Daddy before your nap?”
“I can’t be small right now,” John said, short in his tone.
So, he sat perched outside Sherlock’s door and vacillated between trying to think through and prepare himself for all of the various ways Sherlock may deal with the news that Mycroft had become John’s daddy and trying to think through all of the ways he himself could apologize to what would surely be a disappointed and frustrated boyfriend come morning.
“Doing okay, there, little one?” Greg asked, catching Bunny’s eye in the rear-view once more.
“Wait a minute,” Papa called as he stood and crossed to the fridge.  Sherlock paused in his rush from the room.  “Take this with you,” he said, holding out a juicebox and then a granola bar.
“He’ll be aged up by tomorrow, I assume,” Mycroft said.  “Seems to be vacillating between selves at the moment.”
Had it been Mycroft, Sherlock would have disobeyed and misbehaved until his brother had no choice but to prove that he cared by taking him over his knee and settling him into submission.  But Papa operated on a different set of expectations, and Sherlock had long since come to understand that Papa could not fulfill the same role as Mycroft in his care.
Mycroft had dressed and packed up the boys, fed them breakfast, made them wash their faces and use the loo before he sent them, slathered in sunscreen, off with Lestrade.  Now that John and Sherlock’s flat was empty, he packed up and called for a car to take him to the office, where he settled down with his tea and newspaper and spent the morning absorbed in work and conference calls with rather incompetent people.
Mycroft did what he could to school his frustration.  Sherlock was not choosing to slip; he was overworked and overtired, and anxiety about the visit to their parents and, more likely than not, about being away from what had become the stabilizing presence of John, was likely not helping his little brother remain level-headed.
John glanced over his shoulder and nodded to Mycroft by way of greeting.
Both boys were yawning into their plush animals before The Little Mermaid was half-over, Sherlock in Mycroft’s lap and Bunny in Uncle Greg’s.  Sherlock could see that, in the space between them on the couch, Mycroft and Uncle Greg were holding hands.
Mycroft leaned forward and kissed John on the forehead.  John blushed, and mumbled that he was big, but he was grateful for the comfort no matter what he said.  Deep down, he wasn't sure if he’d have been able to function had Mycroft not accepted this part of him.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, although he was skeptical.  "But that’s not how it works."
Sherlock was latched onto Bunny’s Daddy like a monkey and it didn’t look as if he were planning to let go anytime soon.  It wasn’t fair.  Bunny wanted to be the littlest that day, wanted Daddy and Papa to snuggle him and look out for him while Sherlock’s teasing kept him small and vulnerable; he felt too fuzzy in his mind to be the big brother because he maybe just wanted to be the little sister.
It did not escape John’s mind that these instances of found helplessness more often than not included him wetting his pants.  He knew this was part of the appeal of wetting himself, that the lack of control he experienced whenever he had an accident was somehow freeing.
Another update for all of you lovelies! Your comments make me smile so much and I'm so glad you're enjoying the story.
“Hey, it’s okay,” he said, assuring the boy as quickly as possible.  “It was just an accident.  I’m not mad and we can clean the carpet.”
“I don’t lose the ability to hear or to see when I’m young, John,” Sherlock said with a sigh, as if tired by John’s shock.  “And, because I know you likely didn’t believe me the first time this issue came up: it’s fine.  I don’t have nearly as many gender-hang-ups as you.  Any anger or displeasure regarding your choice of gender which may or may not be displayed by my younger self is firmly rooted in selfish jealousy over the attention it brings to you and not, I can assure you, rooted in disgust of any kind.”
“The little one’s got you wrapped around your little finger,” Greg had teased after dinner as the boys colored in the living room and he and Mycroft took care of the dishes.
“I don’t need you to stay,” John said, even as he felt his anger slipping into what threatened to be a weepy frustration.
There were tears forming in the kid’s eyes when he next met Greg’s gaze, and he was sucking hard at his thumb, but his face was set as if he were trying to keep from breaking down.  Greg reached out to place a hand on the boy’s knee in assurance, then gently guided the kid's hand away from his mouth so that he could speak clearly.
“John,” Mycroft said.
Stressful days always exacerbated Mycroft’s tendency to comfort himself with food.  The spread he was currently putting together--cheese, fruit, meat, and veggies--seemed to include larger portions than what they’d eaten for dinner.
He took the steps to the second floor of the flat two at a time, but paused when he reached John’s closed bedroom door.  He wanted to give John space and independence until he had ascertained his current mindset.
Mycroft chose not to engage with Sherlock’s little tantrums about family Christmas.  They both knew he was not about to trudge alone through turkey dinner and complaints from his mother that he did not call often enough, nor was he about to let Sherlock spend a solitary Christmas in his dingy flat.  So it was a surprise to neither of them when Mycroft showed up at 221b Baker Street early on the morning of Christmas Eve.
“Guest room,” he said, self-assured in his decision.
Mycroft mimicked Greg’s
“Of course,” Mycroft said.  “Whenever you’re ready.”
Papa sighed and sat Bunny back down onto the bed before kneeling down to be on her level.
“Like a princess,” he said, and John smiled even wider, unconcerned that his cheeks were beginning to hurt.
Sherlock shook his head emphatically, making a guttural sound of distress in the back of his throat.
Mycroft twisted around and looked at Greg with an eyebrow raised.
“No,” Greg said, quick to reassure the boy that he was not in trouble for his accident.  “But I do think a time-out is in order for disobeying Daddy.”
John nodded, cheeks blazing with embarrassment.
Sherlock turned around from his spot with his eyes brimming with tears.
“See you in a few minutes, kid,” Greg said quietly to Sherlock with a wink.  Sherlock sighed, knowing Greg was only trying to help but hating the way he felt so patronized and belittled.  He wasn’t little.  Well, he wasn’t fully little.
“I don’t need it, My,” he said, still clinging to the door handle.  “I’ll be in the water the whole time.  The sun won’t get me.”
But Bunny didn’t move, instead pulling his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around his legs.  He was crying once more, silent except for a sniffle as tears fell.
But Sherlock had given up looking.  He growled in the back of his throat and began reaching forward to pull apart the puzzle he’d nearly completed, suddenly angry.
“Bunny? Can Daddy come in?” Mycroft called gently.
“I put him down for a nap,” she said, throwing a dish towel over her shoulder as she crossed to the fridge to retrieve the Egg Nog.
“That’s enough, now,” Mycroft said when he could sense Sherlock fatiguing.  “Good boy.”
He was not surprised that Bunny had wet himself over the course of the morning.  The boy hadn’t wanted to be out of Sherlock’s sight for a moment, sticking so close that Sherlock had begun to shrug him away when he tried to sit immediately next to him, shoulder to shoulder.
“Oh, bud,” Mycroft said, upset that the man would even think Mycroft might ask him to stop being little and unable to keep from slipping into caretaker mode.  “It’s nothing like that.  I wanted to assure you that I take great joy in caring for both you and Sherlock.  I am not skilled at expressing emotion--a trait I share with my brother.  But I am a man of many acquaintances and few friends.  I hope I am not presumptuous to group you into the latter category.”
Sherlock's mind was stimulated, racing with possibilities and new understandings.  They’d done a bit of dominance play in the past, but it had always been John who had taken charge, slotting himself into what he must have seen as the more acceptable role.  They were nights John was drunk and his inhibitions were low enough to command and to degrade and to call Sherlock
“Nonsense,” she said, clucking her tongue as she crossed to set the dishes on the sideboard.  “Sit down.  Lord knows we could all use a break from the frivolity.  It’s why I never let anyone else help me with the dishes--I need a little breathing room.”
Greg seemed to immediately register that John was slipping down into headspace, and he sighed, loosening his hold on John without letting go.
He let the pressure in his bladder guide him deeper into headspace.  If Bunny was younger, if he was little enough to be squirming around desperate for the loo, maybe Sherlock would feel welcome to sink a bit younger as well.  A part of him must have observed Sherlock had been hovering around a disgruntled 8 or 9 all day; generally when Sherlock sunk lower, closer to 5, he was less self-loathing, less averse to the comfort even Bunny could see he had been so desperately wanting all day.
He stood and transferred Sherlock from his arms to Greg’s.  Luckily, the boy only stirred slightly to settle himself in Greg’s lap, and was quickly sleeping soundly once more.  Greg leaned back and rested his head on the back of the chair, closing his own eyes.  Mycroft kissed Sherlock on the forehead, then, seeing that Greg was nearly as drained by the morning’s events as Mycroft was of his own, he planted a kiss to Greg’s forehead as well.
“I’m...I’m alright,” he tried again, having second thoughts now that he was facing the prospect of being put down for a nap.  “It’s really not--”
John checked the time and got out of his chair to crouch down beside Sherlock, careful to step around the nearly completed puzzle of the world map.  It was past dinnertime, and John hoped he could get Sherlock to eat something before it got too late.
“There’s a plastic sheet on his mattress and on Bunny’s, just in case,” Mycroft said, “Even so.  You know as well as I that it’s far easier to deal with a wet pull-up than wet sheets.”
Mycroft lifted the man and placed him in his lap sideways as he sat on the edge of the bed.  John looked up at the taller man, taking a small amount of comfort from being pressed close to him.  He was grateful that Mycroft seemed to know how to keep him aged down because John did not want to age back up yet.  He was feeling too vulnerable and shy to be an adult.
By the time Greg changed into something more comfortable and joined Mycroft downstairs, there was a bottle of wine opened on the kitchen counter.  Greg sighed in relief as he placed John’s mobile in a basket of keys at the far end of the counter and sank into a bar stool across from Mycroft, who was busy slicing cheese and meat for an after-the-boy’s-bedtime snack.
How could Greg have lost him?  He was sure the boy had been beside him just a moment before, remembered the way he had run his hand along the fur of his new bunny while Greg had looked for Sherlock’s diapers.  Then again, maybe that had been as they left the toy section?  Was he even certain John had been with him as they came to the pharmacy aisles?  One thing was for sure: Mycroft was going to kill him.
“Is that the only reason you haven’t accepted one, yet?”
“How can you be so sure?  I’m not even sure what the implications of this are, Mycroft.”
“Be a good boy,” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he stepped into the bathroom, teasing John for the way he’d earlier responded to such comments.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Sherlock mumbled around the pacifier, lifting a hand to rub at an eye with his wrist.
There were questions to be answered and issues to address, but Sherlock was unconcerned, confident in the fact that Sherlock Holmes and John Watson had not yet met a puzzle they couldn’t solve.  The surety was a bit of bravado on Sherlock’s part; there were unsolved cases and unresolved emotional issues in their pasts which remained glaringly unsolved.  But Sherlock was still riding the high of the morning, replaying John’s gasping breaths over in his mind, and he was inclined to allow himself the foolishness of selective memory, if only for a moment.
“That’s fine,” Mycroft said.
His Daddy relented.
Greg had done a quick-clean up of Bunny before situating him in bed, cleaning the urine from his skin with baby wipes before hastily putting him to bed in his undershirt and a fresh pull-up.  Luckily, the exhausted man had slept through most of the clean-up job, so Greg had been able to get to Sherlock without a delay.
Mycroft sighed and, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s upper arm and one of his elbows, hoisted him up until he was seated in his lap.  Sherlock whined, squirming to get away, but Mycroft held him firmly in place, and eventually the boy settled.
Ageplay had done wonders for John’s anxiety brought on by his PTSD, something he had come to see during sessions with his therapist where she prodded for changes in his life in an attempt to find causation for his less apprehensive mindset.  He shrugged and told her he was doing nothing differently, not ready to express to her that he was coloring in princess coloring books and calling another man “Daddy,” but it had not been hard to realize the connection.  John may have come a long way since he had begun therapy, but he was, first and foremost, a private person.
There was a pause, then mumbling that Greg could not understand.  They had just turned off the expressway, and he took advantage of the side streets to pull off on the side of the road.
John was hesitant.  Sherlock rarely showed any displays of affection while in public, at times went out of his way to defray any suspicions that they were a couple.  John knew these were his own hang-ups, not Sherlock’s, that if it weren’t for John’s ridiculous aversion to others thinking he was gay, Sherlock would not waste any energy attempting to uphold the friends illusion.
His brother’s eyebrows knitted together for a moment before he sat back in his chair and raised them once more, a silent command for Greg to continue.
“No,” he said, a flash of adult Sherlock emerging from the haze of his littleness.  “No, I can’t do that.  I don’t want them to know.”
Sherlock swore when the warmth of the blanket was removed, then scrambled to a sitting position before wincing and holding his head in his hands.  John moaned, pressing his face into his pillow.  Yes, Mycroft hummed, the men were certainly hung over.  They must have gone out to the pub the night before.  A rare occurrence, but nothing out of the ordinary.  It was one of John’s tricks to keep Sherlock entertained and away from drugs when he was feeling fidgety and not in the mood for age play.
"My, do you think Santa came to London?" Sherlock asked, the thought striking him as he thought about how wonderful it would be to be home at Mycroft's with John and Papa and Dimitri.
Sherlock felt as if he had missed something, the prickling of his adult mind berating him for not deducing the shift in Mycroft and John's relationship himself.
“Do you think you owe Bunny an apology for saying you don’t like girls?” he asked.
“Now, don’t sink down just yet,” Mycroft said, pouring bourbon into each glass and passing one across the table to John.  “Let’s talk logistics.”
Sherlock was now crying, but Bunny felt nothing but relief as he was carried away by his Daddy, who took him into the bathroom to draw a warm bath.
Sherlock knew that Mycroft was right.  He'd been having such a tough time shifting down into headspace because he wasn’t allowing himself the
He could not help but hear Mycroft’s voice in the back of his mind telling little boy Bunny to take his own advice and stand up for himself against the more domineering little Sherlock, but John ignored it.  Today had been the day he’d finally felt comfortable enough to be his true little girl self around Sherlock.  There were only so many personal successes he could reach in one day.
“Of me?” he asked, and Mycroft nodded.
He searched in the medicine cabinet for some cough medicine and then carried the boy back to his room and lay him in bed.  Sherlock immediately snuggled up to his plush animals and put his thumb in his mouth, bringing his legs up to his chest, making himself as small as possible.
“But they
It's a Christmas miracle!  I'm back with a short and sweet chapter that is the beginning of the end for this story.
“I have to pee,” he said from his place just inside the doorway, still shifting in place.
“Rinse your mouth for me, bud,” Greg said, stepping closer and filling a small cup with water.
Mycroft quirked an eyebrow and smiled, nodding.
John whined, but did as Mycroft said.
,” he said, throat tight with shame and voice catching on tears.  “They
Find me on
“Yeah, bud?”
“Yeah, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, voice devoid of the whininess it had held a moment before.  “Who are you, Ebeneezer Scrooge?”
“Exactly, smart boy,” Mycroft said, choosing to ignore the way Sherlock hid his face as he was praised.  “It was important that I helped Bunny feel safe last night after his scary dreams.  Do you understand?”
“Can I help?” Greg asked.
“Need help,” he mumbled, pleading with his big brother.
Mycroft had sent Greg to the store with the express purpose of picking up diapers for Sherlock.  Although Greg had never seen Sherlock slip younger than his usual five years old, Mycroft had explained that, although it hadn’t yet happened in the presence of John and Greg, there were still periodic nights when Sherlock came to Mycroft younger and more vulnerable than usual, when he settled down to an age of two or three years old.  It was good for him, Mycroft explained, and he wished Sherlock would allow himself to give in to the younger headspace more often.
on the top line in clear, bold script before pushing it back in front of Bunny.
But soon Sherlock was breathing heavily, sneaking grabs to his crotch when he thought Mycroft was distracted by driving.  Mycroft cursed his brother’s stubbornness and gave up on his own, vowing to stop at the next service station and force the kid--because, yes, at the moment Sherlock was indeed acting more child than adult--to pee.  If the whimpering and shifting hips were anything to go by, they were in danger of Sherlock wetting himself, and Mycroft was fairly certain the embarrassment alone would send the man little.
A fitful Sherlock had taken more than half an hour to be put to bed, but the man was finally asleep on the couch beneath an extra blanket and pillows from the bed John had made during the process of tidying Sherlock’s clutter; John had been unable to wait idly while Mycroft bathed Sherlock, and so had taken to cleaning the consulting detective’s disaster of a bedroom.  He bundled clothing into the laundry basket and passed it to Mycroft, who listened for Sherlock babbling to himself in the bathtub while he started a load of laundry which included the trousers and boxer briefs Sherlock had wet in earlier.  The apartment sounded of running water and books thumping back into their place on bookshelves.  John tapped papers into stacks where he rested them on Sherlock’s desk and untacked news clippings and images of the recently solved murder case from the living room walls, knowing the man was in no state to be reminded of the gruesome nature of the serial killer’s plans.
“Want you, Daddy,” John said despite knowing it would be impossible for Mycroft to come home at the moment.
It wasn’t a surprise when he began to leak in his underwear.  He chanced a glance down towards his crotch while Uncle Greg was watching the movie.  There was nothing yet visible on his pajama pants, but John could feel his underwear warm and wet as his bladder released a spurt of wetness.  John gasped and grabbed at his crotch when a second spurt leaked into his pants, but quickly moved his hand away and turned back to the movie when Uncle Greg glanced over at him.
“I’d, uh...I’d like a clue as to what exactly is going on,” he said, his back turned to Mycroft and Greg.  “At some point.”
“They saw,” Bunny mumbled at last, voice barely audible as he sat hunched, arms wrapped around the plush toy clutched to his chest.  “They weren’t supposed to know.”
“Sweetheart, you know you can tell me or your Papa anything at all,” he said.
“It’s lunchtime, Sherlock,” John said, voice firm.  “Put away your mobile and come sit.”
John shrugged and pressed the heels of his hands against his closed eyes.  “I couldn’t sleep,” he said, blinking up at Mycroft.  “And then I overthought everything from today and I pulled myself out of headspace before I knew what was happening.”
“Tell me what’s wrong, baby,” Greg said, wanting nothing more than to make things right for the kid again.
Greg clucked his tongue and rubbed his hand along Bunny’s back as he hugged the boy to his chest.  He whispered assurances into his ear, telling him he understood and that he wasn’t in trouble and that the car seat would clean up just fine.  He began rocking the boy once more, hoping to keep him from more tears.  Eventually, the boy was quiet and sleepy on his shoulder.
“Get some rest,” he said.
This is the bedtime chapter, and it's from little John's perspective, but the next is from little Sherlock's.  I know a lot of you have been waiting for some more little 'Lock, so I'll upload that today, too, since it's already written.  This chapter references the chat Mycroft and John have in "Uncle Greg and Little John" when Mycroft comes home after John has wet himself and first called Mycroft "Daddy," but that chat isn't uploaded to that story yet (it should be soon).  Even so, it shouldn't be confusing without that context.  For some reason I was inspired to continue this guy first, and next I'll get back to Uncle Greg and Little John.  Thanks for bearing with me and my random inspirations!
Mycroft began to eat at Greg’s insistence that his food was getting cold, but, while they ate, he explained to Greg the way in which Sherlock, in what appeared to be a moment of his adult mindset encroaching upon his youthfulness that day, had suggested that John may be little himself.
Sherlock pulled the blankets over his head and dissolved into hitching sobs, nose running.
Greg wouldn’t have been surprised if the boy had already wet the pull-up earlier that night.  The pull-up certainly seemed to be fuller than a single wetting, particularly given the amount of liquid which had spilled into the bed and into a puddle on the floor beneath Bunny.  He should have checked if the boy was wet before putting him down to sleep.
“Sherlock,” John said, turning from the sink and waiting until Sherlock’s wandering eyes met his.  “What do you say you pick out a puzzle and get it set up in the living room while I tidy up a bit?”
“--Milk, or juice?  Or would you like me to choose for you?”
Sherlock was close to sleep by the time they had shifted out of the city proper and onto the expressway towards the countryside.  But as Mycroft shifted lanes, he noticed Sherlock’s hand suspiciously close to his mouth.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Bunny whispered after they had been rocking for the better part of twenty minutes.
“Icky,” he said, shifting where he sat.
“I don't think so,” Mycroft said, not wanting to push the man if it would upset him.  “We’ll let him try after dinner, how does that sound?”
Sherlock nodded.  They had had the conversation many times before; Mycroft did not need to reiterate what the boy already knew.  Conversely, he needed to reassure the boy that big brother was there for him, that he could always trust him to help put things back into order.  There were a few key ways Mycroft could do that for Sherlock, but only the kid could tell him which one he needed at the moment.
“Alright,” Greg said, pinching the bridge of his nose the way he did when particularly overwhelmed.  “Give me twenty minutes.  Don’t let them inside until I arrive.”
P.S. Remember to check out ficlets for this series over on my
Mycroft should have seen this coming.  He’d been so focused on the boys being sick and on Sherlock being extra young that he’d failed to identify the confusion going on in Bunny’s mind.  The kid hadn’t been railing against Mycroft’s endearments throughout the day because they labelled him a baby; he’d been railing against them because they’d labeled him a boy.  How had Mycroft been so entirely off the mark?
Mycroft had just put the seasoned chicken into the oven and was beginning to prepare the broccoli when he heard shouting from the other room.  He paused, and Sherlock’s raised voice was heard over Bunny’s tears.
“I, ah,” Greg began, turning the beer can in his hand.  “I take care of them.”
“Where’s Ariel?” Mycroft asked, and John yanked back his sheets and blankets until he found his stuffed lion tangled in the bedclothes.  He pulled the stuffed animal to his chest.  It was John’s only little item Mycroft had not been able to pack, as the man had started to keep her with him, close by even when the man was big.  But whether out of necessity or convenience, Mycroft was unsure.
“I, ah...we should probably...talk, eventually,” he said.
Sherlock was surprised when he met John’s gaze, perhaps taken aback by the interruption or the warmth in John’s tone.  But in the next moment he seemed to realize that John had received his point, that he felt Sherlock was currently putting on a bit of a needlessly detailed display.
It went unspoken that Mycroft chose to write to his new friend instead of spending time with Sherlock, instead of tucking him in as had been the custom before Mycroft had gone away.  Things had changed after that summer.  Mycroft began explaining to Sherlock that he needed to take care of himself a bit more, that it wasn't normal for seven year olds to need stories before bedtime or help brushing their teeth.
Sherlock giggled and nodded, clearly pleased to have a secret to keep with his brother.  Mycroft helped him out of his t-shirt and into the bath when the water level was high enough, finding a few bath toys that had migrated from the hall loo, where the boys were usually bathed.  Sherlock settled in nicely, playing quietly as Mycroft washed and shampooed.
Mycroft did what he could to keep his body relaxed despite the worry the question brought.  There were calculations going through his mind all at once, potential stories he could attempt to weave and the likelihood of Sherlock's accepting them.  But even Mycroft Holmes had had enough of hidden information and false statements for the day; hopefully, a little bit of truth would do more good than harm.  As far as Mycroft could sense, the long-believed story that Redbeard was a dog had not been shaken by the morning’s discussion.
Mycroft pulled Greg close and began knotting the man’s tie as Greg tucked his shirt into his trousers.
“No problem, love,” he said, shifting his eyes back to the road to begin looking for rest stop signs.  “I’ll find us a loo, okay?”
“Redbeard was a good dog,” Sherlock mumbled, half-asleep, and Mycroft hummed in agreement.
Mycroft and Greg had gotten the kids to sleep without much fuss; both were clearly exhausted by the events of the day, too tired to put up much of a bedtime strop.  Mycroft took care of quick baths and getting their teeth brushed; Greg handled pull-ups, pajamas, and the storybooks before lights out.  They had left the boys cuddled beneath the soft stars cast by the nightlights in their adjoining bedrooms, the door between them open so neither felt alone.
John closed his eyes and groaned.  Of course Greg had called Mycroft.  Of course John’s shame was passed around from person to person within moments.  John lay back on the mattress and once more pulled the sheets over himself.  He wished he could start the day over again.
“Bunny, can Daddy come in for a minute?” Mycroft asked.
“Probably fancied himself a night of take-away and porn far from his nagging wife and sniveling kids,” Anderson sneered, nasal voice grating on John.  “Got a lot more than he bargained for, didn’t he?”
It was Mycroft who was most against the idea--Sherlock had heard him discussing it with their parents one night after he’d been put to bed, insisting that it would not turn out well.  But their parents shrugged off his concerns, and the next day Sherlock was told to pack a bag for the sleepover.
Bunny rubbed her eyes as she woke to a weight pressing down the end of her bed.  She had been dreaming about spending the day on the beach with Sherlock and her Daddy and Papa, building sandcastles and chasing the seagulls.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at a snivelling John and then turned back to Mycroft.  He took his pacifier out of his mouth and scooted closer to his older brother, not wanting to hurt his little brother’s feelings by speaking out of turn but knowing he just wanted Bunny to be happy again.  Bunny’s sadness was making Sherlock sadder.
The boy glanced and smirked as he shrugged, reaching out his spoonful of macaroni towards Mycroft.
Mycroft hummed and turned to face his brother.
There was urgency to his voice, the sort of no-nonsense tone he used when working with the efficiency required for police work.  John could not help but identify that it was reminiscent of the tone he used when in Papa-mode, working to solve a problem that had emerged between Sherlock and Bunny.
Mycroft couldn’t stand to see the boy so upset.  He reached out to guide the boy into his arms, situating him on the floor between his legs.  He held him close, letting the boy cry out his distress.  He felt such a strong love and affection for John and for Bunny; he couldn’t stand the clear turmoil the boy was currently suffering.
“John?”
“See if you can get some rest, little one,” Mycroft said as they pulled out of the parking lot.  “We’ll be home soon.”
“Yes, peanut?” Mycroft asked, bringing two plates of food to the kitchen table.
“Can you do me a favor, Bun?” Greg asked.  He had set the boy down onto the pavement of the parking lot after giving him one last squeeze.
But the laundry was piling up and Sherlock, at times, could not keep from wetting on the furniture, some of which was quite difficult to clean.  It was John who had suggested training pants.  He had noticed Sherlock’s piqued interest one afternoon when they were watching telly and an advertisement for pull-ups appeared on the screen.  John thought they might be just enough to feed Sherlock’s desire for humiliation which would keep him locked into headspace when he needed the help while still saving them from too many clean-up jobs.  They knew toddler training pull-ups would be too small for Sherlock.  The bedwetter pants were a good compromise; a big-kid version of training pants that would just fit Sherlock’s skinny hips.
“Do you think we could start this over from the beginning?” Mycroft asked, speaking softly, his chin resting atop Sherlock’s head.
London tube system?” John asked, recognizing two empty boxes and a pile of mixed puzzle pieces on the carpet.
Sherlock sat on the carpeted floor, back pressed against the wall between the two windows of the child’s bedroom.  He wanted nothing more than to be back in his own bedroom at Baker Street, where he would have been able to barricade himself in seclusion for days at a time if need be.  Where he had hidden stashes of drugs.  Here, he had nothing with which to entertain himself, nothing to use to distract himself from the current situation.
Greg was disappointed in himself.  He should have realized that Bunny’s choice of pajamas may be a sign of the kid’s gender identity at the moment.  He knew it was difficult for Bunny to speak up when he was not feeling like their little boy; Greg should have been a bit more observant.
“John, please listen to me,” Mycroft said in the voice he used when at his most sincere.  “You have not done anything wrong.  It was my decision not to tell Sherlock about the development in our relationship until I deemed him ready.”
Mycroft nodded, then guided Sherlock to rearrange himself so he could look him in the eye.  Sherlock shifted until he was straddling Mycroft’s lap, his back leaning against the edge of the kitchen table.  He peeked up at Mycroft through watery eyes and was relieved to see his brother looking at him not with disappointment for Sherlock’s admission of selfishness, but with something more resembling care and compassion.
Sherlock was squirming out of his chair, more interested in playing than eating lunch.  His Daddy glanced up from where he was trying to get Sherlock back into a seated position, but he was looking over his head at Uncle Greg, not at him.
He threw a mini-fit in the seat that confirmed his quickly-devolving headspace, arching his back so his head hit against the headrest and whining in the back of his throat, but then he pulled himself together enough to crawl towards his brother and to drop himself over his knees, never more grateful for tinted windows than he was at the moment.
“It’s okay, buddy,” Papa said with a smile.  “Now get downstairs before your little brother eats up all your dinosaur nuggets.”
Bunny nodded.
The collective “we” in John’s phrasing was sharp and cutting.  Sherlock knew he was not included in that “we,” more evidence that John and Mycroft had suddenly become a unit without room for Sherlock.
“There’s my little bunny rabbit,” Greg said, smiling down at John and reaching to cup his cheek.  “You doing okay, baby?”
“Sherlock?” John whispered through the dimness of the room.  His voice was softer, settling back down into his younger self.  “Lock?”
I hope you've all been doing very well since I've last posted.  I apologize for going silent for a while (grad school/work/traveling/you know the drill), but I'm back for at least a few more chapters to round out this story, and I promise to get back to A Little Training sometime soon, as well.
“Why?”
Sherlock nodded, squirming when Mycroft helped him out of the car.  Mycroft moved quickly to the boot of the rental car, retrieving Sherlock’s overnight bag before crossing back to the boy, who was shifting his weight where he stood beside the passenger door and had a hand pressed between his legs.
“Good morning, kiddo,” he said softly, and John stirred, tightening his lips around the borrowed pacifier in his mouth with a deep breath in, but keeping his eyes closed.
Sherlock whined to block out the sound of Mycroft’s voice, feeling the push of his indignation against the pull of his neediness.
“I love you too, Sherlock,” he said.
The little detective squirmed for only a moment as Mycroft settled the boy’s weight and long limbs into a comfortable position on his hip.  He had grown accustomed to carrying John and needed to readjust for his brother’s proportions.  Sherlock hid his face against Mycroft’s neck, obviously ashamed, as Mycroft carried him down the hallway towards the boy’s bedroom.  Sherlock's skin was a bit sweaty; it was clear Sherlock had been warm and uncomfortable for quite some time before Mycroft had woken up.
And then Papa was walking down the hallway, and Bunny heard the front door close behind him.  He squeezed his eyes closed, trying not to admit to himself that he felt more alone than ever now that the one person he felt he could confess that morning’s confusing thoughts to had left.  He wished Papa had talked to Daddy, or even that Sherlock was old enough to deduce that there was more on Bunny’s mind than his sore throat.
“I’m looking for frogs,” Sherlock said.
John wiped his runny nose on his sleeve and nodded.  He wished he could explain why he’d been so bad.  But he could not stop himself from thinking back to Anderson's quips, from replaying the sneering voice over in his head:
He was a bit breathless himself, but it was nothing compared to the gasping breaths Sherlock and Bunny took as they tried to recover from his attack.
Bunny shook his head; he had peed before leaving Baker Street even though Sherlock had refused on the grounds that he wasn’t a stupid baby.  It was almost disappointing because that meant he couldn’t show his Daddy and Papa what a big boy he was and he couldn’t choose a sticker for his chart, but, for the moment, he was content to simply be led back over to his Daddy, who welcomed him once more onto his lap and wrapped his arms around him.
There was a hesitancy in Mycroft’s voice that even little Sherlock knew had to do with guilt and a desire to placate.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mycroft?”
Sherlock squirmed when Mycroft spoke well of him.  He disliked the sappiness and the attention.  But he had to admit that Mycroft’s words had the effect of settling him, and he could feel a bit of hesitancy to accept Mycroft’s care slipping away.
“Is that what you need, kiddo?” Greg asked.
Sherlock felt the guilt settle deeper in his stomach.  He had kept Bunny from disappointment, but he’d still misled him.  Not bothering to correct him about what really happened that morning was as good as lying to Bunny, and that made him feel awful.  That wasn’t how a big brother was supposed to act.  He sighed and pulled away from Bunny’s touch to retreat towards the table, blinking back frustrated tears.
Bunny knew Sherlock was stalling, could hear him hemming and hawing.
John nodded as he pulled himself out of bed, and Mycroft gathered trousers and a shirt for Sherlock, who he knew had not brought an outfit into the shower with him, before he left John to his own devices.  He dropped off the clothing in the bathroom, leaving them on the sink counter and grateful that John had implemented a no locked doors policy in the flat after Sherlock’s last drug relapse.
Sherlock shrugged, which, in his current mood, Mycroft knew was as close as he was going to get to admitting confusion.
“I’ve got him,” Bunny heard Daddy say.  “We’ll be okay.  You’ve got to go.”
“I’ll be right out in the kitchen if you need me,” he said before leaving and closing the door so it was only opened by a small sliver.
“Can you tell me what’s wrong, sweetheart?” Greg asked as Bunny’s grasping at his crotch got more frantic.  “Can Papa help?”
“Don’t feel good, Mycroft,” Sherlock said through a yawn.
Greg turned to leave the kitchen and Mycroft sighed and returned to his newspaper.  Sherlock never did well on long car rides, always waiting until it was too late to speak up about needing to go, refusing rest stops out of stubbornness even when they could all tell he was desperate.  Mycroft would have been disappointed that the man had given up so easily if the words had not had a clear effect on his little brother.  Sherlock was fidgeting, eyes downcast and both hands now on the pull-up.  Mycroft, Greg, and John all knew Sherlock took a bit of comfort in them, that he liked wearing them more than he would admit because it was better than wetting his pants and underwear.
“Daddy, maybe...maybe you could ‘mind me to use the potty?” he breathed at last.  “And, and maybe...you and Uncle Greg could check to see that I haven’t hadda accident?”
“Bet he’d be even younger than
“Of course, sweetheart,” Greg said.  “But what did you say about the Bunny?”
“Thumb?” Bunny asked, but his voice was timid, as if he already knew what Greg was going to say.
Mycroft managed to get his boys through the next hour or so without any additional incident.  Sherlock was giddy with excitement over watching the dinosaurs, his younger headspace allowing him to show true emotion where he was usually reserved.  Bunny was quiet and distracted, which Mycroft assumed was a combination of not feeling well and being overtired from the events of the morning.
“William Sherlock Scott,” Mycroft said when he noticed the red welt on Bunny’s arm. He gathered the sniffling boy into his arms.  “To the corner.  Now.”
John didn’t want to have to save parts of his little personality for specific nights, but a part of him he still had trouble acknowledging couldn’t bear the thought of losing Mycroft as his caretaker.  He turned to glance at him.
Mycroft did not respond, which wasn’t surprising.  Sherlock knew it was not going to be that easy to earn back Mycroft’s trust and forgiveness.  He cried against his brother’s shoulder, telling him over and over again that he was sorry.
He was breathing heavily when he turned to look at Papa, eyebrows furrowed.  He crawled out from under the sheets, climbed up onto his knees, and, staring Papa in the face, started to wee into his already sodden diaper.
It was while they were passing through the children’s clothing section that Greg first noticed Bunny paying extra attention to an item they were passing.  He slowed his pace and followed Bunny’s gaze to a nightgown in the girl’s section, pink and blue with a bunny on the front.  Of course.
Sherlock’s snarkiness, his desire to no longer be in the presence of a regressed John, was further evidence that Sherlock was struggling with his own headspace.  Mycroft raised an eyebrow but was otherwise silent.  At times, Sherlock aged down progressively--from adult to teenager to child--and if he was in the beginning stages of that transition, Mycroft did not want to do anything that may set him back on the path towards adulthood.  He knew that, given the details of their last case, Sherlock needed care just as much as John.
“Hold your nightgown up in case your pull-up leaks, princess,” Mycroft said.
“We know Sherlock takes pleasure in wetting and even, sometimes, in the humiliation that comes with the act.  In practice, however, alongside others who have set plans in place and have expectations for his progress, I anticipate it’s all a bit too much to take in at once.  What has for years been a mainly private, free-form game is about to become a rather publicly regimented endeavor.”
Greg patted John’s knee over his Harry Potter comforter.
Bunny scooted closer and laid his cheek against Sherlock’s spine in an apology.
“It’s not something we’ve ever discussed,” he said.
“That sounds like a great idea,” Greg smiled.  “Before we do that, though, how about we call in some take-away to fill that tummy of yours after you’re all nice and clean?”
Bunny twitched a bit on the carpet.  He’d lied to Daddy earlier when he’d asked if he needed the potty, and now it was getting to be a bit of an emergency.  He was about to set down his sippy cup and make his way to the potty like a big kid.
Mycroft smiled at the adorable rationalization.  Leave it to Sherlock to be able to produce multiple explanations even while half-asleep and in head space.
Enjoy!
“How old are you feeling right now, Sherlock?” he asked.  “Be honest.”
“I’ll deal with any wet sheets if it comes to that,” he said, continuing to keep his voice low.  “Let’s just go to bed, now.”
“I’m sorry, bud, but we’re expected.  We need to stay at least until after lunch on Christmas day.”
“Not Sherlock, no,” Mycroft said.  “I did, however, receive a rather concerning text message from Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
“I can appreciate how difficult the past few days have been for you,” Mycroft said, shifting Sherlock’s position over his lap.  “And I understand how drained you are after your most recent string of cases.  But there’s no excuse for brattiness, and there is certainly no excuse for back-talk.”
“Are you worried about what happened when you went to the zoo?” Mycroft asked, able to prompt him now that Sherlock had helped him understand where Bunny’s mind had settled.
“Volatile,” he said, eyebrows furrowed.  “Right.”
Bunny mumbled an okay, but he looked so disappointed that Mycroft could not help but think there was more to the situation than he knew.
“I’m more than sure,” Mycroft said, and John smiled.
Surprise! I thought I would be updating 'Family Christmas' this weekend, but I realized just how long I'd neglected this story and finally buckled down to write this chapter.  It's long and probably a bit too wordy for most tastes, but it took a good many hours to write and edit so hopefully it'll be okay :)
“Could I have saved Redbeard?” Sherlock asked, not making eye contact.
“Stop, My! Let go of me!”
Greg glanced up at Mycroft and sighed, but Mycroft could see from the release of tension in the Detective Inspector’s shoulders and the softness in his eyes that the statement, to Greg, had been more than a passing quip.
When he’d woken up the night before alone and afraid, and had gone to Mycroft with red cheeks as he shook him awake and asked him if he could wear a pull-up.  Mycroft had seemed to understand that Bunny had just needed the comfort they brought; after all, John had admitted he liked wearing them, that he took comfort in wetting himself.  It was only after he had been changed into a pull-up and tucked back into his bed in the purple bedroom and Mycroft was kissing his forehead that he realized he may not have gone to Mycroft simply for a pull-up, and after much hemming and hawing he had asked Mycroft if he could sleep in the bed with him and Uncle Greg.
It was in both Sherlock’s and John’s best interest that Sherlock age down.  John wanted Sherlock to gain a moment of peace, and he himself longed to settle the waves of guilt resonating within him.  He wanted nothing more than to be a positive, comforting force of support for the man after playing a rather significant--albeit mainly unconscious--role in causing him pain.  It had been quite a while since John had felt his caretaker instincts settling in, but, at the moment, the impulse was strong.
Uncle Greg seemed to have noticed Bunny’s distress.
John’s attempts to make himself appear presentable, however, did little to convince Mycroft that John was adult.  The man looked, more than anything, like a rather pitiful child.  John’s eyes were red from crying, his face flushed and hair mussed from being under the sheets, and before he’d pulled the sheets over himself, Mycroft had been able to see that he was dressed in nothing but a crumpled t-shirt and yellow-stained briefs.
“You’re forgiven,” Daddy said.  “Would you like a hug?”
“No, sweetheart,” Papa said, placing his hands flat on the bed on either side of Bunny.  “Everything is okay between me and Daddy.  And I’m going to be honest with you because you’re a big girl and Papa would never want to lie to you.  But, first, I need you to know that Papa and Daddy are both very, very happy to have you as our little girl.  Do you understand that?”
“Five more minutes and then you go wash up for dinner, ‘Lock,” Mycroft called into the other room, warning his brother in advance that playtime would soon be over.  Even adult Sherlock disliked sitting down for a meal; without proper warning, calling little Sherlock to come eat could lead to some of the most wild tantrums they'd faced.
“Bunny, listen to me,” he said, and then waited quietly until John nodded, ready to hear him.  “So far, you’ve usually been little at the same time as your brother.  But as you get more comfortable being little, there might be more times when you’re feeling little but Sherlock isn’t.  Or there might be another time when you’re little while Sherlock is away, like when Uncle Greg babysat.  And when that happens, you won’t have Sherlock there to sleep in the same room as you.”
Greg made his way to the guest bedroom, happy at long last to climb into bed next to his little Bunny.
“I know I let you down,” he said, voice quiet, ashamed.
He could see his brother was still adamantly clinging to adulthood, arms crossed over his chest as he observed without inserting himself into the situation.  But there was a hesitancy in his tired eyes and in the way he hovered just within Mycroft’s line of sight which signalled that Bunny’s headspace may just have begun to trigger Sherlock’s.
Bunny trailed with the fuzzy throw still wrapped around his shoulders, and Mycroft helped him climb onto a chair beside Sherlock.
He and John had been composed and competent for a month, had solved cases faster than even Sherlock himself had estimated, and all without so much as a pause for naptime.  He just wanted John and his plushies and to be told not to suck his thumb and for Mycroft to make decisions for him.
He scrambled from the bed.  He didn’t know what he needed, didn’t know how to stop this current bout of uncontrollable fear and overwhelming anxiety.  In a fit of desperation, he pulled open the bedroom door, and suddenly he wasn’t alone.  Mycroft met his eye and climbed to his feet from where he had been sitting on the floorboards, resting against the wall across from the bedroom door.
Bunny ran his fingers along the soft fur of Willa’s ear.
“He does not,” Mycroft argued even as he knew the words were empty.
Sherlock’s bedwetting had led to nights which were the earliest beginnings of their age play, nights they didn't speak of where Mycroft cleaned and comforted and cuddled his brother while Sherlock let go of his stubborn smarminess and became somehow vulnerable.  They were nights Sherlock had always wanted more of, nights not fully realized until he was nineteen and Mycroft had picked him up from uni and brought him home once and for all.
Sherlock was uncharacteristically quiet and clingy, his behavior more akin to Bunny on his neediest days than any expected version of Little Sherlock.  The shift in behavior worried Greg.  Sherlock was so often independent that nerves settled in when he became less self-sufficient.  The boy hadn’t resorted to self-harm in quite some time, and the fact that they’d come barrelling back to the darkest blues of Sherlock’s countenance was a sobering reminder that there was no expiration date on depression.  Sherlock’s was a constant possibility, unpredictable and harsh.
Sherlock glanced down at his feet, happy to play the chagrined kid if it meant he could distract from what he had really been doing behind the closed door.
“I’ve got him,” he heard Mycroft say.  “Why don’t you take the little Bunny outside for a stroll before dinner?”
“I wanted to call you...you know,” John said, suddenly unable to use the term Daddy while they were both adult.  “But, whenever I started to say it, it reminded me of Sherlock.  And he was in so much pain all day.”
Shifting to his mobile’s web browser, he began scrolling for cases, chewing on the tip of his thumb as he settled in for a long, sleepless Christmas Eve.
“—and a pirate.”
“He bought me these, too,” Bunny said, and he lifted the hem of the nightshirt towards his chest.
Sherlock, feeling shy about Bunny knowing that he was wet, crawled towards Uncle Greg and, on his knees, gestured for the man to lean down.  He leaned close and whispered in his ear.
“Mycroft really didn’t say anything to you?” he asked.
This piece of information piqued Sherlock's interest.
“In his damn office,” Sherlock said, suddenly defensive and moody again because it was the easiest way to combat the self-hatred.  “He wouldn’t care even if I fell down the stairs and broke my legs.”
.  A spurt of wetness pulsed through his underwear and spread onto his jeans, and he twisted one leg over the other.
"That insufferable camp and their perfectly portioned meals on compartment trays," he said, disparagingly.
“Hey, little one,” he said, voice quiet as he crouched in front of the boy.
“I need to talk with John about this,” he said.  “I need to be sure letting him explore this desire is in his best interest.”
They stared at each other for a moment in a type of stand-off that Mycroft hoped would show John’s true colors and bring the man back into the space that they shared as Daddy and little boy, with John compliant and sweet.  But the doctor did not give up whatever game he and Sherlock were playing, and, with a sigh, he nodded his head yes.
Bunny stood from the couch and stepped forward to kiss Sherlock on the cheek.
“Why don’t we go on up and get changed into some play clothes?” Mycroft asked, seeming to choose to ignore Sherlock’s rudeness.  “I’d like to take care of you, right now.”
Mycroft held up a hand to silence John, who paused and followed Mycroft’s gaze towards Sherlock.  The consulting detective lowered his hands from in front of his face, seeming to once again gain awareness of the room and those around him.
The buzz of laughter and conversations as the party shifted from the dining room into the family room was a reminder of the type of family Christmas John had never experienced.  His mother had tried, decorating with boughs of holly and wrapping colorful gifts for under the tree.  But holidays had always set his father on edge, had always meant violence and caustic remarks and, more often than not, smashed toys and broken dinner plates and guilt-trips about expenses and holiday foolishness.
The boy looked up at him with shame, but Mycroft shushed him and, in a rare show of sentimentality, kissed each plaster in turn.
“Damn,” he said, eyes slipping closed as he ran a hand down his face.  “Is he alright?”
“Don’t want to be big,” Bunny said tentatively, testing the parameters of the trip.
“Okay, Papa,” Bunny mumbled, his eyes half-lidded as he let himself slump down until his head was resting against the armrest of the door.  “But I’m not a baby.”
“I’m not actually a child, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped.  “I don’t need you mother-henning me.  Leave me alone.”
Greg nodded, dropping the subject.  The boy would never be able to listen or hold a conversation if he was in need of the loo.  He would just need to save the topic for another time.
“Only if you want to be,” Mycroft said.
I meant to write a quick bit of fluff ending this story with syrupy-sweet Christmas time among the little family, but if you've read this far you know I'm basically incapable of keeping the angsty-plots from emerging.  I'm not entirely happy with this chapter because I had to rush it a bit (I gave myself a deadline of Christmas), and it's more of a set-up chapter than anything, but I hope you'll forgive me for that as I get myself back into this world after not writing for so long!  Feel free to let me know what you'd like to see once I do get around to the Christmas-y fluff (which will come), and have a fantastic night, loves!  Happy Holidays to all of you!
“Can Daddy come in, sweetheart?” Mycroft asked, gesturing towards the open space beneath the desk when Bunny glanced up.
“I’m sorry.”
He’d known Eurus was likely to come to light at some point.  The deeper Sherlock fell into the web of criminal activities, the greater the likelihood became that a crime would trigger his memory of their sister’s cruelty or bring him into contact with Sherringford.  And if it were not crime-solving that had the highest likelihood of setting Sherlock’s memory stirring, it was ageplaying.  As his baseline eight or nine years, little Sherlock was free of the memories of Eurus, who had been safely tucked away just before that point in his life.  But as Sherlock began to spend more and more time in his youngest headspaces, opportunities arose for him to recall memories from when he was biologically young enough to remember Eurus’s particular strain of inhumanity.
Sherlock and Bunny had to be reminded to clear their plates and empty sippy cups to the sink before racing each other upstairs and to the attic.  It wasn't nearly as decrepit a space as Mycroft had made it out to be.  The attic was cluttered with old boxes and it was definitely dusty--Bunny immediately began sneezing once they had climbed the steep staircase into the darkened space--but it wasn't any more cluttered or dirty than the attic at Baker Street, where Mrs. Hudson kept far too many knick-knacks and tea kettles and her former husband’s albums of collected stamps.
Sherlock re-entered the bedroom, yanking his dinosaur pajama pants up over the purple pull-up.  Mycroft had to keep himself from teasing his brother about how cute he looked wearing butterfly bedwetting pants.  Sherlock was certainly not in the mood to appreciate any teasing.
“Undies, Daddy,” Bunny said when the nightgown had been pulled over his head, standing up off the bed and wiggling himself out of the sweaty pull-up.  “Big kid.”
“Yes, baby?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock glanced between the men standing over him before turning his gaze back to the beveled edge of the table.  It was clear they were watching him, waiting for his next move.  Sherlock began to second-guess his assumption that Papa had not caught on.  He was certainly looking at him pointedly, and Sherlock felt suspiciously as if he were being tested in some way.  But if Papa and Mycroft knew for certain that he’d had an accident, it seemed likely they would have punished him right away.  They wouldn’t be waiting for Sherlock to confirm it all by explaining that he wasn’t worthy of choosing a sticker, wouldn't they?
Sherlock leaned into Mycroft’s touch on his cheek, then yawned.  Mycroft shifted down on the mattress and gently pulled the boy to lay against his chest.
“I told you I’m not a child, Mycroft,” he said.
“Buddy, look at me, please.”
Sherlock wasn’t supposed to at all, and especially not when he was young.  But the shards of ceramic from the broken pirate ship scattered along the floorboards had taunted him, and when they hadn’t been sharp enough to do more than scratch, the pieces of glass from the shattered light bulb glimmered with the promise of a far more destructive result.
“Oh, Honey Bun,” Mycroft cooed.  “You're okay.  I’ve got you, sweetheart.  You don't need to cry.”
“I know you have to wee,” he said.  “So, we have a few options.  You can let Papa take you into the loo and you can use the potty--”
“And Sherlock has no recollection of her?” was all he asked when Mycroft had ceased his explanations.
Mycroft sighed and paused in the routine of running his fingers through his brother’s hair.  His hand rested against the back of the boy’s head, and he skirted it around to cup Sherlock’s cheek, guiding his brother to look up at him.
“Does that sound alright, love?”
Bunny took a moment to process Mycroft’s words, pressing his sniffling face into Mycroft’s shoulder.  After a moment, he pulled away, and, as he sniffed and rubbed his face across his forearm, he glanced up at Mycroft.
“Do you think you could manage to view us as grown men some time before we’re in the retirement home?” Mycroft asked, eyebrow raised in a tired exasperation.
Sherlock snuggled close against Mycroft, trusting that that man knew Santa better than he did.  When they were kids, he’d always managed to get messages to Santa about what Sherlock wanted for Christmas.
“You really think a grown man with no medical issues to speak of would show up with wet trousers as often as I do if he didn’t receive some sort of sexual gratification from the act?” Sherlock asked.  “Even someone as stubborn and distracted as myself could be bothered to use the loo if he really wanted to.”
“Remember,” Greg said when they’d reached the bottom of the staircase.  “Papa and Daddy are here for you even if it takes Sherlock a little longer to get used to his sweet baby sister.”
There was a hush as Greg paused on his route to the bedroom and Mycroft peered over his newspaper.  John stopped his forkful of scrambled eggs mid-way to his mouth.
“I have them, Papa,” he said, voice even smaller than when he’d admitted to his wet pants.
“Arms up,” the man said.
Sherlock’s face crumpled and his mouth opened in a low, guttural wail.
“I need you to try to use your words, kiddo.  You’re safe, here.  I've got you”
headspace.  Besides, he didn’t he think it best that he speak to Sherlock while young without being in the presence of Mycroft or Greg.
Sherlock swiped at his teary eyes and shuffled towards Mycroft with heavy feet.  He allowed himself to be pulled close, but squirmed away from Mycroft’s attempt to shift him into his lap.
It had been all he could do not to run out of the room the moment Bunny entered it.  He’d managed to sit, still and afraid, until the tears had begun and Mycroft and Papa Greg had been rushing to see what had happened.  Bunny sounded as upset as the time he’d wet his pants at the zoo, maybe even sadder, and suddenly Sherlock couldn’t handle the thought that he’d brought Bunny so much pain.  Bunny had been hurt more by his dolls being torn up than perhaps he ever had been in littlespace, and it was all Sherlock’s fault.  He had been selfish and rude, and Mycroft was going to be so disappointed in him.
The taller man only hummed haughtily, glancing at John with eyebrows raised.   Mycroft opened his mouth to give what John anticipated to be a witty retort, but the man paused, and, without turning around, shifted his attention across the living room.
“I’m sorry,” Bunny wailed, a hand over his wet pajama pants as Sherlock opened the closet door.  “I didn’t mean to!”
“Balance of probability, John,” he said.
Let me know if you have any suggestions for future chapters--I have a few from all of you that I'm still planning to add in when I can!
Bunny hid his face against Mycroft, but nodded again.
“Scared, Daddy,” he said, unable to keep from pressing his thighs together as a slight stab of need pressed against his bladder.
“How’s the water temperature, John-John?” he asked, and John shrugged.  He never made a decision about the water temperature.  That was Sherlock’s domain and John had no desire to infringe upon it now, it would only serve to remind him that he was alone.  He missed Sherlock and he especially missed Mycroft.
Bunny, glancing up from his coloring book to peer out the window, smiled wide as he seemed to realize for the first time that they’d arrived at the store.  He nodded and began quickly stuffing crayons back into the box, squirming against the seat belt as he reached a hand to unbuckle himself.
Greg didn’t seem to mind.  In fact, he was really fun while giving John his bath.  He rolled his shirtsleeves up to his elbows and plunged his forearms into the water to play with the toy boats and toy fish and toy mermaids that were John’s favorites, making funny voices and stories that made John laugh.
John was unconvinced, certain Sherlock had an issue with John’s newfound expressions of what was coded as feminine behavior.
Mycroft could hear Bunny’s crying even before he knocked on the bedroom door.  It was clear the boy was distressed, particularly given that he’d, according to Greg, been crying since they had left the store nearly an hour ago.
“Roll over on your tummy and I’ll rub your back a bit,”  Mycroft said when John was settled back into bed.
“Jealousy is natural, yes.  But you’re not…” John thought for a moment before hitting upon the right word.   “Resentful?”
Sherlock drummed his fingers against the armrest of the car.  He didn’t even have his mobile to distract him; Lestrade had gathered John and Sherlock’s mobile phones before starting the car’s ignition, deeming the trip a “distraction-free” weekend.  Sherlock had argued, knowing it would be exceedingly irresponsible not only for Lestrade not to have his mobile with him in case there was an emergency at the police station but also for Mycroft not to be available for governmental issues that may arise, and thus correctly assuming that any technology-free weekend regulations actually applied only to John and Sherlock himself.  Had it been Mycroft’s rule, Sherlock may have put up more of a fight.  As it was, Lestrade had looked at him with his Uncle Greg eyes and Sherlock had slipped over his phone with little more than a whine in the back of his throat.  Damn Lestrade and his no-nonsense tone that left little room for Sherlock’s banter or debate.
“Bunny, do you think you could be a big boy and go play in your room while I talk with your daddy for a moment?”
“Uh-huh," Sherlock nodded, rubbing his eyes, "And ‘bunny’ sounds almost like ‘baby,’ and John-John’s bouncy like a bunny and he’s soft and pretty like a bunny.”
“Tell me what scared you,” Mycroft said, trusting that Greg was caring for their little Bunny downstairs and wanting to address the emotional state of the boy in his lap.
Sherlock was already dressed in clothes that were perfectly acceptable for sitting outside, but Mycroft needed an excuse to get the boy into a pull-up before he wet his pants and had a melt-down.  It appeared a melt-down was inevitable, however, for the second Mycroft placed Sherlock onto the floor and began undressing him, the boy began to wail, raising his hands towards Mycroft and trying to climb back into his brother’s arms.
“Of you,”  he said, passing over a sippy cup he must have filled before carrying Sherlock downstairs.  “You took care of Bunny when he needed it earlier tonight, and you called for help when you saw he was in trouble.  You were a very good big brother, tonight.”
“We can watch the dinosaurs,” Bunny said.
“They don’t know any better,” Bunny mumbled, and Greg smiled down at him.
Greg couldn’t help but chuckle.  The kid’s body language had changed, already more confident now that she’d been affirmed as the gender she was currently feeling.  They had yet to fully get to know Bunny’s female side, but Greg had a feeling he was going to like this sassier, self-assured side of their littlest very much.
“Why don't you try to use the toilet, buddy?” Mycroft asked as he stood in the doorway to supervise Sherlock’s hand washing.
Sherlock shrugged, then nodded.
“Does this mean Bunny’s my nephew, now?”  Sherlock scrunched up his face in displeasure.  He didn't want to be an Uncle.
Mycroft knew his denying Sherlock would settle the boy deeper into headspace by gently humiliating him, something Sherlock often craved.  But he also knew they had little by way of comfort items for a regressed Sherlock, and that if the boy were going to make the most out of the short amount of time they had, he would need to allow himself a bit of indulgence.
Sherlock had his thumb in his mouth, and Mycroft knew he should find the boy’s pacifier.  He’d also remembered he’d dressed the boy in cotton training pants that morning to bolster his kid brother’s confidence, so now he needed to find a way to change his brother into a pull-up.  A diaper would have been ideal, but it had been some time since Sherlock had been this young, and Mycroft had not thought to bring any along.  Greg would be back with them soon, and hopefully Mycroft could get Sherlock through to lunchtime without any wet pants.
The flat was quiet.  They stepped gently up the staircase and peeked into the living room.  Given the state of the apartment--puzzle pieces strewn about the carpet, a bath towel left tossed over the back of a kitchen chair, the boys were certainly in, and at least one of them was little.
“Thank you,” he said.  “I love you.”
Sherlock and Bunny tried to yell that they weren’t trying to trick him, but their words were swallowed into high-pitched laughter as they rolled around in an attempt to escape his tickling fingers.
Sherlock was not crying and he was not fussing, but Mycroft could tell the boy’s countenance was low; his eyes were downcast and he was absently picking at the wet fabric against his inner thigh, preoccupied with his accident.
After some quiet time, Sherlock heard John come barreling back into the kitchen.  Sherlock could sense even though his eyes had fallen closed long minutes before that Bunny paused in his stampeding run when he saw that Sherlock was half-asleep.
“John?” Mycroft called, knowing if he had to go upstairs it would be that much harder to get Sherlock out of the flat because he would almost certainly take the opportunity to crawl back into bed.
Sherlock tensed his hold, squeezing John’s groin with a strong, sure grasp, and and now John was tilting his head back and shifting his hips again, desperate for release in more ways than one.
But Mycroft glanced toward John and, when he caught his eye, he seemed to realize how much the boy needed him.
“No, honey,” he said.  “You don’t need to be big.  But there may be people in the store who aren’t used to anyone who is different than them, and sometimes that can make them act rude when they see something they don’t understand.”
Bunny tried not to show them that he was starting to cry.  He rubbed the palms of his hands against his eyes to keep the tears from falling visibly.
“Okay, okay.  I’m not going anywhere,” Mycroft said, rubbing Sherlock’s back as he took a seat on the bed, cradling his brother as comfortably as he could given Sherlock’s long limbs.
“Are you okay, bud?” He asked, bending to John’s height.  John looked down to the ground, his cheeks pink and his eyes filling with tears. He suckled hard on his thumb.
John cupped Sherlock’s cheek as they kissed, pulling the man closer to him by the angular jawline and reveling in the taste of his boyfriend.  It had been quite some time since they had made out like undersexed teenagers, and there was a joyful pleasure in simply being together as the rain pounded around them.  But John was back to being John, and as much as he knew they could waste long moments in each other’s arms, there was a nagging in the back of his mind telling him they couldn’t squander the time Sherlock was fully adult.  John gently pulled away from the taller man.
“I am!” Sherlock said, voice laced with anger.  “I’m not a baby!”
He started to cry.
“I’m fine, Myc,” John assured him as he opened the door and let him in.  The man had not yet put on his shirt, and Mycroft could see the waistband of the pull-up above his jeans as John zipped and buttoned his fly.
The sky was just barely brightening when Bunny woke to Sherlock’s coughing.  He turned over onto his side and buried his face into his pillow, feeling lethargic and achy all over.  His head was pounding, his throat burned when he swallowed, and he could barely breathe through his congested nose.  He spat out his pacifier because his mouth tasted funny, whining to no one in particular that he didn’t feel well.
“Okay,” Greg said.  “I'll get you some undies instead.  Just make sure to use the loo before we leave.”
Mycroft began to speak, but John silenced him by raising his hand.
He found it far easier to express himself to an aged-down Sherlock than he would have had they been talking man to man.  There was an ease of purpose knowing he needed to help little Sherlock understand right from wrong, an ease that was harder to find when plagued with questions over whether it was his place or his right to instruct adult Sherlock.
Bunny shook his head, which was a relief.  He would never blame the kid for a wet bed, but being spared the challenge of changing soiled bed sheets while at his brother’s house was a blessing.
“No,” John breathed as he began rutting himself against Sherlock, regretting that he’d followed Greg’s direction to ‘go potty’ before bedtime.  “But, god, do I wish I did.”
“John,” he said.
John gaped up at Lestrade in confusion.  He felt young and everything seemed confused now that he had wet in his pants and the questions and thoughts were crowding back into his mind.  What did Greg think now that he’d seen John wet himself twice in the span of a month?  Would he tell Mycroft and would Mycroft punish him?  Was Greg trying to punish him by telling him he had to wear a pull-up now?  And, why, more than anything, did John feel the immense desire to wet himself again as soon as he could?  It was all scary and confusing.
John glanced up at Mycroft and nodded.
“I don’t want them,” Sherlock said, eyebrows furrowed in irritation.  “I’m not hungry.”
It wasn’t exactly a lie.
“Not a problem,” he said.  “We’ll just throw them in the wash right now and they’ll be good as new by the time you go to bed tonight.”
Sherlock's cheeks bloomed pink, and he shook his head, as if afraid of admitting something so shameful to his older brother.  John, on the outskirts of the situation, could see that Sherlock was wavering between remaining himself and slipping into something far less composed, far less calculated.
He was not prepared, however, for Mycroft to call to him from Sherlock’s bedroom.
It took a moment for John to realize that he was in his adult mindset again.  He had woken up a time or two throughout the night and had been exclusively little during those occasions--once getting up to use the loo (he had thought about but then decided against wetting his pull-up), and once to weepily check if Mycroft had arrived yet.  Both times, Greg had patiently helped him with whatever it was he needed and then put him back to bed with a pat on the hand and a kiss on the forehead.
Mycroft paused, then sighed, glancing over his shoulder towards the couch and then dropping his voice to a lower volume.
John nodded, squirming a bit in the seat as he swallowed and waited for Papa’s attention to return to the road.  Sherlock cast a momentary sideways glance towards John, and it became clear from his expression that he knew the predicament John was in.  Luckily, he only looked at him with interest for a moment before turning back to his video game, choosing not to give John away.
“Can you just get him to stop crying?” Sherlock asked.
John took a long time before answering.  He wanted to be brave and strong like Harry Potter, and he wanted to make Uncle Greg, and especially Mycroft, proud, and he wanted to be a big boy like Sherlock.  But it was scary to be little and by himself--the only time since he had started slipping down into headspace when he had been by himself for longer than a minute or two while little was the night after their case in Scotland.  And that night had been stressful and scary and he had needed to process what he had been feeling for much of that evening with Mycroft in order to feel okay about it all.  But Mycroft was looking down at him with nothing but confidence that this was something John could do, and if Mycroft believed in him, maybe he really could practice sleeping alone.
Warmth filled the pull-up and then, when it was bulged and full, spilled out through the leg holes and into his pajama pants, trickling beneath him, spreading out onto the rug where he lay.  John relaxed completely, peeing freely until he lay in a puddle and even the bottom of his bunny t-shirt was wet with urine.
“Damn you and your fucking rules! I’m an adult!”
“No!” he said, voice defiant and angry.  “Go away.  You lied and I want Mycroft!”
I can't begin to tell you all how kind and sweet your comments are, especially because I had some reservations about the last chapter!  Your encouragement definitely motivated me to get this chapter finished sooner than I anticipated.
“Out,” he mouthed, firm and no-nonsense.
“I should have told him earlier, Mycroft,” he said.  “He had a right to know.”
Greg seemed to realize his mistake; worry crossed over his face and he took a seat on the end of the cot, facing Sherlock.
“Look what you did.” John found it easy to settle into the dominant role he most often took during sex.  He knew what Sherlock liked, how much he got off on humiliation.  “Soaked yourself.”
But the spanking had done little to put an end to John’s worries about Sherlock or what they had been through at Baker Street over the past few days.  Instead of allowing Bunny the opportunity to put away the worries that had led him to the bar in the first place, the spanking had stirred them all up once more.  With each stinging slap to his arse, he was reminded of the questions he still had yet to answer, reminded of his inability to fully take care of his boyfriend.
"Mycroft, you need to keep the stitches out of the water," he said through the closed bathroom door once he had crossed through the hallway.  Surprisingly, the bathroom door opened halfway and Mycroft appeared.  He could see Sherlock standing behind Mycroft in nothing more than his wet underwear, yellow from his urine.  His hands were down near his crotch, as if attempting to hide his accident.
“And I love being your big brother.  It’s very special to me.”
John didn’t blame the men for needing some time to themselves.  Sherlock and John were not the only ones who had made progress over the course of their last ageplay session, who had learned new things about themselves and the others.  It only made sense that everyone had needed a bit of time to process and re-establish.  John himself was still sorting through the emotional ramifications.
“They really ought to study you for your uncanny ability to stifle your idiocy on a day to day basis,” he said.
Bunny cried into his knees.  He cried at the thought of being alone and because his skin was prickly with the desire to be a little girl, and he cried because his underwear were wet and cold and itchy with pee, which made him aware of his private parts, which felt all wrong at the moment.  He cried because he hadn’t brought his pacifier with him and because his throat hurt, and he cried because he wanted his Papa and was scared of what would happen when Daddy found him.
After being caught far too often with a regressed Sherlock or John and no supplies, Greg had taken the time to stock the boot of his car with items for emergencies.  He had a good supply of pull-ups, spare clothes, and various comfort items for whenever one or the other of the boys needed them, and he was grateful for the option given John’s recent slip in age.
Bunny felt a bit more grounded once they were closed in the hall bathroom Greg’s nieces shared, the bright light and colorful unicorn shower curtain helping to convince him there were most likely no hidden monsters ready to jump out and get him.
“In his damn office,” Sherlock said, voice suddenly caustic and unmistakably teenaged.  “He wouldn’t care even if I fell down the stairs and broke my legs.”
“Yes, Lock?” he asked, and, this time, Mycroft did not comment on the thumb which had made its way into the boy’s mouth
“That’s enough,” Greg was calling over the taunts and epithets as he elbowed his way towards the men at the center of the action.  “Break it up.”
“It would be impossible,” Sherlock could hear Mycroft explaining from his office down the hallway now that he was listening for his brother. “There’s simply no protocol for a request of that nature.  But it's no matter.  I assure you this is the last you’ll hear of him and his grandiose fantasies of acceleration.”
“What if I’m just a boy tonight, Papa?” Bunny asked, pulling at the bottom of his pajama shirt.  “Can we stay here tonight and play with Sherlock if I’m a boy?”
Greg set Sherlock to picking the colors of plasters he wanted to place on the cuts along his arm, distracting the boy as he rooted in the medicine cabinet for diaper rash cream.  He was banking on the idea that Mycroft would have some from past experiences of a stubborn Sherlock sitting around for too long in a wet diaper, but there wasn’t anything immediately visible, and he’d been forced to begin shifting shaving creams and craning towards the top shelf in the hopes that he wouldn’t come up empty-handed.
John swore and another burst of wetness spread against Sherlock’s palm.  Sherlock shoved his thigh between John’s legs, pressing his crotch against John’s hip, desperate for his own breed of release.
“And I can’t promise I won’t be a brat for a few days, at least.”
Greg ran a hand up and down Mycroft’s arm.
“--I’m tried of putting up with your childishness, William Sherlock.”
Sherlock hurried into the bathroom and nearly slammed the door shut in his haste to get inside.  He bent over at the waist as soon as he was alone, pressing his hands between his legs and stomping in place right in front of the toilet.  He had to hold it just a moment longer, just long enough to get his joggers and the pull-up out of the way.
John was a soldier and a doctor, a man who had survived his childhood and gotten himself through med school on his own, who had been in battle and had made a life for himself, needing no one.  But the words soothed a bit of his shame, and John concentrated on the pattern Mycroft traced along his back.  He told himself he was simply too tired to ask Mycroft to leave, and it was an adequate excuse for the moment.
Thanks for your comments and kudos!  This chapter checks off a few reader requests: Sherlock slipping younger and John in time-out.  Hope you're all having a good day--sending bunny kisses!
Bunny cried harder.  He wasn’t trying to make things difficult or to ruin Sherlock’s game, but he was tired of being bossed around and his belly hurt from needing to pee and his eyes and nose and chest hurt from the dust.  He wanted to be free of the attic and the costumes and back downstairs with Mycroft and Uncle Greg.
Bunny’s first set of pajamas were still dry, so Mycroft simply buttoned the boy back up once he’d been cleaned and dressed in a fresh pull-up and told him he was a good boy.
Sherlock stared, face set, for a moment, as if contemplating his options.  After a moment, his desire to get out of the wet pull-up seemed to win-out, and although he sighed dramatically to signal his displeasure, he laid back and kicked the blankets off of himself.  He pulled his pajama shirt up and lay flat on the bed, arms to his sides and legs kicked out straight as if waiting for Mycroft to change him on the bed.
“Come here, kid,” Mycroft said, an endearment he had picked up from Lestrade.  Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled out of his chair and into his brother’s lap.
Love to you all, and happy reading :)
John sniffled and took a deep breath.
Sherlock was getting progressively more frustrated as he played.  He was racing through a dark path in a jungle, sword out to slash away vines and leaves in his way.  But he wasn’t making any progress, consistently failing to recognize the dangerous traps waiting for him and falling prey to them.  When he made a wrong turn and his character fell into quicksand and was forced to start again at the beginning of the level, he threw his controller to the ground with an angry growl and then kicked it away from him, crossing his arms and twisting his body away from the telly.
“Not everyone appreciates the banality of Christmas festivities, Gregory,” Mycroft said.  “It’s an insidious practice that feeds capitalism and perpetuates the myth of the nuclear family.”
“Ah, okay,” Mycroft said.  “Up you go, then.”
He opened the fridge to find bread and cheese and set a pan to warm on the stove.  If he were going to get Sherlock to eat something, it would need to be simple.  And if somewhere in the back of his mind John hoped a lunch of grilled cheese and tomato soup may prompt Sherlock to rest his racing brain by shifting into headspace, so be it.
“Sherlock?” He asked.  “Can I come in?”
It was feeling like a bit of a drag to get up the motivation to write for this series over the past week or so, but I feel much better now and was very excited to write this chapter and get the boys one step closer back to their little headspaces.
“If today has taught us anything, it’s that we have our hands full enough without adding Anderson’s neuroses into the mix,” Mycroft said, turning off the faucet.  “Although it may be worth it just to see the look on my little brother’s face.”
“Hard to tell,” Greg teased.  “But if he's up for helping me cook dinner, I'd say we chalk it up to a long day and let him off the hook this once.”
Hi, lovelies!  It's been far too long since I've updated.  I apologize for the delay!
Bunny’s cheeks reddened in embarrassment, but, after a moment, he ducked his head and nodded.
Decision made, John opened another drawer and pulled out one of Sherlock’s pull-ups, which he tucked away in the folds of his dressing gown.  He had learned the day they went to the zoo that Sherlock’s pull-ups were a bit snug on him; he was not as thin as the taller man.  But the sides were stretchy enough to fit him just fine.  They were Goodnights, John knew.  Real pull-ups would be too small for him and Sherlock.  None of the men had ever broached the topic of adult diapers around John, although he had picked up on clues that Mycroft may have used them with Sherlock in the past.
“You, again?” Greg asked, feigning surprise.  “Wow, Bun.  I guess I lucked out when I chose you to come to the store with me, didn’t I?”
“Kiddo, they loved you.  All parts of you.”
But Mycroft was immune to John’s pleading.
Thanks for all your kind words during the last update, loves!  I really appreciate the support.
“Daddy?” he called, biting on the end of his crayon before realizing how yucky it tasted.
“--No,” Bunny whined, looking distraught, even frightened.
I would love to take another day or two to tighten this chapter up and get it where I'd like it to be, but because I won't have a day off for another week and two days, I figured that might not be realistic.  So, I figured it would be best to get it posted so all of you lovely humans can at least have a continuation of the story! Let me know if you have any feedback--this is definitely one I may go back to edit at a future date!
“I don’t know, exactly,” Sherlock said.  He turned his contemplative gaze toward Mycroft.  “There was a riddle...a rhyme to…”
“Look at me, kid,” Papa said.
