“I’m happy to hear your suggestions,” Steve said mildly. Dominick smiled.
inside him.
Tony frowned as he pulled on a pair of jeans.
“No,” Tony said, with a sweet smile. “Now, if you’ll excuse us, Steve and I were dancing.”
“Sweetheart? What’s your safeword?”
“A racist, misogynist, homophobic dick-bag?” Tony supplied with a little laugh.  “Yeah.”
(Ugly, shitty perspective.)
Tony pulled the door open wide and stepped out of the way. After a moment of tense hesitation, Steve slunk inside, keeping his face and his body turned away from Tony’s.
“Dip the bread in the sauce—it’s delicious! Yogurt with wild garlic and awesomeness.”
Tony laughed.  “Oh, right.  ‘Cause I haven’t been dodging that type
growing up too?”
“Sure,” Rogers said.  “Like me sketching.  It takes my mind off things for a while, so I can come back to the problem fresh.”  Rogers looked over at the glowing holograph with images of Bob, their readings, and some of Tony’s theories.  “Besides,” Rogers added sadly, “without all the data you needed.”  He paused.  “Mr. Stark, I’m very sorry about that.  I promise to--”
“Tony!?” Bruce cut in. “Tony, I connected the leads. Looks like it’s almost done,” Bruce added, hesitant. “But, I—I how, I don’t understand how it detonates. Timer?”
Steve crossed the room in a flash and, for a second Tony thought Steve was going to drop to his knees, but instead he wrapped his arms around Tony and buried his face against Tony’s neck murmuring what sounded like “I’m sorry.”
“I just thought, when you left that I’d crossed a line.” Steve reached up to fiddle with his bow tie then stopped short. He put his hands in his pockets. “I hope you’d tell me if—“
Tony pressed at his entrance with slightly more pressure.  Steve held his breath, but then Tony was pulling away again, barely touching him.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Seriously, it’s nothing,” Clint protested, shrugging.
(God, yes.
Steve underlined ‘pretty little slut’*** and starred it.
When Tony entered the break room, he saw Rogers talking with Agent Thomas “my friends call me ‘Dom’ ” Dommenick.  Aka Agent Dickface, head of the Stark Terror betting pool.
Five minutes later the phone rang.
Steve knew he couldn't keep their relationship a secret, especially not as celebrities in this brave new world, but beyond that he didn't even want to. He wanted to hold Tony's hand on top of the table at Piaci. He wanted to put his arm around Tony's shoulder when they walked. He wanted to kiss Tony in Central Park. He wanted to spend the next miserable gala on Tony's arm. He didn't want to hide what he had with Tony.
“You okay?” Rogers asked. Tony nodded and received one of Cap’s most beautiful smiles. “I’m glad you’re here; Jim thought he could probably convince you to join us.”
He needed to go for a fly and have a shower.
For a moment, Tony thought Steve might protest again.  It was a relief when he didn’t.
“Coolest uncle
Tony nodded. “Carry on.”
Tony took Steve’s hand and pressed it over his dog tags (and the arc reactor) again.
Steve was dressed for his morning run and checking on something in the oven. At the sight of Tony, he smiled That Smile.
“Ms. Ahmadi,” Tony replied with a teasing little bow.
?)  Tony swallowed.  (God damn it.)
He watched attentively and when Rogers tensed to rush, Tony tensed to dodge. Rogers was disturbingly fast and Tony barely leapt out of the way in time. The punch he’d aimed for Rogers’ gut hit his side instead and left Tony wide open; Rogers got a good one-two hit to Tony’s ribs. It was less of a hit, though, than a touch—a gentle “gotcha” that did no damage. Tony frowned and bounced away.
“Just get out,” Tony said, giving Steve an uncoordinated shove without turning to look at him. “Get the fuck out.”
Thanks for reading.  <3
Steve bent over for Tony’s cock, a little awkward, a little unbalanced. The ropes pressed against his wrists as he moved.  (Oh God!)  It felt amazing.  With his knees spread, hands behind his back, he felt open and exposed and so ready to be fucked it made him shiver.  (Maybe Tony would after his lesson?)  Not that he wanted to rush the lesson.  He wanted to take Tony down his throat so badly he could taste it.
(Oh.)
She took another sip of her vodka. “Are you still interested?”
“I’m very happy for you.”  She glanced over her shoulder at the door Tony had just exited.  “Be good to him.”  Then she added before Steve could protest.  “I know you will be.”
“Thanks again for the assist,” Steve said with a smile. (A real smile, that reached his bright blue eyes.)
“Nothing comes to mind.” Rhodey’s voice went soft. “But Steve’s crazy about you, man. He’ll like whatever you get him. Doubt he’ll care if you don’t get him anything at all.”
Steve hurried for the gym, then realized he should at least work out and changed into his gym clothes.
Tony stepped away. “No problem.” He scratched the back of his neck. “So, yeah, why don’t you grab a shower and change, then meet me upstairs and I’ll reveal the wonders of
feeling sort of jittery. His usual workout routine had taken a backseat lately, what with the Avengers and the holidays, so maybe Bruce had the right idea. (Not yoga. Nope! But a workout . . .)
Tony blinked.  “Sure, I—“  He blinked again.  “Yeah, I’d like that.”
“—oh, it’s
“Uh, Mr. Stark?” Rogers said,  “About earlier . . . I meant no offense.  I didn’t mean to imply--”
Tony made a tsking noise and said casually, “Now, see, people who get
“How about tomorrow?”
“Yours,” Tony murmured.
Tony blinked, still startled by this sudden turn of events.
“You couldn’t have just put the faceplate up first?” Steve asked.
“Ha!  And then I come to you for repairs and you bitch about damage to the suit, you dick.”
Seeing Beyond
It's good to be back! Thanks for sticking with me.  Hope you liked it! (hugs)
Tony propped up on one elbow and smoothed Steve’s hair away from his forehead.
“The Captain is frustrated, sir.” Another pause. “With some of the material and the gaps in his knowledge. I believe he finds it . . . hard.”
“JARVIS!” Tony called out on sudden inspiration around one in the morning. “Wake everybody up! Let’s share this party!”
“Wait,” Tony said, struck by a sudden realization, “Is this where you learned to make chicken parmesan?”
“It’s
He couldn’t just walk up to Rogers with a casual, “Oh, hey, so apparently you thought you were gonna be a sub back in the old days. So, tell me, just how bad did things suck back then?”
“I keep a list of references to look up on the internet later.”
to! Why won’t you—“
“Oh, hey, that reminds me,” Rhodey said. “Did you get mom’s message? She wants an armchair.”
Tony felt his blush spreading hot down his chest again, cock jumping and jutting between his legs.
“May I?”
Steve didn’t bother rolling his eyes.  He just smiled, nodded, and said, “Yeah.  I know.”
Tony squinted at the Security Blanket sketch. (Really it would all come down to making the fabric not only stretchy and flexible enough, but also strong enough it wouldn’t—)
(Shit.)
Steve lowered Tony very gently, wondering if he should have pulled the blankets back first somehow.
No new email. (That was fine, though. Totally fine.)
Tony came a few steps closer. Steve went stiff, but he didn’t step away so Tony was counting it as win.
It was sudden and almost violent, a hot, gasping collision.  Steve needed more contact, more skin, more Tony.  He pressed against him, eager and insistent as Tony pulled him closer.  Tony hit the wall and braced as they writhed against each other.
Eventually, Steve pulled back a little to ask, brow creased, “How are you feeling?”
“And spider aliens
“Uh, is that a euphemism?”
“Ouph!”
.  Tony rested his chin on Steve’s shoulder, his goatee scratching a little, and put his hands over Steve’s heart.
“Where’s the mini-spectrometer?” Bruce asked, looking around.
Tony blinked and shook his head, ashamed he’d misjudged. Rhodey wasn’t after some juicy story from Captain America—he was worried about his new friend.
His cheek was pillowed on Steve’s massive chest, which rose and fell in the deep steady rhythm of sleep. Steve’s arm was a solid weight across the small of his back. Someone—maybe Bruce?—had covered them with a blanket and let them stay on the couch. They’d sprawled sideways in the night and one of Tony’s legs was curled around Steve’s. It should have been uncomfortable.
“You asked me to keep an eye on Cap,” Tony blurted. “I don’t think I’ve been doing a very good job. I maybe need your help.”
Tony sighed before answering, “Yeah, sure, J.  Send him up.”
“I know the feeling.”
He'd called SHIELD to see if they had any use for him and Hill had replied, a little impatiently, that he could check the roster online to see when he was required and did he need someone to go over the SHEILD website with him
Steve nodded.
“Hi, Steve,” Bruce said, walking into the living room. “Tony mentioned you were watching
They chatted pleasantly for a while, but eventually Tony started getting restless--there were top donors drifting past and he needed to snag a few (and, of course, it had been a while since he’d caught of glimpse of Steve . . .).
chapter dedicated to all the kind people who have encouraged me in writing this, and especially  to Noman and anonymous who talked me out of my funk / anxiety pit about this chapter
When Tony went up to the kitchen a few hours later, he found Steve working at the dinning room table. He was reading a huge PR briefing packet—printed on actual paper—and he was taking notes in the margins.
“Sir? Perhaps now would be an opportune time to remind you once more that you need to prepare for the gala.”
“Sure. Why not? I mean, unless you’ve got plans.”
I am overwhelmed by your kindness and generosity.  Your comments are like a big fluffy blanket of comfort and empathy.  Thank you!
“Workshop, J,” Tony said, stepping into the elevator.
Clint nudged Tony with his elbow.
Tony took a sharp breath; he could feel his throat go tight and his cheeks flame.
“Shall I put the call through?” JARVIS asked.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and pressed it to his head again.  He sucked *hard,* moaning and fucking his hand.  Tony clenched his fist in Steve’s hair and shoved him down on his cock and --
He’d been so happy when he came down to the workshop, but somehow he’d started getting tangled up in the details and the ‘what if’s’ and the thousands of ways everything could go to hell and--
(Huh?) Tony stared at the tablet with a bewildered frown. (Not even a snide subordinate clause!? Had they really--)
.siif = Stark Industries interactive file.  :-)
Tony nodded. He’d expected talking about it to make things less tense, but Steve still seemed coiled tight.
“Tony?” Steve asked, sounding uncertain and apologetic.
(Seriously, SHIELD should fire the lot of them—they wrote
“Yeah,” Tony said. “It was a great interview, Steve. You set up everything for the gala and you spoke out about something really important.” Tony licked his lips. “I love you.”
“You seem nervous,” Natasha said to Bruce quietly.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
An hour later, Tony threw up his hands.  He’d made computation errors.  Computation!  It wasn’t even math.  He couldn’t concentrate.  He downed his coffee and resisted the temptation to go get something stronger.  (Bad idea.  Don’t.)  He’d been planning out The Conversation with more than just the back of his mind-- obviously, if he was screwing up his specs with fucking
Tony rolled his eyes.  (Barton, Romanov, and Rogers?  Probably a lot.  Did they actually have any hobbies other than being big, buff, and deadly?)
Tony turned and strode from the room, without another glance.
Stuffed with Bruce and Steve’s delicious Indian food, but not quite ready to go to bed yet, it was quickly determined that everyone should watch a movie. It was
“Fine,” Nat retorted playfully, “But I’m hiding her like a good spy—where no one will find her.”
Cap shook his head.  “You may know Tony well enough to realize he’d never be causal with a teammate, but you don’t know me at all.”
“Cheers,” Tony replied and pretended to take a sip. Belford smiled again. Tony lowered his hand and discreetly dipped the test paper into his drink.
(Yep. Definitely not fretting.)
“Won’t you excuse me?”
(Oh.  Oh!)
When Tony wandered into the kitchen, he found Steve standing at the stove, spatula in hand, wearing a suit and tie. (Ah!) Tony’d forgotten it was Sunday.
“Come on!” Tony cried, charging ahead. “Hotdogs!”
They smiled and parted.
(So, did you look at my contract?)
Tony smiled.
“Tony, don’t.”  Rhodey’s voice was stern and Tony frowned.  “Don’t.”
(Shit.)
Steve hesitated. “No, no. We all love Park Chop Sui so let’s just-- Wait, will they be open on Christmas?”
Steve grabbed his toothbrush and started getting ready for bed.
Pepper and Steve exchanged approving looks and Tony felt warm.
They went quiet as Tony filled the kettle and set it on the hot plate to rapid boil.  He grabbed one of his MIT mugs and rummaged in the back of the mini pantry for Pep’s favorite green tea with jasmine.
“That’s real sweet of you, Cap,” Tony said. “Gonna make those kids pretty damn happy.”
“Uh-” Rogers hesitated.  “Clint and I were about to order some food and watch the next
Tony cracked the beer first, vaguely surprised Rogers had brought him one, and raised it with a little salute.
“That sounds amazing.”  Steve said it earnestly, with absolute sincerity.  Tony squinted at Steve, searching his face for something else, but after a few seconds Tony relaxed.
Steve gathered his papers and left with a polite nod.
please!”
Rogers—no,
“Are you excited about giving the kids all their presents tomorrow?” Tony asked.
“Tony!”  (Ridiculous.  How could Tony sneak up on someone with super-hearing?  Daydreaming idiot.)
Tony hovered.  “Here,” he said, “You don’t need to do that.  I’ll call my cleaning crew.  They’re just downstairs and--”
Tony grabbed a nice Chianti and a couple of wine glasses.
“Steve?” Tony said.  “Do you want me to be in charge?”
Steve smiled and shifted up for a kiss.  “I’m really lucky too,” Steve told him, looking into his eyes and willing Tony to see, to understand how deeply he was loved.
or he wouldn’t want to date Tony, who was pretty much the antithesis of virginal, right?)
Steve blinked. “You remember that?”
Steve jumped up. He hurried down the hall, his heart pounding more than it should be.
Tony shrugged.  “Whatever’s fine.”
Tony’s music went quiet and he looked up.  Steve was stepping into the workshop with his sketch bag over his shoulder and a pizza box in his hand.
Tony bit his lip and tried to get his (flawed, subjective) memories in order.
without me?”
.)  Steve swallowed.  (I’m not ashamed.  I’m just
“Scanning, sir.”
The concrete floor was hard and cold, its texture rough against Steve’s bare skin.  He could hear Tony opening cabinets and rummaging around, but figured he shouldn’t be trying to guess what Tony was up to or what he was planning.  (Tony’s in control.  Just stay still.  Be good.  “
Silently, Tony pulled up the schematics he’d been working on earlier. Soon it would be time to start making the skeletons for the new range of portal closure devices, but first—coffee.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I can roast a turkey,” Steve said cautiously.
Tony tapped his foot in the elevator. After all, he needed to look his best; there would be tons of photographers on the red carpet.
Pepper looked amused, lips quirked. “And are we taking the subway?” she asked archly.
“I think that’s an excellent idea,” Steve said with a little nod, “But I need to go check in with SHIELD.”
, you thought I was
“Hey JARVIS?” Tony called.  “Surround the Captain with zombies, would ya?”
“Tony?  Are we still—Oh!”
Thanks to thatwhichyields, the scope of this story keeps growing!  You are a joy and an inspiration, my dear. Who knows how long this thing will be now!
with a university degree. But Bruce didn't think it was silly. Bruce thought it was a good idea. He'd go talk to Natasha about sorting out some sort of cover identity and then talk to Tony about--
“I’ll just lower the blinds, shall I, sir?”
Tony felt achy and fidgety, desperate to get out of bed, to go down to the workshop.  He could get JARVIS to throw the surveillance video up on the screens for post-mortem. (And, shit, maybe he should have checked with Steve about that. . .)  If Tony watched the footage, he’d have more accurate data.  After all the human memory was far from perfect and he’d been especially distracted.  (But he hadn’t—he had been focused on Steve.  Hadn’t he?)  Steve nuzzled Tony’s chest in his sleep and Tony firmly pushed away thoughts of his beautiful, serene workshop—he couldn’t leave Steve to wake up alone.
“Well then!” Tony said. “Let’s settle in.
“Clint!  What are you doing!?”
I respect Stark for that. And ANYBODY would look old and flawed next to A GENETICALLY MODIFIED VERSION OF HUMAN PERFECTION. 2/3
“You’re perfect,” Steve repeated, getting to his feet.
Tony smiled and got to his feet twisting and stretching. (Fuck.) He knew what Mrs. Rhodes was doing. Knew why she chose
Tony approached, plate in hand.
“Of course.”
(Oh fuck!)
“Really?” Tony asked skeptically, peering at the turkey’s golden, glistening skin covered in herbs and coarse salt. “Looks good to me.”
“You mean,” Tony corrected, “you didn’t know
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said.
Katie gave him a little smile and shake of her head. “You took most of the challenge out of it. Saving New York is always good PR.”
Rhodes strode over to the War Machine armour, stepped into its glistening body, and left.
She shook her head.  “I should have explained the injection—I’m sorry.”  He tone was stiff, stilted.  “But I can’t apologize for being a Domme since it isn’t something I control and my orientation isn’t about you. As for impersonating a sub at first . . . It was--” she hesitated a moment, “—necessary.”
Tony took a deep breath and let it out, but couldn’t hold the words in.  As Steve took hold of the button over the arc reactor, Tony murmured softly,  “Just . . . some of it isn’t pretty, you know.”
She hadn’t noticed him yet.  Steve considered turning around and beating a hasty retreat.  He knew perfectly well how Ms. Potts felt about him and--much as he admired her loyalty to Tony--he wasn’t terribly fond of her either.
“And I thought we could work on some of my data scans together,” Bruce added. “If you’re done with the Security Blanket, I mean.”
Happy Valentine's Day!  I hope you enjoyed this--and if you did you'll let me know?  Thoughts, musings, curiosity, favorite bits?  Kind comments are a valentine day gift to your sad stressed out writers!  :)
The rest of the ride to New Jersey was tense, but mercifully short.
: I’d like to see you.
grey all of a sudden.
“Glad to hear it,” Tony said, handing back the empty mug with a little smile as he slid out of bed naked. Last night, they’d pulled him into the shower and washed him sweetly before dragging him to bed where they’d curled up around him for the night. Sam had left Tony’s tux neatly folded across the back of a chair, ready for the morning.
“It’s lovely, dear,” Mrs. Rhodes cut him off and wrapped him in her arms. She held him in a long, lingering hug. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
(Things were off to a good start!)
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS answered, voice calm as ever.
Tony blinked.
After a few long moments, Tony glanced up from under his lashes. A hint of a smile was playing at the corners of Steve’s mouth. Tony looked down again.
“Deal me out,” Steve said. He stretched. “I think it’s time for bed. You coming, Tony?”
“Yeah, that’s it, sweetheart,” Tony said, settling between Steve’s spread legs.  He held Steve’s hip down with one hand and stroked his inner thighs with the other.
(Shit.)   Tony hugged Steve close, continued the little caresses.  Should he let it drop?  Did the ‘I love you’ seem manipulative?  He hadn’t meant it to be.  Tony was fumbling around, trying to find a way to turn the conversation back in the right direction.
“I’m very glad to hear it,” Steve added, smiling--not quite able to keep the words in.  Something tight in his chest seemed to loosen at the thought of Tony’s return. “And he’ll have the full support of all the Avengers here.  Once he’s back.”
“What might?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony frowned.
(When Tony turned his parents mansion into a high security shelter for homeless and battered subs, Pepper’d suggested calling it “Stark House.”  Tony declined; he hated to put his name on everything. Especially considering his less than sterling reputation . . . )
Tony held in a sigh. Mrs. Rhodes meant well. (Maybe she wouldn’t wanna talk about it outright? Or maybe it was Rhodey and--) Tony glanced over.
“No of course not!  I didn’t think--” Steve began awkwardly.  He grabbed the letter. “I posted this, but the letter came back.  I thought maybe they don’t want to give him mail there? So I hoped maybe you could . . . ?”
(Shit.)  Tony froze.  (“For God’s sake, talk to the man!” Pepper said exasperatedly in his mind. “Go on!”) Tony swallowed and frowned.  He gazed longingly at the elevator.
wasn’t something to be proud of.)
“Yes, sir.”
Steve flipped Tony over on the couch with a roguish smile at Tony’s approving moan.
“This and that,” Cap answered, making no move for the book, showing no sign he might share it with Tony. Rogers shrugged. “The city . . . people.”
Tony flopped down on his bed, frowning.
“About fucking time!  Hey, Bruce, how about the south side entrance for the main spectrometer base?”
(Shit.  Steve, we really need to talk.  Oh fuck,  I—)
“To friends!”
“Briefly,” she said. “He's in bad shape.”
Clint shrugged. “Then I guess you don’t want to marathon
Steve seized on it eagerly: “Oh, yes, of course! He's in the kitchen.”
“Bruce!?” Tony said. “How are the readings?”
“My tux is a mess and you’ve got a split lip and a bloody nose,” Tony continued, reaching up to touch Steve’s face gently as if he had the injuries. “I give you my thanks and my handkerchief. You don’t recognize me and I just introduce myself as ‘Tony.’ I’m only half joking when I offer you the hero’s traditional reward, but your ears turn pink and you sputter that I don’t owe you anything, you just wanted to help, and that’s it—I’m gone. You’re cute and brave, but not macho or anything, just
(See the end of the chapter for
(Was Steve *smiling* around a mouthful of cock?)
“Okay, okay. Subway it is,” Tony said. “Have fun with the kiddies.”
“Tony, you just sent me a cryptic hand-written thank you note and a four-thousand dollar bouquet of flowers and shoes.  The last time you tried to
Of course, if he went on Twitter or hunted through the comment pages, it would be another story—but he wasn’t a moron. If you turned over the rock, you’d find nasty crawling things. He knew to leave the rock in place.
“Oh, yeah!” Steve nodded. “I really liked that one.”
“Sure, muffin top.”
“Mr. Steven Rogers,” Tony said, raising his glass and offering a little salute.  She padded barefoot to the bar.
Tony stretched again and rolled towards her with a little purring sound, then burrowed into the pillows some more. He nodded and let his eyes slip shut again.
“Tell him I’m coming down.” Tony paused. “No, wait. Don’t tell him. Better wait until I’m almost there.”
“Yeah, sure,” Steve said vaguely. “Maybe I’ll go in sometime.”
Happy holidays and a joyful new year!  (Though, I do hope to have chapter 21 up before 2014 hits... wish me luck!  :-)
Tony liked movies. Steve liked movies. In fact, Tony was the one who introduced Steve to 21st century movies and he’d been tremendously proud of himself for picking out things Steve enjoyed (once Steve had recovered from how loud and how fast and how bright and how colorful they all were). So this would be great, right?
Tony took a deep breath and held Steve a little tighter, resting his head against Steve’s chest as Steve gathered him in his arms. Steve pressed his cheek to the top of Tony’s head and just held him quietly for a few minutes. Tony could hear his heartbeat.
Tony frowned. She’d come to a stop next to a large grey door, unlabeled like the hallways, and took a little step closer.
Tony smiled.
Steve nodded and smiled at his team.  The panic was receding.  He reached up to rest his hand on Tony’s.
“So beautiful,” Steve whispered, thrusting in slowly.
“I had nearly every poem in that anthology memorized at one point,” Steve said, less bragging and more nostalgic.
Tony had known better than to so much as peek earlier and for once knowing better had motivated his actions.  (Ha!  See?  Self-restraint.  Totally possible.)  If he’d looked at Steve’s spreadsheet, there was no way he’d have been able to fall asleep.  He’d probably have just dashed down the stairs, exhausted or no, and mauled the man in the common room.  And he’d needed sleep so he could think and he’d needed sleep so he could take Steve on a second date.  (We’re doing this right.  Don’t fuck up.)  So he’d slept.  For eleven hours.  (And not because Steve told him to.)
There was something wet on Tony’s shoulder.  Tony realized with a jolt that Steve wasn’t just trembling, he was
“We’d better go find out.”
Steve was breathing deeply in sleep, brow slightly creased and lips slightly parted, his arm slung loosely around Tony’s waist. With a bit of regret, Tony slid carefully out from under his arm and headed to the bathroom for a piss and a glass of water. He considered heading to the workshop, but Steve looked so beautiful . . . and if he woke up, Tony’d hate for him to be alone.
“Still,” Rogers said, with a smile, “I’m curious. And I like the way you explain things.”
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Thank you so much--more than I can say--to everyone who has cheered me on and left me kind words of encouragement.  Your generosity helps keep me going.
"I've never seen anything like it," Phillips said, shaking his head.  "Attractive little omega like you hell bent on carrying a shield."  He squinted at Steve and his voice went a little soft.  "Is this about Barnes?  He fell defending the North Coast and you want revenge?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve nodded with satisfaction and patted his knee.
“And that?” Steve asked when he was done.
“Please,” Bruce interrupted, hand outstretched.  “Let me.  I’m sorry.  Just—“  Bruce fumbled and gave Tony a strained smile.  “It’s a lot to live up to.  But it means a lot to me, that you trust me.  I, uh.  Thank you.”
Dummy wheeled up to Tony’s side, claw head swiveling. Tony reached out to pet him as he bumped his head lightly against Tony’s hip.
“Tony?”  Rhodey’s face was creased, his brows knit, mouth frowning just slightly.  It could have looked pensive, but Tony knew it was worry.  Rhodey hesitated a second then asked, “He’s good to you?”
—angry and violent. Totally out of control.”
Tony hovered uncertainly, eyes still adjusting to the almost blackness.  What might a super-soldier do if startled?
“I obeyed all the traffic laws.”
++++++++++++
And now Steve laughed, but his shoulders were still bunched up tight and tense.  Tony pressed himself into Steve’s arms and said a little more softly, “He couldn’t change my mind. Especially about you.”  Tony rubbed his cheek against Steve’s massive chest and Steve let out a long deep sigh.
“Thank you, Bruce,” Steve said his voice going a little thick. Somehow Bruce always managed to make him feel better.  “I really appreciate your—”
, mouth quirked and one eyebrow raised. “Honey,” she said, the vowels drawn out. She shook her head.
Steve took a deep breath and fetched a glass of water before trying to concentrate on the spreadsheet again.
“Well, if you come out, I’ll see what I can--”
Rogers nodded. “They’re bullies. And cowards.”
“Yep,” Sasha said with a sigh. “But I’ve been considering a move. Especially lately.”
(Shit.)
“What have they got you on for that?”  Tony asked, waving at Rhodey’s injuries.
“We’re still training together,” Rogers said a little blankly, then added with a bit of a smile, “You disarmed JARVIS’ giant robot so fast yesterday, though, there was hardly any point in having the rest of us there.”
“—the K-52’s?” Tony said, finishing Bruce’s sentence.  “Nope!  Steve gave me a hand this time.  But I’m glad you’re here, Brucie Bear!  I wanted to ask you about the Compton scattering of the synchrotron radiation.”
Tony shrugged and made a mental note to look this shit up later. Or not. (Yeah, maybe not.)
Natasha looked curious, Bruce looked disappointed, and Clint looked frankly incredulous.  He stared at Tony a moment, then demanded, “What the fuck, dude?  Seriously?”
“Need a hand?” Tony asked.
“What’s all this, Bruce?” Tony asked.
Tony wanted to twitch and fidget in the elevator.  He wished he’d worn a suit so that he could adjust the cufflinks or something; instead he pulled the hood up a little higher across the back of his neck and shoved his hands into the front pockets.  He could practically feel Rogers’ curious, uneasy little glances.  It sucked.  Tony charged out of the elevator.
Steve smiled. “Thanks.”
? You could have
“Oh, wow. You weren’t kidding about the purring.”
“Ok, roll the film, J!” Tony called.
“Basketball, huh?”
“Tony?”
“Rhodey,” Tony scolded.
“Pep!”
“Just something I’ve been working on,” Bruce said.
“Well,” Steve said, frowning a little. “I did want to meet my—“
(The elevators worked for her.)
Steve closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, breathing in Tony’s scent.  His hips twitched, his hard cock eager for friction.  Tony was still asleep.  Maybe it would be okay to wake him up with a blow job?  Tony had teased him about asking for permission before.  What had he said?
“Hope the salad isn’t too bitter,” Bruce mumbled.
“Deputy Hill.”
“Here you go, babe,” Tony said, giving Steve a little kiss on the cheek as he handed over the beer. Steve smiled brightly and pressed his lips to Tony’s temple.
Steve pulled away.  He glanced around the restaurant.  Tony let his hand drop.
Sorry to leave you there . . . Well, okay, not that sorry.   :-)
--and Tony had seen his fair share of beauty.  (Pull yourself together, Stark.)  He swallowed.
“Excellent. If you are still interested at the close of our meeting, I will provide some funds for travel expenses. This is separate from the salary. For your initial session, the artist would pay you 25$.”
The room was silent, but for the sound of Bruce’s deep breaths.  In . . . hold. Out. In . . . hold. Out.
“--and Natasha and Clint have extensive training in evasion, concealment, and hand to hand combat.”
“Yeah. So, since you’ve seemed pretty into it, I thought we could add another cuisine to the list.     Normally you can’t get a reservation here the day of, but I know the owners so, even though they’re fully booked, they were kind enough to set something up.”
—really is a date. That I didn’t misunderstand. I mean, right after we talked, I was positive! But the more I thought about it and the later it got, well . . .” Steve gave a sheepish smile and trailed off with a shrug.
“Uh, that was an either-or question, Cap.”
“I said that—despite a few early misunderstandings—I felt confident I had not abused my power, and that if he had any doubts he should speak to you directly.”
Tony dropped his eyes.
) badger the man he loves into fucking him.
“Where’s this ass-kicking I was promised?” he asked.
“Just, I dunno. I don’t usually
How was Bruce cool with this?  Bruce was probably Tony’s closest friend on the team!  And Nat—she seemed fine with it too, judging by the menacing looks she’d been casting him since his less than enthusiastic response. Somebody had to do something or this would end in tragedy, and it looked like it fell to him.
Tony bit his lip and Steve added, “Really, I’m happy to do whatever you think best here. After all, you’ve dealt more with SHIELD than I have.”
“Nice getting to touch you,” Steve continued in a low voice, still caressing Tony’ back. “I wanted to so badly sometimes when we’d watch
“Looking forward to it,” Steve added softly, probably too late for Tony to hear, but what he really wanted to say was “thank you” or maybe “merry Christmas.” And Stark Tower was still ugly, still sleek and strange, but it finally felt a little less cold.
“May I remind you that you have a glass of water and two ibuprofen on your nightstand?”
“Sir?  Captain Rogers would like to meet with you,” JARVIS announced, turning down AC/DC to be heard.  “He asks when it might be convenient.”
“Yeah.  I’m on the team now, but I have to provide headquarters for the Initiative.”
and boom!  We’re done.  Thanks.”
Tony held out his hands expectantly, looking at the restraints, and Steve placed his wrists in Tony’s open hands.  Tony kissed his palms quickly, one then the other, and pushed Steve’s wrists up to the headboard.
“Hey, what’s this, man?” Clint asked with a mock glare. “You too good to fight anybody but Captain America himself? Mere humans beneath you?”
“I’m Sir James, Captain of the King’s Guard,” he said briskly.  “I’m to take you immediately to the King.”
Tony fidgeted, glancing back at his work.  “I’ve got a lot left to do.  It’s going to be a really late night and I’m . . .” He hesitated.  “Steve, I’m kind of . . .” (not in the mood)  “—
“Getting Steve caught up on
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it again, struggling to find the right words for the moment: to reassure Steve that he’d never hold his inexperience against him; that it was the most loved he’d ever felt in a scene; that he’d honestly forgotten Steve came too fast and it was sort of adorable anyway. But Tony’s brain was still sleep-muddled without coffee.
? Get the fuck out. Just get the fuck out.”
Once that thought occurred to him, Tony curled around to keep an eye on Steve, checking for signs of real distress, but he seemed fine--just emotionally engaged and moved.  Nevertheless, Tony stroked his legs soothingly and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s knee like a cat during the more intense portions.  He reveled in the sense that his presence at Steve’s feet was a comfort and that satisfaction helped ease him toward that lax, loose state of relaxation that he didn’t have a name for.  (Warm. Comfortable. Hazily content.)
And fuck the ‘40’s—how many ‘romantic’ movies
Tony nodded. “I’ll be out of here soon, give you a hand.”
“Good. There are four charity galas I recommend you attend. The Firefighter’s Association was actually on your calendar before, but they rescheduled after the October attack—the original date was for the 4
Steve pressed him back still further; Tony’s thighs went taught with the effort of holding position.
“Also,” Natasha said, out of nowhere (no, seriously, when did she get there?), “the Femme Domme villain in the reboot was an absurd cliché.”
(Steve!)
“Lots of my family went into the military.”
Anticipation was something Steve liked to savor.  He went to his little kitchenette and made an entire pot of lavender earl grey tea.  (A gift from Bruce.)  He fixed up a tray with his Stark Industries mug, milk & sugar, and a plate of chocolate digestive biscuits (a gift from Natasha).  He put the teapot under his tea cozy (a gift from Thor, who learned to knit from Jane), and carried the whole thing over to his favorite armchair, the one Tony hated.  (Clint had helped him rescue it from a curb in Brooklyn.)  Steve put a pencil behind his ear and grabbed his StarkTab, then settled in to read.
“About the spreadsheet,” Steve said.  “It looked, ah,” Steve toyed with his beer, “really interesting, but I only got a quick glimpse of it in the workshop before. . . ” he looked down, “ah, we were busy doing *other things.*  Even at a glance, there were a bunch of terms on it I’d never heard of before or didn’t make sense to me.”
“Sure,” Steve agreed, then paused. “Er, it won’t interfere with your medication?”
Steve pulled his bike into his spot at the tower and took the elevator up to the communal kitchen.
“Really? Why?”
. Something relaxed inside Tony that he hadn’t even known was a little bit tense.
Tony was startled from his thoughts by one of Dummy’s familiar little chirps.  (10% volume; good bot.)  Tony opened his eyes and smiled at the sight of Dummy with a large bottle of Smart Water extended in his claw.
Soon the whole team was giving Steve a mini-history of pop music, calling requests out to JARVIS, and fact-checking wikipedia for disputed trivia. Potatoes were diced. Apples were sliced. Mrs. Rhodes’ orders were followed with prompt obedience.
“Oh, of course,” she said, a hint amused. “Obviously.”
“Is that an oil can?” Steve asked bemused.
“I loved it. I love
“When you say that Tony told you it was ‘ok not to be ok,’ what do you mean?” Colbert asks.
It only took a moment before Tony deflated.
“Good.” Then Jackie leaned in and said with a lear, “And is he as
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Bruce grimaced. “We did.” Tony opened his mouth to protest, but Bruce held up a hand, adding, “But, I should have come down before. Steve worried we might interrupt you in the middle of something delicate.” Bruce said it like it was a silly concern.
He paused for a moment.  She looked upset--maybe a little angry?
: Good. Sam asked me to stay for dinner
“Of course.” Steve twitched—(almost stood up?)—but he kept his butt planted in his seat and looked up at Tony with a smile.
Whatever. Everybody knew it was there. It was fine that the team—(and
Tony was only too happy to stop hammering at the damn Security Blanket with his brain. He was on the verge of an engineering headache. Seriously, it was never gonna be strong enough.
Tony took a deep breath.  He settled back to run through the evening again (and again and again), waiting for Steve to wake up.
“Tony, I—“ Steve took a step into the workshop, eyes wide and hand outstretched for a moment, before he drew it back. Cap swallowed, looked at Tony intently for a few seconds, and fell into parade rest. He gave Tony a little half-smile and a shrug. “I was thinking about ordering Thai food and watching an episode of
Tony shivered and closed his eyes.
He beckoned Bruce in.
“No Bruce?” Steve asked, glancing around.
(Shit.  Yeah, throw food away in front of the guy who grew up poor in the Great Depression.  Awesome idea.)
“Thank you, Bruce.”
Tony nodded then remembered and answered softly, “Yes, Steve.”
“Good.”  She held out her hand and Steve shook it, holding back a sigh.  Hill was one of those people who always clenched his hand too hard, like she was proving a point.
As the sounds of Scott Joplin filled the Tower, Tony glanced around the room at his team and realized they belonged there. And it felt good. Surprisingly good.
Tony had been hoping to get in and out of SHIELD without too much fuss.  Just drop by—the usual.
Tony set his frame down very carefully, even though he knew the plastic covering wasn’t breakable, and then slid a narrow box over to Clint. Clint tore at the wrapping paper with glee, tossed the lid aside, and discarded the layers of tissue paper.
(Better send Pep some flowers.  Or shoes.  Flowers and shoes?  Yeah . . . Apology Basket 3.)
“It’s weird being back at SHIELD,” Rogers eventually piped up.
Eventually, Steve drew back, breathing heavily. Tony licked his lips and took a deep breath, relieved to find he hadn’t dumped his coffee all over the bed. Steve sat smiling at him. After a moment, he cleared his throat.
“It’s really not funny,” Steve protested.
Clint paused, beer bottle half way to his mouth.  He frowned. “Is this a trick question?”
“I mean,” Steve rushed on, “we’ve had dinner out together before plenty of times and I used to wish they were dates.  Sometimes it felt like they were, like you were my fella, but they weren’t really.  So *this* is our first date.”  Steve looked down at his pizza, then peeked up at Tony and added with a bashful smile, “This is my first date.”
Steve had always loved the pomp and grandeur of midnight services on Christmas eve.  The candles, the carols, the organ, the choir.  St. Michael’s was a stunning old church and still used the older version of the Book of Common Prayer, unchanged from Steve’s memories.  He was lost in a happy throng of people, the church packed for the beloved holiday, its benches and aisles crowded with solitary worshipers of all ages, elderly couples holding hands, young couples with small children struggling to stay awake so late in the evening.  There were some people in their twenties with brightly dyed hair, in blues and greens, covered in tattoos and piercings.  (And maybe leather isn’t considered inappropriate for Church anymore?)  Steve sat on the end of a back row, next to a couple who looked like they might have been born not too long after Steve.  They addressed him as ‘young man.’
“The agenda for this meeting,” Dominic said briskly, bringing up the first slide, “is to review findings by the Avengers science team, go over the proposed—”
“Nat got to you too?” Clint asked him with an amused look.
“Uh, well,” Steve fidgeted.
“Hey,” Tony said softly, laying a hand on Steve’s arm. “I’m really glad we’re going out.”
On day four, Steve was reading near the coffee again when he heard voices approaching from the elevator; he tried to focus on his book. (Act normal.)
“Great! I’ll go grab my coat. Meet you on your floor in ten?”
Tony was startled to find that being on a date with Steve felt normal. Natural.
Steve stood frozen for a moment.  His dropped his gaze and raised his hands uncertainly to his collar then lowered them to start with his cuffs, suddenly awkward.  Was there a certain way he was supposed to do this?  What did Tony expect?  What if he--
Steve gave a little snort.  (Okay, not the best way to say it,  but kinda funny…)  Steve shook his head.  (Not that you’ll be saying anything soon.  You can’t even
Tony shook his head.
Steve was giving him that startled look of his: big blue eyes, tight drawn eyebrows. “I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean—“
“Fuck you,” Tony said without venom.
Eventually, though, Tony had to break the silence—he couldn’t hold it in. Very, very quietly he said: “Steve? You said you weren’t going to jump—” Steve took a sharp breath, and Tony rushed on, “No, don’t start. I believe you—the thought didn’t even cross your mind—but
“So, maybe I don’t
Tony suppressed a wince.
“What?”
“Roll it, JARVIS!”  Tony called out.
It snapped into place and Tony prepared for an escape maneuver, but Hulk just yawned again and picked up one of his balls. He threw it to Natasha.
(He’s not going to dance with you, stupid. Especially if you’re asking to lead! Not after everything. Not in public. Why the hell did you think--?)
“I know, Cap.” Tony rested his face in his hands for a moment, then rubbed at his forehead. “I know.” He took another sip of coffee. (
. . . )
“But, tell me, Cap,” Tony said, his polite smile at odds with his tight tone of voice. “What sent you rushing onto the balcony?”
Tony braced himself for questions or an awkward ‘sure is nice out’ or something, but the moments turned into minutes and Steve just stood there silently, gazing at the moon, not even glancing in Tony’s direction. (Not that Tony kept glancing at
“Good.  Hawkeye?”
“I most certainly did!” Tony said smugly.
Tony’d never heard Steve sing properly before, just the low hum that went with cooking Sunday brunch. He had a lovely voice, untrained but melodious.
Tony flung himself sprawling into a chair at the far end of the table and raised his glass.
“Time for a little more sleep, J. Just wake me if things go south.”
“See you later, babe,” Tony said, leaning up to give Steve a quick kiss.  “Try not to let Natasha kill you.”  With that, Tony disappeared into his enormous bathroom.
“Well,” Tony said blandly, with something between a smile and a grimace, “it’s never boring.”
“And we don’t have to stop at the Met!” Tony enthused. “We could fly to Paris! Or Florence if you want! Go to the Louvre or the Uffizi or wherever else!”
“Thanks. I need all the help I can get!” Steve crossed himself, expression playful. Mikie smiled and went to say something to Bruce.
.  Okay?”
“They were loading it onto the quinjet when I left,” Rogers said.  “I set out on foot immediately.”
Tony waved the praise away and asked, “So what’s up?”
(Steve had been so passionate that afternoon though! That could be a good sign?)
“If I may, sir, a most sensible notion.”  A pause. “Shall I lock the workshop on your departure?”
Standing at the edge of the ballroom, looking at the railing he’d hopped over, the spot where he’d stripped off his clothes and whipped out a bag of coke, he felt so remote from it, like it had been another man in another lifetime.
.’ I just wanted you to feel at home to, I dunno, make changes or whatever in your place.” Tony paused a moment. “You do like it, right?”
between them, it’s like a skittish animal that could bolt any second.  Or bite.)
“No! Don’t. I’m not trying to chase you out,” Tony said, then added with suppressed impatience, “I’m
.Movies. Food.”
“And I’m supposed to believe that?” Steve asked with a glare.
They spent the next few minutes absorbed in the menu, discussing the merits of various items and what they might share. Tony expected to translate the Italian culinary terms, but Steve seemed quite at ease.
Johnson’s eyebrows shot up with surprise and perhaps a hint of indignation. (Tony had a reputation of a certain sort, after all.)
Alone again, Pepper looked down at Tony with a quizzical look.
be signed bespoke.”
Hi guys!  My mom has a cameo in this chapter!  Yay!  (I couldn't resist....)  :-)
The creature on the ground was shrieking louder and its form started to undulate and recover that unctuous shine—then suddenly it leapt ten feet into the air.
“You like Project Runway?”
.  I’m not too particular, so, you wanna come eat and cast the deciding vote?”
“Gorgeous,” Steve murmured and leaned down to kiss Tony’s cock.
Steve obeyed, breath hitching a little as his hard cock pressed down against the bed.  He heard Tony open the cap on some sort of bottle, then a wet noise.  Tony’s hands were slick with oil when he touched Steve’s shoulders with a firm pressure.  Tony pressed down where Steve’s shoulders had grown a little stiff.
(“Are you okay, hon? What are you doing? Jesus, Tony! You’re in public!”  “Oh, fuck the fuck off, would you?  Don’t be such a prudish bitch.  Try fucking the stick up your ass for a change!”)
Bruce spread his hands helplessly and made an apologetic grimace. “I know when to pick my battles? Sorry. Apparently, I’m totally transparent. Have some pizza.”
“Sorry,” Tony said without any real contrition, moving to tighten Dummy’s J-75 joint.
“Sir awoke at 10:37 am and resumed work on his current project.”
“Okay.”
The Grand Ballroom was a glittering example of 19
“For nothing?” Tony repeated incredulously, then said in a more seductive tone, “Anticipation can be its own pleasure, darling.”
The dual sensations—the warm wet pressure on his dick, and that tantalizing finger pressing very slowly in and out, not far, just a little, fucking into him gently . . .
“Tony—“
“Hey, it’s okay,” Tony said. Bruce had both his hands resting, palms down, on the workbench; Tony ducked under his arm to get in close and give Bruce a hug.
“Have you considered the possibility that
Tony stumbled towards the bathroom, scratching his butt. (What? Nobody could see him.) Tony brushed his teeth and frowned at his reflection in the mirror. He was looking a little . . . unkept. Tony rinsed and spat.
Tony nodded, then said inside the suit, “Hey JARVIS, give me some scans of that thing, would you buddy?”
Tony drizzled oil down Steve’s crack and then his fingers slid more easily, slowly in then out, in then out, driving Steve half-mad with the need for more, harder, faster.
“Send Leo a bottle of Glenlivet would you, JARVIS?”
Tony continued, “I mean, seriously. ‘
Tony held his breath a moment, then crept closer. He was pretty sure he heard Rogers kick something, then:
“Pepper,” she returned. He smiled a little wider.
like? I dunno, Tony, what do
“Sorry, honeybunch. But don’t worry about me! Honestly, I’ll probably be down in the workshop and forget the date. Besides,” Tony added impishly, “you know I’m a godless heathen.”
“Jesus! No!” Tony cried, startled. “This is Captain America we’re talking about! Come on, that’s—“
“Maybe?”
“You’ll do fine,” Tony told him with a shrug. “You look great, Cap.” Tony raised an eyebrow and added, “Though, you’re messing up that bowtie.”
(“Whatever” is clearly code for “talking about feelings” not something else, right? Right.)
“Don’t get your hopes up, little guy.” Steve smiled at Dummy. “Never was all that talented and now I’m terribly rusty.”
Rogers was already in the kitchen the next morning when Tony wandered in wearing the same jeans and AC/DC shirt as last night. (Well “morning.” It was, like, 11 am, but whatever.)
“Yeah. Just needed a refill.”
Tony’s heart leapt. (
“Not Steve, I take it?” Clint said with a smirk.
Thanks for reading!  And for sticking with me for all this time.  Happy valentine's day, friends.  I'm happy to spend this holiday with you and Steve and Tony and my lovely beta who made time for a last minute reading.
“Tony, do I solder the B-27 wire to board K?” Bruce asked.
“I thought you might like to get my chair,” Tony repeated.
“As kids I think Bucky made it his mission to toughen me up,” Steve said. “I guess he figured that I’d have just that much more need to stand up for myself, what with how sick I was and my size, which, well, since we assumed I’d be inverted.”
“All right, Avengers,” Katie said, motioning to the stage door of the auditorium. “Go!”
Bruce nodded. “Movie.”
Even if Bruce did beat him six times in a row.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rogers began washing up. The silence was painful.
okay?”
“The betting pool,” Jerry said, “On who’d be the first at SHIELD to get Stark down.”
An icy blast hit Tony as he slid the balcony door open. (
Tony’d never realized there were so many little ways he could touch someone over breakfast: and hand on Steve’s arm, asking him to pass the salt; his knee against Steve’s under the table; a hand running down Steve’s back as he got up for more coffee. He couldn’t seem to stop smiling.
“I’d be game,” Pepper said.
“You’re blushing.”
“If you like,” Steve said after a moment’s hesitation. “I feel terrible that I don’t have anything for you though.”
“Hey, Clint?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Huh? No! Of course not! I invited you.” Tony protested. “I was glad you came.” Tony said, just meaning to reassure Steve, who was apparently as nervous about the evening as Tony had been. (Or got nervous because Tony was nervous?) As he spoke, though, Tony realized how entirely he meant it. He
“Always.”
Today Jackie was wearing tight white trousers, electric pink platforms and a matching pink chiffon blouse. The instant he saw Tony he gasped.
When he turned back, Steve was giving him an amused, happy little smile, but edged with confusion.
Tony shrugged, but his shoulders were so tight it probably looked weird, jerky not calm and casual.  “Yeah. Workshop’s calling.  Lots to do.”
“I think it went really well,” Steve reiterated.
Not that Tony thought Rogers’d use the word “whore,” but still.  Rogers wouldn’t think of Tony the same way once he’d had him. Wouldn’t give him the same respect.  He might even think he could order Tony around whenever, wherever.
". . . thirteen-point-two-five percent increase in revenue from--"
, but . . . I—” Rogers faltered, then started again: “When you refused and I kept asking that . . . that was disrespectful of me. My behavior was inappropriate and wrong.”
Dominick clicked on his Powerpoint.
“Come on, Tony,” Steve said, voice suddenly soft.  “Get up.  We have to talk.”
>>>>>>>>
“Well, then you can’t blame me for waking you up!”
Tony opened the refrigerator and pulled out roast beef and cheddar. He put two slices of sourdough in the toaster, then thought better of it and added two more. Tony started slicing a tomato.
Tony felt a sharp jolt of relief; its intensity startled him. He took a deep breath.
“Good. And I thought we’d take a cab,” Steve said. “At first, I wanted to take us out on the Dominator, but then we’d be wearing bike gear and the weather’s pretty rough, so, yeah. I thought a cab.”
“Yep. Sorry, big guy,” Tony said, patting his shoulder consolingly and clinking their drinks together. “Cheers.”
“Okay. So, uh, smelly tea, right?”
“Ridiculous,” Tony mumbled again.  Steve stroked his neck gently and Tony paused.  “Why would you even ask something like that?”
“I’m really not.” She quirked an eyebrow at him and tossed her ponytail. “It’s the twenty-fifth, Tony.”
Over Bruce’s shoulder, Tony caught Steve’s eye on the other side of the Quinjet as he glanced up from his sketchbook. Were Steve’s ears a little pink? Tony looked back to the board as he felt the telltale tingling on his cheeks. (Damn it.) He checked that his sleeves were down over his wrists—in the lab he was always rolling them up, so sometimes he did it without thinking.
(Go on, stupid.  Stop procrastinating with small talk.)  Tony paused, then asked, “So, how was training with Natasha?”
“Were you?”
My new job is about to explode with extreme crazy, but hopefully I'll still find time to write.  Do please PLEASE cheer me on if you can by telling me if there's stuff you especially liked in this chapter.  Musings, curiosity, and predictions about future chapters also welcome.  Basically anything to tell me that helps remind me to live in this world from time to time is a huge help.
Thank you all so much for your support!  Things have been rough in RL and your unflagging kindness means so much to me. This story is dear to me and it has been sad to be away from it for so long.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Hot sharp sweet, the waves of pleasure went on until it turned to almost pain, as Steve kept lapping at his over-sensitive, softening cock. Tony twisted his hips away and Steve allowed it.
Jerry said it slowly, like the Captain was a bit dim. Another agent vacated their table, fleeing the projected blast radius.
Steve took a sharp breath and pulled back so he could see Tony’s face, putting distance between them.
Steve looked down, expression a little surprised, and nodded. The lingering tension in his shoulders started draining away.
Tony stared at the steaming omelet for a moment.  Methodically, slowly, he began dividing it into bite-sized pieces with his fork.
“It wasn’t . . .”--she deliberated--“a priority.”
“We go way back,” Rhodey said, with a grin.
“Okay.  Cool.”
Finally Rogers said, “Uh. I think you might need to get some sleep, Mr. Stark.”
“I’ve done something stupid,” Tony blurted.
.)  Waves of relief coursed through Steve and he felt a sense of distant surprise at their intensity.  (I did well.  I got it right.)  Steve flushed with pride.
Steve nodded in acknowledgement. “By our fight.” He sighed again.  “But now that you’ve had some time to think, can’t you see that what you did was wrong?”
Tony’s hand tightened on his glass and he turned to look out at the dancers gliding past.
Talking to Tony had been exhausting—he hated revisiting those dark thoughts, that self-loathing—but now he felt freer, lighter, as if Tony had taken a terrible burden from his shoulders.  (God, I love him.) Steve shaded in the dark whiskers of Tony’s goatee, blending them to softness with his finger.  (I don’t have to hide the past from him.)  He took a long, calming breath as Tony’s features took shape on the page.  (We’re good. Everything’s good.)  His hands moved steadily, smooth familiar motions.  (Tony was really worried about me.)  Steve paused, feeling a pang of guilt.  He hadn’t meant to cry like that, hadn’t meant to worry Tony.   (He takes such good care of me . . . I shouldn’t worry him. . .)  Slowly, Steve resumed the sketch, finishing up Tony’s beautiful eyes.  (It’s okay.  I’ll read anything he gives me.  He said that would make him worry less.  It’s fine.  We’re fine.)
“Not long after you modeled, a young woman—afraid I’ve forgotten the name!—came  in to look at some student work and show it to the collector she works for who sometimes acts as a patron to promising young artists. He liked young Mr. Winslow’s drawing from that class and purchased it directly, though sadly no additional patronage seems to be forthcoming thus far. But a few days later one of this young lady’s colleagues came by to reiterate the collector’s satisfaction with the work.  And with its subject.”
“Be good while Daddy’s out!” Tony called to the bots, then stepped into the elevator.  Steve reached out to pull him close and Tony barely stifled a little noise of surprise.
Steve took a tiny step back.
“Uh-huh.”
Tony startled visibly, eyes wide. Cap continued without pause; his speech sounded carefully prepared, recited from rote. “I hope you know that Iron Man’s place on the Avengers had nothing to do with your orientation and I had no—“ for the first time, Rogers looked away, “—
Tony nodded and gave him a doe-eyed look. “America’s Darling Doms!” He let out a theatrical sigh. “They’re so dreamy . . . I have a google alert for new photos.”
(Dear Lord, please help me be good to Tony.  Help me deal with . . .
“Uh,” Steve said, flipping his eggs. “Did you want some breakfast?”
Tony winced inwardly and made a mental note to talk about that with Cap later. (Seriously, ew.  ‘Inverted’ went out around the same time as ‘negro.’) But now wasn’t the time.
“Great meeting!” Tony called over his shoulder. He thought he heard Cap laugh.
“Is he under arrest?” Captain America asked.  Tony nearly jumped; the man was so quiet on his feet, Tony hadn’t noticed him circle around and get between them and Fury.  At least Fury also looked a little startled by the question.
After their talk in the living room, Steve suddenly found himself thinking about Stark. Actually, that wasn’t new—he’d been thinking about Stark before then, but with a low gut churning guilt that could push bile up his gorge or freeze up his lungs. (
“So numb. All the time,” he whispered, chest going tight. “Before the battle, after the battle—like I was still in the ice.” He swallowed thickly. “You made me feel something. You made me so angry, but at least it was
Then he sat up a little and added with a wry smile, “I’ve done way more demanding stuff way more hungover. Their coding lessons still seem to be going well, but I think we need more tutors. Isaac and I have a meeting soon, so we’ll work it out.” Tony adjusted his cuffs, then added, “Gina asked me to bring the Avengers around.”
“The Avengers are structured differently from military units. I’m not the commanding officer; I’m more of a lead strategist. That’s more like how we ran the Howling Commandos. This format gives us a lot of flexibility, but it works best small. The Avengers model doesn’t scale up well; it’d be hard to have a full military without a clear chain of command.”
With a last deep breath, Steve headed to the vestry.  He’d never miss honey gingerbread.
“SHIELD gave me a Motorola.”
“We’ll have to clean these,” she said briskly, looking at the cuts in Stark’s hands, the little shards of glass embedded in his palms.
(Oh, right.) Tony shrugged. “I didn’t want the machine to wake you up.”
As always, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed it!
“Good,” Alex said, smiling.  “Really well! Especially lately.  I, uh, I actually go by Sasha now.”
“Of course you do,” Tony said, unable to stop a smirking little smile from quirking up, “but you should still let me drive. We’ll take the Lotus.”
“All ready?” Steve asked, smiling as Tony approached.  (Damn, he looked good!)  Steve was wearing a fitted blue dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and Tony had never been more grateful that he’d introduced Steve to his tailor—I mean, *nobody* is built like Captain America, so it’s not like ready-to-wear clothes fit him at all.
In the workshop, Tony unrolled the bolt of poly-aramid and cracked his knuckles.
Steve leaned heavily against the kitchen counter, slouching on his bar stool and frowning at the twenty-two tabs he had open on his laptop.  Trying to find a good restaurant in New York shouldn’t be hard, but finding a restaurant for a date with Tony posed a bit of a challenge.  The restaurant needed to be good, obviously, but not so swanky that Steve would feel uncomfortable.  (Also, best if it’s not the sort of place the paparazzi hang around…) So, someplace quiet and homey where they wouldn’t attract too much attention.  Of course, there was the usual shawarma joint, Tony’s favorite Chinese restaurant, the sushi place Bruce loved, the fried chicken joint Thor dragged them to, Clint’s pizza place (not as good as Piaci), and Natasha’s
Yeah, @minamini21, Stark’s WAY TOO OLD for Cap. #closethegap
“Yeah?”
“I love you,” Tony said as Steve laid the tray down next to him.
Tony kissed his cheek.  “Good boy.”
“I’m glad you made it out, Iron Man,” Rogers said in a low voice. “Glad you’re awake.”
Steve’s sincerity left Tony feeling flat footed and it was too early for bantering comebacks, so Tony just mumbled: “You’re too good to me.”
Steve’s thoughts skittered off in a new direction, but Tony continued undeterred: “You’re always being watched, one way or another. Credit cards, cell phone, GPS, traffic cameras, google maps, all the apps—each of them just pinging your information into a vast network that knows your every move and preference, what you like to buy, and how you tend to think. Welcome to big data, Capsicle!”
(Overcompensating much, Captain. 17%?  Guess you finally passed that training module, huh Rogers?)
“Maybe I could draw you flying it up there,” Steve said.
From the far end of the hall, Tony could hear JARVIS speaking softly, but couldn’t make out the words; his soothing voice was punctuated by louder, clearer exclamations from the Captain:
“What? No.”
“Maybe?  I don’t know,” Steve said softly.  “I’m not actually sure I came out of it before I fell asleep.  I still, kinda, had the swimming feeling while I was, um . . . but I—“  Steve cut himself off and let out a frustrated little noise.  “It’s hard to put in words.”
Steve hastened to obey.  He scrambled onto the bed, then knelt, legs spread wide, head bowed.   Over his shoulder, Tony was doing something with the tray or box or whatever—Steve still hadn’t gotten a look at it and wasn’t sure he wanted to.  It was cold without Tony touching him.  He shivered a little.  What was Tony planning?
“Shut it down, J.”
“Mmmm-hmmm,” Steve murmured, nuzzling his cheek against the top of Tony’s head.
(Huh.) Steve realized he’d pictured Rhodey as looking almost exactly like Tony. (Only with a buzz cut. And no goatee. Weird.) He shook off the dissolving mental image.
“You think,” Rogers said, vehemently, “you think placing bets that exploit Mr. Stark’s orientation and sexuality is
“Are you decent!?” Clint called from the doorway of the locker room.
Also, there is now a flashback story about Steve's Presentation Day, told from Bucky's POV.  You can read it, here:  http://archiveofourown.org/works/4474262
Then Steve started moving faster, with purpose, winding Tony higher and higher until he was whimpering with every motion.
Tony shot at some more spider things, then dodged as one suddenly leapt into the air at him. (Fuck!)
“And he’s a great cook,” Tony added, sipping his champagne.
Then he pulled Tony to his feet by the ropes at his wrists, spun and pushed Tony onto the bed. With a speed and strength that left Tony rather breathless, Steve hauled him into position, tied his wrist leads to the headboard, then pulled him down the bed until he was fully stretched out, arms high above him. Steve had never manhandled him like that before.
“Pretty good,” Steve said.  “Though I’m looking forward to having you all to myself later.”
“Yeah. Better keep working,” he said with regret. “But I should still eat!”
“Oh. Okay.” Tony squinted. “So, dinner?”
“I know. Thank you, Tony,” she said.  “I appreciate it. Maybe someday, but . . .”
“Oh, man, don’t try it. She's still pissed about the last grand gesture. Seriously, Tony, a convertible? For
“For Christmas tree decorations?” Tony let out a scoffing little laugh. “Nope, not really my area. I’m sure whatever you pick out will be fine.”
“I made that gear,” Tony said indignantly. “It doesn’t need testing!”
if he wanted to, could fake and lie like nobody Steve had ever met.  Steve had fallen for his act before, fallen for it so easily when they first met.  (What if I’ve been falling for it again?)
“Here we go!” Tony said.  He glanced at Steve, who’d tensed up again, then added,  “You three first, but Natasha? Do me a favor and close the door after you get out?  We need a minute.”
“It’s a legal gray area.  Hence the lawyers.” Tony shrugged. “The real problem is that I’m already a PR disaster.  I don’t actually have to get whipped and fucked in a coatroom at a fundraiser for that story to show up in the press.”  Rogers had taken a sharp breath at the vulgarity and it was so predictable, Tony nearly grinned.  Instead he just made a dismissive gesture and added, “I can control my own actions; the press, not so much.”
“Yeah, yeah.”  Tony could practically hear Rhodey rolling his eyes again.  (Over the heavy ‘thud’ of his crutch and the lurch of his steps…)  “That’s right.  Mock the cripple wounded in action, protecting his country and your sorry ass.”
Tony rolled his eyes and let out a sigh. Rebecca gave him a little pinch on the arm. “Don’t give me that,” she scolded, then added more gently, “You deserve consideration and tenderness, Tony. Everyone needs care.” She took a little step closer and entreated, “Promise you’ll call me?”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve reassured, pressing a kiss to Tony’s knuckles, then pulled him close for a proper kiss. He wanted to crush Tony against him and tease him with tongue and teeth and wet heat, but he could be good. Tony had important work to do.
The modifications on Natasha’s Bite had been going well—just a little more work on the plans and he could start safely putting together the prototype.  Probably.
But they were on the Quinjet—hardly the time or the place.
and, although that was really no different from any other day in the past month, it felt wrong.
Steve pulled Tony’s long greatcoat from the hook and shook it out a little before holding it open and lowering it carefully to Tony’s height. Tony put his hands into the sleeves and Steve slid the coat up, then smoothed the fabric across Tony’s shoulders. Tony thought he might be near to blushing again. It was strangely intimate to let Steve help him into his coat. He’d had no idea—probably because he’d never let anyone do it before.
Tony tipped Steve’s chin up to look him in the eye.
His heart was pounding, which was ridiculous. Calm steady breaths.
He’d ask Tony about it right away!
Tony ran his hand down Steve’s side, across his ribs to his hip, then back up across his stomach and over his chest to his shoulders.  He shifted closer, settling half on top of Steve.  Steve reached up to caress Tony’s back, inwardly lamenting the sweater.  Tony rubbed his cheek against Steve’s, goatee scratching pleasurably at his skin.  Then Tony licked at his lips and Steve opened eagerly for him.  Tony’s tongue tasted like chocolate, his mouth like port—sweet and intoxicating.
Steve nodded, expression turning a little melancholy as he said, “Seems like there are some lessons we never quite learn.”
“Please.”
“What Steve’s trying to say,” Tony cut in deftly, “is that we’ve started dating. We’re letting you know as a courtesy; we’re not asking for your permission or your input. Nothing in our contracts prohibits relationships between teammates and we’re consenting adults. We’re forming our own PR strategy in consultation with Katherine Winters and Michael Nguyen. Again, we’re just informing you as a courtesy.”
“I’m not that late am I?” Tony asked, vaguely alarmed.
“Oh, but it really is,” Tony wheezed. “God I love that woman! She is
(Oh fuck!)  Just thinking about it was making his cock swell.  The studio seemed warm all of a sudden.  Steve took a long shuddering breath, then checked “love.”  He called up another note then deleted it.  (A check mark by ‘love’ would suffice.)
“Uh, maybe the—“ Steve swallowed again. “The Lotus?”
Pep could be truly terrifying when she wanted to be. He inquired no further.
“Not yet.” Steve took a sip of coffee.
“Of course, sir.”
“Yep! Now scoot off and change. I’m hungry!”
for . . .” He made a vague gesture between them.
Steve sighed and pulled away, taking his hand from Tony’s. He looked away and his voice was heavy as he said, “I’m sorry you had to see me like that.”
Steve moved on.
“Yeah. Course it is.”  He’s lying, but Tony won’t call him on it.  (Yet.)  “The suit took most of the damage.”
Tony frowned down at the training robot he’d been working on.
“Beautiful,” Steve said at last, breaking the lingering silence. “Someday, I’m going to draw you like this—I’ll fill page after page of your gorgeous lines, learn your every proportion and angle. The jut of your hip bones. The arch of your foot. The curve of your shoulders.”
—frowned at him very slightly.  “I was thinking more along the lines of ‘aerial support.’  I’ve seen a little of your firepower, but wanted to ask: can Iron Man carry a teammate?”
(Huh? Did--)
(Stupid.  You’re being stupid.  Steve would never give up on you that easily.)
“I doubt it will be a problem, sir, but might I suggest you place this project in the side shop all the same?”
Tony pressed down a little harder, but not with the tip, not opening him up just pressing against him.
“So, Prima Corp. What are you working on these days?”
Tony’s stomach gave a little flop.
He blinked rapidly a few times, then looked up at Tony with a smile. “Hey, I think this turkey’s almost ready!”
“Tony?”  Steve called.
“Amen,” Rhodey, Steve, and Natasha answered. (Okay, Rhodey and Steve made sense, but Tony was kinda surprised by Natasha.)
wanted Tony to teach him those things—he’d loved his lessons so far.
Clint looked surprised. “Thought you were a science dude.”
“Fine,” Clint gritted out. (Tony took a deep shuddering breath.) “Had to jump before they swarmed, but I missed the landing and I . . . I think my ankle’s broken. Shit!”
As everyone began drinking coffee and starting breakfast, Tony bade a fond farewell to enticing Steve back to bed. Tony accepted a bagel with cream cheese and tried not to pout as conversation turned to their training program for the day.
“Going down to the workshop?” Steve asked.
Steve was looking down at the table with this sick, miserable expression on his face.  (Wrong move. Shit, shit.)
“Likewise,” Tony muttered.  He shook his head as if that would clear his mind and squinted at the data sets floating luminously in the air.
Tony focused on the data, tuning out the arrival of their SHIELD reinforcements, and all the chatter around them.
As the servers cleared away the remnants of their desert and digestif course, Tony noticed Steve was getting a little . . . antsy?  He kept glancing around and seemed unusually distracted, looking back into the ballroom.
party’s canceled.”
Tony just nodded—his throat felt tight.  They sat quietly and sipped their drinks, enjoying the sunshine and the magnificent view.
Tony smiled.  “Yeah.  This is nice.”
Tony laughed. "Where are you going?" he asked.
“Yeah? I’d like that,” Steve said, smiling.
“I didn’t . . . hurt you?”
Steve clenched his coffee cup in both hands.  He couldn’t quite make himself turn around.
“Of course,” Pepper said softly and gave him another kiss. “I’ll see you soon.”
As he came back into the main hold, Steve misjudged the distance a little and they ended up nearly chest-to-chest. Tony swallowed and tightened his grasp on Steve’s waist before Steve could step back.
(Fair point.) Tony just shrugged and Steve snorted. (Hey! At least I got
“I don’t think these creatures are hostile and I don’t think this one wants to be down here. Is there any chance that portal opened up accidentally?”
“They do, don’t they?” Tony agreed. They stood smiling at each other for a moment. Tony blinked, then turned and called, “Okay, Avengers! Come and get it!”
“Yeah, well, you’ll just have to wait.  Besides, we’re almost there!” Tony answered brightly.  “You’ll see in a minute, babe.”  (Worried?  It looks kinda like worried.)  “But don’t worry-- nothing too swanky.  Promise. They don’t even have valet!”  Tony smiled then shrugged.  “You like trying new things and I like getting my hands dirty, so it should be good, baby.”
a superpower?)
(Was this what he talked about in therapy?) Tony’s heart twisted sharply. (Somehow, he’d imagined Steve talking about culture shock in the modern world. PTSD from the crash. Not that sick guilt, the self-loathing, the thought that the blood on your hands would never come off, the clinging stench of death, it would always be there, and that even if--)
“So gorgeous like this.  Oh fuck!  Steve!”
“Seriously? ‘Corresponding?’” Tony laughed. “You from the ‘40s now too? No, whatever—just tell me everything! Come on, Rhodey baby, spill!”
“—totally unacceptable. I
“Good boy.”
“Shhhh….” Steve murmured.  “It was perfect.”  He took Tony’s hand and squeezed it.  “Do you hear me?  It was perfect.”
Steve took a sip of water and continued his research.  Or more accurately, his homework.
Steve was plowing through a giant omelet at the counter. At Tony’s approach, he looked up with a sheepish smile and mumbled around a mouthful, “Sorry--woke up hungry.”
He couldn’t stand it. He wanted to jump in the suit and disappear.
“Sir, it is now ten after.”
. Tony stared at her for a few long moments then let out an exasperated noise.
“Yes! I—yes. I’d like to. Really.” Harry swallowed. “It sounds like a wonderful opportunity.”
“Hardly,” Tony drawled, then realized he didn’t have a single follow up quip. Luckily, Steve cut in.
“So start at the beginning!”
Natasha nodded, then in a swift and fluid motion, pulled something out of a concealed pocket or holster or something—she’d moved too fast for him to track it, but he hadn’t flinched when she moved. (Huh. I guess that’s trust.)
“Yes, we do,” he said. “It’s fine. Better to tell them on our own terms, but—“ (--the thought of being called your good little bitch, finally brought to heel is kind of a buzz kill.) “—that’s a problem for Cap and Iron Man so—“
The thread broke.
“Just, sometimes it makes me feel like a . . .” He waved a hand vaguely.
With that, Steve placed a chaste—almost furtive kiss—on Tony’s lips, stood abruptly, and strode from Tony’s bedroom. Tony thought he heard Steve’s footsteps pause halfway down the hall, but Steve didn’t return. A few moments later, the elevator doors opened and closed.
(Oh man!  Fuck!  Maybe if he just recalibrated the reactor?  . . . hm. . . . yes!)
“Whatever.” There was a pause, then Rhodey laughed and said teasingly, “Wait,
Tony shrugged and kissed his stuffed cheek.
“Were we supposed to do something now?” Tony asked uncertainly.
“What kind of a bullshit question is that!? What do
2) They still couldn’t agree about pizza toppings.
“Just coffee,” Steve said. “Got it.”
After about a half an hour, he decided to add the feathers.
Tony glared at Fury; Hill glared at Tony.
(And I want you on your knees, looking up at me again, oh god with *that* look, but no maybe not?  We need to talk and you need to feel free to say what you need to . . . so, on the couch?  As clear equals?)
(Focus.)
“Yeah.”
Steve let go immediately, disappointed and thrilled all at once.
Tony sauntered closer and purred,
Tony took Bruce’s Castle.
“AC/DC, JARVIS! And pump it. Time to finish these bots!”
want to ride with Pepper—hold her hand in the limo, let her pet his hair and fuss over him—but it was probably important for him to arrive with The Avengers.
“Seriously? That’s your question?”
1) They could still bicker without fighting:
“And it’s not red or gold.”
Tony caught his balance and righted himself.  “It’s okay,” Tony said.  “It’s fine.”
“Steve, I had a wonderful time.  I—”
, please, no.)  Steve’s eyes were bloodshot and his face was red, but not with blushing.  (What have I done?  Well, fucked up somehow, obviously.)
Steve smiled.  Just twelve days ago Steve had told Tony
“Oh, right,” Rogers said a little abashed. “They did.  But, I presented real late so when September came around and I still hadn’t shown they guessed based on my build.”  He hesitated.  “I really liked the cooking lessons though.  My classmates there were real sweethearts and cooking seemed like a useful skill for me, so I petitioned to stay until the end of the year.”  Cap made a grimace.  “I wasn’t exactly built for heavy labor back . . . before.”
“Is everything okay?”
“It didn’t,” she insisted.  “You were a
Steve took a deep breath.
“When I try to hurry things up,” Tony murmured into Steve’s ear, “you give me a little shake and say, ‘Shhh, sweetheart. Don’t rush me. I’m in charge,’ and I let you set the pace even though it’s torture. And when you finally, finally take me to bed and open me up, I’m desperate for you and it’s this slow burn as you fuck me open and take me down deep and hard and . . . and . . .”
Clint emerged toweling off his hair.
There was a long silence.
Up in the kitchen, Steve was putting the final touches on a tray: sushi nicely arranged on a plate, bowls of rice and miso soup off to the side, with a beer and even a little pot of tea.
Harlem.”
My thanks to Simurgh and Leila for their help and inspiration re: Persian cuisine!  Shout outs also to: thatwhichyields (beta extraordinaire!); thigmotaxis (editing awesomeness!); and noman (who already knows why...!).  All remaining mistakes are my own.  And thanks to everyone for their kind and insightful comments on this story.  They mean the world to me.
Tony went lax; he nearly wept with gratitude and relief as Steve drew back and fumbled for the lube.
Steve shrugged. “Always have had a temper,” he acknowledged ruefully. “Just used to be better at picking my targets.”
“You got settled in the guest suite okay, right?” Tony asked. “Sorry! I should have showed you instead of JARVIS. Does it have everything you need? I can—“
Tony moved faster, little thrusts in a steady rhythm.  “Good boy, yeah, take it . . .”
Steve laughed.
“Your date with Captain Rogers is in one and a half hours.”
(And “I shouldn’t” was a far cry from “I don’t want to.”)
“Lunch?  Tomorrow?”  Tony cringed a bit inwardly.  (That’s really
Tony considered it for a moment.
Coffee. He needed coffee. Pepper better not have moved his workshop stash.
“Ah!” Tony cried, flinching away from him.
“Talk to you later, Tones. And, uh, thanks. For the head’s up. For being there for him.”
“Wait! Jarvis, never mind! Abort, abort!”
Tony snorted. “Yeah, fine for
*********************************************
doesn’t feel weird…) Steve took another sip of water and brought the dildo back to his mouth, determined. He closed his eyes.
Clint dropped his gaze to the newspaper again with a frown and forced another bite of frittata down his throat.
“Soon,” Tony promised.  Steve nodded then let out a little whimper as Tony touched
“What have we got, Cap?” Natasha asked as they boarded the quinjet.
“Wasn’t gonna,” Tony said. “No interest in going through one of those ever again if I can help it.”
Clint ordered a pitcher of beer and Rosie departed with a nod. (It was nice to have someone who wasn’t overly excited to see the Avengers.) They poured over the menus.
Natasha was curled up in a thickly padded chair in the far corner, the one with the clearest view of the door and window. She was wearing a large blue sweatshirt and soft grey yoga pants. There was a book open in her lap, but she was watching the door. Her left wrist was in a cast.
“Good thinking. I’ll talk to SHIELD medical and get some procedures we can adapt.” Steve turned to Tony. “Can you and JARVIS do a diagnostic scan on the field?”
“Nope!” Tony cried.  “Done.  Done! Until you declare me your one and only, there will be no more gadgets.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony’s first thought on waking was an excited and very sexy series of numbers that didn’t really make sense in the absence of the dream they’d been a part of.  Tony’s next thought was, “It’s really warm.”  Then, “Of course it is.  Because Steve.”  (Wait.  Wait!)  Tony fumbled uncertainly towards consciousness . . .
“Yeah,” Steve answered softly, “he was surprised.”
“Dude, I’m not gonna offer him one!”
And maybe it was silly to feel such a thrill at that, at being allowed to do this small thing for his lover, but as Steve worked the soap to a rich lather on his hands and ran them across Tony's shoulders, he felt an aching warmth in the pit of his stomach, radiating out with satisfaction.
“We’re working on it, Captain,” Fury said.
Tony pulled up his files, bookmarks, and browser history.
“Here to sketch Metal Still Life VII, Cap?”
They sat in silence.
Tony grinned. They were (mostly) distracting him from the churning in his stomach. (SHIELD food—it gave you indigestion
“Mmm-hmm,” Rogers hummed.  “Didn’t think they were.”
Tony held the door open for Rhodey silently, then they made their way over to the couch.  Rhodey laid his crutch aside and lowed himself down very carefully onto the cushions, then eased his right leg up onto the coffee table. The late afternoon light flooded the glass-paneled section of the terrace.  (Not a traditional sunroom, but whatever—it has a great view of Iron Man’s landing strip.)
(Finally.)
Nat set the ball down on the ground while the other two Doms went into the ranch.
A stately pleasure-dome decree . . .)
Tony sat and stared: equations and diagrams, rigorously ordered, direct.  They still weren’t quite right.  He wanted to do something with his hands, but he really should wait just a little longer since he’d had . . . how many glasses of wine?   Dummy wheeled over to nudge his leg.  Tony sighed and settled for petting his bot, scanning his work for errors.
“You didn’t do anything to take advantage,” Tony said. “And then you tapped out of training me anyway, right? It’s fine.”
“No!” Pepper shouted him down. “You’re refusing your pain killers and resisting sleep to stay glued to this thing and watch as the death count’s adjusted. You’re not allowed to punish yourself for things that: Were. Not. Your. Fault!”
Steve pulled back and added, “Don’t see how Artist or Lawyer or Social Worker Steve would have ever met gorgeous billionaire genius philanthropist Tony Stark, but it means a lot to know you think they’d have gotten on anyway.”
Tony pulled off his gauntlet and held out his hand, humming tunelessly.
“Oh, what, you think that’s your job now?” Clint barely managed not to sneer.  (Barely.  With exceptional force of will.)
“What!?” Clint cried.  “Tony, you’re killing me.  Is Cap rubbing off on you?”  Clint asked, then added, deadpan, “And by rubbing off, I mean—”  Clint cut himself off with a sharp breath. Tony grinned inwardly when he saw Clint surreptitiously reach down to rub his shin.  (And thank you, Natasha.)  “Since when do you want to watch old stuff?”
, that Steve felt hysterical laughter bubbling up inside him.  Tony had so clearly expected him to lie and now had no idea what to say.
(Wait. Wait, where was--?)
“You don’t *actually* want to hear all about that, surely? All the bla-bla-bla, how it all went to shit, the ins and outs, and all that.  You cannot possibly be interested.”
So, the Chinese is the phrase Tony Y taught him back in chapter 27 and means "Iron Man rocks."  (Also the chapter where Tony Y said his girlfriend would be SO jealous he met Captain America.... :-)
Tony didn't elaborate and Pepper didn't press him.  She knew in moments like these Tony'd be more open than usual, but he didn't like to talk.  When he was . . .
“Mr. Stark?” Captain America’s voice rang through the workshop.  (Seriously? Again?) After a few moments, Rogers added, “Dr. Banner?”
They were quiet in the cab. Tony worried it was awkward, but he didn’t know what to say. Steve looked like he might say something a few times, but instead he just smiled
? Something totally different?”
“Those were tricorder noises, weren’t they?” Steve asked as Tony led him to the edge of the ballroom.
(Extra fuck.)
Steve paced back and forth faster and faster, his thoughts a chaotic, miserable jumble, circling  around and around, back and forth; he poked and picked at the painful idea like a scab-- until finally it bled.
Bruce froze. “You really shouldn’t,” he warned. “I’m dangerous.”
So, his father told him about Captain America.  Physical size wasn’t a perfect predictor—even when Steve Rogers was a ninety-pound asthmatic, Howard would say, he’d been
“Steve, it’s okay.  Hey, hey, come on.”  Tony ducked down into Steve’s line of sight, smiling.  “Sorry.  My bad, okay?”  (Come on—words, stupid.)  “And, Steve?  I don’t need you to be like me or like Bruce.”  He squeezed Steve’s hand again.  “I just need you to be
Rogers wrinkled his nose.  “Me? Nah. Thought we’d established I’m a pancakes and bacon kinda guy.”
(Yes, yes, fuck, Steve, ah!)
“War Machine in there?” Tony asked, gesturing to the huge crate she had maneuvered into the freight elevator with a sizable handcart.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Tony said stiffly.
“Glad to hear it. Are you almost to a stopping place? I thought maybe we could watch an episode of Star Trek before bed.”
“Sure,” Tony said, “No problem.”
I'M BAAAAAAACK!!!
“Fine,” Steve gritted out. “It’s a date. So, are you coming?”
Rogers allowed himself to be dragged into the elevator, murmuring a rather subdued, “All right, Mr. Stark.”
“Oh, right,” Clint hesitated. “Well, it was pretty funny. See—“
Miss Rushman continued. “He can be harsh, but he is not by nature cruel. He’s brilliant, arrogant, and impatient.”
When Tony came it was with more of a sigh than a gasp and he seemed to melt down into Steve’s body.  Steve held him tight and turned his head to kiss Tony’s forehead.  He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and caressed the back of his neck.
“Of course, Captain,” Tony said, giving a little salute. “Wouldn’t want to be late.”
“Of course!” Tony said.  “Jacob Rabinowitz, this is Steve Rogers.  Steve, this is Jacob. He works for PharmaGo, but his real passion is sailing.”
This story is almost done! One more chapter. Maybe two. Done soon though! Yay! :-)  And man, I can't thank you guys enough for sticking with me. I hope you like this chapter! *looks nervous*
“Thirty minutes?”
This chapter was extremely hard for me to write and contains some triggery stuff.  It probably won’t surprise you, having read the previous chapters, but here it is:
“You didn’t read it.”
“Sir?” JARVIS called. “A Mr. James is here with a delivery.”
(Oh fuck.)
“Waiting in your kitchenette, Sir.”
(Harris! That was his name.)
Steve couldn’t find words to answer, just strained forward for another kiss or
Jacuzzis here,” Clint said, joining them at the kitchen table and leaning back in his chair.
WARNINGS:  racism, including new modes of historical racism unique to this AU
Fury continued:  "But we also need someone who can . . . observe . . . the Stark Court.  Discreetly.  And keep us informed."
Bruce’s voice was so gentle. “You’ll like her—she’s twice as smart as I am, really.”
Rhodey had seven neat little stitches—one, two, three, four, five, six, seven—at his right temple and he had a black eye.  Some of the blood vessels in his eye must have burst on impact; it make it look like his eye was bleeding, even though it wasn’t.  His bottom lip was split, swollen and puffy.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Hope you like it!
Steve groped helplessly, looking for the right words to express his horror and revulsion, the deep seated sense of
There was no answer, so he tried again, a little louder:  “Steve?  Would you like me to get you some water?”
“Good boy,” Steve thrust in hard. “Letting me have you, just the way I want . . . So fucking pretty . . .”
“Did you just take our picture?” Tony asked. The man nodded, still taken aback, and Tony rushed on, “Yeah, okay, how much do you want to delete it? Name your price.”
Tony tossed Dummy’s tennis ball for him again and went over to the bathroom to wash up.
Another deep breath.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Ha ha.  No, I just like this couch.  And I like reading.”
“Tony,” Steve said, with mild rebuke, “I was the
“It must be so hard for you,” she said, voice dripping sympathy. “On a team with all those Doms. And having them in your home too!”
but hates casting the deciding vote on movie night.  So there.)
Tony shuddered. Pepper took a sip of water, then added with another smile, “He was here earlier. He sat with you while I freshened up—he’ll be grumpy that he missed you.” She pushed her hair back out of her face and continued. “Rhodey took you to the quinjet and Dr. Banner was able to stabilize you until they could manage a medevac. The portal was shut, but there were still a lot of the aliens on the ground and they changed their tactics when the portal closed. They jumped the perimeter and scattered. Many of them hid. They’re still looking for the last of them.”
(But not really—JARVIS will warn us, we wouldn’t get caught . . . it’s okay . . .)
, he couldn’t say. His mouth was dry and his heart was in his throat; Tony nodded.
Tony laughed. “Point,” he conceded, pulling up the specs on a blue screen.
I thought about you while you were gone. That’s why I wrote to you. But you didn’t read my letters. It’s ok. They weren’t very good anyway.
“In anticipation of the Avenger’s first confrontation with the Hulk, we have earmarked the following equipment and personnel.”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded.  “Guess so.”
,” Tony said.  “I’ve just been waiting for you to be cleared for active duty to smack you around again.  Wouldn’t have wanted to start an unfair fight.”
Tony couldn’t risk a repulsor shot or a missile—not with Rogers in its grasp like that—so he rushed it from behind. He dug the gauntlets into its eyes and squeezed its head with the armor’s full strength. It chittered and struggled, loosening its grasp on the Captain just enough for him to spring free. Rogers leapt into the air and used the force of his fall to drive his shield into the creature’s abdomen. The exoskeleton cracked and the creature convulsed once more.
“You do? Oh good!” Steve looked so goddamn
( The gold set against grain famine was important; they couldn't really afford to lose it.)
Then his face lit up and he exclaimed, “So come join us!”
Tony practiced sending stun beams for a few rounds.  It was a little awkward, but hopefully he’d only have passengers briefly anyway.  He picked up the pace a little and had JARVIS summon a few more projector villains to shoot at.
“Perfect.  I’ll see you there.”
(“Your hard-on is an affront to my talents as a submissive.”)
“Yuck it up, fuzz face,” Tony said. “It’s working, isn’t it? Who cares if the aesthetics of partial armor are a bit . . . off.”
“I mean it: let go,” Tony said firmly. Belford angled his body closer. (Ew. Yeah. Belford was already sporting a semi and that thought had become deeply unappealing in the past two minutes.)
It was three in the morning.
“There is a glass of water and two ibuprofen on your nightstand.”
Steve took another deep calming breath and continued to read.
“Please, Tony,” Steve whispered and kissed him gently on the cheek. “Let me take you to dinner.”
Chapter dedicated to : thatwhichyields, my beloved beta, and actionfan & Nonymos for their epic commenting.  <3
Pepper didn’t sound mocking, not really, but something about it seemed
“Okay! Here ya go—Cucina Paradiso!”
“Christmas cookies,” he said with a little smile. “I know Steve said Chinese was fine tonight, but I thought he would appreciate having something a little more traditional.”
“Dr. Banner, I’m sorry to start this conversation under these circumstances.  I trust by now you’ve read the briefing package I gave you on the Avengers.”
Tom was neither surprised nor sorry to see Jerry roll on Agent Dominick like a snowball down a mountain. Tom had disliked Agent Dominick since the moment they met and he’d said, “Hey, kid, anybody ever tell you that you look
Bruce grimaced. “The magical power of trust and friendship and love?” Bruce glared. “Forgive me if I’d like to have a backup plan!”
Steve nodded.
“Have you noticed that the Captain almost always brings us coffee when I’m out?” Bruce asked abruptly.
“Are we ok?” Steve asked, brow furrowed.
Tony walked over to the beautiful cardboard boxes of joy, his stomach rumbling. Rogers followed.
“They can play possum,” Cap announced over the comm. “Repeat—they’re smart enough to play dead. Be careful.”
“Yeah, just,” Rhodey hesitated, “I dunno . . . I thought this might be different.”
Tony nearly spewed wine across the table, but managed to choke on it instead.
“Sir, you instructed me to be insistent.”
“Hey, Bruce?” Tony said, softly.
“MMMMMMM.”
“It’s actually sort of sweet that you’re bad at chess,” Bruce said with a mischievous look.
“The stock is still in a slump, but once they hit market it should get a major bump. The pre-orders alone have . . . ”
Rhodey was right. He didn’t totally suck at making friends. He had this shit under control.
Steve eased Tony upright again and brought his wrists forward. Steve bent to kiss his left palm, then his right palm. Steve rubbed his cheek against Tony’s hand as he swore, “I’m gonna take such good care of you.”
“Had him on the ropes,” Rogers muttered to himself under his breath with a sad smile, then looked up at Tony. “Getting help wasn’t my favorite thing,” Cap admitted, “but it sure beat having my brains bashed in.”
“Right. Those spider things were strong.”
“You mean
Behind him, Steve's sensitive hearing picked out the sound of Tony muttering something very quietly, then Rhodes' louder reply:
Tony stood there a few seconds, not wanting to walk in, but people were staring at them so finally Tony caved.  He stomped into the conference room and Rogers shut door behind them. The room was empty.  They were the first to arrive, but it wouldn’t have mattered if he’d had an audience at this point.  Tony was fed up.
Steve was practically spitting.
“That sounds like subspace, sweetheart.”  (Sweetheart!)  Steve wanted to purr.  (Yeah, I really like that. . . )  “Lots of people who—” Tony paused, considering, “who like what you like have that kind of feeling.”
“Wait,” Tony said abruptly, “Back up.  Do you mean to say that you were watching him.  Did you write a profile on him? Because that’s–”
(Thanks for the champagne from Katie; update on the Foundation renovations from Isaac; ‘congrats; sweet press conference’ from Rhodey; etc.)
“Come here,” Tony said, holding his arms open.  Steve climbed to his feet and stepped into Tony’s embrace, accepting Tony’s warm kisses with pleasure.  Tony tasted sweet, something rich and heady on his tongue.  Steve pressed closer.  Tony’s kisses turned rough and demanding, and his fingers dug hard into Steve’s neck and ass.  Tony pulled and Steve felt his cheeks parting under his clothes.  He gasped into Tony’s mouth, hands fisting helplessly in Tony’s sweater, wanting more, harder, deeper.
“Hey, it's okay,” Steve murmured. “Rhodey won't be flying War Machine for weeks. You have time. Rest, come back fresh. It'll be better. But--” Tony could practically feel Steve hesitating, like his reluctance was a physical force, heavy and bludgeoning, a powerful contrast to Steve's soft fingers lightly caressing his hair. “There are some things engineering genius can't solve. Injuries happen. It's not your fault. You know that, right? And no amount of genius can keep a man in combat 100% safe. It just-- it can't be done, no matter how brilliant you are.”
“Yep!” Tony grinned back. “Here! Spin again!”
They’d eaten dinner together quietly. Tony suspected there might still have been left over pizza, but he wasn’t going to complain about the heaping bowl of (much healthier) pasta with chicken and vegetables in a light lemon pepper sauce Steve brought. (Steve had probably been talking to Bruce about Tony’s vegetable consumption. Or Clint had eaten all the pizza. Again. Whatever.)
“Oh bullshit!  This isn’t about the spectrometer and you can’t distract me, but hey, I’ll run with it for a moment,” Tony said.  “First, I bought all the materials; second, Bruce and I designed it.   It sure as shit isn’t yours.  Also, if you try to steal it? Refuse to hand it over or try to use it for something I disapprove of?  I built a fail-safe.  I can make the whole thing implode in a controlled detonation-- any time, any place.”
Steve was unwrapping more of the ornaments in the box and handing them out. He gave Bruce a wooden sleigh to hang. Tony paused.
“You shouldn’t be drinking out here at all!  What if Tony--”
Natasha released his hand, nodding. “Sleep well, Tony.”
Tony smiled and said jokingly, “Nobody’s perfect.”
“What did you say?” Tony asked, truly curious.
(Oh!)
Did Steve disapprove of pre-marital sex? Was it
“They’d better not be messing with it!”
Steve nodded eagerly and leaned forward. "That's all I want, sir."
Pepper raised one perfectly sculpted eyebrow.
“Would you kneel for me again please, Tony?”
Tony groaned. “She’s killing me.”
“Are you pouting?” Tony asked. “It sounds like you’re pouting.”
“JARVIS?” Tony called softly. “Would you keep playing that last episode on loop, volume on low until he wakes up?”
“You didn’t inject me again, did you?” Tony asked, with no real suspicion.
(“This is going to haunt you for the rest of your career!  Did you even think of that?  Tony, Tony my boy, I only want what’s best for you . . .”)
Rogers
Well, ok. Not
Steve nodded, letting out a long shuddering breath. He leaned back against a column. “Yeah. It’s fine.”
“All right then.”
“Then lead on.”
“I didn’t even know you could
The words rang in his head over and over.  (But Steve couldn’t mean . . . could he?)
“Oh. Uh, no.  Can’t,” Tony said, refusing to blush at being caught out. “Steve’s taking me out for dinner.”
When Tony Stark had asked him to move into Stark Tower, Steve hadn’t realized how hopeful it made him feel.  He’d had no idea how badly he’d hoped, almost expected, that moving in would suddenly mean belonging, mean home, mean something like the Howling Commandos again.. . .  not until the reality fell so painfully short.
a lie . . .) He gave a little shiver and worked his way under Steve’s arm.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(Shit.  Gonna need more copper wire soon.) Tony grabbed the smallest screwdriver in the kit.
(Say it!  Go on . . . Is it okay to have him move?  Yeah, he’d probably like it.  Okay.  Here we go.)
“Thanks,” Steve smiled, then added, “About this morning—I’m sorry I didn’t tell you then, I just—“
“Maryam Mirzakhani,” Harry said decisively. Tony made a skeptical face. (No sub had ever won the Field Medal.)
Off to the side, Tony could hear the team shuffling around, getting plates and opening beer bottles. Tony tuned them out.
(Mom loved Christmas. She sang
. Like I said, we can start with ‘Lost Flight,’ since you slept through part of it.”
columns, by
“I’ve messed up before,” Steve reminded him.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Damn, Natasha,” Clint said, with a whistle. “You have some
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat.
Steve looked a little hurt as he said, “Of course I’m interested, Tony.  It’s part of your life.”
,” he mumbled.  Pepper laughed.
“Please come back,” Bruce said softly. “It’s not the same without you.”
“You’re perfect,” Steve murmured.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. (Fuck. It was easy to forget how young
“Looking forward to Big Green!” Tony called again. Bruce didn’t answer. (Typical.)
“Yes, I realize that,” Rogers said.  “But I’d still like to look at it and speak to Fury on the subject.  If you’ll allow me, Mr. Stark.”
“No! No, don’t!” Bruce swallowed. “And don’t—don’t record a message. If you have to say something, say I am unavailable or unreachable. And block any future calls from . . . from Dr. Ross.”
Pepper grinned back. “A liberationist coup?” she suggested.
Steve hesitated. “It was nice seeing you and Rhodey together last night. And Pepper. Having fun.”
Tony shook his head laughed, at least partly with sincere amusement. “At least he saved me from some hideous cotillion. I’d have hated it. So, there’s that.”
“There,” Tony said. He couldn’t quite seem to break eye contact.
As Steve settled, still grumbling about eating a ‘proper meal’ on the couch, Tony stared at the luxurious rug and the enticing spot at Steve’s feet.
Tony took the elevator. (What? It’s five floors!) He gave his armpits a little sniff on the way up and changed course from common area to penthouse—he’d better grab a quick shower too. And clean clothes.
Trying to mimic the natural rustlings of someone asleep, Tony rolled slightly further on top of Steve and worked his right arm closer and closer to the coffee table. Whenever Steve stirred or murmured in his sleep, Tony went still. Inch by inch Tony was getting nearer his goal.
In 2014, Maryan Mirzakhani became the first woman ever to win the Fields Medal, often called the Nobel Prize of mathematics (since there isn’t actually a Nobel for mathematics, surprisingly enough).  She is awesome and you can read about her here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maryam_Mirzakhani
“Hey, Tony?”  Steve eventually asked in a quiet voice. “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”  Tony didn’t bother frosting a glass, but took a moment to fix himself a scotch with a few drops of water, just a small one.  (See?  I can totally do moderation!  War Machine needs repairs.  And upgrades.  Safety upgrades.  And failsafes.  And--)
“What’ll it be?” the barkeep asked Steve.
“Bruce, wait!” Tony called, starting to step out of the armor.
Tony nudged him with his knee.  “What?”  He waved at Steve’s smiling face.  “Earth to Steve!”
“Mr. Stark!” he exclaimed, going still.
(Make of it what you will, asshole.)
“Holding outer perimeter,” Widow answered. “Using tree cover to take them by surprise.”
Let's try this again!  Hopefully fixed the formatting....
Tony looked up.
It was officially a very good night.
“Does that feel good?” Tony asked.  Steve felt too lost to answer.  He panted wetly, his flushed face still tucked against one of his bound arms.  Steve tried to stay still, but couldn’t stop himself from rocking a little on Tony’s fingers, pressing back to meet him as he moved inside.  Tony grabbed his hip with one hand and held him in place, hard.  (pinned down, pried open . . .)
“Sweet! I wanna put the star on the top. I called it! I’m putting the star on the top!”
“Oh.” Clint said. “Oh, okay. Maybe not.” He paused and took a sip of his poinsettia, then suggested hopefully, “
“Thanks, J,” Tony croaked when he finally found his voice. Deep breath. He rolled out of bed and headed for the shower.
“Chad, dear,” Tony said. “Mwah.”
“Salad as well, sir?”
Steve headed abruptly for the elevator.
"No!" Steve cried, voice loud and frantic. Tony's mouth twisted.
Tony felt a sudden rush of . . .
“Stark!” Fury growled.  “That's enough!”  He turned to Rogers.  “Stark is here as a consultant, not a full member of the initiative, but--”
“Not up to me,” Rogers said with an apologetic smile. “Bruce, Ms. Potts, and a legion of doctors are in charge of that. You can take it up with them.”
It was almost funny.
“Hey, Tony?  Do you know if--  Oh!”  Steve was standing in the doorway that connected to the house, frozen with surprise.
“Tell me what you want, sweetheart.”
(Wait, what?)
“The donors want to see us all, Cap. It’s why they paid the big bucks.”
“Let me do this for you, sweetheart,” Steve murmured into Tony's ear. “Please?”
“And,” Tony said, still smiling, “I’m looking forward to meeting Big Green.”
“Yeah?” Clint looked pleased. “Sweet.”
Katie looked relieved and perhaps a little grateful. She pushed her hair back and continued: “Now, as I was saying, we’ll wait on interviews, but a few photographs of you in the hospital might be wise to . . .”
“Don’t worry about them,” Tony said. “Just focus on me.”
The doors opened on Steve, still wearing his winter coat.
“You squashed a spider!” Clint told Cap with a grin. Clint turned to Tony to add, “JARVIS better not have a hand in this. I think his freaky Tolkien themed training module may have cursed us. I mean, seriously? Giant spiders? Ew.” He shook his head, then shrugged. “Well, that could have been worse. Not that bad really.”
“You’re so gorgeous, like this.  So
“Oh,” he said with a little frown. “That’s a good point. I probably don’t get back in time to cook a goose anyway.”
“Of course, sir.”
“Oh?  Is it an improvement?”
“Who do you think told me?”
“Yeah,” Tony said.  “JARVIS? Could you get the hypos up for us please?”
Steve sighed and, after a few moments, nodded.
Bruce looked uncertain; Tony nodded emphatically and bumped his shoulder back against his friend’s.
“I didn’t realize it was still a sore spot, ok?” Rhodey hesitated. “And, you know I didn’t really mind much anyway. I thought it was kinda sweet.”
“I’ll be right back,” Bruce said. “And I’ll grab some hummus and veggies. Would you look over my work on number 27?”
“Humor me.”
“It looks like the spectrometer will be done soon,” Rogers said.
“Shut up, Tones.”
With that, Bruce settled in with the NASA data.
“Fine,” Tony said, pretending to go back to his phone.  “Thanks for the message.”
“Well,” Tony said, a little breathless. “We’re almost home.”
“If you pass six months probation with the Avengers in Stark Tower, you get a place on the team.”
Bruce picked up a slice of pizza and looked at the ceiling. “JARVIS? If you would?”
“What’s with all this, gimpy?” Tony asked, aiming for casual.
Mrs. Rhodes reached up to touch Tony’s cheek through the faceplate and said seriously, “You look after James out there, you hear?”
“Oh, okay.” Steve sounded a little disappointed, then added, “I hope it turns out all right. Mrs. Rhodes has been giving me pointers, but I’ve never roasted anything near so big before. Hope you won’t be sorry you let me cook.”
“Tony, I brought you some lunch.”
“It is currently seventy-eight degrees Fahrenheit in your workshop, sir.”
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
Stark to do anything, Captain,” Fury said to Rogers.  “I’m about to make him a proposal which he is then free to accept or reject.”
Steve showed no signs of elaborating, just folded Tony gently in his arms.
! I’m not--“
“My client values his privacy,” she continued. “He is exceptionally wealthy and well-regarded and can compensate you very handsomely for your services.”
“Hey, Jim? Could you let me see that for a second?”
“Yep, that’s me,” Tony said without looking up, his voice dripping with sarcasm.  “
Steve gasped and looked at him wild-eyed; Tony tried not to seem smug. (After all, if he hadn’t come so recently, the dirty talk and begging would have gotten him just as desperate.)  He gave Steve a firm squeeze, then whispered, “I want to take your big beautiful cock down my throat. I may not be able to at first—you’re so big—but I’d like to. Like you to choke me with it, really fuck my throat, make me feel it.”
“Why do you ask? Everything’s fine! Great. Sorry I never answered.” Tony’s hand tightened on the bottle. “I’m just gonna go—uh, check on him.”
It was cold and silent.  The bots were in New York.
“I love you too.”
Tony shivered as a jolt of arousal shot through his body at Steve’s words and his touch.
“You're working too hard,” Tony said.  She rolled her eyes.
She was wearing one of her usual, sharp military-inspired suits and high heels; Tony wasn’t used to seeing her expression so vulnerable while she was wearing her armor.
“You were great back there!” Tony told Bruce exuberantly, patting him on the back.
“Wrong?” Tony said. “Why does something have to be wrong? Can’t a man visit?”
Clint laughed.  “Home Ec?!”
“That’s right,” Steve said approvingly. He gave Tony an intense look, eyes dark and hooded as he added, voice going rough, “And
(Shit.)
“My pleasure,” Steve said with a shrug, eyes still fixed on the horizon. A few late (likely illegal) fireworks went off, blossoming into brilliant reds and whites. Tony studied Steve’s face in the glass reflection, but couldn’t read it: sad, pensive, tired, he didn’t know, but he need to--
“Hey, man! You ready to head out?” Tony jumped when Clint tapped him on the shoulder. “Cause the others are all pooped out on all this swanky shit. You coming home with us or what?”
Tony munched on his pancakes, listening with barely half an ear as the talk turned to the joys of training simulations with JARVIS.
Tony smiled as he considered it.
Tony hesitated, but only for a moment.
“Hear, hear!” Pepper and Rhodey answered, clinking their glasses together.
Steve glanced at the clock.  Then blinked.  Then stared.  (I’m not late?)
Tony’s stomach dropped; he knew too late he’d said exactly the wrong thing.
(Sweet?)
“Yeah,” Tony said, giving her a rueful smile and rubbing the back of his neck.  He took a sip of wine.  (Bleh.  Too sweet for a sauvignon blanc.)  He took another sip.  (Oh, hm. Better.)  He took a breath.
“Hi, Pepper,” Steve said with a smile that looked perfectly genuine. “Glad you could join us. Did you have a nice trip over?”
“Green!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(Damn it, Clint!)
“Yeah,” Tony said, a little muzzily, rolling over. “Didn’t think so.”
They sat in silence.
“Sure, sure,” Tony said, waving him off.
“Yeah, no worries,” Tony said, clutching his tablet as if it held all the answers.
Unwrapping Cap’s hands was a small gesture, but it felt good.
“Yeah, well, neither of you are supposed to get hurt!  How bad is it?  Did they at least manage to shoot off some of those ridiculous guns?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Shit!”  (Haha. “Shit”)  “Tony, sorry.  You okay?”
Tony’d almost run after him. Almost. But instead he’d just stood there, frozen, for who knows how long while Rogers’ words echoed in his head. (“
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
marks on him (or several somebodies’). It was becoming a depressingly rare pleasure to have those little reminders scattering his skin. And an even rarer pleasure to feel so unambiguously happy by them.
“Roger that,” various voices chimed back. He was linked to the SHIELD agents too now, apparently.
“Hey,” he said, smiling back. “Did you sleep okay?”
Clint asked, “Why not just play PVP?”
. I want to be loving. So marriage, no marriage; it’s a technicality. And I’ve committed worse sins.”
“Soon, baby,” Tony moaned, voice rough.  “Soon I’ll be fucking your throat.  Gonna get you a dildo to practice on, like I said, and you’ll take it and take it ‘cause you love this, don’t you baby?”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I'm okay.”
Rogers nodded and bowed to him.  “Good luck with your work.”
“--but, of course it would still have to be isomorphic according to Darboux’s theorem, right?”
“Dr. Banner’s brain activity on current medical monitoring indicates that he is sleeping deeply,” JARVIS answered.
If JARVIS could sigh, Tony was pretty sure he would have.
Tony palmed Steve’s hard cock through his trousers, exulting inwardly when Steve’s hips jerked. Tony’d always been good at this, able to find just the right pressure, just the right angle to drive a partner wild.
Tony blinked. (He’s never heard that tone from Steve before.) He was still trying to figure out how to answer, when Steve added bitterly, “And, apparently, I’ve been asleep at my post for weeks.” Steve shook his head. “I should have been preparing.” He glared at Tony. “And
Steve was making eggs—Tony could smell them frying—and just hoped Steve had made coffee. Lots of coffee.
“Uh, I hate to pry,” Tony began.
Steve’s mouth fell open immediately and Tony pressed his cock inside.
Dominick glared at Tony, opened his mouth, and then closed it again.
“Uh, Steve?” Tony said, “We don't say ‘inverted’ anymore. It’s considered pretty offensive, actually, since it implies there’s a right way to present and Femme Dommes and male subs turned out wrong.”
“—context inappropriate. And without my permission. But,” Tony shrugged, trying to keep it casual, “I just gave you permission and this is a date. It can be like any other consensual form of power exchange.” He leaned a little closer. “Like foreplay.”
“Rhodey, the
“I . . .”
(Shit!) Tony swallowed. (Okay, Tony, way to imply that you’re
“Hardly,” Natasha said with an annoyed huff.  “Alexeyev was in Brooklyn.  Rogers was merely an entertaining side project while I was in the area; I could hardly avoid noticing him.”
’s what drove you onto the balcony in December?!?”—but not now. Now, he was half afraid to breathe lest Steve get spooked and go silent.
beyond those expressed in the official description of Iron Man’s duties.”
(They were adorable. Tooth-rottingly adorable.)
“Come off it,” Clint snapped, “You think I don’t know how things were?  That there were the good little subs you’d marry, and the naughty ones you’d just—“
Tony caressed Steve’s hand and added, “I’ll even cuddle with you.”
“Yeah, everything’s fine—just gotta go.  I’ll call you back.  Later. Promise!  Bye!  JARVIS, end call.”
(Huh?)
“Sir?”
“Always,” Tony said, dismissing it with a flick of the wrist, “but for you?  I’ve got time.”
[Image Description: An Online Message Board
Tony made a helpless little noise.
“Hey, Tony,” Rhodey said. Tony could hear him smiling. “So, you comin’ for Christmas?”
After a few moments, Tony chuckled and propped up to look at him.  “Well, good morning.”
“Well,” Rhodey said, smile widening, “I won’t tell mom if you don’t.”
“The Avengers?”
Steve fumbled with a little box for a second, then took out a delicate corsage. Tony’s heart leapt.
that tried to escape.
Bruce rolled his eyes. “Says the man who covers himself in motor oil on a regular basis.” Bruce turned his attention back to the chart.
Steve fell asleep while they were watching a fourth episode of
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony grimaced.  “Not as good as
“I have the perfect suggestion!” Tony proclaimed, raising his arms. Clint and Rhodey groaned. “How dare you doubt my taste! Besides, Rhodey, you’re gonna love it.”
Steve shuddered and fell silent.  (Good, being good for Tony.  Shh.  Hush.)  Tony was pressing his fingers in and out again, touching off more dizzying sparks. And it was good, so good, but didn’t Tony want him?  Wouldn’t it be better for Tony to be fucking him, shoving his cock deep inside Steve, feeling Steve clench all around him and—  Was Tony really doing what he wanted to?  Why--  Steve tried to push those thoughts aside, keep floating.
Steve replied to Tony’s note:
“Yeah,” Rhodey agreed with a snort. “He’s a
Bruce smiled, wider this time. “I think it's a great plan, Steve. Any idea what you'll study?”
They were silent.
Steve gave a hesitant nod and Tony rushed on, “And then, if you want, we can keep working. I put your laptop over there so it wouldn’t fall, but I left the files alone. And, hey, if you don’t mind giving me a hand with a few little things on the devices, that would be great.”
Tony shuffled down the bed to search for something in his bag.  Steve was breathing heavily, struggling not to move, to stay calm.  Tony slid back up the bed holding two heavy clips and with a deft motion snapped the rings on Steve’s cuffs to the d-rings in the headboard.  (Those weren’t there before, were they?)
Tony’s stomach twisted, immediately sorry. He approached to lay a hand on Steve’s massive shoulder.
Tony hated Farhad a little bit.
But first, Tony reviewed the facts (yet again. . .): Steve had difficulty with public displays of affection; he had done little or no research on BDSM beyond what was necessary for the spreadsheet; he had not experienced PTSD or encountered any sort of trigger during their session; he’d definitely reached subspace, though he didn’t seem to know what that was; he found verbalizing difficult in scene and perhaps impossible while under; he had probably been overwhelmed by the number of new elements Tony had introduced; he had definitely been overwhelmed by the emotions the scene brought out.  (And he loves me…)
“Wait, so you asked Captain America on a date?”
“Hey, babe,” Tony whispered, pressing his cheek to Steve’s neck. “Hey, big guy . . . I’m right here . . . You’ve got me.”
Tony nodded.  “He should have run farther than Brooklyn if he wanted to escape the Black Widow.”
Tony swallowed, his mind racing back over his contract as Steve rummaged through his little black bag. (Restraints? Paddle? Crop? Clamps?) Tony couldn’t really picture Steve going higher up the scale than that on a random afternoon, but Steve had surprised him before.
saying this, but I think you need a break. A watched pot never boils. Is that the right cliché? I dunno, but my point is you need to give yourself space to actually think or you’re just going to go crazy pushing yourself. We’ll get there. I mean, we’re geniuses, but maybe it’s time to let the Security Blanket marinate for a while. Ok?”
“Yeah.” Steve was frowning at the table. He did not elaborate.
get to the point where I can control the Other Guy, well, I’d want us to be able to say that to the press with confidence—but only once we’re sure it works.”
He’d worry about the Captain later.
Tony hesitated.
“How’s maneuverability, Iron Man? Can you still fire your repulsors?”
The man looked at him dubiously. “Why would you want the photos deleted?”
“Yes! That is, if you do.”
Tony scrubbed himself angrily, pressing just a little too hard.
I'm so grateful for all your encouragement.  (Please picture me blushing and biting my lip like Steve...)
It appeared to be a pizzeria pub.  Just a little hole-in-the-wall joint in Brooklyn with exposed brick, dim lighting, and very little seating.  A neon speakeasy sign winked at Tony through the window as Steve held the door for him.  Behind the oak-paneled bar, a striking, bearded man covered in tattoos was pulling a pint of ale.  He nodded at Steve and waved to the only empty table in the little place—the one set apart from all the others, wedged into the corner next to the bar.  There was a note written on scrap paper in block letters: “For Steve, 7:45.”  Tony glanced back at the handwritten sign on the bar—yep, ‘no reservations.’  (Ha!  I’m not the only one who gets special treatment at restaurants!)
Bruce startled, spinning away from his desk to frown at Tony.
He’d never been one to put off his homework.
Which it was.  Basically.
“And how are you liking it there?”
“Have to?” Tony repeated incredulously, propping up on his elbow.  “Have to?”  He raised one eyebrow.  “We seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding here—of course I don’t have to.  I want to.”  Tony let his hand stroke lower. “You have no idea how much I want to.”
Happy Thanksgiving!  I made you porn!  :-)
“They’re safe,” Pepper said softly. (She knew him so well.) “Rhodey and your team. They all survived the attack.”
“You’re right,” Tony said quietly.  “It’s not ok.  I shouldn’t do that to you.  And I shouldn’t have said what I did.”  Looking up at Steve, Tony felt a sharp stab of guilt that made his eyes prickle.
“Here, baby.”
Tony woke up to find Rhodey in the chair at his side, sound asleep with his head and arms resting on Tony’s bed. Tony was tempted to wake him—to say thank you, to ask for news—but Rhodey looked so exhausted. From what Pepper’d said he and the team had been hunting aliens non-stop for days and days with only brief resting shifts; Rhodey needed the sleep.
Steve took his leave.  He still hated the main SHEILD facility.  It had felt like a prison within a prison when he first woke up in the 21
“Hey, Tony? I was going to pick up the--” Bruce said, then went silent, frozen in the doorway.  “Oh, hello, Captain.  Tony, our package wasn’t there.”
Rogers grinned.  “Please.”
him!? How the hell can that be healthy?”
And like Clint said, nobody would believe it; they were way too improbable a match.
The knot returned to Steve's stomach.
with Natasha and Clint to debrief the Agents who had been there for the Eewoo. Why the fuck couldn’t Hill and Fury have shown up for that one and spared them all the pain of redundancy?!?
“I’m a very safe driver!  And you were wearing a helmet.  A proper *motorcycle* helmet.”
“Did you know?” Cap yelled again.
As he watched the robot rote and pivot its arms in smooth, precise sequence, a woman’s voice, a sweet, soft soprano flitted through his mind.
Tony grinned. “Cool! Well, I eat pretty much anything except squid, so whatever you want.”
So when Steve wiped his hands on a towel and announced, “well, time to go check on the turkey again,” Tony hopped up to join him.
Then Tony reached down, closed his hands around Steve’s wrists, and pulled them behind his back.  Steve’s cock leapt and he held his breath.  (Yes, yes, yes. Tony,
“Basically,” Bruce answered, “the photons are normalized, with a reduced electromagnetic radiation, so the arc reactor diffusion and gamma radiation are no longer breaking the wave-particle duality.”
Natasha said to wait and let Tony come to him.
Steve nodded.
“No,” he agreed, aiming for casual. “I suppose it isn’t.”
“Uh, sure,” Steve said. He was frowning, but it looked more pensive than distressed. Tony forced himself to wait. His heart was speeding.
Tony stretched and headed for the shower.
Steve gave a firm, deliberate suck on Tony’s cock, then pulled away.
“Room 22, right?” Rogers asked, checking the doors.  Tony nodded, but as he neared the door Rogers dashed ahead, awkwardly dodged a pair of Agents, and got there first; he held the door open with a flourish, head high, shoulders back.
“Holy shit!” exclaimed an agent.
“Mmm-hmmm,” Tony hummed. “ G’night boys!” Tony called to the bots. “Shut it all down, JARVIS.”
“What I think we
The team wordlessly sprang into action, acting in perfect concert: Bruce stopped the movie; Clint fetched two beers from the fridge; and Natasha grabbed two more bowls for popcorn.
Tony was bathed in the blue glow of his floating schematics, surrounded entirely with charts, rows, columns, and notes. It was a huge amount of data. After all, a Master Contract was meant to be exhaustive.
(Oh shit.  Am I really gonna do this?)
Steve drained the entire bottle of water, refilled it at the fountain, and started back towards the unbreakable bag. He sometimes felt like Sisyphus with that thing. (Ugh.) It was great to have a bag he couldn't destroy, but it was maddening too. (Especially today.) He changed his mind halfway across the gym and sat down on the bench.
“Please?  Mr. Stark, I—” Rogers floundered a moment.  When Tony turned, Rogers looked so frustrated
, would it?  Steve had liked the dirty talk so far.  He’d said so! They’d actually talked about that.  (If by talked, one meant exchanged digital post-it notes…)  So, that wasn’t it. (Probably.)
Tony kissed him—tongue exploring his mouth, slow and languorous, sucking his bottom lip then nipping at it with his teeth.  Tony kissed him until he was breathless, then pulled away, leaving Steve panting, lips glistening and kiss-swollen.  Tony tipped the glass to give him another sip of port, then pressed their mouths together again, one hand clutching at Steve’s neck, his hair, the other hand roaming across his shoulders, his chest, his side, his hip.  Steve’s clutched at Tony’s sweater, little gasps and moans falling from his mouth.  It was harder and harder to keep still.  Steve wanted so badly to pull Tony’s clothes off, press his aching cock against Tony’s hip, and
“Come on, Steve,” Tony said. “I’ve never known you to pass up a street hotdog.”
“Good thinking, Widow. Sound ok, Iron Man?”
Rogers drew his shoulders back and lifted his chin very slightly.  “Mr. Stark hasn’t invited me to that familiarity,” Rogers answered primly.
(Were the tips of Steve’s ears turning faintly pink?)
He wasn’t.
“You didn’t think he’d come after your lunch date either,” she pointed out.
And, okay, the irony of this wasn’t lost on Tony, but he couldn’t help saying, “Don’t you think you should maybe get some sleep?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
When Steve’s mouth closed around him, he came.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My pleasure,” Tony said. “So glad you enjoyed it.”
Also, I've listened to "Fools Rush In" for YEARS to get in the mood to write this story.  I've had the image in my head Steve leading Tony to that song for SO LONG and it's good to finally get to share it.
.)  He shook himself.  “Uh, yeah.  Sure.  Sounds fine.”
“Mmm,” Tony muttered, switching the bit on his screwdriver.
“Me too.”  (That’s sort of like ‘thank you,’ right?)  “Anyway, go back to sleep and--”
Tony smiled. “Hardly my fault you arrived so fashionably late.”
"Well, here I am, solider," Tony whispered with a grin. "So go on:
“If he does anything—
Tony stared at him, speechless, for a few moments, then breathed, “God,
“What are you doing here?” Bruce asked, voice tense.
. “Well. I’d better go, uh, shower. Good . . . good fight, Iron Man.”
“Perhaps some other time,” Tony said sincerely, with a kind smile. He squeezed Harry’s hand. “It was lovely chatting with you, but I’m quite eager to get home. It’s been a long evening.”
Romanov went in for the kill: “We all know what you’re capable of.”
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
“Better add ‘football’ to the list,” Colbert jokes, then adds apologetically, “And I’ve got bad news about the Tigers.”
“So, when 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' was repealed--?”
--” Steve shrugged. “--and, I mean--” his mouth twisted “--everything special about me came out of a bottle.”
Tony stared at him.  “Ah,” Steve looked sheepish for a second, then added, “I looked it up.”
“Really?” Steve frowned. “But Jim said—“
“Steve?”
“—but we can sort that out later with the others.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “He seems nervous about it.”
Tony ran his fingers across the knot of scars, rough and thick. He thought of the photo in his wallet and stepped away from the mirror. (Steve wouldn’t care.)
“Yep! Always are,” Tony said, “I always order from them on the 25
Rhodey shook his head.  “You know I can’t tell you that.”
(It didn’t look like a hug . . . not really.)
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Tony was almost to the coatroom, waving, nodding and smiling as he went when he heard a familiar deep velvet voice intone: “Tony,
“I know.”
That perches in the soul -)
Tony shook his head.
“Sorry, big guy,” Tony said, “You’re hardly inconspicuous.”
As always, thank you for reading!  I am very thankful for all the support and enthusiasm you give me.  It's a pleasure and a privilege to share my story with you.
(Shit.)
My infinite gratitude to EVERYONE WHO HAS CHEERED ME ON!  I really couldn't do it without so many kind words from so many kind people.  I'd have given up long ago without all of you.  But especially I'd like that thank thatwhichyields, Mary, pandowl, shards-of-divinity, and lilragekitten for going above and beyond with their EPIC beta reading and cheer leading!!!!!!
“I think it’s safe to say, you’re a submissive or ‘sub.’  I’m your dominant or ‘dom.’  People call what we’ve been doing BDSM—which actually stands for six things: bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism, and masochism.  At this point though, we’ve really only done the bondage, dominance and submission parts of that.  We may decide to explore discipline and sadomasochism, we may not. We can figure that out later, but this is all vocabulary that matters.”
Clint coughed. “--uh,
“Oh, of course,” Steve said. “I understand. And it’s fine—really.”
“Don’t know if we’ve ever spent this long in my suite before,” Steve said pensively, sliding a fresh rash of bacon onto the platter. (He was clearly trying to
,” Tony murmured, sidling a little closer, desperate for Steve to
Not that Tony thought Rogers was stupid. He didn’t. Just, well, he’d always assumed somebody wrote Captain America’s rousing speeches. Someone else. A professional. Now Tony wasn’t so sure.
(“Hope is the thing with feathers . . .”)
Coffee in hand, Tony hastened to get back to work.
expected it.”
He moved his mouth up and down . . .
Steve frowned. “I’m not gonna use some poor sub as a human shield.”
(Stupid, stupid Tony.) Tony shook his head. (Since when are you so naïve?)
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “There is no crown. Tony's just being a dick. Wants to know information he's not cleared for.”
Steve sipped his coffee and nodded, intrigued.
“Okay, so, that’s JARVIS.  He runs the tower and is eyes and ears on everything.  I don’t just, like, sit around and watch the footage to spy on people or anything, but in the event of emergency we can call it up.  There’s a privacy mode you can use on your own floor, but anyway, I’ll go over that in more detail when everybody gets here.”
“What do you think it means?” Steve asked.
“It was a pleasure meeting you, Katie,” Steve said, taking her hand again. “Merry Christmas.”
Junior Agent Thomas Jones looked sullenly at his tray of industrial slop. He really,
like Lt. Col. Rhodes?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Yeah, well,” Tony said, heart hammering. “Spider aliens don’t invade in ‘real life’ either. It’ll work out.”
And Tony really really wanted to ignore him, but he found himself looking up without entirely meaning to.  “Yeah? What?”
“Gotta run.”
“Uh--?”
“Definitely,” Steve assured her.  Tony nodded vigorously.
Clint threw a towel at Tony’s face while he took a long drink from his water bottle.
: go get em tiger. I’ll be watching.
“Yeah, sure.”  Tony opened his mouth—(you’re always welcome)--  and said, “Yes.  Yes, of course.  Um, pajamas?”
Steve was kissing his throat and unbuttoning one, two, three buttons and—
She gave a little nod and the very slightest smile.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck. (Christ, he was getting maudlin in old age.)
“Steve, ah!”
Tony hurried to fetch his coat and catch up with his team. It was time to go home.
JARVIS, insightful as ever, replied at the same volume: “Of course, sir.”
“Yes,” Tony gasped, feeling laid bare by that single word. There was something almost humiliating about being forced to verbalize his pleasure. It brought an unexpected blush to his cheeks with a rush of lust.
“Please what, sweetheart?” Steve asked gently.  “What do you want?”
Tony groaned. “How can the presser foot be jammed again? I
Tony tossed a tennis ball for Dummy and watched the bot wheel off after it. Somebody had gotten the little guy a Santa hat. (At first, he’d suspected Steve, but on further reflection it seemed more like a Clint thing to do. That guy was unexpectedly into Christmas.) Tony made his next call; she picked up on the first ring.
“Yes, Steve.”
Tony should really check his data one more time before manufacturing the initial prototype, but his attention was wandering again. He had hundreds of questions for Rogers, curiosities about his life, his experiences.
He nearly whined in disappointment when Tony let go of his cock, but then he moved his hand lower to fondle Steve’s balls.  Steve’s breath caught.  He spread his legs, desperate and willing to beg, but not quite finding the words.  (
“Really?”
“Talk to me, J,” Tony said, pulling on a sweatshirt. “Status report?”
Tony stared at Rogers incredulously.  (Should have seen it coming, but really?  What the hell?)
“Tony?”
Tony was disassembling an old Mark IV gauntlet when he noticed a silent shadow fall across the floor from the doorway. It sent his heart racing and a shaky jolt of adrenaline bursting through his veins.
Tony bade Bruce a distracted good morning, poured himself some more coffee, and settled at the counter, watching Steve fuss over the last of the brunch preparations.
“No, but—”
(How had he ever found this shit fun?)
“No lasting damage. His tastes aren’t particularly extreme and he has exceptional control. As I said, he’s not by nature cruel.”
Steve took another sip of beer, then frowned.  “I thought scat was a jazz thing.”
The guitar switched to “O Little Town of Bethlehem” and out the window the city lights looked like thousands upon thousands more little white Christmas lights.
“I’m happy to throw together some dinner,” Steve volunteered.
“All right, team,” The Captain said, everybody already dispersing. “You’ve got ten!”
Steve frowned at him.  “Why do I feel like that was too easy and you’re just placating me?”
“Don’t you need it?” Tony asked.
(He could text the team to go on without him.)
Tony lifted his empty coffee cup to his lips for the second time. The coffee pot was still empty. And, hey, they’d been down there for hours and Steve still hadn’t brought more coffee.
Tony rolled his eyes. Steve handed him the plate and Tony started in on the bacon with gusto.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve bit down on Tony’s shoulder—
go. And no yelping! We’re just gonna find it.”
“Come on, handsome,” Tony said, squirming and giving Steve a little tug.  “Let’s get in bed.”
“Well, that’s it,” Tony said, hoisting his shoulder bag back into position.  He liked to travel light. Baby Agent looked confused and wide-eyed.
“Mmmm.”
“Mmm,” Tony mumbled vaguely, shuffling closer.
“Apologies,” Johnny said with a nod.  “Three.”
“I swear,” Steve said earnestly, “they won’t guess from me. I’m not gonna treat you any different now that you’re my fella. I can be professional. They won’t—“
Tony’s hand pressed heavily against his throat for a few long moments before moving to push down on his left shoulder, encouraging Steve to shift his weight off his neck.  (Better.)  Tony stroked Steve’s hair, scratching lightly at his scalp.
“Nerds,” Clint coughed into the comm. Tony’s heart was starting to slow to something closer to normal.
“What?”
Tony searched back through his slightly clouded memory. He was pretty sure that Steve had been the one helping Rhodey put Tony to bed. And he was probably the one who left the water and ibuprofen too.
“—I was sorry for that years and years ago. I’m not a dumb teenager anymore OR some sex-crazed nympho who can’t keep it in his pants for ten minutes! For god’s sake, he’s my
(To think, things had finally been going so well.)
Tony laughed.  “We’re allowed to make out on the couch, you know,” Tony said.  Steve was *definitely* blushing.  He bit his lip.  Tony was still smiling, but added rather gently, “But we don’t have to or anything.  It’s okay to be shy with the PDA, but . . . you know, we *can.*  Yeah?”
Tony’s tongue swiped across his bottom lip; Steve opened his mouth a little and Tony let out another pleased noise as he deepened the kiss. It made Steve’s head swim. (Hot, slick, good, good . . . but gentle, soft . . . )
“You didn’t have to,” Tony snapped.
He’d been reaching for the chips.
Tony pulled on an old pair of jeans, then changed into the tighter pair. (The ones that showed off his “pert little butt.”) Black fitted T-shirt, favorite grey hoodie.
face and telling me about a bad date.” A pause. “So? Who’d you go on a date with?”
His mind flipped between memories of their happy panting--full of laughter, fumbling their way to climax--and this afternoon’s disaster.
“That’s good,” Steve said. He paused then asked, “Uh, how are you feeling?”
At last!  Chapter 9 is done!  And long!  Yay!
It was hardly Tony’s first rodeo—he could barely muster the energy to be nervous anymore—and even with Katie and Mikie running the show, the style of questions was deplorably predictable:
“It’s okay,” Tony said. “I’m at a stopping place.”
Tony awakened from a fitful slumber to the sensation that something was subtly wrong. JARVIS didn’t greet him; he wasn’t in his bed.
Steve’s story of the Louvre’s treasures hidden from the Nazis is a slightly mythologized version of WWII history.  The greatest treasures were indeed evacuated, entrusted to civilians, and then returned, but my research suggests they were mostly housed in illustrious private chateaus not with humble farmers.  In P&P, I took poetic license and opted for the more sentimental version that my grandfather—a WWII veteran—told me as a tribute to French integrity and love of art.
“It’s getting late and I found a nice little bistro not too far from base. I was going to ask if I could take you out to dinner, but I suppose—”
“How’s the hangover?” he asked.
“Oh,” Rogers said with a slight frown.  (Disapproving? Pensive? Curious?)  It made Tony want to explain despite himself.  Made him want to tell Rogers that he loved Pepper, but they didn’t work like that.  That there were hints of power exchange in their friendship, but it wasn’t erotic, just a kindness between friends.  That he may be a slut, but he wasn’t casual with people he loved—it would be too confusing and hurtful to be together but not.
“But it’s a sin,” Tony pressed, like a moth to the flame. (Oh, god, shut up… stop talking!)
“No, we’re—“ Dominick began.
“As I attempted to point out.  Sir.”  JARVIS’ tone was withering.
“Steve?” Pepper said, puzzled. “Who’s Steve?” Then, before Tony could answer, her face lit up and she asked, “Oh my gosh, Tony, are you dating again?”
With a quick pull to the loop knot, Steve untied Tony from the top post, scooped Tony into his arms, and laid him out across the bed. Then he climbed into bed too, stretching out beside Tony’s limp, naked body. Steve pulled a blanket up around them.
(Shit!)
(Huh? Why?) He blinked. (Steve had his contract now…)
—though, as it turns out that isn’t actually Persian, just something Americans expect from a Middle-Eastern-looking food truck. Oh! Have you had
A recording played from the ceiling, Tony’s own voice: “Forget the email, JARVIS. We’re gonna surprise Pep! Top Secret! ‘Surprise Party Protocol 10’ levels of surprise.”
“I did too,” Fury admitted. “But, whether you believe me or not, I like you Stark. Always have. I underestimated you, but you’ve more than proven yourself and it’s not a mistake I’d make twice.”
Tony looked between the plate, piled high with a super soldier serving size, and then to his schematics and back. He blinked.
“Oh, now I know you’re spoiling for a fight!” Steve exclaimed jokingly.  He took a sip of his beer and hummed in satisfaction.
Tony sighed. Not that it was unexpected or even unreasonable.
“With pleasure, sir.”
Silence for a moment.  Then Rogers said: “Well then, I guess it’s a good thing I brought coffee.”
“Yes,” Tony gasped.  “Yes!”
Steve went back to the living room and settled in the chair nearest the hallway. It was unlikely he'd be needed again--really he should go to bed, but he doubted he could sleep. So he sat with his notebook.
Tony swallowed. (What? No.)
“No, I’m afraid not,” Miss Rushman replied smoothly. “His wealth and renowned are based on industry, not on his purely private artistic achievements.”
When Tony ambled blearily towards the kitchen early the next morning—(he’d had no one to keep him up late, after all)—he could hear Steve singing softly to himself.
Tony couldn’t quite stifle a laugh—then again, he hadn’t been trying that hard.
While Steve made amiable small talk with Katie and the other Avengers finished their debate about Bruce Willis, Tony started getting out plates and forks and chopsticks.
Steve let out a strangled noise and rocked forward and back, curling and uncurling, to help drive Tony’s fingers harder and deeper inside him.  (Fuck me!)  Tony licked his cock.
“Thank you,” Steve said, adding mildly, “There does seem to be a terrible shortage of
Idleness had never been good for Tony.
He took a deep breath and let it out. He turned on the shower, nice and hot, and stripped.
“Did you hurt any of your other lovers after you got the serum?” Tony asked it calmly, careful to keep his tone well clear of accusation. More rhetorical.
Steve smiled and rested his cheek on the top of Tony’s head as the end credits played. He let out a long sigh, but it seemed (Tony hoped) more contented than melancholy.
Steve stared.  He tabbed over and opened a “chat” “window.”
(Good.  Better. )
“Yes!  Yes, sorry.  I can go now.  Or, do I need to change?”  Tony went on before Steve could answer, “JARVIS, save and close all this.  So, wait, where are we going and what should I wear?”
The food was magnificent; the wine, delightful. They’d talked about art, Stark Industries, engineering, cooking, and cuisine. At no point had Tony found an easy segue to his contract. A couple of times Steve had gotten this sweetly nervous look on his face and Tony’d felt certain that he was going to broach the topic, but no. Nope. Nada. Not yet.
“Chinese food!” Tony and Clint cried in unison.
Also, major SPOILERS for Star Trek “The Devil in the Dark,” one of my all time favorites.  BUT you can watch it here for free!  Highly recommend!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkkvYIei5eQ
“How’s it going down here?” Clint asked, glancing around at the glowing schematics.
. Within 12 hours even the Junior Agents knew.)
Tony’s whole day had felt oddly like he was in a holding pattern. Ever since Steve got up for his run and Tony headed down to his workshop, work, everything, felt like he was just filling time until the gala. (And bracing for the storm.). It was silly, since he had plenty of work to do and could (probably should) take a 97th look at the portal data, but . . . everything just felt slightly
Then, Steve stood up with a smile and said briskly, “Now then. It’s 7:30, I made chili, and everybody’s ready for dinner.  Clint’s was complaining how many movie nights we’ve rescheduled and has convinced Thor we should watch
work.  To get out of your head.
“AVENGERS ASSEMBLE”
“I’ll see you soon, sweetheart.”
They were still and silent for a few long moments before Tony spoke again.
Tony'd zoned out for a moment there, but Rogers had his full attention now.
“Bullshit,” Tony said and his voice had a hard edge.  Steve looked up, startled.  Tony’s gaze was cold. Steve stared at him, feeling helpless.  (Are you going to mock me for being so weak?  I was, I know.  I’m trying to be strong, but it’s hard and I--)  It felt like Steve had had his legs cut out from under him.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony and Pepper stood silently in front of Marseilles waiting for their respective drivers, Tony swaying slightly on his feet.  He wondered if the vibrant yellow, four inch pumps she was wearing had been part of the bouquet.  Somehow, he was in no mood to ask.
“Thanks, buddy. Good boy.”
(Rhodey’s fine.  He’s right there.  He’s talking to you.  He’s fine.   Fine, fine,
(Yeah, no.)
“Always a pleasure to be of service, Captain.”
Nothing to be nervous about.
Steve shot him a (nervous?) little smile and Tony reveled in his plan.
“Ah,” Bruce said, giving Rogers the Banner Contemplative Look # IV.  “That was very good of you, Captain.” He shuffled into the lab with a smile.
Tony opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, Steve just murmured, “It’s okay; I’ve got you,” again. Tony swallowed thickly and laid his head against Steve’s chest. Steve let out a happy little murmur and stroked his neck. Tony curled closer and tried to match his breaths to Steve’s deep, calm breathing: in-out, in-out, in-out. As Steve held him, Tony let his eyes slide shut, suddenly aware of how absurdly tired he was. (He hadn’t realized how worried and tense he’d been all day . . .)
to hear about break-ups kept him quiet. “Mm,” he uttered, with a nod.
“Yeah, sure,” Rhodey said with a shrug. “But a good date is a good date. Now tell me ‘bout it.”
to . . . practice on yet.
“Yep,” Tony said, leaning back into her embrace. “Except for the arms on Clint’s uniform. Sacrificed some strength to mobility—only 5.6:1, but feel how lightweight it is.”
Tony blinked. “We’re going to the gala for Valentine’s day.”
Tony pressed his cheek back to her knee, still smiling and maybe starting to blush.
“You’re the one who brought up the subject of sin,” Steve said, voice going a little harsh as he jerked his hand away. “You wanna talk about sin?
“Please, Steve,” Tony murmured.  “Please. Tell me how to serve you.”
“Is it just me or—“ Clint said, in a strangled voice.
“How will I ever be a mother, when I can’t even manage a proper vacation?” There was a hint of a tremor in her voice. “Everybody jokes and calls Stark Industries my ‘baby’ and Jeremy used to do it all the time, even after I told him about Aunt Maggie’s, ‘only one she’ll ever have’ cracks and how much I hate it.”
“Meetings-- we all have to serve our time in purgatory.”
alike—well, besides the obvious.)
Tony tossed two of the big couch cushions down of the floor next to Steve, then wrapped his hand around Steve’s arm, urging him to scoot over and kneel on the padding.  “Move for me, honey.”  Tony knelt behind him to caress him and nuzzle his neck.
was it?)  At least he’d prepped himself on the boat.
“So,” Tony said brightly, turning to Bruce, “wanna help me build a miniaturized spectrometer?”
“I just wanted to make sure,” Steve began, then ran his tongue across his lips and swallowed.  “That we’re still--”
“Color?” Steve asked.
“Hey,” Tony said, putting a hint of teasing into his voice and a touch of playfulness into the little shake he gave Steve.  “What brought all that on anyway?”
“I don’t know Clint, Natasha, or Bruce all that well,” Rhodey said, a little hesitant, “But Steve—Steve seems like a Christmas kind of guy.”
“Nah,” Tony said with a little shrug, and his pulse shouldn’t be racing over such a tiny thing, such a minute surrender, but his heart slammed in his chest as he said: “You’re in charge.”
Another sip of her vodka. Steve’s stomach began to tighten up into knots; there was something decidedly unnerving about all of this. He felt like he was always missing something, like he couldn’t read between the lines.
“I’m afraid my schedule is very busy for the next few weeks,” he told Harry gently, “and, now that I’m an Avenger, I’m not that involved in the day-to-day management of the Stark Scholars. But you’d have a chance to meet and help select our brilliant guest speakers—some of the finest mathematicians in the world. There would be lots of opportunities for you to share your love of mathematics with others.”
“No,” Tony snapped.
“You bet,” Tony said publically, then added to Steve alone, “Never expected to demonstrate the Hug and Fly for an extraterrestrial.”
Steve nodded and lowered the notebook. It was a sketch of Bruce and Tony playing chess. Bruce was just a series of loosely connected circles and crosses, the board and background a placeholder of dim lines. But Tony was drawn with vibrant detail: there was a hint of a smile at the corner of his lips, but a furrow in his brow. His eyes were bright, lashes long and dark. Even his hand, reaching out to take a pawn, was well defined and delicately rendered. (Were his wrists really that dainty?) Tony noticed with a rush of warmth that Steve had drawn him with his sleeves rolled up just enough to hint at the rope marks he now wore.
“There you are,” Pepper said.  “It’s time to take our seats for dinner.”
Tony looked at him curiously. Steve glanced around the restaurant for a moment, before answering. “I used to work here.”
“But, that’s still only got it up to 54 hertz, which is just the sciency way of saying ‘times per second’.”
“Fine.  Doctor Stark,” Dominick said with obvious irritation.  “Can we get on with it?”
Rogers arrived at 9 am sharp, with a large army duffle slung over his shoulder, an artist’s portfolio obviously containing his shield, and one medium-sized cardboard box carried in his arms.  He stood in the lobby looking a little wide-eyed, making small talk with Darla at the front desk.
“Cash? Seriously?” Tony laughed. “These days wallets mostly hold credit cards and membership cards, but either way, I already beat you to it. I paid and tipped by card when I placed the order.”
“Oh, there you are, Mr. Stark!”
(Yes!)
Thirty glowing schematics sprang to life displaying fifteen thousand dollar cuff links from Tiffany’s, a minor Picasso on auction at Christie’s, a Cartier pocket watch with a compass, and an array of other extravagances. Steve blinked at them in confusion, looking a little overwhelmed as Tony rushed on.
*****************************************************
This chapter was a struggle!  I worry it’s too long and the pacing is off and it doesn’t do what I meant for it to, but, um, here it is!  And only a few hours after Steve’s birthday. ☺  Really hope you enjoy it!
“Not quite sure yet, Cap,” Tony said. He hesitated, then added, “but I’d guess, nothing good. Be ready.”
to do for Steve.) Even as Tony’s plan took shape, there was a part of him that rebelled against it—(What will people think?)—but that muttering voice was crowded out by the others. (This is
have more hand-to-hand training, but the way Rogers had just bailed felt . . . wrong. Tony didn’t like it.
“Steve,” Tony said hoarsely, standing up to open the door, “oh, gosh, I’m so sorry, you must think of me as a terrible parent.”
Just small things for the next three months.
“Keep an eye on the monitors and tell me if anything changes,” Fury pointed to his one good eye before leaving his post.
There were small things that did change between them. Whenever Tony felt emboldened or particularly grateful, he’d give Rogers a kiss. Usually a peck, nothing like in the field. Tony even touched Rogers at times. On the arm, the back, around the neck. Rogers would return the favor.
“Why didn’t you apply to NASA?” Bucky asked, “you’re smart. Heck, you got into MIT in your sophomore year, which you would have gone if you didn’t get together with Stevie. What gives?”
“Oh,” Steve sighed.
“Talk to me, love,” Steve said softly, all lust leaving his eyes.
“You fucking better, you bastard,” Tony whispered against Ransom’s lips.
Once he got inside, a handsome dom guard told him to strip.
“There’s no need to- Greg?” Holy shit. the man was gorgeous. Perfect jaw, clear ocean eyes, bright blonde hair. He looked like an Ancient Greek god. An Adonis angel coming down from the heavens. Tony hoped he wasn’t drooling.
Tony could see his future. After he finishes highschool, he was to marry Obadiah who he was betrothed to since Howard found out he was a worthless omega. He’d have an unhappy marriage, full of pain and misery, forever pregnant with children he would never love. He could see it all now in stark greys and blues and purples. Like the color of his bruises.
“Holy fucking shit-“
“Don’t- don’t patronize me.”
The front door opened and closed and Tony jumped out of Steve’s arms.
“Peter,” Tony raised his voice in warning.
It was strange to think just a week ago, he didn’t know Steve at all.
The dom leaned down to kiss him. Tony froze in place, opening his mouth mechanically to let the foreign dom explore with tongue. Tony instinctively turned away even as the dom pulled him into those strong arms. The dom pulled both of them back until they fell onto bed. Tony did nothing but let him.
He got there 30 minutes early. It was already busy. The baristas barely had time for him, having to serve the customers their complicated orders. He waited nearly an hour, being greeted once and a while by a barista or a frazzled customer. It was incredibly hectic.
“Just because you have assimilated into life here, doesn’t mean you’ll be here forever! There’s a three month expiration date!” Bucky snapped.
“Yeah, you look like you barely got any sleep last night,” Steve replied.
The next time Steve called wouldn’t be soon enough.
“Hey there, birthday boy!” Tony smiled as he walked into the small room.
“Doesn’t mean I can’t tease him into submission, honeycakes,” Bucky kissed Nat until she smiled and laughed, “sorry, Stevie, can I have a tall skinny espresso with nonfat milk. Gotta watch the weight.”
Steve used one finger to circle Tony’s hole lazily, the other grabbing a packet of lube and opening it with his teeth. Tony watched him, eyes blazing with lust, “green.”
After another failed interview, Tony almost resigned himself to take a black market job just to make ends meet. He was already living in squalor, the shittiest apartment he could afford. It could barely be called a studio, more like a closet. He didn’t know what he would do if he wasn’t able to afford even that.
Steve reluctantly slid out of his lover, “alright. I’ll give you your punishment. Stand up.”
“Good boy,” Steve praised, kissing the top of Tony’s forehead.
“I suppose,” Tony’s smile was plastered on his face. He knew he’d probably not encounter the hottie again.
“Reed Richards,” a man in a white medical coat stated.
“Tony,” Greg said, “I care about you, brother. I will not have anyone hurt you if I can help it.”
“Please, daddy,” Peter gave his best sad kid expression.
He stood up, “that’s real cool of you, Steve Rogers. Making an omega cry. Did you get what you wanted?”
Until Afghanistan.
“Tell me, Tony-“
“I’m… not a robot,” Iron man said, gesturing to his body, “There's actually a man under all this metal if you can believe it. For your other questions… We are the Avengers, the resistance against the Hydra government. There's a reason why we are dressed the way we are. It’s a distinctive choice, to show the public that we aren’t with Hydra.”
“Nothing,” Tony said.
Tony swung open the door, “what do you want, Greg?”
Rogers stared at him, blinking profusely, “excuse me?”
“What’s up with those two?” Steve asked.
“Steven! It’s good to see you! How have things been?”
Tony closed his eyes, letting the memory surround him, “me too.”
He closed his eyes.
Bucky was doing all this with the speed and experience of a seasoned barista, but Tony flopped around. He dropped a huge jug of strawberry juice which made his and all the other barista’s shoes sticky for
“Shut up and fuck me, daddy,” Tony said viciously.
“No…” Tony said softly into the scotch.
So he began working for less than legal organizations. It wasn’t his choice and if his mother found out, he’d be in for it, but his mother was dying and he was losing straws. He had already sold their home and most of their valuables to afford Sarah’s medical bills.
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve gasped, wrapping his arms around Tony, “have you told anyone?”
Not wanting to stand awkwardly by the entrance, Tony followed the man through a series of hallways, each decorated with more flowers and finery. It was looking more and more distressingly like a celebration of some kind, one that made Tony feel distinctly uncomfortable.
“It’s a job,” Tony said, “I needed one.”
“Ok, here’s the plan,” Rhodey said.
The dom took his time rinsing out his mouth before he stepped towards Tony like a lion stalking it’s prey.
“How do you know all this?” Steve asked.
“Tony…” Steve said softly, “You were the first person who genuinely cared enough about me to ask if I was ok. That makes you a somebody in my eyes.”
“I’m fine,” Tony intoned. He was in fact, not feeling too fine, but he would be fine. He was used to this. What he wasn’t used to was Rogers’ concern.
“The park, it’s closing,” Tony reiterated, “it’s time to go home.”
“Save it, Buck,” Steve said hoarsely.
Tony did not show any emotion as his love life was speculated in the open in front of him. He looked down at his food tray, his hands shaking under the table.
“Why is that my responsibility?” Tony grouched, “why can’t you do that?”
“Oh, honey, don’t worry about that. I’ll be back before you know it,” Ransom picked up his youngest and kissed her on the crown of her head.
“What- Bucky- Tony- Bucky’s-“ Rogers blinked rapidly, “Bucky’s dead.”
Romanoff smirked, “Interesting. There is more to you than meets the eye.”
“Tell me, Tony, what can you give me that I do not already have?” Roger’s asked calmly.
“Father.”
“Really,” Tony said with a soft smile, kissing the top of Peter’s head, “be good, remember what I taught you?”
There were things happening behind the scenes, but Tony never paid attention to them. It wasn’t his business.
,” Tony said those famous lines in a powerful voice, and, by the gods, Steve was mesmerized. Tony looked strong, powerful in a way Steve had never seen an omega look strong or powerful. He was magnificent, magnetizing.
The joke didn’t land quite as the Norse god intended. In fact, Tony wasn’t even paying attention to Thor, waving his hands in front of his face like he was seeing them for the first time.
The portly blonde gave Steve a nasty smile, “I’d like you to seduce him.”
Steve slapped once, twice, three times, light slaps, not wanting to hurt his lover.
“Whatever the name, do something. We can only be in so many places,” the quiet dom said before vanishing into the crowd.
Strong arms encased him and he practically collapsed into them. He couldn’t help but feel grateful as he covered his face into Steve’s hard but firm chest, tears already trancing down his cheeks and staining Steve’s crisp shirt as he gripped Steve hard. He was too numb to care.
He was about to react when Natasha- a sub- smacked Bucky on the head. It shocked him enough for indecision to reign.
Now Tony was in a cell, paired with a dom who didn’t want him. That confused Tony a bit. He saw how Rogers stared at Tony’s body. It was kind of like how Tiberius the guard stared at Tony’s body, greedily taking it in. Rogers had Tony right where he wanted the sub, but he didn’t use Tony. Hell, Tony even draped himself all over the dom and he just moved aside.
“I…” The man fumbled, “my home is here.”
“What do you mean?” Tony asked softly.
“It’s just for three months,” Steve reasoned.
Steve felt gutted. He hung his head, “I’ll think about what you said.”
,” Greg leaned his head to the side, as if looking around Tony would give him a better look.
“Oh, fusion reactors- it would go over your head, Steve,” Banner waved happily.
The quiet dom came forward, supplying a chair.
He opened the car door but the neighbor was coming over. Tony blanked out for a second, his neighbors knew to leave him alone, but never this guy. He was always friendly, always wanting to chat.
Greg was untouchable, so the ten rings went for Tony. No one knew he was kidnapped. No one gave a damn except for Tony’s best friend, Rhodey.
“What?” The chatty sub asked through a mouthful of mush, “prison food not posh enough for you.”
It… it was a strange request. A smarter man would have left it at that, but Steve was desperate. The flyer promised good money. He went to the local library the next day, got his photo taken and sent it to the allotted email.
“Uh- Uh huh,” Tony nodded. He didn’t look alright. He looked… devastated.
“To gain favors with others,” Tony hugged himself.
“I am, but what I’m saying is the truth. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I hurt you. It was never my intention to let you know,” Steve let the tears fall, voice cracking, “you can hate me. You can tell Ransom. I don’t know- can tell me to leave and I’ll never come back. I just wanted you to know why I did what I did. Because I couldn’t bear the thought of you thinking I’d intentionally hurt you. I love you. I love your brilliant mind. I love your children. I love how you get this soft expression whenever you tinker with your gadgets. I love-“
“The fuck was that about?” Clint asked, confused.
Clint waved a hand in Tony’s face, “yo, earth to Tony-“
The sounds of
🚨🚨🚨🚨 WARNING🚨🚨🚨🚨 talk of heavy abuse in this chapter.
“Are you homeless?” Peter asked in a way only a child could.
“But Captain Rogers is keeping secrets… Did the bugs catch anything?”
Tony chewed his lower lip, flinching at the ghost of Howard yelling behind his back. Why did this feel so much like Ty all over again?
“Tony?” Steve asked, intrigued, “why does he look like you?”
“Can I have a tall, hot alpha with a side of cream please?” Bucky said cheekily. Nat punched him on the side, “Steve’s working, you dolt.”
“Don’t entertain the silly omega’s ideas,” Howard scoffed, “an omega is born for one thing and one thing only. Fucking.”
“Then there’s these,” she said, again ignoring his question as though he’d never spoken it.
“Cover me,” Tony told Steve, and he did not wait for a response.
Once the doctor and his team had the right tunnel and it was stable, the contract was over and he’d take Machen’s final payout and never see Old Crow Mountain again.
“Mad?” she asked.
He had to hope that Thor could still fight, but part of him wished they’d left him behind.
The date on it fits, but the year is gone.”
“Our working relationship?”
She and Steve continued on, feet soundless despite the gravel lot, to the stairs of the house.
But for who?
“What were they after?” Steve asked.
They passed a sign of weathered wood painted with the words CROWS, WV POP. 213.
By unspoken agreement, they did not stop in the room with Agent Carlton’s body, now laid out and covered, where the dual scents of disinfectant and putrefaction still hung in the air.
“Is he alive?” Steve asked.
“First of all, if you aren’t kidding I demand to hear the entire story of how you punched Nazis in a corset and frilly panties right now, and second of all, I need you to find something else because you are making me
They checked in here for survivors, but after the first time, they couldn’t get back in.
“I don’t think we are welcome,” Steve said.
He paused and looked behind him, up the shadowy stairwell and around the room, as though he heard something.
“He doesn’t want to talk,” Tony said.
“Are all the gods as nosy as you are?”
Steve could sleep anywhere, and under any circumstances, and soon his breathing evened out.
“I think it’s almost fully dilated,” Steve said.
The thing collapsed around itself and thrashed, and though it still screamed too high or low for him to hear, it seemed like Thor could.
The way they moved made him sick, and they seemed to flow through blind spots in his scanner’s vision, as though they were only partially present.
He received a last, much larger payment right around the time everything seems to have gotten exciting, and he might still be there.”
“Not at all.”
“Seems like it’s been worse since Machen and his team came here.
Still waiting on the Captain.”
Tony was at a loss to explain it, but the sight of those woods seemed to silence everyone.
He swept the light back over the wide ledge, illuminating the hideous goat and Machen still clinging to it.
“Once I get out of here I have no idea if I’ll be able to make myself come back, but they need to be prepared if this goes even further south.”
If they had been in his workshop back home, and Tony hadn’t blown it, those hands would have been rubbing his neck.
A loaded question, no doubt.
“Nat, we can still…” but he found he didn’t know what to say when she looked him in the eye and he saw the tiny blood vessels staining her eyes grey.
Facility unsecured and no sign of the staff.
What could he say to that?
Whatever he had expected, it was not what he saw.
Tony soon tired of clanking down step by step and he and Thor took off into the poorly lit gloom.
He sucked in a last mouthful of air as the vile fluid filled his nose and eyes and felt nothing except the animal will to survive, a stubborn refusal to surrender in her grip.
He squeezed Natasha’s shoulder again and nodded to Steve as he followed Tony out of the room.
“No extraction.
The more details returned to him through the haze of sleeplessness and alcohol, the more he wanted to call in sick to work and hide like a normal person.
Another soaking spray of disinfectant began and two sets of heavy doors clanked shut between them and sealed.
Something dark and fearful flitted over Steve’s eyes before he made himself smile again, and Tony had to wonder how close he had been to dying.
Tony was again glad of the plastic taste of his recycled air.
He might remember later, but at the moment he’d never been so sure of anything.
Something was wrong down here, but Jimmy couldn’t quite place it.
Even though they had their own seats, Thor’s shoulders still crowded into Tony’s space and his friend asked him a question with only his eyes:
“And I’d like to believe that there’s an innocent explanation for what they were researching, but I don’t have faith.”
I will keep watch.”
It made everything he said taste like a lie.
“See what you can get out of this.”
He almost didn’t respond to the routine check in, and then he said we might want to come back as soon as was convenient.
But he’d lost friends down here.
He hated this pompous old prick with his weird untraceable accent.
Every warning in the armor went off at once and then the power died, leaving him blind and deaf to every sound except his own ragged breathing.
“They are in darkness, they are all…in darkness.”
More had come through now, mindless and ancient as the lampreys they resembled.
“You’ll never guess who was holding his leash.”
An old fashioned lantern sat at the figure’s bent knee and gave off a faint light in the dim afternoon.
It left him with only an impression, of the rolling, fluid gait of an octopus and the oily glisten of sinuous appendages trailing a tattered scrap of stained cloth.
“The comm links work in the vacuum of space,” Steve said.
If there’s a breach in your armor, you’re as vulnerable as Clint is.
The blood vessels in the sclera burst and flooded the whites of her eyes with black.
Two entire parties of explorers were lost in the seventeenth century.
“Steve… About last night…”
“Where is the rest of his team?” Natasha asked, but not as if she expected an answer.
He set JARVIS to bypassing the security codes and passwords on the lab’s files while he opened up Agent Carlton’s little black box.
Buckman sent her to a boarding school up north two years ago when he and his wife returned to nurse his mother through the last stages of an aggressive cancer.”
“We have traces of the same black sludge that’s all over the lab here.
You have a central line but you can’t feel it right now.”
“Mhh…” he moaned.
“I don’t know offhand,” Tony said.
Thor was a hugger.
His old truck was there in the lot, usually the only vehicle up at the mine any more, but tonight there was another, a black cargo van with no markings, and three men unloading some bulky dark cases from within.
Black drool ran over his lips and down his chin and he collapsed to his knees.
Drinking with Thor.
“I absolutely would.
He took a last sweep around the room and noticed Steve’s drawing paper on the floor under his neatly made cot.
Maybe for your birthday.”
“Will you wear the dress for me?”
Steve held a cup of water to his lips and let him sip slowly.
Forget Fury, he needed to talk to Steve.
“But it does protect you,” Steve said.
For a few minutes, they listened in silence.
Some of them were even recognizable as footprints.
“I forget, sometimes, that this is the only version of me you’ve ever known.
They want the place back as intact as possible.”
He went back to the door and looked through the plate to where he was still standing on the other side of the decontamination barrier.
Something lunged within the room and gave a wordless, guttural wail, but it pulled to a halt with the scrape and jangle of restraints.
He tried again and still no answer.
Thor went instead and brought out a cot, food and water for him, though he refused to eat and only sipped the water.
“Machen,” he said into his communicator, and Steve met his eyes for an instant before he cocked his arm and threw his shield at the old man.
“Do you think we should take anything with us?” Steve said.
“What are all these?” Steve said.
“I thought the field recorders were supposed to be difficult to tamper with.”
“I guess it’s worth a shot,” Steve said.
It drenched them all and the tentacled horrors disintigrated under the deluge like salt on a snail.
“It might not have been so remote, once,” Steve said.
He swept the beam over the empty space, still unable to get a sense of how big the cavern truly was.
He danced on his many limbs on the very threshold now, arms spread wide to welcome the endless dark into the world.
“I still like hearing it,” Steve said.
Because I’m scared.
“You saw Machen, and that thing at the Buckman’s… What if it gets to us?
He let his face sink into the leaves and pine needles and took Steve’s hand as the first shockwave made the ground pitch and heave.
“Then shall we?” Tony asked.
He broke through the rock with the wonky hammer attachment and the lamplight shone into the sunless dark beyond for the first time in over a hundred years.
“No, that’s not what I want,” Tony said.
The crack of the rifle behind them startled them both, and in the long heartbeat of silence that followed they both heard the wet thump of a body hitting wood.
“I would not encourage such a thing.”
The third shock depleted the taser’s power cells and he diverted more energy away, noting with a moment of concern that his life support systems were already at nearly eighty percent of their capacity just keeping him in decontaminated air.
Mjolnir hung from his left hand so heavy he was almost dragging the head on the ground and black streaks ran through the prominent veins of his arms and neck.
Unable to see, hear, smell or even breathe, he still felt the portal pulling him in, ready to enfold him in the endless, godless dark of Mother’s realm, his own life and will no more significant than a candle flame at the bottom of the ocean.
“And I’m sorry I pushed you.
Thor and I will stay here to keep an eye on things.”
, Tony wanted to say.
Thor, please.”
Is this aliens?”
“What are they?” Steve said, his voice tense, as he stared blind into the deep dark of the tunnel.
“I found them in one of the medical suites upstairs.”
He shocked it again as the one on his back tried to pull him off balance— and toward the edge of the chasm.
“Good.”
He had hurled it into a snowy wood one drunken, angry night, and in the sobering light of day had never managed to find it.
The man had sealed it in a plastic pouch and set it with the end of the bag tucked neatly under it next to his gun.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said and sat down without further excuse or explanation.
“I’ll put it on my list of things to work on.”
He didn’t want to know, but he scanned them for vitals.
“I swear if we find CROATOAN carved into anything, I am out of here,” Tony joked.
Can we stop it?” Natasha looked up, at Thor and Tony and Steve, and over to the wall where Clint muttered and struggled.
Even the moonlight felt cleaner, though it threw long shadows from the trees.
He reached his remaining human hand to his temple.
“And yet you doubt Her power.
It wants me.”
“Can you get us out of here?” Steve asked.
“You don’t need to find him.
Tony was excessively glad he couldn’t smell anything.
Steve.
Even Thor started to bring his free hand up to his ear, but there was nothing audible to block.
Tony held out his right hand and Steve took it.
He landed before the rest of the team entered the building.
“I’m thinking something blue.”
“And get Thor back to the lab.”
Sarah did not close her eyes as she died, but Tony still saw the life leave them.
The closed door appeared seamless and had no visible locking mechanism at all.
Tony still caught a slight difference.
“Nothing fancy.
I think I can get our communications back online so we don’t have to go back out to the jet, and I could use your help with the decryption.”
CONTAMINATION DETECTED blinked rapidly beneath the main scanner and a numeric pad appeared for an override code that none of them knew.
He shook his head again and climbed toward the faint light of the idling suit.
The impenetrable, immeasurable darkness below him remained mute, too uncaring for his grief to even gloat, and he could no longer bear to peer into it.
“I have the serum.
Nice of you to join us,” Fury drawled.
“I don’t think we’re going to find anyone alive up here,” he admitted.
She sounded scared.
A low, almost melodic hiss filled the room.
“Though I agree it is speech.”
He wanted a plan, or at least something to build, but there was nothing about this he could plan for.
“What is that?” he asked, pointing at the altimeter.
Though crude, the demented artist who had executed the thing had clearly had a talent.
They landed next to each other and stood to watch the thing die.
“We can’t leave them out here alone.”
“It would be nice to find them alive,” Steve agreed.
“Ma’am, we aren’t here to hurt you,” Steve said.
“But we need…” Fury held up his hand, palm out, and ducked his head.
“None listed,” Tony said.
It was brighter down here as there were more emergency lights, but it was still dim and shadowy.
“Thor,” Tony said.
With death, or worse than death, almost certain in the hours ahead, they both found a center of calm.
If you cannot see it, at least trust that he does.”
“Fine, but we don’t have to continue the analogy,” Tony conceded.
Nothing useful.
Not even the familiar sweaty, greasy comfort of his lab wear to provide him with a shield, no tiny bulwark of ego or pretense of identity to hide behind.
They also did not stop in the room with the ominous stained table and walls.
He wanted to go home and sleep, maybe even in his bed with Sarah, but even out on the couch with the light of the TV sounded good right now.
“There are many things the townsfolk do not know, and many that they know but do not speak.
Clint did as Steve asked and they approached the man.
He fired the boots to give him some thrust and leapt up, kicked his legs out straight and hammered the thing on his back between the slime-fouled stone and his shoulders.
Anything he might see couldn’t be worse than the deep, whispering darkness of the place.
It reminded Tony of the awful thing they’d seen emerge from Agent Carlton, but much larger.
It seems like it was a real scandal that he converted the natives and encouraged people to intermarry with them.”
