“Damnit, Sam.” He bit his tongue till he tasted blood. “Just do what I said, okay? You can see me when it’s over. Okay?”
Bela cocked her eyebrow. A few people in the audience actually fucking gasped. Sam’s mouth had fallen open. Bobby had stopped dead. Dean saw it all, but he didn’t look. Rigid as a rock, he stared straight into that pair of black eyes.
Castiel might be “proof” for Bobby and Sammy that God is right here with them. It isn’t for Dean. Dean hasn’t believed in Him less.
Anniversary is quickly approaching. Fifty years of peace, and prosperity, and overwhelming success!”
She makes a show of threading her fingers into the paper, like a hand model on a niche porn site. On any other day, that thought might make him laugh, but, right now, it just makes him sick. After all, what are he and Tessa but porn stars? Sex isn’t the only thing that sells. Fifty years of this shit proves it.
There were two kinds of Capitol trains: the ones that came through every other week to collect the grain harvests, and the ones that came through maybe once a month, tops, straight from the Capitol.
In the past forty-eight hours, Cas has done all of those things. And, yet… well, here they are. On a park bench, in broad daylight, watching kids play on a swing set. They might as well be holding fucking hands.
His whole body jerked. He barely refrained from kicking the chair out from behind him. Instead, he clenched his fist and settled for shoving a single, shaking finger between his brother’s eyes. “That ain’t gonna happen.”
fucking not Cas. This is his last hoorah, and anybody who even pretends to know him should know that.
It says it like it’s some big proclamation. Like he’s suddenly gonna drop his weapons and go, “Oh, God has
“They’ll be here,” he mutters. “I bet Gabe just got distracted by some of his models or something. They know how important this is.”
From the sludge, a thing moved. A small thing. A tiny, near-microscopic being, slimy and amorphous in its countenance. It squished as it flopped along the shoreline, slow and awkward in its attempts to reach the ground. Castiel, no less awkward in the near-corporeal from he’d adopted as soon as he hit the Earth, surged forward. This thing was not an enemy. It was hurting. It needed his help, he was sure of it.
One of the missing people was an elderly woman who lived alone at the edge of town. Another was a teenage boy who’d made a habit of running away. Neither were very good leads. They were banking on the third. Elle Fairbanks had been tending the bar the night she went missing, meaning that there was a building full of people who might have noticed something off. That was as close to a lead as they were likely going to get.
The drone camera zoomed in closer. The name “Sam Winchester”, perched between two manicured fingernails, filled the screen.
A few feet away, Gabe seems to sense his oncoming death, and stares up at Dean. The little bastard has the fucking nerve to
As always, Tessa didn’t disappoint. Emma still looks young, so fucking young that it makes his stomach clench, but
But, today, everything has taken on a blurry, rainy window quality and even his skin smells like whiskey. He hasn’t slept for thirty-seven hours. He hasn’t put down the bottle in sixty-five.
He checked the coast a second time, just to be sure, then dropped the duck in the grass where it wouldn’t be seen. He didn’t bother knocking at the hut—he just strode right in. The door clicked shut behind him.
green. That’s really all he can think to say about it. Ain’t hard to figure out what Balthazar’s goal was—the fabric he made this thing out of is some kind of practically-liquid silk that perfectly matches the color of Dean’s eyes—but it’s about as far from subtle as anyone could get.
For the first time since Lucifer’s big announcement, he lets the full knowledge of his plan sink in. Cas is gonna live. Dean will damn well make sure of that. But Dean himself?
Emma, meanwhile, is passed out cold in her room. She started hyperventilating when they boarded, and Dean gave her his special Tribute’s recipe to calm her down: half a glass of whiskey with Sleep Aid crushed up inside it. The first time he had to do it was a twelve-year-old boy who’d broken down crying and actually started ripping his hair from his head. Before then, Dean thought that kind of thing only happened in those old fucking movies that only he seemed to watch anymore. Dean was 23 and had no fucking idea how to help, so he’d done the first thing he could think of and crushed his own insomnia meds into the nearest bottle of liquor he could find. Kid passed out like five minutes later.
There's mashed potatoes, fried potatoes, boiled potatoes, fries. A fruit platter even Dean finds himself ogling that he’s sure would make Sammy cum in his pants. Two plates piled high with different kinds of chicken. A whole roast pig with a fat, unnaturally red apple stuffed up its snout. Five different kinds of pies.
His first reaction, upon touching ground, was awe. If “awe” could, indeed, describe such a sensation sufficiently. Much as his Father’s light had done all those eons ago, the Earth in all its glory was overwhelming. Mystifying. The colors he’d seen from a distance were so much richer, brighter, in person. The air touched his grace like a gentle whisper, even as it wailed and howled around him. It smelt lively and thick and fresh. Had he the need for air, he surely would have been breathless.
Bobby didn’t smile. Or snort. Or roll his eyes. He just stood there, arms glued to his sides the same as Dean’s. They didn’t have to—the hall was narrow, but not
With a growl, Dean stepped around the desk and backed her into the wall. He put his own hand behind her head, mostly to keep himself from hitting her, but also to be sure her head didn’t bounce against the wood. Much as he wanted to, he couldn’t afford to bruise her.
For a long time, Dean doesn’t move. Doesn’t breathe. A loose piece of the broken communicator cuts into his shoe, someone is saying his name, but those things might as well be happening a thousand miles away.
Bigger things. Bigger concerns. Bigger than Dean. Bigger than anything. He said the A word, and Castiel didn’t argue.
“What did he do?” He doesn’t look away from his brother, and no one answers. “Balthazar, what the fuck did Cas do?”
As usual, the crowd is silent. The only difference this year is that it’s only the women in the crowd who look terrified. The men just look sad and stony. A very dark part of him wants to grab the mic and shout, “Taking one for the team this year, boys, death’s on me!” But he doesn’t do that, either.
That accent, the faint lilt that made her sound like Capitol trash, broke him out of his trance. True to her word, she'd hit the gym as soon as they were checked in at the hotel, a monstrosity of a thing that solidified Dean's initial idea of a chrome prison. He'd barely seen her at all in the three days since. Even at meals, they just grabbed their food and went back to their rooms. He'd actually forgotten how annoying she was.
But there was one other thing that set it apart from every other planet. Of all the planes in existence that Castiel in his infinite wisdom could conceive, only this one planet, this imperfect orb of blue and brown and green, had been chosen by God to sustain mortal life.
Across the floor, Sam’s spine was rigid, eyes wide like a cornered animal, that damn wrinkle still pressing against his brows. Dean bit back the burn in his throat and clapped him in the shoulder. It wasn’t like there was any comfort he could give him, and it wasn’t like that thought didn’t tear him to pieces. Better instead to pretend that this was just any other day.
He shuddered, struggling to force himself upright again. Trixie, meanwhile, bounced away, the deadly glint in his eye shifting back to that blank, uninterested glee from before.
On the monitor, the manufactured “awws” from the crowd have finally died down. The Capitol Stooge grins at them, then gives a subtle nod to the camera. It zooms back into focus on just his face.
And that’s the worst part, isn’t it? He knows he fucking deserves to go back down there, but just the thought of it has him two seconds from falling to his knees and begging like a damn baby. He deserves every second of it, but, fuck, he doesn’t
Fucking frustrating as it is, it makes sense that Sammy believes in this God and angels bullshit. The good people who believe in God believe it because they’re too friggin’
“Good, the prodigal son is returned and well-rested,” she sneered. “Can we talk now? What’s our plan?”
, both with a grid pattern that reminds him of wheat grains. Glitzy enough to help him blend in, subtle enough to tell everyone just where the fuck he comes from.
Against Dean’s palm, still lingering on the shirt pocket, the guard’s heart beats a little faster. Dean winks, gives the pocket another pat, then takes a step back. The guard actually hovers after him like he thought they were gonna kiss. If Dean wasn’t so happy, he might puke.
Before Dean could ask them anything else (like whether or not they could stick their heads any farther up each other’s asses, for example), they clicked the rest of their bags shut and clopped away. As they reached the door, the first one clicked a button on the wall, triggering red laser lights behind her. Dean snorted—he’d already scoped the room out, he knew there was only one door down that hallway. Keeping him locked in the death spa or whatever it was just overkill.
“Forgot to ask earlier,” he said, “but about that: who’s taking up your post for District 6 anyway?”
Bones creaking more than they should have, he picked himself up and strolled through the knee-high grass. The field tapered off at the end, leading to the main road where the farmers hauled their crops day-in and day-out. The only other road in the district, the one used for machinery, intersected it just a few yards away. A square stone hut sat at the juncture, still churning out smoke from its chimney. He wasn’t late, then.
Dean spins on his heel. From the depth of the voice, he’s expecting to see a giant near Sam’s size, some bouncer ready to break up a fight before it starts. To his surprise, he overestimated, and his gaze falls solidly on a sleek comb-over. He takes a step back and drops his eyes.
They’re just brown. No funky colors like he’d have expected. But the narrow, calculating glint lets him know that height ain’t the only thing he’s underestimated with this one. He smells like Capital filth.
not suspicious. This thing is all-knowing, the fuck is he trying to pull with this “made aware” bullshit?
His eyes trail over a few of the women in the way. In a different place, a different circumstance, there are a few he’d be all over right about now. Mile-high thighs and tits he’d just about pay to suck on. Every inch of them is fake, but he doesn’t care. He’s just interested in getting off. At least it would be something to do. But he knows these kind of ladies, and, nice as they are to look at even now, he knows better than to give them a shot. He remembers all too well what they’re like.
Castiel tilted his head. He felt sure that he’d missed something, simple as Dean’s statements were. “Convincing?”
Dean glanced over his shoulder. If Sam kept going, he might end up taller than Dean, but he’d never be as big. As strong. His little brother was thin, and weedy, and awkward in the way that all teenage boys were. His fingers weren’t calloused, or dirty, or cut. He’d never so much as touched a knife, not even when he tried to help Dean cook.
He pours himself another shot, taking a second to swill it around in the glass. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes. Dean waits for the other shoe to drop. Bobby doesn’t disappoint.
The trolley/rickshaw thing is already waiting for them outside, fully automated and self-driving. Why they can’t just walk to the center of town is fucking whatever, but Dean’s joints are stiff from sleeping in all the wrong places for the past few days, so he takes it without a word. Tessa climbs in beside him, Balthazar across. They don’t look at each other or say anything.
“Well, he knows how to answer the damn thing, so he better not try some stupid excuse.” He thinks back to showing Cas how to use the comm in the first place, and his head hurts from the pressure of trying not to laugh at the memory.
Dean snorts. “Listen, you’re a site for sore eyes, Bobby, but I ain’t in the mood to give a striptease.”
This time, when his eyes flutter open, he recognizes it for what it is. And he realizes the mistake he made earlier.
“Fun as that sounds, you know that ain’t how the Games work. Gotta give ‘em some spunk, some pizazz!”
Outside the door, another guard jangled at the lock. Dean gritted his teeth and looked away—from Sam, from the door, from all of it. Their ten minutes were up.
, the doors slid open right in front of them. Standing in the middle, eyes on her fingernails, was the woman from the Capitol who’d read out their names.
Castiel keeps staring at him. Into him. Through him. But, for just a split second, he might as well not even be there. All Dean sees is Alastair. All he sees is the rack, and all of the godforsaken demons that spanned its depths. Every pair of black eyes. Every river of blood. Every broken soul in fire and tar and gunk.
Castiel sighed and heaved himself into the Continental. For not the first time, he wondered what he could have possibly misunderstood.
There was only one chance of denying this. Wings or not, he could still maintain that this is all a trick. Fucking Chris Angel can make fancy shadow puppets. Who the fuck knows what Castiel is capable of?
He couldn’t see if Sam listened. The crowd of white metal suits was suddenly too thick between them. A gloved hand yanked Sam toward the audience. Another dragged Dean toward the stage. There were three, five, eight bodies between them. Everything was just white. Then, Dean’s feet hit the stairs, and all he could see was the black in the bitch’s eyes. She was still smirking at him.
Castiel appraises him in a way Dean wishes wasn’t so familiar. It’s the same look he used to get from teachers in middle and high school, a watered down version of the patented “John Winchester’s disappointed in you” glare. Looks like it’s not only humans Dean lets down. What kind of fuckup does he have to be that monsters are disappointed in him now?
“That ain’t the point, Sam.” He clenched his jaw, counted to three. “It ain’t any of your goddamn business, alright? I take care of you, not the other way around.”
The liquor burned Dean’s throat like nothing he’d ever had before—had to have been brewed inside a shoe, based on the taste—but he didn’t even think about turning it away. No wonder Bobby was in the state he was in.
Speaking of, he spared the one nearest the fence a quick glance. As usual, nobody was there. More often than not, the guards were too busy getting drunk or screwing around to care what was going on in a moldy-ass field. Good or bad, one of the few constants about District 9 was that nobody—not the guards, not the citizens, not the fucking Capitol—cared about it.
The door slammed open, and Sam rushed in, octopus-limbed around Dean before he could so much as stand up. The guard in the doorway didn’t so much as blink.
As if they can read his mind—and Dean honestly wouldn’t be surprised at this point if they could—the drones turn from Emma and scan the crowd. Lydia’s easy to find, tall and stacked with blonde hair that begs to be tugged. He almost smirks, but then the cameras get a little closer, and he gets a better look. She doesn’t look like any other mom he’s seen in this District. And not just because she’s still built like an Amazon. She doesn’t look sad, or surprised. It’s like she expected this. Wanted it. She doesn’t look happy, but she almost looks proud.
It is no wonder, then, that Castiel found himself inexplicably drawn to a different creation entirely.
He never slept the night before Reaping Day. Even before he was old enough to have his name drawn, it just wasn’t something he was capable of. He’d close his eyes, roll over in his cot, and see nothing but bloody kids screaming on their knees. Every now and then, if he managed to drift off enough, those kids turned into Sammy.
“Alright, alright, enough with the chick-flick moment. Just go pluck the damn thing while I start the fire, kay?”
If it’d been Sam in his place, Dean would’ve been cracking all kinds of jokes. “Nice look, Jolly Green, I’ll be sure to eat all my veggies. Think the competition’s gonna worry about you Hulking out on stage?” It would have been weak, but it’s all Dean knows to do.
With a grunt, he leaned further across the bar and said, “I suppose that depends on what you know. And I would greatly appreciate you sharing with me.”
Tessa taps once on her mic, the noise of five-hundred crinkled potato chip bags in surround sound thanks to the speakers, and Dean thinks, “This is it—guess this is the first year I’ll actually puke at one of these things.”
The woman Gabe was chatting up has wandered off, but a glance over his shoulder tells him she’s still in hearing distance. So are both of the men hanging off her arms. Dean doesn’t recognize either of them, but he knows enough to spot a bigwig when he sees one. They’ve got Lucifer’s smarm dripping out their assholes.
His baby brother took a deep breath, then relaxed under Dean’s hand. Not all the way, never all the way, but enough to make Dean’s stomach slide down his throat a little. Dean gave him another clap, grateful beyond any words he could say even if he wanted to, then held out the canvas jacket that counted as Sam’s best outfit.
Balthazar ignores him. If Dean was a little more awake, he’d be pissed at how casually the dude just rips off his clothes and tugs him into new ones like a damn doll. At least Gabe had the decency to let Dean dress himself. Usually.
He’d never describe Bobby and Tessa as cold. They just know a lost cause when they see one. They know who’s worth putting their effort into.
Dean smacked him—maybe a little rougher than he should have—across the mouth. “Don’t even go there.”
. Not like the iridescent ultraviolet of his wings, or the invisible glow and pulse of grace that shimmered along the edge of each brethren’s forms. These colors were solid, opaque, and had to be
Dean blinked. That second of hesitation, confusion, was more than enough to buy her what she needed. With a starlet smile, all shiny white teeth and full lips, she jerked their hands high, palms pressed together and fingers interlaced.
These two will be a definite problem. Even without the energy vibrating off them, they’re District 2, and that’s always cause for concern. But his eyes are trained to look for weaknesses as much as strengths, and it doesn’t escape his notice that the two aren’t standing back-to-back like the other Tributes. In fact, there’s a solid foot of space between them.
The Winchesters have never been big on allies. At least, the last two generations haven’t been. John had contacts, contacts that he passed down to Sam and Dean, but those aren’t the same thing. Contacts call you to give you a tip, or point you in the right direction to find the ammo to kill some hyped up bastard. Allies give you the tip in person and ride out to face the trouble with you.
“Yeah,” he huffs, as if it wasn’t already obvious. Still, he gestures at the glass bottles behind him. “I need a drink. You want anything?”
He’s not exactly alert, especially not as much as he should be today, but, somehow, there’s a piping mug of coffee in his hands, and that’ll have to be enough. He manages to down the whole thing before they reach the upstairs bathroom closest to them. He starts to demand another, but Sam shoves him into the shower before he can finish—no words, just a grim frown. He curses—loudly—but nothing past that. Even half awake, he knows not to be too much of a douche today. Besides, it’s not the best shower he’s ever had, but it’s still a shower, and he needs to savor it while he can. Good water pressure, steam even hotter than his coffee. It feels good to wash off the dried spit and sweat and liquor clinging to his skin. He’ll be needing to wash off more than that all too soon.
For a second, Dean’s mind flashed back to the bodies in the woods, the scent of burning flesh while Dad tended the fire. He thought about the blood, and the eyes, and everything—thank
“Four years.” Dean ripped the now-dry dish towel off of the fireplace/oven/stove in the corner. “Gotta get you through this, too.”
And the first step there, whether Dean ever voices it or not, is wiping this good-for-nothing angel out of existence.
She licked her lips, soft and pale pink. “Come on, boy. You want to make a deal with me, you know what you have to do.”
“Thanks.” He laughed, dry and humorless, as he plucked the final feather from the bird’s neck. “And may the odds be ever in my favor.”
He looks away. And then, standing next to a punchbowl that reeks of sugar and vodka even from across the yard, he sees him.
,” he puts all the disgust he genuinely feels into that single word, “fucked up, buddy. I’m not exactly Moses here.”
The doors slam shut, and the nonexistent driver speeds the limo toward the parking zone off to the side. Tessa clips the black and white lace nailstrip that controls the remote controller onto her middle finger, holding it till it cures to her polish. When Dean catches her eye, she winks. He smirks—her rebellions are little, but, at least from her, they still count.
The chariot for District 7 did its little victory lap at the front of the queue before shuffling off to the side with the other odd numbers. That was their cue. The
One of the guards rolls two fishbowls onto the stage. The one on the right is stuffed full, loose slips of paper crammed in and still threatening to fly out in the breeze. The one on Dean’s side is completely empty. Almost, anyway.
As for the Capitol trains, well, Dean didn’t have nearly as much experience, but he couldn’t say he was a stranger to them, either. John was a victor, and that meant the occasional politicking with the Capitol and rubbing elbows with the other Districts. John hated it, and he made no secret about it, but it wasn’t like he had much of a choice. Everyone knew that Sam and Dean would be good as dead if John refused to keep playing their games.
of meeting her once.” He rolls up the sleeve of his flannel. His skin is pinched with a scar that looks suspiciously like a bitemark. Dean can’t help but sneer a bit—“bitch” is right, it seems. “She doesn’t do allies, she doesn’t do strategy. She goes in for the kill, and she’s got the skill to back that kinda thinkin’ up. My advice? Get as far away from her as quick as you can once you’re in there. And the same advice goes for our last two ‘friends’.”
When the light from the frosted glass windows started turning orange, Dean figured he’d waited long enough. With a groan, he hoisted himself off the mattress, rolled his shoulders, and left the room.
With a sigh, he hip checks the sensor by the door and slips back in. Just like the halls, the room is silent. The monitor’s on, some Capitol weather anchor moving her lips without volume. The blue evening lights are turned down low.
That was as much as he could get out. Before he could finish, Jerome had set upon him, pressed flat against his chest with one hand curled into Castiel’s hair to drag him deeper into the unexpected kiss.
If Dean didn’t know it wouldn’t do him any good, he’d slap the thing. But, then, it doesn’t really seem to be jerking him around, either. Dean asked it a question. The thing just answered literally. Can’t really blame it for that, even if it pisses him off.
But Cas is an angel. Harp, wings, halo—angel. Reading between the lines, he’s been around at least since the Sodom and Gomorrah incident (which, apparently, actually happened, and ain’t that a kick in the ass). He can send people back in time. Fuck, the dude stormed Hell itself and survived. And Dean doesn’t remember anything about that (but damn if Dean wishes he did, if only to knock out some of the other memories), but he knows that Cas went in with a full troop of winged crusaders. Cas is presumably the only one who made it out. He might look like a dork down here, but he’s a freaking badass where it counts.
Back then, though, near the beginning of Creation, he held both his tongue and his post without complaint. Not that anything truly warranted complaint. Heaven was vastly different from the ether he’d first inhabited. It was regimented, defined. Every pillar, every step, every room had its place and purpose—nothing was extraneous or unused, nothing fell free. He never tired, nor did he hunger. If he wanted company, there were thousands of other angels he could call upon at a moment’s notice. If he wanted to be alone, he needed only sit at Heaven’s gates. Heaven was perfect, and he was its steely, silent watchman.
Softly, more than he’d done since both of them were babies, he pushed Sam away. His legs shuddered when he stood to his feet, but he locked his knees, set his jaw. It was as automatic as the machines he worked on every day—Sam didn’t need to see past it.
Castiel smirks. Not quick enough, though. Expressionless as this thing is, Dean’s starting to get the hang of it. He saw that a few of his barbs landed. He’s not sure which ones, but, at this moment, he doesn’t care.
She spoke so fast she almost stuttered on the last word. Ruby’s eyes flickered toward Bela over the top of her magazine, a little sneer on her top lip and in her eyes. It had been growing since Bela started talking, but this was the first time she’d stopped what she was doing to show it. Apparently, she was just as put off as Dean was by her attempt at a Capitol accent.
Bobby snorted. “Pissed, more ‘an anything. Raised some high hell about them not having the right to draft her. Not that that stopped them. And not that that stopped her.”
Wobbling, he picks himself up off the couch and staggers over to the liquor cabinet. It and his soft, foamy mattress are about the only things that make this damn house worth living in. It’s too damn big for just him. Having Sam here for the past week has been both a blessing and a cruel reminder—before Luci’s announcement, he almost forgot that Sam didn’t actually live with him. Now, he wonders if Sam ever will again.
Bobby snorts and swirls his drink. “I’d rather use the opportunity to ring his neck if we can get that close to him before curtain call. But whatever floats your boat.” He slides the second glass of scotch Dean’s way, and by the smirk under his scraggly mustache, Dean knows all he did was buy himself a couple seconds, not cut the conversation off entirely. And, sure enough, “I take it that’s what you were doing out there roaming the halls. Slim pickins for date night around here, unless you already got a date in mind.”
Dean looked around the courtyard. He didn’t recognize the name, but that didn’t mean much—he didn’t recognize most people. He preferred it that way. Finally, a short brunette near the back stood up. To Dean’s surprise—and, yeah, a little amusement—she looked more irritated than upset, like her biggest concern about having to participate in the Games is that it would screw up her social calendar.
Taking care to avoid his eyes in the mirror, he ruffles up his hair a little extra and spikes the front with gel. Pops the collar of his jacket so it hangs away from his neck, showing off the cords and muscle. The shirt he’s wearing is plain, black, and about three sizes too small. It hugs his chest and rises up every time he breathes to reveal a slip of skin around his waist. His jeans are just as tight. Dean even took the time to work himself up a little before pulling them on to give a noticeable but not obvious glimpse of the bulge between his thighs.
Dean hadn’t moved since they escorted him and Bela into the Justice Building. He didn’t know where they’d put her—there weren’t too many rooms in the concrete condo—but he would’ve been lying if he’d said he’d given it much thought. He’d be lying if he said he’d given anything at all much thought.
He reached out his hand for Dean’s. Reluctantly, he tossed it over, too. It wasn’t real, but it was still a gun, and Dean couldn’t deny that he felt a hundred times more comfortable with it in his hand.
“Alright, well, that’s still enough to get started with.” Bela swung her legs over the couch to take a seat across from Dean and Bobby at the bar. “I always received excellent marks in my athletics classes, so that won’t be an issue, and I have excellent aim. I’m already planning to exploit that for ranged weapons. But I need pointers on hand-to-hand combat and survival skills. I’m not about to die from a knife to the back or some poisonous berry, if there even are any where we’re going.”
Half an hour after the Reaping, maybe 15 minutes after the guards ushered Sam back home, Dean looked up at the first Capitol train he’d seen up close since John died and realized he remembered none of it. The silver bullet train with its shiny sheet windows might as well have been a brand-new invention.
He feels Gabe clench up behind him a second before he fades into the crowd. A muscle in Dean’s jaw twitches—good a hunter as Dean is, there’s no way he’s finding Gabe again tonight.
Jerome pushed off of him with a cough, a string of saliva hanging between his mouth and Castiel’s. Unthinking, Castiel severed the line with his tongue. Jerome gulped, visibly, his already dark eyes growing darker. Castiel strongly suspected that it was only the sound of both brothers clearing their throats that reminded the boy they’d been interrupted.
“Yeah, well, I say a lot of things.” Sam opened his mouth, but Dean stepped right into his face. “Sammy, I swear to God. Just answer the damn question.”
Sam kicked him in the back of the leg, no real heat or strength behind it. The bitchface slid off just long enough for him to smile, really smile. Dean found himself returning it.
Dean sinks into the couch. A dozen thoughts run through his head, none of them particularly helpful. But he keeps going back to one—how the hell am I gonna get Cas outta this one?
Dean waits until the sound of his stupid fucking shoes gets muffled by the carpet. When he finally breathes, he sags against the wall with both hands in his hair. Sam is standing in front of him in two seconds.
She didn’t answer. Instead, she hefted herself into the chariot, fluffing her hair and readjusting her hat as she did. Dean huffed, then jumped in after her.
They were up to 6 now. Ash and Jo. The guards through the hall kept him from getting to talk to either of them, but he could make them out just fine. The kids from 7 were shaking, trying hard to smile and epically failing at it if their reflection in the mirror was anything to go by. The kids from 8 still looked pissed, but they’d turned that anger on each other instead of Dean and Bela. Both of their chariots started moving forward, Dean and Bela’s right behind them. The lights from the arena got brighter. A pit opened up in the center of Dean’s stomach—give him a monster any day, a whole football team of people to flirt with and fuck, but put him in front of a crowd when he’s not distracted by the thought of Sammy getting hurt? Yeah, that wasn’t something he was prepared to deal with.
And, then, it was over. The chariots turned and went off in separate directions, each into a different hole cut into the side of the stadium. The gate slammed behind them. The chariot slowed. Bela and Dean slid out the back. Bobby and Ruby stood at the end of the hall, half-hidden in the poor lighting.
Before he could do anything else, the trumpets blared overhead. Up at the front of the queue, the chariot holding the Tributes for District 1 rambled off. The roars from the stadium were deafening, even from near the back of the line. A few seconds passed, then the chariot for District 2 followed.
Actually, it wasn’t that bad, either. No Capital propaganda or presidential bullshit, just some fashion show. All the men and women on screen had long limbs, long necks, long nails. A few of them even had tattoos on their skin patterned like giraffe pelts. Dean found his eyes narrowing at them. On their own, they might have been pretty, even the men. With the animal skin grafts, they looked like a new breed of monster. Just another mutated fuck he’d need to eventually put down. Trash.
it. He wouldn’t have been able to focus on their words for anything, but at least it was something. At least it was noise. He didn’t know if he’d be able to deal with this in silence.
Before Dean can muster up anything to say, Gabe shoves him out of the way and extends his hand, grabbing the newcomer’s and shaking it forcefully. Neither of them miss how the man stares at his hand after as if he’d just shoved it up that stuffed pig’s butt and wipes it off on his pants pocket.
what they remember about you.” He threw himself bodily into the chair across from Dean’s cot. “But, sure, why not? Trixie it is.”
And, just like that, he’s back on autopilot. His voice comes out without any thought behind it. He finds himself winking, eyeing Castiel up and down like he would the best talent in a strip club.
“Screw that. Sorry, but you ain’t quite my type, sweetheart,” he drawled. “I don’t like ‘em soulless.”
He’s about three yards out when the guy acts like a human instead of a statue and reaches for the baton on his belt.
The old man looked thoroughly unimpressed. “Figures. And here I thought Sam inherited John’s stubborn streak.”
“No, ya idjit.” He rolls his eyes, then digs out a flat disk from his back pocket. It looks older, even older than Bobby, and the glass square in the center is scratched all to hell. “Better.”
A part of him, a not-so-small part, wanted to do something childish like trip her on her way out the door. Or maybe finally make good on his internal promise to bitch slap her. Dean couldn’t find it in him to move for either, though. The glare off the water had faded, and they were finally close enough to get a good view of the city on the other side.
He was used to using the “big brother” tone, had been since well before Dad died. He was also used to not feeling an ounce of the confidence that tone mustered up. He was going to make it through the Games—that wasn’t a question, it was a
“Touchy, touchy.” Something in Dean’s face must say that he’s not putting up with any bullshit, cause that’s the only comment Balthazar makes. With a roll of his eyes, he plants his feet and turns so he’s facing both brothers equally. “Lucifer found out that you aren’t quite as dead as he’d been led to believe, Sam.”
Anniversary Games—should any district have no living victors, the necessary male and/or female Tribute will be Reaped from a pool of all of that District’s citizens. In order to make the competition more fair, no restrictions shall apply; any citizen above the age of twelve may be Reaped.’”
“I’m well aware. Moses has been dead for thousands of years. And he was able to witness a manifestation of my Father’s light without injury. A personal visitation from the Host wasn’t necessary.”
His interruption comes with a cheesy little shit-eating grin that Dean’s about half a second away from punching off. But his eyes glint, gold steel and dangerous, and Dean holds back. He’s smart enough to know when Gabe’s playing stupid. He knows enough to see the warning.
And there it is. That fucking smirk from before. Dean wishes he felt anything other than empty. That he could get up the nerve to punch it off Castiel’s face. But there’s no air in his lungs, and the room feels like it’s shrinking, and he’s lived nearly 70 years all told and
“We’re good for ten minutes. It’s old, so the signal’s shit to begin with. Remember that cassette player you made into a walkie talkie?” Dean smirks, surprised—he didn’t think Sam ever thought about their first attempt at long-distance communication. “Well, I took a lesson from your book. Old tech works, man. Besides, I’ve got the thing scrambled to a stretch in the center of the Atlantic. If anyone’s watching and they even manage to tap into the line, all they’re gonna see and hear is fish.”
“Anyway, the hell are you doin’ going out of bounds? Thought Ellen told you last year to cut that shit out.”
Tessa—long-since retired as the Master of Ceremonies and now acting as District 9’s ambassador, chauffeuring children off to their deaths—showed up just a few hours ago. She gave him a look when she came in, just as somber and sympathetic as always, but didn’t say anything. He appreciates that, too. He wouldn’t trust anyone else with her job.
It kills him, fucking eviscerates him, but he takes a deep breath, unclenches his fists, and looks back down. His blood still boils.
“Why do you think we’re here?” Castiel continues, softer now, almost gentle. “Walking among you, now, for the first time in 2000 years?”
Dean’s gut clenched. He hadn’t even thought of District 11. Trust Bobby to remember what even he forgot. Granted, the odds of Cassie Robinson getting reaped were slim to none. She didn’t have any skin in these Games like Sam and Dean did, she kept her nose clean, and she was just one year away from aging out, too. But that wasn’t a certain guarantee, and a certain guarantee was the only thing that would set Dean’s nerves to rest. He already had Jo to worry about.
If Bobby and Sam have anything to say to that, they know well enough to keep it to themselves. To thank them for it, Dean swings himself over the back of the couch, sets his game face on, and gestures to the TV screen Bobby’s angling the remote at.
“Fine, fine, ya caught me. Can’t blame me for tryin’ though, right?” He pitches his voice a little lower, loud enough to reach the guard’s ears but soft enough that it won’t reverberate through the hall. The walls echo, and he’s been burned by that before. “I want to get a message out.”
That’s how he found himself on a barstool fifteen minutes later, trench coat stuffed in the trunk of the Impala and his hair artfully restyled by Dean. The moment reminded him of the previous year, when Dean had helped him get ready for what he’d thought would be a date with Nora. He said as much. Sam quirked an eyebrow, one corner of his mouth arched up in a half-smile. Dean paled and muttered at Cas to shut up.
He doesn’t turn around. His eyes are glued to the broken glass. Everything in his brain has screeched to a standstill like rusted machinery. He’s too old for this shit. He’s too damn old for all of this shit.
Dean’s had a few kids panic on his watch and make stupid mistakes because of it, but he’s never had one from his District who straight-up didn’t fight. Doesn’t mean he hasn’t seen it before, though. There’s always one, usually from the lower Districts. Some knobby-kneed, pimple-faced kid who can’t speak, or move, or do much of anything once they get into the arena. He’s never seen anybody clam up this hard this fast, but he recognizes all the signs.
Dean rolls his shoulders and tries to focus on those kids. The girls look real cute with their ponytails and braids. Two of the boys look like they’ve got the same age difference as him and Sam. None of them know how close they came to biting it today.
“Yeah, I beg to differ.” He pounded a couple more times. The door in the hall behind the lasers didn’t budge.
Dean’s head jerked up so quickly that Castiel heard a distinctive pop. Dean, apparently, did not, much less feel it. He leveled his unblinking gaze at Castiel, just as before.
“Where’s the arena this year? Have they enacted any special rules? What do we know about our competition?”
Before the guy can respond—which, weirdly, he doesn’t look like he was going to—Dean turns toward his brother and Jody. Bobby’s apparently taken up where Dean left off, rifling through the remains of the liquor cabinet.
up there. I mean, he exists, he isn’t some bedtime story, but I don’t know a soul who’s actually met him. I’ve .”
“Today’s Reaping will go a little differently,” the guy says. “As I’m sure you’ve noticed, we are sadly missing one of our beloved victors. It is with the utmost regret that I must confirm the rumors I’m sure all of you have heard by now. Two nights ago, Adam Milligan, winner of the 45
Sam shook his head violently, curling into Dean even tighter. He closed his eyes and allowed it for another second. Just one. If he let himself have more, if he let it sink in what had happened, what was
of her wings was barely audible over the pulsating, shimmering light, but it flooded Castiel’s being all the same. A moment later, his grace touched ethereal marble and prismatic reflections, far removed from the pure light he’d been born into.
He’s being as subtle as a trashcan fire, but he doesn’t care. If they aren’t gonna have this conversation out in the open (and, yeah, he admits that it’s a stupid idea, even if it’s the only thing he wants right now), he’s at least gonna get as close to clear answers as he can get. He ain’t in the mood to play codeword.
Taking a note from Sam, Castiel directed his responding nod at a brick near Dean’s head. “Yes. He told me he had some intel to provide me.”
“Better get back out there. Before they notice somebody’s missing. I’ll sneak over after the funhouse so we can talk shop.”
If Dean could get away with it without dislodging his furry toga and showing even more skin, he’d slap himself in the face. All this work trying to reach Cas, and he’s all but forgotten that there are other Tributes out there. He’s a fucking idiot.
That’s been true for most of Dean’s life, but tonight is one of the worst. After this “Rising of the Witnesses” crap, he’ll be surprised if he gets his full four hours anytime soon. He blinks, and it’s Meg. Rolls over, and Henrikson. Counts to ten, and Ronald. Every move, every twitch, conjures up another fucking person he’s let down. Another person whose death he caused.
“Speaking of which, how’re you enjoying my replacement?” Gabe’s eyes rake up Dean’s body from his shoes. If he had any dignity left, he might actually blush about it. “From the looks of things, I put you in good hands.”
“Yeah, ‘okay’. I’ll be just fine, Sammy. And I’ll get out and come back and it’ll be like nothing ever changed.”
To anyone else, Cas probably looks like a badass. Stoic, scratched to hell, the black training uniform stretched tight over his broad shoulders. But that’s not what Dean sees. To Dean, Cas looks… small. Way smaller than Dean is used to. There’s a long gash up one side of his face, bruises on his knuckles, a swelling in his cheek. If Dean didn’t already know that his Reaping was a setup, this would be all the proof he’d need.
The only person who fit that description was the lone bartender. Every few seconds, Castiel felt the man’s eyes fall on him, wide and jittery, before returning to the task at hand. He hadn’t risked taking a closer look in case he turned out to be their culprit, but now, with his focus on crushing ice for a drink, Castiel thought it might be safe.
That was just on screen, though. Up close, they looked like silly school-production props set to fall apart at any second.
For the first time in his whole life, he wished he was stuck in the moldy shed back in District 9 instead.
“That would be preferable.” He tacked on, in what he hoped was a nonchalant way, “Just not the storage room. We might be overheard.”
He lifted the flask, took two solid gulps that should’ve drained the whole damn thing, then curled it back into his fist. With a sigh, he pushed himself off the table and turned around. Dean had to force himself not to wince. Haggard and drawn, Bobby looked even worse than he sounded, beard scruffier than usual and eyes rimmed red and bloodshot. He smelled like he hadn’t bathed in a couple days. Maybe a week. Dean clapped his arm around the man’s neck all the same, and Bobby wasted no time in clutching him back. They both sniffled, then drew away.
Joshua’s form shimmered, urging Castiel to take a closer look. So, he did. The little fish, hobbling and scraped all over, pulled itself past the foam, the rocks, the lacerating reeds. Its body heaved, gills shaking as it tried to breathe. Deep within himself, Castiel still wished to ease its pain. He forced himself not to move, but something must have given him away. He felt Joshua’s stare upon him, curious and perhaps even surprised, but he did not speak, neither to permit nor chastise. Still, Castiel did not like this look—angels had singular purpose, a shared consciousness he was all too aware of in his millions of years of existence. Surely surprise was not a common emotion, much less an accepted one.
And nobody, even John Winchester now, has any right to tell Dean a damn thing about what to do. Full stop.
He held onto that reminder like a lifeline as Bobby staggered upstage, flanked by two guards in their Stormtrooper get-ups and a fancy-ass blonde with near-black eyes. Dean rolled his own—apparently, she liked the new Capitol trend of black-out contacts. Personally, Dean ranked it on the same level as douchebags who wore sunglasses indoors. But he kept his eyes on her and Bobby. It was better than rewatching that reel of John onscreen.
“Abaddon,” Bobby introduces. “Cain’s last mentee, before he hung up the towel for good. Cold-blooded, ruthless little bitch. I’ve only had the
“Listen,” he starts soft, taking both their invitations to pop in front of the laser. “I’m the last fucking person to be saying anything, but keep your head up in here, and smile. They’re all snakes, and they all wanna eat you alive. Don’t let ‘em. You stay with me, or Bobby, or Tessa. Capisce?”
He expected Trixie to keep hopping up and down like a crazy toad, or—better yet—give it up and let Dean get the hell out with at least some of his dignity intact. What he didn’t expect, could never have expected, was to find himself smashed into the wall head-first. He didn’t even have the chance to think about what had happened when a searing pain jolted his shoulder. A pressure point. His legs buckled, and the hand pinching his nerve spun him around. The other sunk into his throat.
Dean shakes his head. Yeah, power outages are a thing, but a train direct from the Capitol shouldn’t be affected by it. Dean’s only ever heard of one Capitol train malfunctioning, and, while that incident involved Cas, too, he sincerely doubts that this is the same situation.
“I am sorry, for what it’s worth.” Balthazar’s shoes clack on the tile. “I had hoped to reach you before the proverbial shit hit the fan. Damned Capitol trains.”
Five seconds is about four more than Dean can handle. Fists clenched—not that that’s gonna do any good, based on how it reacted to bullets and the knife—he makes a wide circle around the thing and heads for Bobby. Castiel either gets the hint or gets bored with the prolonged eye contact, because it finally looks away from Dean and toward the plethora of unused stuff on the nearest table. It pokes at a bag of salt without so much as a flinch, then looks right, apparently taking a special interest in one of Bobby’s sigil books. Dean can’t say that the thing is expressive. It ain’t easy to read at all, and that’s just another thing to hate. But Dean thinks it almost looks… amused.
This time, the man’s skin went red all the way into the collar of his shirt. A nametag to the right labeled him “Jerome”. Castiel filed that away in case they needed it later. Jerome, meanwhile, licked his lips and flexed his fingers against the glass. These, at least, were signs that Castiel recognized. Nervousness.
“Cassie?” For a fraction of a second, he thinks of dark skin and pretty curls and wonders why the hell an ex-girlfriend he hasn’t heard from in over eleven years would send this fop to talk to him. Then, for once, logic actually seeps into his little pea-brain and he gets a different idea entirely. “Wait, are you talkin’ about Cas?”
His palms have to be bleeding as tight as he’s clenched his fists, but he doesn’t break eye contact. Doesn’t look down at all.
pass Dean his flask, though. Dean’s hand shook as he reached out to touch it for the first time, knowing the answer well before it left Bobby’s mouth.
Dean really didn’t need to provide so compelling an argument, though. Strange as it still was to contemplate, Castiel had long given up pretending that he wouldn’t rather spend time with Dean Winchester (and Sam, he supposed) than be anywhere or with anyone else in the universe. He’d said as much to both Winchester brothers a number of times. Every monster they’d come across, even his own brothers and sisters, had pointed it out to them, as well. Still, Dean insisted on giving lengthy explanations for why Castiel should agree to accompany them. He assumed it was yet another human ritual he didn’t understand. So, he fulfilled his part and grumbled a bit before acquiescing. He could almost hear Dean’s relieved smile over the line, the note of joy when he commanded Cas to “burn rubber” and call when he got to town.
He looks away from the screen set up over his head. It doesn’t matter, though. He still sees every second of the clip reel, burned into his brain like a bad tattoo. Lucifer’s voice creeps down his spine as he talks about the evil rebellion and the good citizens’ noble sacrifice. At the words “we honor”, he forces himself to keep from flinching, knowing that seventeen-year-old John Winchester has filled the screen, hands bloody and eyes like fire. He hears “the memory”, and knows that, like every year for the last damn eleven years, his own face has popped up right behind it. Eighteen, muddy, and exhausted. He doesn’t look like Dad in that image. He doesn’t look like much of anything.
Emma nods but doesn’t smile. Dean tries not to, but he still ends up clutching her elbow tighter than he should. It’s more of a reaction than she’s given anybody since the Reaping. He doesn’t take that lightly.
Sam paused. His shoulders were still heaving, his bitchface was still top-grade, but he wasn’t all righteous fury anymore. If Dean hadn’t known him, fucking
“Hey.” He dropped his voice, not enough to sound weak—never, not in front of Bobby—but enough to cut down the weight of the executioner’s block beneath them. “Hey, Bobby? Who is it?”
skin, now that the hangover’s finally kicked in), it all passes in a blur. One second, he’s stepping into the street. The next, there are bright drone lights in his face and that sickeningly familiar Capitol music in his ears.
His dad sold his soul for him, Sam and Bobby fought their best to keep him from going to Hell, but those were all preemptive actions. (Yeah, Dean knows what “preemptive” means—suck it.) Nobody’s ever seen him at the end of his rope and reeled him in. Not succeeded at it, anyway.
But maybe he should. Maybe he should’ve kept spiraling, kept himself from masking up, from protecting himself. He can see in Castiel’s eyes that it hasn’t done him any good. He’s done winning, if he ever managed to win anything in the first place. It’s a losing game from here on out.
Trixie rolled his eyes. “Mister Gamesmaster. Don’t know if you saw him, but he was sitting on Lucy’s right. Smug little yellow-eyed prick.”
Naturally, Castiel assumed he’d be waiting outside as backup, or perhaps investigating the establishment while Sam and Dean distracted everyone. To his surprise, the Winchesters had planned on the exact opposite. If their culprit truly was a rogue angel, then sending in Cas might be enough to smoke them out or make some other mistake. Also, there had apparently been an incident in this particular bar that meant that neither Sam nor Dean would be particularly welcome inside. Judging by the flush on Sam’s cheeks and the smirk on Dean’s mouth, he assumed it was quite the story.
Sam leaned away, pressed up against the moldy wall, and glared right back. “It was your eighteenth birthday, Dean.”
“Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance,” he snaps, bleeding out every ounce of his disgust, his frustration. “You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest!”
His mouth ticks down on one side, slight enough that nobody in the crowd will notice, but Dean does. Promotion his ass. Gabe got himself this job the dirty way. He’s not feeling charitable enough yet to think it might be to keep Cas safe, but he does wonder just what the little dude had to sell of himself to get here.
He glances back up at the couch immediately, even though he can already feel that Sam’s still there. Safe. And, yep, sure enough, he’s passed out cold, hugging the blanket, like they aren’t in the middle of some holy shitshow. Dean finds himself more relieved than annoyed. Sam and Bobby have had a day—they both deserve to sleep it off. Besides, this conversation he just knows is about to happen isn’t something he wants an audience for. Given that Castiel showed up in the kitchen and hasn’t made any move to come closer, he agrees. He’s just standing there. Watching Dean.
Bela waited maybe two seconds. Apparently, her patience was even shorter than Dean’s. With a huff, she straightened her shoulders and followed Ruby into the train. Dean rolled his eyes, shrugged Dad’s jacket a little closer, and went in, too—it wasn’t like he had a ton of other options.
He gives Bobby the stink-eye, which the old man is all too happy to return with a smile. As usual, Sam rolls his eyes and barges on.
. Dean’s dumb and he knows it, but he’s not a total idiot. He knows the score: regardless of how much of a dick the guy is and how thick the stick up his ass has to be, Castiel, Angel of the Lord, saved him.
“I was hoping they’d send you this year,” he said, slamming the door—loudly—behind him. “I like Ellen just fine, but, man, this year… it’s really gettin’ to me. Three muttations this year, and it isn’t even fucking June yet. Got lucky yesterday, though. Just some rabbits and a duck.”
There weren’t any markings on his skin. Nothing monstrous, at least—a tattoo, tribal in nature, stamped his arm right above the elbow. There was nothing particularly dangerous about the Navajo symbol for “bird”. Then again, it was possible that the man was a shaman of some sort, which meant that he might be able to point Castiel in the right direction. The observational skill of shamans and other spiritualists was well-known throughout the Host.
, and said that into his damn face. And Dean can’t make the words go away. Like everything else about Castiel, those fucking words are ringing around in his head like bells, underscored with the screams and sex and surgical noises that he’d promised Sam he couldn’t remember. The fact that he
For John, that made them liabilities, unnecessary weak spots and cannon fodder that got in his way or tried to stop him in the middle of a job. For Dean, they’re more people to protect and, ultimately, let down.
“So you were just out here asking him questions, and he launched himself at you, so you played along to keep him from getting suspicious. Right. Smart. That’s smart. It was, uh… that was real convincing, man. Good job.”
The metal door creaked when he slid it open, the rusty echo of something long past its prime but still swinging on its hinges. If Dean had been into that sort of thing, he would’ve considered it the perfect metaphor, considering who the sole occupant of the room behind it was.
he knew, he just… did. But that’s too close to trusting this thing for his comfort, so he tests Bobby’s pulse all the same. Sure enough, it’s just fine. Ain’t quiet. Ain’t thready. He might as well be sleeping off a hangover.
Dean didn’t manage to keep his surprise to himself. He felt his eyebrow arc and his mouth fall open in surprise. She hadn’t said a word when she was Reaped, and he honestly hadn’t given a single thought to what her voice might sound like. If he had, this sure as fuck wouldn’t have been his first guess.
“Yeah, well… This year’ll be a surprise for everyone then, won’t it? First time for everything. I’m headed to bed. Don’t wait up.”
If Dean didn’t know he was staring at himself, he’d have sworn that the man in the mirror was his personal wet dream come to life. Not that he’d ever admit to it, but, in the confines of his own brain, he could be as honest as he damn-well pleased. He was decked head-to-toe in flannel and leather, the spitting image of an honest-to-God cowboy. His feet were stuffed into a pair of butter-smooth brown leather boots, spurs to the side and silver thread drawing paisley designs across the shafts. His dark blue jeans were stuffed inside, all the better to show off the boots and their design (as well as Dean’s calves, if he had to say so himself). His waist was drawn in with a belt that matched the boots, a turquoise buckle the size of his fist holding the two ends together under a worn serape, and a bolo tie laced around the collar of his black, long-sleeved undershirt. A wide-brimmed, real suede Stetson completed the look.
Bobby coughs, muttering something under his breath about getting something stronger to drink. He dialed in just a few seconds after the TV came on, a hologram of the crotchety old bastard popping up across from the couch. Jody’s sitting beside him, hands shaking around a cup of coffee. Sam called Cas immediately after. His best friend is silent on the other end of his brother’s communicator watch. Not that anyone but Dean seems to notice. Sam’s eyes have been glued on his big brother since the Capitol emblem popped up on the screen.
That need to mess with Cas is just a small part of Dean, though. The rest of him keeps casting glances at the angel over his shoulder and wondering what in the hell changed and when. The last time he spoke to Cas, he’d been reeling in all of the worst ways while Cas straight up threatened to kill Sam if he didn’t stop his extracurricular activities (and okay, apparently Dean isn’t the only one checking boxes in the “Supernatural Allies” column, but at least Dean’s isn’t some demon). Well, the last time they spoke in person, anyway. Dean wasn’t about to mention it to Sam, but he’s spoken to Cas a lot more in his dreams than he has in the real world. After that first time, dude got it in his head that the best way to get ahold of Dean was to invade his.
Sam chuckled a little at his brother’s ineloquences, being sure to swallow the bite that he was eating before speaking, “School was fine. We did some good test prep.” He took another bite, using the opportunity to think about his wording before asking the question on his mind, “Dean... how do you feel about college?”
On his way home, after his far too long shift, he stopped to get some coffee for himself and Sam, walking in to Sam eating breakfast. He handed Sam the coffee, hugging him hello before going off to take a quick shower. He got dressed and herded himself and Sam into the car, driving them to school.
His night job had also gone wrong. He had fallen asleep behind the wheel of a truck full of lumber, and he had crashed into a building, thankfully only barely tapping into it before jerking awake and slamming on the breaks. His boss had said that it was a miracle that he hadn’t hurt anyone, but he still had to fire him. Dean had been miserable when he had gotten home that night, glad that Sam was asleep, so he wouldn’t have to answer any questions.
The lady immediately dropped her bag and started clutching at her arm, “Your new employee hit me! He shouldn’t be allowed behind the register! He’s a disgrace to humanity!”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” the voice boomed through the small motel room as John slammed his way inside, throwing his newest empty beer bottle at the wall and leaving the shattered shards on the floor, “Three calls from your teachers in the last week! They’ve said that if you fall asleep in class again, they’re sending a social worker to check on the house!”
Dean flinched awake and shook his head, wiping the drool off of his cheek as he sat up and tried to rub the sleep out of his eyes, “No... I’m awake. I’m sorry... please don’t call my dad. I won’t fall asleep again.” Some of the kids in class snickered at him being put on the spot, but Dean just brushed it off, instead focusing on his teacher.
Dean flinched at the initial contact, but then he relaxed at the gentle and reassuring touch, managing to catch just enough air to murmur out, “Am... am I getting fired?”
It had been a few days from the incident in Miss Miller’s class, and Dean had been having a harder and harder time staying awake. He had even fallen asleep once in the diner, so Ellen had kindly sent him home with some coffee and some pie, telling him that he could go on vacation for a week. He would still get paid, and he could get some rest and come back in when he was more refreshed and awake. The last thing she wanted was to see him hurt himself.
Dean choked on the bite he was chewing, his eyes going as wide as dinnerplates as he stared at his brother, “What? Uh... I dunno... why? Who said anything about college?” In the back of his mind, he wracked his brain for anything that seemed different with his stuff – any clue that his brother had gone through his bag and found the essays and applications. He couldn’t come up with anything, but he knew that Sam could be sneaky from time to time. His panic, however, kept him from noticing his brother’s strange behavior.
Dean has to deal with the stresses from life while his teacher plants a seed of thought into his head. Unfortunately, he has no time to see it out.
Although, if he was being honest with himself, he was just going to keep the torn-up shoelaces until he couldn’t possibly repair them again. He was raised into the mindset that anything could be fixed with enough duct tape, and shoelaces didn’t seem like the kind of thing to waste money on. He had plenty of better things that the money could go towards. A small shudder ran through his body at the memory of the last time he had used his money unwisely... and how angry John had gotten.
One of Dean’s coworkers, Benny, had heard all of the yelling from where he was working in the back, and he came back out, “What’s going on out here!?”
Dean nodded a little, “Yeah... that makes sense. Just let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.” He then went back to shoveling food into his mouth, desperately trying to get his heart rate within a normal range.
He had managed a lot of things in the eighteen years he had been alive, and a lot of it, he had managed throughout normal teenage drama – plenty of girlfriends who all ended up hating him for one reason or another – while dealing with his own problems, and while hunting on the side. He could handle a lot, and he wasn’t sure whether he was proud of himself for it or not.
On weeknights, he usually only snuck in two hours between the scrapyard and school, and that would work for him. With enough coffee and determination, he could sleep as little as he needed. He also did have some time after the café if he needed it, but that time was strictly reserved for spending time with Sam. On the weekends, all of his free time was split between hunting, taking care of Sammy, and getting a few extra hours of sleep.
“Show me the recipe! You’re withholding information from an old lady! This is customer abuse! I’m calling your manager!” the lady shouted as she kept trying to hit Dean with the bag, managing to catch him in the jaw. That caught him off his center of balance, and she was able to keep smacking him with her purse as she yelled profanities and threats.
Sam just started pushing his food around his plate, to keep his hands busy as he shook his head, “Nevermind... I just...” He didn’t dare look at his brother’s eyes as he spoke, keeping his vision fixed on his plate, as if the hot dogs were the most important things in his life, “I just... we were talking about colleges in class... and I dunno... I was thinking that maybe, if I do good enough in school, then I might be able to go to college?”
They both looked up as someone knocked on the door, and Dean went to go see who it was. It had been the mailman, and Dean took the letters with a thanks, looking though them. Nothing too interesting, until he came to the envelope all the way at the bottom. Addressed to him.
After taking a quick stock of his body, Dean sighed, “Nothing’s broken... I can breathe. I guess I’m fine. I’ve got no idea what that was about. I was just suddenly...”
Dean smiled a little as he stood up, feeling uncomfortable with the thought that he had just been sitting down on the clock for so long. “Thank you... I... uh... I’m going to get back up there. I’m sure we’ve got a line forming,” he said before going back out to the floor.
At home, Dean hid the papers all the way in the bottom of his bag, under shirts that didn’t fit and jeans that had more holes than fabric. The last thing he wanted was for Sam or John to find them. That was a fight that he didn’t want to be a part of. Ever. And, besides, it wasn’t like the essays were going to get him anywhere. It was just an attempt at showing his teacher that he knew how to write. It wasn’t like he would actually get accepted.
“I don’t have anything to talk about, Sir. I just don’t see the point in going. I’ve got other things I’m working on,” Dean said simply, trying to shrug off the question in the hopes that Mister Jefferson would get distracted and talk about something else.
After dinner, the two cleaned up and watched a movie together. Sam fell asleep curled up on the couch, so Dean carefully covered him with a blanket, easing a pillow under his head. He then went to his bed and pulled out his laptop, opening an incognito window to just casually look at colleges in the area. He wasn’t sure how it would work, with being a hunter, but he knew that he would get Sammy into whatever college he wanted, no matter what it took. He would do anything for his brother.
Benny chuckled a little and shook his head, “No, darlin’. For one, I can’t fire you. And for two, that lady you just met, her name is Barb. She comes in every once in a while, but we’ve all learned to turn her away at the door, because she does this every time. A few times, it even got bad enough for the cops to be called.”
Dean’s pants were torn up, nearly in shreds as he pulled them on. For his night job, he wore the clothes that were already on their deathbed, because he knew that they would be torn up by the end of his day anyway. He also pulled on a torn-up shirt, trying to fix up the clothes to look as professional as possible before tugging his shoes on, kissing Sam on the forehead, and leaving to go to his night job.
Dean knew he could be collected, and he knew he could pick himself up by his bootstraps when he needed to, but his bootstraps just weren't as collected. They were starting to fray and fall apart, and not only in the metaphorical sense.
Dean kept beating himself up whenever he even thought about wanting a break from hunting – especially since it would put Sammy in danger. He didn’t know what he would do if anything happened to Sam. He didn’t know what John would do. So, that just ended up being another internalized anxiety that he completely ignored.
“How did your homework go? It shouldn’t be too hard with the year ending soon, right?” Dean asked as he looked at Sam, mostly just pushing his food around his plate. He wasn’t all that hungry, but he knew that he should eat after training.
Dean frowned a little and opened his mouth to explain what had really happened, but Benny just nudged him towards the back, not saying anything, and not telling Dean whether he would be yelled at or not for this. The only saving grace was that Benny didn’t have enough power to take actual repercussive actions. He had the seniority there, so he was in charge of the night, but Ellen was the only one who could discipline her employees.
“Ma’am, I’m sorry that you feel that way, but I can assure you that the recipe has not changed. I made the burgers exactly the way that I’ve been trained to,” Dean explained in a gentle voice, keeping up his happy customer service demeanor in an attempt to soothe and calm down the customer.
After taking a quick look at himself in the smudged mirror, to make sure he didn’t look homeless and unprofessional, he went to work.
All of the tension eased from Dean’s shoulders at that explanation, and he nodded a little, “Alright... alright. Yeah. College sounds like a great idea. I’m sure you’ll get into the best one, Sammy. Do you have any ideas for what you’re applying to?”
He was happy to answer any and all questions, chatting with his customers in between new orders and enjoying the happy company. At the diner, everyone was so nice to him. They all really seemed to enjoy his company, and there were no underlying threats. Not even with Ellen. She knew how hard of a worker he was, and she had a strict policy that if he messed up, then it was okay. If he had a bad day, it was okay. They could always fix a situation, but she would never fire him or wrongfully punish him for a bad day. Dean couldn’t express how grateful he was for that.
All of his responsibilities got very overwhelming, though, whenever he stopped to think about them for even a moment. Whenever he allowed even the briefest thought to drift towards the myriad of things he was directly responsible towards, he would have to think up new ways to run away from his life and start a new one.
His first job of the day went fine. After his shift was over, he was still in a good mood. Ellen sent him home with a couple slices of pie and a smile on his face. When he got home, he shared the pie with Sam and looked over one of Sam’s essay assignments, asking him questions about the topic and helping him proofread and edit the paper. It went pretty well, and by the end of their snack, the essay was good enough that even Sam’s perfectionist mind was happy with it.
“Panic attack,” Benny supplied, “those are a bitch. They’ll come up from time to time if you have to keep dealing with customers like Barb. Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it eventually, and you’ve got us to help you until you’re used to it.”
By the end of the week, Dean had all but forgotten Sam’s college pursuits, because he had been so wrapped up in work and school. School was coming to a close, and Dean had been kept busy with the testing and his teachers trying to wrap up the last of the lessons.
The next morning, Dean was woken up too early – long before the sun had even begun to think of rising. He was woken up to his boots being thrown onto the bed, hitting him in the stomach. “Time for training! Get up! You’ve been getting away with slacking while I was gone, but now you’ve gotta make up for it!” John’s voice boomed, waking Dean up from his deep and sound slumber.
“Damn right. If you fall asleep in class again, or if your teachers suspect anything else like this, I’m taking the car back, and you’ll be able to find a way to get yourself to work and school without it. I’m sure that walking before dawn will wake you up fine enough.” John said, crossing his arms and just waiting for Dean to argue.
Dean was shocked at how adamant she was being, and he shook his head, “I am very, very sorry, Ma’am, but I’m not allowed to disclose the recipe-” He was cut off as a heavy purse was swung directly at his face. He barely had the time to throw himself backwards so he wouldn’t be hit.
The next morning, as they were eating breakfast, Sam made an offhanded comment about how he wished that he and Dean could run away together and get away from John for good. Dean couldn’t find any way to disagree with that.
Of course, the good job could only last so long, and Dean gritted his teeth as an old lady yelled at him from across the counter. She had decided that the burger recipe had changed, because she had only seen Dean there once, so obviously, he was new and had changed the order without anyone knowing.
I'm hoping to post a new chapter every weekend, or maybe every other weekend, depending on how busy I am. Thanks so much for all of the hits, kudos, and comments! I'll see you all next time! :)
The next day, in Mister Jefferson’s class, Dean found a few pamphlets on his desk about resources for going to college while balancing a job and a kid. Both Dean and Mister Jefferson knew that that wasn’t the exact situation, but it was close enough that it still brought the slightest hint of a smile to Dean’s face, and he was able to write a few essays and applications, just to appease his teacher. Once he was done with those, he flipped through one of the pamphlets, tilting his head a little as he read it. Maybe there was more hope for his future college endeavors, but that was still a long ways away.
"You've seen this movie a million times too," Gabriel told him with a wicked grin. "I believe I still owe you the rest of your birthday present." He snapped his fingers and they both disappeared from the room.
Gabriel sighed, looking like he would rather be crucified than talk about it those times. "You gotta remember, this was back in the days before Jesus. Parenthood changes everyone, even God," he tried to joke.
“I love her,” Kevin said with a shrug. “But that’s no guarantee she’ll want to marry me. Why don’t we let her decide when she gets back to her own time?”
Dean went ahead and pulled out two cast iron skillets and turned on the gas burners. Cas had set up a dutch oven with vegetable oil to cook up the fries and pies. Soon they were working side by side as Dean shaped hamburger patties, and Cas dropped the potatoes into the hot oil and cut the veggies, searing the poblano peppers and onions. Dean bounced along with the music, hip-checking Cas and grinning at him every so often. It’d been awhile since he’d had fun cooking.
Gabriel wasn’t one for answering prayers. He heard them all, he couldn’t help it, but he relegated them to the back of his mind. He had other things to do than listen to people begging him for this, that or the other. He had Sam and Bobby and everyone else to worry about. Besides, he still was still getting back to being Gabriel, not Loki.
Lucifer stepped up to the bars and smiled at her before turning to Sam, Dean, Gabriel, and Castiel. “Looks like you guys won’t do too badly in the parenting department. When I eventually get out of here, I’ll just kill you guys and leave this one to help me keep up on pop culture.” He smiled a wicked grin before returning to the far corner of the cage. Dean just shook his head and wrapped one arm around his daughter’s shoulder, nodding at Gabriel to snap them back to the bunker. A moment later, they were out of Hell.
Cas squinted at the notes on the page, his finger following along as he hummed the upper staves. Dean was amused when he saw where Cas could see the change in the music; his eyes did several passes over the musical phrase to try to find the exact turning point, looking more and more perplexed. He looked up at Dean, back down at the music for a few more moments, then back at Dean.
Dean pushed himself up on wobbly arms, laughing. “Remind me to thank Gabriel for the soundproofing,” he joked. Cas, whose face was still buried in the mattress, responded with a muffled “of course Dean.” Cas rolled over slightly so he could be heard. “While I enjoyed that immensely, I think I prefer when neither of us are wearing any clothes.”
When Sam woke up a few hours later, he was alone in bed. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes as he sat up and threw his feet over the edge of the bed. He moved like a zombie, grabbing a towel, a fresh pair of boxers, and tee shirt and wandered down the hall to grab a shower. As he soaped up, he felt a warm, wet body slide up behind his, hands reaching up to shampoo his hair for him. He hummed and leaned his head back into Gabriel’s touch.
Tagging for fabulous first-time penetrative sex (be prepared to replace disintegrated panties). Also tagging for humor, because you will most likely laugh your ass off towards the end of the chapter. Just sayin'.
This time, Dean’s eyes went wide with fear. He turned to MJ and grabbed her shoulders. “Go shower and change right now, before it touches your skin,” he demanded. As he started pushing her towards the hallway, Castiel stopped him.
“Is that all?” Sam asked, trying to stare down his son. “Seems like a lot more than that to me. What do you think?” he asked Gabriel.
Dean snorted. “Course I do, been playing it for years.” He stretched his fingers and wiggled them a bit before placing them back on the neck of the instrument. “Now watch.” He played the two phrases again at half tempo, eyes open this time. However, instead of watching the strings or looking at the music, he watched Cas’ face as the man watched his fingers. When Dean finished again, he handed the cello back to Cas, got up and headed into the kitchen.
together around both wrists of each victim. “If you flip the contrast on the photo-” he tapped a button and the picture turned into a negative, except the bracelets, “-the bracelets don’t change. They’re not spelled objects, they’re made out of demon shade and bits of lost souls.”
Bobby laughed and snapped his fingers again, freeing Gabriel. “He’s not a bad parent at all Dad, Uncle Dean from my time thought the look on your face would be priceless if you thought he was a crap parent, and he was right.” He looked up at Dean, grinning and trying to get a high five. Dean started laughing all over again and slapped him five. “Although it was pretty crappy of you to take off on everyone after the Elysian Fields Hotel and not tell anyone you were brought back. Letting Dad think you were just as bad in the future as you are now is pretty good ‘just desserts’, wouldn’t you say?”
“That was my first time,” MJ said angrily, “so thanks for ruining it.” On the verge of tears, she turned to Kevin and begged him to get them out of there. Kevin looked at Dean with more than a little fear in his eyes and then they were gone.
Cas released one of Dean’s hands to grip himself, tugging on his own dick in rhythm to his movements. Dean released Cas’ other hand and gripped his hips, bending his knees and planting his feet into the mattress to finally give as good as he was getting. He met Cas thrust for thrust, bouncing him on his cock as Cas moaned louder, getting closer to his climax.
Dean shook off his brother and started pacing and muttering again. “Where the hell could they have taken him?”
Castiel still smiled when he thought about the conversation that weekend that led to Dean asking him shyly to be his boyfriend. It was adorable to see the grown man acting like he was still a young teen in school, asking out his crush. The conductor tapping the podium brought him out of his reverie, getting everyone’s attention to begin rehearsal.
“Oh, please,” Lucifer said, rolling his eyes, “like you have a problem with hard-ons now. Rumor is your daddies caught you schtupping the Scribe, and now they’re out for blood.”
Gabriel just smirked with one hand raised. “I promised her you two would stay in the bunker. I never said I wouldn’t keep an eye on them.” He winked at Sam, snapped his fingers, and he was gone.
Sated, Sam pulled out of Castiel and smoothed down the feathers he rumpled, lulling him into a content rest against Dean's chest. When he stepped back, Cas's wings wrapped tightly around Dean and he heard both men's deep, even breathing as they fell asleep. Content with the peace they seemed to have found in each other, Sam left to shower and keep researching whatever it was that was compelling them all to act out these sexual scenes, as well as examine how much of this was the compulsion and how much was becoming real.
Bobby reappeared at a local playground. He didn’t want to go far, but he needed to get away from everyone to figure out what went wrong. He sat for a good half an hour repeating the steps in his head but he was still sure he didn’t screw it up. Heart rate up and head starting to hurt, he knew he had to calm down before heading back home. He knew his dads would be worried about him, but more so if he came back feeling worse than when he left.
Dean frowned as Sammy looked over the sheet music in his hand. He shifted uncomfortably at the foot of the hospital bed, worried. “Whoa,” Sammy said, a little awed, “nope, I don’t remember writing this, but it’s pretty awesome.” He grinned widely as he handed the music back to his brother.
“Yeah,” Sammy said, looking smug. “Quit being a little shit and go talk to him.” With that, Sammy left Dean alone with his thoughts in the garage.
The dance studio was about ten blocks from the restaurant, so they decided to walk. They held hands and rubbed shoulders, Gabriel occasionally hip-checking Sam to make him laugh. They heard the music from the dance studio about a block before they arrived, enjoying the sounds of big band music from the 1940’s. As they entered, Gabriel’s stomach lurched. When Sam looked at him quizzically, he brushed it off as indigestion (he swore angels didn’t get morning sickness). They were too excited about their date to notice Castiel was unable to enter the building. Cas tried calling Sam’s cell phone, but it went straight to voicemail. He immediately left to retrieve Dean.
with each other.” Dean sipped at the beer in his hand.  "Honestly, I thought the feeling was just relief that I was okay and everything was gonna be alright.”
Dean was in that comfortable place between sleep and wakefulness. He was warm and his limbs were pleasantly heavy. Something soft and warm was draped over him. He stretched his fingers experimentally, enjoying the texture beneath his fingertips. He rubbed it with a flat palm in slow, gliding strokes, and it moved. He opened his eyes to see Cas curled up to him, using his chest as a pillow. Sometime after they fell asleep last night, someone stripped them both down to their boxers and got them under the covers. He assumed it was Gabriel, considering he was clean as well.
“Promise not to hurt me?” Gabriel asked. Dean nodded before he continued. “Since the Mystery Spot. I know it was a shit thing to do to you guys, but you gotta see it from my point of view. I knew the endgame at that point, that Lucifer and Michael wanted to wear you guys to the prom. Knowing what I thought I did about you guys, I was sure you’d each do something stupid to save the other one. I didn’t know how to get through to you, your dad drilled ‘protect Sammy’ into your head for so long that I didn’t think anything would change that. I still don’t think anything would change that. But Sam, he was always a freethinker, listened to the facts instead of his heart when it came to everything but you. I thought if he could see that, then maybe you guys could get a leg up on the whole apocalypse thing. So I tried to show him that he could beat they system if he could just let you go.”
Crowley stood up and straightened himself out, smug grin on his face. “Well, whatever she is, she’s important to you. What are you willing to give me for her?"
Sam’s chest was heaving as he tried to breathe without hyperventilating. “Apparently, twenty years in the future, we have a teenage son.” Oh crap. “Oh crap, I didn’t even ask him how old he is.” Sam dropped to his bed, covering his face. “I’m already a horrible parent, I didn’t even bother to ask him how old he is.”
Gabriel squeezed his way between Sam and the table, throwing a leg over and straddling Sam’s lap. “Take me on a date,” he demanded. “A real, human-type date. Dinner, dancing, the whole nine.”
MJ was still envious of her cousin's wings and made a nuisance of herself reminding him she didn't need a fancy angel blade to be a better fighter than him. Their arguing was quickly getting on everyone's nerves so Cas and Gabriel decided to put their energy to use and put them through more training, far away from the bunker so that they wouldn't do any damage.
Using his angelic strength, Gabriel grasped the collar of Sam’s shirt and tore it down the middle, exposing the still healing handprint over his heart. His arms wrapped around Sam underneath the shirt, feeling his skin against his palms as he pressed kisses to the mark he left. Sam felt a shiver of electricity run through him at the contact. He threaded his fingers through Gabriel’s hair, pulling it to bring his angel’s mouth to his own.
Gabriel answered this time. "Angels may have been created with full knowledge and power, but the older they are, the stronger they become. That's one reason the archangels are so strong, we were the first and we're the oldest." He sucked down the last of his drink, licking the sweetness off of his upper lip. "But that's getting into a history lesson and off the point of our visit."
Cas took a minute, gathering his thoughts. “It’s not something I would have sought out on my own, but it’s very enjoyable.”
because Dean wasn't wired to think about guys that way. But he did really like the physical contact between him and Cas lately, it made him feel safe and cared for. But could he ever like being touched
It was when Sam escaped the death grip that Gabriel usually had on him while he napped that he heard the sounds coming from Bobby’s room. There are notes, chords, riffs. He tapped lightly on his son’s door and the sounds stopped, followed by a “come in.” Sam was surprised to see Bobby sitting in his bed, relaxed against the headboard with an acoustic guitar in his hands.
his nose in his pubes, kissing the base of his hard cock before licking it to the tip. Cas looked up at Dean beneath hooded lashes before wrapping his lips around the head and swallowing him whole.
“I cross-referenced their names with their government ID photos, then searched all available security cameras in the town-ATMs, convenience stores, banks-and searched the timestamps to correspond with the time they were affected.” Sam was thoroughly impressed with his son.
"Stay," he said with a mischievous smile. Sam was not inclined to disobey. Gabriel sat up and straddled Sam's hips, raising up enough to guide Sam's thick cock to his already opened hole. Sam cocked an eyebrow at Gabriel, who simply smirked at him before slamming down onto Sam in one swift movement, making Sam scream.
When she walked in, Dean made to get up but MJ pointed at him and said “sit down, I’m talking first.” Both Dean and Castiel gave her the evil eye, but she continued. “I have been stuck in this bunker for months. I understand it’s for my own safety and I have not left with the exception of my one date with Kevin. He has been coming to visit me and spend time with me so that I wouldn’t lose my mind from boredom or cabin fever. You all know him, you know he’s a good man. He was your friend when he was still alive, for crying out loud. It’s not like I was being promiscuous or having sex to cure my boredom.
Without Dean to distract him, Castiel went back to his old routines of working hard both inside and outside of the concert hall. He deemed his misguided sense of adventure a liability to the goals he’d worked towards all his life; to be the best cellist in whatever orchestra he played in, to have a stable life where no one dictated his choices but himself, least of all a demanding partner who insisted on having their way constantly without any consideration for his wants and needs.
of your platoon is safe.” Rose pulled her arms from Gabriel’s hands and backed up against the wall, slid down it, shaking in a pile on the floor. “Everything’s going to be okay,” MJ told her, sitting down next to her against the wall.
Sam took a piece of melon off the plate and took a small bite off the end. Rather than talk about the witches, he asked the question that was in the front of his mind. “Why didn’t you let us know you were alive?”
The first playthrough was rough, but not as bad as Dean had expected a first sight reading to go. He did realize that as much as he thought AC/DC would rock on his electric cello, it would probably sound better on the traditional. He stood up to swap the instruments out, and when he turned around Cas was staring at his ass. He looked up at Dean with a completely innocent look on his face and smiled at him, bringing his bow up to ready position.
"So, what? You want to compare our sizes by...?" Sam trailed off, hoping this wasn't going where he thought is was going, because he didn't think he'd be able to stop himself if it was.
"That would be awesome! And since you have the Demon tablet too, think you can see if there's anything about Nephilim in there?" Bobby asked.
“Dunno,” Gabriel said with a shrug. “Neither do the kids. We’ve already done so much that will affect their timeline that even they don’t know what to expect anymore.” Gabriel yawned, burying his head in Sam’s chest. “And we still have so much to do if we’re gonna make things right for them.”
An hour later, Gabriel flew himself, Sam, and Bobby to a picnic lot at Lake Waconda. Sam looked around, deducing that Gabriel had already been here earlier to set up. There was a large canopy set up with a couple picnic tables underneath, coolers sitting on the end of each table. A fan was set up (most likely powered by angel mojo) with a mister to help keep them cool. A grill was set up to one side, already heating up. There was even a playpen set up for the baby. Kevin was there too, and when they arrived Bobby immediately went over to see him.
"Huckleberry Honey Ale. It's good shit, so don't waste it," Gabriel said, throwing a gumdrop at Dean. Dean picked the gumdrop up off the floor and threw it back at Gabriel with a muttered, "asshole."
“Dean!” Charlie called out to him as he stomped out of the building, but he didn’t stop. He opened Baby’s back door and slid his cello case in before slamming the door, wincing at the sound.
“You’re being a jerk, you know that, right?” Sammy said, crossing his arms over his chest and giving Dean Bitchface #14-
He opened the door, scowling when he saw Gabriel and Sam. His cousin let himself in with a cheerful greeting, dragging his boyfriend in behind him.
Gabriel was sitting on the shoulder of the Cristo Redentor in Brazil, eyes closed and just letting the breeze blow through him.
Dean pulled the cello in front of him and raised his bow, thoroughly enjoying the look on Cas’ face at that little remark. It took a minute for the other man to pull himself from his thoughts before they started again.
As the last tremors left their bodies, Gabriel leaned into Sam, fingers absently twirling the ends of his hair. Neither said a word, but they didn't have to because they were both thinking the same thing and they both knew it. The compulsion that time wasn't nearly as strong as it had been, and neither of them fought it. What neither of them knew, however, was how much the other wanted more.
Gabriel sighed. Even though he was millennia old, guilt was something he rarely felt. Now he was feeling it in spades. He hadn’t meant to force a bond to Sam without his consent and doing so ate at him. He hadn’t even intended to bond to him when he tied Sam’s soul back to his body, all he was thinking about at the time was saving his life. Consent was a huge thing for angels, and even though he had hidden with the pagans for so long, it was still a huge thing for him as well.
Gabriel looked like he won the lottery. Cupping an ear with his hand, he said, "What was that, Deano? I didn't catch that."
“Truck ran a stop sign, hit the passenger side. Sammy took the worst of it. He’s been in surgery for a couple hours now.” He took a shaky breath as he ran his hands through his hair, then let out a hysterical laugh. “If I had a beast like the Impala instead of my shitty little car, he’d probably be okay.”
MJ giggled as they took their seats. "I sure hope not, but I wouldn't put it past him if he figured it out. His brother's not the only smart one in the family," she told him. "I'm MJ," she introduced herself, holding out her hand.
"Not yet, angel," he said, "not until I'm inside you." Dean held him like that with three fingers deep in his ass, not moving until Cas' breathing slowed down. "You good?" Cas nodded. "Are we ready to try this?" he asked.
Sam stepped outside the front door where there was less noise, but was immediately assaulted by Dean and Castiel.
"Yeah, but it's not necessarily true," Sam supplied, knowing firsthand of a short archangel who was definitely larger than his height would indicate.
," Dean's question was cut off by the wet warmth of Cas' mouth enveloping his dick. All coherent thought fled his mind as Cas worked magic on Dean's dick, the head repeatedly hitting the back of Cas' throat. Hollowing his cheeks on the upstroke and laving his tongue around Dean's thick cock on his way back down, the only thing Dean could think was
"Don't look a gift angel in the mouth, Deano," Gabriel said with a leer, "celestial beings don't have gag reflexes. It's probably the best head you'll ever get."
“Sounds good to me.” He hesitated a moment before hugging his son again. “I really do love you, you know.”
“Yeah, Deano, I was jealous of you. Still am, because no matter what Sam and I will have together, you’ll always come first for him. And so help me Dad, if you ever repeat that to anyone I will smite your ass.”
“Sounds good man, I’m glad everything worked out and you’re all okay.” Sam told his brother. “Are you guys going to grab a room up there or head back tonight?”
Dean stopped pacing long enough to glare at Cas, to decide if he should slam the door in his face, then continued pacing when he realized the angel would just mojo himself into the room anyways. He was not a talker. He did not want to talk about this, the fact that supposedly he and Cas became angel-married sometime in the future and had a daughter together. Sometime in the near future, if the kids were from twenty years in the future and his daughter-their daughter-was 18.
Dean walked into the nursery where MJ and Bobby were playing with baby Sammy. He stood there for a minute watching the next generation of Winchesters, smiling and playing happily with the baby, and hoping that their plan would work so that they could live their lives like this as opposed to on the run from everything that was threatening them. MJ looked up and saw her dad, smiling at him as she smothered her baby brother with kisses, and Dean laughed at her.
When Castiel had to break for air, gasping, Dean furiously unbuckled Castiel’s belt. He then yanked Castiel’s pants and boxers down in one swift movement before grabbing him by the hips and hoisting him up onto the piano.
Cas wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist and tugged him close, pressing a kiss to his lips. “I’d like to spend my wedding night in a room to ourselves, if you don’t mind.”
“Agreed,” he said, snapping his fingers. A table with spell ingredients appeared next to him. He moved to the long side of the table, mixing ingredients with a mortar and pestle as the Winchesters and their angels watched him work. When he was done, he lifted the bowl and recited the spell to allow Bobby out of the cage. Bobby’s body fell through the bars as if they were an illusion, landing on the floor. Sam and Gabriel rushed over to him and held him up between them.
, it’s just something that happened. She picked up Sammy and settled him on her hip before she told him, “come on, let’s go find Papa”.
Dean was pretty sure now that all this was due to the compulsion, but he stopped caring. Cas felt too good underneath him. He reached out to the glove compartment and opened it, snagging his emergency bottle of lube. With practiced ease, he popped the cap one-handed and spilled a copious amount over his fingers before flicking the cap closed with his thumb and dropping it to the floorboard.
Gabriel screamed. He ran towards Sam, blade in outstretched hand, taking Turel's head off. As Dean and Cas continued to fight off the other angels, Gabriel pulled the sword from Sam's bleeding chest and ripped his shirt open, chanting "no, no, no, no" as he placed his hand over Sam's heart, trying to heal the wound.
The plan went off without a hitch. However, after scanning the text in question, Castiel didn't believe it would be of any use. Dean still took pictures of as many pages as he could for Sam and Gabriel to look at. They got out and Cas reengaged the cameras and the security system before any rent-a-cops came to check it out.
Bobby leaned into his dad’s hug, letting his Pops hug him from behind. “Sorry, I just needed to think. Just went to the playground in town, chilled out for a bit.”
By the end of the day, Gabriel and Sam had finished their profiles on the remaining seven Grigori-Samyaza, Danel, Anane, Ramuel, Batraal, Ertael, and Asael. As he read each one, he remembered the day he delivered their Father’s message, that the Watchers had failed their father not by falling for mortal women, but teaching them the Old Ways and by raising their children to be brutal savages. He silently apologized to each and every one of them for following their Father blindly that day, grieved for their losses, and prayed to bring them peace for their corrupted graces.
"Don't piss me off, Winchester," he warned, "unless you feel like reliving our greatest hits. I could kill you and bring you back a couple dozen times before Sammy and Cassie get back."
Before things could get too chick-flicky for Dean's tastes, Sam took him back to Cas' room. When Dean went in, Sam closed the door to leave him with Cas and the baby. Cas' room had been converted to a full nursery for Sammy, complete with crib, changing table, toys, and a rocker in the corner, where Cas sat holding a sleepy Sammy. Cas looked up at Dean with his normal stoic expression, but Dean could feel a thread of anxiety rolling through the bond.
Gabe grinned and explained. “You told me he’d been trying to get you to compose exclusively for the KCO. Every year he ups his offer, and every year you decline. When Tweedle Dumb and Tweedle Dumber got bent out of shape over who got to be First Chair, you decided to use the old man’s offer as leverage.” He took Sam’s hand in his and kissed it. “After all, you said that you wanted the stability and higher income if we were gonna get married.”
“Thank you,” Cas said earnestly, to which Dean just nodded. He didn’t know how long they stood there like that, breathing in each other’s breath, but he was lost when Cas licked his lips. Before Dean could stop himself, he was crashing his mouth into Cas’.
Dean stepped back with a genuine smile on his face. “Good night, Cas,” he said, and got into his car.
“HA! There is no way I want to do that while they’re sober. You know how they’re going to react. They’ll try to perform an exorcism on us or lock us in the dungeon.” The girl finished the sigils on the door and pulled an old shop rag out of her back pocket to wrap around her hand.
The house shook more violently this time. Past Dean heard a loud crack, and looked up in time to see a large chunk of the ceiling breaking loose right over Cas and the baby. He dove for the bed, covering them both just in time to take the brunt of the falling debris on his back. He shook it off and looked at Cas to make sure he was okay. The fear on Cas' face cut him like a knife.
They were still trying to catch their breath when they heard a bang on the door. “Dean? Cas?” Sam called out. “You guys okay in there?” Cas chuckled, but didn’t move. “Seriously guys, let me know you’re alive. The entire bunker just lost power, and we never even figured out where the power comes from.”
Gabriel and Sam sat side by side at the map table in the war room. Sam was condensing his notes on the remaining Grigori-seven left of the original two hundred, six officers and Samyaza, the leader-and handing them off to Gabriel, who had known each one of them in Heaven before their fall. He was writing in personal notes about each one, such as their strengths and weaknesses and fighting styles. They both had suckers in their mouths and were nodding along to the music they heard Bobby playing in the other room for Dean, MJ, and baby Sammy.
Cas just looked at Dean with his normal stoic expression. “I do not know Dean, but I do find the rhythm pleasing.”
MJ laughed again. "I know better than to make a deal with a demon off the cuff, especially you. Call with some leads," she said waving the phone at him, "and then we'll talk."
Dean beamed proudly. “Thanks, Cas.” He gave Castiel a light slap on the shoulder and a smile and headed back to the percussion section to chat with Charlie.
“Sam,” Castiel said, “this building is warded against angels. I was unable to enter. I believe Gabriel is in danger.” At that, Sam immediately rushed back inside, Dean on his heels. When he looked around, he could see neither Gabriel nor the woman he was dancing with.
Sam had seen a Swiss seat before, mainly used for rock climbing and rappelling. It eased his mind knowing his sensitive areas wouldn’t be tied up, and nodded his consent.
“And if there isn’t?” MJ countered, as stubborn as her dad. Dean grumbled something about his “little girl” and MJ wrapped her arms around him. “We’ll figure this out. I promise.” Dean hugged her back tightly.
“My fashion sense is my own, thank goodness! I couldn’t stand half the stuff the girls my age were wearing. Grandma Mary taught me comfort and function over fashion so I pretty much stick to pants and shoes I can run in if I need to, but I love pretty shirts.”
Gabriel stood up and walked towards Sam. "You deserve happiness and good things too, Samshine," he said. He stopped just outside of Sam's personal space, not making him feel uncomfortable but making him feel
“I was waiting for him to have his morning coffee before I spoke with him, Gabriel,” Cas said to him, frowning, “and I had hoped to do so without an audience.”
“’Just stuff’, huh? Stuff like school or stuff like family?” The guy turned towards Bobby, looking genuinely interested. Bobby didn’t really have anyone to talk to in his own time except his family and extended family, and that held true to where he was now. It’d be nice to just be able to talk about it without worrying about hurting someone’s feelings.
Dean’s gaze was defiant, but Castiel could feel the hurt rolling off him. Dean huffed and dropped his head in his hands, running his fingers through his hair. Cas stood behind him, kneading the tense muscles in his shoulders. He didn’t say a word, knowing Dean would talk when he was good and ready and not before.
Gabriel turned on Dean with anger, pain, and fear in his eyes. “Where’s Cas?!?” he yelled, shocking Dean. At the sound of his name, Castiel appeared in the kitchen, looking at Gabriel with concern.
Anyway, it’s impossible to see any of the other Tributes, period, and there are guards at every staircase and elevator just waiting to kill anyone who tries, but there are always loopholes. Intel, for example. Which Tributes talk in their sleep, and what do they talk about? Is anybody coming in as a weapons expert? Anything that could be used for blackmail? You can get plenty of stuff like that.
He keeps his eyes off his reflection in the floor and marches on. He’s made two turns now and hasn’t run into a single guard, so odds are that he’ll get lucky at the next. And, sure enough, bingo. A big, burly dude in Kevlar black and shades. Dean just barely manages not to roll his eyes. In his experience, there are two types of people who wear sunglasses inside, much less at night—blind people, and douchebags. And he has no doubts that this guy’s vision is 20/20.
Emma takes the last few steps, accepting Tessa’s purposely awkward hug, and comes to stand right next to him. He doesn’t look down, doesn’t so much as flinch in her direction, but the pictures flood his brain anyway. Hands around her neck. Arrows in her chest. Blood everywhere, guts spilling onto the ground. He wonders which one they’ll actually get to see.
Dean rolled his eyes at himself as he pressed the pad beside the door. The solid steel slid open, shining briefly with reflected light, and then a room of blue velvet and dark wood took its place. Ruby was already camped out in the corner, looking at some magazine that, from what Dean could tell, advertised Capitol fashion and gossip. He didn’t care to investigate it any further than that. Bela was splayed out on a hideous couch, one of those fancy long ones with clawed feet and no back or arms, looking every bit as bored as usual. Bobby was sipping from his flask and tapping his fingers on the bar.
Outside, the rest of the neighborhood was already trickling down the maintenance road. Mostly older folks, mechanics and the like who worked with Dean down at the factory, but there were a few kids spaced out here and there. All of them wore their nicest clothes, lace dresses and button-up shirts. It made Dean think of virgin sacrifices to pagan gods, and the frown on his mouth deepened. His imagination always was for shit.
Maybe… maybe he could play dead? Have Jo pretend to kill him, then “miraculously” wake up well after the Games had ended and Jo had won? Or maybe he could find a way to sneak Jo out past the forcefield? He knew the forcefield existed—he remembered last year’s Games, when some poor bastard launched himself at it and promptly exploded like tomato soup in a balloon—but it had to have a weak spot. All machines, even virtual ones, had a weak spot.
, as Trixie had called it, whatever the fuck it meant. Dean glanced at Bela to make sure she was ready, but he really shouldn’t have bothered—she already had her free hand out, throwing waves and blowing kisses to anyone who caught her eye.
Dean snorts, both in agreement and to keep Bobby from prying too much further. Thankfully or not, he sees something else he missed when Bobby first came in: a huge, green sequin bag that looks big and bulky enough to be carting around a human corpse. His eyebrows jump into his hairline—he must be losing his touch to miss such an eyesore.
He hissed through his teeth and dove right in, mashing his lips against hers. It was brutal, teeth and no tongue, but it got the job done. She tasted, impossibly, like District 12 every fucking time—soot, and coal, and sulfur.
One of those tangents is the basis for this code. More years ago than Dean cares to count, Cas decided that the best way to keep Dean awake during a stakeout was to talk to him about etymology. Dean didn’t even know what etymology was at the time, and he wasn’t exactly chomping at the bit to find out, but it was just him and Cas, and any conversation was better than charged silence. So, Cas talked about synecdoche. About using related words to replace each other in phrases. “Arm” can mean a whole human body. “Beef” can mean all meat in general. And then Cas talked about homonyms, like “meet” and “meat”, “eight” and “ate”. And then he told Dean about antiquated terms for time, like fortnight (which Dean actually
what he wants, and it’s puny and selfish and useless. What he wants, more than anything in the universe, is to hate this thing. Just on principle. Just because it exists. It’s real, and God is real, and neither of them lifted a damn finger to save any of the people Dean’s watched die. Not Mom. Not Dad. Not Sam. But himself? Yeah, it just yanked him right out of Hell. And Dean and this thing both know that he doesn’t deserve that. He deserves to burn. If he didn’t, why would it threaten to throw him back in the Pit? He knows a bluff when he sees one, and this ain’t it.
This was not that. There wasn’t a single natural thing about it. Sky-high buildings walled up the whole edge of the island, gleaming and chrome and every bit as artificial as the people who lived inside them. They smooshed up against each other with barely enough space to let the light in. He imagined it had to be pitch black in the center.
The shack at the end of the maintenance road was every bit as battered down as the barn outside the fence. Even by District 9 standards, it was uninhabitable. Moss poured in from the cracked roof. Tarps covered the cracked glass in the windows. Electricity trickled in from a single, bent power pole by the fence line.
Meg. “Of course.” Ronald. Henrikson. “She picked victims that the Hunters couldn’t save.” Mom. Dad. “So that they would barrel right after us.” Sam.
Chagrined, Dean picked up the photo book and brought it back to MJ, sitting next to her on her bed. "Why not? They're good memories, and they're just vague enough not to tell us too much about our futures. Except the one of you and Kevin kissing," he said sternly. "Kevin's a good kid but I don't think I'll ever be ready for my little girl to be involved with someone."
“Actually,” he said, “they look the same in twenty years as they do now. Long story short, they stopped aging when they bonded to Pops and Uncle Cas.”
When Mary and MJ returned to the bunker a little after midnight, they weren’t expecting to see three angels and two humans, completely shitfaced and laughing so hard their faces were red. Dean was the first to see them, yelling, “hi Mom!” happily. Sam looked up and parroted his own “hi Mom!” Castiel got up from his spot on the couch, walked over to Mary, and wrapped her in a hug. Before letting her go, he kissed her cheek and said “hi Mom” with a smile.
Gabriel sat there on his knees until darkness was fully upon him, praying for the hundreds of souls lost to the Grigori, praying they made it through the veil to their true rewards. He prayed to his Father, begged him for forgiveness for another death and that he hoped it was righteous. And he prayed to Sam. He prayed that his hunter remained safe. He prayed that the man would still love him after this, would never leave him.
“It lives!” Dean cried jokingly as he surfaced from the fridge with a cold beer. “My brother still alive?”
Gabriel took a deep, cleansing breath and nodded. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” He took a step back from Sam, out of his arms. “I hate this, you know. I hate fighting with my brothers. I hate that I have to put them down like this. I know it’s necessary, but it still
Cas smiled. He knew how much Dean loved their baby, and if their little angel wanted to spend time with Sam instead of Dean, then of course the man would be irritated. He held his hand out to Dean, and once on his feet Cas flew them out of the bunker.
Well, they would have, if an old mechanic named Jordan hadn’t already blasted them with buckshot and burned the bodies. Jordan wasn’t a hunter and he certainly didn’t believe in werewolves, but he knew there was something not quite right about the wolves spotted around town. Most wolves and coyotes were skittish around humans, but these were bold as brass trotting down the streets like they owned the place. His wife, Pam, had read all of Chuck’s books and tried to convince him there was something supernatural about them. She melted down their good silverware and made shotgun shells for him to keep on him in case those wolves ever came by his shop. Sure enough, the next night they were circling his place, yipping and snarling and throwing their oversized bodies against the doors and windows. He loaded up the silver shells into his twenty-gauge and started picking them off, 6 of them he told Sam and Dean. Then he burned the bodies, like his wife said they did in the books.
Both men looked over to the bed where Cas was now sitting up, white as a sheet with blotchy eyes, looking like death warmed over. Dean rushed to him and wrapped his arms around him.
"Stop it, Cas," Dean said sternly, pointing a finger at him. "You're right, I'm not into guys, but I'm into you, okay? So just give me a minute and let me figure this shit out, okay?"
Gabriel put a hand on Joshua’s shoulder. “Listen, Josh, talk to the kid for us, okay? We need him. MJ needs him. Kevin not being around is totally screwing with her timeline. Just let him know we don’t hate him and we want him to come back, okay?”
Gabriel was alone in the bunker’s training room, full archangel armor, wielding not his angel blade but his archangel’s sword. His iPod was tucked into a little pocket behind his breastplate, headphones on, listening to a playlist he labeled
“I’m good any day except Saturday,” Dean told him. “Charlie and I have plans out of town.” Dean wasn’t about to scare Cas off by telling him they were going LARPing. “Friday night’s probably best, since Sammy will be bugging Gabe at the club, we won’t have him breathing down our necks and telling us how to play it.”
“No, Dean, the Enochian on their ribs prevents us from locating them,” he said mournfully. Cas was certain that whatever the two teens had planned would not end well.
“Well, next time you need to chill out, let someone know where you’re going, okay kiddo?” Gabriel kissed his son’s temple. “We can’t track you, and we don’t want anything to happen to you.
“Uh huh,” Gabriel said again, this time with a knowing smirk on his face. He gave Cas a pat on the back and said “you just keep telling yourself that,” and walked away with a grin.
“I think that calls for a round of beers!” Dean said cheerfully. “Want us to restart the movie for you guys?”
“Hey bro,” Gabriel replied with a smirk. “Heard you were in the dealership business now, was hoping you’d do me a solid.” He put one arm over Bobby’s shoulder, MJ standing just behind them holding onto Gabriel’s jacket. “My boy here just turned sixteen and we’re looking at his first set of wheels, I thought maybe you could give us a family discount.” Gabriel winked at the man.
Dean stood up and practically slammed the ratchet onto the engine block. “No, we can’t agree to disagree on this,” he said angrily. “I told you before, I don’t want you getting hurt, and hanging out with Lucifer is going to do just that. I want your word that you won’t go see him again, even if you’re stuck…” he trailed off, cluing MJ in to what was
. The physical sensations of Gabriel’s warm passage pulled him to the edge, but the feedback loop of Gabriel’s emotions got him off. Sam was flooded with friendship, companionship, love, loyalty, devotion, safety, possession, and
“Yep,” she said, popping the p. “We cosplay down in Oklahoma City with a few hundred other people. I am the Queen of Moondor, and Dean is my handmaiden. We make sure everyone is following the rules, organize battles and tournaments, stuff like that. It’s a lot of fun, you should check out the website. Besides, we look totally fabulous in our period clothing. Dean works a pair of breeches like you wouldn’t believe,” she added with a wink.
“Fine,” Sam said with a playful huff. “Next thing you know you’re going to want to make homemade porn.”
Dean just laughed louder and couldn't seem to stop. He was seduced by a fanfiction-reading Angel of the Lord. He just grabbed his angel and kissed him silly.
“Yeah, kiddo,” Gabriel chimed in, “we can help you untangle the stuff in your head and help you sort it out. It’s what parents are supposed to do for their kids, right?” He looked at Sam. “Right?”
“Sonofabitch! We should have LoJacked those two before they could try anything else!” Dean started stomping around, kicking at rocks, picking them up and throwing them. He was pissed. Once again, his daughter thought she knew better than him, risked herself to save them, with no thought about her own safety. Cas came up behind him and tried to take his hand, but Dean shook it off violently, causing Cas to recoil.
They each picked up a couple of the heavy boxes, and Bobby precariously balanced the ones he was holding while he linked arms with MJ. They’d found she was immune to angel powers, as well as demonic powers and spells, but thankfully flying by ‘Angel Air’ was something she could still do, probably due to the fact it wasn’t a power and more a natural thing for angels, considering they used their wings. With a thought, they were gone.
“We do jazz pretty much every year,” Gabe was telling them, “but once we did a themed show, where we all played music by one artist. It’s been a while, maybe another themed event is what we need to bring in more people.”
Sam gave that some thought. Had Chuck known about the Winchesters and their angels' bonding and having kids? Did he already know what their kids would go through and decided to give them a chance to make things better, a choice that hadn't been given to Sam and Dean? Maybe Chuck was just setting up the biggest prophecy to date and he wanted Sam and Dean in on this one as well, but being Unwritten meant he could get them involved sooner than expected, giving them an advantage.
. Dean snagged the note and opened it up, seeing a URL for a fanfiction website for Chuck's books at the top of the page, and beneath it in his brother's neat script:
"Oh God," Dean said, running his hand down his face in exasperation. "Please tell me we don't have a witch on our hands with a fetish for Chuck's books."
Bobby just shrugged, then put his book down. “Still feeling stupid about my plan to get Lucifer into the cage, I guess.”
The guys dragged in late that night, expecting everyone to already be out for the night. However, Cas and Gabriel were in the library deep in discussion. It looked pretty serious, and they wondered if it was something they should worry about. They must have been heard because the angels looked up and Gabriel waved them in.
Dean felt rather smug, catching Cas off-balance like that. The few kisses they’d already shared had Dean keyed up and left him wanting more. But
“You’re underestimating Cas, he’s loved Dean his entire life,” Gabriel chuckled. “Your mom wasn’t wrong when she told him that angels watched over him. Cassie was assigned to pull Dean’s soul from Hell since before he was even born. One look at Dean’s soul when he was born and he was so far gone there would never be anyone else for him.”
“Robert Charles Winchester, Man of Letters-in-training and karma incarnate, but you can call me Bobby.” He ducked out from Dean’s arm, walked over to Gabriel (who was just an inch or two shorter than his son), and wrapped him in a bruising hug. “It’s good to see you again, Pops.”
Sam looked down at his ring again, then looked up at Gabriel and frowned. “If I’d have known you were going to pull something like this, I would have gotten you a ring, too,” he said sheepishly.
“One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish,” MJ read out loud. When Sammy clapped she smiled and kept going. “Black fish, blue fish, old fish, new fish. This one has a little star. This one has a little car. Say! What a lot of fish there are.” Sammy giggled and reached out for the book again, this time grabbing the corner of it. As he pulled, the page MJ was turning ran along her finger, giving her a nasty papercut.
At the turning point of the song, Cas and Dean squared off against each other, Beethoven versus Zeppelin, old versus new, until they hit the break, both panting heavily. After a four count rest, they came back in together, eyes bouncing between their sheet music and each other. They both grinned wildly, kicking back their chairs to stand as they played through to the end, their entire bodies moving in time with the music and each other.
Gabriel stood next to the bed, picking up a couple bundles of black rope. “Okay, here’s where the fun begins,” he said with a grin. “I’m gonna rig you to the pulleys. You’ll be supported by two ropes on the top harness,” he tugged at the spots where the ropes would be connected at the top, “and two ropes supporting your hips,” tugging again at the bottom, this time to indicate where the ropes would be. “People who have done this before would generally use one connecting rope, but you’re a Moose-sized human and I think you need the extra support so you don’t get rope burn or anything.”
“Yeah,” he said. A silence fell between the two men, neither comfortable nor uncomfortable. After a few minutes, Dean asked, “what were you listening to?”
Dean blinked, then smiled. “Are you asking me on a date, Cas?” Dean flirted playfully. Cas’ demeanor didn’t change, though Dean swore he saw a flush creep up Cas’ neck.
“Is it over yet?” Bobby yelled from outside the room. “Yeah, it’s over!” MJ replied. Bobby came back in and sat down next to MJ, who was finally starting to calm down.
Out of all the answers Dean thought to expect, that wasn’t one of them. MJ would be born in less than two years, so something must happen to Toni between now and then. “Do you know what happened to her?”
from one of the best of Tarantino’s films, but it was lively and upbeat and a lot of fun to play. His mom was the best musician he’d ever heard (although that may be colored by the facts that he was four and she was his mom), and she made everything she played seem like the most fun thing she ever did. He wanted to keep that spirit in everything he played, for himself and for his mom.
“I think he’s somewhere in the Middle East getting some reinforcements for the door. Why, what’s up?”
Mary came to stand beside Chuck holding the camera that Gabriel had left on the table. She waved a hand from Chuck to the boys, indicating he should join them for the picture, but he shook his head. “This is all them,” he told her with a smile. She shrugged her shoulders and told them to scoot closer together. Gabriel, Sam, Dean, and Cas stood together, arms slung over each other's shoulders, looking damned good and happier than ever.
“You tried,” he whispered, stroking her hair. When they started walking towards Lucifer, he stood up.
Castiel received another shocked look from Dean. “Dude, not sure this is really your thing. I mean, it’s James Bond.”
“Gabriel?” she said softly, cocking her head in a move reminiscent of Castiel. Gabriel stepped forward cautiously and took her hand, kissing the back of it. “The archangel Gabriel, at your service,” he said with a sweet smile. He snapped his fingers to produce a single white rose, then handed it to the flabbergasted girl.
"Uh huh," she says slowly, giving him a sideways glance. "And when's the last time you just stopped by to see how I was doing?"
"Hey bitch, hand me my phone, will ya?" he told his brother more than asked as he went to grab a beer. "Let's get this shit over with so we can call it an early night."
"It's gonna be entertaining, that's all," Bobby said, trying not to laugh. "In our time, MJ and Kevin are pretty close. I can't wait to see the look on her face when she sees him again."
“Don’t break your brain over there Samshine,” Gabriel joked to get Sam’s attention. “It’s a big concept, but in practice it is so simple you won’t even know you’re doing it. Just give it time,” he said, looking Sam in the eye and running a hand through his hair to push it out of his face.
“Mm hmm.” Dean went back to washing the dishes, trying to ignore Cas. Castiel was having none of that. He continued to pepper Dean’s shoulders with kisses as he ran his fingers against Dean’s skin just inside the waistband of his jeans. One hand dipped lower in Dean’s jeans. Cas cocked his head to one side. “No boxers, Dean?” Dean just shot him a smug grin over his shoulder then went back to washing the dishes. He was really enjoying playing with Cas.
The rest of the evening seemed surreal to Castiel. It seemed as though everyone’s attention was divided between himself and Dean, mostly with puzzled or inquisitive looks. He reminded himself that it may be due to the fact that he and Dean were basically rivals and had never socialized like this before, but he felt there was something more going on that he didn’t understand.
"Kevin," Dean said, pushing MJ towards him, "get my mom and the kids to a defensible room and have MJ lock it down with sigils."
Dean just shrugged. “Sure, why not?” As Dean just walked right past him and into the bookstore, Castiel just sighed and followed. Shortly inside, as he was musing on if this ‘date’ could get any worse, he ran into Dean when the man stopped abruptly in front of a display.
outnumbered by a family of hip hop lovers. He steadfastly refused to say or even hear the ‘a’ word, wanting as much normalcy as possible. It was still too much for Dean to comprehend that he had created an honest to God-
Dean just smiled and took Cas by the hand, pulling him over to the driver’s side of the Impala. “Yeah, we could have, but this is gonna be awesome, trust me.”
“I’m not old,” Dean muttered, setting his mother’s cello in the music room next to his electric cello before heading out to the garage.
that would make them freak out like Bobby did? He watched MJ double over, laughter not subsiding anytime soon. It didn’t look like Bobby was gonna share, so he had to wait until MJ could form a coherent sentence again. After almost five minutes with no sign of stopping, he finally just said, “spit it out MJ. What the hell happened?”
Before Sam could say anything, Gabriel put a hand on his chest to stop him. Turning towards Dean he pointed and said," you're on." He then turned to Castiel and pointed at him. "No faking it, and no mojo. Understood?" When Cas nodded, Gabriel snapped his fingers, instantly undressing both himself and Castiel and bending them over the map table, asses out. A bottle of lube sat on the table next to each angel. "May the best human win," he said. "And no whining when he does, Deano," he quipped.
Without hesitation, Dean answered, “yeah, I do. It’s not like I wanna jump his bones or I can’t keep my hands off him or anything, just like I love you, but more, you know? It’s really hard to explain, but I can feel it.”
Dean frowned at his brother and the archangel. He pulled his own raging erection from his jeans and lined up to Cas' abused hole. He pushed in slower, more carefully, than Sam had done with Gabriel. He may be pissed, but he cared more about Cas than this stupid bet. He started a slow rhythm, trying not to hurt the angel underneath him, but Castiel was having none of that. He angled his hips up and pushed back onto Dean so that Dean's dick hit his prostate. That found, Cas started slamming back onto Dean, Dean picking up and matching him thrust for thrust, the normally stoic angel wailing.
They couldn’t find the kid anywhere, and no one in Heaven was talking. On top of that, there were rumors floating around Hell that the Winchesters were going to kill the Scribe of God. Gabriel was sure similar rumors were floating around upstairs.
“Dean Winchester,” Crowley replied, “got your phone back from that charming young lady, I see. Has she filled you in on our little deal?”
He hit the End button to send it to voicemail. Before he could set it down, it started ringing again. He hit end again. This went on for about ten minutes before it finally stopped.
“Can’t cook without music!” Dean said cheerfully. He hopped down from the counter and got out a couple cutting boards and knives and asked Cas what needed to be done. “Can’t cook near grease without a shirt,” Cas retorted, and pointed Dean down the hall like a mother scolding her child. He came back wearing an old AC/DC shirt, and the two set to work.
Gabriel poked his head in the door first, smiling, before coming in with baby Sammy in his arms. "Hate to interrupt you guys," he said, waggling his eyebrows, "but little man here needs his Papa's grace." He brought the baby over to Cas' side of the bed. Cas sat up and reached out for Sammy.
“Not really,” she replied with a shrug, “I know it’s not that easy, especially when your dad can’t and won’t admit when he’s wrong-and yes, I believe he was wrong. As long as he can’t admit that you were right, that he’s fallible, you’re gonna be pissed and I really don’t blame you. But see, here’s the problem-the whole reason we’re here now, twenty years before our time, is because you made our lives a living hell. You threatened us, you threatened our dads, you killed people we loved because you thought Bobby would be the perfect vessel. Well, it turns out he’s not. Neither of us are. We tried, we can give permission all we want but an angel, not even an archangel, can inhabit our bodies. Now we just don’t know if you’ll still be a threat to us once we get back to our own time or not.”
“I just can’t work with the guy, Sammy. Would it make you feel better if I got Kevin to play the pieces with me?”
"Think that's such a good idea?" Sam asked warily. "This thing is powerful enough to compel you, compel us both. Might be asking for trouble."
Deciding it was too risky to let either Castiel or Gabriel take them back, they decided to scour the Men of Letters bunker for another solution. While Bobby, Castiel, Sam, and Gabriel searched through the archives and books in the library, Dean and MJ decided to check out the storage rooms to see if they had any kind of artifacts or spell components that might help.
“Well that’s a neat party trick,” Dean said, “but will that be enough to keep Lucifer from coming after the kids?”
Still coming down from their high and catching their breath, there was a soft knock on the door. Castiel tapped Dean on the forehead with two fingers to clean them up and quickly dress them each in a pair of sleep pants. When Cas opened the door, he found MJ standing there in her pajamas, face red and tear-streaked and barely able to breathe for the sobs escaping her. Cas immediately wrapped his arms around his daughter.
Dean stared at Cas’ spent body just lying there on the piano. That had to be one of the hottest fucking things Dean had ever seen.
“Philistine,” Dean said jokingly, not at all upset that Castiel doesn’t share his pie flavor preferences.
Deanna climbed up on Gabriel's lap, straddling his legs and wrapping her arms around his neck. "You have no idea," she said with a grin.
Just then, Gabriel’s phone notified him of a text message. When he opened it, Gabriel grinned like a kid in a candy store. “His name’s Sam,” Gabriel told him, “and you might just get to meet him. Looks like he and his brother are coming out tonight.”
“He’s very talented, both at playing and composing,” Castiel observed. “Does he do anything other than give private lessons?”
” before taking Kevin’s arm again. Kevin nodded at them, and they were gone. Dean jumped from his seat and said, “what the Hell, Gabe?”
When yet another door wouldn’t open, she turned to see Dean fighting off one of the Grigori. Torn between helping her dad and getting Sammy to safety, Dean made the choice for her by turning his head to one side and yelling “run!” So she did, wrapping both arms around Sammy and taking off at top speed. Sammy shrieked when he saw they were moving away from Dean and instantly flew them back, behind the Grigori.
Gabriel feigned shocked innocence. “It can wait, Samshine,” he said too sweetly. “You’ve been on the road for days, you dealt with a whole coven of witches, and you’re probably exhausted. Why don’t you take a nap, and Christmas dinner will be ready when
Now that Castiel was on the receiving end of Dean’s flirting, rather than observing it, he found it much more amusing. Maybe it was because this was much more subtle, the double entendres and innuendo throughout rehearsal without disrupting it. Castiel appreciated both Dean’s attention as well as the man’s ability to focus on what needed to be done.
Dean laughed again. “It’s called a quickie, Cas,” he explained. “It’s meant to be a quick release when you don’t have time to get undressed.”
Mary stood next to Bobby, smiling down at the baby in his arms. She was in her mid-sixties now, but still beautiful. “We’ve missed you guys this past year,” she told him. “We have so much to catch up on.”
"What's done is done," Gabriel said, snapping his fingers. Dean's phone appeared in his hand from MJ's pocket. "Now we figure out how to cage Lucifer if or when Crowley provides us with any leads."
Dean wished they could do the challenge before practice to pump him up. This season’s pieces were a collection of Beethoven pieces. With the composer being one of the more popular ones, the KCO board of directors decided to do a whole season based around his work to try to pull in more patrons and donors. Some of it was good, but overall it made Dean want to take a nap. A couple seasons ago he’d convinced the board to let them do a one-time show of them performing scores from popular movies and it was a hit, but there was no way they would green light an entire season around something like that.
Dean just stared at his arm, turning it to look at it from every angle he could as he said, “holy shit”. He looked up at Cas with a huge grin on his face. “Check it out Cas, our son’s a prodigy!” The other men examined Dean’s arm where MJ had cut it, then looked at the happy baby in his arms.
Castiel sighed. "Did you find anything, Gabriel?" he asked, exasperated at Dean and Gabriel's attitudes towards each other.
“Sam’s up!” he heard Gabe say excitedly. “Doc’s checking him out now, running some tests, but he’s up!”
playing from his nightstand. He tried to reach for his phone, but was unable to due to Castiel’s naked body sprawled across him, effectively pinning him down.
Sam stumbled into the kitchen looking for coffee. He desperately needed it at this point. "Happy birthday honey!" his mom called from the stove, removing a pancake from a pan.
Dean was pretty sure he had a handle on how to take care of his angel. He loved how Cas let him touch and explore his body, discovering how to take him apart and put him back together. He relished gently running his hands over Cas’ body, his angel so responsive under Dean. But if Cas wanted to play teacher for a night, far be it for Dean to deny him.
