He shrugged off his suit coat - he really needed to get it cleaned, he thought idly - and undid his cuffs. Carefully he rolled up his left shirt sleeve. He knew he still had a few good veins in this arm.
“So that’s why you disappeared on us.”  Harry nodded wisely. “It happens. Sometimes the fish gets away.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock is a soft bundle of smooth skin, sex, and warmth on his chest, but his voice still manages to retain a hint of its typical hauteur. He then ruins this imperious degree by reaching over to grab John’s left hand and deposit it on his own head.  John smiles and begins to run his fingers through the curls.
They’ve missed the last train back to London, but John doesn’t care because Mycroft has been paying their expenses. They book a suite in the poshest hotel in which John’s ever set foot.  They ride the elevator up to the top floor, and Sherlock is still talking and laughing the entire way. John doesn’t feel like Sherlock’s light makes him dimmer - he feels like it feeds him and makes him glow.
How extraordinary.
Sherlock used his heritage differently. The man knew Diagon Alley like the back of his hand, and he retained an intimate knowledge of every dark corner of Knockturn Alley. He knew exactly where an illegal talisman would be purchased - a skill he seemed to take perverse pleasure in demonstrating to John. He was as comfortable conversing with a werewolf as a wand-maker.
“Come on,” John said, his voice coarse as gravel.  “Together.” He gently took them both in one hand, and then Sherlock reached down. His hand was larger than John’s, and between the two of them, they were able to press their erections tightly together. At the sight of their swollen glans emerging from their combined fists, both boys let out low moans.
Sherlock’s imperious façade melted away. His eyes remained open, albeit unfocused, and he stared at John with an expression of wonder. He began to pant heavily, little gusts of air escaping his mouth like they were being wrung from his lungs, and as John began to move his hand quicker, he began to softly vocalize:
John could feel his orgasm building and he forced himself to open his eyes and look down. What he saw almost made him lose it right there. Sherlock’s unusual eyes were locked on John’s face. His full lips, wet with saliva, were stretched around John’s cock. When he saw that John was looking at him, Sherlock hummed and took John deeper. John felt his glans hit the back of Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock swallowed it down.
John huffed and swiped a hand over his damp eyes. “That’s not the dumbest theory you’ve ever had.”
Trying to collect his thoughts, John leaned over Sherlock so that he could gently probe the back of his head. Sherlock stiffened at first, and then slowly the tension melted away as John continued his survey.
For some time, John could do nothing but drift in waves of pleasure. Then the desire to see how Sherlock was faring became too much, and John opened his eyes to sneak a glance at Sherlock’s face. He felt his hand falter in its rhythm.
Two days later, John is reading on the sofa. His shift at the surgery was draining, and he’s resting his left arm on the armrest, his chin tucked against his fist. Sherlock is perched on the back of his chair, angrily marking up an article about a curare poisoning at a hospital in Lisbon. He stands suddenly, lets out a huff, and hurls the journal in the direction of the fireplace. In three strides, he’s across the room, and he swans onto the end of the couch opposite John. He pulls up his feet, and John watches his long toes inch closer and closer to his own legs. Another frenzy of movement, and Sherlock is suddenly twisting around, squeezing his lanky body into the fetal position. His feet now press against the armrest, his spine is against the back of the couch, and his curly head is in the middle, two feet from John’s lab. Sherlock lies still, breathing noisily and staring intently at the fireplace.
Anderson’s eyes were ablaze with anger. He glared past John. “This isn’t over, Holmes!” he said fiercely.
Shaking his head, John gathered up his own belongings. He caught Molly staring at him, so he shot her a wink, picked up his own backpack, and left the room.
John lets himself have time to wallow, and then he gets up to make himself a cup of tea. Because if he doesn’t make himself get up again, then how can he face the next missing child and the one after that?
clever-” John rolled his eyes, even knowing Sherlock couldn’t see the expression. “But you’re hardly stupid either. You should have been able to memorize the spells and wand motions. And you are almost overflowing with magic - it’s quite loud when you walk into the room. Your skin almost pulses with it.”
“Oh, God, just go!”
John mouths Sherlock’s other nipple and continues to work Sherlock with his thumb. After a few minutes, he exchanges his thumb for his second and third fingers. Sherlock’s hisses against the intrusion, but his breaths quickly become gasping moans, and John begins to scissor his fingers, opening Sherlock with a steady hand even as his heart pounds against his chest like a wild thing trying to escape its cage.  When John adds a third finger, Sherlock’s cries grow loud and throaty and John thinks it’s the hottest thing he’s ever heard.
Sherlock didn’t move, and John began to get nervous, wondering if he had pushed too far. Then Sherlock blinked and slowly picked up his mobile again. He hunkered over the device.  John felt his heart drop.
“Mike!” a girl’s voice called out.
Next Sherlock became aware of unremitting nausea, and his throat clicked three, four times before he was able to swallow against the deep need to vomit. Only then did he open his eyes.
The living room is dark as he turns on the kettle, and he thinks he’s alone. Then the scent of cigarette smoke wafts under his nose, and he tenses before moving to the edge of the kitchen. His eyes have to adjust before he can see the dark shape huddled against the window.
John, for his part, could only shake his head.  It seemed impossible, John thought. But then again, was the universe ever so lazy?
Quite suddenly, John was hit with a wave of loneliness that almost made him stumble.
Sherlock didn’t respond.
John sighed. “You remember the night-” he lowered his voice “-we went to the club?”
It was Friday, a week after the rugby game. John had just finished a terrible practice.
Sherlock discovered his voice: “You found me.” It was a statement of complete fact - there could be no debate. Sherlock and John would tempt death and danger, that was a given, and just as sure as that fact was the one that John would find him.
That was when Moriarty took him.
with it. Magic swept around Sherlock like his ridiculously dramatic coat, sweeping around his body as he turned and paced across their flat, glittering around his fingers when he gesticulated at a crime scene, and spilled from his lips with a few short words.
But Mycroft would never forget the look in his brother’s eyes when he had returned. Mycroft’s own lips had stretched into a grateful smile to see the boy awake, but Sherlock’s face was so still that it could have been carved from marble. His eyes, grey and blue and green, were pinched in pain, and they had flickered with an emotion so deep that Mycroft had almost stumbled and fallen. This emotion would disappear just as quickly, and Mycroft never did identify it.
Sherlock grabbed John’s tee in tight fists, his fingers tangling in the cloth. Delighted, John chuckled and then proceeded to work Sherlock with sure and steady strokes, twisting his wrist every few tugs, and circling his thumb around the glans.
John felt a surge of anger, and he breathed deeply through it. Sherlock was watching him curiously.
Sherlock’s mouth is moving lower, laving along his right clavicle. “Very good, John,” he hisses, and he moves to the left clavicle. “You’re almost there.”
When the final whistle blew, John hooted and hollered and ran towards his teammates. Between him and Dimmock, they managed to pick up Greg and carry him halfway across the pitch. Greg struggled and laughed and shouted to the sky.
John’s fingers closed around Sherlock’s wrist and his magic, which had been riotous only a moment before, grew still. Then it surged, as though fleeing from John, and although John’s attention was entirely on the cauldron before him, for a moment - just a moment - it felt like his magic was moving
It’s so late that it’s closer to morning than night, and they are in the back of a cab on their way back from Chelmsford. John is studiously keeping his eyes off the meter and hoping they charge the clients enough to make up for Sherlock’s favored method of transportation.
For several long moments, they lie still. John wishes he could stay this way the entire night. But he knows he’s crushing Sherlock and he worries Sherlock will be sore - their love making was hardly gentle. He reaches down to grasp the condom, and he eases himself out gently. As he pulls away, their skin sticks together in a mess of semen and sweat.
you knew. I don’t care about your stupid magic trick. I asked you what punishment you’d like for telling my girlfriend about Sally.”
“John,” Sherlock says again, his voice now soft. “Please.”
And then he was here. He was alone.
Lining himself up, his glans brushing against Sherlock’s opening, John takes a shaky breath and makes himself pause so he can memorize this moment
He hoped.
The fluorescent lights made his skin itch, and the overabundance of sensory input - the murmuring of the nurses, the beeping of the telemetry monitors, the smell of alcohol and antiseptic - was just
Sherlock, who had been staring at the door to the pub as though sheer will could conjure the criminals, glanced over at John once and then returned to his quiet sentry.
“Oh!” When Molly smiled, her cheeks grew deep dimples, and John found that he couldn’t hold back his own answering smile. “That’s great! Maybe we can all study together?” She looked so hopeful that John found himself agreeing without a second thought.
“You’re friends with Sherlock Holmes?” Greg asked, and it sounded like he was asking if John practiced fire-walking or snake-charming over the weekends.
This will not bode well for the rest of the case nor the integrity of 221B’s walls.
Sherlock reared back, and in the sudden cold air where his body had been, John shivered. But then Sherlock shuffled backwards awkwardly on the bed to rid himself of his pajama bottoms as well, and John found himself mesmerized. Sherlock seemed to be sculpted from miles of pale skin, and despite his thinness, his arms, legs and shoulders were lined with lean muscle.
Breathing in through his nose and out from his mouth (Ella would be so proud, he thinks a little hysterically), John ignores his aching back. John is kneeling, his spine curled into a perfect C, and Sherlock’s head rests on his thighs. John studies his friend’s face from upside down, searching for any sign that he’ll awake. Sherlock is still and wan beneath him, the only splashes of color on his face a darkening bruise on his right temple and the tacky blood drying in his dark hair.
“God. Has anyone touched you like this before?”
John turned his attention to the front of the room.
John closed his eyes, swallowing against the knot in his throat. He pulled the magic towards him again, and again he felt it spill away, spreading out like tendrils of mist. It was hopeless.
Their shared dance had been a hot and heavy foreplay, and so John knew it wouldn’t take much to push him over the edge. Sherlock could have been awful at blowjobs, the absolute worst, and John was pretty certain he would have still managed to have an orgasm.
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
John wasn’t as tall as Anderson. He weighed at least a stone less than him. But as John stood straighter, pulling back his shoulders back and stepping forward, making Anderson stumble backwards, John felt like a giant..
“Thank you, John,” he said, his voice oddly formal. His back straightened, he nodded once, and then he was ducking into the hallway.
Sherlock's mouth twisted. "I wouldn't call fellatio and a satisfactory hand job sex, John," he said tightly.
, John realized with a start - on his friend’s face.
Tapping his long fingers on Lestrade’s desk, Sherlock felt his lips twist. He looked away.
“Want me to-?” John bit his lip and paused. He wondered if Sherlock had thought to bring a second condom.
“No,” Sherlock said, his voice tight. He pulled John’s hand free, and John almost protested, but then Sherlock messily licked John’s palms, liberally covering it in saliva. “Like this.” He put John’s hand back to his groin and shuddered when John took him in hand. “Just do it.” He rested the back of his head against the wall and closed his eyes.
.” Sherlock tried to infuse his voice with steel. For once he was glad of MacKinnon’s unobservant nature - the other man did not notice Sherlock’s precarious state. He startled, realized who was threatening him, and fled the toilets.
John was stuck between feeling jubilant that he had so completely engrossed Sherlock and mortified over what had happened.
Molly leaned over and whispered to John. “So what was
Reaching down, John began to tug at Sherlock’s belt, his fingers clumsy with lust. He felt Sherlock chuckle into his mouth, and then his hands were pushing John’s aside. They both took care of their own belts. John shoved his trousers and then his pants down so that they rested low on his hips, and when he finally pulled away from Sherlock’s mouth, he saw that Sherlock had done the same to his own clothing.
“He knows the coolest things. He’s, like, an encyclopedia of true crime, and he’s brilliant at chemistry. He also knows a lot about ash, which is pretty weird, I know, but he gets really passionate about it. He left class last week because I told him about the robbery at Monroe’s. He says there’s been a string of robberies, and I guess he’s investigating them? He told me he’s questioning people in the neighborhood and he’s all but harassing the police. I mean, he’s not going to solve it! He’s this skinny, weird sixth former who wants to be a detective, and it’s ridiculous, but it’s also cute, if you know what I mean?”
Sherlock does not respond in words, but he throws his legs apart in blatant invitation and John doesn’t need to be told twice. He pulls away from Sherlock, who whimpers when John’s fingers leave his body, and kneels. He tears open a condom packet with his teeth and allows himself two loose strokes of his own cock before rolling it on. He finds the lube and pores more over the latex, slicking himself thoroughly. Sherlock is watching him through dark eyelashes, his knees falling wider apart. John snags a pillow and pushes it under Sherlock’s hips, and Sherlock braces his hands against the headboard without being asked.
Greg elbowed him and said in a stage-whisper, “She means us, mate.”
“It sounds to me,” she said carefully, “that this is a kid who doesn’t have a lot of friends. He probably doesn’t know a lot about social interactions. It sounds like he feels something for you. When he saw you flirting with a girl, which is what you do - you flirt, Johnny, you are the absolute worst - it hurt his feelings. He doesn’t know how to deal with that, so he’s super pissed off.”
He looks down at his feet and really thinks about it. He thinks about the past several months. His last date was .. eight, no nine months ago. He thinks about touching Sherlock, his soft hair, the smooth skin of his neck, the callouses and tiny healed scars on his hands. He thinks about the way Sherlock looks at him when he doesn’t know that John is watching. He thinks about the flashes of
Sherlock’s hips buckle - he’s trying to get up again - but John holds him down easily. He wonders idly that if there were other consulting detectives in the world, would they be as stubborn as his?
Sherlock crossed his arms. “This is intolerable.”
Their kitchen table was covered in the dried remains of various plants, just half of which John recognized, and Sherlock was finely chopping their roots, making small piles in a pattern only he knew. John was in the living room, ostensibly enjoying the heat of the fire, but actually keeping watch to ensure his flatmate didn’t accidentally poison himself.
Sherlock relaxes his shoulder under John’s hand so that the pressure John’s exerting helps him turn on his side. John opens his mouth for a sharp retort, but it dies on his lips when a small whimper escapes from Sherlock. He collapses onto his back, droplets of sweat adorning his forehead.  He’s breathing heavily through his nose.
Blackmailer and detective are fished out by a passing tour boat, filled with thrilled tourists snapping photos. John is reunited with Sherlock on the banks of the river and he internally debates the medical appropriateness of punching Sherlock so soon after his head injury. Sherlock, looking not unlike a drowned terrier, grins madly as Lestrade reads him the riot act.
And soon a summer trotting behind Sholto became a six month apprenticeship, and six months with the dragons became five years.  John learned how to mend the human body without charms and spells, and the memory of his time at Hogwarts became dimmer and less painful. John had found a place where he fit.
"So is this just about stealing things or does it include, um, murder?"
As John slowly came back to himself, he realized that his forehead was pressed tightly against Sherlock’s shoulder. He could feel Sherlock breathing heavily and deeply against his ear. Then Sherlock moved just a little bit, and John felt the press of a kiss against his temple. It was tender and sweet, and John wasn’t quite sure how to react, so he stayed still and breathed in Sherlock.
Sarah’s eyes were quite lovely, John told himself as he snuck a peek at her. Sure, they didn’t have all the colors that Sherlock’s had. And, he had to admit, he didn’t feel that indescribable pull to see her smile and to know that he had caused it.
“Mr. Holmes?” Bradstreet asked, his voice droll.
Sherlock begins to slowly draw his bow back and forth, forcing his violin to emit a ghostly, crying note that lingers on and on. It drills into John’s ear, and he begins to wince.
“You’ll figure it out,” Harry said. She leaned a bit so that she could bump his shoulder with her own. “You’re a good guy.”
because Sherlock is a snob. Other people can dismiss the caress of harsh fabrics, but to Sherlock, it’s like dressing in sandpaper. UV lights aren’t simply a mild irritant, but a glaring, buzzing cacophony of discomfort.
Panting, Sherlock pushed the nausea and discomfort to the back of his mind and made himself sit up more fully. He had to think.
explosion.”
Sherlock meanwhile began to thumb through an ancient book, one eye still on the smoking potion. He found the page he was searching for, set it down open on the table, and began to root through his jars of supplies.
There was a rustling to his left, and Sherlock turned his head, slowly in case of nausea. Thankfully, his stomach remained settled.
“You’ll like it,” Charlie said, his voice low and sly, as though he knew he had John. “It’s right up your alley. Dragons and adventure - could be dangerous.”
Harry reached out again, and he readied himself for another rough shove, but then she bit her lip, and her hand drifted down to their table, sticky with spilled alcohol. Her head cocked, she studied John more closely, and something serious passed across her face, there and gone in the next moment.
Bradstreet swept into the room and froze when he saw Sherlock. First there was shouting (“How the
Later, after he had been found and nursed back to health, after it became clear that even magic couldn’t completely heal his shoulder, after all the healers agreed that his leg didn’t even need healing (even if it still refused to bear his full weight), John would wonder if he was the only one who looked around the jubilant and celebrating wizarding world and felt only emptiness. He knew he couldn't return to the physicality of his job in Romania.
John traces the sharp edge of one cheekbone with his fingertip. The pale skin is soft. His touch drifts, but when he reaches a violent dash of blood, his hand begins to tremble, and he returns to the cheekbone, unmarred and lovely.
He rolled onto this stomach and crawled to the couch, the only piece of furniture in his studio flat. He shoved one corner of the couch aside so that he could reach the loose wood panel beneath. This revealed a dark cubby, and from here he pulled out his case. His fingers stroked the glossy cover, and he moved to sit cross-legged, letting the anticipation build.
His eyes narrowed dangerously, and Sherlock’s voice became silken and low. “What conclusion was that?”
John looked up mid-chew.
Unmoving on John’s lap, Sherlock groans. “John, really, you’re being unreasonable. I simply require some rest.” He raises his voice. “Lestrade, we shall be returning to 221B, of course, provided my instructions were not so complicated that your lot allowed the counterfeiters to escape.”
Mycroft then carried his little brother back to the road, feeling as though he was carrying some rare and broken bird. Sherlock was small in his arms and trembling ever-so-slightly. The boy was quiet and spoke only when asked direct questions. He would remain quiet for the rest of the afternoon and during his night in the hospital. He’d still be quiet the following day as he was readied for surgery for his broken wrist. It had been a terrible fright, Mummy would say, and of course Sherlock, who was a sensitive boy, would be quiet and not himself.
“It’s always been like this,” John said. He crossed his arms over his chest, feeling the desire to curl into himself. “I know the spells, and I get the theory behind them. I can picture the way the magic is supposed to go. But when I try to direct the magic, it does whatever it wants. Sometimes it all goes right, but most of the time the magic just ... goes away.”
Sherlock gave no hint that he thought about their night together. Maybe it was best for John to forget Sherlock-at-the-club. Sherlock-at-school was colder and more aloof, but he was also interesting and inadvertently funny and sometimes John could see hints of something more fragile beneath. It didn’t seem right to be fantasizing about his friend. It felt like he wasn’t respecting Sherlock’s privacy by reminiscing over his smooth skin and plush lips.
When John pulls back to suck air into burning lungs, Sherlock attacks his neck, nibbling and biting and staying just on the right side of pleasure versus pain.
,” he said disdainfully, “all together at dinner, gossiping and laughing. What a lovely time we’d all have. How
he had spent, begging his magic to listen. He thought of the sweat and the tears and the pain. He thought of every pitying look from his schoolmates, every sympathetic pat from his teachers, and every quick glance and hasty turning away from a fellow wizard. Sherlock never coddled and he had never patronized John. He had simply let John in - into his apartment, his world, his
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock.
“And yet it’s happening,” Lestrade responded cheerfully, pushing the file across his desk so that it rested in front of Sherlock’s right elbow.
John opened his eyes.
Something deep in Sherlock’s gut turned over and squeezed. He slowly curled into the fetal position, an animal protecting its soft underbelly.
But he could not quite bring himself to forgive Mycroft for leaving him. Sherlock could never forget that when he woke up, in pain from a broken wrist and nasty concussion, he woke up alone.
Sally leaned forward and lowered her voice. “Look, you’re new here. So you don’t know. But there’s something wrong with him. He’s a freak.”
Sherlock continued to stare.
Molly peeked at him from the corner of his eyes. Whatever she saw in John’s face made her eyes soften. “He’s brilliant.”
John raised an eyebrow.
Didn’t criminals have any sense of originality, Sherlock wondered crossly, as he picked the lock of the back door.
Sherlock doesn’t react to John’s approach nor the cup set at his elbow. He doesn’t look as John pulls up a second chair. It’s a tight fit, but John makes it work. He climbs into the seat and settles next to Sherlock.
The same pattern continued for the next two days. John felt the pit in his stomach grow every day, and he idly wondered if he was old enough to get a stomach ulcer.
Sherlock’s interest in the chemistry was infectious, his knowledge boundless, and John found that he learned more under Sherlock’s absent-minded tutelage than he had the previous night, when he had spent an entire hour reading over the textbook in preparation.
And afterwards, after the headache and nausea of his concussion had gone away, and after his wrist had healed and the scars from the surgery had faded to thin white lines visible only if one knew exactly where to look, Sherlock would be able to admit that he knew why his brother did what he did. He knew Mycroft had left him to find help. He understood why Mycroft had made this decision, and he even understood, logically, that it was the right one.
“Bollocks!” Greg said, disrupting the moment. The others turned to look at him. His hands were on his hips and he was shaking his head with mock disappointment. “Do all of you have to be so smart? Are you sure you want to hang out with the likes of me?”
Sherlock leaned forward as well, and for a moment their foreheads touched, but then John saw something flicker across Sherlock’s eyes, and John had a moment to pause and peer more closely into Sherlock’s face before the other man tilted his head, and then their lips were touching.
He was John Watson.
But Sherlock had been gone. John didn’t dare to hope he’d see the other boy again - the likelihood of running into Sherlock in a city as large as London was near impossible. His heart ached. John could only hope that the events of the previous night would fade to a lovely, erotic memory.
He expected Harry to chide him further, but she surprised him by reaching out to touch his arm. “What happened?”
John realized that he was hearing the club’s music as though through deep water, his entire focus having coalesced onto this singular dancer. He couldn’t stop staring.
John risked a glance at Sherlock. His dramatic eyebrows were pulled into a tight V as he studied the potion, and his tongue was sticking out between his lips. John found his gaze lingering on Sherlock’s mouth, and he suddenly realized that he was still holding Sherlock’s wrist. He could feel Sherlock’s pulse under the delicate skin below his own thumb.
John felt a flush of pleasure. Sarah wasn’t playing games. She clearly found him attractive. She looked at him, not at her phone. Her smile was freely given, not a rare gift. Her body language was open and inviting.
“Talk about it?” An elegant eyebrow rose.
Shrugging, Molly continued down the line. “How was it sitting with Sherlock this morning?”
“If you haven’t already, you need to call an ambulance,” John says. His relief at the rescue is overshadowed by his ongoing concern over Sherlock’s state. “Sherlock was hit on the head. He’s not able to stand and he needs to go to the A&E for a head CT, at the very least.”
John’s eyes flickered to the puddle of sick beside Sherlock. “Oh, Sherlock,” he said, his voice infinitely sad. “You were sick. The chloroform.”
“Okay?” John asks.
Then things got messy.
“Here you go, hun.” Clara pressed her lips against John’s hairline and squeezed his shoulder before she moved around their table to cozy up against Harry’s side. John thought about protesting the gift - at seventeen, he was underage, after all - but ultimately he decided to hold his tongue. He’d already used the fake ID that Harry had obtained from God-knows-where to get into the club. What was one more broken law?
John rolls out of the bed and almost trips in his haste to reach his carry-on. The lube and condoms are right where Sherlock said they would be and John wonders how he failed to notice them earlier. He decides to dismiss these thoughts - he should be used to Sherlock being several steps ahead of him by now.
John was a smart boy, all of his professors agreed, and he performed spells exactly as he had been taught. The problem, however, was that magic didn’t always listen to John Watson
Clearly the deans who had made up
John can only shake his head. “Sherlock, how in the world could you know this would happen?”
John handed him a clamp. “What, did you, like, call them or something?”
“Your duffle bag. Outer right pocket.”
John had thought it was a harmless crush, but she was right: he had it
John doesn’t think he’s read this wrong, but he wants to be sure. So he waits for Sherlock.
And then, without fully understanding how it came to pass, Sherlock found himself sharing a table at the library with Victor.
Did Sherlock think about the night at the club? Did he know how often John thought about it.? Even now, snapshots of those memories paraded through John’s brain - the dance, the supply room, the most amazing blowjob of his life... John felt his cheeks turn pink.
“Well,” John said, and then he felt foolish because he didn’t know what to say next. It seemed unreal that minutes ago he had brought Sherlock to orgasm with his own hand, but now words felt somehow too intimate.
and unremarkable, approaching such a creature seemed the height of lunacy.
Shaking his head, Sherlock remained where he was. “You too,” he said, thrusting his chin towards John’s torso. John grinned and divested himself of his pajamas in record time. He reached up and pulled Sherlock to him, and both men groaned as their naked skin finally met.  Sherlock’s mouth attacked John’s throat, sucking a blood bruise to the surface, then laved the smarting skin with his tongue in apology. John ran his nails down Sherlock’s back and thrust upwards.
Sherlock’s lips twitched and he leaned forward, his cheek just barely brushing against John’s. “Isn’t this familiar?” he asked. His voice was soft and deep, and John could feel it rumbling where their chests were tightly pressed together.
Sherlock. Still, lust aside, he could admit that he had begun to think of this strange, shy, and sometimes confrontational boy as his friend.
And then it was over. Sherlock blinked, and his expression softened. “Interesting,” he said, and he spun on his heels. He snagged his violin and returned to the living room. Soon the room was filled with a cacophony of sharp and irregular noises, interrupted haphazardly with lovely strings of song.
terrible at blowjobs.
Sherlock had seen him talking with Sarah.
Lestrade nods. “I’ll take care of it.” He disappears from the doorway. One of his team comes in to question them, but Sherlock remains quiet, so John provides short answers. The majority of his attention remains on his flatmate, although he keeps an eye on the door through which he hopes to see paramedics soon arrive.
John thought of pale eyes and a warm mouth against his own, a dance that still turned his blood to fire when he thought of it, and then the unbelievable pleasure he had experienced in the supply closet. “No. I mean, yeah, we met once. I was surprised to see him last week. I didn’t know what school he went to.”  He studied his sandwich.  “Does he want to go to medical school too?”
“John!”
Wearing a soft smile that touched his eyes more than his mouth, the doctor stepped forward and oh-so-slowly - as one would approach a wild animal - raised his left hand. Just before he touched Sherlock’s cheek he paused, giving the other man a chance to move away or give some other sign that this was not wanted.
“Sherlock…” he managed to say, his voice little more than a whisper, and Sherlock surged forward.   Their mouths crushed together, Sherlock licking into John’s mouth, and John doing his best to remember to breathe. Their hands continued to move with increasing frenzy across their cocks. John felt a familiar heat build in his groin, and he pulled Sherlock closer. He began to whisper in Sherlock’s mouth - half-spoken promises, ridiculous endearments, and almost prayers.
“Let them do their job,” John says wearily, standing up and shaking out a foot that fell asleep. He feels oddly bereft now that Sherlock’s been taken from his arms.
“You want to fuck me,” Sherlock’s voice is a growl against John’s Adam’s apple. “Yes, I want you to.”
His mood
John realized that he was glad Harry had come over for dinner.
He turned.
It turned out that Sholto really didn’t care if John’s spells were just as likely to crumble like sand as listen when John waved his wand. The senior wizard only cared that John was thoughtful and steadfast, not scared of the dragons, and didn’t become sickly around blood or claw injuries.
Sherlock takes a few shaky breaths and raises an unsteady hand to his mouth, wiping his lips. “I beg to differ,” he says. He is clearly trying for haughty, but the waver under his voice gives him away.
“Ah,” John swallowed and winced. “Yeah, that was my fault. There was a robbery across from my bus stop and I mentioned it to Sherlock. He got excited. I guess there’s been a spree and he thinks he can solve it or something.”
Molly’s eyebrows inched toward her hairline. “Sherlock usually works alone,” she said, looking to Mike for support.  Mike nodded in agreement.
The paper contained a series of numbers and nothing more.
to be kissed before, and he was pretty sure he didn’t want to be kissed now. Kissing had always seemed like an unsanitary practice, highly illogical and therefore beneath his notice.  But as Victor’s soft lips lingered on his own, warm and with just the right amount of give, Sherlock was surprised to find that the sensation was not unpleasant.
Grinning, John leaned forward, resting his forehead against the bony knob of a cervical vertebrae. He took a deep breath in, savoring the smell of sweat and sex.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, his voice soft. It wasn’t much, but to John it was like seeing the sun come out after a week of rain.
improved when he caught sight of Anderson’s bulbous and bruised nose that morning. But the moment he saw Sherlock’s curly head, John’s nerves began to grow.  What if Sherlock had re-thought his decision to forgive John?
After Lestrade and his Aurors had been called, after Moriarity had been tied up with so many spells that even Grindelwald himself wouldn’t have been able to break out, after Mycroft had apparated poolside to personally escort their prisoner to Azkaban, they were finally allowed to go home.
When Sherlock woke the next morning, he found himself curled on his side. He had no memory of the moments after the injection. This was odd. Normally he’d feel sweaty and ready to scratch off his own skin the morning after using, but he’d also possess some lovely memories. He’d remember the moments after the injection when colors bled into his drab little flat. He’d remember the kaleidoscope of sound and smell and taste from London blooming through his brain. He would remember his genius, the moments of the case, and he’d laugh and laugh at his own cleverness.
After hands had been shaken and backs slapped, John gathered his things and made his way over to his friends, Greg at his side.
John feels a flare of anger, but it flickers out almost as soon as it ignites.  When a case goes wrong or the cruelty of humanity feels utterly pointless, John resorts to anger. He needs to imagine hurting the perpetrators, raining down righteous violence, and he’ll often be short with Sherlock for days. Sherlock, in turn, takes the hurt of the world and directs it inward, harming only himself. The cigarettes are a slow self-harm, an insidious poison. John doesn’t have to like it, but he understands that this is Sherlock’s way.
Sherlock started, and his eyes dropped to his desk. The pink of his cheeks spread, and John saw that when he blushed, the color went to his long, pale neck, the one that John had kissed the night before.
Every one of Moriarty’s spells was gone.
John nodded. “From Chelmsford. My sister’s been here for a year - she’s in uni - but Mum and I moved a few weeks before school started.”
“It’s all right. I mean, I’m from Chelmsford, so I’ve been here plenty of times. I’ve just never lived
In response to his classmates’ insincerity, Sherlock used his caustic words and razor-sharp glare like a protective jacket. One by one, the hangers-on dropped away. By week three of the semester, he was finally left alone .. almost.  One young man kept trying.
Sherlock seemed oblivious to John’s emotional turmoil.
John had to remind himself to swallow his food. His mouth was suddenly dry.  He coughed and waved off Mike’s concerned look. Trying to keep his voice casual, John asked, “Uh, Sherlock Holmes? Isn’t he in our biology class?
Chin in the air and voice haughty, Sherlock admitted, "Not for the jewelry store."
The routine began. Each movement was precise.
That’s that, then, John thinks, and he slips an arm around Sherlock’s low back, using momentum to throw the taller man onto the bed. Sherlock lets out a sound suspiciously like a squawk and then gasps as John crawls on top of him. John perches on Sherlock’s thighs and takes a moment just to stare at the man below. While he hopes there will be many more times like this in the future, this will be their only first time. He wants to savor it.
After that, if they don’t have a case, they spend the evening on the couch together. Sometimes John settles down with a book and sometimes he turns on the telly. Sherlock usually starts the evening in the kitchen, mixing noxious-appearing fluids or cutting bits of organic matter so that he can study them under his microscope. After John retires to the couch, however, he’s soon to follow. In no more than fifteen minutes (but never less than ten), he’ll wander into the living room with faux casualness, which John pretends not to notice.
For the first twenty minutes of the lab, Sherlock barely spoke, deigning to communicate in low hums and the odd grunt. He watched John collect the equipment for their lab without a word, his laser-sharp gaze cool and assessing. As John started to set up their equipment, Sherlock made a tsking sound and stepped into his space, grabbing the Bunsen burner from John.
“And that’s good?” John asked.
criminals. They had used chloroform and they clearly didn’t know how dangerous it was. Why was he alone and where was John? What if they had miscalculated? What if they had overdosed John? What if they had … they had
“That was unexpected,” Sherlock said, his voice hesitant.
The roaring in his ears was so loud he worried that his eardrums would rupture. John’s body was singing. He didn't think about trying to control the magic - he let it run through him, and he felt like a bottomless well. The power was unending.  It flowed into him, pumping through his veins and flowing through muscle and fat and blood, and then it moved on, beating in time with his heart, out of his body and away ..
For a short time, things are quiet.
Sherlock did not understand this.
Pale eyes glared at him.  “If you’re not interested…” The other boy tried to step away, but John refused to let go of his hands.  A small voice in John’s head yelled at him to stop, told him to let this stranger have his wicked way with him, this was new, this was different, this was
Sherlock did not look at him the entire period, and when class ended, he was up and out the door before John could even finish sliding his notebook into his backpack.
“Yes, it is,” John said, his voice low and filled with barely checked fury. “If you want to come for Sherlock, you have to go through me.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Anderson leaned more heavily into his forearm, shifting so that it pressed tightly into Sherlock’s throat. With this motion, Sherlock was forced to raise his head. His lips were set and his mouth tight, but there was a wretched acceptance in his pale eyes that made John’s heart ache.
“Sherlock-” He reached out to touch Sherlock’s shoulder.
The kettle whistles. John returns to the stove and prepares a second cup as well as his own. It might be ignored, cold tea poured into the sink tomorrow morning by John himself, but he can’t not offer it. It’s not about the tea. It’s not something corporeal he’s offering. John knows this and he suspects that Sherlock has begun to suspect it. They’re not ready to talk about it yet, however, and tonight is certainly not the right time.
Sherlock’s brain flickered and went offline.
The silence continues for a bit longer before Sherlock again tries to open his eyes. He immediately closes them again and his lips grow more pinched.
After they had safely disposed of their final products and packed away the material, John shook his head ruefully and turned to Sherlock. “That was … amazing.”
Besides, after their first night together, Sherlock did what countless healers had been unable: he cured John’s psychosomatic limp.
a know-it-all.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice sharp. John’s eyes fly up to Sherlock’s. Sherlock looks pleased, and he stretches his arms above his head, smiling when John catches his breath and studies the play of his abdominal muscles.
John raised his hand hesitantly and waved.
They came to the edge of the dance form, and the other boy led John around the dancing crowd until they reached the DJ’s set up. There, in the shadows, there was a door, and the other boy began to tug John towards it. John glanced over his shoulder once, wondering about the wisdom of following this stranger, no matter how good looking he was. He couldn’t see Harry and Clara. Still, he knew that his hesitation was only pretense. There was no way he wasn’t going to follow this boy..
Mike leaned forward, his meal forgotten. “The first time I met him,” he said, “he told me that my grandfather was dying. And he was right - granda had pancreatic cancer. Mum and Da knew, of course, but they hadn’t figured out how to tell me yet.” Mike let out a heavy sigh. “They were shocked when I asked them about it. And, mind you, all I had said to Sherlock was, ‘Hi, my name is Mike.’ That’s it.”
“Luckily you know how to pick locks,” John replied, reaching out with one hand, not daring to touch, but beginning to hope.
John winced. He tried to imagine the boy at the club shattering Mike’s innocence. Then again, this was the same boy who carried a lockpick and knew how to use it. John had already known there was something terribly unique about Sherlock Holmes.
John looked down at his sandwich. The idea of finishing it made him feel like he’d be sick.
Out of the corner of his eyes, John could see that Mike was still watching him, a smile playing around his lips. Keeping his own eyes on Molly, John tried not to think of the boy who had clung to the shadows of his dreams for the past week. Only after they left the lunch table and started toward the afternoon chemistry lab did John realize that he hadn’t heard a single word of Molly’s story about Greg Lestrade and French class.
“Anyway,” he said, trying to think of a better argument, “it’s a gay club.”
Why had Sherlock looked so angry? Why had he even come to the game to begin with, only to rush away like that?
“Really?” John asked.
For now, he’s content to wrap a silky curl around his finger and feel its soft texture against the calluses on his hands. Sherlock’s breathing grows shallow, and John realizes he’s discovered another secret weapon: petting his hair calms Sherlock down, and sex, it would seem, makes him sleep. He wonders what he can discover that will lead to Sherlock eating three square meals per day.
John’s gaze dropped to the ground, and his lips twitched as though he was trying to hide a smile. “Yeah, well, next time criminals hold a wet rag to your nose and mouth, you should try holding your breath. They thought I had passed out like you, and after they left me alone in my cell, I got out of my ropes, waited for someone to open the door to check on me, and took him down.”
But he hadn’t said yes either, and Victor - sweet, understanding Victor who didn’t seem to mind that Sherlock could not be bothered with small talk, who laughed at Sherlock’s rudeness and sometimes tugged a dark curl in response - continued to touch and lick and fuck.
Sherlock looked away again, frowning fiercely. He bit his lower lip, an oddly hesitant gesture in juxtaposition to his words.  "It's not a big deal," he finally said, his words oddly stilted. "It's not like you were pining for me. Or at least not so much that it would stop you from flirting with Sarah Sawyer."
dancing. He wasn’t a skilled dancer. He didn’t know a waltz from a fox trot, and he had spent more than one school dance rocking back and forth blandly with a girl under the watchful eyes of his teachers. But the type of dancing this club encouraged - thrusting hips, movement that was just a little less than sex,
The night was cigarette ashes in his mouth, and Sherlock’s clothing was sandpaper against his skin. On the floor of his grey apartment, Sherlock lay limply on his back. He lifted his head and let it drop. He barely felt the pain. Awful boredom had seeped into his bloodstream, and now it raced through his vena cava, to his right atrium, out the right ventricle and into his lungs. Now it was picked up again, pumping through the left heart to invade the rest of his tissues.  Nothing would ever be interesting again.
When John finally came, his chest pressed to Sherlock’s, the other man’s breath hot against his shoulder, their cries loud in his ears, bliss crashing from his toes to his pelvis and over his head like a wave, John knew he’d never need to search for belonging again.
John felt his face twist between utter bewilderment and fond forbearance. A giggle escaped his lips, and Sherlock hesitantly smiled back.
John’s left side was pressed against something warm. He looked up and was shocked to find that Sherlock was the something warm. His jacket was missing and he was in his shirt-sleeves.
Sherlock’s mouth returned to John’s. Sherlock kissed like every touch might be their last. It was messy and hectic and
And what could John offer?
John began to nip at Sherlock’s bottom lip, and Sherlock gasped in response. A burst of copper bloomed across John’s tongue, and John realized belatedly that it was blood. He had reopened Sherlock’s split lip. He tried to pull back to apologize, but something about the taste of blood seemed to create a frenzy in Sherlock. Sherlock pressed against his body more tightly and began to release mewing gasps from deep in his throat.
Well, John thought giddily, this was one way to introduce himself. He looked up.
Greg bragged that as the rugby captain, he could do more push-ups than anyone else on the team. John called him out, and soon both were stripped to their vests, trying to one-up the other while Mike loudly and theatrically counted in his best imitation of a sportscaster.
John had seen Sherlock smirk at him - dirty and intimate - in the club. He had seen Sherlock's lip quirk cruelly when he found a mistake in a textbook. But he hadn't seen Sherlock’s smile, genuine and soft across his lips. His eyes crinkled and he looked younger, and it was absolutely lovely.
By Sunday, John’s mum complained to him over dinner: “I don’t know where your head has been this weekend.”
By the time this case is over, Lestrade has something new for them and Sherlock declares himself fully recovered. He celebrates his good health by chasing a criminal halfway across the Millennium Bridge and then over the railing and into the Thames, scaring what John suspects is a good fifteen years off his own life.
Of course, John thought sulkily, Sherlock wouldn’t let them wait inside the pub where John could enjoy the warmth and maybe an ale. Instead they were outside, hidden from unfriendly eyes but not from the elements. John was soaking wet - he had used a spell to keep his shoes dry, but the magic could not be reigned in to protect his head and robes.
“It’s fine,” the boy said, his voice a low purr. “I have a condom.” He moved forward to kiss John again.
They were friends - John was almost sure of that. With every passing day, the night in the club had felt more like a dream. There were moments, mere seconds, when Sherlock’s eyes would meet his, and John would think that he could see a reflection of their lips pressed together, breathing heavily into each other’s mouths as the music of the club pounded in John’s ears… but in the next heartbeat, that image would be gone.
Sherlock threw himself into a seated position and immediately regretted it. His equilibrium remained impaired, and so he was able to appreciate the unique experience of feeling like the room - the dark room that he couldn’t see - was spinning around him.  He vomited again, barely missing his pants.
Sherlock supposed he was lucky to be waking up, albeit in the dark and alone…
There are small contacts, meaningless and quick, the type that are expected to occur between flatmates. Exasperated by Sherlock’s lengthy toilette, John hipchecks him one morning so that he can have some time in front of the mirror. The following Sunday, Sherlock’s dressing gown brushes across John’s bare arm as the detective reaches for the butter, and goose pimples trail behind. Nine days later, Sherlock snags John’s phone from his back pocket so that he can check the weather in Brighton. When John takes exception and tries to grab it back, Sherlock holds the mobile high over his head. Cursing his own height, John jumps and jumps for it, and Sherlock jabs him with a bony elbow in response.
“This,” John panted, tugging ineffectively at Sherlock’s thin shirt. “It needs to go.”
It was Sherlock.
Other things didn’t change.
Sherlock was mad - John was sure of it. His name was mad, as was his appearance, and even the way he practiced magic - wildly and as though he didn’t care if his spell landed or went amok - should have terrified John, he thought.
There has been a multi-car pile up on the M25, so Sherlock is triaged as a lower priority. His patience, tenuous at even the best of times, has long since snapped, and he finds a reason to argue every medical invention. He declares the taking of vital signs unnecessary and bares his teeth when the nursing student tries to start an IV. He concludes that the hospital blankets are unsatisfactory and petulantly throws them to the floor before he demands to talk to the charge nurse about the harshness of the overhead lighting. He is cruel to the registrar who takes his history, and he snips at John, taking exception to his tone of voice, his recitation of the events that have led them to the A&E, and even the squeaking sounds his shoes make on the lino.
Sherlock moved with a grace that seemed unnatural in a seventeen year old boy. John wondered if Sherlock had ever had an awkward phase - before he had grown to his impressive height, had he been coltish and unsure? Or had he always commanded such control over his graceful arms and overly long legs?
Two sets of eyes turned towards him.
John has been trying to ignore the both of them, but the words they aren’t saying become so stifling that John imagines he could choke on them. He’s at his desk, painstakingly editing his account of the museum case. He hopes to post it to the blog by tomorrow.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s not anything they - or others - haven’t done before.” His voice was very matter-of-fact.
Sally looked unconvinced. “You weren’t in our class in Year Ten when he lost it.”
and when John was with him, he was able to forget the phantom ache in his leg and the old hurt in his chest. Running through the streets of Muggle London, John again felt like he had discovered a place where he could belong - at Sherlock’s side.
“God,” John says, his voice harsh, and he surges up to press another kiss against Sherlock’s plush lips. Sherlock opens his mouth eagerly and bites at John when he pulls away.
,” Sherlock said, and he made it sound like this was the best thing that something could be. “I detest being bored.” He then looked up, frowning, as though surprised to find John sitting next to him. “What are you doing here?”
They finished the assignment early. As near as John could tell, the other students were only halfway done. Despite Sherlock’s improvisation, the results seemed perfect to John, and even Bradstreet provided mildly disgruntled praise at the workmanship.
If John spends several nights alone in his bed trying to remember the softness of Sherlock’s curls around his fingers as he fights sleep … well, no one will know.
John started to ask why and then he followed Greg's gaze to where Molly was chatting with Mike.
Slowly, John turned to look over his shoulder.
He could do this.
“Amazing game!” Molly said. Her cheeks were ruddy and she was smiling shyly at Greg.
“It’s gotta be tough switching schools before your last year. How are you liking London?”
It always surprises John how warm Sherlock is. He has the looks of a Pre-Raphaelite work of art, and the barriers he creates around himself with caustic words and too-knowing eyes might as well be made of stone, but John knows that the man beneath is very real. He bleeds just as easily and his heart, tucked away deep as it is, can be hurt.
In the following week, John would catch glimpses of Sherlock throughout the day - a flash of riotous curls in the hallway, a slender body sneaking off-campus with a cigarette in hand - and John found himself constantly turning his head, hoping for another longer look. Every time he caught sight of Sherlock, John would feel his heart begin to pound.
John has no idea what he’s talking about - did anyone even mention a dog walker? - but he can’t stop himself from smiling back at Sherlock. Sherlock squeezes his shoulders once and whirls, stepping over the body and striding away, his dark coat flaring around his feet.
Sherlock hummed again, intent on his plants, and then his head came up. He focused with laser-like intensity on John’s face. “Wait. What rumor?”
Sherlock growls and heaves himself to his side, facing away from John. The motion clearly makes him nauseous, and he spends the next several seconds panting. He gags once before he stills and lies his head down with stubborn gentleness. The tense lines of his back radiate abject misery.
Sherlock’s chin hit his sternum as he swallowed with great difficulty. He closed his eyes against the stabbing pain and felt a burning behind his eyelids. He wanted to attribute this to the chloroform, but he knew it came from a different source.
Afterwards, John wouldn’t be able to remember what had made him turn his head. There were plenty of other people around him - spectators and players, students and teachers and parents. There was no reason for his gaze to be drawn away from the girl at his side to a single figure just on the periphery of his vision. But still John looked, his attention drawn by some unknown gravity.
“Keep the bottle over the swelling,” he said, and he turned to grab his gym back. He snagged his school shirt, scrunched up a small section of its sleeve, and carefully dabbed Sherlock’s split lip.
Mycroft attempts a few more digs, but Sherlock no longer responds. The bureaucrat stares over his younger brother’s head, eyes intent on John’s hand and mouth shaped like he has swallowed something sour.  John then discovers that this method of quieting Sherlock has the added benefit of making Mycroft uncomfortable enough to make his excuses and leave, and soon the flat is peaceful.
Only days later did Sherlock finally recognize the reason for Victor’s regard.
Sherlock is standing at the foot of the bed, arms crossed tightly across his chest, and he winces a little under John’s gaze.
John fell out of his daydreams so quickly that his ears began to ring. He blinked twice. There was no way … this wasn’t possible …
He was forgotten now, an ignored pawn in Moriarty and Sherlock’s game. The two men weren’t even looking at him as they traded barbed words. Moriarty hadn’t even bothered to have John's wand taken, and oh, that stung - it meant Moriarity knew that something was wrong with John and considered him a non-player.
John can see it before it happens. He only has time to open his mouth for a warning before Sherlock raises one arrogant eyebrow, cocks his head, and then leans forward to messily vomit on Lestrade’s shoes.
Sherlock reads or studies case files, and sometimes he wanders the halls of his Mind Palace. Sometimes Sherlock watches the telly as well, insulting the plot lines, the dialogue, or the actors until John tells him to shut up. But no matter where he starts the evening, he ends up collapsed on the couch, his head on John’s lap. '
John’s hand sweeps up, and he begins to knead the muscles of Sherlock’s neck. He presses hard knowing that Sherlock will shudder away from light touch as though it’s something ghastly. He rubs his thumb across the baby hairs on Sherlock’s nape.
Plenty of jobs in the wizarding world didn’t require N.E.W.T.S., he told his friends. He had a world of opportunities at his fingertips just being a Hogwarts graduate, he told his professors. He pretended not to notice the pitying looks.
John’s eyes widened. “And you’re just left alone to run wild, doing whatever you want.”  He grinned. “You’re mad.”
Remove tourniquet.
“Here, sir,” said a deep voice from the back of the room.
In the end, it was a draw. Both Greg and John were unable to go on any further because they were laughing too hard at Mike’s over-enthusiastic narration. John rolled to his feet and made a show out of flexing his arm muscles. They ached, and he knew he’d suffer for this display of machismo tomorrow.
Sherlock’s tone became clipped. “You’re taking your A levels in chemistry, biology, and physics. You’re friends with Molly Hooper and Mike Stanford - you eat lunch with them every day and study together after classes. You’re applying to medical school - obvious. London has five medical schools, and you plan to stay in the city, of course. From what I’ve been able to glean from your personality, those three seem most likely to capture your interest.”
Clutching John’s hand, sweating with pain and nausea, and feeling like his skin was on fire because it was all too much, Sherlock could do nothing more than close his eyes tightly and nod.
Slowly, knowing that if he moved too quickly his head would throb off of his neck and roll away, never to be seen again, Sherlock looked towards his right and then his left. He had to close his eyes, for the sight of his wrist bent at such an unnatural angle was genuinely disturbing. Making sure to keep his face skyward, he opened his eyes again.
John didn’t have a place in the wizarding world. But he felt like he knew right from wrong, and he knew that Potter was right and that Voldemort was the worst type of bully.
Sherlock’s hands seemed to be everywhere - John’s face, then his chest, then reaching beneath the T-shirt John wore to sleep. His hands were a heavy brand on John’s ribs, and John had to tear his mouth away so he could gasp and suck in oxygen.
Panting, John blinked several times to clear his vision, and by the time he could see, Sherlock had neatly removed the condom and tucked John back into his pants. With shaking hands, John pulled up his jeans and closed his fly. Sherlock stood before him, and as John watched, his pink tongue emerged from the corner of his mouth and drifted across his swollen upper lip.
Sherlock snorts, and his voice becomes snotty. “Your touches have been escalating - in frequency, duration, and intimacy. I planned for this contingency. Granted, there was a certain allowance for error, and I wasn’t sure we’d get here, but it seemed like a possibility and I thought it best to be prepared.”
The victim was a child, and Sherlock always takes these a bit harder. In the six days it takes them to solve the case - to identify the kidnapper, to find the body, to tell the mother that she’ll have justice but never hold her son again - Sherlock sleeps not even a total of five hours.
Lips curling, Sherlock met his gaze evenly. He didn’t say anything, but he made a show of dipping his long fingers into the front pocket of his dress shirt, from which he pulled out a tube of Vaseline.
John separates the panels of the shirt with reverence, thinking it’s like Christmas morning as the wide expanse of Sherlock’s pale chest is revealed. He has very little chest hair and his nipples are dusky pink in color. He seems to be made of miles of smooth skin, marred by the occasional scar from his unconventional lifestyle, and John can’t stop staring. A trail of fine dark hair crosses his belly and narrows before disappearing under his wool pants. The lines of his pants are sullied by the bulk of his erection, and John’s mouth is suddenly dry.
John’s mind drifted to Sherlock’s long legs. He wore the same uniform that John did - that all the male students did - but on him it somehow looked … bespoke. John remembered the jeans that Sherlock had worn the night at the club. He thought of the hints of pale skin beneath. He remembered the hot length of Sherlock in his hand.
Before James, there had been rugby buddies and friendly acquaintances and plenty of girlfriends, but John had always felt more comfortable keeping others at arms’ length. He knew this probably had something to do with watching his parents, who fought fiercely and laughed just as loudly, gravitating around each other even as they leaned away like wounded animals to lick their wounds.
He was alone in the bed. Victor had left sometime in the night. Sherlock had not heard him leave.
John raises his head and meets Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock is watching him now, his expression wary. His eyes flit around John’s body as though he’s trying to read him, but he clearly doesn’t know what to think.
After biology, John had a free study period and so he went in search of Sherlock. He had a suspicion that he knew where to find the other boy.
“Take it,” John said, his voice a whisper.
Harry did have a point, he thought. Tomorrow at 8 AM, he’d be sitting in biology class, surrounded by strangers. The next several months would be filled with prep for his A levels. For now, in this dark room with the thrumming music and flashing lights, he was anonymous - just another body in the club. He could return to being boring tomorrow.
“Wrong,” John said, flexing his fists. “Sherlock’s my friend, and so this is my business.”
John bounced forward, and Anderson wisely stepped back, keeping out of the reach of John’s fists. His face twisted into an ugly moue. “This isn’t any of your business.”
John gawked. “How-?”
And Sherlock truly believed he might have wrenched his skin from his body, torn it off like macabre wrapping paper, if it weren’t for John.
Beside him, Sherlock keeps nodding off. His head hits his chin and he wakes up, coming online all at once, his eyes bright and fully engaged. But within a few minutes he begins to sag again, the post-case exhaustion finally catching up. John managed to bully a scone into him this morning, but he knows Sherlock hasn’t slept for three days.
They bickered about it, over and over, and one night John simply couldn’t take it anymore, so he stormed out, down the steps of 221B, across Baker Street, and around the corner, his breath tight and angry in his chest.
His favorite class was biology because he could sit next to Sherlock. The taller boy spent the period nose-deep in a book or staring intently at his mobile, and John would use his inattention to study the delicate bones of Sherlock’s wrists, his plump lower lip, or the dark hair falling artfully across his brow. Never before had John been so eager to go to school. By the fourth week of classes, his mum even commented on the spring in his step as he left the flat each morning.
From his position, John could only see one pale grey eye, and it was searching his face intently. John didn’t know what to say, so he gently tapped the drink that Sherlock held in his hands.  Slowly Sherlock raised the bottle and took a careful slip.  He silently offered it to John, who took a sip as well.
“No,” John said quickly, waving his hand and trying to tamp down his giggles. “I’m not laughing at you. I promise. I think it’s amazing you tried to bully your way into Scotland Yard. Don’t your parents keep a tighter eye on you?” He gently elbowed Sherlock’s side to show that he was teasing.
Sherlock opened one eye, narrowed tightly against the light. An ache began to form in the V between his eyebrows. “John?” he asked, his voice barely more than a rasp.
Sherlock’s lips were swollen from kissing, and there was a spot of blood where his split lip had reopened. John thought he looked like the personification of sex. His pupils were so large that his eyes seemed almost black, and he was watching John with an intense reverence.
Sherlock lifted his cigarette to his mouth, took a long drag, and then flicked it away.  He turned on his heel and strode away, leaving John staring after him.
“Yes? Yes, what? I don’t know…”
This time, Sherlock smiled outright. He peered at John from the corner of his eyes and his gaze swept from John’s head to his feet. He muttered a few words under his breath. The wetness of John’s robes evaporated, and although the rain still fell, it did not stick to his hair or clothing. He felt toasty and dry.
The following morning found John loitering outside the administration office at his new school.  He straightened his tie and leaned against the wall so that he could rub the toebox of his left shoe against his right calf, hoping to remove an ugly scuff mark. As he gave his tie one final tug, he felt it pull gently against a love bite on the side of his neck. Mild discomfort flared to life, igniting a sensation that shot through his chest and straight to his groin.
John, still basking in sudden warmth and comfort, blinked up at Sherlock. “A bee?” he asked, unable to keep the surprise from his voice. “That’s awfully … small.” He grimaced, wishing he could take back his words.
“He didn’t blow it up,” Molly argued, and John’s mouth hung open. “He caused a
John carefully steps out of his pants, but as he comes back to the bed, he stalls for a moment. Sherlock is recumbent, a combination of wild curls, long limbs, and lean muscle. He’s also divested himself of his pants, and his pale skin is vivid in comparison to the red sheets. His cock is long and darkly flushed. Pale iris watch John from hooded eyelids, and his lips part as John approaches. He slowly licks his lower lip and John feels it like a punch to his solar plexus.
Their lips meet again. Their kisses are gentler this time around but no less passionate. John slips his lower arm between Sherlock and the bed so that he can pull the taller man closer. His upper arm pets down Sherlock’s side. Sherlock rests both palms against John’s chest. Their lips move slowly, and then the heat begins to grow again. John pulls Sherlock closer and their erections press together, only separated by two thin layers of clothing. Sherlock gasps into John’s mouth, and John thrusts his tongue deeper, fucking Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock finally put down his book and turned to look at John head-on. He seemed perplexed. “That’s it?”
With no other options left, John limped back to London.
They don’t speak. Sherlock finishes his cigarette, and he stubs the end on the sill before flicking it to the street below. John doesn’t chastise him, and Sherlock doesn’t light another.  It’s another twenty minutes before Sherlock sighs, deep and heavy. His face is still as marble and there is nothing gentle about his lips or eyes. But his shoulders are a little less tense and John knows he’s touchable now. He reaches out and gently strokes Sherlock’s hair, flicking the fringe from his forehead, and then running his palm over the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock blinked, and his eyes sluggishly focused on Lestrade’s face. The other man wasn’t worried, at least not yet, but his brows were drawn tight and the lines around his eyes were more pronounced than usual.
At first, Sherlock assumed it was because he was so clever. He was by far the cleverest in their chemistry class, and certainly more clever than Victor. It wasn’t that Victor was a doldrum, of course, just that he wasn’t the type of clever that Sherlock was.
They take a case in Glasgow.
him. John wishes he could yell at each and every one of those people for hurting Sherlock, for ridiculing him, for not seeing what a marvel he is.
When the case is over, Sherlock is exuberant. He’s been brilliant, shining brighter than the city lights, and everyone else is the dimmer for not being him, John thinks. Sherlock’s high on his own cleverness, talking a mile a minute to the police chief, and John can’t decide what he wants more: to watch Sherlock be brilliant or watch those around them be blown away by how brilliant his Sherlock is. John has punched three men, two of whom were planning to harm Sherlock, and his knuckles are bruised, but he feels like he could fly.
Last night, John had thought Sherlock was maybe a few years older than him, but now he could see that they were the same age. In his school uniform, Sherlock looked years younger, smaller, and somehow fragile. No glitter graced his fine jawbone, and no product tamed his hair. His dark curls fell messily over his forehead, half obscuring his eyes.
Where was Mycroft?
Sherlock suddenly froze, his entire body tensing, and he stopped breathing entirely. John opened his eyes, wanting to see Sherlock fall apart. It was a wondrous vision: Sherlock’s face twisted between pleasure and pain, his mouth wide in a silent scream, and then his entire body convulsed. John’s hand was suddenly covered in wetness, and Sherlock slumped against John, crushing him against the wall.
.  We went to primary school together. We used to be assigned seats near each other because of our last names - Holmes and Hooper, right? Sometimes we’d talk, and he knew so much about the oddest things, like how the hierarchy of a beehive works or what common household plants are the most poisonous.” Her kind face grew uncomfortable. “He knew other things too.”
Oh no. Not here. Not now.
Sherlock was shocked when after a long day in the lab, Victor walked him back to his dormitory room, silently followed him inside, and then sealed the space between them with a kiss.
For a few minutes, they are both quiet as John studies Sherlock’s tightly closed eyes.
boring. He knew he was. Harry knew he was. Hell, even kind-hearted Clara knew he was boring. Nothing
Sherlock’s gaze locked on his own. It was a strange and heady sensation to be the sole attention of Sherlock’s focus. His eyes were almost burning in their intensity, and John fought the urge to shudder.
And then he noticed it: a few tendrils of power were making their roving way towards Sherlock.
Sherlock was leaning against the brick wall. There was a dark bruise directly below his right eye, and John could see it would become a spectacular black eye within hours. His lower lip wasn’t bleeding, and now John could see that the wound was smaller than he had initially thought, but it was still painful looking.
Sherlock. The spell Sherlock had cast then was stronger and more solid than any John had seen Sherlock cast before.
“I’m not boring,” John protested, and he immediately grimaced.
During the first two weeks of the semester, others tried to talk to Sherlock. They cozied up to his lab bench with all sorts of ridiculous excuses to make conversation. Sherlock knew that his reputation preceded him in any room he entered; these leeches were hoping to use him for his brilliance so they could get better grades. Sherlock knew he was not the type of person to inspire friendship for friendship’s sake.
That was all Sherlock said. Somehow, from his plush hips, the name sounded like a question, a challenge, and a dare.  John leaned forward. He could feel Sherlock’s breath hot against his own lips.
The techs had removed the body, but the blood splatter expert had not yet entered the room, so Sherlock jimmied open the window and crawled inside to take a look around. He quickly came to his own conclusions about the sprays of blood, found the damage to the paint on the door frame, and determined that the brother-in-law was the guilty party.
He couldn’t help himself. John began to laugh, and as he grinned up at the other boy, he dared to hold a little tighter onto those thin hips.
happened to John, and he knew it.
There would never be color again.
Waking up after professionally administered anesthesia was certainly an improvement to waking after the amateur administration of cocaine or chloroform, Sherlock thought. His thoughts were slow and fuzzy, but the blankets around him were warm.  The pain in his abdomen was gone. He felt bloated, like he had eaten too much day-old Chinese food, but it was a tolerable discomfort.
With that, Sherlock stormed out of the courtyard. John was left staring after the tight lines of his shoulders, the movement of his curls, and the sway of his hips. In an awful moment of clarity, John recognized that he was feeling lovesick.
Sherlock turned sharply, his eyes flying over John’s person. His lips tightened, and John could see he was taking offense.
“Not anymore,” John finally managed to say when he felt like he could talk without growling. “I won’t let anyone hurt you, not ever again.”
She had long brown hair, a button nose, and big brown eyes. She wore the girls uniform as expected, but her bookbag was a bright pink monstrosity cluttered with enamel pins and neatly sewn-on patches, mostly depicting animals of the feline persuasion. She hugged Mike and then gave John a kind, but expectant, look.
Under one of the spotlights, no more than fifteen feet away from the table at which John nursed his beer, a slender body was moving with the music. At first, John couldn’t tell the gender of the dancer, but then thin hips swiveled in his direction, and John could see the masculine lines in dark jeans so tight they seemed to be painted onto the body beneath. The club was beyond crowded and so people kept moving between John and the subject of his perusal, but those other bodies became nothing more than background scenery.  John couldn’t tear his eyes away.
He felt his knees hit the lino.
Now that Sherlock’s personality is sneaking through the haze of hormones, John feels himself on more steady ground. “Oh, you cock,” he mutters, reaching both hands into Sherlock’s hair and pulling their mouths together.
John sighs and thinks back to Sherlock’s lovely deference in the basement. What can he do to recapture that? He thinks of how docile Sherlock became in his hands when his hair was being pet, and John’s breath hitches. Can it really be that simple?
And then, quite by accident, John discovered a foolproof way to engage Sherlock.
The following Monday, when John walked into their morning biology class, he saw that Mike and Molly were already waiting at what had become “their table.” He hesitated for a moment before making his way over to the empty seat next to Sherlock’s.
John wraps a hand behind Sherlock’s skull and pushes with his other hand against Sherlock’s pectoral, just over his heart, gently settling the other man on his back. He settles into the space between Sherlock’s legs and rolls his hips, swallowing the moan out of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s erection waned during their conversation, but as John licks into Sherlock’s mouth and continues to thrust his hips lazily, he feels it plumping up again. He reaches blindly until he manages to snag the lube and he opens it with one hand. He squeezes a bit too much onto his palm and then he elbows Sherlock’s left thigh.
John collected his things from the locker room and prepared to start his journey home. He dragged his feet, knowing that he was acting like a lovesick idiot and hating himself for it, but also feeling helpless in the face of his all-encompassing misery.
He stayed in bed that entire day.
Then one large hand was no longer on John’s cheek but trailing down his shirt, stroking his sternum, tickling his abdomen, and resting on the waist of his jeans.
The entire fight had lasted barely five seconds.
“So I wanted to thank you. I need to do well in chemistry.”
And even though his lungs still ached and his mouth tasted of bile, although the ice pick headache was picking up force and severity, even though his voice would stay ruined for the next four days … Sherlock felt no pain. All he could feel was the warmth of John’s palm against his cheek, and he leaned into it, like a flower leaning into the sun.
Finally Sherlock’s face relaxes and he says softly, “Remarkable.” He leans forward to close the distance between them with a sweet kiss.
They’d see each other in class tomorrow and everything would be fine.
His heart had started to pound, and he could feel sweat soaking the back of his silk shirt, making it stick uncomfortably to his spine.
John picked up his towel and wished he had Harry’s confidence in himself.
His right occiput ached, and he suspected that if he reached beneath his dark curls, he’d feel a sizable goose egg from the fall. His right hip also throbbed, dull but persistent.  Good. His transport had hit the ground first, and then his skull - the brain in its boney cavern would be safe. It was unlikely he had done this precious cargo any damage.
They barely touch for a month.
A far cry from his typical cool demeanor, Sherlock looked like a wreck. His hair was mussed from John’s hands. While his lip was no longer bleeding, a splotch of blood marred the pale skin at the vermillion border of his plush lower lip. His cheeks were high with color.
He was alone now. He had not been alone when the chloroform was introduced, he was sure of it. He brain whirled as he tried to remember. He and John had been at the docks, yes  that was it. They were following Sherlock’s lead while they investigated the counterfeiting ring. Sherlock had not yet updated Lestrade - it wasn’t as though he actually cared about Lestrade’s stupid conditions. They had been on their own, and they were about to enter the warehouse. There had been a subtle movement in the shadows beyond John, and Sherlock remembered turning. There had been a rag with a foul smell…
John’s hand slips into Sherlock’s hair and, for a moment, both men freeze. And then as if a button has been pushed, the fight goes out of Sherlock, and he relaxes in his bed. Eyebrows raised in disbelief, John begins to gently run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock lets out a giant sigh and his body becomes loose and willing. The ferocious intensity evaporates, and Sherlock’s countenance grows peaceful. It’s not the peaceful mask he presents when he doesn’t want someone to see what he’s thinking, but true peacefulness. He’s become, John realizes with a shock, tranquil.  And all John had to do was pet his hair.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade’s voice sounded like it was moving through a wall of water.
His mind was sluggish as he considered the events of the previous night. He had taken his regular 7% solution - no more and no less - with careful preparation. And yet he had experienced a bit of an overdose.
“All right?” he asks Sherlock, speaking softly into the dark curls that smell sweet and sour of sex, shampoo, cigarette smoke, and something else underneath, something that’s deeper and darker and just Sherlock.
- John could do that.
Anger began to overtake the uneasiness in John’s stomach. "Oh, so we're acknowledging the club then? We're admitting that we-" he cut himself off and looked around furiously to make sure they were alone "-you know, had sex?"
John turned his study to the crowd. The air was humid with the press of so many bodies. Everywhere he looked, there were people - some dancing in couples, others in larger groups. The night was early ,and the DJ’s energy was infectious. The dancers twirled and bobbed and shimmied with manic energy. John let his eyes drift. There were plenty of attractive young people, men and women alike, but no one that made him want to look twice.
Sherlock's tone was the height of contempt. "What, like fate?"
“Monroe’s!” John hissed, ducking his head. “And stop talking!”
The class tittered.
“But for you?” John asked. “How come?”
John chuckled and reached out for a slice. “It’s got sugar and jam. That’s good enough for me.”
here.”
Awful woman.
And then John’s hand moved the final few centimeters, at first just resting against Sherlock’s evening stubble, but then turning into something that was clearly a caress.
“I need to get up,” he says. He does not move.
“Hey,” John said, smiling as Sherlock met his gaze. “There you are.”  Now that Sherlock was no longer in such intense pain, and the frenzy of the hospital had faded, he could see that John was tired. The lines on John’s face were more pronounced and the skin under his eyes was purplish with fatigue.
There was no more color.
This time, Sherlock did rear back.  “Your shirt,” he argued.
John had seemed about to turn and lead Sherlock away from the dark little room in which he had kicked and screamed his rage and, yes, he could admit it, his fear. But now the shorter man paused. He looked up into Sherlock’s face..
, Holmes, what are you doing here?!”), and things again became messy. There was a delightful stand-off in which Sherlock got to be a hostage. He used this opportunity to explain the chain of events leading to the murder and how he had solved it before Bradstreet’s inept police force.
Of course, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
The doorknob to the toilets was cold beneath his hand, and he all but fell against the door as it swung open. His eyes swung right - stalls were empty, good - and then left - drat, that idiot MacKinnon was washing his hands at the sink.
The year stretched out in front of him, and on the other end of it was university and medical school.
And Sherlock smiled.
In a few moments, he would need to stand. The vending machine was not far, and there he could purchase a chocolate bar. This would have to keep him until he was able to reach his dingy apartment on Montague Street. Surely there was something edible in the fridge, and not just the tonsils he had brought home last week.
John came so violently that little sparks of light skirted the borders of his vision. He banged the back of his head against the wall at his back. Tomorrow morning, he’d find a small knot there, which would both embarrass him and turn him on, but in his current state, he felt no pain.
Sherlock was there, and he wasn’t alone.
He knew immediately that he could not have been unconscious for long - probably not more than a few minutes. The sun had not moved from its spot in the sky.
Mike’s eyes lit up, and he motioned for John to follow him. They squeezed through the crowded classroom until they reached a girl guarding an empty table.
“It’s
“Johnny!”  Harry gave him a wide grin. “Nice! I knew you had it in you!”
the DI was in over his head. Bradstreet felt differently, of course, and had forbidden Sherlock (or “the obnoxious prick,” as he preferred to call the young detective) from entering the crime scene.
“Sounds like Sherlock.”
They slipped through the door and entered a long hallway that contained a handful of closed doors. The music was still pounding, although softer than before.
John shrugs. “It doesn’t matter,” he says.
John worried the entire weekend.
Sherlock's eyes were cold. "I assure you, John, I am no such thing."  He snagged his notebook and backpack from the ground and stood quickly. His movements lacked their usual grace. "You are free to flirt with whomever you wish."  He threw his bag over his shoulder and frowned thunderously at John, but he did not look him in the eye.  "I'm hopeful that you will manage to keep today’s hysterics out of our work in the chemistry lab."
Shrugging, John freed Sherlock’s hands, tossing the rope aside with a final angry look. “Nah. Didn’t get my mobile either.” He stood and held out a hand to Sherlock. “Come on. I already called Lestrade. He and his lot should be here soon.”
Without even trying and only just over a month into the term, Sherlock had inched his way under John’s skin. John knew he enjoyed their time together in biology class and chemistry lab, and also all of the other stolen minutes, but he hadn’t realized how much of his overall happiness had become dependent on the tall and enigmatic boy.
John huffed a laugh. “Right, then. Give it over.”  Taking the tube from Sherlock, he squeezed a dollop onto the first two fingers of his left hand and then used his thumb to spread the ointment across his palm. It warmed quickly and became more liquid in his hand. Sherlock watched him, his breaths becoming more shallow and quick.  He reached for the tube, but John refused to relinquish it.
The next morning, Sherlock returned to biology. He slipped into his seat just seconds before Bradstreet started his lecture. John had almost decided to sit with Mike and Molly again, but chose not to at the last minute, feeling like it would make him a coward.
“Basement of the building,” John says, now feeling on more comfortable ground. “No windows. One door, but it’s barred on the other side. Room’s empty - nothing we can use. I had a look around already. And they took our phones.”
Later, John would puzzle at the chain of events that started with him meeting an old classmate in the park and led to him agreeing to share a flat with Sherlock Holmes.
“Nice?” The notebook slid off Sherlock’s lap as he leaned forward, his hands gripping the wood at the bench beside his thighs. His knuckles were white. “Me and your
magic - he knew it deep in his bones. He didn’t know the exact nature of the potion Sherlock was mixing, but he could see the barebones of the spell within it, clear as though it had been written in a glowing script from a quill.
about this morning?"
“A know-it-all,” Mike repeated.
Yet as he drew closer to the dancing boy, John’s insecurities began to take root. This close up, John saw that he was good half-head taller than himself. His eyes were still closed, his face pointed upwards, and his expression was one of bliss. He danced as though he was the only one on the floor. John suddenly didn’t know what to do next. Should he tap him on the shoulder? Move in behind him? How exactly did he do this?
Sherlock’s eyes met his own and they widened in shock.
Worried about spinal cord injuries, and knowing that time was of the essence, Mycroft had considered his options. He could wait with his brother another moment or so and see if he awoke up. Or he could run - Oxford shoes be damned - as fast as his portly body would allow. Mycroft hated to run, hated the way it made his stomach sway and his cheeks turn bright pink. He knew the other boys at Eton whispered “piggy” behind his back when they saw him run. Those words hurt him deeply even if he never let anyone know.
Harry was scrubbing the saucepan when she finally broke the silence: “What happened?”
Anderson was almost spitting with anger. “I didn’t ask
No, Sherlock had seen him
John’s eyes smarted as he thought back to that awful conversation. “The night at the club - he threw it in my face. He said it didn’t mean anything. And he hasn’t talked to me since. I mean, he won’t even look at me now.”
Sherlock must have felt it too because he sighed heavily and pulled away. His hands dropped from John’s shirt, and John stepped back to give him some space.
But it wasn’t just his physical beauty, John thought, that had caught his attention. The others on the dance floor danced with the music. This boy
“You’ve only been in London for three weeks,” she said. “You’ll settle in. I promise.”  She gestured to Harry with her chin. “This one was a mess when she first got here. She got lost on the Tube, like, five times in the first week alone.”
Peevish pale eyes locked on his for a moment and a single eyebrow rose arrogantly. Obviously, the eyebrow implied. The boy then returned his attention to the lock, and in another moment, the door swung open.  He stood and disappeared into the darkness beyond.
“So when Lestrade inevitably asks us to complete his ridiculous paperwork,” Sherlock said, “and we summarize the events of this regrettable evening, our respective roles can be noted as such: I was able to deduce the hideout of these ridiculous marauders, but I was taken down by a trope worthy of the most mind-numbing Hollywood motion picture. You, on the other hand,
Baffled in the face of Sherlock’s enthusiasm, John searched his memory for what had observed. “Well, there was police tape up. I didn’t see any damage to the glass pane in the front. I saw some police in blue suits - the type they wear in crime scenes to protect it, you know? I didn’t see an ambulance.”
“Well, he’s my friend,” John said, returning his attention to his lunch.
For several seconds, there was only the sound of the music, and John could feel the other boy staring at him like he was some sort of strange animal - not exactly gross or terrible, but definitely curious and certainly unusual. Unable to make himself open his eyes, John’s chest grew tighter.
She had thin hair that was more grey than brown, tortoise-shell eyeglasses that made her eyes look too large for her head, and one adult son, the product of an ill-conceived affair with a traveling professor. She loved this son she hadn’t meant to have, this child who was not part of her carefully planned life. But she didn’t know
He could be amazing. His sister had just said so.
Mid flex, he turned and caught sight of Sherlock. The other boy stood in the doorway of the science building, one foot outside, and he was staring at John with unbridled longing, his entire face and neck flushed. Their eyes met, and John saw Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bob. Then the other boy turned and hurried away, clutching a book tightly to his chest.
They found a bench, and John bullied Sherlock into sitting down. He remained standing, stationed just in front of Sherlock’s knees so that the taller boy wouldn’t get it in his head to flee.
Greg sat down where Sherlock had been, and Molly sat between the two of them. Their movements were careful as though John was a frightened animal that might spook. The following silence was painfully awkward.
Suddenly released from his study, John felt bereft.  “Good,” he said, but Sherlock didn’t respond.
“What?!”
“Yeah, but this one ended up in my first period biology class on the first day of school.”
Moriarity continued to laugh, and Sherlock kept muttering - magic flew from his wand, and one explosive spell fell, and then another.
John was here. He was alive. He didn’t even seem harmed.
John looked down at his bottle of water and played with the paper label. He tried to reconcile the lonely boy Molly was describing with the stranger who danced like sex in his arms.
Wait.
"All right, mate?"
"Friend?" Sherlock finally asked, his voice strangely tentative to John's ears.
A familiar sensation tickled John’s awareness, and he bit back an expletive as his power began to slip away. One moment his protective spell was working, and then the magic grew unruly like a wild beast in his hands. He continued to reach for Sherlock’s wrist, but kept his wand stretched toward the cauldron, putting all of his concentration into the spell.
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed.  “I don’t see why,” he said, and it was subtle, but John heard the question in his voice.
Well, John thought as he took a deep breath, in for a penny…. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. He lingered, letting his eyes drift shut, and he couldn’t help a small, contented sigh before he pulled away.
One dark eyebrow arches, but with his eyes still tightly closed, Sherlock’s expression lacks its usual arrogance. “Where are we?” he asks.
Hands drifting lower, John cupped the globes of Sherlock’s arse and pulled. Because of their height differences, Sherlock’s erection pressed into John’s stomach and John’s into Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock’s hips bucked wildly, and John suddenly needed more.
“Hey!” John stumbled forward. “Wait a second!” He stepped on something that made an ugly squelching sound.  Glancing down, John saw that it was their used condom, neatly tied off but left on the floor by Sherlock. Embarrassed, John snagged it off the ground and shoved it into his back pocket with the tissues. He then hurried out of the closet and into the dark hallway, just in time to see Sherlock slip through the door that led to the dance floor.
Sherlock muttered something, and Anderson snarled in response. With his free hand, he reached up to smack Sherlock’s forehead. The back of Sherlock’s head connected with the brick wall with an ugly thunk. Sherlock made a soft sound. A cold fury swept through John, and for a moment he felt paralyzed with rage.
“No.” Sherlock’s nose was in the air. “I went to New Scotland Yard and tried to speak with the detective inspector. They wouldn’t let me in.”
The door slammed behind him.
What the hell, John thought. He widened his stance and began to dance.
Sherlock sidestepped, neatly avoiding John’s touch. His gaze flew across the walls of the supply closet, finally settling on a space just over John’s right shoulder.
John rescues the Strad before it slips from Sherlock’s hands. He then allows himself a few seconds - certainly no more than thirty - to watch Sherlock sleep. It’s a rare enough occurrence that he can hardly be blamed for pausing to enjoy it, he tells himself.
for Sherlock Holmes.
An acrid smell tickled his nose. Sherlock slowly sat up. He saw that at some point in the night, he had been incontinent of urine. Every single one of his muscles ached, even his eyelids. There was a sharp sting in his mouth, and as he moved his tongue, he became aware that he had bitten deep into this muscle.
He grabbed the first bully by the nape of his neck and kicked hard against the back of his knee. The boy howled and was down before the other two were even aware of John’s presence. John turned sharply and threw an upper cut at the other boy, hitting him in the gut to knock the air out of his lungs. He collapsed to his knees, and John turned to Anderson, who had loosened his grip on Sherlock but not let him go.
He’s a little too skinny, John thought, and a protective longing flared under his breast.
of the lock engaging.
The pleased feeling evaporated quickly once they reached the actual hospital. No matter how often Sherlock found himself in need of medical services, he could never fully desensitize himself to the overwhelming sights, sounds, and smells of the A&E.
Bradstreet then called for quiet, and John smiled to himself, something warm growing in his stomach.
John shrugged.  “It makes sense, don’t you think? You spend a lot of your time at home engaging in spectacular feats of lounging. Then you race around the flat at night making an unholy racket. And you depend on me to feed you, but complain about whatever I offer. I think it’s a reasonable deduction.”
“Sherlock,” John manages to say. “Are you ready? Please say you’re ready.”
Sherlock was fiddling with a ring stand and he looked cross. “The police have not been terribly forthright with the information they’ve collected.”
John, who was used to his name being called last, found his attention drifting towards the windows to his left, where he could see the tops of several trees.
Reaching one arm around Sherlock’s narrow waist, John decides to employ his secret weapon, and he thrusts his left hand deep into Sherlock's curls. It works like magic, and the furor drains from Sherlock. He melts against John, widening his stance so that their heights are more even. John grips Sherlock’s hair tighter than he has dared in the past, and Sherlock moans. Grinning against Sherlock’s lips, John uses his grip to angle the other man’s face so that he can lick deeper into his mouth. Sherlock’s hands have settled on John’s shoulders, and John can feel their fine tremor.
Sherlock’s tongue disappears and his breath catches in his throat. His fingers splay against the headboard.  John moves his hands to Sherlock’s hips and grips them tightly.  He pushes forward slowly, watching himself enter Sherlock’s body, centimeter by centimeter. Sherlock’s thighs are quivering and he’s taking deep breaths, his stomach hollowing, but he’s also pushing back against John, accepting him into his body.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and opens both of his eyes. The movement clearly makes him dizzy, and he lists to the side before one of the paramedics bodily rearranges him and buckles him onto the stretcher.
A ripple of pain bloomed through John’s chest. He started down at his beer bottle, clenching his jaw. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Clara elbow Harry, but John didn’t lift his head. He didn’t want to see either of their expressions, full of knowing and pity.
The next time they order take-out, Sherlock sits close enough that their thighs touch from hip to knee. After they are finished eating, John carries their plates to the kitchen and returns to his seat, settling against Sherlock again. They watch Top Gear for another forty minutes, their thighs pressed tightly together.
Sherlock pants, his eyes wide and wild, his mouth growing slack, and John can see that the constant stream of information has finally been pushed aside, overwhelmed by the interplay of their bodies.
And Sherlock had never said no to Victor.
“Yeah, and they had to evacuate the building because of the fumes.”
It was then that Sherlock realized both of John’s smaller surgeon’s hands were holding his own larger left hand, cradling it like something to be cherished.
John stomps up the stairs to his bedroom and refuses to come down for supper.
“What are you going to do here?” Charlie asked, leaning forward suddenly and catching John’s gaze with such intensity that John couldn’t look away, even if he had wanted to. John was reminded of what had made Charlie such a formidable captain on the Quidditch pitch.
“Not very reassuring, Sherlock.”
Oh, but Moriarity was
Victor did not seem to notice his friend’s growing panic. Before long, Sherlock blinked and realized that both he and Victor were naked. What had happened to their clothing? And then Victor’s hand was between his legs, reaching, stroking, and-
Where was John?
“John!” Sherlock’s throat burned from vomiting, and this distorted his voice, but it only served to accent the rage in his tone.
Sherlock's head bobbed and he looked up at John. He blinked several times, and then he smiled.
John couldn’t help it - he burst out laughing.
Well, he thought. Sherlock had directed every moment of their time together thus far. It had been fun - John could admit that. But now he was done feeling like a passenger.
John didn't answer right away, chewing a bite of sandwich thoughtfully before taking a sip of water.  "Eating. That should be pretty obvious to a genius like you."
Sherlock knew what he needed to do.
Harry came over for dinner on Thursday. Mrs. Watson made spaghetti, and Harry downed two beers in quick succession. She then dominated the dinner conversation with stories about her classmates. Mrs. Watson laughed and Harry preened under the attention. John robotically shoveled food into his mouth and tried to remember to smile.
Sarah had a sweet face and pale greyish eyes that reminded him of Sherlock’s. She was biting her lower lip and looking at John under her eyelashes.  John felt himself perk up at the attention.
Sherlock insisted to John that he wasn’t a hero, that caring wasn’t an advantage. But John thought of how Sherlock never made him feel less for having unruly magic, how Sherlock had spelled his robes to keep John warm, how Sherlock sometimes stared at John with a surprisingly gentle gaze when he thought John wasn’t looking. He thought of how when the flat had been infested with imps two months ago, Sherlock had refused to call the exterminators and instead spent hours perfecting the charms that would drive the creatures away, annoyed but unharmed.
As he entered the room, John heard the click of a pull chain and smelled the sharp tang of cleaning solvent. A single overhead light bulb weakly flared to life and illuminated in dirty yellow light what was clearly a supply closet. There was a mop bucket in one corner, and the back wall supported a rickety set of shelves, filled with toilet paper and cleaning products.
Here was a secret John would be loath to admit to even his closest friends: John
And it was John’s face, hovering a few inches above his own, asking for just one minute more before the nurse wheeled Sherlock’s bed to the operating theater.  “I’ll be there when you wake up, love,” he promised. “Okay? You won’t wake up alone.”
At the Battle of Hogwarts, a spell destroyed John’s left shoulder and took him out of the fight for good.  Delirious and forgotten on the edge of the battlefield, John didn’t see Voldemort fall nor the war end.
Sherlock’s fists convulsed where they gripped the bench. John hoped he wouldn’t get splinters. “Why in the world would I be jealous? Because of one unremarkable night at that club?” His tone was low and vicious.
“John,” Sherlock murmured, his cheek pressed tightly to John’s, his morning stubble rasping against John’s own, and John madly thought that his voice should be outlawed by the Ministry like an Unforgivable Curse. No one should have a voice like that.
In chemistry lab the following afternoon, John waited until they had gathered their materials before he asked.  “Have you solved the jewelry heist yet?”
Sherlock nodded, the corner of his mouth twitching, and John remembered how soft those lips had been under his own.  Then Bradstreet clapped his hands to get the students’ attention, class began, and the moment was lost.
Sherlock did not look up from his phone. “I usually work alone.” His voice was just as deep as John remembered.
John had to shout to be heard over the pounding of the bass: “When Mum asked you to take me out with you, I don’t think this is what she meant.”
John makes a noncommittal sound and waits, his usual course of action when Sherlock is being snippy.
Accipiter gentilis. A juvenile, by its deep brown coloring. Female. Seventy - no, closer to seventy-five centimeters in wingspan.
Now Harry leaned over the table, her eyes no longer glazed but stony and ferocious.  “Now look,” she said, and her voice cut like steel over the loud music.  “You are John Watson. You are my little brother, and you are amazing. What’s the worst that could happen? He tells you to bugger off? Fine! His loss! He’s lucky to get your attention!”  Just as suddenly, she leaned back, her face still furious, and even Clara looked flabbergasted by the speech.
Sure enough, Sherlock was sitting in the shadows of the gymnasium, his favorite place to sneak a cigarette. His long legs were pulled up to his chest, and his fingers were flying across his phone screen. An unlit cigarette dangled from his mouth.
“John.” The words were a susurrus in the darkness of his room.
Three more meters.
Yesterday, after slipping away from Mummy during her afternoon tea, he had tried to explore the Bodleian library, but the harridan from the front desk had stopped him. She had turned him around and marched him right back out the front doors.
“Why do you always turn on the kettle manually?” Sherlock asked, peering at John as though he were a pinned insect. “You have your wand in your pocket - you always do. Why not use magic?”
Granted, they hadn’t spoken since that night.  John was pretty sure that Sherlock watched him during biology class, but he had never been able to catch him in the act. He was also positive that he had seen tousled dark curls in his peripheral vision once during a study period when Molly, Mike and John had sat outside, sunning themselves in the courtyard. But when John had turned to look, there had been no sign of Sherlock. After that first day of school, whenever John had tried to make eye contact, Sherlock had been furiously studying a book, or his phone, or anything else that wasn’t John Watson.
John took a deep breath. He closed his eyes, and made himself ignore Moriarity’s laughter.  He willed his pounding heart to calm, and he let go of his wand, which clattered to the ground. His hands rested gently at his sides, the palms facing forward.
John then reached for Sherlock, but paused at the last second. His eyes flickered to Sherlock’s, asking a silent question. Sherlock’s chin dipped in response. Permission granted, John took the hot length of Sherlock in hand and gave the other boy two, three strokes. Sherlock let out a hiss, his face twisting as though he was in pain, and he leaned forward suddenly. Bracing his hands on the wall above John’s head, he leaned forward, tilting his body forward so that his height was closer to John’s.
“Shit,” John repeated, and he raised one shaking hand so that he could run his fingers through Sherlock’s tumbled dark curls. Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed, a look of peace falling across his face, and he pressed his tongue against the underside of John’s cock.
Although he was only sixteen, Mycroft already carried himself with such poise that strangers regularly mistook him for an adult. His aplomb had fled, however, as he touched his brother’s still face and assessed that Sherlock was, thankfully, still breathing, but also completely unconscious.
John felt his shoulders tense, and he turned back to the kettle. He didn’t want to have this conversation. He didn’t want to see Sherlock’s face when he found out that his flatmate was little more than a glorified Squib. It had happened before with other friends, and John hated it every time.
And then they were dancing, their lower halves so tightly pressed together that John could feel their jeans rasp. The other boy radiated body heat like a furnace, and John’s veins ignited.
It’s another ten minutes before Sherlock begins to stir.
After three months of experimental organic synthesis, but also three months of conversation, laughter, and gentle touches to the hand (always Victor reaching out to Sherlock), Sherlock found his walls crumbling brick by brick. Each morning, he woke up knowing that he was alive to see another day in which there was someone who was happy to see him. There was someone who wanted to talk to him and who didn’t seem to mind if his conversations tended to ramble into the esoteric. Maybe Victor found Sherlock a bit odd, but he also acted like Sherlock was interesting, worth listening to,
Slowly, as though he doubts its welcome, Sherlock lifts his right hand and lets it drift toward John. He hesitates a second more and then rests his large hand on John’s knee. After another moment, he reaches out with his other hand and grips the teacup. He takes a long sip and then returns to his silent sentry. He does not move his hand from John’s knee.
In Sherlock’s experience, these syncopal episodes were self-limiting, lasting only a handful of seconds. Although he couldn’t be certain, when he opened his eyes to peer at the ceiling, he was fairly sure he had lost only seconds.
It had been a brilliant night.
“Really fun,” Mike agreed. “No idea what happened, mind you - never really understood the game. But it seems like you all did quite well.”
John catches Lestrade’s eye. “Ambulance, Greg?” he asks.
Sherlock slowly pulled his knees to his chest, coiling his muscles and preparing to strike out. But even though he was listening with all of his concentration, when the door actually swung open, the light from the hallway blinded him. He closed his eyes tightly and turned his head away, hissing in discomfort.
A glass beer was suddenly deposited at John’s left elbow.
He had thought she was going to slap him - it wouldn’t have been the first time a stranger did so - but then Mycroft was there, appearing as though summoned by a spell. Mycroft’s hand was warm on Sherlock’s shoulder, his voice holding just the right amount of unctuous flattery to soothe the irate woman. His older brother had then led him away. Sherlock had been expecting censure, but Mycroft had only raised one cynical eyebrow and murmured, “Really, Sherlock? Waxing poetic on her affair, were we?”
John did not miss how Greg’s voice seemed to trip over the girl’s name. “Yeah, they’ve been showing me around.  We’re in biology together, and I have physics with Molly.”
Pushing a bit more force into his protective shield, hoping it would be enough, John reached out to snag Sherlock’s sleeve. He was planning to pull Sherlock away and hope that the explosion, which seemed inevitable, would be muffled enough by his own spell that the two of them could escape relatively unharmed.
Sherlock to see that he means every word. He needs Sherlock to see the truth in his eyes.
Sherlock hummed in response, and John recognized it as his negative hum.
It didn’t feel good either.
The dancer’s face was otherworldly. His wide set eyes were closed, long eyelashes brushing skin above the edges of ridiculously sharp cheekbones. His full lips looked just a little too pink to be natural. He had a long and regal nose and … glitter, John thought incredulously, glitter dusted the apple of his cheeks and jawline. He looked to be about John’s age, or maybe a few years older - maybe he was a uni student like Harry, John thought.
“You are so hot.”
But John’s delight was quickly burned away by the look on Sherlock’s face. John’s smile died and he stumbled over his own feet.
John began to realize that he had never been angry at the magic. He had been angry at the rules and those who had told him how he was supposed to be a wizard.
The moment MacKinnon was gone, Sherlock pawed the lock on the outer door. He missed it the first time, and his vision was almost completely grey by the time he heard the sharp
His eyes fly open. “Touch yourself,” he tells Sherlock, suddenly desperate. He can feel his orgasm cresting, but he doesn’t want to let go until Sherlock’s had his pleasure, until John’s wrung it out of him.
As he approached Sherlock, John was reminded of the night in the club when he had approached the unknown dancer. Surely this couldn’t be worse than that? And, John reminded himself, that had led to something wonderful.
Sherlock looked frustrated. "It’s not about the actual crime.” His eyes flashed to John and then away again, oddly timid. “I mean, it’s not just about that. I like puzzles. Do you have any idea how many crimes go unsolved? It's ridiculous. If
Sherlock didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he reached behind John to close the door and engage the lock.  He then tugged John’s backpack off his shoulders and dumped it at their feet. Grasping the lapels of John’s jacket, he pushed. John could do little else but allow himself to be manhandled until his back was against a wall. Sherlock’s eyes, pale and intent, never left John’s face.
Sherlock hums and his shoulders hunch, as though he’s going to try and sit up. John catches his right shoulder and pushes down. “Uh uh,” he says softly. “Stay down.”
Sherlock sighs. His eyelids flutter and two pale slivers of grey study John fuzzily. Sherlock does not speak, and for a moment, John despairs when he sees no spark of awareness in the gaze.
Sherlock blinked blearily, noticing first that he was in a quiet room, no longer the noisy A&E bay. The sounds of the hospital were muffled - a private room then, with the door closed. The overhead light was dimmed.
This is love - he’s sure of it. He doesn’t think he’s ready to say it yet, and he’s not sure if Sherlock is ready to hear it. But he knows they have time, and there’s something special about
Glancing over his shoulder, John saw some toilet paper rolls on the nearby shelf, but when he moved to grab them, he found himself held bodily in place. Sherlock’s hands were still clenched tightly in the fabric of his shirt. The other boy’s gaze was blank, and while his body was physically in the room, it seemed to John that his mind was miles away. John had to lean precariously to snag the roll, and then he pulled off a generous amount of tissue paper. He wiped his own hands, thought about it for a second, and gently cleaned Sherlock as best he could before shoving the dirty mess into the back pocket of his jeans.
Rolling her eyes, Harry reached over to shove his shoulder.
But Anderson’s in a particularly catty mood and has been egging Sherlock on, snipping behind his back, sighing heavily when Lestrade defers to him, and intentionally stalling over the body just to make Sherlock wait.
that his lover was only worried, not truly furious.
“You’re new this year, right?” Sarah asked him. They had fallen behind their other three friends.
“I’m sorry!” John managed to say. “Just you used wandless magic for lube! What would your professors from Beauxbatons say?”
Harry dropped the pan and water splattered both of their shirts. “What?!” Her voice was shrill. Both siblings froze and looked over their shoulders to verify that their mother wasn’t going to come into the kitchen. Several seconds passed before John felt his heart finally calm down.
“Merlin’s beard, you’re gorgeous,” John said, unable to stop himself, and Sherlock gave him a small and surprising shy smile in return.
Rubbing his hands together, Mike said, “All right, so everyone knows everyone. Great game. Lovely. Now can we eat?”
Molly’s face broke into a dreamy smile, and her cheeks grew pink. “Oh, Greg’s the best!” she said. She started to tell a story about a time when she and Greg had been partnered together for a project in French class.
Sherlock kissed with just a bit too much tongue, like he was trying to map out every detail of John’s mouth, and John thought it was incredibly hot. He had never been kissed like this before, like Sherlock wanted to consume and catalog every single bit of John Watson.
John, who had seen the gruesome dead at the Battle of Hogwarts, who had lost the full dexterity of his wand arm there, and who still sometimes felt an ache that did not exist in his leg, hated every moment of Moriarty’s game.
Sherlock turned his pale gaze on John. “Yes,” he said, his tone making it clear that this should be obvious.
“I thought I was going to be late,” John announced one morning, dropping his backpack on the desk and sagging into his seat.
Mycroft would be spotless when they returned home - Sherlock just knew it. The annoying rotter was reading Cicero at this very moment. He had been flipping slowly through the pages of his book while Sherlock had climbed his tree.
“John?” he dimly heard Sarah ask. Her hand on his arm tightened.
“Come here,” John said, hating the distance between them.
When he sat down, Sherlock turned and looked at him as though he had spouted a second head.
Taking a long swig of the beer, John turned his gaze to the dance floor so that he wouldn’t have to watch his sister snog her girlfriend. It was half ten, and there were so many dancing bodies that the crowd seemed to move like one giant, pulsating mass. The beat of the music was deep enough that John could feel it in his chest, competing against the steady rhythm of his heart.
And then in the next heartbeat, it was over. In the sudden silence, John found himself on his hands and knees, staring at the tiled floor with a burning chest. He took a greedy breath and then another, and the tightness eased. He felt like his body had been ground by a mortar and pestle. Panting, he struggled to find the strength to lift his heavy head.
His mum rolled her eyes.
Sherlock is clay in his hands, allowing John to move and direct him. John wants to laugh at this discovery, that Sherlock Holmes who can’t be bothered to make tea without a lengthy argument, is so submissive when it comes to making love.
John angrily turned over in his bed. Midnight had come and gone, and still he couldn’t sleep. He punched his pillow. What was wrong with flirting with Sarah? Nothing - there was
Sighing as though he were terribly put out, Sherlock spoke slowly, as though John was a small child, “To which institution are you hoping to matriculate?”
And John would take a deep breath and then turn away. Because when the Aurors faced a mysterious crime and were out of their depth (which was always, according to a certain consulting wizard), they called in Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
After several long minutes, Sherlock pulled away. John could breathe more easily without his weight, but the sudden cold where there had been a warm body made John feel oddly adrift.
The conversation - if it can even be called that - between the Holmes brothers has been minimally verbal. Mycroft’s contributions are short sentences that could have three or four meanings, and he punctuates each one with a raised eyebrow.  Sherlock, for his part, is creating truly awful warbles from his violin that sound not unlike a dying cat.
Sherlock’s head swiveled and his nostrils flared as he glared at John. “I don’t need your pity.”
The night in the club had taken on a hazy sheen in John's memory. It felt like a dream or something from a past life. Because they had never spoken about it, it was easy to think of club-Sherlock and school-Sherlock as two separate creatures. That didn’t stop John from wanting to do dirty things to
Sherlock has dragged a kitchen chair to one of the windows facing Baker Street, and he’s curled into it, forearms on the sill, head resting on his wrists. John can see the knobs of his vertebra through his thin t-shirt. A wisp of smoke curls from his head and drifts away into the night.
Several minutes passed and neither spoke. John wondered who would break first, but he was still surprised when Sherlock spoke: "What are you doing?"
The first bully was holding his knee and making whimpering noises, and the boy that John had punched in the gut was dry heaving. Anderson was the only potential threat. He lay half on his back, his upper body held off the ground by his elbows. He was staring up at John with a baffled expression.
“Sherlock. Oh, thank god.”
Sherlock’s mouth opened, just a little, and John took that as an invitation to lean in and give him a leisurely kiss. Sherlock still tasted like mint and whiskey, and now a little like latex as well, and with this realization, John’s sated penis gave a half-hearted twitch.
Anderson is being a cock.
John immediately liked Greg Lestrade.
Sherlock found he had no words in response to this.
“Oi!” Harry protested loudly, but she was gentle when she let her shoulder knock against Clara’s. Clara winked at John.
“All right,” John says and the doubt in his chest is gone, flushed away by a warm swell of joy that grows and grows, threatening to spill from his lips in incredulous laughter or from his eyes in happy tears.
When John’s hips are flush against Sherlock’s thighs, he realizes he’s been holding his breath and he lets it out all at once.  He wants to move, desperately, more than he’s ever wanted anything, but he makes himself stay still as he searches Sherlock’s face for any sign of discomfort.  Sherlock’s chin is tilted into the air and his eyes are closed, but they slowly slide open as John remains frozen. He peers down his nose at John. His eyes are unreadable, glinting in the soft light of the hotel room.
It was a brilliant night.
Groaning, John pulled his duvet over his head and tried to force himself to fall asleep. It took another three hours for him to settle into an exhausted half-doze.
And, for no reason that John could possibly understand, he was dancing alone.
After that, they hold hands regularly. Not all the time - they’re not schoolgirls after all, John thinks - but when they are in the cab. When they’re in a dark alley on a stake-out. When they wait side-by-side in the basement of Barts for some lab results, slumping slowly against each other as the quiet of the halls and the exhaustion of the case lulls them into half-dozing.
Like he was at dancing, and kissing, and bloody lock picking, Sherlock was brilliant at blowjobs. His tongue swirled around the glans of John’s penis before he messily licked a long swipe from root to head. Letting just the first two inches of John’s cock into his mouth, Sherlock sucked hard, his cheeks hollowing, and then his mouth sank down the entire length of John’s erection. John made a sound that some far corner of his brain knew was embarrassing, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. His head filled with a buzzing white noise.
By the time John was done cleaning them, Sherlock was beginning to blink, and John could see sharp awareness returning to his eyes.
Bradstreet was in over his head. Sherlock
“Molly, this is John,” Mike told her. “He’s new this year.” He leaned in conspiratorially. “He’s planning to apply to medical school as well.”
could see the jewelry store scenes, I'm sure I could figure it out. There's no way the perpetrator could have covered all of his or her tracks. I can see things other people can't."
John felt like he could run forever. He was sure he’d never played so well - certainly not back when he and Sholto were co-captains. Nobody could catch him - he ran too fast and he moved too quickly. John darted around an opponent and laughed with fierce joy.
“I’ll consider it,” Sherlock said, his voice soft.
out loud.
Letting his arms drop to his sides, John sighed heavily, shuffled his feet, and stared at the lino like it had personally slighted him. When he hadn’t been able to find Sherlock on the dance floor, he had run outside of the club, peering up and down the street, hoping to catch sight of a lithe form and mess of dark hair.
Sherlock enjoyed providing his monologue.
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock complains, verbal and complaining once more. The paramedics move efficiently around him and lift him onto a stretcher. “This is really quite unnecessary.” His face is ashen, and John can see he’s gritting his teeth.
On Monday, after a weekend of rain, there was finally a sunny day. In celebration, John, Mike, Molly and Greg ate lunch outside on the grass.
During a water break, Greg caught up with John.  “You played at your old school, huh?” he asked. His dark brown hair was sticking up in sweaty clumps.
“You look unsure,” John said, smiling at the little wrinkle on her nose.
Taking deep breaths, John decided that now was as good a time as any for his flatmate to know the truth. He kept his back to Sherlock so he couldn’t see his face.  “Well, my magic doesn’t always work.” John hated how small his voice sounded. “To be honest, it usually doesn’t.”
Taking a deep breath, John said, “I think you’re jealous.”
Sherlock didn’t care that John’s magic didn’t work right.
“I think we have a good chance.” John pretended to be arranging his notebook and pens, but he was actually studying Sherlock for any fractures in his calm facade. “Greg’s a good captain and we have a pretty solid team.”
John leaned back in his seat, grabbing his notebook and pulling it over his lap so Sherlock wouldn’t see the effect of their unexpected closeness. “I just walked by, Sherlock. It’s not like I stopped to ask questions.”
John frowned, and then through the haze of his own arousal, he smelled a whiff of cleaning product. His memory hit a snag and his eyes widened as he took in their surroundings - they were in the janitor’s supply closet.
“Did-” he licked his lip, wincing when his tongue came in contact with the cut. “Did you mean that?” His voice sounded very young.
“I -- I can’t!” John said, surprised by the high pitch and panic in his voice. The idea of him,
“This way is better.”
John blinked. “What?”
John blinked. He was reminded suddenly of the morning with the purple potion: Sherlock’s spell had been intricate and perfect, but not strong enough to complete the potion and reduce the boiling mess to something benign. John remembered the way his own magic had spilled away from him, and he hadn’t been sure at the time, but it had seemed to be moving
Sherlock waved an imperious hand at Bradstreet, not even bothering to look at the man. His entire attention remained on John. “John!” he said again, his voice now petulant.
For several long seconds, it seemed like the other boy would remain a statue, and John wondered if he had been mistaken about the twitching lip. Then, quite suddenly, the taller boy rolled his hips and began to mirror John’s movements.
John groaned and resisted the urge to pull at his hair. "What's that supposed to mean? You’re saying that what we did meant nothing in one breath, and in the next you’re acting like a jealous tit!”
The roaring in John’s ears was almost deafening, and so he could barely hear Molly as she argued, “That’s not fair, Sally. Sherlock’s a bit different, but he’s not a freak.”
There were rarer birds, of course - far greater conquests for a young ornithologist. But this was his first goshawk, and that made it special.
Sherlock's face was hatefully smooth as his eyes flitted across John's face.  "You thought it was special?" he asked as John fought against the tight sensation in his chest. He felt like he couldn't breathe.
John had discovered the mark that morning while brushing his teeth. With eyes wide, he had studied the purplish bruise as toothpaste dripped from his mouth. The mark was safely hidden from unfriendly eyes by the collar of his school shirt. It would fade in a few days, but for now it served as a reminder of the previous night and the beautiful boy with whom he had danced.
John shrugged and squared his shoulders. “Well, there’s no reason for the three of us to fight for table space while he works alone.  I’ll see you two after class.”
“Breathe, Sherlock,” he says, and Sherlock immediately takes in a deep breath and holds it. When he lets it out again, John presses his thumb into Sherlock’s body.
John opened the first drink and shoved it into Sherlock’s hands. “This is to drink.” He then took the second one and held it against Sherlock’s swelling cheekbone. “And this one’s for the swelling.”
The only sound in the kitchen was the humming from the refrigerator.
John was immediately overwhelmed. The smell of cleaning supplies was sharp in his nose, and he could almost hear the bass from the club. Sherlock tasted like tea and cigarette smoke and something darker, something that John remembered and suddenly knew he wouldn’t be able to live without. Sherlock’s tongue was hot as it slid into John’s mouth, and John groaned. He released Sherlock’s hair so he could wrap his arms around the other boy. His hands roved across Sherlock’s back, fingertips idly counting down the knobs of his vertebra before he moved on to petting Sherlock’s flanks.
“We’ve got another thirty minutes,” John says and he yawns. “Close your eyes. I’ll wake you when we’re back at Baker Street.”
When Sherlock ends up in the Thames again (because of course he does), John manhandles him out of his suit jacket, buttons the other man into his own jacket, and wraps his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock is shivering, his teeth clattering uncontrollably, but he seems to think it’s imperative he walk Lestrade through his entire chain of logic before they leave for home. So even though John would prefer to bundle him into a warm cab, he presses his chest tightly against Sherlock’s back and rubs his arms briskly. He’s not tall enough to see over Sherlock’s shoulder, so he can’t observe Lestrade’s reaction to their positions, but he can see Sally Donovan, who is staring at him incredulously. John mouths “It’s cold!” and he turns to press his forehead against Sherlock’s back.
John carefully put down the dish towel. “That’s not all of it.” He took a few deep breaths. “We actually kinda snuck into a supply closet and … you know.” He couldn’t bring himself to say it - not to his
“There were these rumors, and - well, you know how people like to talk.” She bit her lip, and John had the sudden suspicion that she was thinking about something that she didn’t want to say. “Anyway, I don’t know if I’ve seen him exchange more than, like, a sentence with someone other than a teacher in the past five years, and that’s usually to tell them that they’re wrong about, like, the algebra lesson or something.”
“John,” he muttered. His throat was killing him.  He kicked again at the door, his heels barely scraping against the metal.
“I don’t,” Sherlock said sharply, and he looked away from John.
“Right.” John shook the offered hand. “Thanks, mate.”
They head home, Sherlock dripping river water all over the back of the cab. He declares the case a success. He admits to John that he found being locked in a basement and rescued by the Met unsatisfying. He’s glad, he says, things are finally back to normal.
Sherlock frowned - John could not see him but he heard it in his voice. “Your household was at least partially Muggle.” He paused, and then continued. “It would have been your mother - she was the Muggle. It makes sense you would mimic how she performed tasks. But you do
him. This was why it had felt like his own heart had been ripped in two when his older brother had left him for school. Mycroft had left him for debate club and fencing and philosophy and Latin and
“Mike Stamford.” The boy reached out and pumped John’s hand enthusiastically. “I’m supposed to give you the tour and get you to biology, right?”
“Honestly, Mike, you and food,” Molly said good-naturedly, and the group started to make their way through the crowd of spectators and players. John found himself next to Sarah, which gave him a small thrill, especially with the signals she was throwing his way. It felt nice, comforting even, to know where he stood with someone - to be sent clear signals that he could interpret and didn’t make him lie awake at night wondering.
John wasn’t sure exactly what Sherlock smelled like. He just knew that he liked it.
Sherlock had been sensuous movement and bold grace. This Sherlock sat holding his shoulders tightly to his body, as though he wanted to make himself smaller. He didn’t look like the magical creature who danced as though music was in his veins, who had spun in John’s arms and then fell apart under his hand.
Sherlock continued to stare.
Sherlock was on his mobile, typing with lightning-quick fingers, and he didn’t acknowledge John’s presence.  John’s stomach clenched.
Greg looked like he was digesting a complicated bit of maths. “I didn’t think Sherlock Holmes had friends,” he finally said. His tone wasn’t cruel, but it rubbed John the wrong way. He thought of Sherlock’s soft and hesitant smile.
The Hog’s Head pub was busy, and a cheerful fire warmed John’s back. He rested his chin on his fist and asked, “What would I even do there?” He couldn’t believe he was even considering this.
There was something slimy between his thighs.
But Mycroft’s abandonment could be temporarily forgiven, Sherlock thought, as he peered at his goshawk.
Sherlock didn’t look up as John approached, but John was pretty sure his approach hadn’t gone unnoticed. Sherlock’s shoulders inched an almost imperceptible amount higher, and now John was certain he wasn’t imagining the tension in the other boy’s body.
It was John who turned off the overhead lights of Sherlock’s room in the A&E. It was John who answered the questions of the nurses when Sherlock could do little else but snarl and curl around his aching belly. It was John who explained the mechanism of action of his antiemetic to Sherlock, taking his mind off thoughts of the imminent surgery and into the more comfortable realm of chemistry.
He has time to figure it out, he thinks, playing with another dark curl. He has time to learn this impossible, brilliant man.  With that thought, he closes his eyes and allows himself to drift towards sleep.
to be
As though he sensed John’s perusal, Sherlock looked up, and for several long moments, they could only stare at each other. Their hands continued to move. John was struck speechless. Sherlock’s beautiful eyes, usually so cool and assessing, were filled with emotion. John was suddenly struck with the thought that maybe there was no school-Sherlock nor club-Sherlock. Both were constructs, and he was seeing something raw and real right now.
It had not escaped Sherlock’s notice that Victor was lovely as well. Sherlock didn’t really
Scratching the back of his neck, John said, “Look, uh, would you like to-”
Sherlock raised a single eyebrow to John, and John huffed once, a weak expression of glee. And despite his fatigue, John knew he had just enough in him to open himself once more. He let the magic flow again, and this time he was able to watch the power, churning and skittering, reach Sherlock, who raised his wand with an imperious hand.
Mike grinned around his mouthful of food and waggled his eyebrows at John, who dissolved into giggles.
“Yeah, I know, right?” John rubbed his face with both hands. “Anyway, he’s really smart and rude and interesting, and I think we were becoming friends.”  Harry’s eyes were getting rounder. “I mean, he doesn’t really talk to anyone at school, but he talks to me.”
“Shut up, I know. And when he saw me, his face… I tried to convince myself that it was nothing, but when I saw him on Monday at school, he was
He felt the power thrumming in his blood, and he felt the spells shuddering outside, so he took another deep breath … and he offered it.
Their eyes met, and for a moment John could forget the peril and near-certainty of their deaths. For that heartbeat, it was simply he and Sherlock, the two of them against the world.
Sherlock is on his side, quiet but almost vibrating with unchecked fury. It’s clear he wants to rage, but he’s feeling too sickly to vent the anger properly, and this only fuels it. He looks like he’s ready to explode.
“My name is Sherlock.” The boy's lips were swollen from kissing and his eyes were smoldering, but then he bit his lip, and John thought he could see a hint of insecurity there.
Then Sherlock’s eyes dropped from John’s, lovingly following the curve John’s lips, and John’s paralysis shattered. He shoved his left hand into Sherlock’s dark curls and pulled, too turned on to be gentle. Sherlock resisted for just a moment and then their mouths were crushed together.
It’s the please that does it. John feels his cock give a twitch. He rolls off of Sherlock, tugging his jumper over his head and then working clumsy fingers over the buttons of his shirt. He falls awkwardly on his back, tugging jeans down and off, and he spares a glance at Sherlock, who is also pulling off his trousers. Their eyes meet, and suddenly John’s overcome with the absurdity of the moment. He and Sherlock Holmes are lying in a giant bed together, in the penthouse suite of a luxury hotel in Scotland, and they are both starkers except for their pants.
John rubbed his hands over his face. “Look, I think we’re getting off track. I think you’re mad at me because you saw me … talking to Sarah Sawyer and you jumped to the wrong conclusion.”
John shrugged and thought of the boxes still piled high in his small bedroom. He thought of the worry lines around his mum’s eyes and the club and Sherlock. He felt his cheeks redden.
Not that he could say any of
In the end, they instead left school property and went to a nearby shop. John grabbed two soft drinks from the refrigerator in the back and then led Sherlock to a small park across the street.
John turned to measure out their reagents, almost curious to see what would offend Sherlock next. Sure enough, he soon heard Sherlock making unhappy little noises of discomfort behind him. He glanced over his shoulder to see the other boy swaying from foot to foot, his fingers twitching as though they ached to grab the ingredients from John.
“I asked you a question, freak,” Anderson was saying, his voice tight with rage.
John’s gaze swung between his two friends and he smiled, taking another bite of the sandwich he had brought from home.
John grinned at Sherlock and was delighted when Sherlock responded with one of his real smiles - the one that crinkled the skin around his eyes and made him look almost goofy.
Swiveling, John rocked his pelvis against the other boy’s, pushing both thumbs firmly into the other’s jeans and feeling the bony notches of his hip.
And then his sister completely shocked him.
Snagging her apple, Molly shoved the rest of her tray away. “You’re a little gross, Mike.”
And John could admit it: he wanted to know more about this strange boy who danced like a vision and knew how to pick locks and came apart in John’s hands when John called him lovely.
No one was answering. He heard nothing save for the noise of his own creation.
Maybe Sherlock wasn’t a hero, John thought, but he was hardly heartless.
John had known it was bad, but he hadn’t realized how bad. The entire building was covered in explosive spells. They weren’t complicated, but there were so many of them, each one overlying another, and the air in the room was thick and cloying with potential magic, all held on a hair trigger by Moriarity.
John began to gently move his hand and Sherlock followed his lead.  The smooth play of skin against skin, frenulum brushing against frenulum, made something in John’s brain skitter and go offline. His eyes drifted shut.
The mobile hit the table. Sherlock spun in his chair to face John. The swelling on his cheekbone was purplish, and there was a blood bruise under his eye, but it wasn’t as bad as John had feared. His lower lip appeared to be healing well.
“Give me a break. You barely said a word at dinner and you look like someone who had their heart broken.”
Sherlock wasn’t the most powerful wizard that John had ever met. But he knew more spells than John, had memorized the most archaic charms and hexes, and his understanding of plants and potions bordered on encyclopedic. His power was not vast, but sometimes it seemed to John that he
The dancer wore a purple button-down that hugged his every curve, and the top few buttons were undone to show unusually pale skin. A mop of artfully rumpled dark curls obscured the dancer’s face. Thin, elegant arms were raised in the air, swaying and curling with effortless grace. A long torso twisted and turned as trim hips undulated in waves. The boy raised his head, his chin pointed to the ceiling, and his face was bathed in the light of the strobe light.
Sherlock is not helping the situation. He’s become a whirling dervish at the crime scene, spitting out deductions about the murder victim and forensic team in equal measures. Lestrade’s left eyebrow has begun to twitch, and John is appreciating the beginnings of a headache.
That night they only slept, curled around each other like two perfect circles. John’s spirit may have been willing, but his body was drained, and he fell into a dreamless sleep so deep that when he woke late the following day, for several long moments he couldn’t remember how he had ended up in Sherlock’s bed.
John started to laugh in earnest, but then Sherlock’s hand, slippery and warm, began to move, and John lost the laughter to a groan.  “Right,” he managed to say before he lifted his head for another kiss. “Clever. Very clever.” He felt Sherlock smile into the kiss.
For a moment, it looked like it would work. The bubbling potion began to still, and the smoke evaporated. John let out a steady breath and dared to peek at the wizard beside him. Sherlock grinned.
John blinked at Sherlock’s description of his hand job before shaking the thought away with a toss of his head. "I tried to follow you, you know," he said.  "If you hadn't run away so quickly, I thought we could have, I don't know, exchanged numbers or something. But then you were gone and I didn't think I'd see you again. I couldn't believe it when I saw you in biology on the first day of school. Come on, Sherlock, you've got to admit..." Under Sherlock’s expressionless gaze, he felt his words dry up. "It ... it's got to mean
Lestrade had rubbed the area between his eyes for a good thirty seconds, grumbled under his breath, and then taken his handcuffs and muttered, “Go. Just … just go, Sherlock.”
"Jesus, Sherlock," he finally managed to say, wishing the hurt wasn't so obvious in his voice.
John found a small knot from when Anderson had shoved Sherlock’s head against the wall, but it wasn’t bleeding and Sherlock didn’t seem terribly bothered by John’s palpation. John decided it was a mild injury and didn’t need anything further.  He let his fingers linger in Sherlock’s dark curls for a few seconds longer, enjoying their soft texture against his skin. When he pulled his hands away and stepped back, Sherlock’s eyes had drifted shut, and the lines of tension around his eyes were gone.
Wincing, John dropped the paper and hurried into the kitchen. Sherlock was frowning at his cauldron, where a wicked-looking purplish potion was boiling. It emitted wisps of yellow smoke, which curled toward the ceiling of the kitchen with a decidedly nefarious air.
did you get in here?!”), and Sherlock found himself being marched from the building in handcuffs so that Constable Lestrade could take him in for disturbing a crime scene, or some other rot like that.
Like John, Sherlock’s already removed his shoes and socks, and his suit jacket has already been primly hung in the closet. This means John only has to get through the dress shirt, and he puts all of his energy into gently releasing the buttons. He doesn’t dare to look at Sherlock’s face because Sherlock is staring at him with wide, adoring eyes, and if they make eye contact, John suspects he’ll lose fine motor function.
Sherlock wasn’t in biology class on Monday morning. John got to school fifteen minutes early and spent the entire time carefully arranging and rearranging his notebook and pens, trying to project an air of nonchalance.
“God, Sherlock, I want…” John manages to choke out, and Sherlock replies, “Yes.”
The divorce hadn’t been a surprise. By the time his dad left, John had learned that pain was inevitable when you loved someone. He’d seen that every day in his mum’s face. Sometimes John wondered if there was some sour part in his soul that kept him from finding closeness with others.
“What are you doing?” Moriarty asked, his voice incredulous. “Even if you can take down half of my spells, there are still enough to destroy this entire city block! You, me, your little pet - every stupid little Muggle in their cozy home - you can’t save them, Sherlock. You can’t even save yourself.”
John wondered if a conversation could give him whiplash. “I came looking for you! After you swanned out of chemistry class, Bradstreet was in an awful mood. He yelled at Anderson and then gave us a pop quiz. He was
rule had never met a nine year old like Sherlock Holmes.
Much to John’s disgust, Sherlock found the mad wizard fascinating, and each day John battled a growing sense of dread as Moriarty raised the stakes and Sherlock hurried to comply.
Tourniquet.
And despite himself, Sherlock found himself responding.
And then the sun would come up, and John would take a deep breath, let his hurt fade, and go about his day.
John stared back.
the night was.
Sherlock’s head suddenly jerked and he stepped away from the shadows. “They’re here. Come on, John!”  And he was running, feet pounding through the puddles as he raced away.
“It’s good, though.” Mike spoke with a full mouth. He took a swig of milk and went on eating, oblivious to the look of disgust that Molly was shooting his way.
A pale hand emerged from the darkness of the room, the index finger curling in a come hither motion. John’s feet moved without him being aware of any input from his brain.
“Alright? Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, his eyes intent on John’s.
He was alone. But that was the way of things, wasn’t it?
Something has to be done.
Sherlock reached out.
The products were unceremoniously snatched away.
He was invincible.
Lestrade, taking Sherlock’s stillness for surrender, pats his shoulder once, twice. “There’s a good man,” he says.
But surely no one else could share that impossible name?
“What makes you think I have one?” he asked, his voice a smoky whisper. “Plenty of wizards can’t cast the charm.”
Sherlock let the back of his head drop against the door, grimacing when this aggravated the bump on the back of his head. He pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his long arms around them.
thing to happen all week. Up until this point, the week had been awful, dull,
“You weren’t at Hogwarts,” John said one day.
The door swings open to reveal Lestrade, face harried and shirt coffee-stained. He sees John and Sherlock, and his face flits from concerned to bemused to annoyingly smug.
Sherlock didn’t have sex when he was on a case. The Work came first. John didn’t mind because he was an integral part of the Work. And Sherlock had other ways of showing his affection - a lingering touch, a quick but genuine smile meant for John’s eyes only, or a quick spell to keep John’s gloves warm during a particularly long stake-out.
The kiss never had the chance to stay chaste. A warm tongue trailed across the seam of John’s lips, and when he gasped, the other boy began to lick into his mouth. John blindly grabbed at his narrow hips and pulled their bodies flush. The boy hummed appreciatively into John’s mouth and placed his hands on either side of John’s face. It was wet and messy, and John thought it was probably the hottest kiss he’d ever experienced. This kiss blew all others out the water. It made other kisses seem like holding hands. This kiss was
There came a heavy sign from Lestrade. “This was part of the deal, Sherlock.” He held up three fingers. “Three conditions,” Lestrade continued, lowering the fingers one at a time. “One, you stay clean. Two, you involve me and don’t run off on your own. Three, paperwork gets done.”
“What about the other forgers?” Sherlock asked, suddenly aware of how complete John’s attention was. John didn’t seem to be worried that his back was to the hallway. It was unusual for the ex-soldier to let his guard down as he was right now.
As the minutes ticked away, John knew with increasing certainty that Sherlock’s reaction had been his fault. The knowledge dug into his skin like a bur. He had just been talking to his friends, he told himself - well, his friends and Sarah.
John smiles but doesn’t say anything, wondering if Sherlock thinks he’s being subtle.
John hops to follow him, because that’s what he does. But he also allows his shoulder to bump against Anderson’s as he passes, in a move that’s just a little too rough to be unintentional because, apparently, that’s also what he does.
the ordinary way. Yesterday morning you swept up the shards of my flasks with a broom, and you reset the pilot light in the oven by hand on Wednesday.”
Harry reached over and wrapped her arms around him. “If he’s that pissed at you, then it didn’t mean nothing.”  She pulled back to look him in the face, keeping her hands tight on his shoulders. “It definitely meant something to him.”
John felt like his lungs were on fire. His heart was pounding madly in his chest, his calves were burning, and he was growing what promised to be a truly spectacular bruise on his right hip - and he was having the time of his life. The game was in its final minutes, and his team was just barely in the lead. Their opponents had been good, but John’s team was better.
with Sarah.
John suddenly couldn’t stop speaking. He realized he had wanted to tell someone about Sherlock, but there hadn’t been anyone. How could he tell Mike and Molly? They certainly didn’t dislike Sherlock, but they definitely didn’t see Sherlock the way John did. Greg would have thought John had lost his mind. His mum .... no, he couldn’t talk to his mum about Sherlock.
Yet in some ways, John felt like Sherlock was as much of an outsider as himself. Sherlock flitted through the magical community, never staying long enough to lay down any roots. Wherever he went, dragging John along, he was a visitor. Lestrade’s team of Aurors peered at him with suspicion, and while Sherlock had a great many acquaintances, he had no other friends, as far as John could tell.
in Sherlock’s eyes, the expressions he covers up so quickly. He thinks about the hurt he just saw in Sherlock and how he seemed to deflate.
Sherlock smiles, a hint of teeth, then winces as his body tenses. His Adam’s apple bobs and John freezes, ready to help if the nausea overpowers him. Sherlock swallows and swallows and grows still again.
John reached down, gentle of the marred skin on Sherlock’s wrists, and pulled the taller man to his feet. His hands came up as though to rest on Sherlock’s shoulders, but then he seemed to change his mind, and instead he gently patted the Belstaff, wiping off dirt and grime collected during the night’s misadventures.
“Why not?” Sherlock said, as though that was a perfectly natural thing that John should have done.
"It's just..." Greg hesitated, and John saw him look to Molly for help. "I've never seen Sherlock fight like that with someone before.”
A litany of observations run from Sherlock’s mouth, half-formed thoughts cut off as he interrupts himself. The frenzied pace of his words is too fast for anyone to follow. Lestrade crosses his arms and frowns at Sherlock.
, but that had changed when he learned that there were rules to wizardry.
It was intolerable.
His orgasm begins to build deep in his pelvis, and John closes his eyes tightly, wanting to delay the inevitable. He thinks he could live in this moment forever. He would not eat or sleep or interact with people other than Sherlock. He could be content to stay in this hotel room, in Sherlock’s body, he thinks, the smell of sex permeating his nose and the sounds of Sherlock’s cries ringing in his ears.
The music changed, and a song with a faster tempo began to play. The boy turned again in John’s arms, resting his forearms on John’s shoulders and his forehead against John’s, his long spine curling. John felt surrounded by his body. The boy moved with the music, his hips rolling with the bass, and he took the lead. His unusual eyes locked with John’s and a laconic smile crossed his lips. John wrapped one possessive arm around his waist and rolled his other shoulder back and away.
There was a sound very much like someone had raced by his head too quickly on a broom. The air in the room shifted.
John glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. The other boy was still turned about in his seat, his entire attention on John. John’s stomach turned over with the sound of his name in Sherlock’s mouth.
Leaving Sherlock's mouth, John kisses his cheekbones, first one and then the other, his jaw, and finally he reaches the long stretch of pale neck. He sucks gently, drawing blood to the surface, and when Sherlock lets out a long keen, he presses the flat of his tongue against the bruise he’s made.
John, for his part, winced and scratched the back of his neck with one hand. “I mean, there’s a reason we have this, uh, thing. This partnership. You’re the brains, and I’m pretty good with my fists.”
“How would you know?” Sherlock’s eyes flashed.
John’s hand slipped from his, and the nurse took him away.
John’s face was in shadows, the light behind him bright and glaring. But soon Sherlock could make out the worried lines of his forehead, the pinched quality of his lips, and the concern in his eyes, so full of emotion that Sherlock felt a knocking in his chest.
Greg stepped heavily onto John's foot before he sat down.  "Hi, Molly!" he said. "And hi, Mike," he added quickly.
“John Watson?”
John, whose entire awareness has focused on the warm hardness pressed against him, has to swallow before he can speak.  “Are you calling me a slag?”
Sherlock kisses like John is his only source of oxygen. It’s sloppy and without art, but perfect. His hands flutter around John, grasping his biceps, running up his flanks, and then gripping his arse tightly. John doesn’t remember ever being touched like this, like he’s someone’s entire world.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away, and John’s concern grew.  “Not yet,” the other man said finally.
Mike and Greg stopped talking and turned to stare at John, along with Molly.
Here the doctor stood, and Sherlock could not help but again reflect on how small and ordinary his friend looked. John had put on a cardigan for their stake-out. It was a black one at least, but still -
“What’s your patronus?” John asked. He was rocking back and forth on his feet, shivering against the cold and hoping that a conversation would distract him. Every few minutes, his shoulder brushed Sherlock’s.
“The worst,” Mike answered. “The worst’s dad. Who is also the worst.”
It’s not like those dates went anywhere serious, he thinks. He certainly never felt as close to his dates as he does to Sherlock, even if their relationship clearly has no sexual component.  He swallows. Not that he’d want that - not with Sherlock. Sherlock is his friend, the best friend he’s ever had, and the intimacy they share, John thinks, has eclipsed the memory of all other relationships. Besides, he reasons as he turns over and feels himself begin to drift off, if all he wants is an orgasm, well, that’s why a man has shower in which to wank.
John cradled the slip of paper in his hands like it was something precious. A warm balloon began to expand rapidly in his chest, and John found himself smiling.
Well, Sherlock clearly wasn’t going to start the conversation, John thought. “Bradstreet said our experiment was perfect,” he said. “I didn’t quite understand acid-base titrations when I read about them in the book, but after listening to you, they make sense.”
Moriarity and Sherlock were facing each other, and had he not been exhausted, John would have laughed at the expression of utter bewilderment on the former’s face. Moriarty’s mouth worked, but no words emerged.
The thought was intolerable.
Sherlock swiveled in his seat, his attention now on his mobile.  “You may continue the lecture,” he drawled, still not looking at the teacher.
Sherlock remained still.
Sally was still talking. “And he’s always skulking around, talking to himself. He’s a weirdo. It’s like he’s on drugs or something. You shouldn’t be friends with him.”
Throughout the entire period, John couldn’t drag his eyes away from the delicate gestures of Sherlock’s wrists, the play of his long fingers, and the graceful movements of his body. Low level arousal burned deep in John’s stomach.
Oh, John thinks. Oh, but this could be a powerful weapon.
"You're hardly the first person I've gotten off with at a club," Sherlock said, and John felt his clipped words like a punch to the solar plexus. He had to take a deep breath to steady himself.
“Our first game is this Friday,” John announced as he sat down next to Sherlock on Wednesday morning.  “Rugby, I mean.”
Sherlock was still staring at him, so John made a big show of snagging a quill so that he could start his crossword.  After a few moments, Sherlock hummed again. This time, John wasn’t sure what the hum meant.
What type of criminal still used chloroform, he thought peevishly.  Didn’t they know it wasn’t like in the movies? If wield by a stupid foe - and really, weren’t most of them stupid? - chloroform could do real damage to its victim. The attacked party could suffer permanent damage and perhaps not even wake up.
It was tiring.
...and into Sherlock.
John grabbed both of the boy’s hands.
John seemed to blame him for some reason.  “You should have told me hours ago you weren’t feeling well, Sherlock!” he had argued. “What if it had perforated? You could have been septic!”. But John was wearing the expression that meant he was mad at the harm that could have come to Sherlock, not Sherlock himself. Sherlock was equally pleased that he was able to recognize this expression
to love him. He was a product of illogical passion, when everything else in her life had been measured and weighed, pros and cons carefully listed and considered. What room did her impromptu son have in this ordered life? That’s why he had moved out as soon as he was sixteen, and that’s why she lived alone in her one room flat with her ginger cat -
“I just-” John struggles to find the words. “I can’t believe how lucky I am.”
Their eyes met.
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice gentle and soft. “You need to tell me if you’re okay with this.” He then presses up onto his toes and brushes his lips against Sherlock’s. He makes sure the touch is light, clearly asking permission, but steady - he doesn’t want Sherlock to think that he isn’t sure of his own intent.
“Did you see Sebastian Wilkes drive in today in a new BMW?” Mike’s eyes were wide.
John’s world skidded to a stop, and he felt like the air had been sucked from the room. He opened his mouth to argue with his sister and then realized there was no argument.
Sherlock leaned forward, and in a move that was startlingly free from grace or innuendo, especially considering that this was now their second sexual encounter, he pressed a dry and quick kiss to John’s lips. He pulled away quickly, nodded once, and slipped out the door and away.
“John, what’s the name of the jewelry store?” he asked again, his voice not quite low enough to escape Bradstreet’s notice.
“You held your breath?” Sherlock hated repetition but this seemed worth verifying.
“Invite me to sit with you,” he whispered, falling into step beside John.
Sherlock’s lips were just as soft as John had imagined they would be, and his tongue, which swiped across the seam of John’s lips before delving inside, was just as clever.
He suspected he failed miserably.
The words have barely left Sherlock’s mouth, and John is already moving. There’s no hesitation in the roll of his hips, and Sherlock moves with him, gasping and bending in an impossible way, seeking John’s lips. They breathe against each other, hot gusts of air mixing rather than lips meeting. Sherlock is hot and tight around John, who finds his hips begin to stutter. His thrusts become harder and shorter, and he pushes up, bracing himself over Sherlock with his right arm, the good arm, and reaching into Sherlock’s curls with his left hand.
“Get out of here now, and I won’t break your nose,” John said, so mad that he could barely speak. He was distantly aware of a red haze that threatened to overtake his entire vision.
“John.”
John swallowed against his dry throat.  “I don’t even know your name,” he finally managed to stammer.
“Jesus, Johnny, you’ve got it
“We’re choosing lab partners today,” the other girl replied. She was standing territorially over a table with another female student. “Bradstreet says we can’t switch after we choose today.”
John reached his clean hand around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer. “Spread your legs a bit,” he whispered, and Sherlock complied. By doing so, Sherlock and John were finally of the same height.
Refusing to look up, John shook out his paper. “Sherlock, I just sat down. Unless you’re going to tell me that something’s about to explode, I’m not getting up.”
A dark eyebrow rose.
Sherlock froze. He had never been kissed before. He had never
Eyes narrowed, John peered closer, trying to identify what was missing. And then he saw it. The spell was solid, but the power just wasn’t there. Sherlock, as clever as he was, didn’t have the sheer might to cast this particular spell.
John didn’t know what to say to that. Aware of Molly’s eyes on him, John decided to change the subject. “So Greg Lestrade is the rugby captain, right? What’s he like?”
John suspected that Greg’s boast and subsequent display was for Molly’s benefit. It seemed to be working. She was stubbornly looking elsewhere, but her cheeks were rosey.
“He’s right,” Molly hurried to add. “I’ve seen him insult people or out their terrible secrets or say something totally awful, but I’ve never seen him spend time arguing with someone."  Molly bit her lip and then continued. "You know, like he cared."
He opened his eyes.
Sherlock pushes his feet against the armrest, and his head inches toward John. It’s such a small movement that it’s barely noticeable. John bites his lip.  Sherlock is still for another minute, and then he moves a little bit closer to John.
Flushing, John felt his fingers curl into fists and he had to look down at his feet for several long moments to collect himself. "Sure. I don't know." He snuck a look at Sherlock, whose countenance was as smooth as marble. "I thought it was good. I ... I felt something. Are you seriously telling me that you didn't feel anything?"
“Come on, sweetheart. Yes, that’s it. It’s so good. God, you feel so good, Sherlock. I could touch you forever. You’re beautiful. Please, please,
They quickly found a rhythm, and mirth gave way to pants and moans. Sherlock kissed with such relish that it was almost painful, but John couldn’t bring himself to pull away even a bit. He kept finding new places on Sherlock’s body to touch - the rolling muscles of Sherlock’s back, the sweat-wet hair at his nape, the clenching flesh of his buttocks. Sherlock pulled his lips away suddenly and began to pant against John’s scarred shoulder. He was close. They both were.
“You were hit on the head,” John murmurs, fingers ghosting along Sherlock’s hairline. “Antagonizing the big guy might not have been your brightest idea.” He wants to run his hands through those dark curls, reassure himself that the mighty brain, the organ that makes Sherlock who he is, is safe and intact, but he holds himself back. “You’ve been out for twenty minutes, give or take. Nearly scared me to death. I don’t see any sign of a skull fracture, but it took you a long time to wake up.  I-” he pauses here to steady his voice. “I was worried.”
. Too many hands touched him. These hands checked his temperature, palpated his abdomen, and administered IV antibiotics. By the time Sherlock was prepped for his emergency laparoscopic surgery, he was ready to tear his hair out and curl into a tight ball with his hands over his ears.
“Come visit me in Romania,” Charlie said.
Having played enough team sports to experience a range of personalities when it came to team captains, John was quickly impressed with Greg. He ran a tight ship, but he was fair and amiable. He made it clear immediately that he wouldn’t stand for any laziness or hazing, and he treated the new players as well as he did the veterans.
Sherlock dropped his book and pen and spun in his seat. Surprised, John didn’t have the time to move back, and he found that he was only inches away from Sherlock’s face. The smell of Sherlock’s shampoo - woodsy and expensive - transferred John back to the moment when Sherlock had been dancing in his arms, his chest to John’s back. John felt a swooping sensation in his stomach.
“Anderson’s an idiot,” Sherlock said dismissively. “And that doesn’t explain why
There was only silence in response.
John didn’t give Anderson time to back off. He skipped forward, jabbing out with his left fist. It connected with Anderson’s nose with a satisfying crunch. The other boy didn’t fall, but he stumbled back several feet, his hands pressed against his face as a litany of curses fell from his mouth.
“I just… I thought it meant something.” John felt like an idiot hearing the words out loud. He was humiliated to find that his eyes were actually getting wet, and he put every bit of his energy into not letting himself cry. He couldn’t. Not in front of
Sherlock moved through the magical world with a grace that John could never imagine possessing. The Holmes were purebloods who could trace their family line almost as far back as Merlin. Mycroft used his lineage to burrow so deeply into wizard bureaucracy that his name was almost synonymous with the Ministry, John often thought.
Grabbing one hip tighter so that his fingers cradled the iliac crest, John moved his other hand up and around to splay across his partner’s chest. His aubergine shirt was made of fine material, and John figured it probably cost more than every item in his own closet put together. The shirt clung to the boy’s narrow chest, and beneath the soft cloth, John could feel his lungs expanding and his heart knocking. The heel of John’s hand brushed gently against one nipple, and the boy shuddered and pushed his arse backwards more firmly against John.
Sherlock did not look down. In his mind’s eye, he saw his brother leaning against the base of the tree, looking for all the world like he was at a tasteful saloon rather than this park. Mycroft’s brown Oxfords were clean from mud and grass even though he had taken the same course as Sherlock to reach this copse of trees. Sherlock, for his part, had managed to get mud in his dark curls, and he knew that when she saw him tonight, Mummy would click her tongue and all but throw him into the bath.
John retreated a few steps, again making sure Sherlock was directly behind him. “I warned you,” he replied.
had given him his number.
He was John Watson. He could do this.
Sherlock looked doubtful, and John was reminded of what Molly had said - that Sherlock’s deductions had made him rather unpopular.  John understood this. Having the details of his life spit at him from a total stranger with eyes that saw too much was certainly uncomfortable. Sherlock was not polite, and both his tone and bearing lacked humility. His words came at John like a deluge that did not inspire reciprocal conversation.
John saddled up to Molly in the lunch line. She was peering suspiciously at the dessert options.
that you and James Sholto weren’t just-” she made quotation marks with her fingers- “‘co-captains’ last year.”
John shrugged, and he was grinning outright now. “Yeah, I mean, I’m not a genius or anything, but it seemed like a good idea. I’m surprised you went with the other route.”
When Bradstreet’s lecture began, John had to admit to himself that Sherlock wasn’t coming to class. He told himself it wasn’t a big deal.
Sherlock sneered and jerked his shoulder out from under the constable’s friendly hand. Without another word, he turned on his heel and stormed down the sidewalk, moving quickly away from the flashing police lights and yellow tape … and then cut into the small alley between the bodega and high-end hair salon. He climbed the chain-link fence on the other side, and then slithered up the gutter. It was not dignified, of course, but it worked.
