"If quick win were the most important thing," Aaron said, "it would be enough to take the phone, delete a photo, and throw the CD into the canal under the window."
John thought he had gotten used to the thought. He accepted it, but the sight of Sebastian made his face pale. He felt all the muscles in his body involuntarily clench, he lost his breath, and all thoughts vanished from his head. Earlier he would consider it as a sign of infatuation, falling in love, or on the contrary - fear, and panic - but his feelings for Sebastian were much more complicated. Moran destroyed him. He broke him in every possible way. It was because of him that he lost confidence. He hated himself for some time and closed his heart to men. Meeting him again after all these years was a shock. It hurt him, and the memories he tried to get rid of came back with redoubled force. When he saw him for the first time three weeks earlier, he realized that he would never be free from what had happened between them. That Sebastian will always stay with him and that he is part of who he has become. In the dimly lit corridor, he looked the same as the day he last saw him. He hasn't changed at all. His piercing eyes, desperate, penetrated him right through. Short hair and sharp facial hair were the same. His strong arms that...
John could imagine Mycroft's serious expression and Sherlock's much more fierce look. He imagined how they glared at each other as they sat facing each other by the fireplace. He was sure that was the situation on Baker Street right now.
John watched her, which irritated Sherlock so much that he felt like standing in front of him and blocking the sight of a woman walking away. However, he did not do so for various reasons. One of them was that desperation didn't suit the situation they were in, and that childlike jealousy could have made John amused. Sherlock did not want to agree to this. He did not want his feelings to be associated with something funny and irrelevant. He wanted John to seriously consider all the expressions of jealousy, possessiveness, and protectiveness that were usually associated with love.
Aaron watched him too. He frowned slightly as his eyes fell on Holmes's lips.
"What do you mean?".
John, who had been silent so far, rubbed his tired eyes. "You know, Greg. If someone had told me two weeks ago that we would be talking about this one day ...".
"Don't be ridiculous, John. I know my limits and I know when I must give up. Unlike others. And that's why I don't wander around the city until the morning and I don't taste my friend's saliva, among empty streets... ". The bitterness in his voice was unbearable. He said what he thought about John's behavior before he realized it was wrong. He fell silent for a moment and went back to writing.
Sherlock almost snorted and leaned back in his chair. It was obvious that he did not believe what was happening.
"I can't let you walk around the city by yourself, John. I'd go crazy with worrying if you got there safe and sound ..." he said near his ear. Not too loud, but John understood him despite the loud noise surrounding them. John frowned because he didn't like the context of the conversation. He walked forward and didn't care about Aaron, who never stepped away from his side and mumbled something next to his head. John didn't know if he was lost in his thoughts or focused on the goal, but before he knew it, he was already standing in front of the building where Mycroft was waiting for him. He breathed a sigh of relief and stepped inside the hotel without waiting for Aaron's reaction.
The interior was not as elegant as in the Danieli Hotel but it was cozy and large. The very idea that he would have to look for Mycroft in this huge building made John feel his strength moving away from him. He was about to approach the man with the plaque and try to talk to him, when he saw Mycroft out of the corner of his eye, coming out of the large hall behind the hall. He smiled and walked over to him. Mycroft saw him too. He didn't seem as annoyed as in the morning. When the doctor was halfway up, Mycroft's face became serious. John had no idea what had happened.
The leader of the meeting swallowed but did not show any nervousness. "The chance for this mission to succeed is thirty to thirty-five percent."
"Could I ..." he said and looked around nervously with narrowed eyes, he clenched his fists as he used to do in awkward situations. Anthea looked at him over the phone. "... may I join you?" he asked.
Lucy changed the subject. She saw that she should not talk about Sherlock and his fascination with a friend. She cleared her throat nervously and straightened, looking away from the things lying on the tables. "Haven't completed your backpack yet?"
"Silwan Shalom is a very stubborn man," Francesca said, pointing to a bald man with glasses who in silence sat next to Stoner.
"What is it ... my love? This is what I should do, right? I should behave like a loving husband, so why should I not take this opportunity?"
"Because it won't be. Everything has changed, John." Mycroft loved looking at the quick changes on his face, but he wasn't cruel. He quickly explained what he meant. "But between you and me, not you and Sherlock. You were and always will be friends. You know him. His world revolves around you. Which annoys me a little," he admitted, looking away for a moment. "I'm sure when you get back to your flat, Sherlock will be just like always, you won't even notice the difference."
Of course. It would be strange if the elder Holmes did not know every step of his brother. John was convinced that he was closely monitored by the government and Mycroft himself too.
He noticed Holmes sucked in a breath but forced himself to remain silent, pressing his lips tightly together.
Finally, Sherlock found a place that interested him so much. It turned out that the second killer was a misogyny-gondolier. He murdered women in the western and southern parts of the city. His victims were lonely ladies who unsuspectingly used his boat at night. Instead of going home, they went under water. He abandoned their bodies in various parts of the city. His trail was only found after the sixth victim, and it took the authorities more than two years to catch him. Sherlock's story interested John and Molly very much. His deductions effectively made their time more enjoyable. Even Mycroft, who didn't really like this type of entertainment, occasionally added short comments, adding more competition to the discussion. They moved from one crime scene to another until the topic of the second serial killer finally ended. Sherlock deduced everything he could. Mycroft pointed out his mistakes every time he had a different opinion. But John and Molly learned more than during their entire stay in Venice. The hours went by. They felt hunger more and more. They decided it was time to relax and eat something.
After a pleasant night, John and Sherlock ate breakfast prepared by their beloved landlady. The doctor enjoyed every minute of such a beautiful day, but his friend looked like he was thinking about something really hard.
The man nodded and disappeared somewhere in the back room, so John rubbed his face. It was midday and he felt as exhausted as if he had spent one of those tiring days in Afghanistan. He met the so-called 'energy vampires' several times in his life, but he had to admit that no one could match Stoner. It was literally a few moments in his company, and John felt depressed, tired and gloomy. He felt that Aaron took all his strength, and he couldn't help it. It didn't help that Stoner strove for his attention and company.
"I don't even want to think about the food at such a temperature ..." he said casually and ... Oh, there we go! There's Sherlock's reaction. He looked up from the phone only to see if he had heard it correctly. John wanted to kick his calf under the table. Yes, he knew that look. Sherlock was surprised every time his friend refused to eat as if he were addicted to it. John crossed his arms over his chest.
He glanced at the coachman, who was staring ahead with a blank stare, and then again into the carriage. He bit his lower lip and placed his foot on the hand-decorated step. He slipped into the dark interior of the carriage, taking his place in front of the mysterious man. He heard the soft click of a door closing, followed by the footsteps of the coachman climb up to his seat. The horses started moving, setting the carriage in motion. He cast a glance around the interior, tucking the revolver in his coat pocket. The curtains on the windows blocked the light. Elegant details matched the black leather, decorating the seats and the walls of the carriage. The carriage was a slight chill, yet stuffy. He stared at the man for a long time, listening to the clatter of hooves and the soft squeaking of one of the wheels.
Figuring out where he was and what he was doing didn't surprise John as much as the fact that Sherlock could also figure out the amount of time he spent there. John assumed he also knew about the amount of alcohol he drank. He nodded with a barely visible movement. He was about to reply, but Mycroft soft voice interrupted him.
"Why?".
"Stop with this show and go back to your queen, make her cup of tea or something" growled younger genius, but his words did not have any influence on his brother. Mycroft didn't even look at him.
"What can I get you, sir?"
"John!" Sherlock cut in. He was clearly outraged and did not control his emotions. "You are not serious, are you ?! You are going to pretend to be a husband of this self-confident snob for two weeks and..." he fell silent, then looked at his brother furiously. "... and everything for your patients?" he yelled.
Alcohol did its job. Under normal circumstances, John would have clenched his teeth and left the apartment like a normal person, but for some reason, his rational side was starting to fail when he was near Sherlock. He approached the side of the balcony that was closest to Sherlock. He put his hands on the balustrade, hung one leg over it, and set it on the cornice. He hesitated for a split second, then joined the other leg. In the end, he managed to grab the balustrade on the balcony of his friend. Sherlock held him tightly and helped him climb onto the terrace.
"How much you have started to care about John over the past week?"
"It's just like I thought. You're a double-faced snake, but you don't lack cowardice too," he said and surprised Aaron.
"Fingerprints". Holmes approached the table and looked at the scattered sheets of paper. "I'm working to prove that fingerprints are the future of criminology."
Aaron gave Mycroft a meaningful look. "I told you to persuade your brother to join your group. He's better than many of perfectly trained agent." He ignored Holmes's face and turned directly to Sherlock, but before that, he gave John a meaningful glance once again. "Did you find what you were looking for?" he asked.
"Yes".
"What just happened, Mycroft?" John asked after a long, tense moment. He walked alongside his husband, who led him through the narrow streets. Mycroft said nothing but pushed forward with clenched teeth. John couldn't stand it and grabbed his elbow, then turned him around. It was only now that the older man sighed heavily and looked down.
"What am I looking at, Holmes?" he asked without taking his eyes off the paper. He felt movement, then the presence of a detective who had taken a long time to walk behind his back.
"John!"
"Where have you read this nonsense?" Mycroft asked with undisguised surprise.
"Oh, without a doubt." Sherlock leaned slightly toward Molly to look at the cat. "His owner gives him a lot of freedom and I let him wander around the city."
"Please, let me do it myself," he said. He got up from his chair and put his other hand on Sherlock's fingers. It was warm and the touch was emotional and tender. "I promise I'll be back as soon as possible."
There was a slight surprise on the other man's face, which was replaced almost immediately by that nasty smile that made John shiver. "I do not intend to attend this meeting ... I will learn the most important things from my people."
"You must be out of your mind, if you think, I will agree to your offer. Please, just leave us alone "John did not even hide that Aaron's presence irritated him. He looked at him but a second later he saw Mycroft coming onto the terrace and walking in their direction.
Mycroft frowned hearing that name. He did not know that in John's belief his assistant was called that. He remained silent and focused on the doctor.
"To join the investigation. To get involved... in certain relationships."
"I do," he said loudly as if accepting his proposal. Elder Holmes just frowned slightly and turned John's hand over, then put the box in his hand. John sighed theatrically. He sat down in a comfortable armchair and put on a wedding ring. "Eh... What made me choose you?..." he muttered. He had to admit one thing, he loved to provoke Mycroft and put him in awkward situations. Suddenly, like a bolt from the blue, he realized one more thing.
Many words and questions pressed on his lips. He clenched them and shook his head. If Holmes did not want to talk about the professor anymore, he should respect that. He decided to talk about the thing they came here for. "I found a similar knife he used".
"I had to clarify a few things with Sherlock. I wasn't going to take your time, that's why I decided to come when he was alone."
"You were in a hurry ... Icy water is not good for skin in the morning, John," she said, amused, and gently scraped off the dried shaving foam from his neck.
Elder Holmes's gaze could kill. He looked like he wanted to get rid of his brother right now.
He walked away from the table and slowly came the balustrade. He leaned on his elbows on a cold murmur and looked down. At any other time, he would probably love the beauty of the surroundings. He would appreciate not only the colors and cleanliness but also the love that the owners had to put in decorating this hotel. Now, however, his thoughts were focused on Mycroft.
"You kept your distance at the beginning," John reminded him with a smile. "You didn't know how you should treat me and you didn't understand some of my behavior ..." he said, putting the bottle down. He rested his elbows on the cold balustrade.
"I had to say it first because you would never do it ... At least not using  words." He looked down. He tried to control his emotions and his raging heart. "I'm sorry I didn't do this sooner." He rubbed his eyes again and took a step towards the window. For a moment he focused on the streaks of rain and dark clouds that engulfed the streets of London. "I was too much of a coward to say it, even though I really wanted to. At first, I had to question who I was and who I wanted to be in the eyes of others. I was afraid of the reaction and rejection of my family, friends ..." he paused and added shaking his head with disapproval "...and people who are strangers to me". He realized how much time he had wasted, fearing something that didn't matter anyway. "From the beginning, I admired you for not pretending to be somebody you are not and for always being yourself no matter what the situation." He turned his head towards Sherlock. He felt a bit calmer. "I love you for the fact that, although you are sometimes awkward in dealing with emotions and feelings, you devote yourself to people who are close to you and I love you for what you are able to do for them."
"Jesus Christ!" he jumped in surprise, dropping the knife from his hand. Holmes stood behind him, and he could still hear the detective's voice in his right ear. He was shocked at how quickly and silently he was able to move.
"I just did it a moment ago ..." Mycroft answered confused.
Of course. He heard the carriage before it even pulled up to the door. One of the axles needed daily lubrication. The broken axle creaked softly but rhythmically, driving him crazy. This caused a nervous tic in his eye and teeth grinding. Usually, he would postpone another trip until one of the servants had the axle fixed, but not this time. He had specific plans for the night. The meeting he was waiting for.
"Francesca is a beautiful woman, even you have to admit it"
The road up the stairs seemed long and winding. Sherlock had the feeling that during his absence Mrs. Hudson remodeled their flat, increasing the number of stairs, moving the walls and adding countless unnecessary things on their way. When they finally reached the bedroom, they were sweaty and wet with saliva. They lost their shirts somewhere halfway. They opened the bedroom door with a bang, and they also closed it in the same way. They fell on the bed exchanging kisses and caressing their bodies with greedy hands. Sherlock had the feeling that he had forgotten about something. The thought stayed with him for a moment, but it disappeared when John sucked on his neck. He closed his eyes in pleasure, arched his back, and sighed loudly. He was going to show John how much he adored and loved him. He wanted to prove that his love was greater than he could have imagined. He wanted to finally prove that despite the opinion of the cold sociopath he acted before other people, he could love with all his heart, devote himself to a loved one and make him happy. His desires and intentions, however, melted away under hot breath, deep kisses, and other wonderful things John was doing to him right now. His beloved John. He let him caress his body and although he was not skilled at all, he returned his efforts as best he could. As their naked bodies joined together, he shuddered, letting out a long sound of pleasure. He had longed to experience this feeling for so long, although he doubted for a long time whether he would ever be able to know it. When John rubbed against him, when he was panting in his ear, and when he was whispering words that he could not distinguish by excitement, he prayed that it would not turn out to be a dream. One of his dreams. A sleepy desire that melted when he opened his eyes. However, John's kisses, his insistence, and dexterity made him realize how much reality differed from his wildest dreams. He found this out when a shiver and spasm shook his body. When everything around him swirled under the influence of the pleasure he felt down his stomach.
"Thank you, John. You helped me today," Mycroft said, as he walked next to him, across a wide corridor to their apartment. It was a late night, so they tried to get to the room as quiet as possible.
"It's a surprise, honey. Mycroft didn't say, we are have the opportunity to meets you here".
A smile danced on Holmes's lips. He straightened his top hat and put on his gloves. "I'm going to look at the potential murder weapons now. Would you like to accompany me, Dr Watson?"
However, the doctor heard the girl's soft voice. He looked at her and focused his attention on the melody for a moment. "I think Santa Lucia," he said, and she nodded. He remembered how he felt the day before when he was completely ignored by his friend. He wanted to spare Molly the same feeling, so he decided to devote some time to her. He knew that if he didn't do it, nobody would. He got up from the table, catching the eyes of both Sherlock and Mycroft. He reached out to Molly and went with her to the dance floor to join the other dancing couples.
"I haven't sent anyone to you yet," he said and looked at surprised Aaron.
"Sherlock, I need to rest," he said when he saw a very pleasant and secluded spot on the bridge over the canal. He felt his legs were heavy and he wanted to soak them in cool water. He wanted to take off the shoes he was wearing all day. He looked at his friend. Sherlock followed him without a word. When they were both on the wooden footbridge, John took off his shoes. He set them aside and sat down, hanging his feet from the platform. He sighed in relief and closed his eyes.
"In that case, I hope you know where we keep all the cleaning supplies because I'm not going to clean up this mess." Mrs. Hudson went to the kitchen door and opened it. Smoke slowly began to fall on the table, fridge, and everything around. "Oh, Sherlock ..." she looked at him with reproach and entered the kitchen. She hesitated when she saw what her flat looked like. She used to say one thing and do another, which is why Sherlock was not surprised when she started cleaning. "I must seriously consider increasing your rent." She was bustling around the kitchen and put all glass things in the sink.
Oh yes. He noticed it. He always knew John's mood. Just one look was enough for him. He knew everything about him or at least hoped so. John was his whole world. For a very long time. And although he dared not admit it aloud, he... loved him. Yes. He loved John. He was sure of it. He had loved him for a long time, but he never dared to tell him about it. What's more, he didn't have the opportunity lately, and even if he did, he didn't take advantage of it. He was afraid to lose his beloved friend, so despite the pain and longing he was silent and dreamed about him how he had always done it for several years now. He never cared about other people's opinions. John did. Sherlock saw it in his body language. Each time his friend tensed his muscles and smiled uncomfortably when someone looked at them as if they were a couple. Sherlock didn't understand why John cut himself off from his sexual orientation so much. He knew he had some childhood traumas, but he felt pain when John corrected other people - by telling them they were not a couple - with such determination. This has changed recently, which was a great relief and comfort to Sherlock.
John couldn't stand it. He turned his head quickly and stared at him irritably. "Your cock, you utter cock!" he shouted loudly so that no one would have any doubts. For a second, he regretted his words, because Mycroft entered him to the root with one move, but the shock and discomfort lasted briefly. With each thrust, pleasure poured throughout his body. Mycroft hammered into him with a controlled rhythm, sighing and groaning softly. Sherlock held him tightly in his arms and was gasping straight into his ear. He was trapped, unable to move. However, it was a trap in which he could stay for the rest of his life. He allowed his body to feel the pleasure given to him on both sides. Mycroft set the frustrating slow speed of the thrusts and kept his hips in place, but then gave him back control. John began to move his hips back and forth, fucking Sherlock and fucking himself on Mycroft's cock.
"Buongiorno, John".
John was pressed against the door in an instant. He was completely surprised by Mycroft's sudden move. He grabbed John's throat roughly, pressed his body against the door and attacked him with a kiss. He put his tongue in his mouth. John let out a groan and tried to push the older man away first, but after a while he grabbed him by the front of his clothes and pulled him closer, making the kiss almost painful. Mycroft's hands held his head in one place, dug his fingers into his temple and massaged his blond hair. It was a kiss full of roughness, desperation, and lust. John felt the man's breath, hot cheeks, and trembling body. Mycroft completely lost control. His trembling hands tried to stop John. He didn't want to let him think more about all the things he had shouted a few moments earlier. He kissed him with his eyes closed tightly as if he were afraid to see his reaction.
"And here is your problem ..." John said and after putting his cup on the black counter, he turned to his friend. He forced him to look at him. "... you think and analyze too much. Don't treat me like one of your experiments. Just say what you want to say ... Unless what you want to say is mean and you know it. In that case, try to put it in other words ... Just because I slept with your brother doesn't mean I'm not the same John you lived with for so many years. " John tried to keep his voice from putting pressure on Sherlock. He tried to be calm and friendly, although it was difficult for him to talk about these things.
Mycroft sighed but tried to behave normally. He rubbed his tired eyes with his fingers, and when a doctor appeared next to him, he gladly grabbed the offered glass of water. "Thank you".
"In Molly's magazines. She brought more of these with her than hair bands."
"More like a babysitter. Mr Holmes isn't able to do a thing without me." Her smile was sincere, contagious. She put the tray on the table and, straightening up, pointed her finger at the detective. "He even can't make himself a cup of tea without my help," she added jokingly. She watched him for a long time, her eyes twinkling. "You were right," she said over her shoulder to the detective. "Dr Watson is much more handsome in real life than in the newspapers... I'm glad you got rid of them," she said with a grimace, pointing to the space under her nose.
Holmes rolled his eyes and stood up.
John saw his friend, so he kissed Francesca's cheek and went deeper into the room. He took a few steps when he felt Sherlock's strong arm on his elbow.
"Don't you have your agents?" the archer asked, making Sherlock focus on the conversation. "How did you come up with the idea that a bunch of strangers could handle this task better?"
"People always said Mycroft and I were freaks," he said with a slight smile.
"I will answer all your questions, Sherlock." I want to be honest with you and I want you to see the situation from my point of view. I care about our good relations and I don't want to ... "
"I know". Of course, he believed his friend. Mycroft not only had the opportunity, but also the motivation to write to him right now. He did not doubt his intentional action. Apparently, he couldn't resist irritating him even a little. Right now, when he and John were heading into the apartment to seal their relationship. Sherlock, however, did not intend to let this little malice of Mycroft affect his good mood. He clenched his fingers tighter, giving John a hint that they should not stop on their way home. "Forget about Mycroft. You are with me now."
"... the neighbor heard strange noises at night and saw a man moving away from the place where the corpse was found, but she was not able to describe him to us" he finished quoting all the facts from his notebook. He was holding a pen in his hand. He wanted to write down what Sherlock was about to say.
The hansom cab stopped in front of a flat on Baker Street. He jumped out of the cab, almost twisting his leg. He gave the smiling coachman an amused look. While he was paying, the door to the building swung open. He wasn't sure what he was looking at. Something monstrous appeared on the sidewalk. Fluffy. An enormous bow was barely visible from beneath the spreading white feathers that flowed down the puffed sleeves of a burgundy dress. He lowered his head and saw the familiar eyes and sincere smile that undoubtedly belonged to Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock turned his body more towards Mycroft and put his hands on his hips. John saw that the situation was becoming increasingly tense and dangerous, so he decided to stop this discussion right now.
"I've never been to this part of the building," he said softly, yet his voice echoed across the tall walls and marble floor.
John's heart skipped a beat for a split second. However, he immediately felt a twinge and disappointment. He hoped for a moment that Sherlock would replace the word 'London' with 'to you'. He rebuked himself for it because, despite the time, this strange hope was still burning in him, which he should have abandoned many years earlier.
"I can see your reflexes haven't faded even though you haven't been practising recently."
"I saw him in the morning, he was very ... tense. He murmured something under his breath and walked around the room. Later he went to bed ... He woke up only a few minutes ago and immediately grabbed his laptop ... He did not want anything to disturb him, that's why I left him alone. " She added the last sentence a little quieter and without the smile, she used to have when she talked about Sherlock. John immediately realized that her words were not entirely true. He could bet his friend hadn't said a word when he woke up and ignored Molly completely, wanting to let her know she should leave him alone. Yes, this was the most likely reason why she decided to leave the apartment.
"Then let's go to the cafe around the corner, and after that, I'll personally walk you to your apartment," he said softly, almost hanging over John. Seeing hesitation in John's eyes, he put his hand on his lower back and led him past the large building. John saw a huge square with lots of cafes, tables, chairs and a bunch of people.
"Fake marriage, John," Mycroft interrupted him. "I won't demand anything from you. I just want you to stand by my side as a husband and companion. No obligations. You won't have to sign a single thing. An ordinary gentleman's agreement".
"Leave. Leave, Sherlock. Talking to you doesn't make sense right now," Mycroft murmured, and for the first time in a long time looked him straight in the eye. John saw Sherlock's jaw clench so hard that his teeth could burst and crumble any minute.
He opened the door silently, but they were heard by the receptionist. The man was dressed in a perfect suit and white gloves. He bowed slightly and greeted them with a smile.
He was silent as he analyzed Lestrade's words. "What's so special about him that you still ask for his help?"
What the hell was that? What was this conversation about? John began practically running towards Baker Street. He could feel his heart beating furiously. He rushed forward, passed people watching him, and only stopped at pedestrian crossings to avoid encounters with speeding cars.
"Stop it, I'm serious" he narrowed his eyes. Suddenly the view in front of him was more interesting than a slight irritation on Sherlock's face. For a long time, he wondered where all this was going. He got used to this way of life. He accepted it and learned to cooperate with others. He saw that Sherlock was also doing well, thanks to John and his help. He was fighting with his thoughts while slurping wine. "It's time to take care of yourself," he muttered quietly. "And don't look at others."
John frowned. He straightened up and put away the things he was holding. "Why does everyone think we are a couple?"
"By your expression, I conclude that you do not agree with Dr Phillips," Holmes said, waiting for his reply.
The doctor opened the door and threw the phone at his friend who was taking a shower. After a while, he slammed the door with a big smile and sat in his chair. "As if I haven't watched enough the bare butts in the army ..." he muttered to himself.
They looked at her and then at the red cat. The cat rubbed against her leg with a happy face and tail raised high. The cat bent and flexed, and finally jumped on Molly's lap and purred, thrusting claws into her thighs.
"This is the main problem," the man said quietly and leaned toward Holmes. "... the situation overwhelmed him. He must have had a mental breakdown. His advisers are trying to get him out of the room and convince him to negotiate."
"Here, John," said Mycroft, handing him a glass of champagne.
"Vaffanculo!" the other man did not spare his tongue too.
The room was lit by the orange morning light, the curtains waved slightly. John could hear his own breathing and his footsteps as he went to the window. The first rays of the sun warmed his face. He closed his eyes and stretched. Despite the many doubts he has before arriving in Venice, everything was going according to plan. Maybe it was even better than he had hoped. He didn't feel suppressed when he talked to important personalities, he felt confident in various situations and more importantly, he got along with Mycroft. That was what he worried about the most when he agreed to this strange plan.
Echo spread around the room. Mycroft's words, his voice filled with bitterness and desperation penetrated the walls. The room was quiet for a long long time. Mycroft was the first to break the tension. He sighed. He rubbed his temple with his fingers and put his other hand on his hip.
"Welcome everyone. I am glad that we are all here. Your presence testifies that you value national and social values highly. Before we discuss the reason for your arrival ..."
"That too. I hope that one of them will finally take matters into their own hands," sighed the mother of Sherlock and Mycroft.
"It was his idea ... I couldn't ... I wouldn't dare ask for such things."
"Do you think you are smarter?" he asked immediately.
He frowned at this sudden burst of enthusiasm. "Yes. But I thought you already knew that. We've known each other for almost two decades."
"When you and my brother were playing mommy and daddy, I was interested in unusual cases in Venice." He imagined the faces of his brother, John, and Molly, who stood behind him but continued. "At the end of the eighteenth century, the bodies of two people were found in this place. Rivals, to be more specific. They fought a duel here for the love of their lives."
No, he shouldn't be interested in this.
Mycroft pursed his lips. "We're not children, Sherlock. I thought you had grown out of banter and malice. We both know why I'm here."
His friend was holding a bag, probably with a bottle. He gave him a quick but warm smile. He set the paper bag on the table and took off his jacket. "Something happened when I was away?"
"Please. Do us the honor. Mycroft finally let us meet you after so many years. Do not deny us that kiss," he said, trying not to scream, but the buzz of people was big. John looked at Mycroft, who stood proudly, but his slightly pink cheeks and clenched teeth indicated that he was uncomfortable in this situation. When their eyes met, Mycroft handed the glass over to the other man and looked at John apologetically. But John did not seem angry at the situation. He approached the other man even more and raised his chin invitingly. He felt Mycroft's warm arm around him and his hand on his cheek. He put his hands on Mycroft's chest, and a moment later their lips joined in a kiss. At that moment, everything ceased to matter. Cheers and applause of the people, the awareness that Sherlock had witnessed this kiss, and even the shyness he would usually feel if he kissed another man in the presence of so many people. Kissing Mycroft came as easily as if he had been doing it for years. He did not control his lust, and deepened his kiss, forcing the older man to lean even more. He sucked his lower lip between his lips and let it out after a few seconds, leaving it wet and slightly swollen. He stared at Mycroft's dilated pupils, who blinked quickly and smiled first at him and then at the others. At that moment, John understood what he had just done. He lowered his head and, trying not to blush with all his might, quickly disappeared from the dance floor, looking for a quieter place. Along the way, he grabbed the glass, not checking what was in it, and when the applause died down, he holed up the corner of the room, where he calmed his raging heart. It took a few moments before he realized that Molly stood alone a few feet away. He came to her.
"About the flower, you gave me" he looked up and gave him a sad look. "I left it in the vase."
"I have to tell you what will happen at the end of the week. All influential people will have the occasion to meet at a gala dinner and we're both invited too... unfortunately," said Mycroft sipping black coffee from a miniature cup. John opened his one eye and looked at him without turning his head.
They sat in silence for a moment. John felt Stoner's eyes on him, but he didn't look at him. He really wanted to go back to the hotel and talk to someone friendly. But now he had to survive the tense atmosphere that was between him and Aaron. Despite the cheerful conversations and laughter around, John heard his heart beating and felt the burning eyes of the other man who was sitting opposite, leaning his hands on the table. His eyes stared at John as if he wanted to reach deep into his soul.
For the next few days, the situation on Baker Street did not change and the atmosphere was overwhelming. No other confessions were made. The conversations were limited to the usual, uncomfortable generalities. Sherlock was in no mood to helping his clients, he dismissed them with biting comments, or didn't speak at all, forcing them to leave. He ignored the Molly and inspector's calls. He wandered around the apartment in his pajamas and rarely left the kitchen, where he did pointless experiments, or at least wanted to give the impression that he was busy with something. John was not convinced that these experiences made any sense. His friend didn't seem interested in them at all. He rearranged the test tubes and for hours was staring at the prepared samples under his microscope. He ate little and smoked as never before. Even Mrs. Hudson's reprimands to hold back a little did not help. He gave her a tired look and started smoking again. John was silent. He felt neither ready to point out to him that he was poisoning himself, nor he was sure enough to believe Sherlock would listen to him. He tried to act normal, but it was not an easy task. After what he confessed, it seemed impossible to go back to what was earlier. They both knew about their affection, yet could not take the last step to their happiness. John knew whose fault it was, and although he had been sure he did the right thing, he began to regret his decisions with every passing hour. He lost the opportunity to be with one of the Holmes brothers and lost his happiness, so the only thing he could do was to remain silent and humbly accept what Sherlock was now able to offer him.
"John, what are you talking about?" Sherlock blinked rapidly several times, shifting from foot to foot, giving an expression of panic beginning to take over him. "You talked about how you felt and about love. I thought ...".
John's honest questions made Mycroft straighten up and change his expression. His interest was proof that he was considering the possibility of joining the mission to Sherlock's huge dissatisfaction. Mycroft's younger brother did not even pretend to be interested in participating in his plans. He watched him with a displeased face, and his clenched jaw indicated that he could barely control his body. He wanted to grab John by the hand and lead him out of the building. Mycroft was even happy that Sherlock had not yet managed to tell John about his feelings and refrained from acting, otherwise, his jealousy and protection would put them in an uncomfortable situation. "Our people have been dealing with this issue in detail for several years. They have been able to determine more or less where the center of his organization is and where they keep the most important information." He paused for a moment, remembering how many people had given their lives to this mission so far. "They managed to confirm the four most likely hiding places, but the margin of error was exhausted. We can't let them guess our moves. We have to go out on a limb."
"Sherlock? What are you ..."
In one moment he felt cold sweat on his body. He froze on the spot. His hand gripped the lantern handle painfully. He stared into the woman's wide-open eyes, wondering if what he saw was real. He looked at her body but didn't have time to get a closer look. His face hit the nearby wall. He released the lantern to protect the rest of his body in a desperate gesture. He felt a cold, rough brick on his skin. Blood burst from his right cheek. He would have rubbed it off, but something was pressing the back of his head against the wall. He hissed as the whistle chain jerked abruptly from his neck. Everything was happening too fast. He took a breath to scream when he noticed something gleaming out of the corner of his eye. Immediately, he felt a cold blade against his throat. All determination to fight and face the attacker turned to anticipation for his next move.
The offer made him flinch with excitement. If he had the opportunity to accompany Mr Holmes and learn more, not only about the victim and the murderer but also about him, he could not imagine what would have prompted him to refuse. He looked at Lestrade, who nodded in visible surprise.
"What is romantic about homicide and suicide?" Mycroft was a bit annoyed by the senseless waste of time.
He sent a message. The moment he did it, he realized he shouldn't do it. He didn't even know who this person was or what it was about ... But on the other hand, if it was that important, one of Mycroft's bodyguards, or Franco Coletti, would inform them. John shrugged and put the phone down. He wanted to take a shower, so he headed back to the bedroom. When he opened the door, he involuntarily walked to the bed. The sight of Mycroft made him unable to resist. He grabbed his phone and quietly approached the sleeping man.
"Mr. Watson... Mr. Holmes told me to escort you to the hotel," he said in a thick voice, not even glancing at Aaron. John sighed with relief. He pulled his hand free of Stoner's grip, got up from the chair and walked with the black man to the hotel.
He looked up once more and looked around to find the detective. "Then why did they ignore you?"
Genius was watching him for some time. John saw gratitude in his eyes and some sort of approval. Francesca was delighted. Her glittering eyes were full of admiration.
"Shut up. I know how to satisfy John. I know his body better than you do."
"Ah, so you do know something about flowers." He turned to his friend and smiled.
Stoner smiled.
"And you don't do that?"
"I don't want to grumble, Mycroft. After all, you're an adult guy and you're responsible for your health..."
Breakfast was very tasty as usual. Crunchy bread, fresh fruit, and thinly sliced cured meat satisfied his hunger, increasing from the previous night, which he decided to ignore then. He thought with regret that it was his last breakfast at this place. He doubted if he would have the opportunity to participate in this type of show again. This trip was a one-time contract with Mycroft. John suddenly thought that if Mycroft had offered him a similar offer in the future, he would have agreed to it without hesitation, and not because of the comforts he could expect being Mycroft's partner. He realized that he liked his company, and the necessity of playing the role of a husband was not as tiring or unpleasant as he thought at first.
John didn't have time to ask how Sherlock knew such things when Mycroft reappeared in their apartment. He firmly opened the door and stood in the middle of the room.
"I'll be done in a moment, John. I need a few more minutes to..." Mycroft could not finish his sentence. He watched as John placed his finger on the power button of the laptop with a firm and sophisticated movement. The room went dark once again. John could feel the other man's eyes on him, but he wasn't afraid. He had to admit playing with the Holmes brothers - especially the older one - was very stimulating.
He felt Francesca's delicate and cool hand. Her skinny fingers tightened slightly on his arm. She looked worried and was silent for a moment, so he took her fingers and kissed the back of her hand. He sank back into the chair, smiled and rubbed his tired eyes.
"John, I'm sorry. My behavior was unforgivable," he said in a normal voice.
"You're amazing, you know it, don't you? You're cute, smart and so sensitive. But you don't have to worry about it, darling. I really don't mean to hurt anyone. Absolutely not! This is not about me, you or Sherlock. I only care about the truth, and I don't want Mycroft to suffer. I just ask you to let me know if you see something weird or surprising. I know, you also care about your friends' happiness, and I want to help them achieve it. Does it mean that everything will always be beautiful and colorful? Of course not - but after a bit of bitterness everyone will feel the sweet taste of happiness. It will be a time full of warmth and love ... ". Aaron fell silent and stared at Molly's shiny eyes. She stared at him with dew cheeks.
John ignored his comment when Sherlock - probably unknowingly - compared him to a thing or his property because he knew he was filled with rage and disappointment at the moment. He just clenched his teeth harder and rubbed his eyes.
"It's Mycroft," Sherlock muttered, quickly turning off his phone and putting it in his pocket. "He urges me to write down his number."
"Finalmente! John, you even do not know how much I was wait for you. "
Each step further into the room sent an unpleasant shiver down his spine. He knew what he was going to see in a moment. The image from the night before was still visible in front of his eyes. He walked over to the autopsy table and nodded toward the doctor, who was watching him searchingly through the furrowed brow. He stopped moving because there was something peculiar about him. It wasn't just the sharp, cool gaze of his brown eyes that caught his attention. The pathologist's short stature and a frail figure dressed in a multi-layered suit could not hide the fact that he was in fact... a woman. The impatience on her face and the nervous crossing of hands snapped him out of his silent consternation. He blinked and looked down.
John gritted his teeth and almost rolled his eyes. Mycroft was angry but he tried to control himself. His voice and attitude indicated he had a very difficult time lately. John was grateful Mycroft was still trying to act like a gentleman, and this time he didn't take his frustration out on him. However, John could not stop worrying about his health. He knew Mycroft would certainly ignore his last question, but he had to react.
"I'll pretend I didn't hear that...".
The girl was either too angry or too enchanted because she let him in without a word.
To be honest I have one idea I have been thinking about for some time but I would like to know your opinion. Besides, I don't know if you would like it, which is why I would prefer to know in advance what you prefer to read about. Thank you, guys, for your comments and see you in the next chapter!
His words did not affect John in the way Aaron would have wished. Seeing the indifference mixed with irritation on John's face, Stoner grew serious and looked down at his joined hands. He was pale and had eye bags. His greasy hair stuck to his forehead and around his ears. However, everything else was elegant. His shirt was clean, he had shiny shoes and flawless white teeth. He didn't look like the drunk man from last night.
The rest of the dinner was pleasant. John enjoyed the company and cheerful conversations, but once in a while, he caught Mycroft's gaze. The older man was relaxed and calm, and the chill in his eyes was replaced by a warm spark that glowed until the end of the evening.
"Everything you said was correct. However, you made a mistake in the most important things," Mycroft's calm voice caught their attention. He set the glass down without hurry as if celebrating his brother's little mistake and enjoying his superiority, which he was about to prove in a moment. "The owner is a left-handed animal rights activist," he said indifferently. "She is a far-sighter and she prefers lenses instead of glasses. The barely visible spots on the fur of the cat that you thought are left behind by the children's paint, is actually hair dye. She has a fiancee, she likes cartoon characters, but she doesn't like Venice. She would prefer to move to a larger city. I think she prefers Paris, "he fell silent. He looked at the doctor as if to convince himself that he had made the same impression on him as his brother had just a few moments ago. Sherlock looked at him with narrowed eyes. John and Molly were silent with a slightly open mouth, and the cat constantly asked for attention, standing on two paws and cuddling his head in the girl's chin.
Sherlock stood still and refused to comment. However, the glowing tip and quickly disappearing cigarette assured Mycroft that his words echoed in his curly head.
"You know, I won't miss my chance to mess up with his plans and have some fun at the same time".
"There is a small medical history department here. Students are having classes right now, so no one will disturb us." Holmes also tried to be quiet. Out of respect or a serious atmosphere. It was hard to define.
"I would like the hospital to get more funding and ensure that even patients without health insurance will have the opportunity to get help and care. You are the government, Mycroft, and I am convinced you can do it somehow ..."
"John, please ... I forgot about the very important documents because of this rush. Could you bring them to me? I would be extremely grateful to you..."
Suddenly the belt in Mycroft's trousers landed on the ground and before he knew it, his buttocks were bare. John sank his fingers into the skin he had just exposed and started to remove Mycroft's shirt. Clothes were the biggest obstacle for him, and he wanted to get rid of it as soon as possible. The first two buttons on Mycroft's shirt did not cause him a problem, but the third proved to be a challenge. The button didn't want to squeeze through the narrow hole, and sweaty and trembling fingers didn't make John's task easier. Finally, his patience came to an end, he grabbed the front of the shirt with both hands and prepared to tear it apart. But Mycroft noticed and anticipated his move. He clenched his fingers tightly on John's hands and broke the kiss.
"Should I park around the corner, sir?" The broad-shouldered man in the suit was staring straight ahead, but perfect hearing allowed him to hear the answer from the back of the car, without having to look back.
"John ..."
So that was what it was all about. The atmosphere grew slightly tense, so he took a deep sip of the brandy. "Please forgive me, but what I do with my own life is only my concern. Just like ...", he paused, repeating the next word just as he heard it, "... the relationships I'm establishing".
"Do you make an equal sign between disrespect and pain after loss?" Mycroft asked and raised one eyebrow.
Sherlock looked at him. "I don't have any interesting investigations right now, so I decided to take some rest. Besides, Mrs. Hudson whined, she would like some souvenir from Venice, and you will probably forget to bring her something. I also thought to reserve a gondola to see this historic city," he said, folding his hands behind him and straightening proudly.
A thought flashed through his mind. He didn't know where it came from, but he couldn't get rid of it. He leaned out from behind the case to look the detective straight in the eye. "You know who the murderer is ...".
John had no idea how long they stood in this position, but the situation was starting to get really uncomfortable. Mycroft didn't look like he was going to do anything at all. He just stood there and tried to wait out this difficult moment for both of them.
Mycroft seemed surprised by John's words because he sat motionless for a moment. But after a few seconds, he nodded calmly.
Aaron gave him a captivating smile. He joined him, came closer at a very uncomfortable distance, which forced Sherlock to quickly get up from the sofa. John was unmoved, frowning even more. He could feel the presence of a friend behind his back. Aaron blinked slowly. He focused his eyes on John's mouth, then licked his lower lip with a barely noticeable movement. "I love when my potential partner is so inaccessible."
Holmes sighed theatrically, not looking up from his notes. "I told you already, Mrs Hudson. I won't be having dinner tonight."
"A lonely walk at this time of night isn't a good idea," a calm voice came from inside the carriage.
Mycroft and Sherlock stood in the passage of the dark alley. A shadow covered their faces. If a stranger looked at them right now, they would feel a shiver. The sun hid behind the horizon some time ago, and the dark sky was decorated with twinkling stars. John and Molly relaxed after a long journey one of the narrowest streets in the world and improved their mood by seeing beautiful flowers behind the window. They joined the Holmes brothers. They were ready to wander through the city but Sherlock let them know, they should have followed him. A few feet away there was an abandoned single room that caught the attention of the younger genius a few minutes earlier. They climbed three steps into a small, but tall room, without windows. The front door was also gone, and there was no sign that it would ever be there. The empty walls were smeared only with messy graffiti, smelled musty and damp. The room, space or whatever you could call it, was empty. There wasn't a single thing. The stone, but decorated and old floor was uneven and dirty with some red stains. The faint light coming from the lamp hung outside only added a darker mood.
To say, Sherlock was not happy with his conversation with Stoner was like saying nothing. He carefully analyzed the man's words. He looked annoyed and upset. "Mycroft realizes Mr. Stoner knows about your deal. They both can pretend everything is fine, but my brother is in a problematic situation and I don't envy him. He will have to make very important decisions soon. Stoner is a more dangerous opponent than he thought. Mycroft might have a problem".
"This is just a little show, John. You will be my husband only in the presence of these people, nothing else," he said as if reading his thoughts.
If you were so kind and checked it (this is the summary of "Bloody Ring") - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CB93HPD
Sherlock probably realized he shouldn't talk about it, so he felt silent for a moment. "Don't worry about him, John."
"I appreciate your dedication..." the doctor did not glance at him even once since he appeared, "but I must remind you that I also have other duties in the hospital. My experience as a highly qualified doctor is appreciated not only by your department, so it is difficult for me to be in two places at once ".
"Who would have thought that the powerful Mycroft Holmes would ever be forced to do such things as lies," he said provocatively and smirked. "So what made you turn into a stinging wasp after confronting Aaron, Mycroft? Why you don't like him so much?"
John stopped listening. He was too far away to understand the words. He walked deep into the forest with a slight smile. The area in this part was soaked with fog and dew, which remained on the plants thanks to the tight crowns of trees, separating the grass from sunlight. As he walked down the slope, the lying branches began to crack and break under the pressure of John's shoes. In the distance, he could hear the sound of the river flowing down the hillside. He was several miles away from the nearest villages, but he doubted anyone would risk entering that far into the forest. He felt safe as he wandered slowly through the trees. With real pleasure, he listened to the singing of birds and the noise of the wind that torn leaves. He collected branches and tied them with a rope. A long time passed when he realized that he should return to the camp. He ventured too far down the slope, and the way back would probably take him more time anyway. He hoped his field orientation was still good and he would have no trouble finding the camp. Before he started back, he stopped, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath of fresh air.
"How the hell do you know that?" John put the glass back on the armrest and stared at his friend with undisguised admiration. "How did you deduce it?".
He finally stood in front of the big room. It was separated from the hall only by glass doors that suppressed all noises and conversations. The glass was bulletproof, John was more than sure, and it was cleaned with stunning accuracy. No streaks or cracks. Ministers, advisors, and politicians sat on the other side of the door. They were talking at a long table filled with piles of documents. Mycroft was facing the lobby so it wasn't long before he noticed John. The doctor saw he was tense and irritated by the protracted negotiations. When Mycroft saw his fake husband he tensed even more and looked at him sharply. John crossed his arms, then pointed at himself and the floor above. He wanted to tell Mycroft that he was fed up with pointless waiting for nothing and was about to return to the apartment, and more specifically to their bedroom. The older man clenched his teeth and narrowed his eyes slightly as if threatening him. John pulled a phone out of his pocket and pushed it against the glass. Meaning - Tell me to stay. He wanted to make Mycroft react. React in any way. He wanted to see if Mycroft would behave differently than usual. If he could do something against himself.
"I like your reaction," Holmes watched him with a playful
At this point, the waiter placed two plates full of seafood in front of them. Sherlock looked at the dishes hesitantly. When he looked up at John, he didn't look like he was saying 'I told you so', but he was waiting for his deduction and explanation of the reasons why the couple in love caught his attention. Sherlock didn't turn around again but started to look at food.
John bowed to them one last time and quietly walked toward the cafeteria, separated from the lobby by the hall and reception. He felt Stoner's hot gaze on his back until he disappeared behind the wall. It was only now that he took a deep breath and sat down in a high chair by the bar. The man behind the counter smiled as he wiped one of the glasses and placed it in front of John.
Aaron's wet hand gripped John's more and more and pulled him into narrower streets. Sometimes his movements were so sudden, causing John to lose his balance. The man looked as if he was looking for an escape or was being followed. He looked back. John saw no anxiety on his face, but strange excitement and something like ... pleasure? At one point, John had had enough. He pulled his arm free and sighed loudly, crossing his arms.
"What do you mean?". Mycroft took a sip of strong wine and looked at his brother. Later his eyes fell on equally surprised John who was holding a glass in his hand. He realized what surprised Sherlock so much. "Are you so surprised that John is used to elegant behavior?" he asked and made John look at his hand and the way he held the glass and how he sat. "He learned a lot in these two weeks," he added with a slight pride in his voice.
"Sherlock, I'm leaving. I won't be here for two weeks. Please, don't upset Mrs. Hudson..." John fell silent but did not receive a response from his friend. He dressed his jacket and opened the door. "I hope when I come back you will stop sulking ..."
"Maybe some got hungry and came here to find food? Fuck knows ..."
"Then I wonder how you will explain it to him ..."
John rolled his eyes. He looked at the other man who, without taking his eyes off him, tried to take off his shirt. He succeeded a moment later and returned to John's arms with a satisfied smile. In fact, he wanted to get back into his arms, but he jumped out of bed and went to the bathroom. He came back and brought some cream with him. He put it next to John. He knelt on the bed and pulled off John's trousers and underwear. He put the cream on his fingers and lay between John's open thighs. Then he kissed him. John was trembling as Mycroft caressed his lips with his tongue and spread the cream with his free hand around the sensitive area.
Sherlock's mind was clear and fast. It was his moment. He was thinking about something very important. John was happy about it because he missed it over the past week, so he gladly joined Sherlock. They were going to the lobby.
"All right, Mrs. Hudson. I won't forget", standing in the hall near the front door, John cast a glance toward the stairs.
"Tell me, Watson. What is with these ..." Lestrade asked, pointing his finger at the space between his nose and upper lip. "You've never had worn a moustache before."
Meanwhile, Sherlock took a cup from the table next to him. He blew it and shook it to get rid of the dust, then poured cold tea from a porcelain jug. He heard his landlady put something in the fridge and throw the damaged things in the trash. He didn't care about the current situation because he had more interesting things to do. He did not listen to the complaints of Mrs. Hudson, who continued to rebuke him.
"Nor see things from a different perspective" Mycroft did not wait for a reply. "You have always been a priority for me, but I got lost somewhere along the way. It seems like even I could not avoid that error. Human error, as you usually call it."
He straightened up in his chair, sighed quietly, but took the plate from John's hand. "Thank you". The plate was cold, as was the slice of pizza, but the place John was holding between his fingers burned with fire. Of course, in Mycroft's opinion. He told himself that these were hallucinations caused by alcohol. He avoided the doctor's eyes. The pizza was cold on the sides, yet crispy. He didn't mind that he had filled his stomach with something other than alcohol. All this time he was not aware of Sherlock's eyesight, who stopped paying attention to Molly and focused completely on him.
Mycroft smiled back.
"I'm sorry, John. I had more things to do than I thought I would have," he said. "This is Aaron Stoner. New Zealand's Minister of Internal Affairs. Mr. Stoner, this is..."
His eyes widened slightly. This day surprised him more and more. But he felt irritated because, as usual, the others seemed to be better informed than he was. He gritted his teeth as he waited for the stranger's next words. After a long silence, he finally approached the carriage, resting his hand on the carved elements of the door.
"Buona sera, signori," he said in Italian. John loved the language and couldn't help smiling back. He stared at the handsome man, meanwhile, Mycroft entered the gondola and turned to John, offering him a hand. John blinked and took his delicate hand. He felt a shiver when he remembered that the same hand was caressing and touching him in the most private places. Mycroft probably knew his thoughts because he quickly brushed John's fingers with his mouth, released his hand, and took sit. John was not very comfortable so he sat down opposite Mycroft and facing the man at the stern. He wanted to force the genius not to stare at him so intensely.
John, still staring at Sherlock, kissed the inside of his thighs right next to his groin and then the base of his penis. He heard a loud groan.
The three of them moved deeper into the hotel. John had never been in this part before. After making sure that the first two floors did not have the apartment they were looking for, they climbed the top floor. The apartments were separated by a wide corridor. They saw breathtaking sculptures, giant flower pots, and a long red carpet. At the end of the corridor in the back of the building was another elegant restaurant, or maybe it was like a restroom, John wasn't sure. He saw several men and two women talking at a small table. He stared at Sherlock, who looked back at him. Stoner's room was at the very end of the corridor, right next to the restaurant. They had no chance to get inside unnoticed.
He raised an eyebrow at the sudden question. "I decided to change something. Do you think this look does not suit me?" he asked as he followed his friend.
"In that case...", he continued, walking more slowly next to the detective, "who is he to you?"
"Go and return Mycroft a wedding ring," Sherlock interrupted him, nodding at the gold object at his friend's finger.
"So, you do agree?" he asked, trying to hide his smile.
"Relax, Mrs. Hudson. All you need is a few drops of Dettol and a few minutes with a vacuum cleaner and the salon will be clean. Anyway cleaner than in recent weeks." He brushed the purple residue off his armchair and settled back comfortably.
"What do you mean?" he asked genuinely surprised and interested.
Molly looked at him in surprise.
The coming sunrise brought a change of weather. Black clouds started to disappear beyond the horizon, and bangs and flares disappeared completely. The wind died down, but it was still strong enough to make small ships and cutters swing on the water. The car rushed on a wet road towards the south-eastern part of the city. After a few minutes, they arrived at the designated place. The driver took out their luggage and led them to the ordered motorboat.
"And not only that," Holmes added in a voice like a hiss from behind clenched teeth. "He remembered many significant details that others would not have noticed. He also kept a cool head", he was leaning over the body, holding the magnifying glass in his hands. "He probably damaged his arm as well. It'll help identify him."
John covered the door with his body, crossing his arms. He managed to keep still when the older genius approached him and put his hand on the doorknob. Their eyes met for a long time. They stared at each other for several seconds without speaking.
The man was silent for a few seconds longer than necessary.
But John immediately realized what he intended. "No, Sherlock. No seafood and other expensive things you won't eat anyway," he said with a raised finger. He tried to remain serious, but all the time he felt the amusement and strong wine he had at Coletti's.
John rarely had the opportunity to see him in this condition, so he looked at the thirsty genius with undisguised interest and a little amusement. After all, Mycroft was not only a connoisseur of wine, but he was also very knowledgeable about other stronger alcohols. At the moment, he was far from staggering or babbling. Despite this, his red cheeks, slightly shiny eyes and slow-motion seemed to the doctor not only funny but even charming. John sat across Mycroft and crossed his legs.
The man put his hand up. Until he sighed in excitement. He wiped his mouth and chin. "Honorable sir ... I will go to church, lie down, and I will thank you for your good, and I will pray for you" with an elegant gesture, he bowed to John to the very ground, simultaneously waving his flat cap in front of him. This time he was unable to control his body. He stumbled and fell to his knees, but not a single coin dropped from his clenched fist. He pulled himself together with John's help. He dusted off his trousers, put a worn cap over his head, and thanked John a few more times, finally melted into the darkness of the passage that separated the tall buildings.
Everything was ready. Sherlock sat back comfortably, straightened his legs, which he crossed at the ankles, and rested his head on connected fingers. He closed his eyes and plunged into his palace. Thoughts went straight to his favorite and largest room, which John occupied. The minutes passed slowly, but Sherlock didn't notice. He sat focused and thoughtful, rummaging through memories. During all these years there have been countless memories. Most often it was memories of their daily lives. Common meals, time spent talking or in complete silence. There were memories of criminal matters, trips and idle sitting in the living room, during which John dealt with reading the book, completely unaware that he was being watched by his friend. There were happy and funny memories, but also sad ones. Sherlock preferred not to touch the latter, although he realized that they were no less important than the other moments that he experienced with John and which connected them and made their relationship deeper. He returned to them many times when his relationship with John did not progress. He wondered where he had made a mistake and how he could avoid similar ones in the future. He did not want to be ideal, but he wanted to be a man John would be proud of and with whom he would like to have his future. Not only as a friend.
John walked around him, put hands on his shoulders, and took him firmly to the bedroom. "Lie down and sleep," he said, walking around the bed and pointing at the free half. He took his part of the mattress and turned off the light. He didn't look back at Mycroft. He didn't know what the older man would do. Mycroft had to be shocked because he did not move for a while and made no sound. It wasn't until after a few minutes that the mattress on the other side gently buckled under the weight of an older man. John smiled lightly and wondered how Sherlock would react if he found out that his best friend kissed and slept in one bed with his brother in one day.
Following Sherlock's order, they headed to the northeast of the city. They sailed along the main channel, passing smaller boats, gondolas, and motorboats full of tourists along the way. The water carried the noise of the engines, the motorboat floated on small waves, and the wind pleasantly pulled their hair. The sun was going more and more towards the west, which made the sky radiate warm colors of orange, pink and red. It was wonderful. This was not even diminished by the fact that the part of the city they were heading to was not very representative. The buildings were not so elegant and decorated. In some places, a high wall separated them from the water. There were slightly rusty boats and low construction cranes by the shore. The motorboat passed the gardens known as 'Giardini della Biennale' and headed north. After a few minutes they approached the shore, and on the left, they saw the roof of the Basilica of Santi Giovanni e Paolo hovering over the buildings. After another few minutes, they finally entered one of the narrower canals, which was divided into two branches. The motorboat captain knew the area very well, so he was aware that he couldn't go any further. He swam ashore. They got out of the boat onto the shore and headed deep into the city.
Despite the difference that existed between neighbouring districts, one thing has not changed. The overwhelming silence. The only sounds were the crunch of stones under his boots and his rapid breathing. The fog made him lose hope of catching the murderer. He listened to the sounds more and more until his charge turned to a slow jog. Eventually, he stopped in place. He was looking around, but everything looked the same. The multi-story buildings were half-covered with a wave of thinning fog. Somewhere in the distance, he could hear laughter coming from pubs and singing people who had no idea that a real drama was happening right under their noses. The peace around him gave him a chance to fix his clothes. He was buttoning his trousers when he heard the soft clatter of hooves heading towards him and increasing with each passing moment. He looked back.
"You should answer, John. He may be offended otherwise," Mycroft said cheerfully, which caught the other man's attention. John looked at him and leaned his back against the balustrade.
"Where is this conversation going to?" he asked, trying to hide his growing irritation. "I'm trying to keep up and make sense of it, but I'm too sober for that." He lifted the empty glass and shook it slightly.
After these words, John closed the bedroom door.
Mycroft never bragged about his resolutions and how hard he trained, trying to get rid of excess weight, he had in childhood. At the moment, he congratulated himself in his mind for all this, because to Aaron's great surprise and probably a disappointment, he didn't gasp like a man who had run a marathon, nor did he sweat so much. He was a bit tired but tried his best not to show it. He walked proudly with his head raised. They reached the top floor of the building, walked through the elegant hall and passed several apartments until they finally reached their destination. Aaron put the key in the door and stepped inside, leaving it open. Meanwhile, Mycroft looked at the two bodyguards occupying both sides of the door.
"He is as difficult to deal with as you. And he is more stubborn. Sometimes I wonder how he manages to keep his relationship right so other people are not offended by his indifference and contempt."
"I have my reasons, John."
John didn't quite know what was going on. He looked around. He saw Lucy, who was leaning back against the rock and with her eyes closed trying to control her breathing. Arian was squatting next to her. John turned to his friend and realized what he was talking about. He smiled and snorted softly as he released his hand, which he kept tightly clenched in his hand all the time. Sherlock did not hide his amusement. The slight wrinkles around his eyes never disappeared from his face. John's entertainment ceased as he realized that he had released Sherlock's hand at the last moment because Sebastian and Josh were already reaching the rock. They also seemed tired of this sprint, although Josh was the most exhausted one. Moran was doing great. He breathed only a few times and slowly looked at the group. Then he focused his eyes on the doctor. He stared at him long and insistently. To the point that John was about to admonish him, using his sarcasm, but ultimately he didn't have to.
. He wondered how his friend did it. He always could choose the right moment, which was starting to frighten John. Sherlock had to be extremely enraged because instead of writing, he called. He called his brother. And he hated doing it. John gave Mycroft one last look and walked toward the bedroom.
"Francesca values your company," Sherlock said when he joined his friend. They walked slowly to the souvenir stands, enjoying their company.
John held her foot. He grabbed the thin heel with his free hand and broke it with a quick, determined movement. He did the same with the other shoe. He threw both heels to the water. He turned to Sherlock but did not notice the smile on his face because of the darkness. A moment later they went ahead again. Danieli Hotel was really close. All they had to do was cross the narrow channel separating them from one of several extra doors. They climbed on the gondola standing by the shore, not without problems because Molly almost lost her balance, but John's strong hand saved her from falling from a shaky boat into the water. They entered the hotel through the side door and breathed a sigh of relief. Only Sherlock looked around carefully.
Francesca did not hide her amusement. "I have, but I won't tell you who he is, because I don't want to jinx it."
"I'm grateful to you for that," he smiled and went back to looking at the furniture. "I would certainly look weird in a dress. I doubt if even in Whitechapel anyone would be willing to accept my services." The sun's rays falling through the window illuminated the inside of the drawer. There was a small shiny object at the bottom. He took it in his hand to look at it closely. In an instant, an invisible giant squeezed his stomach, causing violent pain. He felt weak and sick. A police whistle flashed in his trembling hand, and a broken chain was still stained with clotted blood. He slowly turned his head. Cold sweat immediately poured over his body. Holmes's pale eyes stared at him with an ominous aura, and the so-far cheeky expression was now replaced by a dark, diabolical smile.
Silence. John thought he heard the rustle of the armchair. He could see his friend nervously adjusting his position in the armchair. He also imagined Mycroft's sour expression. The older genius allowed himself to look like that only in the company of his brother, and only when Sherlock made a nasty comment about him.
"I don't know," he shook his head. "And that's what this is about, right?" he asked, looking at Mycroft for a second. "That's how they describe it in these funny guides and books for single women seeking love. That people in this situation don't know what they are doing. That they lose their mind completely. They are lost in thoughts, irritated by their weaknesses and shortcomings, although they have not experienced this before. At least not to the extent. " At that moment, the wine he was sipping seemed oddly sour. Instead of putting down his glass, he reached for the bottle and poured himself some alcohol. "Interesting feeling" he added when he returned to the previous position. "I wish we had tried it earlier."
Sherlock gave her a meaningful look, while John's face still showed complete confusion. He absolutely did not understand the friend's satisfaction or the slight sadness and amazement in Molly's eyes, who was looking at the cookie lying in front of her. The three silently enjoyed the small and definitely too expensive portion of the drink. Two teas and one coffee disappeared from the cups very quickly.
John felt he was starting to fall asleep. Before he did it, he realized, Mycroft wiped him dry, covered him with a light blanket, and lay down next to him. Lying on his back, he could see the ornate ceiling that flared up as lightning outside the window lit up the surroundings. A few seconds later, he heard a dark bang and then saw another flash. He closed his eyes and fell asleep.
"A lot has happened since we came here, John".
Dear Lord... Sherlock had enough of this official tone already. The meeting hadn't started yet, and he was already bored. He managed to learn the most important information from Mycroft, so he was going to use the nearest minutes to deduce other people. He started with the least interested man. He immediately knew that he was there against his will and would take advantage of the first better opportunity to give up and return to his life. So he was not someone to pay more attention to. Right next to him sat an IT specialist, electrician, mechanic, and handyman in one. If John knew what he deduced, he would surely describe the man in one word - MacGyver. Sherlock was convinced that he could handle any situation. He was not sure about his involvement though.
"What was that Anderson?" someone asked in a muffled voice on the other side.
"Ouch!" Aaron did not hide his amusement. "Harsh words, but you are probably right. I doubt we would be able to do something. But that doesn't change the fact that your decision doesn't look good in the papers." Aaron sat down in the armchair. "Let's get back to the matter now. As I said, this CD has everything you would prefer to stay sealed. And I swear it's the only CD I have, so don't worry."
Sherlock raised one eyebrow and, although he tried hard not to smile, he raised a corner of his mouth and spread his arms. "Prove it," he said, waiting for John's reaction.
"How do you know Lestrade?" Holmes asked, breaking the silence.
John was sitting at one of the tables in the hotel restaurant. He was holding a glass of whiskey in his hands and was rubbing his tired eyes. He was looking at the shimmering floor and glowing crystal glasses on the tables. It was past midnight and he was like Cinderella. He came back from the ball and despaired of his miserable life. Well, not life but day. The last several hours were worse than he could have expected. A very stressful morning, Sherlock in their bedroom, and then his strange behavior, and Aaron. It all had a bad effect on him. So when he returned to the hotel and took a shower, he just waited for Mycroft to fall asleep and immediately decided to go to the bar. He had to relax. When Harry was nervous she said her best friend was a glass of strong vodka. Or six. Or ten. Whatever it was, John just decided to have a drink.
John waited a moment, then finally got out of bed with a small smile, passed Mycroft and stood in front of the bathroom door. "Give me ten minutes."
Molly just stared at him in reproach. "No. I spent the night with Aaron ... he wanted to thank me ..." she added full of anger at her own naivety. "Sherlock returned to the room a few hours later. I thought everything would work out, but Aaron didn't answer my calls and he avoided me since then. I didn't know what was going on, but then Sherlock started to behave so strangely ... I was sad, John and I didn't want to be alone. I used Sherlock's kindness, and now he doesn't speak to me. I don't know what to do anymore ... "she said covering her face.
Mycroft tried to maintain eye contact, he really tried. But the words of his brother were like a knife in the heart. He was even afraid to think about what feelings prevailed in Sherlock's heart. How could he answer his questions? Sherlock was the only person in his life so important to him. He loved him with all his heart. He promised he would be the only person he would care for. And now he hurt him in such a primitive and surprising way for both of them ...
Sherlock opened his eyes slightly. He saw his landlady sitting happily in John's chair. She had to talk to him for some time, though he wasn't going to make an effort to look at his watch. He was a bit annoyed that she interrupted his thoughts about John, but what else could he expect? Mrs. Hudson always had a great sense of time and appeared when he wanted to be alone. He sighed softly and closed his eyes again.
Sherlock felt John tense his body. Nobody said anything for a long time. The numbers shocked them, and the knowledge that they had to make their decisions so quickly was overwhelming. Sherlock was expecting a hard task, but he didn't think the task would be so difficult, and what's more, that Mycroft would be so desperate to let him and John join the group. He liked adrenaline and liked to provide it to John because he knew he was addicted to it. He hoped, however, that the worst and most dangerous cases were either behind them or he had time to prepare for them. He hoped that he would be able to use the following months to get closer to John. He did not want to delay his plan and resolutions, especially since the task they were facing was so dangerous. Sherlock didn't know how he would survive the next few months if John decided to participate in the mission. He heard a slightly hoarse voice of a friend who once again broke the silence in the room.
"John ..." Sherlock was panting lauder. He was completely flushed and his hair was starting to stick to his sweaty forehead.
"Of course, John. I will agree to everything if it is within my reach of course ..."
John was drinking his tea at a low table in the living room. He looked at Mycroft, who was working on a laptop by the window. It was late, and yet, the older man did not look like he was going to sleep.
"Oh, sorry. I was confused by that moustache." Smiling, he took a small watch from his pocket and thought for a moment. "Come on, Watson. We've got a killer to catch."
"Really?" Sherlock asked when he managed free his hand from Stoner's firm grip. He was surprised and a little amused. "It's weird, I didn't think he might be able to keep his connection longer than he really needs to. Mycroft usually avoids people he doesn't need anymore."
"He has proof, we pretend this marriage from the very beginning. I saw his smirk and I'm sure he is up to something. He didn't tell me anything specific, but he made it clear, he has a plan. But what bothers me the most is your attitude. You pretend there is no problem, although you know very well if something will happen... "
He took a deep breath. "I think I know ... what you're talking about."
He was about to say goodbye to Dr Hooper and follow the detective's footsteps when the sight of her face stopped him. The longing had appeared in the hardened and belligerent eyes. Desire. The fragility of gaze, an irregular wave of eyebrows. Bitten lip. He was familiar with this view, and he knew what it meant and what feelings and emotions were behind it. He understood what was causing the hostility and stubbornness in Dr Hooper's earlier behaviour. A wave of compassion flooded his heart. The hopelessness of the situation she found herself in must have been hard for her to bear.
"Because Mrs. Hudson will have more interesting things to do than cooking eggs and making tea this evening."
"I didn't mean to force you to come," the older man added finally. John just smiled under his breath, squeezing his hand more tightly.
"Can we talk about this later when we all calm down?"
John nodded in understanding. He didn't know what Mycroft meant, but he didn't want to ask. When he was about to wish him good luck and leave him alone, he felt Mycroft's gaze on him.
He looked around the living room. He wasn't sure it was the day, but he still didn't want to lose that opportunity. And since it was likely that he would tell John everything on that day, he should be prepared and should prepare John too. That's why he decided to follow Mrs. Hudson's advice and clean up - at least a bit - the mess he made in their flat. When he was looking for some clothes and cleaning products, he thought about the reason why John wasn't in the best mood that day, but he couldn't find a satisfying explanation. The last days were not stressful or tiring, because the cases they dealt with did not require much effort. Nobody visited them. Except for one journalist who insisted on an intimate interview and tried to enter their apartment at all costs. But no. It was unlikely. Maybe John just had a bad day. Sherlock had no intention of thinking about it any longer because his patience was running low. He found neither a vacuum cleaner nor cleaning products, and senseless walking around the flat began to irritate him. Finally, Mrs. Hudson took pity on him and helped him clean the living room, warning him ain advance that she was not even going to enter the kitchen. Therefore, when she returned to her apartment, Sherlock closed the door separating the living room and kitchen and began checking something on his phone while sipping hot tea. He was waiting for John's return.
"Is Sherlock in danger?"
"We can go anytime," he said. "But why exactly ...".
"Sherlock, listen ..."
"Seriously, Mycroft? I know you love to have control over everything, but even your inquisitiveness should have its limits," Sherlock said with irritation in his voice.
"Mycroft, we agreed to work together, but I won't let you lock me in the room. I won't wait for your orders. If you want this whole thing to be successful, you must tell me about your plans and let me know everything."
Aaron Stoner. A mysterious man. For some unknown reason, he caused shivers and unpleasant thoughts. John didn't trust him from the beginning, though Aaron didn't do anything inappropriate to him. On the contrary. He was smiling at John, he was friendly and never made an uncomfortable or unpleasant comment. But John didn't like him much. He knew that somewhere inside, Aaron was hiding his true face.
"You need to find a normal partner, Molly," Sherlock said casually as he took a small porcelain cup in his hand.
The meeting leader breathed a sigh of relief. "Excellent. So Dr. John Watson and Mr. Sebastian Moran are already in the team ..."
"When you offered John this ridiculous deal, I was afraid you would have too much negative influence on him," he said, drawing the attention of his brother who had deliberately avoided his eyes. "But as I see, I was worried unnecessarily, because it's completely the opposite." He set the glass to his lips, which were widened in a smile. "Congratulations, John," he said with sincere amusement and a nod. "I have not seen Mycroft in such an informal appearance for a long time." He looked at him closely. "Such relaxed" he added after a moment of reflection.
Mycroft didn't know how he could describe the feeling when his brother's angry voice woke him up. Of course, he was surprised and started to panic silently, because he would never have expected, Sherlock would find him in such an unequivocal situation, even though he already had information, his younger brother planned to take matters into his own hands. Mycroft was shocked, he was sure his relationship with his brother would get even more complicated. He slowly sat down on the bed and secretly pulled the sheets on his bare chest. His discreet gesture made Sherlock even more irritated.
"You won't run away this time," Moran shouted at John, who was walking away and disappearing between the trees. "I have two months to prove to you that you do not belong to anyone but me. And even more, you do not belong to this arrogant Holmes!"
"It's dark ..." the genius said, trying to control his breath, "but the sun will start rising soon," he nodded towards the glow. "People will start talking," he added, looking into his eyes.
"That was the plan," her voice was so soft that John and Francesca had to strain their ears.
"What are you waiting for?" John murmured with a thick voice. He didn't understand why Mycroft did nothing. From the very beginning of their agreement, John had already expected this possibility. He knew that there would come a time when they would have to prove their feelings to others. The kiss was not unusual for him - if he could say that when he was about to kiss a man like Mycroft.
"Not really," he cleared his throat, confused by how his voice sounded right now.
"No. They're not Stoner or Mycroft's people. Someone's just caught someone's eye."
"Watson?"
John looked up. He had long thought that Mycroft had complexes. That despite the knowledge and ability he still compared himself with his younger brother and that the result of these comparisons rarely indicated him as the winner. He also knew what he was doing at the moment and what his purpose was. "No," he said briefly and quickly, but truthfully. "I have never treated you as his substitute. I never thought I'd prefer him in your place. It is true that thanks to you I opened myself to the feelings that I fought for so many years. I am and I will always be grateful for that." He wanted to be sure that the words would reach Mycroft's wise but sometimes too proud head. He stared at him sharply. He also changed the way of speaking to less helpless and less embarrassed. "Sherlock ..." he said and sighed immediately. "He has always been important to me, but I was afraid to admit it loudly. I didn't think that someone like him could return my feelings so when you offered me this arrangement I thought I had the only opportunity to be with one of you two and at least pretend that we have something more in common. I wanted to be with Sherlock, but in Venice, it never crossed my mind that I regret every day when I saw your face instead of his eyes. " He got up from the desk, and when he stood upright in front of a genius, he looked at his bright eyes. "I didn't come here to make sure of my feelings but I wanted to thank you honestly. From the very beginning of our feigned marriage, I came to the conclusion that I really like your company. I was really happy with you. Thanks to you I understood that I could be honest with Sherlock and myself. " He wanted to cross his arms over his chest but decided that Mycroft might misinterpret this gesture. "You helped me. I will never forget it." He said finally.
"John, listen. I tried to avoid this issue because I thought that telling you this would only destroy the relationship between us, which by the way is not the best from the beginning. I mean, it was me who took you here and it was me who told you to pretend to be my spouse, so it seemed obvious to me that I would be responsible for you. If you have any problems, something bothers you or you just want to talk ... then you can rely on me. I'm not a man with a great hole instead of a heart. I understand what responsibility and empathy mean. "
"How so? You played with cameras, sent a car and told me to get in..."
"Are you serious?" John asked sincerely surprised and irritated by Mycroft's theatrical ignorance. "You usually know the whole schedule of his day, from the moment he wakes up to the moment he goes to bed. You have your spies everywhere. They probably report you every time when he sneezes. And now you ask me what's happening?" He rubbed his eyes, then clenched his hands in a nervous tick. "He sits in his armchair, doesn't speak and thinks all the time. He murmurs something under his breath. He doesn't answer my questions. He ignores phone calls and everyone around."
"Next door, sir," he said, pointing to the door on the left side of the hall.
"I just need something light. Besides, I don't have too much money on me, and I'm not going to charge Mycroft with extra costs," he said, sipping water.
expression. The belt in the golden bathrobe was barely hanging on his hips. Water droplets ran down his body, forming a puddle on the floor. "I didn't mean to make you blush," he walked toward the other room, still wiping his wet hair. After a few steps, he paused and turned, a seductively raised corner of his mouth. "Not yet".
"John ... the situation we are in has overwhelmed us a bit. Something unexpected happened between us, which surprised both me and you." He paused for a moment, making sure that John was following him. "Of course, you know that just after you decided to live with my brother, I thoroughly analyzed your past," he continued. "Your strict father had a great influence on you," he concluded, seeing John's expression that he surprised him, leaving him without a word. He scratched his fingernail over the desk. "He stifled feelings that as a young man you did not yet understand. You had no support in anyone. Even in a sister who was in a similar situation. Seeing what happened to her and how she was treated, you closed yourself to others and walked the way your father showed you". He looked up at the silent doctor. He listened attentively, but it was evident that the words hit a sensitive subject. He opened the wounds and memories that John so diligently tried to forget about.
It wasn't like he enjoyed upset Mycroft. He just wanted to show that he would not let him treat him that way. He didn't want to be like some object that Mycroft could show off to others. He was supposed to pretend to be a loving husband, but that doesn't mean he would lose his character. John wanted to make Mycroft show his other face than what he presented to his surroundings. He wanted to get him up of a comfortable chair, ignore the prying eyes and leave the room. He was convinced Mycroft had such authority he did not have to ask anyone for permission. He wanted to mess up his plans, just like an older man did. However, nothing like that happened. Mycroft continued to sit with a murderous look on his face. He didn't even mind the mocking smile of Stoner, who was watching their confrontation. John gave up. He put the phone in his pocket and went up the stairs to the apartment.
"Have you thought about my request, honey?" he asked in a whisper, nudging her ear with his nose. He knew she would agree with whatever he asked. He was already tired of this pretend perfect-man, so he decided to focus on his goal and end this date. He was surprised when Molly froze instead of giving him an answer. He slowly moved away from her to look at her face. He wanted to understand the reason for her sudden silence.
"Oh, I understand. Unfortunately, new guests have access to the rooms only at nine in the morning. If you wish to wait, I suggest you have a meal in our restaurant. Our chef ..."
"How do you know...". There was a surprise on Sebastian's face that changed into understanding in a split second. "Oh, so it was about him. About Sholto."
"Sherlock!" John did not hide his anger with his directness.
A gold ring appeared to the doctor's eyes. It was exactly like the ring on Mycroft's finger. It was only now that he understood what he was really getting into. He was supposed to pretend to be Mycroft's husband. The husband of the most powerful and mysterious guy he knew. His heart beat faster. He looked at the older man who was staring at him with the box in his hand.
I will update this story every 6-7 days now because each chapter has over 8,000 words and I need more time to translate it. Thank you for your support and comments, guys!
"I don't blame him for the world's woes, but mine! From the very beginning, he is like a plague to me, an unwanted shadow that follows me even at night ..." younger Holmes was even angrier. He was angry at both Mycroft and John. At his friend, because he was defending Mycroft all the time.
Perhaps, otherwise, he would have fought with him as an equal. He knew he wouldn't be in a lost position. He would face the danger in his way, and even if he had to die he would look at his attacker without fear. He would have done so if he hadn't heard the murderer's increasingly heavier breathing.
"I'm terrified," he answered without hesitating. The glass in his hand became strangely warm, which did not stop him from enjoying the tart taste of wine. "But as you said, what happens in Venice stays in Venice." The smile on his face became less and less visible. All because he once again looked at his brother's best friend. For the reason that the last two weeks had been an emotional roller coaster for him. "If it was only that easy." His soft voice caught Sherlock's attention. He wasn't going to show that he was going through a mood swirl that he couldn't understand at the moment. He smiled quickly, raised his glass, and touched it against the bottom of Sherlock's glass. "To our water castles". He didn't get the answer. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the consternation on his brother's face, but he pretended that everything was all right. "It means that our plans have little chance of success."
The man put down the bottle, put his hands on his hips and looked at Sherlock and John.
The interior reminded John of what he saw at the Danieli Hotel. It had different colors though and a more modern style. The marble floor sparkled with lights flickering around. The hotel staff greeted everyone with a smile and a small bow. Mycroft pulled John forward. Behind the great stairs was a hall with a purple carpet. There was a glass door at the very end of the corridor. John saw the flashing lights and heard muted elegant music. When they came through the glass door, they saw a huge banquet hall. Black, shiny carpet covered half of the room. The tables and chairs were set up in front of the dance floor. People gathered in larger and smaller groups, occupying almost every free space. They talked to each other, laughed and discussed important and less important matters. John has never seen such elegant people. He almost had to squint when he was looking at women's jewelry. He looked around and noticed there was no person who did not hold a glass of champagne or a stronger drink.
He surprised him. He was looking down at the detective's bright eyes, and some invisible force forced him to kneel beside him. He did so, feeling his gaze on him and seeing his invisible smile. His arm brushed Holmes's black cloak. He tried to contain the strange shudder caused by that first contact. He had never thought his body could react in such a way in the presence of another human he had just met. Ignoring the intensity of the detective's gaze, he focused his attention on the victim.
Seeing his confused expression, Holmes handed him his magnifying glass. "Look at the cuts on her neck."
He heard Lestrade's soft grunt.
"Strange place for a late-night tryst," he said, looking around the corridor.
Sherlock's mysteriousness made John feel insecure, but he was also excited. Of course, he missed his friend and his weird ideas, but he would have been lying if he said he was bored when he was with Mycroft. When he thought he would have the opportunity to spend the remaining days with the two Holmes brothers, he felt a strange excitement.
"I guess I'll buy these," John pointed at some flowers.
Mycroft stood beside the armchair. His chest rose quickly and irregularly. His cheeks were red and his clothes were completely disheveled. The jacket was in place, but the two buttons on the vest were already open. The hem of his shirt was sticking out of his elegant trousers. And his penis was trying to break through the material between his legs.
"How? He stares at you when you don't look at him. He looks like a starving mongrel. John, we've known each other for several weeks and I'll tell you one thing. If my friend looked at me the way he stares at you I would have two choices. Either hit him in the teeth or grab him by his collar and kiss him. You could finally decide on something too because the very sight of his face and indecision is getting on my nerves."
Mycroft let out an uncontrollable moan. John aggressively sucked his lips and held him in a tight embrace, crushing him with his weight. Hot breath made his face sweat. He felt that delicate scent again. He felt a hand that caressed his neck. At that moment John bit Mycroft's lip. The man jerked and made a surprised sound. John licked the blood that leaked from a small wound on the lower lip of the older man, then turned around and laid on his part of the bed and covered himself with bedding. He could hear Mycroft's loud breaths behind him.
Time passed slowly. The sun was starting to break into the bedroom, and the wind was moving the curtains. He stood still, though he had no idea what time it was and how long it would last. He stood there until he noticed his friend's breathing had deepened and his eyelids started to tremble. He held his breath again. This was the moment when he had to face his biggest fears. The most uncomfortable and stressful moment in his life ...
"Can anything be more boring?" he asked, rolling his eyes.
He was afraid to look at the closed door. He knew he would be forced to enter, but he had to admit he did not know what to expect. With lead-heavy legs and a soul on his shoulder, he finally walked to the white door with gold decorations. He tried to control his reactions. He put his hand on the door handle and opened the door very quietly. He saw a large bed and clothes scattered on the floor. But it was only when he focused his eyes on two sleeping people that he felt his heart beat faster. Two bodies lay motionless between crumpled satin sheets.
Yes. There was something else, but he realized how strange it would sound. He wondered if this information would contribute anything to the investigation. "He smelled like poppy seeds."
"Beautiful entertainment. If this is what your evenings look like, then I will have to give my people new orders," Mycroft turned and left the cool building. They followed him.
When they entered the room, the last thing he was about to do was admiring the living room. He only noticed orange rays of sunlight coming into the room through the window. The receptionist left them alone, wishing them a nice rest. When the woman enjoyed the elegant decor, he threw everything he did not need on the floor and left, leaving her surprised and alone in the room.
"Do you mind if I join your little group?" Aaron asked, and without waiting for John's reaction pulled back one of the chairs.
He walked over to the landlady, smoothing his hair and buttoning his shirt. "It's a pleasure to meet you," he nodded. He gently grabbed her hand and pressed his lips lightly against the tips of her fingers. He noticed a broad smile and numerous wrinkles to match her affectionate gaze.
John squeezed through the trees for a long moment. He was careful not to let any hanging branches stick into his eye. When he passed the most difficult part of the tangle of trees, he stopped, and then his back hit the nearest standing tree. He lost his breath and control over his body. He was pressed too hard to see what was going on in time. He couldn't breathe or open his eyes. It took him some time to realize that it was no animal or supernatural force, but Sebastian, who appeared out of nowhere and pressed him against the tree. And the breathing problems were caused by Moran's mouth. Sebastian pressed him with his body and kissed him eagerly and wildly. Though John wouldn't call it kisses. He was rather devoured by Sebastian's greedy mouth. He sucked and bit him. He grabbed his lower lip between his and pulled it as if he wanted to appropriate it. John didn't have the strength to break free, though he tried. He was pushing Moran away. He wanted to get out of the trap. At one point he thought he would succeed because he managed to push himself away from the tree. Immediately, however, he landed on the grass, and Sebastian lay down on him, taking away any possibility of escape. The moment he felt something hard pressed to his thigh, he panicked completely.
"Mycroft, you were serious?"
"Are you that possessive, or are you not fond of the thought that you would have to touch me?"
"Damn me, if I know what's going on here ... That's all? And yet you insist on sending us there?" the archer was nervous.
"I know you're really aren't like that and ... you have no idea how this pretending of yours is pissing me off," he added determinedly. "You try to push others away at all costs because you are afraid of attachment. You prefer to be alone and you want to be sure that your feelings will not be hurt. This is selfish and cowardly of you". He heard his own footsteps as he started walking around the living room. He could feel Mycroft's gaze all the time. He looked at Sherlock and noticed that the younger genius was sitting in his armchair, staring at the carpet. He was depressed, pale. John's words had hurt him as well.
"You know, Mycroft. It's not like I'm averse to men. If it's necessary, you can do it," he said with a smile. Another grunt confirmed his conviction that Mycroft was not used to this type of behavior. The older man pulled out a small textbook and handed it to the doctor.
"Give it back," Mycroft growled, holding the phone with both hands.
"No. He's right," she interrupted. "It's time to stop walking around with my head in the clouds and stop chasing after men who see me as a means to a goal and who don't care about me." She looked shyly at Sherlock. Her eyesight was significant for her because she probably finally realized that there was no point in lying to herself and living her dreams. She looked away before any of the other two men had a chance to notice anything. John and Sherlock stared at each other in silence. "But where will I find such a man?"
"Uh ... John. What are you doing? John ...?" his words were absorbed by kisses. He could hardly breathe and barely stood on his feet. He felt how one of John's hands detach from his face and went to the zipper in his pants. After the characteristic sound of unfastening the belt, Mycroft gathered all his strength, waited for the right moment and turned their bodies, regaining control over the situation. He held John's hands above his head and pressed him to the wall.
At first, Mycroft felt only the pleasure of John's kiss and body heat. He even allowed himself to deepen the kiss but finally realized what was happening. He tried to free himself from John's strong hands, but despite the difference in height, he could not compete with him. John was strong and extremely determined to get his way. He sucked on Mycroft's mouth, not letting him say a word. The older man managed to free himself only when he felt John's knee started to rub against his groin.
"What do you mean?" she asked, frowning.
"My people have paid for this information with their lives." His answer indicated that he was angry and irritated by Sherlock's accusation that he was training his agents badly and didn't have the sense to determine which one was suitable for work in MI6.
Sherlock looked surprised as if he didn't know what John meant. But John knew Sherlock was aware of his behavior. "Does it bother you?"
"Forgive him, John." Mycroft finally straightened up. "He couldn't sleep and he is and frustrated now." He looked him straight in the eye and nodded at Sherlock, then looked away at his brother a moment later. "Please, Sherlock," he said softly, as if afraid to destroy the peace in the living room, "consider what I told you." The brothers stared at each other for a moment, but Mycroft was the first to let go. He slung the handle of his umbrella over his left forearm, and he prepared to reach out to John.
He turned his head and looked at the living room. Like the night before Mycroft slept on the couch, and just as before, all the evidence for it had disappeared. John started to seriously consider his husband's habits. Was he sleeping or maybe he was sitting all night working on a laptop? Was he in the room or did he meet with someone? Mycroft was one big secret.
The sunrise was more and more beautiful. Along with the brightening sky on the promenade, there were more and more people wanting to capture a beautiful view. They stood in the distance with their phones in their hands. They did not disturb each other, they looked as if they did not pay attention to the surroundings at all. The sun was slowly starting to appear above the horizon, and the sky was a warm pink-orange shade.
Mycroft did not want to give him satisfaction, but his brother was right. He preferred to avoid senseless walking and unnecessary effort. "It's nice that you're worried. After all, you know how I feel when you get involved in some suspicious stuff every time."
He looked away from people walking on the sidewalk to look at the detective.
John felt calm. He relaxed, lay down on the bed and rested his head on his hands.
John had no intention of being alone with him all the more in the middle of the canal, so he took the files from his hand and walked towards the crowded street. "No, thank you. I already know the city and I can handle it myself. Don't worry about me" with these words he started to squeeze through the crowd of tourists. He was sure Mycroft had chosen the water transport to get to the meeting point. His husband sometimes behaved as if he was allergic to people and their stupidity. John almost moaned irritably when Aaron appeared at his side and grabbed his elbow.
"Take your time," said Sherlock, his lips glued to John's skin. "John and I won't miss y..."
For some reason, John knew that the conversation wasn't just about collar or ownership. He nervously turned the ring he still had on his finger. "Alright, that's enough" he interrupted their discussion. "What else do you know about this woman, Sherlock?"
Doctor cleared his throat and after a moment, with a bashful smile, extended his hand elegantly towards Mycroft.
John wanted to be braver at the moment, so he emptied his glass in one move. He looked straight into Stoner's gray eyes and licked his lips. "Stop with this bullshit and tell me what do you really want from me. I'm fed up with this game, especially with a cheater like you."
Mycroft was thinking deeply about something. He took a deep breath and straightened up even more. "John, listen. Tonight there will be a farewell party in the neighboring hotel. Something like a summary of the congress. I know we've been through a lot lately. We've said unpleasant words too, but if you want ... I'll be delighted if you join me tonight.
They fell silent. John enjoyed the peace and Sherlock finished smoking a cigarette. John opened his eyes only when he heard the ship passing in the distance or the laughter of people. He wanted this moment to last as long as possible. A moment without worries, stress and with his best friend at his side. He started to miss home and his bed on Baker Street, but somewhere deeply he regretted it was his last moments in this beautiful and mysterious city. It was also hard to admit, he felt some kind of sadness when he thought his moments with Mycroft would end soon ...
"I don't understand one thing. Why does it have to be a husband? Wouldn't it be better to introduce a woman as a wife? And why should I be the husband?"
John realized it was actually happening. That the brothers agreed on their decision. For some strange and yet incomprehensible reason, he felt calmer. As if the weight of the last few days was gradually fading from his shoulders. "Where did this idea even come from?" he asked less nervously, letting his body relax.
John almost growled in annoyance. Mycroft's shirt slipped off the back of the sofa when they fell on it. John grabbed his ironed shirt, and ignoring Mycroft's moan of dissatisfaction, he dropped it carelessly on the floor. Their rubbing penises created obscene sounds. They gasped and moaned. The couch creaked under their weight, and its legs left marks on the oak floor. John's movements accelerated with each passing moment. Mycroft held John's neck in one place with his hand and deepened kisses.
John looked around the living room carefully. "Because the flat is quiet and ... clean." When his eyes fell on his friend, he narrowed his eyes and walked over to him.
The older man bowed gently, passed them, and when he was halfway to the exit, he stopped suddenly and stood still for a moment. Then he turned on his heel and came to John, who had no idea what was going on. Mycroft stood next to him but avoided his eyes. The doctor raised his eyebrow.
Lestrade's face twisted in sympathy, but he hid it as he turned his head. He remembered that his friend hated when someone showed him compassion in any form. Suddenly he twitched in his seat and quickly turned his head to look at him. "Doctor ... You're a doctor! You're not afraid of dead bodies."
"Yes, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. The hazes can still be in the air, so it would be better if you go" Sherlock opened the door and without touching his landlady, invited her into the corridor.
John was pleased to change the subject of the conversation. "It's hard for me to choose. I wonder what could be useful to us, but each thing seems more important than the other."
"Ah, of course ... Mycroft's younger brother. He mentioned you many times, although I had to force him to do it. I saw pride in his eyes when he talked about your successes."
"I'll let Mrs Hudson know you will come tomorrow," he said as if it were the most obvious thing, the next step in their relationship. "You must try the tea she makes in the morning. The address is 221B, Baker Street." Holmes reached for something in his pocket, then extended his hand in his direction.
He talked with Molly and Francesca for some time. Later, he discreetly put on his shoes and said goodbye to both women. He walked toward the separated room at the other end of the hotel. Lack of sleep and fatigue made him feel different, unpunished as if he were dreaming, and his decisions and actions did not carry any responsibility. He was pissed off by Mycroft's attitude. He couldn't understand why he told him to sit still for several hours. Was it a kind of lesson or punishment? He rebelled against this. What else could he do? Should he wait politely in silence for more orders? Oh no. There was no way. Especially not with irritated John Watson.
Of course, they agreed. Even Sherlock seemed pleased. He was walking next to John with a smile, and when they left the hotel and headed to the most touristic part of the city, a place where souvenirs could be found on every corner, he was staying right next to him. Not a step forward or backward. He was walking next to him, shoulder to shoulder. It was the hottest time of the day. The sun was shining in all its splendor as if pushing away the bravest clouds that were just trying to approach it. People passed each other on narrow streets, rubbing against and sometimes pushing each other. It was less crowded only on the water, where individual gondolas transported the lucky ones. John, Sherlock, and Molly wandered lazily through shops, squares, and streets. They passed bridges hanging over the water and filled with tourists equipped with cameras, but most often with phones. Someone was taking an amateur session, others were posing for professional photos. There was even a young couple who got married in a nearby church and chose a crowded alley with a view of Saint Mark's Square for the album's photos.
"That's true ..." he said in a very low voice. "... I slept with John ... a few times. I can't turn back time. Whatever I say will hurt you anyway, that's why I'm honest with you. We spent time together, we both took advantage of moments of weakness ... I held him in my arms but ... I never did it to hurt you. It was not my intention. Your suffering is mine, brother. I am not going to take your friend from you and I want you to go through life with someone close to you by your side. I know John will be this person. I care about your well-being and I know that I made a mistake. I will always repent for this error".
(See the end of the chapter for
He let him do it for a while, then turned his face away. He was breathing heavily, gasping for air. A shiver shook his whole body as the detective's nose and tongue began to tease the skin behind his ear. Tension, emotions, closeness... Savouring all turned out to be too intense for him. The feeling of fulfilment and happiness was mixed with excitement. Adrenaline took away the ability to recognize what was good and what was bad. Time and place did not matter. Mattered with who. He trembled in Sherlock Holmes' arms. He let him suck and caress his most sensitive areas. He could feel the detective's desire.
"John, I have to go back to the room now," he said, then looked at Stoner.
Holmes's smug voice assured him that he had enjoyed his company.
"Don't sulk, Sherlock. It's not like I don't want to touch you ... It's just ... you're my best friend, but we usually don't need to prove our friendship in this way. It's not like I do not want to touch you ".
"Everything is ready, John. Your new clothes are waiting for you in the hotel wardrobe. You don't have to worry about anything."
His words snatched the older man out of some trance. He blinked quickly, took a deep and nervous breath. But, he did not release John's hand. His eyes were filled with uncertainty and hesitation, which was disturbing and did not suit him.
"Our last day ... such a shame," Molly said as she walked alongside John.
"Everything is going well for now. But... why is it so stiff here? Why is nobody dancing?" John asked. Mycroft came over to him and put his hand on the table behind John's back. He leaned over to whisper something in his ear.
"Thank you very much for your concern, John, but I can take care of myself. And I believe the ophthalmology was not your field of study."
"Yeah, yeah. By the way ... could you?" Aaron asked kindly and pointed to Mycroft's tie.
"My only regret is that he is so stubborn and inaccessible in doing this," she rubbed her face, awkwardly hiding her breaking voice. "He only comes here when he needs something," her eyes instantly widened and her face lost its flush. "I mean ... I don't ...".
"You won't help us?" Greg asked, turning towards the door.
He tried to stay calm and not roll his eyes. "Huge for me."
The men looked at each other in tense silence. None of them wanted to look away first. John knew they both had to fight this psychological war for a long time. Aaron didn't look too tense or upset, and Mycroft took the proudest and hard attitude he could. At one point, Mycroft just turned and headed for the terrace door, leaving John alone with Aaron. Stoner was very pleased with that. He looked at John with a smile and leaned over the table.
"Why did you join the investigation? How did it happen?" he asked as he slowly passed several rows of exhibitions. He heard his own footsteps on the creaking floor.
"What with this negative attitude, Sherlock? Of course, we can handle it. In the end, I'll be there to do things right." He gave him a wide smile and took a step back. He was pleased with the effect of his words. He saw a genuine smile and amusement on his friend's face. He was grateful for the gift of ironic commenting on reality, which in these situations was most useful to him. He saw the way Sherlock reacted every time he managed to make a sarcastic comment that he appreciated his company for that.
John didn't wait. He walked over to the window with a smile, opened it and went out onto the balcony. His friend was standing on the neighboring terrace. As usual, he leaned against the balustrade and smoked lazily a cigarette. They stood in silence for a moment. They watched boats and gondolas floating in the distance, rented by lovers in love and incredibly rich couples. John knew that if he wanted to afford a quiet and slow gondola ride at this time of night, he would have to raise money all month. "I hope you've finished your experiments with me," he said, staring straight ahead. "Your behavior annoyed me this morning." He didn't hear the answer. "Have you at least achieved your goal?" he asked.
The discussion continued for several hours. The sun was starting to hide behind the horizon and the sky was starting to turn purple. The last rays of the sun reflected in the windows of the great hall, and the shadow covered more and more of the room. John lazily played with vegetables, he ate for dinner. He tried not to think about time. He was sitting on the long balcony, separated from the rest of the high room by a stone balustrade. Mycroft and the others sat under the balcony in the large hall. John didn't understand any of what they were talking about, though. Neither, the other women who accompanied their husbands that day. John would feel lost and bored, but Francesca's presence made him feel better. She didn't leave him alone for a second.
John crossed his arms and leaned against the door frame. He nodded slightly.
Molly, who had sat in silence so far, listened to this strange discussion. She looked at Sherlock and John and sipped her hot coffee from a small cup. When they fell silent, she decided to ask if her suppositions were correct. "Coffee and tea ..." she said uncertainly, "Is this some code or a metaphor?"
John felt overwhelmed with thoughts of what Sherlock felt at the moment and if Mycroft was doing well. After some time, John had enough. He no longer wanted to wait idly for Mycroft's return - because there was no way of confronting Sherlock at the moment - so he got up off the couch. He felt dizzy but he walked to the door, massaging his numb thigh. When he stood in the hall and felt a breath of fresh air, he looked toward the nearby door. It was only now that he thought he didn't know if he would rather have the conversation between Mycroft and Sherlock be short or go on for some time. John was thinking about the pros and cons of this situation. But he didn't have enough determination to make the first move to check what was happening in Sherlock's apartment.
"Nothing. I'm just curious." Sherlock shrugged. He wanted to show his indifference. But he still refused to look at his friend. "People do it often. They start a casual conversation to break the silence" he added.
That's right, Sherlock ... John's phone sounded in the bedroom on demand. His friend's name was displayed, and the loud melody cut through the silence. John didn't want to talk, but he had to at least mute his cell phone. He was about to force himself to reach for it when the mattress behind him fell under Mycroft's weight. The genius leaned over John, grabbed his phone and turned it off, as John had done the previous night.
He shuddered as Holmes approached him. He had been thinking about their next meeting all day. But at that moment, he was almost overwhelmed with the realization, he could not only look at him but could also touch him... if he wanted to. He was breathing heavily and inhaled the pleasant scent wafting around the detective. Holmes' bright eyes studied every inch of his face. His gaze was reassuring... mesmerizing. Nothing mattered at the moment because he was the one that caught the attention of that intense stare. He forgot the last hour and the strange conversation with the stranger. A sudden, cold touch on his cheek made him hold his breath. Holmes's thumb cooled his ardent skin. He looked down at his mouth for a split second, then closed his eyes and hissed softly, feeling an unexpected burning sensation.
Their footsteps and the rhythmic clatter of cane sounded three times louder than under normal circumstances. All this was due to the empty halls, the coldness of which resembled a prison rather than a place where hundreds of students passed each day and where professors spent time on their own research. The only positive element was the wide windows that provided a satisfactory amount of light. They came halfway down the hall when the door to one of the offices quietly swung open. They saw a tall man in a beige suit and a dark hat covering his blond hair. Something in the man's posture caught Holmes's attention. He slowed down and narrowed his eyes. The stranger, however, did not notice them. He closed the door and wandered on, soon disappearing down the corridor.
After three hours of walking, hunger and sun were beginning to bother them. They went down the slopes and saw hectares of forest. They could already see the pleasant shade of the spreading crowns of the trees and the smell of pine needles rolling on the ground in the lush grass. For now, however, they had to deal with the road paved with stones. Each of them quietly hoped that when they reached the green border, Moran would decide to take the first break. They could almost smell the food and the heat of the fire. John wanted nothing more than to throw off a heavy backpack, remove stones that had somehow managed to get into his shoes and warm his frozen hands over the fire. He was also going to talk to Sherlock because he was quiet and gloomy. On the other hand, he was worried about Sebastian's lack of action. He knew him and was convinced that whenever he had the opportunity, he would make him talk. That he would cling to him and force him to explain their separation. Meanwhile, apart from glances, Sebastian did not seem eager to talk. Maybe he has changed? Maybe he understood and regrets? These thoughts ran through John's head from time to time. He wanted to believe that whatever had happened to Moran during these ten years had changed him enough to finally let go of the possessive nature of their unstable relationship. Unfortunately, the greatest faith was sometimes not enough. Anyone who met Sebastian once knew that he never gave up. And John knew that. He guessed that Moran wanted to lull his attention or give him time to prepare for the conversation, which was to happen sooner or later. Whatever was going to happen, John felt his body contract in anticipation and uncertainty. He wanted to do it and move on. The first conversation after so many years of separation could not take place in a friendly atmosphere. He just hoped that he would be able to talk to Sebastian away from the curious eyes of the other members of the group, especially Sherlock. He preferred to keep a secret from him in this case.
"You know what, Mycroft? Nobody has ever made me laugh so hard. I would never have guessed that you would be that person who does this" he said with amused. He shook his head and drank tea from his cup.
As he approached the table, he did not take his eyes off the detective who was still staring at him. He took his seat with a pounding heart as he felt the gaze penetrating his neck. His breathing stopped for a second as Holmes bent over him with the magnifying glass in his hand. A shudder of anxiety and excitement ran through his body. He gasped for air, tried to control his trembling lungs. He took the magnifying glass, but Holmes did not release it for a long time, dragging out the moment when their fingers were tangled on its handle. He shuddered as the detective intentionally ran his fingertip over his skin and then along his arm.
John looked at the coins in his wallet, then took them in his hand. Seven pounds and thirty pence. That was all he had left after cruising around the city all night. He never thought he would spend a quarter of his salary in a single night. All the more so for something as pitiful as alcohol. He was slowly turning into his sister and beginning to understand her point of view. Most of the time, love and alcohol went hand in hand. Especially if love ran into problems. However, he decided that the bottle of beer lying next to the bench would be his last one that night. He thought no longer. He turned the hand that held the money and held it out towards the drunk man.
"It was me, John!" Mycroft raised his voice for the first time. He caught his attention. John raised his head and looked at him in surprise. He tensed his body like in other stressful situations. "Could you be so kind and explain to me, what sense do you see in having a telephone if you don't carry it with you ?!"
Mycroft's eyes wandered as if he did not understand or did not want to understand John's words and his complaints.
"Sherlock, your phone is ringing!" John shouted, grabbing a cool dinner from the fridge. He wasn't in the best mood. From the early morning, he had to struggle with adversity. Both at home and at work. The hospital where he worked did not have enough resources to provide help to those in need. For John as a doctor, there was nothing worse than the fact that he couldn't help patients because of a lack of money. He had enough restrictions and bans.
"I'm sorry, brother, but your discomfort is not my problem. I don't remember talking to you or asking you about your opinion. Don't put your nose where you can quickly lose it," he threatened.
John never once looked at Mycroft but he felt his gaze. He knew he should not talk to him about this or lament about such trivial problems. He must have looked like a rejected girl who complains about her boyfriend in Mycroft's eyes. He did not know why he had such associations. He dared to look up after a few moments.
"To Venice for example," she said, smiling from ear to ear. "John was so happy when he talked about his last trip. He is so happy, tanned, and his eyes glow more than usual. Did you notice that even his hair changed its color?" she asked and sighed. The sigh was full of sentiment. "But it's good to have both of you back," she added.
John checked the time. It was almost 3 AM. He put down his still vibrating phone, threw away the bedding and quietly got out of bed. He gently pushed the door. He saw Mycroft, who - despite the late hour - was still working on the laptop. The cold light on his face made him look paler and skinnier than usual. There was a bedding set up on the couch and an unbuttoned suitcase next to it.
The hotel's back door was right above the narrow canal at the back of the building. When the door closed, Mycroft could only hear the muted sounds of music and conversations. He followed Aaron without a word. Stoner led him to a place only he knew. They walked in total darkness. The walkway was just two feet wide, separating the walls of the buildings from the water at the bottom of the canal. Aaron never looked back, but he seemed relaxed and pleased with himself. He walked briskly with his hands in his pockets. Mycroft could bet he was smiling in this specific way. An unpleasant smell from above the water irritated his nose, and the rough and shabby walls did not make it easier to balance on unstable and wet pavement slabs. They passed the backs of several buildings and finally reached the back door of one of the hotels. Mycroft assumed it was the Savoia & Jolanda hotel, but he wasn't sure if he was right.
Sherlock kept his eyes on his friend. "The cat, that Molly will probably choke in any moment, had an owner before, but the woman who looks after him now ..."
Mycroft's good humor intrigued John more and more. John liked when Mycroft was showing him his other side. He wanted to know more, but he had no idea why.
"Longanimous?" John finished for him.
"You have a few free hours. Does that mean that out of boredom you decided to see for yourself what our work looks like?" Lestrade asked, finally settling down in a comfortable seat. "You want to make sure if I'm not out of practice," he added with a smile, and he winked, still looking at him.
Maybe Mycroft was the smartest man John knew, but he was Sherlock's brother. John managed to learn to recognize all possible reactions and emotions of both brothers. Contrary to appearances, they were very similar. That's why he knew it wasn't all truth. He knew that elder Holmes was hiding something from him. That's why this time he leaned over the table and fixed his blue eyes on the older man.
"I know you feel hurt and I also know you won't accept any explanation at the moment ..." Mycroft tried to sound patient to calm his brother a bit. He tried to remember how to talk to him, but he knew the situation was hopeless and no argument made sense when Sherlock was so furious.
Aaron knew if he wanted to achieve his goals he needed sacrifice. Not a literal sacrifice with a splash of blood on the walls, or a tight loop on the throat. It was about people who provoked others with their naivety and innocence. If Aaron wanted to succeed, he would have to sacrifice someone unimportant, someone, after whom he would not feel remorse, even if such a person would be hurt. He knew this from an early age, so he managed to learn how to manipulate human feelings. But it was hard if people were as intelligent as he was. Mycroft Holmes for example or his little brother. To reach someone like Mycroft, he first had to find and then hit his weak point. And although he immediately realized that Holmes's marriage was mere fiction and he knew his weakness, his plans changed as soon as he saw Mycroft's chosen one, and John became an end in itself. However, as it turned out John's weak point was Mycroft's younger brother - Sherlock. Interestingly, he returned the feeling to the doctor just as much. So, if Aaron could not achieve his goal in the chosen way, he had to try to do something else and reach for more sophisticated and less suspicious methods, but not necessarily less unpleasant.
He felt an unpleasant stab of shame and guilt down his stomach. "Forgive me. I shouldn't have insisted."
They were closer to Baker Street with each step. They were happy and ready to show their love at any moment. They were in a hurry on Baker Street because the awareness of what they were doing was beginning to engulf their entire bodies. Despite the rush and crowds of thoughts, something was wrong in Sherlock's opinion. He wanted to feel John's skin as quickly as possible. He gently released John's hand. He wanted to wipe the surprise away from his face as soon as possible, so he roughly ripped the glove off his hand and folded his fingers with his friend's fingers.
Holmes looked at the injuries for a long time. His eyes wide open explored every inch of the victim's body. He intently looked at the cuts, scrapes, and bruises through the magnifying glass without saying a word. Finally, he straightened very slowly and stared thoughtfully ahead. "What do you think, my dear Watson?"
He took a step, went onto the small balcony and turned his head to the left. He saw Sherlock, whose curly hair glistened in the moonlight. He saw his pale, slender face and light smoke coming out of his mouth. His friend stood on the balcony of his apartment and looked as if he was deeply thinking about something. Both men did not speak to each other, but they knew full well about their presence. John opened the bottle and took two large sips, not caring about the principles of good manners. He didn't have to worry about his behavior when he was with Sherlock. Not like with Mycroft's friends who would consider such behavior to be extremely reprehensible.
"We don't have to if you don't want to," Sherlock replied, brushing the invisible dirt off the balustrade.
Stoner looked at him closely and grinned, making John shiver. "I have my reasons. Anyway, I will say no more. There is no fun without secrets."
"So I have to pretend nothing happened and not bother you anymore?"
John couldn't take his eyes off him. In the warm morning light, Mycroft's face seemed younger, more harmonious. It was as if he had thrown off the mask he wore every day. It was a very nice change. A moment later, John almost rolled his eyes. Mycroft must have suffered on a narrow couch at night because he massaged his aching neck with a grimace. 'I told you so'. This sentence danced on John's tongue. However, he turned his head and chewed his lip.
It couldn't be a coincidence. The stranger was too well informed, knew too much about him. Yesterday a similar meeting would send a chill down his spine, and his subconscious mind would order him to distance himself from the suspicious man. But now... Now he has stopped being surprised by what was happening to him. Instead of fear, he felt a curiosity he could not contain.
Lestrade stood over the corpse and rubbed his neck. "You're right, Mr Holmes. Perhaps we will ask for your help, Watson."
He was relieved to find that John was not paying attention to him, and his eyes were covered with his shoulder like a few moments before. Mycroft went around the bed and slipped into his part of the mattress. He felt the atmosphere was still tense. He lay on his back, stared at the decorated ceiling, and listened to John's breath. He wanted to see if he was falling asleep, but there was no indication that John was sleeping.
"The sooner the better. I need to talk to him before he comes up with some other ideas. He probably laments over his fate now and murders me in most painful and in the most sophisticated ways. It will be worse if he starts thinking about ... It will be better if he focuses on taking revenge without taking action.
"Sherlock should be over soon."
"I had no idea that he would be in this hotel. I found out he lived on the other side of town and I have absolutely no idea why he was here. Although I have my suspicions..."
"Sorry ... But seriously ... I thought, since this is the last day of work, you will have some important meeting and you will not come back until the evening," John replied.
They walked slowly in complete silence. A mysterious night hung over the city, but thanks to the yellow light of the lanterns, everything looked almost the same as in the middle of the day. Maybe apart from narrow streets separated from the lights by tall buildings. John and Sherlock strolled around St. Mark's Square. Then they returned to the Grand Canal - the main canal in Venice - and they walked along the water until they reached the Rialto Bridge. They passed amused party people who took up free places in the bars or sat by the canals, talking, sipping strong drinks and laughing loudly. John remembered the night he and Mycroft were traveling under this beautiful and old bridge for the first time. He raised a corner of his mouth, walking towards the bridge with his friend. He had the impression, it was only a few days since he arrived, although in reality his stay was coming to an end and he was about to return home soon, to sad, gray London. So many things happened in less than two weeks. John once again looked at the gondolas standing by the shore. He started looking for a boat that looked most like the one he had traveled with Mycroft.
"What were you doing there, my dear Watson?"
"You are angry with him now. I understand that. But maybe you will let your noble character act and you will help him save his face in this situation? You see, the photo I have can harm not only you" at this moment he reached into his blazer pocket and pulled out his phone. He grabbed it with two fingers and waved it gently.
Mycroft looked at him pityingly. "Thank you, but I must refuse."
John had to admit that this part of the party was nice but tiring. That's why he was glad when Mycroft found a dark corner where they could hide away from the crowds.
"I should thank you," he said. He sat down in Molly's chair and, together with his older brother, focused on people dancing a few feet away.
"Why are you so sure about this?" the inspector asked in surprise.
He knew that look and that smirk. Holmes looked at him in the same way when they examined Annie Chapman's body. But this time the silence was much more disturbing, making his body shiver.
"That's what we're here for. We need to figure out what he uses to kill and how he came into possession of the murder weapon. We'll slowly surround him with evidence so he won't have a chance to get away with it."
That's why, he was now sitting on the beautiful St. Mark's Square and stared with a forced smile at the pale face of Sherlock's boring companion, Molly Hooper, who was sitting on the other side of the table. She was eating cakes, trying not to look like a greedy eater, although Aaron was perfectly aware of her weakness and he silently laughed when she tried to convince him of her good upbringing. She wasn't interesting at all. Quiet, modest ... and common girl with uninteresting work and no perspectives. She was the total opposite of what attracted him to women. He hated ordinary people, he was annoyed by conversations about life and he was tired of hearing about their problems. He avoided this kind of meetings unless he had a goal. At first, he couldn't understand why the younger Holmes was interested in Miss Hooper. There was interesting about her, and her appearance did not improve her situation, which is why her presence at Sherlock's side seemed strange to Aaron. It took him a long time before he realized why she had really come into the hotel and lived in one apartment with young Holmes. Stoner was smiling under his breath because he didn't think John's friend would be so crafty and would do such things to achieve his goal. But he was not surprised Sherlock decided to do it. He even had to admit, he admired him for his courage. He knew the price Sherlock would pay if his plan failed.
He stared at her glazed eyes for a long time, and as he moved towards Holmes, he trembled at the sight of the expression on his face. The detective ignored Lestrade. He was watching them with pursed lips and eyes obscured by the shadow of his top hat. His chest rose and fell rapidly, and his jaw muscles twitched under the pale skin.
Practice makes perfect. He knew it all too well. The slight mockery in Holmes's voice puzzled him when he mentioned the police's attention. Did he condemn or admire the murderer's actions? Or maybe both? He immediately rejected this possibility. He had known the detective too briefly to draw any conclusions. He let himself be carried away by the flow of events but had to keep a clear mind. This sudden whirlwind of unexpected coincidences and the feeling of danger were dangerous but very, very attractive.
John sighed and quickly rubbed his eyelids with his fingers. "It's been several days since our return, but I haven't done one thing yet. I have to ..."
The genius flinched and got up from the chair when John did the same. He watched his friend come up to the table with a pile of envelopes.
"I am not the person you are looking for ... Doctor Watson."
The three of them headed to the large hall that decorated the ground floor of the hotel. The creamy marble staircase with red carpet and the lack of even the smallest dirt continued to impress John. He liked every inch of the building, as did the hall where guests could relax and immerse themselves in their thoughts, with the choice of every existing and of course unimaginably expensive coffee in the world. They took a seat opposite the porter's lodge. Almost immediately, a dark-eyed waitress in a white shirt and black hair found her way to their table. She was young but experienced, Sherlock noted. Her enthusiasm and care, as she wrote orders, said a lot about her character and the work she had dreamed of since she was a child. She was the perfect example that waiters' attitudes toward customers influenced their orders because both John and Molly had asked for things they wouldn't normally eat. All because of the waitress's friendly smile, her nice voice, and gentle character.
John groaned and closed his eyes in pleasure. He felt Mycroft's warmth beside him, and something hard pressed against his thigh. He opened his eyes just as the older man put his hand on the back of his neck and pushed his tongue even deeper.
Sherlock unintentionally hit his elbow on the back of the chair in a nervous tick, which of course caught the attention of Greg and Mrs. Hudson. He avoided their eyes and barely refrained from grinding his teeth. "Lestrade, if you came to gossip about the situation of John and Mycroft, I advise you to come tomorrow. Mrs. Hudson is going to tell about their warmed up relationship to everyone around anyway, so she will have time." He ignored the landlady's surprised and slightly offended look, who was already getting ready to answer the accusation.
He shuddered at his gaze. The man's dark eyes forced him to stop halfway. For some reason, he lost his confidence. He felt a chill and wondered if it was due to the wind, or if his subconscious was trying to tell him something. He was thinking about the answer when he saw Holmes, annoyed by his interlocutor's lack of attention, finally turning his gaze to him. The conversation ceased. Two pairs of eyes focused only on him and some strange atmosphere made his throat dry. He licked his lips nervously and cleared his throat. His hand tightened on his cane slick with sweat.
The muscles in Sherlock's thighs tightened, making his entire legs tremble uncontrollably.
At night every street in Whitechapel looked the same. Narrow passages formed a maze with countless shortcuts and hiding places. Tall buildings limited the light, and the stench of faeces discouraged venturing into certain areas. The worst, however, was not the rodents that ran between the legs or the irregular streets where people could easily twist their ankles, but the fog that gathered over the city. It was so dense he had difficulty recognizing where he was actually running. His only reference point was the moon. Despite his tenacity, he was losing hope of catching the murderer. Minutes passed in an unsuccessful search. He felt as if he was going in the right direction and was close, but at some point, lost the trail. Interestingly, during the chase, he did not come across even one patrolling policeman. He was filled with anger and frustration. He had unbelievably bad luck that night. He ran forward, pausing now and then, listening to the sounds of his surroundings. He could feel the adrenaline throbbing inside him. He wouldn't mind if the murderer suddenly emerged from the alley and attacked him from behind. He felt like he could handle even a dozen killers right now. His finger was on the trigger, ready to fire at any moment. His chase after Jack the Ripper lasted several minutes. Eventually, he noticed that the streets were no longer as narrow and bumpy as before. If his hunch was right and he was still following the murderer's trail, he realized that Holmes was right about the status and wealth of the Ripper. It was approaching the city centre, so the murderer indeed belonged to the upper-class.
"And for you, sir?" the man turned to Mycroft. Holmes was sitting hesitantly for a moment, but when his eyes fell on John, he raised a corner of his mouth with an artificial smile and looked at the owner. "Tea with milk, please".
*The Beatles - Can't Buy Me Love
Of course, Mycroft was not surprised by his brother's behavior and decisions. He knew him too well not to know about his intentions and the next steps. But even Mycroft found it an exaggeration when he saw his brother flaunting his plan. He felt sorry for John because Sherlock did it all because of him. He wanted to admonish his brother using something stronger than the usual warning words. This whole show with Miss Hooper was so artificial that he couldn't deny himself a glass of whiskey. He didn't even want to see John's face, though he knew perfectly well how he must have felt when his friend appeared in the room.
"But who is angry, John?" Sherlock asked, as if nothing had happened, and raised his eyebrows questioningly for greater effect.
"I was looking for you with Franco and now I want to kidnap your John. If you're with it okay ..."
"Jo..." he did not finish. The security guards pulled him into the next room, but before they slammed the door, Sherlock saw something on his face that bothered him for a long time. He saw disbelief, desperation, and concern.
"Who are you?" he asked, staring at the dark outline of the stranger who sat in the shadows.
"My people are trying to define what time it was exactly," Lestrade cut in on their conversation.
He remembered the sounds of Big Ben's chimes. "It was about ten to one."
"Don't worry about him today," Mrs. Hudson muttered, standing next to John's chair. She handed Greg a cup of tea, although he politely declined it earlier. He took it in surprise. He hoped for Sherlock's help, so he was surprised by this sudden refusal. He knew about the genius's moods, but after what he heard from Molly, he thought Sherlock would be in a better mood. "He's angry because John left him alone in the flat and went to talk to his brother," she added, making Sherlock wincing.
"Are you sure, Mycroft, that is enough for me?" he asked with a raised eyebrow and pointed to his small suitcase.
He had too much to say. He didn't know where to start. In his entire career as a military doctor, he hadn't seen anything like this. Yes, his companions and friends died before his eyes from gunshot wounds. He was familiar with the sight and the smell of freshly clotted blood. Death was his daily companion. However, he had never experienced a murder like this before. The situation was even worse because the victim was a woman. She looked like one of the many women in this area. The hardships of life were visible on her face. She took whatever job she could, and since the only way to survive in this neighbourhood was prostitution, no wonder she drowned her sorrows in the alcohol that still was floating above her corpse. No matter who she was, no one deserved such a death.
Was he aware of how much this gesture meant to him? How many times did he dream about walking along his side so that others would have proof of what love he had for his best friend? Sherlock didn't know if John had changed or just stopped worrying about the opinions of other people who could easily judge others. But since he opened up enough to go with him, holding his hand, Sherlock was more than willing to let him. He still couldn't believe what was happening. It's true that in Venice he did different things and tempted John with kisses, hugs, and behaviors, which he always wanted to try. It's true that he was clearly seducing him. However, it was Venice. A city of lovers, where everything had its justification. He seduced John because he wanted to make him aware that the relationship with Mycroft, though feigned, was pointless. That he should be his only candidate for a potential partner. He was afraid that he would lose him and again lose the chance to confess what he felt. He did it all with the knowledge that in case of failure he could easily justify himself with the surroundings, the change of environment and the general illusion of the fairy tale that the city on the water created. In London, everything looked different. It was more real here. Realities and consequences had a wider impact on the streets of London than in a city where no one knew them, and decisions and events seemed more like a dream than truth. When John held his hand and proudly walked at his side, he showed everyone that he had decided. That he made a decision and which he intended to stick to, no matter what. That their feelings were real and nobody could undermine it. Sherlock felt that he ultimately belonged to John as he did to him.
"I tried to explain to Mycroft that we could do better on our own, but he seems to have a different opinion." John didn't have to turn around to know that his friend was looking over his shoulder at what he was doing. "Focus on us and pay no attention to others."
"Good morning, Sherlock," he said, hoping he would end this awkward moment. They both felt that the morning had not started as expected and for the first time in a long time John did not know how to react and what to say. He was looking at a friend who started walking towards him.
Mrs. Hudson clenched her teeth. She took the plastic bags from John's hands and, did not waiting for another biting comment about her flat, turned to the door. "I'll talk to your mother, young man," she growled loudly and firmly. A moment later she disappeared behind the door.
John knew his friend was shocked and mad about recent events.
"You should ask him. You two are married after all," she replied with slight amusement and settled back in her chair.
After passing a dozen people dealing with the smooth operation of the hotel and reception, John stood in front of the glass door. When the door was opened, he almost covered his eyes. He did not expect that he would ever be able to be on this kind of important and elegant event. He was standing by Mycroft's side in the banquet hall. He had to raise his head high up to see the ceiling and strain his eyes to see the pairs on the other side of the room. Tables with food and alcohol stood near the walls. John could hear conversations and quiet music coming from the center of the room.
"What time is it?" he asked in a voice muffled by the pillow. To his surprise, Sherlock froze in place and quickly turned off the website he was watching with such curiosity just a moment earlier. It all took literally a second, and John wondered what his friend was hiding.
"A policeman with such a keychain will definitely gain more respect from the killer, who he will aim at with a pistol. Such a souvenir will give him seriousness when he puts the suspect in the police car."
As he lay on the couch with his trousers down and saw Mycroft's pale face, he felt a tightness in his stomach and cold sweat on his back. He'd watched too many movies, read too many romances, and knew what that meant. He supposed when they were having fun, Mycroft fell on his phone. He chose Sherlock's number by accident. Sherlock heard their moaning and the sound of a shuffling couch. This was the worst possible option. When he asked if his suppositions were true, Mycroft gave him a withering look, then denied it sharply. John wanted to take a sigh of relief and put his head on the man's chest, but he was gently but firmly pushed aside. Mycroft jumped up and went for the bathroom to get ready. He smoothed his hair, buttoned up his clothes and washed his face, muttering something about the irresponsibility and stupidity of Israeli diplomats. It was his only opportunity and John had no intention of wasting it. He had enough of sitting in one place and wondering what to do. He did not intend to succumb to Mycroft's resolve once again, so he quickly wiped sperm from his stomach, entered the bedroom, and took a clean shirt from the wardrobe. He looked at the toilet door from time to time and when he finally stood dressed in clean clothes, he sighed with relief. Of course, Mycroft's persuasion and threats did not help, because John was determined to spend the day - no matter how it would end - at his husband's side.
"Mycroft?" genius asked, although he knew what the answer would be.
"My brother shunned interpersonal relationships unless he had no other choice or had some benefit out of it." Mycroft used a neutral voice, though he did not dare to look up, which destroyed the illusion of insensitivity and indifference in which John had long ceased to believe. "You are the first person who taught him the proper interaction and coexistence with others. From the very beginning, you have been a support for him, although it is a difficult and often ungrateful task. I am glad that he chose you," he said and finally looked John in the eye. "Because I suppose, you know how my brother feels for you and you have also realized that you have been thinking about him for a long time too," he said confidently.
"Haa ... harder" Mycroft's voice was like a whimper, which made John unable to resist him. He leaned his legs on the back of the couch and massaged crazy both himself and the other man. The noises in his ears almost made him dizzy. He waited for the impending climax with his eyes closed and with a buzz in his head.
Three weeks of hard training slowly gave results. He saw it in his reflection in the mirror as he stood shirtless. His stomach was slowly beginning to look like during his service in Afghanistan, and his skin became firm again. He was glad that he would regain the fitness he had during his service in the army. He liked it. It was also easier for him to accept his imperfections, which he could not overcome in any way. Exercises and diet made him feel more self-confident. Seeing his short stubble on his face, he was reminded of the days of the desert wilderness he'd spent alongside other soldiers. He felt good again, but his good mood was destroyed by a red bruise on his shoulder. He looked at the place Sebastian grabbed with such force. He remembered his fingers, his breath, and determination in his eyes. He has not changed. Even after so many years, he did not change his behavior and habits. He was still confident and determined to achieve what he wanted. Even if he had to use force. The red trace of his fingers reminded John too much of it. He grimaced when he touched the wounded place. Sebastian had always hurt him, and although John believed that he had mostly done it unknowingly, he preferred to avoid being alone with him. He clenched his teeth because he knew that perseverance would be the most important thing for him before they started their mission in unknown areas in Asia.
Mycroft shifted his weight to the hand on the mattress and reluctantly moved away from John, shifting him to his back. John looked a bit surprised, but he enjoyed the change of position. He quickly wrapped his arms around Holmes's neck and pulled him down for a kiss. Mycroft lay between his thighs.
While they were sitting in the plane he wondered about the reasons for this forced journey, glancing at John from time to time. After arriving, they didn't even have time to talk. They were immediately taken to the second floor of the building, where they had to wait for further orders. In the meantime, Mycroft joined them. He didn't seem too eager to explain this sudden meeting. He didn't look ready to talk at all. Sherlock tried to force him to be honest, but it did nothing. Even when they were alone. Mycroft was silent, and Sherlock finally gave up, although he guessed that this type of behavior meant problems.
"What should I understand if you avoid the answer?" Sebastian jumped up. "That day I woke up and learned that you were gone. You disappeared without a word. Sholto threatened me with disciplinary dismissal if I start sniffing and if I won't let you go."
Francesca was still smiling and did not look offended. She twirled the glass between her fingers and looked at him with a mysterious expression. "Were this really lies, John? You looked honestly when you talked about Mycroft when you first see him."
"Around midnight people heard the shot. The second shot followed later, but it was only in the morning it was decided to check what happened. The assembled people found the bodies of two people in this place. As it turned out the bodies of a woman and a man" he continued and pointed his finger at the hole in the wall. The hole was slightly higher than his head. Then he looked down. John and Molly followed his gaze. There was a large reddish mark on the ground, obviously from some fluid. The stain soaked into the stone floor permanently. It narrowed and ran outside the room.
"Is there anything you want from me?" Mycroft asked in a steady voice.
"Oh, so you follow me just to get evidence of our deception? I can't believe this is your way of having fun. But as you said, it will be difficult for you to find something on us. You can't convince the others to your suspicions.
John shuddered again that day. He stopped his movements, much to Sherlock's displeasure. He grabbed his wrist because his friend was desperate enough to reach out to touch himself and finish the job. John pressed his hand on the pillow next to his head, leaned forward, and kissed him hard. He waited for Mycroft's next steps, but they never came. He broke the kiss and looked back.
She was looking at John and couldn't hide her smile. "He care so much for you, John ..." she said softly and gently touched John's face. His parted lips were hot and wet. She gently put her thumb on John's lower lip and wiped the residue of Mycroft's saliva.
"USB memory stick, John".
That was enough to break the resolutions and perseverance of the genius. Mycroft jumped toward him, pressing him against the car window. He put his hand to the cold glass and hung over the surprised doctor who instinctively pressed his body between the door and the back of the seat. "I promised Sherlock that I wouldn't touch you with my finger until you gave me a sign that you wanted it," he murmured, strangely breathless and slightly red on his face and neck.
"If I am of any use to you, I will be happy to help."
"Forgive me, I wasn't going to interrupt your sleep," Mycroft said, turning sideways and closing the door behind him. He had a shirt hanging on his shoulder. He folded it and put it carefully into a half-packed suitcase next to the wardrobe.
John jumped to the side, avoiding the car moving towards him. He took no notice of the threats coming from the open window and he ignored the driver's clenched fist. The discussion on the other side of the phone was getting more and more interesting.
Calm sounds eased John's nerves. He focused his attention on Sherlock's injured hands. He didn't want to hurt him more. He took off the glove, and when he looked at the bandaged hand, he felt like smiling under his breath. Sherlock apparently decided to take care of it himself, because the bandage was wrapped clumsily and lopsidedly. The moment he took it off, he understood how much pain his friend must have felt all this time. His skin was bleeding. On the fingers and in the middle of the palm. The blood had already dried and stuck to the bandage. John gently got rid of it. But when he did it, he accidentally ripped a few cuts and the blood appeared again on Sherlock's hand. Amazingly, Sherlock didn't move even a millimeter. His hand grew warm, and when John looked up, he saw his friend's beautiful eyes, focused only on him. They stared at each other for a long time. So long that John felt uncomfortable. He lowered his eyes and took care of his hand. He cleaned the wounds, disinfected, and sprayed his hand with a special substance that was to help tissue regeneration. He wrapped his hand with a clean bandage and took the other one. He repeated the activities, but this time much more slowly. He loved the touch of Sherlock's skin. It was delicate and soft. He had long, slender fingers. John could look at them for hours. He was glad that Sherlock was letting him do it right now. He sat patiently with his open hand and let him touch himself. John was too much into what he was doing to pay attention to the burning look his friend gave him. He could feel the warm breath on his neck as he bowed his head. He gently ran his finger over the bandage. How much would he give to feel Sherlock's fingers on his skin. He wanted those fingers to tighten on his shoulder and hold him to the ground. If only Sherlock had kissed him just like Sebastian had just before ... He looked up. Sherlock stared at him in silence. The glow of the fire reflected in his eyes. John understood his mistake. He couldn't show Sebastian that he was right. There were no laws where they were. No one would be surprised by Sherlock's death because the mission itself was dangerous and had the characteristics of suicide. He couldn't let his hidden feelings for Sherlock be visible to others or let Sebastian figure out what he felt for his friend. He realized that these two months would be really difficult.
