"John!" Sherlock cries. Leaps out of his chair, his robe unfurling, silken blue. Hasty footsteps from the kitchen to John's laptop, which is in John's lap. Sherlock navigates from YouTube funny cat videos to his website with precise and fluid typing, sleeve ghosting across the keys. "John," he says again. Eager. Brimming over. Turns the computer so John can put two and two together. So John can see what he sees. So John can brim over, too. So they can drown together. The good kind of drowning. The breathing-is-boring kind.
And John will never know. Because Sherlock will never tell him. How can he explain something that has no words or definition? Sherlock has lived his entire life wounded by his intellect, his disdain for others, and their resultant derision. John is a salve. Healing him and hurting him simultaneously. His feelings for John eclipse rationalization, a glimmer of emotion, like atmospheric scintillation. It’s enough to go by, Sherlock thinks, if this is what a fraction of the sentiment John inspires reduces him to. A mess of uncommon nonsense.
Sherlock bites down on the end of John's nose, but not hard. Licks his septum, up the bridge. Kisses John's eyebrow. Navigates his orbital bone with his mouth. Breathing on John's eye before drawing his lips to close around his eyelashes. Allows John to blink his eyelid free. Gasping silently. A non-verbal, mutual agreement and Sherlock's hands are in John's hair. Samples John's tragus. Opens wide like he's going to swallow John's ear. Changes his mind. Whispers instead, "I'll eat you whole."
Sherlock tears the gaudy paper from a small box containing military grade ear plugs. Soft, transparent, almost invisible. Not just noise canceling, but noise isolating. Sherlock expected, well. Something, but not this level of something. Perfunctory gifts usually books or that damned hat. Equipment or maybe a body part. Associated with his whims and interests. No one he’s known personally has ever thought to give him a something so...mitigating. Protecting him from the abyss and the gargantuan effort to claw himself back out.
Sherlock plucks the washcloth from John's hands. Motions for him to turn. Delightfully surprised, John obeys. Sherlock does not move from beneath the showerhead, but he rubs John down with care. Water dripping from his hair and onto John's neck. Considerate hands against his body. And nothing, John believes, could be more intimate.
John’s laptop reveals nothing but porn and bog entries. His office at the surgery, however, yields exactly what Sherlock’s looking for. The fifteenth of March, circled in felt tip. Sherlock steeples his fingers against his mouth. Sifts though his memory. Frown more pronounced when the day neither corresponds with the consummation of their relationship nor Sherlock’s proposal of marriage nor John’s acquiescence.
John cants his hips, kissing every inch of Sherlock’s face. Sighs, “Sherlock” and “oh, Sherlock” and “Don’t go where I can’t find you.”
. (The designation still gives John the willies, and he’s a doctor!) Not too cold, hard and lumpy. Not too warm, soft and runny. Just right. Retaining most of its velvety integrity. Glistening and sumptuous and Sherlock takes the spoon into his mouth, all the way to its transition. Turns the bowl over against his tongue and rakes it clean with his lips. “I have no strong feelings for vanilla ice cream one way or the other.”
“Fine!” John screams. Kicks Sherlock off. “Jesus! Just stop with the whispering. You know how much I hate that.”
Of course he does. It’s obvious. Sherlock can’t help but curl his lip in response. Mycroft sits opposite him in John’s chair. Legs crossed, umber sock garters just visible up his trouser leg. Makes Sherlock want to break something. Of Mycroft’s, preferably. John would not appreciate finding a mess upon his return from the shops.
“Oh, mmm, saddle me up,” John encourages the client haltingly. “I like a nice…” He falters. “…hard bit in my mouth.”
John’s eyes are closed. Relaxing fully under Sherlock’s ministrations. Sherlock cleans his back. His spine. Cataloguing vertebra and counting the near-invisible body hair.
) down here?” Sherlock’s attempt at insouciance is annulled by the huskiness of his voice. He clears his throat while John nips at his chin. “Your reasoning?”
He’s not the only member of the team distracted by the stranger’s sudden appearance. John wonders if he’s a new friend of Deez or if–
, John reminds himself, wincing internally. But the mental reprimand looses its integrity, dissolving under Sherlock’s stare. Caustic during one of his black moods. But today…John decides
John is vaguely aware that Mike has also left the room and John suddenly has the vocabulary of a two-year-old. “Uh. Ah?” He looks behind him, but of course there’s no one there. “Oh. Eh?”
Sherlock exhales through his nose. His breath tickles the hairs on the back on John’s neck. “Simple. I would land on you.”
Chapters to follow: Sartorial, Quotidian, Interlude, Hyoid, Splinter, Cashmere, Stocking, Stockholm, Insuperable, Lapis lazuli, Quintessential, Cross-stitch, Circumlocution, Pizza, Derogatory, Nouveau-riche, Beeswax, Mannequin, Licorice, Elven, Cerulean, Cephalothorax, Wisteria, Mauve, Magnitude, Navigation, Zoom, Albedo, Scintillation, Cirrus, Absinthe, Bonsai, Heliotrope, Paragon, Salacious, Mascot, Zygomatic, Subterfuge, Pristine, Recalcitrant, Aurora, Marigold, Feudal, Opalescent, Butterfly, Wraith, Sangfroid, Mozzarella, Sombrero, Chevalier, Incorporeal, and Omnipresent.
. A tic, a frown. A snarl and he’s on his feet. Stalking John’s romantic table arrangement with avid displeasure. If he can’t fool John, he will antagonize him. Because? No reason. Sherlock doesn’t need reasons, he needs for John not to invite strange women into their flat.
All of his plans. All of his carefully laid plans scattered to the four winds the moment he was shot. He hasn’t planned for the future since. Hard to, really, living with Sherlock Holmes. Working with Sherlock Holmes. Mourning Sherlock Holmes. Loving Sherlock Holmes. Dodging traffic, dashing over rooftops, confronting serial murderers with nothing but a smart mouth and dumb luck. Taking risks.
“W—nothing.” John is flustered. Rocks on his heels, hands stuffed in the pockets of his coat. Must find something interesting stuck to the toes of his shoes because he gives them his undivided attention. “Just.” Emphasizes the T, biding his time. “Thinking.”
John wouldn’t if he didn’t suspect it was an important call. Lestrade’s personal ring tone. He reaches inside Sherlock’s pocket and Sherlock, likewise, wriggles his fingers into John’s. “Lestrade,” John answers dazedly. Watches Sherlock scrutinize the piece of jewelry…and then slip it on.
Sherlock’s brow is pinched, as close to dumbstruck as is possible. It wrenches John’s heart, his wonder. His disbelief. He wants to flatter Sherlock over and over until praise no longer renders him speechless. Renders him indolent, gasping under his hands, his tongue. Unmoored.
Sherlock wishes he didn’t find John’s conduct so charming. It’s inconvenient. “You’re inconvenient,” he grumbles.
John kisses him. Once. Twice. Three times, drawing delightful little buzzes of pleasure hot and fresh from Sherlock’s repertoire of subvocal compliments only John will ever hear. Deepens the kiss, pulling gently at Sherlock’s hair until he complies, angling his face right—
Sherlock smells like shit. John is looking at him with a queer gleam in his eye. This, Sherlock gathers, has absolutely zilch to do with his inner child.
In hindsight, a digital camera set for continuous shooting and a lack of preparation aside from rearranging the living room furniture was not John’s brightest idea. Although, the resulting pictures of Sherlock and John shuffling, glaring, and arguing about whether or not Sherlock should smile produced some ugly, ugly gems for just such an occasion.
Sherlock is silent. The music is sweet. The movement of their bodies even sweeter. Barely. Going nowhere. John doesn’t mind. And neither, apparently, does Sherlock. He trails his fingers up, down John’s jumper. Feels him there with him. Always with him. Sherlock rests his forehead against John’s. They rock in tandem, breathe in tandem. “What are we doing, John?” Sherlock asks again.
Three months after Sherlock’s return, John is bound and determined to force-feed his on-again/off-again flatmate Mrs. Hudson’s shepherd’s pie come hell or high water. He balks when he spies Sherlock’s six-pack of contrition shoved behind a severed leg. The
Sherlock’s stare needs a flat of its own. Way too dense. Way to analytical. And who gave him the permission to make a damn entrance and steal all of the oxygen from the room?
. Neither does he approve of John’s height advantage during an argument. They wrestle for purchase on the steps. Sharp elbows, muffled curses. But invasion of personal space is a lark; the nostalgia of Basic Training strengthens John’s resolve.
He hits play. Purses his lips when he concludes he’s not listening to music. It’s...footsteps. A door opening, closing, and silence.
Sherlock isn’t someone John would consider brimming with holiday spirit so he’s gobsmacked when he finds Billy the skull dressed as Santa on the eve of Christmas. “What’s this?” John sips his wine wile he totters in front of the hearth, waiting for Jeanette.
“I’m not going anywhere,” John says, a touch cross. For being such a genius, Sherlock can be incredibly stupid. “Even if I were, I’m taking you with me.”
Sherlock cares about John Watson. How he's feeling, where he's going, who he's with. John refers to Sherlock's
“Well, you’re doubly amazing.” John drags his nose through Sherlock’s hair, across his forehead. Plants a kiss on the bridge of his nose. Then down, down, returning to Sherlock’s lips and they welcome him back with languid enthusiasm. “God, your mouth,” John continues to lavish Sherlock with compliments. “Your eyes,” he says, pulling back far enough to look into them. “You’re beautiful.”
Sherlock hops in behind him. Or, well. Not hop. Sherlock doesn't hop. He's too graceful to hop. He bounds. Or springs. Or something.
Gobsmacked? Yes. That’s what he is. Gobsmacked. Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond. John is a friend. He enjoys going out with John. Having fun with John is never boring. So why can’t he draw the necessary oxygen into his lungs in order to answer
Sherlock opens John’s memory stick from the desktop. Scrolls through a cache of photographs of himself and John in 221B. Standing with their backs against the smiley-face wall. And the reason Sherlock complied with John’s portrait request had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that John winded himself moving the couch and everything to do with John’s
"John," Sherlock groans, his voice riddled with despondency and bone-crushing tedium only teenagers, Mycroft, or caseless weeks engender. Shuffles up behind John. Thinks about it. Thinks about it some more. Thinks about it so hard his face is already buried in John's hair before he realizes he wants to.
Sherlock tunes her out. He tunes the night out. The tunes himself out until there's nothing left but a single thought.
Leeds John’s acerbic cocktail of multi-surface cleaners can be called thoughtful. What John doesn’t know can’t—
If it were possible to contain John, to draw him compact and complete inside his chest, Sherlock would swallow him whole. Because it hurts. This healing atmosphere after years of restraint, of suffering. Like rubbing salt on an open wound. It hurts. And it’s not getting better, holding John in his arms. It’s getting worse. Elevating, cataclysmic, to the left of his breastbone. A brewing storm in the confines of his chest and his ribcage rattles with every breath. Respite. Begging, please.
“You’re doing what?” Sherlock asks his client. “Oh. No, no, no. Not an optimum manner whereupon you’ll achieve orgasm—“ Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “Clearly, I was mistaken.”
Mostly, he enjoys watching John do things. The oddest things, really. Peel apples, the plumbing. Anything but type entries for his blog, which Sherlock rudely proposes is a sign of devolution.
“Lima syndrome,” John whispers. Or thinks. They’re so close now Sherlock can scarcely tell the difference.
Stupid. Of course Sherlock isn’t okay. Sherlock isn’t okay because John isn’t okay. Sherlock isn’t sure when or how or
“Sorry,” John apologizes before he chases after Sherlock. He wonders if one hundred years of Sherlock Holmes would become boring. Decides it’s not important. Not when Sherlock is informing the theatre manager that the soles of his shoes are ruined and he’s threatening to sue for damages in what appears to be a serious tone of voice, but not really.
John touches Sherlock’s hands. Eases them apart. Fingernails leaving crescent moons on his skin. “You would keep me?”
Sherlock steps closer. Considers his words carefully. “Everything.” It’s barely a whisper. A promise. And a cheeky grin to top it all off.
Sherlock is wearing his safety goggles. John stands aside on the off chance the giant lump of molten bread and cheese combusts because he can hear it hissing and popping unnaturally and he’s taking no chances. It might worry John that Sherlock isn’t too perturbed. It might worry him that Sherlock looks more intrigued than apologetic. (
Sherlock is rattling off the components of honey-based glue when he notices John’s absence. John’s disinterest in monosaccharides, disaccharides, and oligosaccharides is mildly irritating, but Sherlock has bee pheromones to introduce to the turkey legs John maybe-probably won’t eat if Sherlock hides them behind the wenis samples on the second shelf in the refrigerator.
John mimes. Sherlock checks the reflection in the window. Table three, bald German with acute gingivitis. He either has a gun in his pocket or he’s very excited about his lasagna. John isn’t so much mouthing,
Sherlock is inert. Boneless. Undone. Can’t promise John anything. Not the way the world works. He says as much as he drowns, head lolling from the pressure and the pain and the pleasure and—
John chokes on a, “Why?” An odd noise in the pit of his throat. Derelict vowel on the tip of his tongue, on the pad of Sherlock’s index.
“I would have you be the death of me,” Sherlock admits. All the social conventions wither and die because that’s a bit
Not a reprimand. Not blaming Sherlock for living day in and day out with the burden of another human being branded on the backs of his eyelids, bloodied face tormenting him in the dead of the night. No, it’s an endorsement. John believed in him. Believed he wasn’t the fake he said he was. Believed he didn’t commit suicide.
John collapses on the bed beside a considerably less itchy Sherlock. Sherlock gravitates toward him, demanding the removal of John’s clothing with almost-drunken gestures and one-syllable words.
“Does he?” John bends down. Nudges Sherlock’s face with his nose until their mouths meet. Kisses him chastely, the sound of their lips parting, touching. Sherlock’s heart vacates his chest, tries to find a new home in his throat. It’s mildly uncomfortable. Sherlock doesn’t like it. Except not really. Because it’s fascinating. Hasn’t felt this way before. Hasn’t been rendered speechless before. Breathless. Wanting more of something legal, something good, something alive. “He didn’t threaten to break me if I break your heart, did he?” John kisses Sherlock again. A little kiss. Gentle, sipping shallowly at Sherlock’s lips.
He’s desperate. Skin itching, crawling, host to microscopic insets Sherlock tears at with his fingernails. Gouging channels, bleed them out. He steadies himself against the wall. Cold, brick, damp. The smell of mildew and vomit and other bodily fluids he’s probably standing in because his shoes are sticky.
John is a shit actor, but he’s succeeding in making Sherlock smile John’s favorite kind of smile. The one where ‘your face goes all squishy and your eyes all squinty’, which sounds terribly unattractive to Sherlock, but John seems to enjoy inspiring Sherlock’s more squishy, squinty facial expressions lately.
"I...okay." John giggles when Sherlock abandons his earlobe in favor of his cheek, his nostril. Claims his lips while he has the chance. Kisses him earnestly. Laughs outright when the heat seal machine pops open and scares them both.
A change of clothes in the backseat. Two pair of jeans and white button-downs. Sherlock cranks the engine just as John finishes zipping his fly.
Wants to claw at his flesh, break open his body, relieve the pressure and the pain and the pleasure. But he can’t. He won’t. Because it’s John and he would suffer many deaths and resurrections if John just…
Sherlock simulates distress, leaving the table. Head bowed, feints left, tackling the German out of his chair before he can put a bullet through his wife’s head.
Going back and forth on whether I should commit myself to a fic-fic project. I haven't committed to a novel-length anything, typing bits and pieces here and there, but then I started working on this chapter, which is more Kid!lock. So maybe this is the start of something? I have no idea, but I hope so.
Sherlock’s buttons catch on the threads of John’s jumper. Rucking up against his quivering stomach. The sounds they’re making have amplified tenfold, from hushed adulations to monosyllabic invective and sobbing
“Gladstone. I was three years old. Almost four. He bit me. A woman came to take him away. I remember standing at the front door, crying. I didn’t want him to go.”
“Radix pedis diaboli.” Sherlock’s smile has slipped its restraints. John can’t stop staring. “And I didn’t light it on fire,” Sherlock says, sotto voce. “I baked it in the oven.”
I can't tell you how sorry I am. I had to work the weekend and it's not even the busy season yet! I tried to finish the surprise chapter, but it will have to wait. It's getting too long and I can't keep stalling. *hurtles into the sun*
“He said banzai.” John struggles not to laugh. “Which means one-thousand years or something. Not bonsai the plant.” What he means is,
“Lips,” Sherlock answers. He sits primly on the sofa, swathed in a hodgepodge of mismatched blankets. He juts his chin a little, implying John should
Sherlock takes pride in the clothes he wears. Allows nothing but the finest blends to grace his skin. His daily attire is an extension of himself and he is, as John would say, too damn picky.
Sherlock’s compulsion to decorate the flat with skulls does not bother John. Decorating the skulls with unsystematic accessories, however, bothers him quite a lot. Not because he thinks it’s stupid, but because it’s really really cool.
.) So John, learned in cheek, implements revenge. He listens to the prompt: 'You’ve reached Sherlock Holmes. Intrigue me. Your life may depend on it.'
A waiter approaches the table to refill Mary’s wine glass. He must feel the tension between them because he neither asks after John, who excused himself to use the loo, nor inquires whether Sherlock will be joining their party of two.
John is insistent and wonderfully coherent, but Sherlock isn’t ready to believe him. Not until the ambulance arrives and the meds substantiate John’s claims that he’s alright, fine, or any other variant of
John is eating a basket of fish and chips. Licks his fingers, wiggling on the bench. A happy-dance of sorts. Kin to Sherlock’s
, waiving John’s misplaced feelings because John was (and is) John and Sherlock was (and is) hopelessly fascinated by him. Didn’t want John to get the wrong idea. Didn’t want to jeopardize what he knew would bloom into something…dare he think
he confirms the next day. The signs of sex decorating Sebastian’s neck and hands and lips. They do not belong to her. And she knows it. Sebastian remains bright-eyed. He remains in good spirits. Sherlock does not witness her smile for the remainder of his career at university.
of his devotion. Only a fraction. He jumped off of a roof for John, spent three years away from London,
Sherlock grinds the heels of his palms against his eyes. He bows his head, allowing the torrent of water to beat against the back of his skull. He’s spent an inordinate amount of time trying to delete certain words. Lies, same difference. Lies like candy stuck in Mycroft’s teeth.
Surprisingly, Sherlock does not argue or tune John out. He knows it’s fruitless. Just like John knows it’s fruitless to try and explain to Sherlock why it’s a good idea to retain his National Insurance number. Sherlock sits opposite John with a huff.
John is happily eating a basket of fish and chips at present. Sherlock has noticed he executes a happy-dance, of sorts. Kin to his
Sherlock rips the paper out of John’s hands. John is neither surprised nor incensed by Sherlock’s behavior. His hissy fits are old hat, now. “Yes!” Sherlock is persistent. Claws at the arms of John’s chair. Leans forward in an attempt to glean John’s secret telepathically. Which, of course, doesn’t work. But Sherlock can dream. He barks, “Tell me!”
John meets his eyes, lips pressed firmly together. “Oh. About. Yes.” Unsuccessfully curbs a smile. Infective. Sherlock answers in kind. It’s unbearable. “This, tonight. It was nice.”
“Now you’re just taking the piss.” Sherlock fumes in quiet for exactly three minutes. “How do you propose we solve our dilemma?”
“Your hands are freezing,” Sherlock complains. “I bought you gloves. Why aren’t you wearing your gloves?”
This leads to a full-scale war of artistic vision. In a matter of weeks, added to the flat are as follows: A plasticized, human cadaver. A stuffed owl missing its left eye. Russian nesting dolls, which secretly unsettle Sherlock. And a prop engine.
s. Sherlock doesn’t need John’s edification to withstand a blitz of slurs. He survived on his own, mending his self-esteem long before John Watson invaded his life.
A mouse scampers across the living room floor and disappears amongst Sherlock’s discarded sheet music.
Sherlock pours two glasses of wine. Because that’s what one does, apparently, when one is rich enough to get drunk in a bathroom that can rival the magnificence of Taj Mahal. It hits John that he’s sharing a bath with Sherlock Holmes. On their honeymoon. John’s not one to believe in parallel universes, or maybe he is. Because right here and right now seems highly improbable. Until Sherlock sticks his foot in John’s face. Wiggles his toes. Silently asking John to either
John doesn’t have to point out that his bed is warmer because he’s been asleep in his bed for the past three hours; Sherlock is fully aware of the inner workings of the human body, but he’s not about to argue semantics at the buttcrack of dawn. “Where’s Billy?” Sneaks a peek at Sherlock when he feels him settle on his side, the tips of his toes prodding John’s ankles. “Mrs. Hudson. Right. Just. Start at the beginning. Walk me through it.”
John shucks his blanket in the foyer. Steps outside. The humidity of July is unprecedented. He all but wades the half-mile trek over the hill. He knocks twice before Sherlock draws the curtains to verify that,
Dragging Sherlock to the theatre is like pulling teeth. Funny, that. Considering John covered for Sherlock while he nicked molars from a number of dead bodies at Bart’s while Molly was on coffee break. (Not her coffee break, technically. Sherlock’s coffee break. But that’s neither here nor there.)
Sherlock can read John’s unspoken question in the flutter of his eyelids. “It will suit you. Bring out the color of your eyes.”
John makes a flimsy excuse that he needs to sit just so he can reorient himself. It’s suffocating, not being at war. At least, not being at war overseas as opposed to at war with himself.
When John looks at him like he can’t be real. Sherlock’s desire to procure a cerebral spade and dig for buried nuances he’s observed but never committed fully to memory is unprecedented. He wants to know. Now. Right now. What John’s thinking, what he wants, because John Watson is ruining him and it hurts so good
Chapters to follow: Ornamental, Trifling, Soliloquy, Sartorial, and Quotidian. Submit a word if you like. I'm not picky!
. Through and through. “John, I…” Grits his teeth. John exists, soft and strong in all the right ways, and he can say it. He can say it for John. “I love you.”
John smiles apologetically at Sarah. She looks beautiful. Radiant in the candlelight. She orchestrates a
But the point. And it is sex. Sherlock doesn’t care, to put it mildly. John does. Sherlock cares about John. So he will care about their sex life. If there is one.
John hands Sherlock the lockpick. He flexes his aching fingers. Watches Sherlock work magic in the bathroom mirror. Despite his inability to see what he’s doing, handcuffed back to back as they are, Sherlock handles the tool with relative ease. He also takes his revenge on John, pressuring him to kneel on the edge of the tub, his elbows akimbo. (
Sherlock simulates distress, leaving the table. Head bowed, feints left, tackling the German out of his chair before he can put a bullet through his wife’s head.
anything. His gaze is concerted. Intense. Almost as if he’s attempting to see into John’s brain by sheer force of will. John rubs at his forehead absently. Smacks the taste of sleep out of his mouth, the taste of Sherlock out of his mouth.
John turns a page of his paper. Hunting for anything suspicious. Or what Sherlock considers suspicious. “Abandoned car on Whitehall,” he reads.
John’s Sherlock-effused universe collapses on itself, a black hole of emotion sublimating an impression of infinity. It’s just the two of them. One anchoring the other anchoring the other, tethered to a single moment in time.
"Soon," Sherlock says, almost breathlessly. Like he can't believe it. A little introsepction, an inward gaze at the immediate future, the immediate forever, until the two of them are nothing but a memory flyaway in the firmament. Burning brightly, rubies and diamonds. Sherlock's eyes shine like pennies at the bottom of a pool. Treasure, indeed.
s. Fragile hiccups at the start. Vulnerable and tentative, but growing in volume and pitch. Harmonizing in a way that fuels their lust. Sherlock’s voice reverberating on John’s tongue. The heel of John’s hand slick with Sherlock’s precome.
“No, you didn’t.” John tosses the Union Jack pillow on the floor between the coffee table and his chair. “Go on, then.”
Sherlock doesn’t appear to understand, as evidenced by the crease between his eyes John sometimes-but-not-really lovingly refers to as his
frown. “So we’ve got…” Prods at the plastic casings. Filled with more screws than he can shake a stick at. “Big ones. Small ones. Medium sized ones. Bigger ones. Washers. These squiggly bits.”
. Sherlock as John once remembered him annuls the fear of losing his shit. He fights to sustain the phantasm with the desperation of a drowning man, willing Sherlock to linger because no blood, no broken pieces, all there was and will be no more.
Sherlock releases a breath he might’ve been holding for the duration of Victor’s visit. “Thank God.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Ever try to rouse the woman after she takes her soothers, John? Impossible.”
John dabs at Sherlock’s face. An impressive bruise is beginning to form. He resists the urge to kiss Sherlock’s boo-boo; because while he loves nothing more than to yank Sherlock’s chain, he has questions. It would behoove him to keep the mollycoddling to a bare minimum.
John smirks. Sherlock chuckles in spite of himself. “John,” he repeats himself. Less a question, but the query remains on the tip of his tongue. Sweet. Alluring. And John pursues it with a single-mindedness Sherlock loves. He loves. He—
John sticks his tongue between his teeth. Pokes and prods at the pad of Sherlock’s finger. “Someone once told me,” he whispers, like speaking softly will lure the hellish sliver of wood from Sherlock’s aggrieved pinky, “that nothing is impossible. Only improbable.”
It’s John who elects to play mascot. It’s the least he can do, Sherlock decked out in not only a deerstalker but also buttons and whistles and the plasticized grin he wears when he actually envies a member of the criminal classes. Twenty crotch-dumplings are gazing at him in wide-eyed wonder.
John wraps Sherlock’s leg in gauze, surgeon hands siding up to his knees as he stands. Sherlock follows him with his eyes silently.
.) But he’s lazy. And he enjoys watching John do things. The oddest things, really. Peel apples, the plumbing. Anything but type entries for his blog, which Sherlock rudely proposes is a sign of devolution.
John opens and closes his mouth a few times. "Oh...obviously." But he's smiling. Fingers trailing up and down the length of Sherlock's neck.  Their lips meet. And Sherlock starts to sink.
Sherlock’s lips are parted, his face aflame. His eyes are moving rapidly behind his eyelids, barely shut, and he looks as if he’s surrendering himself over to John when he tilts his head back to loll on his shoulders. Completely undone, exposed. This ineffable display of trust spurs John to unknot Sherlock’s scarf, parting it like a curtain to reveal the pale column of his throat. His prominent collar bones. His suprasternal notch beginning to dew with sweat.
John doesn’t like it. Except that he does. He’s not sure how he’s supposed to feel about the conflicting emotions Sherlock often inspires in him.
Sherlock depends on John. Relies on him, reflexively, like he relies on his cardiovascular system to carry blood cells and nutrients through his body. John is Sherlock’s reason for living. Saccharine and sordid and true, unfortunately. Give the man a puzzle and watch him dance. Give the man a friend and watch him die for three years.
Sherlock cracks a grin. His eyes sparkle fetchingly. “Want to see what happens when we drop it from your bedroom window?”
Sherlock stands. Pulls off his latex gloves with a satisfying snap before he rounds on the scum of the earth. “Your ridiculous little opinion has been noted,” Sherlock hisses between his teeth. His anger is roiling inside his chest, climbing higher and higher into his throat. Sherlock wonders if he might shake apart from the force of it. He endeavors to tear the creation a new one, but a syllable from John, a touch from John, and Sherlock holds his tongue.
was applied to all blue pigments. Mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides, early attempts to create the ever elusive sky-blue. Rayleigh scattering, molecules of oxygen and nitrogen and white light. When the pigment cerulean was first invented, it superseded its predecessors most efficiently.
“He doesn’t actually mean safeword,” John explains, encouraging Lestrade to lift his arms, clearing his airways. He gives Sherlock one of his many Looks. This one is a combination of
“I…” Full to bursting. John’s fingernails scratching softly at his shoulders. Sherlock cups John’s face in his hands. Cold, dry, but John’s heat steadily warms them. Warms
Also, please note that it is ‘violators will be prosecuted’, not persecuted. Sherlock either doesn’t care to know the difference or he does know the difference and he prefers persecution.
“John,” he wheezes. “Thank God. I’ve pulled something.” Sherlock turns his face against the carpet, flattening his nostrils against his philtrum. Whatever he pulled must not be incommoding him too terribly, as he contorts his right arm in order to point somewhere between his shoulder blades.
“For God’s sake, this wasn’t even a four!” Sherlock complains, struggling to subdue the man beneath him.
) The courage, Art Nouveau, dangerous, what have you. John was insanely attracted to her profession in the face of her assurances that modeling is a tedious business. Maintaining a single position for hours. Keeping still, keeping quiet.
“Oh my God, John, this is heinous!” Sherlock lounges against the cologne counter, the epitome of scapegrace, and John’s not the only one comparing him to the male models advertising this year’s sensuous new scents. John finds Sherlock’s animal magnetism somewhat funny. (Women, and a fair number of men, find his animal magnetism somewhat arousing.) Sherlock makes sexy an art form. But his lack of interest in sex outside the arena of murder and blackmail is diminutive. Sherlock is asexual—whether or not he identifies as such out of sheer insolence is neither here nor there—but he’s a sexual creature. Sherlock often comments on John’s illogicality, but he’s just as illogical. If not more so.
. It tears at him. Eats at him. And Sherlock is in agony. His mind is his most valuable asset. He’s honed his skills, trained himself to block out sights or smells or noises that have the ability to derail his train…trains…his bloody switching yard of thoughts. Interviewing a nursery school teacher while a dozen children belt
The buttons strain, so close to popping. So very close. And with a gust of breath, a heave of his chest, one button is undone. Sherlock lets out a mewl of relief, eyes hooded. Another gasp of breath as the second button goes. Another undulation, and another, punctuated by breathy little
way. Sherlock’s chin brushing against John’s ear, Sherlock’s hips swaying to whatever music he’s conducting in his mind. Grumbling pissily and fits of rage subdued to mere tremors in his limbs and the belligerent stamping of his feet. Never once steps on John’s toes, though.
Thank you everyone for your continued patience. And for catching my awful mistakes. Spell check has obviously made me very lazy. =)
’. (Which, in this case, yes. They’re synonymous.) Sherlock Holmes may be asexual, but he is also irrevocably in love. There is no negation in that.
For the longest time, John doesn’t perceive the implications. Why would Sherlock resort to filling his head with nonsense like how John’s left ankle makes a grinding noise when he flexes his toes, how John received a pellet gun for his twelfth birthday, how Harry’s pet hamster died and John buried Pete in the backyard with the neighbor’s grilling utensils? Then it hits him like...something hitting something really hard. (John needs to work on his similes.) Sherlock constantly gripes about his hard drive. Finite space for an infinite subject matter. He can’t just
Sherlock stands at the kitchen table. Pressing John's left socks in order of color. The heat from the seal machine divests him of his suit coat and the top two buttons of his shirt. Tugging at his collar. Continues to obsess over his pet project, eyes crinkling when the machine hisses, pops open. Carefully folds the barcoded sock with nimble fingers. He reaches for another. Brown. Rubs the textile with his thumb. Pondering. Lifts the sock to his nose and sniffs greedily before draping it across the hot plate.
After an hour of unmitigated torture, Sherlock traces the call and the murderer is apprehended. “Horses,” he explains to John on the cab ride home. “Butorphanol can be used to treat colic in horses.”
, and John for John. It was enough, at the time, to ascertain that John was his closest friend—a friend worth sacrificing his reputation for, his calling in life for, his very purpose on this earth for. The nights he laid awake on the other side of the world, contemplating what in the hell persuaded him to give up the opportunities to prove his cleverness for one man. One man with a psychosomatic limp and trust issues. It nearly knocked the breath out of him, chiseling away the excuses and the lies guarding his shriveled, little heart. It scares him shitless to think what he won’t do for John.
“Yes, well. Come here.” Reaches for Sherlock. A hand on the back of his neck. The crinkle of receipts under their knees.
Sherlock and Victor catch each other’s eye and laugh with youthful abandon. John is not jealous. No, of course not. His stomach hurts because he has gas. Yes. Or he’s suddenly developed a case of Crohn’s disease in the last five minutes.
Each caress, each kiss. Each roll of John’s hips is his reply. He whispers the words in Sherlock’s ear, “I love you, too.”
“This must be Dr. Watson!” New Money exclaims. Snifter of brandy in hand, he introduces himself as, “Victor Trevor, at your service.” with a smile that could terrify bloodthirsty sharks. “I’ve heard so much about you.”
Sherlock doesn't particularly care, which means he must care a lot. Absently fills a plate with assorted finger foods. Just enough. Not too much. Doesn't want John to suspect. Not that he's paying enough attention to Sherlock to suspect anything.
“You’ve done this before.” Mary leans forward. “You’re jealous. Desperate for his attention. Begging for it,” she chuckles. As if Sherlock’s behavior has reverted him to a child-like status and his jejune attitude toward her is more adorably amusing than problematic. “He’s not interested in you, you know. Don’t be stupid.”
John jolts in his seat. Didn’t realize he’d closed his eyes. His head throbs and his body screams at him to just
A shift of the shoulders, a tilt of the head, as poised and polished as you please. “Really. Do you belong to my little brother, John?”
“Will you forgive me if I tell you I have a very good explanation for my invasion of your privacy?” Sherlock asks when he comes home to find John waiting for him in the living room, his iPod clutched in John’s fist. He’s dimly repentant. Does not believe he’s crossed boundaries that don’t warrant crossing to begin with. Sherlock regards John with mild concern. His apology will not be sincere, if John demands one of him, but he will make an attempt because Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John and Sherlock’s iPod hits the floor in a jarring moment of clarity.
John unfolds the instructions “so simple a child could do it”, according to Sherlock. He turns them upside-down. Right-side up. Garners full use of his
, John thinks when the thief in question has suffered the ol’ one-two courtesy John’s left hook and Sherlock’s pilfered set of handcuffs,
John kneads Sherlock’s shoulders with the heels of his palms. He can feel the tension in his muscles begin to loosen so he steadily applies more pressure, digging his thumbs into Sherlock’s balmy flesh. Sherlock moans appreciatively. Somehow finds it necessary to inform John that Swedish massages are anything but effective. Time to pull out the big guns, then. John plants his elbow in the middle of Sherlock’s back, slides his hand under Sherlock’s left elbow, and
That or Patience Moran’s untimely death has led to a number of unsolved crimes all for Sherlock’s taking. “She wasn’t murdered, John. She was on a detrimental diet.”
“Okay. What’s wrong?” John doesn’t have the energy to wrest a confession from Sherlock. The sight of him cowed and trembling lances his heart so he dismisses wheedling in favor of silence. Waits patiently for him to either shut him out or come clean.
Mary, however, was strictly unimpressed. The moment John was out of earshot, she accused Sherlock of being in love with his flatmate.
He poises to play. Firm bearing, aesthetic lines. Thoughts molten at the base of his skull. Buzzing, chafing. And he can feel the coalescence of unwarranted deductions dripping down his spine, welding his vertebra together. Everything and everyone, crowding in, devouring rational thought. Devouring the cornerstone of his mind palace.
Sherlock fixes that, as he’s so inclined. Epiphanies coagulating on the tip of his tongue, battering the backs of his teeth like a ram. Ostentatious. He never could keep his revelations to himself. He certainly can’t now that there’s a cognizant being sharing rooms with him. It’s John’s fault if he’s out cold when Sherlock is being particularly brilliant.
“I’m afraid I would keep you anyway,” Sherlock blurts. He’s surprised to hear himself divulge this heretofore heavily guarded secret. A bit not good. Admitting he would hold John hostage against his will. Because he would. Or not. Probably not. But he’d try. For a while. Sherlock swallows his uncertainty. Tastes like mercury. Vexed and impatient, he snaps, “Say something!”
He keeps them to remind himself that love—or what workaday people call love—is, at its core, deception. Flattery, sweet nothings, please. Sherlock takes the letters and tosses them in the fire, which is always lit. The paper turns to ash, tendrils of smoke, and the sentiments contained within burst into flames.
at a karaoke bar in Piccadilly so Sherlock could steal a set of keys from under the bartender’s nose. Or maybe it was when John admonished Anderson in the middle of a crime scene for calling Sherlock a freak one time too many. Or maybe it was when John purchased a bottle of wine for Sherlock for his birthday:
“What am I—?” John freezes mid-bite. Drops his half eaten sandwich on his plate. The break room at the surgery is nearly empty. Dr. Potts is nursing a cup a tea, paying John no attention whatsoever. “What are you on about?”
Eventually, Sherlock sits. Legs stretching forever. Drawing whatever is on his mind to an almost-close.
He pinches the bridge of his nose. Strikes through the nuggets and truffles, breaking his mental pen. Might as well tip the illusory jar of ink while he’s at it. Black as pitch. Sherlock dismembers
“Yea-heah!” Deeze wriggles around in his chair along with the music. His eyes raking up and down Sherlock’s undulating body like he’s a tall glass of water on a scorching hot day. John doesn’t blame him, hell. Even Slim, straight as an arrow, is hypnotized by Sherlock’s nimble hands trailing up and down and around the areas Deeze is allowed to touch. Teasing his nipples, raking his nails down his ribcage, his concave belly. Quivering muscles and parted lips.
“I loathe Christmas.” Sherlock abandons his violin. Makes a detour en route to his bedroom. Plucks a shiny, silver star from the box of ornaments and promptly wedges the sparkly abomination inside one of his erlenmeyer flasks. Cracks an evil smile of his own—he has three, total—and proceeds to get dressed.
A week goes by. Neither of them discuss their engagement that’s technically two and a half years old. (Semantics.) John has no doubt in his mind they would have carried on as they had before, content with the knowledge of each other’s unwavering devotion, if not for Mycroft sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong.
Flesh. Flushed and perspiring beneath the sheets of John’s bed. A cocoon of linen, and their broken sighs reverberate in their ears, safe and sound in a tangle of limbs and a nest of pillows and discarded clothing. John loves him as one condemned to die on the morrow. Thoroughly, attentively, casing Sherlock’s lean frame beneath his body. Extols him past the point of no return with
John understands the heart cannot feel pain. Not technically. Angina pectoris, a lack of blood, a lack of oxygen. Generally due to obstruction or spasms of the coronary arteries.
John does no such thing. He makes Sherlock a cup of tea he probably won’t drink, but it’s the thought that counts. Glances from the Kiss N’Tell mobile prescribed to Hyoid, to Sherlock, to the mobile again. John has never seen Sherlock outright fail at something before. He’s a very proficient man. Capable of acclimating to a wide variety of situations when necessary. He learned to drive within minutes, his personas are immaculate, and he even cooked John an edible, hot meal when John was sick with the Flu. He’s good at everything he sets his mind to. Except, apparently, phone sex.
he thinks as he sips his tea, spying on the Holmes brothers from his seat in the kitchen. Their non-verbal to-ing and fro-ing captioned by a quirk of an eyebrow, a tilt of the head, a smirk of the lips.
“Sorry,” John apologizes. He wonders if one hundred years of Sherlock Holmes would become boring. Decides it’s not important. Not when Sherlock is informing the theatre manager that the soles of his Leeds are ruined and he’s threatening to sue for damages in what appears to be a serious tone of voice, but not really.
John catches Sherlock’s wrist before Sherlock can poke him again. He’s not about to admit he was busy playing Sherlock eating their shared dessert in the most ridiculous--and unbearably arousing--way possible on a continuous loop. Really. Who uses a spoon that way? Turning it upside down in his mouth. Dragging it slowly alongside his tongue...
John Watson is there. Rather, everything he knows about John Watson is there. Missing pieces. Frayed threads. He’s not wearing any shoes, either. Sherlock rakes his knuckles against his philtrum. Rests his elbow on the back of his wrist. Fingers drumming against his hipbone. Tchaikovsky. He’s having trouble visualizing a combination of John and love. John and
John bins his dinner. They make for Baker Street, falling in stride. Before they leave the park, John stops Sherlock with a quiet “Um.” and his eyes are trained on the kinky rabbit somewhere to the right of Sherlock’s ear. “Thank you. For.” John shoves his hands in his pockets. “Coming.” A pause, pregnant with implications. “And dinner, of course.”
It would be annoying if Sherlock weren’t so distracted by John’s hair. He’s watching it dry. Actually
When John doesn’t show any signs of comprehension, Sherlock sighs. “I cleared the room on purpose. I needed a better view of the bar.”
“I’m sorry, but you aren’t allowed to pinch my nipples.” Sherlock is offended. “The service is non-refundable. Yes, service. The service I’m providing you!” Before he disconnects, he shouts, “Your father is a disappointing science tutor from Boston!”
“What? No! Of course not. I—“ And for no reason whatsoever, Sherlock’s ability to lie leaves him high and dry. He opens and closes his mouth before he finishes lamely with, “—want to borrow your stethoscope.”
A moment of silence. “Red? Really? I’m sorry, John, but I can’t envision you wearing anything more imaginative than white boxer briefs. No, we have to start over.” Sherlock clears his throat. “What are you wearing?”
Molly offers Sherlock the keys. He thanks her with a gentle kiss on the cheek. “You are indispensable,” he says. Hops into the driver’s seat and sheds his tux coat. “Come on, John. We’re losing daylight.”
Sherlock analyzes. Touches. Tastes. Kisses John’s scar. Fascination bright and scrupulous and burning John’s pleasure receptors at both ends. Hot. Smoldering. Sherlock diverts his ministrations to John’s neck, seamless. Every inch of John as absorbing as the next.
John shot a man. For him. Probably not good, but Sherlock finds John’s sangfroid…impressive? Arousing? Endearing? Romantic? Incredible? Ten? Ten times ten. Good morals. Hand couldn’t have shaken at all. Nerves of steel.
Mycroft stands. Sputters, “Sherlock, this is entirely inappropriate!” He looks to John for assistance. John merely raises his cup, the universal counsel
; he deduces, he deciphers, he disassembles. But lives are on the line. And as the eleventh hour comes to a head, as it is wont to do, John gives Sherlock his blessing (
John smiles. Steps out of Sherlock’s arm, frozen mid-text. Leaves Sherlock alone in the bathroom without another word.
Sherlock is gasping. Ragged exhalations harmonize with John’s bass snoring. His knuckles ache. He draws his bow against the strings, elevates his elbow, inclines the pale column of his throat. Tendons visible in his neck. His fingertips scream against the fretboad, but he presses harder.
Words are powerful. Inflection can make or break a case. Timing, cadence, body language, micro expressions, accents belie more than people realize. Words like a vapor tumbling from their mouths, visible if only to Sherlock. A map he can follow to determine where they live, how they live, and whom they live with. Typically. It’s not a perfect science, but a useful one.
“That was last night, John. Do keep up.” When John does not respond immediately, Sherlock summarizes, “Grave robbers.”
John climbs to his feet. He spits the blood out of his mouth, turns his bike right side up. Sherlock watches and waits, his mercurial eyes sparkling in the wake of John’s theatrical bluster. Lays it on thick, hoping to impress Scapegrace. And maybe, just maybe, Sherlock Holmes will neglect to report John’s trespassing to an authority figure. So he utilizes what his mother refers to as the Watson death-glare. A proverbial cherry on top. Sherlock, however, is as intimidated by John’s posturing as alcohol exclusion laws intimidate Harry. Very little. John is helplessly impressed with Sherlock’s gumption.
“You’re welcome.” John turns over, but he can’t go back to sleep. A small part of him worried Sherlock will take him too literally.
Sherlock grunts. Face pressed into the carpet. The bed, frankly, is a mess, and in a moment of sober genius, Sherlock constructed a nest out of couch cushions and spare bedclothes from the linen cupboard. The case in question isn’t exactly time sensitive. It can wait another hour of two or ten. Sherlock is comfortable. His mind buzzing, a dim reminder he’s behaving like a horny teenager. Running away with John. Elopement. It shouldn’t please him as much as it does, but he finds himself seriously enjoying John’s undivided attention. Even if John’s attention is a lot more hands on than usual.
, and maybe it is. A bit. "You're no better than Mycroft," John told him once. (Sherlock still hasn't forgiven him that particular transgression.)
He hates not knowing why. Realizes John is aware he hates not knowing anything so John relieving Sherlock of his half-eaten plate of risotto, safely depositing their supper on the coffee table, and capturing Sherlock’s mouth may very well be strategic on John’s part. But to what end? That’s the question.
The streets are a symphony of London nightlife. Crisp, autumn air. Teasing Sherlock’s fringe. Aimless conversation gives birth to brave, new worlds inside John’s chest.
Sherlock is thoughtful. John wishes he would contemplate whatever it is he’s mulling over somewhere else. It’s hard to read through Sherlock’s legs. “Does the floor have to be lava?”
Sherlock pads closer, abandoning his microscope. Something more interesting has caught his attention. Grey hairs, in particular. Reaches out to touch, leans in to smell. To taste. Kisses the back of John’s head.
Sherlock eyes John wryly. Then he nuzzles closer. Breathes in John’s scent. “How do you feel about bees?” he asks in John’s oversensitive ear.
Sherlock makes love like no one John has ever known. Most people associate intimacy with sex or the physical aspects of a romantic relationship. Sherlock associates intimacy with an intense familiarity that goes beyond a memorization of facts, committing to memory thoughts and feelings and honest to God pablum.
John glares. Sherlock knows from firsthand experience that sheets conceal next to nothing…sometimes.
He bangs his humerus against the kitchen table. Pain. Radiating down his arm. Better. Much better. Tactics he remembers well from his Afghan days. Standing watch in the middle of the night, nothing but adrenaline and bad coffee to keep him awake. Kneeling on the ground, making himself uncomfortable. The best way to stay alert.
“If the floor is lava,” Sherlock says, redistributing his weight so that’s he’s straddling John’s lap, his bony feet digging into John’s thighs. “Then you’ve lost your legs.”
Has no intention of eating. As he’s wont to do, Sherlock disrupted John’s meeting with Ms. Morstan, a fabricated narrative his excuse to trouble John for his opinion regarding a set of crime scene photographs. John, as
John reads the sticky note in reference to the milk. Worries his bottom lip between his teeth. Bites down hard to stymie foul language swarming inside his mouth. He slams the refrigerator door shut.
John makes vague hand motions at Sherlock behind Mrs. Hudson’s back. (Sherlock shrugs.) Pats Mrs. Hudson on the shoulder. Doesn’t know whether he should say
Sherlock very rarely finds it necessary to assign anything capital letters, let alone italics, but there are exceptions. Like
They both groan in unison and they’re kissing. Kissing and kissing, their mounting cries muffled for the briefest of moments before their burning lungs force their mouths to part with a wet pop.
’s of the evening. “No touching below the belt. Do not restrict my arms. No kissing. No slurs or pet names. Abide by these rules and we’ll get along swimmingly.” His smile is quick and perfunctory and kind of creepy.
The next morning, John finds Sherlock asleep under the covers wearing nothing but his pants. At some point during the night, John assumes he solved whatever it was that needed solving and—dispossessing himself of sleep for three days straight—assented to crash in John’s room, forsaking his pajamas en lieu of shucking his very expensive clothing at the foot of John’s bed. They sleep together every once in a while. Amorous activities, no cases to solve, but the sight of Sherlock’s messy head of hair resting on John’s pillow is still a novelty.
Sherlock’s heart shudders soundly in his chest. His feels it down to his toes, curling them against the balls of his feet. Steady, steady on. John kisses his mouth. Sherlock gapes. Gasps. Shudders segue to leisurely waves of peace and happiness and more. More than more. Everything. Sharp elbows and hot breath. Liquid gold kisses and electric blue fingertips. Skating down his neck, over his chest, his
Romantic gestures, words of affirmation, terms of endearment. Discarded, left fermenting in the deepest and darkest reservoirs of Sherlock’s hindbrain.
“Who, me?” Like there’s another moron stuck inside an industrial freezer. “Um. Yes. Actually, Daniel Craig’s my favorite.”
Sherlock associates intimacy with an intense familiarity that goes beyond memorization of facts, committing to memory thoughts and feelings and honest to God pabulum.
John opens the frige. Looks over his shoulder. Shoves the new milk between the zucchini and the beer. “Children?”
Sherlock is speaking animatedly about his first, official case with the Yard. John has never heard this story before and he’s hanging on Sherlock’s every word. Sherlock never does anything by halves. He’s either on or off, traveling hundreds of kilometers an hour or standing perfectly still. So he’s capable of talking while barely moving at all. A nigh twitch of his lips. This evening, however, cedes the more energetic, the more passionate side of Sherlock. Arms waving, fingers splaying, gesticulating with his entire body. Poetry in motion. The lights cast Sherlock in a lovely glow. Purple. Wisteria, maybe? John doesn’t know. But it’s pretty.
That’s because Sherlock’s idea of observing John is peppering his throat with kisses and then stopping to ask when it was he broke his clavicle. How it felt. Where it hurt. How long it took to heal. John can’t blame Sherlock his curiosity. Asking John probing questions is more personal, more significant, to him than sex. (Not that he doesn’t enjoy sex from time to time, but the fact remains.) John not-so-secretly enjoys Sherlock’s queer inquisitions. As long as Sherlock wants? Could mean several hours of intellectual intercourse.
Sherlock is intrigued. The texture of John’s tongue is altogether new to him and frankly? He likes it. He really likes it. Shoves his fingers deep in John’s mouth, explores the insides of his cheeks—gouges left from unforgiving teeth—the backs of his molars, salivary glands. John protests at first. Gags Sherlock’s name. Eventually accepts the invasive examination and returns to his work.
They can’t stop laughing once they’ve started and it takes John several attempts to free his arm from Sherlock’s trousers, which makes it even funnier. John clings to Sherlock for support. Shoulders shaking, eyes brimming with tears. John prefaces even more laughter with,
“You’ve done this before. You’re jealous,” Mary giggles. As if Sherlock’s behavior has reverted him to a child-like status. His jejune attitude toward her more amusing than challenging. “It’s adorable.”
“This will probably come as no surprise to you, John, but I’m not the most compassionate person in London.”
Sherlock draws himself to his full height. Towers over John. A reasonably low blow, all things considered. “Go on, then.”
Sherlock scoffs. “Nice. Nice is a word used to describe one of your dull acquaintances or your great aunt Silvia’s handmade doilies.” He taps a beat on the doorknob, his patience wearing thin. “John, you didn’t have to accompany me if that’s what you’re getting at.”
“I can see why he wanted to kill her,” Sherlock mutters. “She has a mean right hook. Best. Date. Ever.”
John pauses for thought. “Yes, I think so.” Sweeps the trash in the bin beside the loo. “Only one thing can make it better.”
, John thinks—Sherlock’s boundless poise and grace casting a spell on the variability of his musings—
"John..." Sherlock forces himself to inhale. Exhale. This is the not-good kind of drowning. The kind where breathing isn't boring because it hurts so bad his feet are numb in his Leeds. Sherlock shifts his weight. Like he's lost his footing. Like he's hurtling into space standing stock still, opening and closing his mouth and then clenching his teeth because he will not permit himself to gape like an idiot. Only he is an idiot. An idiot for making John worry needlessly. For making John look at him the way he's looking at him now. Like the stars are falling from the sky.
Their audience has lost interest in their food. An out-and-out soap opera is unfolding before their eyes.
Sherlock dips his chin. Touches his forehead to John’s, creating a pocket of air. Water drizzling over their shoulders. “Mm,” he murmurs, which is all he’s been capable of for the past twenty minutes because John is finally his, his, his and he’s been busy insinuating a certain term into his extensive vocabulary, among the words he may now use to describe John Watson. Doctor, soldier, friend, lover,
Sherlock moves into position. On John’s, “Three!” he heaves the couch off the ground and John dives for the—
John cards a knuckle down the cleft of Sherlock’s arse. Or where the cleft of his arse would be if his trousers weren’t so damned tight.
Sherlock deposits his half-empty glass on a passing tray without looking. He doesn’t need to, really. He’s consciously aware of everyone in the room, regardless of their position on his Relevance Scale because
Sherlock turns over on his back. Lays his head in John's lap, legs dangling off the end of the exorbitant settee. John cards his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock is a creature of convention, sartorially speaking. Socks organized and indexed in the top drawer of his bureau. Shirts laundered, starched, and spaced intermittently inside his closet. Suits pressed, arranged by thread count, buttons polished, the works. Not that Sherlock breaks so much as a sweat coordinating his wardrobe. Dry cleaner owes him a favor. He hasn’t done his own laundry in over seven years.
Sherlock can’t stand it. Absolutely cannot stand it. Wants to claw at his flesh, break open his body if only the pressure and the pain and the awful, awful, awful tepidity! Luke warm, spit it out of his mouth, but he can’t. He won’t. Because it’s John and he would suffer many deaths and resurrections and untold amounts of boredom if John will just…just.
. (If he’s capitalizing willy-nilly, he might as well go whole hog.) Focuses on the fact that John is going to kiss him. (Or maybe punch him. John does surprise.) Sherlock is all thumbs when it comes to sentimentality and its trappings he eschews, but he can interpret a shift of the eyes, a nibble of the lip. Micro expressions. John wants him.
Sherlock says it. Quick. Like ripping off an Elastoplast. “It would seem I’m in love with you.” As if announcing he has a terminal disease.
John walks backwards. Avoids stepping on Sherlock’s mobile and maneuvers around the coffee table without incident.
John brushes his teeth. Up and down, neat and precise. It makes Sherlock absurdly happy. He doesn’t like it. One night and suddenly the everyday and the ordinary and the mundane aren’t so mind-numbingly monotonous. Sherlock wants to cut them out and hoard them in secret places no one else can find even though they serve no purpose. It pisses him off.
This is a conclusion to Coffin. I apologize for the randomness--for any drabbles that are predominantly strange. I'm kind of an oddball. But I like me so that's okay.
. Sherlock tosses the letters into the fire. Ash, tendrils of smoke, and the sentiment bursts into flames.
Still. He feels the weight of their eyes on his cane. The unasked questions. War and death don’t belong here. He’s not even sure
.) He’d almost forgotten home manifests itself in the shape, the sound, the scent of his dearest friend and John retreats. Damn near takes Sherlock’s heart with him. Lurching like it yearns to follow, to minimize the distance between the two of them because nothing on this Earth will separate Sherlock and John so cruelly ever again.
John fails to stifle his giggling. Little gasps of delight directly against the mouthpiece. Directly into Sherlock's ear. Straight to his brain, lighting up his large-scale neural networks. "I...may've...punched your old pal from Uni in the face."
Sherlock adjusts his grip. Additional pressure and kneading, kneading until John groans aloud. John isn’t a particularly vociferous lover so Sherlock believes he’s entitled to a smug chuckle, a deep rumble in his chest. John, adversely, does not. Glares at Sherlock down the expanse of his bare chest. Sherlock digs the pad of his thumb against the arch of John’s foot in retaliation.
“Oh, c’mon.” John drops his hand and nudges a potato. “I skive off and solve crimes with you all the time.”
. Sherlock will not tell him so because he doesn’t know how. Can’t even articulate a decent idiom because gold doesn’t interest him, puzzles do, and puzzles only weigh heavy on Sherlock’s mind; the comparison is moot. It angers Sherlock that John regards himself poorly when he’s far more precious to Sherlock than any riddle, enigma, or murder the world has to offer.
Sherlock knows what John is thinking. Probably based on the hue of his tracheas or something. “Redecorated.”
John kisses the corner of his mouth and Sherlock breathes him in. Doesn’t kiss him back, just breathes. Parting his lips. A taste. A little taste. An electrical shock. Ventricular fibrillation. Isn’t used to the cloying need of reassurance. Steals his breath even as John restores it. “I would let you go,” Sherlock admits, chest heaving. Doesn’t realize he’s told the truth until after he speaks the words on John’s tongue. Genuine surprise, a gasp of regret. Or delight. He’s not sure. Why would he do that? Why would he let John go if John wanted to leave?
Sherlock’s words hang in the muggy air between them, amorphous and nonsensical. John shakes his head. “Who asked you about tights?”
The boredom incubating inside Sherlock’s resplendent mind slowly corrodes his good sense. When he argues how mauve
“God, yes.” John is lightheaded. It’s like an out of body experience and he’s dizzy with it. Inspiring Sherlock to maintain his rhythm with helpful little tugs on his belt loops.
God, how ordinary people must function! Caring interminably! A superior specimen though he may be, Sherlock is incapable of compartmentalizing the gratitude and admiration and sheer joy John arouses in his heart, his head, his bloody toes for all Sherlock knows. Every square inch hyperaware. Points of contact, live wires. The feedback nearly sends Sherlock over the edge. Scream with the intensity of it. Shout, bite, curse as he dissolves under the naked affection in John’s voice when he says, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock tilts his head to one side, languid, cataloging everything and wrecked beyond belief. Watches his body quaver and move of its own accord, unashamed in its pursuit of John and John and
I've decided the best I'll be able to promise you guys is one chapter a week during Prom/Wedding Season Apocalypse 2013. (March, April, and May.) This one is short, unfortunately, but starting next week my chapters will be longer (hopefully) and more consistent (hopefully). Thank you for your patience. You all are due a surprise and--while it is taking a while--I will inform you that John plus Sherlock plus formalwear is coming along nicely.
“The ring, it’s…” John loses his train of thought when Sherlock all but pushes him onto the sofa. Crawls up his body, fingering rib six like he’s playing Beethoven’s
Sherlock is confident he’s hallucinating. Drugged. Tripping on acid. Cocaine. Jonesing for nicotine at the very least.
) Sherlock apparently doesn’t give a toss. That or he’s deleted all traces of self preservation because he's panting from the heat like air hunger doesn’t faze him in the slightest.
Sherlock shoots her a withering look. “Buttercups are dicots,” he presses on. “Petals multiples of four or five. In this case, five.” He nicks a buttercup from the vase.
And it’s John, John, John. Over and over and over again until Sherlock is speaking his name with such reverence. Tightens his grip. The wool of his jumper beneath his fingernails.
arse. To inadvertently embarrass Sherlock by way of Lestrade or Molly or Mycroft (Not that Sherlock would text Mycroft.) is the last thing John wants.
Sherlock grinds the heels of his palms against his eyes. He bows his head, allowing the torrent of water to beat against the back of his skull. He’s spent an inordinate amount of time trying to delete certain words he heard that afternoon. Words, lies, same difference. Lies like candy stuck in Mycroft’s teeth.
Grips the keys tight in his fist. Biting into his skin. A moment of heart-pounding anxiety. Not fear. Never fear. Actualization. This is happening. They are happening. Sherlock reminds himself to breathe. Manual override. Conscious of every step they’re taking, walking in synch. Across the sweeping expanse of gardens and (apparently) waterlogged ruins of homesteads past. Archaic motes swollen from excessive rain, the smell of earth ripe with budding life, flora and fauna.
Sherlock will not remember the events leading to John’s impromptu tagging, but he will feel strangely important when he looks at himself in the mirror the following morning. Nothing. Not his finest shirts, his best suits, his pricey socks. Absolutely nothing comes close to evoking a sense of value comparable to John’s tidy scrawl.
John is in the midst of a (he refuses to call it a) meltdown. His heart leaps into his throat when he hears Sherlock return. Practically in his mouth, on his lips when he says, “We don’t have to.” because he will not loose his best friend over cold feet.
Sherlock kisses him when he least expects it. John has yet to determine if Sherlock is experimenting on him or not. Hardly matters. Misses the hook on the back of the door and his coat falls to the floor with a
s. Sherlock doesn’t need John’s edification to withstand a blitz of slurs. He survived on his own, mending his self-esteem long before John Watson invaded his life.
Sherlock shoves the pillow in his face. A tactical error because John wrests it from him easily enough and now there's nothing at all between them, is there? Stupid, stupid!
“Victor is trying to convince me I’m their hero. Thinks it will persuade me to lecture them about not abusing drugs and stranger danger—“ (John sucks on his lips to keep from snorting.) “—and looking both ways before crossing the street…”
, which gives Sherlock a sick sense of satisfaction to retain a term so unapproachable. It has served him well in the past. He does not plan to discard it now.
After an hour or two or…okay. After exactly one hour, fifteen minutes and twenty-three seconds, Sherlock leaves his room and sits opposite John at the table. The candles are still lit, burning low. The roast is marinating in its lukewarm juices, the aroma of potatoes and carrots and red wine titillating Sherlock’s sense of smell. Tickling the back of his throat.
Sherlock is breathing hard, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He runs his fingers through his hair and asks, “Who’s next?” He turns his attention to John and saunters in his direction.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft begins. The ellipsis hovers between them. Like bullet holes in limbo. “Put him back.”
in the English language. Sherlock can’t tear his eyes away from the blood dribbling down John’s nose, his neck, staining the collar of his shirt a shade of red all too familiar. Hexadecimal codes, rooms of swatch-wallpaper adorning his Mind Palace. Cut crooked, overlapping, tacked with bits of bone. And he stitched the button hole of his coat himself. Sherlock knows. He knows how much blood is too much. (Doesn’t he? What if he’s wrong? What if John’s bleeding to death? Would John tell him? Would he lie? Sherlock would. He would lie.)
Sherlock watches John use his 10-in-1 as a hammer. His face “goes all soft”, per John, and a surge of affection catches him unawares. “John,” he starts. “Would you stay if I—“ Tries again, reduced to stammering by the raw honesty in John’s eyes. “What if I couldn’t—“ Frustrated. “If I couldn’t give you what you need. What you want. Would you stay?”
When Sherlock dragged the aforementioned distracted John out of their flat to attend an art course because “Four of the last five models that posed for Miss Haversham’s figure painting class have turned up missing.” John didn’t think for one second he would be participating since he can’t draw stick people to save his life. Knows next to nothing about tempera or acrylic or oil paints. He was vaguely concerned that Sherlock would lift some terpenoid, but it never crossed his mind Sherlock would introduce himself to the smattering of students as a connoisseur from France, complete with accent, and John as their male model for the evening.
John meets his eyes, lips pressed firmly together. “Oh. About. Yes.” Unsuccessfully curbs a smile. Infective. Sherlock answers in kind. It’s unbearable. “This, tonight. It was nice.”
from 1-800-Kiss-nTell’s employee roster have overdosed on butorphanol, which John recalls is used to treat migraines.
Sherlock feints around the table. John purses his lips, his glare something of a stimulant to Sherlock’s otherwise dormant sense of self-preservation. Sherlock makes his escape through the living room.
It’s too much. It’s way too much for Sherlock, who never imagined someone—anyone—could (or would) worship him like this. John cants his hips, kissing every inch of Sherlock’s face, panting, “Sherlock” and “oh, Sherlock” and “Don’t you ever go where I can’t find you.”
“I know,” Sherlock whispers with more solemnity than he garners for the murdered dead. And that must mean something, John thinks.
The movie stops abruptly. Members of the cinema staff make a beeline for their seats. Shine flashlights at them unnecessarily. “Gentleman, I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
He puts his violin away. Feels not-exactly-guilty for John’s waiting up. Not his fault. (Conversely, he hopes it is. Hopes everything John does is his fault.)
“No, you don’t.” John clasps his hands behind his back. Rocking on the balls of his feet. He’s really enjoying their toing and froing because he’s right, dammit. Leans forward, meeting Sherlock’s contentious expression through the busted window of a 1988 Honda Civic. “This looks like something you would do.” A mental image of Sherlock participating in the programme
, to rip the sensation out of his body. No, Sherlock wants more. More is better. More is good. He pulls John closer. And closer John remains.
John looks at Victor’s card. His printed name is as bold and lurid as he is in person. “Trevor Enterprises,” John reads. “What does he do, exactly?”
Sherlock wakes to the sound of water boiling. He doesn’t remember falling asleep. He vaguely recalls John mentioning something about a celebratory dinner in honor of their anniversary, which appeals to Sherlock about as much as a mental imagine of Anderson wearing a diaphanous teddy. Not that he doesn’t understand the one-year milestone of a relationship, particularly their relationship. He does. He just thinks it’s superfluous. Like birthdays or Christmas.
, initially. And sex with Sherlock was sporadic at best in the beginning. Just as sharing a bed slowly became the norm, the more physical aspects of their relationship evolved over time. (John does not initiate without Sherlock's permission. Likewise, Sherlock is more attune to John's needs and strives to satisfy him in spite of his libido. Because it's John. There's always data to be gathered about John. Plus, Sherlock's always willing to let John spoil him.)
John undresses Sherlock slowly. Loves him slowly, thoroughly. Once it’s been said, it’s easier to say again and again and again, punctuating John’s hands just there, his mouth on his—
John blinks. He blinks again. Assumes Sherlock is referring to a lie in. How he’s forcing himself—literally forcing himself, if the tremors in his arms and legs are any indication—to stay in bed, doing something he would otherwise abhor. Like laundry, or the dishes, or the shopping. Sherlock frowns, recalcitrant.
Sherlock orders his clothes from a catalogue. A fancy catalogue. John does not begrudge him this. Sherlock is a grown man who earns money and should spend his income how he chooses. The catalogue is esoteric. Beautiful people living in a beautiful world of culture and upper crust-ness. John has never challenged Sherlock’s brand loyalty until he sees an advertisement that looks somewhat familiar to him.
John is beyond confused. But perfectly content lost in the dark, considering. Doesn’t stop Sherlock from explaining to him, in depth, how three
John huffs. Weighing his morals and his devotion to Sherlock. Stands guard amidst his internal struggle because Sherlock trumps. “What’s our new
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. Bats John's query to the wayside with a flap of his hand. "I wouldn't call it a case."
John scrutinizes Sherlock, whose arms are peevishly folded across his chest. “The objective is to get to the other side of the room, you know.”
John hates his alias. John hates Sherlock’s alias. John hates Sherlock. “A minute,” he hedges. Drops his pants. But forget nudity. He doesn’t care if Sherlock is praising his expertise as a model. A real tour de force. Really Sherlock, damn it? John dated a professional model once. Sexy as hell, he thought at the time. Not the nakedness, per se. (
Sherlock peers over John’s shoulder. Carapace. Cephalothorax. Head, thorax, abdomen. Basically an overgrown cockroach of the sea. “Hard to imagine they smell worse dead.”
--John's hands on his waist. Rolling his hips. Frisson. Sherlock throws his head back against the mattress. Rising, soaring through his stomach, his lungs, his throat. Gasping for breath. "John." Sink, fall, float, resurface. (
John is tucked against his side. One arm draped across his waist. Kisses the back of his neck. “I’m sorry,” he says against Sherlock’s skin. “I can’t…”
) who cradles her chin atop interwoven fingers. Imperturbably. Like she’s one up on him. Sherlock doesn’t have time to waste; he will not rejoinder with passive-aggressive body language. Undertones contending that John Watson his HIS. Belongs to HIM. And she—with her little, black dress and fuck-me slingbacks—will have no stake in John’s future if Sherlock has any say in the matter. “A rather bold assumption. We’ve only just met.”
Of course he does. It’s obvious. So obvious it’s painful and Sherlock can’t help but curl his lip in response. Mycroft sits opposite him in John’s chair. Legs crossed, umber sock garters just visible up his trouser leg. Makes Sherlock want to break something. Of Mycroft’s, preferably. John would not appreciate finding a mess upon his return from the shops.
John takes Sherlock to Angelo’s. Not exactly creative. Sherlock keeps his mouth shut. Sits in his usual spot. Tries to suss John out. Not his style. John prefers lavishing his dates with expensive, three course meals he can’t afford. Piano music, candlelight, and the susurrus of intimate conversation somewhere in the dark.
John rubs. Hard. Sherlock shoots him a sullen look and reels his long shanks to his end of the bath. Not sure why John’s un-obliging behavior compels Sherlock to start experimenting with the bath products. John doesn’t mind. Just as long as Sherlock allows him to relax, too.
), music, conversation, touch. Nothing John said or did could draw Sherlock from the depths of his radiant intellect, a slave to the workings of that great brain of his.
When Sherlock approached him with another art-related investigation—one far removed from penile dismemberment—he thought it would be one of those relatively painless cases. You know. The kind where Sherlock makes an appearance, identifies the culprit, and departs in a span of minutes. John only refers to these prompt episodes of deduction as
Sherlock takes off his coat. He rolls up his shirt sleeves. Kneels down beside John, balancing on the balls of his feet.
, as the flyer in John’s back pocket guarantees. Masochists survive the Tilt-O-Whirl, clinging to one another for support. Secret sweethearts are ushered from the Hall of Mirrors under penalty of arrest for indecent exposure.
John kisses him fervently for giving voice to the latter. Their pocket of air is compromised, but it's fine. It's all fine.
. Sherlock squirms. The pressure amassing, threatens to consume him. The tipping point. Sherlock braces himself, teetering on the brink of feelings and emotions he never let himself succumb to before John.
"No...I mean." (Sherlock imagines John is licking his lips.) "I'm at the Yard. I need you to post bail."
Mrs. Hudson dabs her watery eyes on the insides of her wrists. Withdraws an envelope from her dress pocket.
He pinches the bridge of his nose. Strikes through the nuggets and truffles of John’s heart, breaking his mental pen. Might as well tip the illusory jar of ink while he’s at it. Black as pitch. Sherlock dismembers
message, John!” Sherlock breathes deeply through his nose. Pugnacious, hammers the table with his fist. “I hope you choke,” he hisses between his teeth.
Sherlock glances at John. And, dammit, something about him softens. Eyebrows furrowing and the gentleness in his eyes surmises the intensity of their bond for but a moment. The cold mask of indifference resurfaces. But it fools no one. “Fine. What do you want me to do?”
And Sherlock flicks his wrist. An attempt to break free, but John sees it coming. He doesn’t give Sherlock an inch, the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth a bit dangerous, a bit...flirty. Still, they tussle. John struggles to maintain his advantage while Sherlock endeavors to out maneuver him. Toing and froing, back and forth. Panting and--
Stirs himself conscious. Breathes deep through his nose. Evaluates the stages of sleep John undergoes in the wee hours of the morning, the expanse of cotton sheets ablush with the nightlife of Baker Street. Specters of headlights span across the walls like some kind of Arthurian beast John always goes on and on about.
Sherlock watches John use his 10-in-1 as a hammer. His face “goes all soft”, according to John, and a surge of affection catches him unawares. “John,” he starts. “Would you stay if I—“ Tries again, reduced to stammering by the raw honesty in John’s eyes. “What if I couldn’t—“ Frustrated, knuckles turning white, grip intensifying. “If I couldn’t give you what you need. What you want. Would you stay?”
For the longest time, this chapter read: His pants are neatly pressed. Because, yes. John Watson presses his pants.
Sherlock is saltpetre, sulphur and charcoal. A flash of gunpowder and smoke. Drawing breath into his lungs, strong and uncompromising and
John remembers the first time he held a needle and thread. His mother learned how to cross-stitch from his grandmother, who made a living as a seamstress. Maybe needlework is in his blood, he has no idea, but it is no coincidence that he can stitch a wound with startling proficiency.
John chuckles. Pulls Sherlock down to straddle him where he lies. Splays his hands across Sherlock’s ribcage, holding him carefully, protecting him completely. Guides him across the mattress until John’s looking up into his eyes. Sherlock’s robe encases their torsos, slipping off his shoulders. “We can steal one of Mycroft’s cars. Drive off a cliff.”
Sherlock wishes he didn’t find John’s conduct so charming. It’s inconvenient. “You’re inconvenient,” he grumbles.
. Somehow, he thought the beautiful chaos that occaionally constricts his lungs would change his opinion of John. Or of himself.
way. Like when John was dating the one with the spots; he used to watch (Or sit through, tomato-tomata.) a television programme that catered to ‘the artistic nuances of vogue-oriented fashionistas’. (So primarily women. But John isn’t sexist.) The contestants created the most insane, the most innovative dresses and coats and real people don’t think like that.
Sherlock shuts his eyes tight. Preserving the raw twinge John leaves behind. Wavers where he sits. John holds his face in his hands. Watery laughter dancing in Sherlock’s ears. “You look like shit.”
Sherlock is sprawled on the couch, thinking. The catalogue is open in his lap, forgotten while he parses whatever or whomever he’s parsing. John thumbs through the
“Good. Okay.” John coughs into his fist. Sherlock might as well be the bloody Poster Boy for Doggedness. His embarrassment is as effective a deterrent in his quest to pillage John’s mind on the rudimentaries of tongue-on-tongue as Mycroft’s dietitian deters cake. (Not at all. Unfortunately.) John makes another attempt: “Imagine you’re kissing science.”
Bow in hand. Limber fingers. He intends to pour is very soul into unearthly screeches until he feels like a real person again.
But bliss. Pure, unadulterated bliss. Pristine. Flowing through his veins like taffeta, feather down, like corpulent threads of gold spooling and un-spooling and tying his nervous system in a double sheel bend. A smile, witty repartee. John Watson is arguably more addictive than any opiate Sherlock has smoked, popped, snorted, or injected.
Mrs. Hudson prattles on about setting a date and where Mrs. Turner’s Married Ones exchanged vows and cakes and catering and guests and Sherlock cares for Mrs. Hudson as deeply as he cares for his own mother, but she needs to
, pfft. He doesn’t. Not remotely. Because Sherlock is still recovering from a broken rib, courtesy Aldelbert Gruner.
“Ah!” Sherlock’s eyes widen. Prodding again. “Aurora Borealis.” His fingertips supplement, probing the corners of John’s eyes. “Pretty.”
John looms, bracing his arms on either side of Sherlock’s shoulders. He hasn’t fallen asleep yet. Or he stirred awake when John regained consciousness. John wouldn’t have bothered saying “Hi.” otherwise.
Sherlock corners John in the bathroom as he’s brushing his teeth. “What are your favorite sexual positions?” While John’s spitting up his lungs, Sherlock reiterates, “This has absolutely nothing to do with a present. I’m asking because I’m curious.”
Sherlock shushes him. Bites down on his bottom lip to keep from grinning like an imbecile. But he has to admit. This is fun. More than fun. This is ideal.
I should probably change it to: Updates daily unless work or life intervenes. Sorry for the delay! Admittedly, I stole this scene from Kim Possible.
He broods while John uses the last of the beeswax around his chin. “Listen…I…” John fights a smile. “Thank you. For letting me in on this one.”
as he is pulling a face that speaks volumes of heroism and Sherlock stamps on his foot when the German reaches for his concealed weapon. (
John can’t decide if cerulean is case-related or something Sherlock thinks Lestrade would phone them about at half three in the morning off the record.
John stretches. He’s been typing on his laptop for the better part of an hour. Three paragraphs completed. Sherlock’s stomach twists in helpless adoration and amusement. John flexes his fingers. Pops his knuckles one at a time. Sherlock doesn’t know why. He only uses two.
Sherlock rests his hand on John’s back. Feels him breathing in and out, in and out. Music to his ears. John’s existence inspires him to compose the final movements of Franz Schubert’s Symphony No. 8 in B minor. A right mess. Because really? Sherlock would be ashamed of himself if he weren’t so stunned by the enormity of John’s effect on him.
John can’t help but notice half the Yard is watching them closely. Too closely. And not because Sherlock is a thief. (
John takes a pen out of his pocket. He draws a skull in the window of the homey cottage in the corner of the painting. “There. That’s more like it. More you.”
John pauses for thought. “Yes, I think so.” Sweeps the trash in the bin beside the loo. “Only one thing can make it better.”
“John…” Sherlock attempts. He sweeps his eyes up and down the couch. No place to sit. John is being unaccommodating. Perches on the edge of the table instead. Pats John’s shoulder three times. Because three is always nice. (
When Sherlock pouts, he wants everyone to know it. Doesn’t regulate a strop just to one room. Doors wide open, limbs strewn most inconveniently across the couch or the kitchen table or the bed, and if John dares to shut himself in the bedroom upstairs, Sherlock resorts to his violin.
“Stitches are superficial.” Sherlock laughs mirthlessly, slamming the door closed. Locks them inside. “So help me, John. If you die—“ He’s at a loss for words. Sherlock is rarely, if ever, at a loss of words. Crowds John where he sits. His bony knees grinding John’s legs into the side of the table. “I hope it was worth it. Brilliant. Really.”
He endevors to kiss him on a regular basis, The Work permitting. Sherlock’s sleep schedule is haphazard at best, but Sherlock conducting experiments at the kitchen table in the early A.M. is as certain as gridlock at rush-hour. His lack of response to John’s display of affection is typical. He has his reasons for vocalizing his approval (
Wow. Okay. Obviously some sort of experiment Sherlock is conducting at the flat. John faintly remembers Sherlock saying something about a case last night, but it was late and he can’t remember the details. Something about phone calls. Must correlate. Somehow. John only has fifteen minutes left for lunch and he’s hungry and he’s not going to start wheedling for fine points. “Uh. Jacket, shirt, trousers, tie, socks, shoes, pants.”
Sherlock firmly believes there is no possible way for John to feel as deeply and as destructively as Sherlock feels for John because John is a good man. An honest man. But there’s no doubt in his mind that it’s a mutual scintillation obscuring the truth from the both of them. And that’s okay for now. John’s okay.
Sherlock leers. “You. And I don’t mean that in a Happy-Christmas-All-I-Want-Is-You way. I mean that in an Indelicate way. You. Submissive, preferably, as you bear a dominate role in the bedroom nine times out of ten.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitches. Removes his scarf. A hint of something sweet fills the air, sugary and tantalizing. “Owner owes me a favor.”
John smiles tightly at the students huddled together under the awning. All clutching their artistic interpretations of John’s scar. He wants to sneer, but he won’t. He’s the only one who seems to think it’s ugly. Then again, he’s the only one who remembers the agony, the heat, the sand, and a little DIY before letting go. Just letting go, resigned to the fact that he was dying.
“Mmm.” Sherlock’s voice is staid, monotonous. Not having yet accepted the fact that he’s embarrassed himself. And maybe he never will because he doesn’t do embarrassment. He’s resigned, though. Resigned to the fact hat John takes pleasure in his pain. (
Sherlock shifts. Turns his head. Left first, then right. Eyes closed against the flat, open to his mind palace. Where did he burry that—ah! He opens the bread box. Bats fifteen species of moths to disperse as he leans closer. A stack of envelopes, secured with the spinal chord of a Malaysian pygmy.
Sherlock opens his eyes. Transfixed by John’s crumbling restraint, his failure to rein in his happiness, his anguish, his fear, his fury. But, predominately, happiness. His mouth, while marred by his efforts to stem a tide of tears, resembles a smile Sherlock memorized and cited on more than one occasion over the past three years.
Sherlock shepherds John toward the couch. Doesn’t want John on the floor. The floor is not conducive to his needs.
Sherlock spends exactly ten minutes more than usual preening in his bedroom. He refuses to allow himself a second more even though his hair refuses to cooperate, damn it. At six on the dot, he meets John on the landing. He’s irrationally pissy, surges of adrenaline causing his insides to squirm, his heart to palpitate, his palms to sweat. John is dressed to the nines. (
“Thank you, Molly,” Sherlock purrs. Like she’s offered to fetch him a cup of coffee and not involuntarily succumbed to whatever social experiment he has up his sleeve. “Text me the results.” He spins on his heel, bidding John to follow.
John shouldn’t be encouraging him. He really shouldn’t. But he can’t help himself. Who could? Honestly? Sherlock, even at his most vulnerable, is conscious of every word, gesture, thought. He never does or says or thinks for the hell of it. So John can understand the attraction; why Sherlock turned to cocaine in his youth.
John uncovers a dozen analogous tracks on an untitled playlist in Sherlock’s library. More footsteps. The sound of newspaper pages rifling. A muffled television programme and a whistling tea kettle. At first, John suspects they’re empirical evidence of criminal activity. His theory falls flat when he distinguishes the sound of a shower running. Their shower running, to be precise. He can hear the familiar rattle of the pipes in the walls.
The first preview plays. Dark, teen love, angst, kissing in the rain. Sherlock makes strange gargling noises throughout. “Are you trying to kill me? I think you’re trying to kill me.”
“Later,” Sherlock tries to convince him. “I’ll explain everything later.” Explores the divots on John’s cheek, around the back of his neck. “Just…” he says, edging closer. Breath ghosting across John’s lips.
His stores of information give way like the Red Sea before…before whoever it was. Gandhi? Sherlock doesn’t know. Doesn’t care to know. But he’s inside his own head. Statistics, encyclopedic configurations, bone and debris and mud. Granules of sand prickle the balls of his bare feet. The swish of his robe as he weaves down the hallway to his illusory bedroom.
John’s back cracks satisfyingly. He smiles when he hears Mrs. Hudson’s ineffable “Hoo-hoo!” upon letting herself inside. “I brought you boys a little snack.”
“We broke up forever ago. She also thinks you’re an arrogant prick that spends far too much money on—“ John shrugs. “—fucking cashmere socks.”
. The smell of sugar and leather ripe in John’s nose, and he wants to taste. Needs to taste. And he’s on him, open-mouthed and breathing in and in and
This, Sherlock cannot deflect. It’s a first for him. Overhearing bullshit directed not at himself, but at John. Someone he cares for so deeply it physically pains Sherlock to devote even a fraction of his mental capacity dissecting how John responded when he told him to stay.
Because love is a chemical defect found on the losing side. Because John Watson has somehow, someway wormed himself not only inside Sherlock’s heart, but also inside Sherlock’s head—where it counts. Lurking behind his waking eyes. A visceral rhythm. Pounding and pounding in the environs of his sinus cavity. Gunpowder and bullets.
“Yes. Of course.” John looks out the window. Can’t find anything to do with his hands. The thought of cupping them around his crotch is tempting. He clears his throat twice before he says, “Kissing Molly Hooper was, what? Practice?”
Sherlock grabs his coat, his scarf. He’s dashes out the door, down the stairs, and hails a taxi. Visions of cobalt chrome and titanium chiming in his forebrain.
doesn’t strike his fancy. He cradles Billy’s plush head in his arms. Waves Victor goodbye. “Thank God that’s over.”
The feelings John inspires are unquantifiable. Like the universe, larger than life, the consummation of light and thought and breath and panting. In and out and in again, noxious fumes burning inside Sherlock’s chest. Combustible, fissile isotopes uranium-235 and plutonium-239. He can’t—
Sherlock clings with both hands. John can feel the apprehension in his gaze from somewhere in the vicinity of his elbow. He does not belong to a child. Not remotely. The conviction with which Sherlock lobbied for John’s ownership is…touching…all things considered. John is flattered in spite of himself. He evaluates his response before he verifies, “I’m Sherlock’s friend.” The crux of his argument is debatable; Sherlock antagonized him conscious not five minutes ago. But the fact remains that Sherlock’s possessiveness pleases John to no end.
morphs into a pliant cry. It’s shaky, like his knees, like his heart, a yearning so big he can scarcely draw breath. John’s breath. Against his parted lips. And Sherlock mouths needily at John’s exhalations, drawing him in and in and further in.
John’s palms are crusted with dirt. Stained with blood. He doesn’t believe for one second Sherlock means what he implies. Dainty fingernails, glinting in the light of the moon. John flexes his hand, all but prepared for Sherlock to rescind his offer the moment John reaches for him. He’s pleasantly surprised when Sherlock fails to meet his expectations. He does not balk, does not flinch when John tentatively runs his fingers over the metacarpals of Sherlock’s lily-white hand, soiling his knuckles.
. Sherlock would implore Mrs. Hudson to keep their engagement a secret, but the truth has a way of revealing itself. Only a matter of time. But—and this catches Sherlock wholly by surprise—he doesn’t care.
,” he mimics. “What’s so special about fuzzy, little children and unassuming jewelry and starting wars with creatures that don’t exist, hm?” Folds his arms across his chest, sinking deep into the leather cushions.
Sherlock turns his head. “Can’t what?” His heart does not belong in his throat. How? When? Why is his heart in his throat?
Sherlock and John sprawl out on the dais. They stretch their arms and legs at their leisure. Giggling inappropriately.
John wakes up to discover Sherlock still in bed. Highly unusual. It's the reason he begins to wonder
Sherlock is concerned for John’s sanity. “We solve crimes on a regular basis.” He pauses. Tilts his head to one side. “Well, I solve crimes on a regular basis.”
John is resting his chin in his hand, his elbow on the table. Staring at nothing until Sherlock bodily interferes. Can’t stare into space when space is occupied by the torso of Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock’s fascination with art is not a pursuit in aesthetics, as some would believe. A matter of forgery and theft.
A pang of what may or may not be sympathy. Sherlock helps himself to some roast to make amends. It seems to please John in some form or fashion because he stops playing with his food and starts cutting into it. For a few minutes, the only sound between the two of them consists of the clinking of their cutlery. They don’t look at each other while they eat. Comfortable silence swathes Sherlock’s prickly disposition and John’s low spirits. The longer they share their meal, their unspoken camaraderie, the more comfortable they feel.
One obstacle down, another to go. Sherlock has identified the day of their anniversary. Now all that’s left is a present. Sherlock browses the internet for inspiration. The top three gifts for anniversaries are sex, food, and technology.
John undresses Sherlock slowly. Loves him slowly, meticulously. Once it’s been said, it’s easier to say again and again and again, punctuating John’s hands just there, his mouth on his—
“Interesting,” Sherlock murmurs. As crazy as it sounds, being called interesting by Sherlock Homes is equally as satisfying as sex.
“Second…” John will not instruct Sherlock how to go about kissing a lunatic. “Just think about murder. You’ll be fine.”
Inside the envelope is a card festooned with pictures of top hats and wedding bells and rings and ribbon and Sherlock refuses to touch it. So Mrs. Hudson reads aloud, “Congratulations on your engagement. Love, your brother.” Her bottom lip trembles.
Sherlock hates the word cute. A bit twee and la, but the fact stands. So he doesn’t understand why John is fascinated with kittens tumbling off of shelves, so what? Like many things in the world, endearing behavior is subjective.
Sherlock very rarely finds it necessary to assign anything capital letters, let alone italics, but there are exceptions. Like
related. He doesn’t even identify as asexual. He identifies with no one. Labels make him itchy. Especially
, but it gives Sherlock a sick sense of satisfaction to retain a term so standoffish. It has served him well in he past. He does not plan to discard it now.
John adjusts the bags in his hands. While Sherlock may treat him like a packmule around the holidays, Christmas shopping with the world’s only consulting detective is a blessing in disguise. Though, Sherlock does tend to lean more toward practical presents, which invariably lead to embarrassing revelations. Like:
According to the docufiction television series 1000 Ways To Die, someone swallowed tapeworms in order to lose weight quickly.
“I…” Full to bursting. John’s fingernails scratching softly at his shoulders. Sherlock cups John’s face in his hands. “John, I…” Grits his teeth. John exists, soft and strong in all the right ways, and he can say it. He can say it for John. “I love you.”
"John," Sherlock speaks his name like a riddle. Affirming every kiss, every caress, demanding an answer and posing a question all in one, ragged breath.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s lips twist into something resembling a smile. His cherry flavored sucker has stained his mouth red. If John didn’t hold himself to the bravery standards of his late father, Sherlock might creep him out. “Jim Moriarty is scared of you. I like that.”
Sherlock refuses to duel with him as he wields his dessert, complete with “wruu, ksch” sound effects.
John scowls. He sits back down amongst irate demands from the patrons. Sinks deep in his seat. What must people think? Two, grown men watching Twilight?
John puts away the groceries, uncertain if he should break the spell of camaraderie by announcing his presence or wait to be acknowledged. Under normal circumstances, he would introduce himself because he doesn’t pussyfoot around Sherlock’s clients. Never has. But John can’t determine if the man (Well dressed. Jewelry, a ring on his finger that would break John three times over. A toff. New money, judging by the disproportion between Sherlock’s suave demeanor and his flamboyant conduct—
They’re backstage at an opera house, scouring the dressing rooms for evidence of foul play when John finds a plaid fedora in an unmarked box on the floor. Sherlock questions, “PTO? What do you think it—“ Stops short when he notices John is paying more attention to his reflection than to Sherlock, which smarts his pride. In John’s defense, he looks good. And they have permission to snoop. For once. “What are you doing?”
Sodden jumper sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The sound of water sloshing and cutlery clinking. John is barefoot, posture perfect. Stands at parade rest be it conversing with Mycroft Holmes or scrubbing congealed pasta sauce from Mrs. Hudson’s good spatula.
John hasn’t been in touch with a single member of his uni rugby team in over ten years. He can scarcely remember their nicknames, let alone their real ones. He casually greets them all with a tired smile. Hotty Toddy, Slim, Bird, and Deez.
He will never resort to verbosity or wax poetic on the fine and/or coarse texture of John’s hair or calculate the logarithmic curve of his nose or wage war on his brain in order to define John Watson’s eye color. No. Why would he?
Nothing, as of yet, has given him a reason to put faith in an ill-defined emotion. Love is patient, love is kind. Love is privy to murder. Love is the soft, white underbelly of altruism. Jealousy and illusions of control. Love is more than vicious, it’s an excuse. An excuse to screen calls, dictate wardrobes. Batter and bruise. An excuse not to be alone.
. Sherlock wants to. And shower sex is a little steamy, isn't it? At this point in their relationship? Maybe Sherlock is kinkier than he lets on. Maybe he lied about being asexual. Or maybe John should stop assuming that an asexual man can't have kinks. Can they have kinks? A paradox? Almost an oxymoron? Like jumbo shrimp? Asexual kinks? Except not really. No. Not an oxymoron. He needs to stop thinking, now.
. Sherlock will never admit he has a weakness for mulled wine, but John has already deduced as much. Obvious. Seeing as he’s caught Sherlock surreptitiously licking his sticky, red fingers throughout the afternoon.
Envelope unsealed, 5” x 7.5”. Card within 4” x 6”. Of course it would fall out when Mrs. Hudson collected the post. And of course she’d notice the theme. She’d have to be blind not to.
. Heaven or hell, Sherlock honestly doesn’t care. The question of God does not appeal to him simply because there isn’t enough data and there never will be enough data. Holy wars and hate crimes are intriguing in and of themselves, but teenagers precede religion as a whole on his list of
John stops humming. Stops washing the dishes. Stutters at the contact, Sherlock’s hand at the small of his back. He closes his eyes.
John checks his pulse. Fixes the collar of Sherlock’s robe. Rubs his thumb under Sherlock’s eyes, noting the evidence of discoloration from lack of sleep. Tuts his disappointment, but he’s smiling. He leads Sherlock to where the bed (was) in reality and Sherlock follows. Drops his guard wholly and without hesitation.
“AHhhh-ahh!” John shouts. Stands. Successfully obtains everyone’s attention. Hesitates, but only momentarily. “
John starts. Turns to find himself face-to-face with a teenager. Airs and graces like a second skin, conducting his every step, poetry in motion. His hair is styled within an inch of its life, combed over a domed brow John associates with a scholar of the highest caliber. Even in the dark of the night, John can tell he and Sherlock are family. They both exude a grandiose bearing that’s almost palpable in nature.
Sherlock has never wanted someone or something so fiercely in his life. He opens his mouth to express possessive, sentimental rot, but comes to realize they’re not alone. Three sets of eyes staring at them in astonishment, horror, and (God help him) arousal. Each of which bearing Reggie’s family crest on their poly-blend uniforms.
. Not initially. Sherlock had an inkling John was interested in him in the beginning. He shut him down back then, waiving John’s misplaced feelings because John was (and is) John and Sherlock was (and is) hopelessly fascinated by him. Didn’t want John to get the wrong idea. Didn’t want to jeopardize what he knew would bloom into something…dare he think
) “What was what?” Sherlock holds the door open for John. Major red flag. Sherlock is many things, but considerate isn’t one of them.
So he can, what? Spy on a killer? He’s chased off Deez, God knows how. And he expects John to just go with it?
“Molly’s niece made these.” Centers them just so. The glitter sparkles dazzlingly. Sherlock wants to throw something. Preferably a breakable something. And preferably at John’s head. There’s a box of ornaments in the kitchen. “She’s a big fan, apparently.”
.” Mycroft speaks the adjective like it’s personally offended him. Considering the reason why he’s so uneasy, John can hardly blame him. Still.
“I mean the whole us together thing. Eating takeaway and watching twelve hours of security footage.”
Sherlock shakes him off. Pulls John down against him. Kisses his lips. Exploring every tooth, the palate of his mouth, his tongue. John whispers Sherlock’s name:
Sherlock watches John like a hawk. He’s sitting on the edge of the bathroom sink, trouserless, and John is darning his shin. Sherlock’s hands are steepled, aligning perfectly with the androgynous shape of his lips and the subtle curve of his philtrum. He winces when John’s needle pierces his skin, but he does not whimper or cry or hiss in pain. He’s far too distracted by the orchestra of healing and life conducted by dancing phalanges he knows inside and out. It’s mesmerizing.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft begins. The ellipsis hovers between them. Like bullet holes in limbo. “Put him back.”
Sherlock thinks. A full belly tends to make John whimsical. Sherlock can tell by the movement of his eyes that John is logging and classifying the random data supported by tiny droplets of water and ice crystals. Apophenia, meaningful patterns or connections, pareidolia. Sherlock is pleased to note his observational skills are rubbing off on John. First clouds, next dead bodies.
Sherlock concedes. His shoulders gradually lose the tension of a day spent interrogating pampered prima donnas. In all honesty, Sherlock thinks a little blackmail will do them some good. But whatever. He forces himself to smile at his mirror image because that’s what people do.
Sherlock scoffs. Has he considered the repercussions? Ha! He’s considered and reconsidered to the point of razing his Mind Palace to the illusory ground, insecurity imbued with hesitation and inexperience.
John’s hand wanders toward Sherlock. Reaching for him. Protecting him. From bad dreams, from particularly painful memories that raid his mind while his body is forced to recuperate.
with me weeks ago. This is the third movie of the trilogy. Don’t sit beside me on the couch twenty minutes from the end and start asking questions.”
The building goes up in flames. Sherlock breathes in. Fear gripping his heart. Sharp and icy and he stands alone in the middle of the street. Lost. Confused. Because this can’t be happening. This absolutely cannot be happening.
John supersedes his predecessors, too. Sherlock has known a few companions in his lifetime, some of which more invigorating than others. (In every sense of the word.) Stimulants, appetite suppressants, anesthetics. Anything and everything to tame the chaos inside his head. To gag the ghosts of his past, peeling their vitriolic accusations from the synarthrodial joints of his neurocranium. John, though. John looks at Sherlock and his consummate loyalty needles his veins. Hot. Potent. Incredibly addicting. Washing away his insecurities, his reservations.
Sherlock sticks his hands under John’s armpits. Curls his toes behind John’s ‘knee pits’, as Sherlock calls them even though John has told him the term is Popliteal Fossa. This is the part where John normally kicks Sherlock off. Forces him to return to his side of the bed because
I have slightly underestimated how time consuming my brother’s wedding next weekend will be. Updates sporadic for the remainder of June.
Sherlock grabs and holds the hem of John’s jumper. The weight of his hand tugging at John’s collar. It’s such a tiny gesture. A little apology, mollifying in its simplicity. John allows Sherlock to kiss the tension out of his mouth and Sherlock allows John to lead him to bed.
But he can’t rest yet. A killer is on the loose and somewhere in this swamp of seemingly meaningless correspondence is irrefutable proof Mr. Angels is none other than Miss Sutherland’s own father.
Sherlock is writhing internally. John’s strong arms circling his chest, holding him close, and Sherlock would rather John punch him in the face. It would hurt less.
“Why not?” is John’s response. Settles in, which involves elbows and knees and as urbane and tactile as John has proven to be in the past, their couch is only so big.
a waste of space on his hard drive because he lives with the man and it’s in his best interest to hone his ability to assess whether John’s feeling murderous or John’s feeling gassy.
John subsides. He can feel Sherlock’s pulse. A delicate lure beneath his fingertips. He justly believes he will protect him and his carotid artery forever.
Sherlock hates the word cute. A bit twee and la, but the fact remains. So he doesn’t understand why John is fascinated with kittens tumbling off of shelves, so what? Like many things in the world, endearing behavior is subjective.
Sherlock grumps, “I’m complimenting you. That’s what you do when you compliment people. Would you have me compliment you stintingly?” Touches John’s wrist. “She’d be lucky to have you,” he says again. Like he’s daring John to argue.
John settles for impatient. Explores Sherlock's chest, his belly as they argue semantics. Sherlock pretends not to notice, but cards his fingers through John’s hair when John nuzzles against his bare skin. Arms wrapping around Sherlock’s back. Pulling him closer.
“No!” Sherlock is quick to deny his mounting ennui. Too quick. “You’re doing…well. Really well. And.”
Sherlock’s brain is not a machine, as much as Sherlock wishes otherwise. He can’t snap auditory recollections into pieces as effortlessly as he prefers. Peeling the clamor of inept singing from the question and answer segment of his interrogation is a lot more difficult, and painful, than John thought possible.
He’s humming a tune Sherlock recognizes. One of his scores. Mediocre, Sherlock thinks, but John seems to be enjoying himself.
John finds his hand under the sheets. Laces their fingers together. Their rings touch. They touch. And they don't stop touching.
s his delight when he leans against Sherlock's body. Takes his time smelling the vee of Sherlock's shirt. (Lingering detergent.) His neck. (A bit of aftershave. Sweat.) His breath. (Buncakes again.)
John snorts. Watches Sherlock map the jut of his ankle with delicate fingertips. Inhales sharply when Sherlock scratches his calf. Lightly. Oh so lightly. “Let’s go home in the morning,” he exhales. “It’s very nice, this. But—“
) Could be Sherlock enjoys the convoluted scheming of star-crossed idiots in love and phony suicide stratagems.
“Investments. Bartering. You name it, Victor’s fingerprints are probably all over it.” Sherlock pries the card from John’s fingers and flicks it in the bin. “You won’t be contacting him,” he says, making a beeline for the sofa. True to form, he sprawls with the grace of a swan/ballerina hybrid and toes off his shoes.
John is clearly lost. Sherlock bemoans his fate. Pushes himself to stand. Discards his shoes so that he may join John in the kitchen.
Sherlock occasionally disguises himself should his Belstaff coat draw (more) attention to his otherworldly grandeur. John was too distracted by Sherlock wearing jeans and trainers to even consider what Sherlock had in store for him.
John can’t decide what’s worse. Being shot at or Sherlock wallowing in a kind of state where hopes and dreams go to die.
And she—nails meticulously polished, time and money and more money and more time—accepts his offer to dance.
To Dr. Rei’s credit, she finishes stitching the gash on John’s brow before she asks Sherlock to return to the reception area. Not that he follows her orders. No. Why would he do that? All thunderous fury and well-lit angles. He takes John’s head in his hands. Examines Dr. Rei’s (
Mycroft stands without argument. Wanders toward the door and descends the stairs. Quietly, quietly, and he’s gone.
Sherlock takes the pointer finger of his right hand. Sticks it in his mouth and sucks. Sucks and sucks and he’s staring directly into John’s eyes, his pupils blown.
John sets the pamphlet on the floor. He’s not sure where to start because the directions are in Chinese. “Remind me why you dribbled acid on our old table?”
wouldn’t stop cycling in his head. His mother thought he was plagued with panic attacks, but Sherlock is quite certain he’s never been beleaguered by anything so boring.
John is in the kitchen. He’s doubled over against the table trying not to crack a rib stifling his laughter. “What was that noise?” he asks casually.
. After the gunshots and the surreptitious phone calls and empty warehouses rigged to explode. Hugs Sherlock like he’s worth more than any number of jade pins. Cradling the back of his head with the full width of his hand, nose buried in his collar.
so that's been keeping me busy. I'll try to update more regularly. As ever, thank you so much for reading!
He swings at Sherlock’s face, but his arm is twisted behind his back before he can land the punch, pinky finger milked to the point of breaking. John’s body hums with adrenaline, accompanying the thrum of arousal like a delicious duet. His hand is steady. His leg is strong. His cane is abandoned.
“Don’t anthropomorphize your food,” Sherlock remarks. Takes the lobster away from John and walks around the kitchen table, bare feet slapping against the linoleum. Holds the lobster at arm’s length. It wiggles its legs frantically in protest. And because Sherlock has the capacity for introspection, he observes life and death and
They don’t pack luggage. They don’t book a hotel. They don’t do much of anything aside from allowing the tide of “Chocolate or vanilla?” “Chicken or beef?” “Malibu or turquoise?” to go unanswered. The wedding ends up planning itself, anyway, so their participation isn’t strictly necessary.
John wakes to Sherlock muttering what sounds like numbers at random. He’s lying flat on his back, staring at the ceiling. Chest rising and falling. Light pollution seeps through the curtains of Sherlock’s bedroom window, a blush of oranges and reds and yellows enliven the pale expanse of his torso. He’s unashamedly naked, one leg dangling off the side of his bed and the other lost under the covers.
John never knows what to expect when Sherlock stoops to phoning him. The last time Sherlock made an outbound call on his mobile, a thug broke his thumbs trying to coerce Sherlock into revealing the location of a blue carbuncle. John’s stomach twists into knots just thinking about it. The sound of Sherlock’s quavering voice on the other end of the line…but not because he couldn’t handle the pain. No. It was because he wouldn’t be able to text for a few weeks. (
ogle him on the street, male and female alike. (Age makes not a bit of difference.) Whatever power Sherlock holds over the general populace—and every facet of his flatmate’s life to boot—John is as close to impervious as they come.
“We’ll stay here for tonight,” Sherlock says, shrugging out of his greatcoat. “Find somewhere less…” He wrinkles his nose. “…
is supposed to be. Typically, John buys classic scents. Something moderately cheap and accessible. He doesn’t question Sherlock’s choice, though. “Nutmeg, Cedar, and Brazilian Rosewood, John!” brooks no arguments.
Sherlock grouses. Or tires to grouse. Sounds like he’s caught between being incommoded and aroused. Frowns when John appreciates his sensitivity with an ‘mhm’, eyes twinkling.
John taps the end of his nose. A gesture Sherlock grudgingly remembers as a sign of accuracy. Ironic, considering John swears playing Charades is forever off the table after the
Sherlock grunts. Caught between a laugh and a moan. “Who’s distracting now?” He manages to sound petulant and aroused at the same time.
Evidence, the kind that changes the course of an entire case. It needs to be said. It needs to be said.
he’s so bored. He resents John’s willingness to lounge at his leisure while Sherlock is cursed to mourn the dwindling creativity of the criminal classes.
Sherlock glares at him. Sees that John is blushing. He offers John his hand. “They aren’t jam, but they look like jam.”
“Opportunist,” Sherlock reminds him, frowning. Gestures to John’s chair fussily and then drapes his arm across his face.
Sherlock doesn’t reply. He clings to John. Knuckles aching with the force of his grip. He missed this. Well, not this. But
Sherlock whispers in his ear. Somewhat gruesome and theatrical and ridiculous, Sherlock’s labored breath painting a macabre picture of bridges and guns and John writhes when Sherlock emphasizes an
John waits fifteen minutes. You know. Just in case she excused herself to the loo. Or something. Another put-upon sigh. He just can’t win.
“How could I forget?” Despite John’s not-jealousy, he’s happy to see Sherlock happy. It’s not often Sherlock gets on with live ones. “Don’t tell me you owe him a favor, Mr. Trevor.”
Yes. God, yes. Can’t catch his breath. Huffing, burning, closer, and the mist is closing in around them.
If it were possible to retain John, compact and complete, Sherlock would swallow him whole. Because it’s excruciating. This healing atmosphere after years of restraint, of suffering. Like rubbing salt on an open wound. And it’s hardly any better, crushing John against him. It’s worse. Elevating, cataclysmic, to the left of his breastbone. A brewing storm in his throat and his ribcage rattles with his,
Deez puts his hands on Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock leans into him. Legs spread impossibly wide, arse clenched, nearly pressing his chest against Deez’s face. Then he sinks down in Deez’s lap to whisper in his ear.
Mary stands when John sits. She grabs her purse. “I’m sorry, John,” she says. “You’ve been lovely, but…” She doesn’t finish her sentence.
“The problem is kids believe themselves to be invincible.” Sherlock doesn’t even have to look at John before he tells him, “Gaping is terribly unattractive, you know.” There’s a sparkle in his eye as he weaves in and out of the Rube Goldberg obstacle course constructed by three teenage boys with the collective intelligence of a fruit fly. Two of whom are huddled on the curb, shock blankets galore. Blubbering their heads off. Incidentally, the third member of their trio died doing what he loved. I.e., being a moron.
“Second, I—“ Like he suddenly remembers Sherlock is there. “—my date tonight.” John takes a swig of his Pinot. “We’ve been through a lot of shit and you drive me ‘around the bend, but I. Um. Marry me.”
“Y-Yeah, okay.” John licks his lips. Sherlock is admiring (in as much Sherlock admires anything), John’s (frankly) bland selection. “I’m hanging up, now.” So he does.
. A pathetic argument, really. While it’s true they do not, in fact, date, their romantic relationship (Sherlock mentally recoils at the term.) is subject to change. Just like everything else on the face of the Earth. Logic eases Sherlock’s mind, but not his respiratory system. So he nods.
) Keeps composing, scribbles a few notes with a flourish of his pen. Actually, John’s pen. But what’s John’s is Sherlock’s and what’s Sherlock’s John restricts to the second shelf in the refrigerator.
John kisses him. Sudsy tongue leaving residue of his morning ablutions on Sherlock’s lips. “Turnabout’s fair play.”
“No!” Sherlock is quick to deny his mounting ennui. Too quick. “You’re doing…well. Really well. And.”
John exhales into the space between them, the unspoken truth heavy and strained, but hopeful. “With?” Because he’s honestly not sure if Sherlock means Consulting or Something Else.
Their audience has lost all interest in their food. An out-and-out soap opera is unfolding before their eyes.
Sherlock grouses. Or tires to grouse. Sounds like he’s caught between being incommoded and aroused. Frowns when John appreciates his sensitivity with an ‘mhm’ of his own, eyes twinkling. “You’re heavy.”
John approaches Sherlock from behind, somber and a little concerned. It probably shouldn’t bother him, but it does. John wonders, some days, if Sherlock will visit his mind palace and never come back. He touches Sherlock’s arm. Doesn’t expect Sherlock to acknowledge him. Honestly surprises John when Sherlock turns, seeking him out like a flower bending toward sunlight. John rests his hand on Sherlock’s waist. Sways with him, hums a little under his breath.
And “You…” is almost an answer. The way he kisses Sherlock most certainly is. John is soaking wet, but Sherlock doesn’t care. John’s hands are slippery and warm against his belly, prune-y fingers sliding across his skin, skating under his ribs. Water trickling down his torso and John says, “Yes.” Feeds on Sherlock’s sigh of relief. “Yes. Anything. Yes.” Their lips slide together aimlessly. Tongues graze, eliciting delightful moans from the both of them.
Sherlock depends on John. Relies on him like he relies on his cardiovascular system to carry blood cells and nutrients through his body. John is Sherlock’s reason for living. Saccharine and sordid and true, unfortunately. Give the man a puzzle and watch him dance. Give the man a friend and watch him die for three years.
with pelvic thrusts, rolling his spine and snapping his hips, the beginnings of an erection very evident against his flies.
Sherlock crushes his cigarette under his heel even though he never lit it. “Someone of your…” He averts his eyes. “...talents might be beneficial.” He shrugs. “If…” he trails off before abruptly finishing his sentence, the imperious tone of voice from earlier in the evening making a reappearance, “If you’re amenable.”
. John’s shoulder begins to ache. Seizing up. He rolls his head from side to side, stretches the muscles in his neck as best he can. His arms are folded across his chest to keep his core warm.
Pianist fingers calculating the exponential curvature of his elbow. Sherlock closes his eyes, thinking. “What is your first memory?” His voice is so soft, so private, John’s breath hitches.
Sherlock pushes him away, but weakly. John holds his ground. Patience and devotion making Sherlock itch in a way altogether memorable. Doesn’t feel the need, the aggravating
It’s not often John comes home to find Sherlock spread-eagled on the livingroom floor, shirtless. The detritus of his work is nowhere in sight and alarm bells ring shrilly in John’s ears. He drops his groceries by the door. Kneels down beside Sherlock who looks at John like a man dying of thirst would look at a tall glass of water.
Sherlock can hear them with his damned heart. Surging with every pull of John’s lips against his unshaven face. Powerful waves melding them together, root to tip. Top to bottom and front to back and every which way until Sherlock is powerless to determine where he ends and where John begins.
Sherlock won’t open his eyes yet; John is rubbing his thumbs over his cheekbones. More pronounced, probably, since
.” Sherlock sits on the sofa, his chin cradled atop his thumbs and his mouth hidden behind his intertwined fingers. “Pray tell.”
John opens his eyes unto the face of a boy he doesn’t recognize. A backdrop of stars twinkle betwixt rampant curls and John, momentarily, is under the impression he’s died and a cherubic Angel of Death is bent upon the reaping of his soul. The handlebars of John’s bike are lodged in mud. Spokes tick-ticking, the front wheel spinning crookedly on its axle. John gasps. Belated shock. Feels his heart kick-start into overdrive.
The feelings Sherlock has for John are unquantifiable. Like the universe. Larger than life, the consummation of light and thought and breath and panting. In and out and in again, noxious fumes burning inside Sherlock’s chest. Combustible, fissile isotopes uranium-235 and plutonium-239. He can’t—he can’t breathe. Oxygen is not enough anymore. Who in the hell wishes this upon themselves? This overbearing,
John can’t decide if lapis lazuli is case-related or something Sherlock thinks Lestrade would phone them about at half three in the morning, off the record.
Sherlock is looking at John in much the same way, minus the underlying purr of satisfaction when he successfully concocts a feasible plan of action one way or another. Since John can’t be replaced—Sherlock will not be fooled by an imitation of John Watson, obviously—Sherlock entertains scenarios leading to either John’s abduction or his…
Sherlock frowns at his mirror image. No. Not an option. He will be polite. He will be courteous. He will endeavor to pretend he’s having the time of his life. John’s worth it.
) He can’t go yet. What if he doesn’t wait? What if he doesn’t wait on Sherlock? Sherlock can wait. He’s good at waiting. He can be patient. He can be patient for John.
because Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John; talking about sentiment and feelings has never been a top priority for either of them because they're both emotionally compromised idiots.
His fingers dance around his neck, over his clavicle, to the collar of his shirt, which he unbuttons, undulating once again. His body begging, begging,
Sherlock does and doesn’t understand the compulsion to avoid seclusion. He would say he empathizes, but empathy and he haven’t gotten on since Uni and damn it all to hell if he feels the need to try and rationalize the reasoning behind: “It’s not you, it’s me.”
Harry never cared for cross-stitching. A fear of needles and poor hand-eye coordination did not a good combination make. (The third time she pricked her finger, she threw in the towel.) When a combination of poor vision and early onset arthritis made it difficult for his mother to thread her needles, John swallowed what little pride he had at the age of fifteen—because needles and thread seemed to him very girly—and he threaded them for her.
“Yes, well.” John stuffs another mozzarella stick in his mouth. “Not every relationship begins a ten.”
At home. If we’re going to suffer this humiliation, we’re going to do it in the privacy of our own rooms.”
Sherlock still hasn’t figured out how John reads his mind. His deduction skills are piss-poor at best.
) If his hunger reaches critical levels, John will moan like a cat in heat until Sherlock relents and carries his starving arse to the nearest vending machine.
John marvels. Never, not once, has Sherlock attempted to tell a joke so far removed from the spectrum of gallows humor. He opens and closes his mouth, unsure.
John narrows his eyes at Sherlock and Sherlock narrows his eyes back. “Look, do you want a lap dance or not?” Imperious eyes, imperious lips, imperious everything. John’s not sure if he’s amused or irritated. An undercover stripper. Propositioning
Sherlock forces their mouths apart. “I would have you be the death of me,” he admits. And all the social conventions wither and die because that’s a bit not good.
“I can see why he wanted to kill her,” Sherlock mutters. “She has a mean right hook. Best. Date. Ever.”
There’s nothing for it. He’s just…flat out gorgeous. Aesthetic features, prominent cheekbones, cat-like eyes, and artfully curled hair. There are times John can’t stand to look at him, honestly. But there are times he can’t bear to look away. Like tonight.
Sherlock crowds John against the sink, deepens the kiss. His chest hurts. He has to say it. He has to say it or he might die. Bottled up inside him—deep inside him, where it’s dark and dank and loveless—and he had no idea how lethal these feelings would prove to be. Like methane. And his heart is the canary in the coal shaft. He’s never been able to keep anything like this to himself. Evidence, the kind that changes the course of an entire case. It needs to be said. It needs to be said.
The fog begins to dissipate. The opalescent radiance of dawn filigrees the bedroom, branding the wall with swathes of pale pink and orange. Sherlock cards his fingers through the weak beams of light, stirring dust motes like he’s conducting a symphony.
Sherlock rolls his head against the back of the seat. Normally, his gaze is piercing. Under the haze of anesthesia, the best his eyes can manage is
“You could’ve died,” John interrupts Sherlock’s commentary, eyes trained on nothing outside. His hands ball into fists.
The first preview plays. Dark, teen love, angst, kissing in the rain. Sherlock makes gargling noises throughout. “Are you trying to kill me? I think you’re trying to kill me.”
John’s lips linger upon Sherlock’s brow. “Oh my God.” John’s voice cracks. “Sher—“ Swallows. Holds it in. Grunts with the effort. Forehead to forehead when he’s finally able to ask, “Sherlock, how?”
because while the investigation itself is devoid of legwork and life-threatening situations, Sherlock invariably descends into one of his black moods afterwards. A miasma of screeching violin music and nicotine patches a routine adjunct.
Sherlock grunts. Braces himself against the wall of the shower. Inhales the scent of his shampoo. He’s overreacting. Stop. Listen. Breathe. He can hear John in the kitchen. Cooking dinner? Or demolishing his chemistry set, one. But John wouldn’t do that. No, John is the oil to the brine of opinions of people who don’t matter. And John’s words…
It occurs to Sherlock that John is upset. It irks him that John is wasting valuable bee larva/morphine amalgamation time with his impermissible feelings. It also occurs to Sherlock that if he takes it upon himself to engage John in an empathetic manner, his wobbly will pass and Sherlock can get back to work. And John can listen. Because Sherlock is benevolent like that.
Sherlock retrieves his iPod. Checks to see if it still works. Then he claims John’s mouth, a smug-arse, “You were saying?” prefacing the dance of tongue on tongue. The scrape of teeth and breathless curses and backhand compliments in the heat of the moment.
The lounge isn’t big enough to accommodate the both of them comfortably, but Sherlock is loath to stop kissing John to look for the bedroom. Stop kissing John to freshen up a bit. Stop kissing John to…anything, really. There are occasions when John Watson simply ought to be kissed and this is one of them, dammit.
John smiles ruefully against Sherlock’s neck. “Either I’m talking to myself out loud or you’re reading my mind.”
Sherlock says nothing. It’s too dark to see so John can only assume his silence, a rarity in and of itself under the circumstances, is Sherlock’s way of confirming that there is a finite supply of oxygen.
Sherlock braces himself against the mattress, pushing himself over and on top of and looking down at John. He’s smiling that predatory smile John associates with serial killers or that one time Molly text Sherlock about a body in the morgue. Situs inversus. Sherlock’s jealousy, coveting the inversion of internal organs because then their hearts would beat against one another, wouldn’t they? Lying like this?
belongs here. Deez engaged to be married. Slim with one on the way. Hotty and Bird already proud fathers.
Sherlock bristles. Fury threatens to overrule the nonchallant expression on his face, dictate his hands, but he’s already tapping the tabletop agitatedly. His dander is rising to critical levels. He has to speak. Unleash, lest the hateful words wither and die in his chest and he’ll have to dig them out of his throat later, petrified insults sticking to his esophagus and a seven percent solution will ease his suffering, but he can’t. He can’t do that anymore. Sherlock opens his mouth, the muscles in his shoulders ape the ebb and flow of his movements when he plays the violin. A sting of deductions, rapid-fire and unforgiving. One after another. Like music. Legato. He doesn’t take a breath: “You’ve been engaged to marry twice before. You broke it off. Both times, if I’m not mistaken. The first unlucky bastard you seduced and dumped was a menial laborer, probably construction, and his job embarrassed you, yes, because you deserve better. Isn’t that what your mother always told you? That you deserve better? Shame she didn’t take her own advice. Father a sot, died of liver cancer three—no—four years ago. Irrelevant. You were in love with your second fiancé, but he cheated on you. Most men do. And your pride. Wounded because look at you. Nice figure, smart, sexy. All those praises your girlfriends have erroneously bestowed on you over the years. So now you’ve fixed your sights on John. A good man with a good job and relatively handsome by your standards, but he isn’t good enough, is he? He lives with a flatmate—an attractive flatmate, you think—and he’s at my beck and call. I am not the jealous one, Ms. Magdalene. You are.”
