Sherlock watched him walk away for a long moment, and something inside of him pulled and tugged, grasped at his throat and beat in his mind. Sherlock was honest and John liked that.
His fellow Olympians usually took this as an opportunity to socialize, capture the moment in tweets and photographs which they then shared with the world, only to be glorified by the media. It was expected of them. After being asked on The Today Show why he didn’t have a twitter account, he called the idea pointless, needless dawdling and “rather trite, don’t you agree?” Following that exchange, the press had laid off of Sherlock on the social media front.
Sherlock stood in the center of the sitting room, looking out the large window. Lights sparkled in the courtyard and in the distance and the far-off voices of revelry resounded, muffled through the glass.
“You read that in one of the articles.” It was no secret that Sherlock enjoyed dallying with chemistry, experimenting on whatever he could get his hands on. The human body in particular fascinated him, and it wasn’t out of the realm of possibility that one might open the freezer at his flat and find an eyeball or two. Still, he wasn’t sure how he
He picks up a takeaway sandwich from the coffee shop on the corner and has a shower and a shave before he even thinks about opening his email. The task doesn’t seem as pressing as it once did to him, and he weighs that, too. Is Guest beginning to lose his allure? Is he thinking too much on Sherlock? Should he be thinking
“I love you too, I love you too,” John replies quickly, a few tears escaping as he manages to maneuver up onto his elbows and presses his forehead to Sherlock’s. “Jesus christ, I love you.”
A quick little sip of air sucks in through his nose and then John is slowly releasing it; it takes some effort now to huff it out through his mouth. He couldn’t have anticipated this—what he would do in this moment, how he would forget to breathe, how his mind would stutter and stop even as his stomach flipped a dozen times.
For some reason the image of John Watson smiling smugly and clapping, obviously impressed, lingered in his mind until his run down the mountain was all but forgotten. It had been such a pleasant surprise; John had been easy to converse with and, unlike most of the people with whom he spoke,
What if–the horrifying thought strikes him–John Watson doesn’t measure up to the John that Guest has been getting to know?
The noise was a distant buzzing, the light that was reflecting off of the snow blinding, and when the last skier crossed the finish line and Sherlock glanced at the scoreboard, his knees very nearly gave out. Everything went still and static and it was a loud kind of silence that made his head race. His legs felt rubbery and it seemed as though his skull had rapidly imploded and then expanded.
“See, Lestrade, I’m not a complete monster.” John reached over and gave him a little pat on his shoulder. It was out of camaraderie, Sherlock was sure, but that didn’t stop his entire body from going sweet and warm with the contact.
The bathroom is beautiful. White tile and brass furnishings with a high ceiling and a large, inset stone shower; but the focal point of the room is the oversized clawfoot tub that’s set in a corner, set in such a way as to overlook a portion of the cliff they’re on. It’s incredibly breathtaking as John watches the early winter sea smash against the slate.
when they reach the restaurant. John’s already weaving through the plentiful outdoor seating and finding a table towards the back of the patio. “This okay?”
They sit across the table from one another, cups of tepid but strong coffee at their elbows, sharing their findings in hushed  academic tones. It’s nearly intimate—the shuffle of paper, a quietly-uttered “Hm, look at this,” the passing of files, fingertips brushing in a way that would have been absolutely innocent if there hadn’t been years of similar, sought-after touches in their shared history.
With a wave of his hand, Sherlock gives his answer, his head already ducked into the manila folder. It’s compelling and strange. Young female, found in an alleyway in Vauxhall, abdominal organs on the dirty blacktop.
After settling on one button, Sherlock tidied the sitting room of his suite and then puttered around, his excess energy making it impossible for him to sit down. It was nearing eight and Sherlock took the opportunity to take one last look at himself in the mirror. He looked… good, if he did say so himself. His skin shone in contrast to his hair and the dark clothing he wore; he just hoped John would agree.
“Right, right,” Lestrade passed a hand over his mouth. “Okay, well, let’s just try not to think about that now, wait until you’ve… until you’ve…” Lestrade caught Sherlock’s gaze briefly. “Really? With John?”
“This line of work is… not without the threat of danger. The Met does ask me to consult on traumatic cases, murder scenes and the like. Not to say that I
changed for him. He blew out a breath and considered. He felt the pain that was throbbing in his foot and his ribs flare back up and he acknowledged silently how close he’d come to death.
“Have I?” Sherlock asks, voice slippery as he glances up at John from beneath his lashes. It feels like a test, now; will John back down from his good-natured accusation, or will he follow through.
“I…” John interrupts himself with a mighty yawn; he cracks his neck while he’s at it, grasping either side of his jaw and tugging it, the bones releasing and popping. “What?”
John doesn’t know why he does it; before he can think twice, he finds himself typing, “How wsa the artety perforated?” He hits enter before he can spell-check himself and cringes.
Sherlock stops pecking out the letters, the rational side of his brain once again roaring to life and making its objections known. It’s a different roar than before, however, before he began emailing with John5NF; the voice in his head doesn’t have the same bite to it. Sherlock realizes, belatedly, that this whole thing–sharing intimacy with a stranger via the internet–is just becoming another facet of his day.
The call came early the next morning, just as Sherlock was shifting from his back to his side, deep asleep. He cracked one eye open with some difficulty and flung his arm out for his phone, peering down at the screen as though it had personally wronged him.
Sherlock’s smirk is slow in coming and his eyes flash with something John knows Sherlock hopes is danger, but it falls flat. John Watson has seen danger and this man is not dangerous, not even close. He’s a smarmy, entitled git who has been allowed to walk all over Molly Hooper and thinks that he can do the same with John.
He glances up at Sherlock and something shifts, solidifies. It’s startling, unnerving in a lovely way, and John knows as surely as he’s known anything, that he can do this.
his mind circles back and instead of becoming stuck in a loop of circular logic, he flops onto his other side, presses a pillow atop his head and forces himself to recite the entire periodic table, including atomic weight and mass, u ntil he drops off into a fitful sleep.
Sherlock felt himself seize up, could feel his nostrils flaring even though he did his best to remain unaffected. How did Moriarty know about dinner with John and what did he plan on doing with the information? His mind ran through the possibilities and there were many. He could have had someone spying on Sherlock’s hotel room in the flesh - likely that hulking oaf of an assistant - or had someone stationed far away with a long-range lens. There was security footage of the hotel and the hallway of course and the lobby’s personnel was lax, so there was no ruling out he’d seen John arriving and leaving.
Molly’s eyes soften and he nearly hops up and tears out then and there. But he remains, feeling the alcohol make his belly go warm. “And?” Molly prods gently, motioning to the bartender for another for Sherlock.
Once fully good and wet, John uncaps the small hotel bottle and squeezes a bit of the citrus-scented gel into his hands. “Now, c’mere.”
John barks a laugh and pads over to the sink. He takes a moment to quickly clean two of their heavy, quality glass tumblers.
John works his jaw from side to side. It seems as though Sherlock is willing to talk about it, but John doesn’t know how to ask. They’re one another’s closest and most intimate friend; they’re truly partners. But talking about sex, talking about love even, it’s never been something they’ve tread near.
“The science of course. Though it is a rather handy background to have as one ages out of one’s profession.”
Sherlock sighs, withering. “Self-deprecation is not attractive, or conducive to what we’re considering, currently.”
He types it carefully into the tiny, white window and stops, index finger shifting to and hovering over the “delete” button. Sherlock tugs at his hair with his free hand, simultaneously completely irrational for needing human interaction and desperately in need of someone to talk to, and is confused that he’s even considering any of this as valid.
John pressed his lips together in frustration, but crossed the room with Sherlock in tow; they flung themselves into the cupboard just as the front door rattled and opened. Sherlock stumbled and John fell into the wall, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder to steady himself.
, he feels positively alive. Sherlock glances around the room, his eyes falling on his laptop and he slips into a seat at the table, coat still on, and boots the machine up. He begins a rudimentary search of the case, looking for any news articles that mention similar details. He logs into his email, prepared to send off a series of questions to D. I. Lestrade, when he notices a new, unread message from John5NF.
“I am sorry,” Sherlock replied, voice just above a whisper, and he bent until his lips rested on John’s brow.
Sherlock stills entirely, blinking silently at John. When it’s apparent that Sherlock isn’t following the thread of John’s own thought, he explains, “Want to, you know, savor this.”
Not long after they had wheeled John into an exam room, Greg arrived and informed Sherlock that the IOC was currently devising a plan for the finals in the men’s downhill event, but the ordeal with Moriarty had thrown the situation into a type of chaos that they clearly were not prepared for.
“Of course not,” John says, know he shouldn’t take the bait, but he’s so emotionally raw and quite upset and he wants to make Sherlock hurt. It’s vindictive, it’s cruel and childish, but he wants to get a rise out of the stoic machine Sherlock Holmes. “Because the man I’m meeting is nothing like you. He’s clever, and funny, he’s got a cracking sense of humor-”
on him. He knows it’s completely ridiculous, but he can’t stave the feeling that he’s done something disingenuous. John slows to a jog as he mulls it over.
Sherlock considers for a moment, tapping his chopsticks against his plate. “That garrotting I was telling you about. I placed the murderer by accurately comparing the strangulation marks on the victims by infiltrating a coffee shop in the area and using invisible dye to mark cups. From there I measured the grip range, and worked off of a fairly well-done psychological profile, looked to the regulars who frequented the shop and found the suspect.” Sherlock says it like it’s nothing, like it the most common solution in the world, but the genius of it stops John’s chewing.
“Sherlock?” John asks and he’s tugged from the complex web of his own thoughts to focus on the information in front of him. He sinks back into his file with a feigned sense of purpose, and finds himself passing the short time examining the crime scene photos, simply for future reference.
“He’s a surgeon, but after being in combat for years he’s looking for something a little less exciting,” Mike fills in for him and John releases a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding. He’s not quite sure whether to feel grateful or upset for Mike glossing over his history.
His lips twisted in annoyance but he didn’t slow his pace, just following the flow of people until the last of the group he’d followed with broke off and into a bar. Sherlock didn’t know where he was but he knew it wouldn’t be difficult to find his way back so he cut to the right, down a small avenue that funneled back out onto a larger boulevard.
“Because… well, isn’t that what people do?” Sherlock is becoming agitated, but John waits it out. “Anniversaries?”
After rinsing himself in the shower, Sherlock toweled off and meandered naked back into the bedroom. He crawled into bed, settled his wet head against the pillow and stared up at the ceiling. He’d raced unbelievably today and he could be proud of the time he’d put up. If only his nemesis hadn’t been so close on his heels, he would surely have felt much better.
“Alright,” John said, annoyed. “You gave me twenty minutes, it was the best I could do. Couldn’t just run down to that corner shop and pick up a set, you berk.”
“Alcoholic parents, obvious, the way you’re very cautious about the amount of alcohol you imbibe.” He couldn’t stop himself; the words came, ringing out between them. Sherlock could feel the next deduction bubbling up within him and felt helpless to stop it. This had been an issue for him in the past, causing alienation and anger; generally he used it as a defense mechanism to keep others away. It was second nature to him now, and the observations came before he could process them properly.
The realization hits him that now, from here on out, he can do this–kiss Sherlock like he wants to, rest his hands on Sherlock’s body to provide comfort and pleasure. Sherlock’s tongue slicks in atop John’s and for a moment John thinks he may pass out from the sheer intensity of it all, the mental and physical realization that they can have this now.
His team met him at the prepping area, all looking a bit worse for wear. Molly did her best to hide her face between her hat and her scarf, eye squinting even behind the sunglasses she wore. Hair braided into pigtails, steps shuffling through the snow rather than stomping, gait shorter; she was slightly hungover and had surely gotten Lestrade
“Listen, he’s already waist deep, it certainly can’t hurt, and since he already knows what’s going on he
“Shut up,” Sherlock says with a sad smile. “He bought me a drink. A drink I didn’t want. I wanted—was there for—something else. Wanted, ehm, a quick trip to the loo would be a way to put it without being crass,” and he smiles at that too, at withholding a deliberately obscene description.
With a last wiggle of his arse, Sherlock got into position behind the gate, hunching low on his skis and looking down the magnificently blanched mountain. His team melted into the background and all Sherlock could hear was the whipping of the wind and then three starter beeps.
The final for the alpine downhill was in three days, and he and Moriarty would no doubt be the top qualifiers in the race. That didn’t give him much time to concoct many viable avenues of attack, and his newfound responsibility of providing the officials with a burden of proof they couldn’t ignore would certainly impinge on his generally tidy and focused state of mind.
Sherlock groaned and pressed his face back into the pillow, delighting in John’s answering laughter. John dropped a kiss into Sherlock’s hair and made to leave, but not before Sherlock turned and called out to stop him.
Sherlock doesn’t look at him but maneuvers to pour a bit of the epsom salt he keeps beneath the sink into the tub. “You should undress,” he says, and disappears quickly, through the door to his room.
John nodded for a few long moments as he regarded Sherlock with calm eyes. “A chemist… who is a professional skier…”
When he returns to the living room, Sherlock’s back is against the sofa where John had just been, one knee bent, as he flicks through photos taken at crime scenes over the years. “I must have wasted so much ink, printing these... “
Sherlock grunts, heaving another box on top of the two in front of him. “More newspapers,” he mumbles as he slides those three over to John as well.
“Three years ago I successfully proved at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking.” John smiles at him, first with his eyes, then at his whole face.
John’s gaze tore back across the room to meet Sherlock’s and they stared at one another for a long beat. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel that his entire future hinged on this one moment. He held his breath, his pulse hammering painfully in his throat while he waited for John’s decision.
John’s gaze flicks from Sherlock’s pocket—dangerously close to looking at his arse there, Watson!—to his face. “What things?”
When Sherlock wakes--having slept an astonishing five hours--he reaches immediately for his mobile. He makes a show (for no one but himself) of sifting through his email, of checking the comments on his website, just to prove that he
He was in the midst of reviewing what he knew - head tipped back and eyes shifting beneath closed lids - when there was a pounding at his room door. Startled out of his reverie, he bounded up from the bed and tossed open the door, realizing rather belatedly that he was naked save for a pair of black boxer briefs.
“Shut up,” John groans, tossing an arm over his eyes briefly, slides up next to Sherlock’s tacky body.
Sherlock sighs and John watches as he runs two fingers up the length of his cock. Transfixed, John finds he can’t move, frozen by the slow intimacy of watching Sherlock touch himself.
Even as he stares down at the question he’s posed, he feels foolish and wrong-footed and entirely ridiculous; god, having emotions is exhausting, Sherlock thinks. Why is he reaching out to a stranger for-
“Mmm, no, I live just upstairs you see. But you, well… live on the other side of the city? Are here on a Tuesday evening drinking coffee. Pressed shirt, bit of gel in your hair. And aftershave,
By the time he makes it back to his bedsit it is dusk, and he’s contemplating whether or not he wants to bother eating dinner. He’s not hungry, hasn’t felt hungry in ages; he just feels tired, as though he’s living years within the space of a day. It’s another telltale sign of his depression, and he wonders how long he can possibly live while feeling like this. The sensation of being aloof and leaden at the same time confuses him, and he rests for a moment with his head hanging.
It’s rounding half-nine and Sherlock notes the fact that in a little under thirty-six hours, he will be meeting John5NF just a short distance away. Sherlock lets Redbeard get a bit of a lead as he half-heartedly makes to snap at some much-faster birds, and his mind wanders.
Hips move, unhurriedly; they have all the time in the world. John tipping over Sherlock’s torso, his lips smearing against Sherlock’s chin. “God, you, you…”
Fingers made their way to the flesh at John’s hips and Sherlock slid down, trailing kisses and tongue all the way, making a point to glance up at John in that moment. Sherlock knew the effect it had on him, when he was poised to take John's cock into his mouth, the way John liked to see the desire in his eyes just before contact. After a moment, John tore his arm away from his face and glanced down, groaning loudly at the sight of Sherlock, mouth open and waiting.
And so Sherlock grumbles to himself and constructs a basic salad with spinach pilfered from his landlady, chopping up a carrot that had surely seen better days to add some color to the proceedings. He eats it all and then gobbles down the eclair with a bit less guilt.
“And I’ll be needing the black gloves, not the green ones, post haste, chop chop!” Sherlock tested the goggles against his skull, pulled them off and readjusted, ignoring Molly’s insinuation entirely.  It was only a moment before she returned, gloves in hand and a knowing smile on her lips.
He can feel his face racing through different emotions, and he can’t stop it. Confusion, anger, sadness, disbelief, frustration, they all coalesce as he says, “Wait…with…no…”
After his first Olympics in Salt Lake City, Sherlock had realized that the dorm-living situation was not to his liking. The other athletes treated their time away as an excuse to party and have sex, neither of which particularly interested Sherlock. The athletes were some of the most fit and beautiful people it the world; it made sense that things tended towards the carnal and physical. Sherlock had no time to indulge in such mindless pleasures, so he left the lesser minds to the more base pleasures, putting in more time in the gym and on the slopes, improving.
As good as he looked, his tendency to don himself in bespoke garments caused him problems. He was stereotyped by the masses almost immediately, not to his surprise. Not favoring the rowdy and bohemian behaviors his fellow skiers tended to indulge in after long runs on the course, he was first pegged as a loner, then as an outcast, and then people began to speculate.
Sherlock took a seat towards the back, against the window. On long flights he found he could zone out and retreat to his mind, review his runs on various courses, dissect ways to attack the course ahead. He didn’t sleep but he would close his eyes and relax into it, the hum of the plane assisting in drawing him from reality and sharpening his focus.
After his third day of press, filming three spots for the BBC sports retrospective on the Olympics, and numerous sit-ins with Mike Tirico giving expert opinions on both men’s and women’s downhill, Sherlock decides that it’s time for a break.
“Sorry,” John is confused, pressing his fore and middle finger to the center of his forehead and interjects. “Are you quoting
“Hey,” John says, stepping alongside Sherlock, close enough that he can feel the heat from Sherlock’s body.
John shrugs, taking a step back. “Well, well. Yeah, sorry about this one. He tends to, you know, not remember things that aren’t directly related to him.”
“For christ’s sake,” Sherlock mumbles. He leans forward, and presses their mouths together. “Stop talking,” he says against John’s lips, breath gusting over John’s parted mouth.
John goes to his stomach and presses his face in, fully, Sherlock arse pressing against his cheeks as John laps and presses, teases at his rim until Sherlock is wriggling against the pillow beneath him. There’s a smile then, right against Sherlock’s body, and maybe Sherlock feels it, because he lets out a tortured groan and thrusts his hips backward, knocking John off course.
Sherlock’s breath caught and his mouth parched; his heart racing out of control. He would swear that John could hear it from where he stood. “When all this is over, what?” Sherlock asked, voice still sleep-rough.
He’s so swept up in his sweet thoughts that it startles him mightily when Sherlock’s right eye pops open. “John, stop watching me sleep.”
“Hey,” John huffs out, feeling his blood simmering, “I, uh, can we slow down?” John manages shakily, glancing up at Sherlock briefly; he slows the hands that are working Sherlock out of his clothing, tempering himself. His hands instead fall to the curve of Sherlock’s hips and hold.
“No you’re not, I…” Sherlock places his palms flat on the table. “I’ve known Molly for six years. She’s smarter than she lets on, it’s quite a skill to have, I appreciate it. I’m aware that she may have a fondness for me, though that’s not really my area.” Sherlock says everything in a rush and John finds that he’s a bit stunned by the amount of information he’s been given.
The 35-year-old, now in the twilight of his career, is going to Sochi to compete in his fourth and final Olympic games, where he assures me he intends to take gold. “I’ve just completed one of the best seasons of my career,” he tells me as he adds a heaping scoop of sugar to his tea. “My body is capable, my mind is focused; I’m ready.”
Sherlock huffs out a laugh, his head tipping back to rest on the couch. “One would think that with a nickname Three Continents Watson, that this would be of no surprise. Unless.”
It’s raining when he steps onto the pavement and he’s forgotten an umbrella. He feels hollow and unmoored and can’t even begin to find the energy to just turn around, go back and retrieve a brolly, so he walks to the restaurant in the steady drizzle. John smiles at the waitress at the appropriate time but there’s no feeling behind it; he’s kind and courteous and goes through the routine of acting like a normal human person like he’s on autopilot, or as though it’s all coming from muscle memory.
Lips pursed, Sherlock’s face withers; he had assumed that Lestrade understood that he wasn’t interested in things of that nature. Apparently, he’d put far too much faith in the man. “Not… really my area.”
“Yeah,” John replies. “Good. And uh, you take your coffee black with two sugars? Just for, you know, future reference.”
The left side of John’s mouth jumped and he pressed his lips together, pausing for a moment. Sherlock could see the gears turning in John’s mind. “Hmmmm, suite?”
John leans back against his booth and takes a sip of his water. “I know that story,” he mentions, good-naturedly, but a touch annoyed. Sherlock glances back at him at that, and they both share a half smile. The moment holds, just the two of them gazing at one another.
They climbed the stairs up to 221B very slowly; neither one of them seemed to want to rush the evening. Sherlock was rather enamored with the idea of taking his time with all of this, as they had done in Spain. Sherlock had had John’s body many times already, had traced the scars with his tongue, the length of muscles with his fingers, but he still felt as though he needed longer, more intense study. He needed days, weeks,
He’ll go down in history as the only man to ever medal in any skiing event for Great Britain, let alone secure the gold. It’s likely to keep him relevant for years to come, unless another skier comes along to change that. It’s an incredible feat, something he’s proud of, but to have trained his entire life to achieve just that and to then be left without the sport is difficult, even for a man like Sherlock Holmes.
But John, dependable, intelligent, strong, handsome, perfect John Watson just says, “Yes,” with a definitive nod of his head, and Sherlock feels the air punched straight out of his lungs.
Sherlock sighs heavily through his nose, finally reaching across–John’s eyes carefully watching the movement–to cup John’s right knee with his palm. It’s the most forward, tactile act Sherlock has made since John’s breakdown in this very room. It’s causes a tsunami to well up within John, make him feel as though his body needs to crash into Sherlock’s, throw the together, meld them. “You speak as though any of that is unappealing. There’s little I don’t know about you John, and nothing I wouldn’t accept as simply a part of the man you are. I, on the other hand…” Sherlock folds his hands in his lap, oddly prim and proper.
“Get on with it, then, you deviant,” John says, smacking Sherlock’s chest lightly and takes Sherlock’s mouth again, is delighted when longer fingers curve around his arse. John’s fingers find the fine hair at Sherlock’s nape and stroke, ridges and whorls gliding over curls.
He maneuvers up the bed so that he’s level with Sherlock, and presses his lips to Sherlock’s cheek, just by his ear. “You feel marvelous,” he whispers and Sherlock answers in a breathy laugh, his hips rising to meet John on the downstroke. Every movement feels carefully planned, and entirely spontaneous, John taking himself by surprise.
Phil presented him with some Rossignols, top of the line and not yet on the market, and Sherlock sat back to admire them. “They’re waxed?”
Sherlock is very nearly certain that all air has been sucked out of the room, making it impossible for sound to travel.
Sherlock stands abruptly and faces John. He straightens his spine to stand at his full height and John finds himself standing up a bit taller as well. “The press, they’re always clamoring. After the incident with
“You were on site, I take it,” Sherlock said quietly, padding over to stand closer to John; he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to touch, but he could remain close in the case that John needed comfort.
“You’re not coming with me to Barcelona,” Sherlock said even as he spun around in front of John, dancing to the absurd song.
“I know someone, I have a contact in the British government who could… help you, get you out of the country.” He sucked in a breath and let his eyes fall closed. “Just, please.” A small part of him withered at having to beg, but he knew that he’d stop at little to ensure that John was safe.
“Yeah. Yeah, yeah,” John nods, eyes still focused on the door. “Just, sorry, what did you give him?”
“Well,” Sherlock began, before realizing that he’d stopped mid-text and finishing off a request to have Lestrade meet them back at Sherlock’s room that evening. Sherlock had no idea what was special about the wax they'd just found, but he had a team of people who might know and those people would need convincing before they'd help. Lestrade's new...thing... with Molly made him perfect for the job - and though Sherlock was reluctant to bring him on, he knew he didn't really have a choice. He'd just have to hope Lestrade wouldn't cock up his process.
His pointer finger pokes at the screen gently and John glances up the road with a smile and finally crosses the street.
“Arse,” John mumbles, just loud enough that Sherlock knows that it’s not meant to be under his breath. Again, Sherlock finds himself smiling; he feels it on his face, stretching his cheeks to their limit and he has to work to get his senses in check.
He’d have a shower, make his calls to John and Molly and set about drinking the entirely of the hotel’s supply of bottled water.
He was lucky to have accommodations in a resort that was reportedly filled with foreign press and special park personnel. Slumping in the elevator, he stabbed at the button for five, leaning back into the corner of the rising box until the cheerful jingle of the bell announced his floor.
Sherlock’s obvious oversight mocked him and he grit his teeth hard as he pulled on the rest of his kit, shrugging into his heavy team parka and loading his gear bag and determinedly
A snap of John’s hips and Sherlock stutters forward, elbow slipping against wrinkles in the covers. A moment later, John’s arm scoops beneath his hips and pulls him not just back, but maneuvers him up until Sherlock’s back is to John’s chest, and John’s cock presses that much deeper. Sherlock’s quads burn but he pushes that sensation aside in favor of marveling at just how full up he feels.
John’s face morphs into dull disbelief and then he barks out a laugh, turns to look at the baristas himself. “Of course they do, they’d have to.”
“Congratulations, gentlemen,” the woman said kindly as Sherlock and the other two medalists where lined up, just a few feet away from the Olympic podium. Sherlock stood silent and ramrod-straight--surprised not that he was taking it all in but that he was becoming sentimental over it--and waited for the processional to begin. He’d been lined up just like this many times before, but he’d never been in the middle of the three. He’d never been poised to take the gold level on the podium.
Sherlock returns to Baker Street, itching to speak of his evening plans aloud, just to get his thoughts in order. It’s an odd feeling; generally, he talks to himself, sorts himself out eventually. But at the moment, he needs someone to speak
The crisp knock at the door startled Sherlock out of his stasis and he checked his watch; eight on the dot. Pressing his palms down against the front of his trousers, he took a deep breath, released it, and opened the door.
Harping on it at the moment, however, would do him no good, so he closed his eyes and tried to even his breathing, dropping off to a light sleep after long minutes. Sherlock hovered in slumber, half in it, half out, the afternoon sunlight slinking slowly across the bed, warming his ankles and knees before it disappeared altogether.
“Right,” Sherlock says and takes a step toward John, thinks better of it, and shuffles backward. “How shall I…”
“Have you any plans for after all of this wraps up?” Sherlock attempted to sound nonchalant, though he couldn’t help but speculate as to what would become of
“My room key doesn’t seem to be working now,” he said, flicking the card down against the wood laminate countertop at reception. Any and all patience he’d had he’d used when dealing with the small gaggle of fans; now, he was just tired and sore and jet-lagged.
“Do you remember,” John begins, voice low, “the day after we met. I came to the flat to give it a look and thought it was just, chaos.” He laughs to himself and runs his lips against Sherlock’s shoulder. “And all of a sudden, you were whirling around, tossing things in boxes, trying to tidy. I think that’s when I… when it all started.”
Sherlock’s mind goes exceedingly, stunningly blank. He can manage breath, and his eyelids flutter in quick little blinks, but he’s otherwise silent and still. John just smiles serenely, reaches across to where Sherlock’s right hand rests on the table, and squeezes it. John goes about eating, shooting amused glances across the table until Sherlock snaps out of it.
John unclipped his seatbelt and turned his body towards Sherlock, pushing up the seat arm and allowing himself more space. Shoulders square, he appeared to be gearing up for a fight, or to defend himself; Sherlock couldn’t tell which. “Cross, and biathlon a few times.”
He also uses the opportunity to wrestle his phone from his pocket and check his email to ensure that he hasn’t received a message from Guest.
John hangs his head, drops his towel on the bannister and trudges back into the kitchen. “Yeah, hah. Thanks for that.”
Sherlock took a few steps towards him. “It is what it is. I hadn’t the faintest what the room was like when I booked it; I didn’t intend to spend much time here.”
It was all a bit too close to being properly domestic for he and Sherlock, though. Or, in John’s opinion, they were shifting closer and closer to a domestic partnership, a living situation much like they had prior to Sherlock’s disappearance, but now with added scars, ghosts, baggage, and, well… children.
Sherlock blinks, glances out the window and then back across the restaurant. He’s never felt so entirely out of his element . “Yes, well…” And then he’s at a complete and utter loss for words. This never happens to him and he begins to panic, throat seizing up, palms itching.
“Molls is it now?” Sherlock scoffed and crossed his arms haughtily over his chest, glaring at Lestrade. “What are you doing here anyway? You’re not my coach.”
It was a hunch but a good one, and Sherlock generally trusted his instincts when it came to skiing. Moriarty’s constant goading of him - while not strange - only helped to bolster Sherlock’s inner assertion that his suspicions were correct. But to prove it, to prove it he’d need time and access to Moriarty’s belongings; he’d need information.
His fingers drum just below the keyboard and John breaks into a grin, shakes his head and looks up at the ceiling, thrilled with his choice. He wonders how long he can wait before sending Molly a reply. Part of him doesn’t want to seem too eager, but the other part of him doesn’t give a toss and so he writes back that he can indeed start on Monday, and sends it off.
His fingers are poised over the keys to type, but he stops. He needs to be sure of what he wants to say, doesn’t want John to see the telltale ellipses bubbles and have to
John smiled back innocently and then leaned in, looking out over Sherlock’s right shoulder and growled, “There are so many things I’m going to do to you, you have
But as he stood in front of the symbol of the Games, he felt something shift minutely within him. He traced a finger over the flag on his sleeve and there was a pang of something in his chest, something light and delicate, and Sherlock tore his eyes away from the elaborate architectural swoop, shoved the feeling aside and continued on across the park, hands pushed deep into the pockets of his parka.
“Outside of testing the chemical makeup, I suppose we start by showing it to Phillip and Molly, see if they can place it or find out if any other athletes are using it. See if they can get us samples of the waxes everyone else is using, or at least the brand. I can compare it with samples that I've collected over the years.” Ski techs had been known to sample the waxes of other athletes, though usually not at the Olympic level. Sherlock knew Molly was quite familiar with many of the other competitors’ tech teams; she could attempt to covertly determine what others were using.
John huffed, “I most certainly did not! You just… look like the type of man who likes a good... experiment?”
“Yes, it is,” Sherlock smiled and dropped another kiss playfully onto John’s mouth. “But I like it.”
“What shall I do if he chooses a ridiculous restaurant? What if he chooses someplace—no, he won’t. John will choose somewhere warm and comfortable, because he’s warm and—no he’s not, he’s strong and willful and—but why can’t he be both of those things?” For a moment, Sherlock doesn’t realize that Redbeard is attempting to tug him closer to a tree.
Bending to remove his skis, he caught sight of a small group of people gathered near the entrance towards the grandstands. They were all wearing team Britain jackets but Sherlock couldn’t recognize any of them at a distance.
John’s laughter jostles Sherlock’s body; their skin peels away from one another, a little sting. “‘Right, didn’t have to, but-”
He blinks his eyes open once when Redbeard saunters in and hops up onto the bed; once the dog is settled, Sherlock closes his eyes once more and very nearly has to force himself to sleep but manages it eventually.
John paused, turned and stood, a few scant feet between them; he said nothing, just gazed at Sherlock expectantly.
Upon returning to his room, Sherlock tossed himself onto his bed, not bothering to turn on the light in the quickly darkening space; they’d lingered at the restaurant until the sun had begun to slip away. He felt positively alight, good deep down to his marrow, and he wanted to savor the sensation for as long as possible.
Sucking in a breath, Sherlock released it shakily and pressed his palms against the counter to steady himself. “Then why, might I ask, did the clerk who was here this morning hand me that very key and instruct me to proceed to room 509? The door to which I opened with, again,
“Your eyes linger on my chest in this shirt an average of two seconds longer than in anything else,” Sherlock mumbles, doing his best to rid himself of his socks while remaining upright and standing in front of John.
They settled down in the hot water, John behind Sherlock, who relaxed in the vee of his thighs. “Is this alright?”
He sends that off, feeling better for having admitted that he feels remorse at his words and actions and turns off the sound on his phone before placing it face down on at the side of his bed.
Sherlock’s hands steepled against his mouth, elbows resting against his knees as he thought. They’d need evidence, no doubt. Physical evidence that could be brought as proof; the connections Sherlock had made based on past incidents were suspect at best. Tapping his index fingers against his lips, he sat back, allowing his hands to fall into his lap. “True, and if Moran is managing his things we can only assume that they’ll be in Moran’s room when not in use. But there’s nothing for it, unfortunately; we’ll need to see his skis. We can’t be sure he wasn’t tampering with Hanzu’s skis, but they’ve likely been taken for evidence. If we can’t get Moriarty’s gear, then we’ll see what we can do about getting a look at Hanzu’s.”
Shrugging, Greg reached into his parka pocket and held out Sherlock’s sunglasses to him and - rather than making a snide comment to him about how Molly
Oh, it’s easier, and that’s precisely the problem. This is all becoming more and more personal, more and more like actual interaction. This isn’t something he
“Have to dash, suspicious death in a flat in Brixton, Lauriston Gardens. Spectacular sushi, really good, I’ll…” And with that, Sherlock is whirling into his coat and patting himself down to make sure he has everything. He takes one last look at John and then pulls on his scarf, even though it’s a nice, spring day out and hastily leaves the patio.
The woman interrupted him, pulling the microphone back to her lips; it picked at him, irritation flaring a bit. “It’s been said, or you’ve said in the past that you commit the course to memory, is that something that most skiers do?”
, taking the first turn with very little effort at all; he’d have to remember the ease with which they responded. If he threw too much weight into a turn he’d skid out. Sherlock committed the note to memory in a split second and focused on the next bit of the course. He focused precisely on the stetch of snow in front of him, shifting his knees and his hips, faltering slightly as he hit a carved section of the snow. Righting himself with an adjustment to his pole, he flew over a small but significant jump.
John purses his lips at that, moving the mouse around and clicking on various links. Though it’s an unverified health advice site, after awhile of perusal, John finds that many of the people spouting diagnostics and suggestions seem to be hitting the nail on the head. The layout of the site is sleek and uncomplicated, with a few ads in the sidebar, but nothing ostentatious.
“Such an arsehole,” says John, although he’s already working on Sherlock’s trousers, taking only a small modicum of care as speed is the real issue. Sherlock lifts and shimmies and John manages to get Sherlock nude with relatively little fumbling. “Oh well that’s… just look at that.”
Sherlock smiles at him then, the stiffness leaving his body as he leans back in his seat, draping his arm across the back of the chair of which he’s abreast. “That’s not what people normally say.”
“I do not believe it was a matter of luck or a matter of fate, but a very sound and intelligent decision made by Gregory Lestrade to bring each and every one of you on. I know what people say about my ego and temperament and I’m not saying that the rumors are true or not.”
Lestrade made his appearance then, a cup of coffee in hand, head swallowed by the enormous hood of his parka. “Good of you to show up,” Sherlock lashed out, checking the bindings on his skis.
After a moment, Sherlock presses his mouth into the duvet. “I hate the Olympics,” comes a lethargic little grouse.
His free hand came up to brush against John’s clothed thigh. “I can work with that.” He manhandled John onto his back, John chuckling as he allowed Sherlock to have his way. He managed to undo John’s belt and tug it away from his jeans, the leather catching on the denim once or twice, causing John to have to shift his body this way and that.
“He said it’s like I’m enjoying myself.” His forehead met the cool glass, his skin causing the window to fog around the point of contact.
“Sushi,” Sherlock decides and turns on his heel, knowing full well that a lunch of sushi more than overshadows coffee, but Sherlock finds himself wanting to owe John Watson one.
Biting at his own bottom lip, Sherlock heaved in a large breath, gearing up for what he was about to say. “John you should know… I don’t do… this.”
that they’d broken in, Sherlock was certain they’d left no evidence. He was sure there had been no surveillance. There was no proof.
He’s not sure how he would have survived the intervening years between Sochi and now without John; he’s rather sure he’d likely have lost his mind, though he’d admit that to no one.
Sherlock frowns, wonders what the etiquette is for a situation such as this. Should he get John’s attention? He doesn’t have to think on it further, as John glances down at either of his pockets and shuffles on his feet.
“You did this for me?” John asks, though he knows the answer. He’s bowled over by the gesture, really. For someone who so insisted that he hated every sort of romance, Sherlock’s doing a pretty bang up job, in John’s estimation.
“What now?” John asked, eyes bright and clear and focused. Sherlock gave him a look over; he seemed excited, intent, anticipatory. Sherlock was pleased, pleased that he’d been right about John’s thirst for danger, pleased that Sherlock could quench it a bit. Moreover, he found it rather brilliant that John had suspected Moriarty from the start and that he was not only willing but eager to help find proof.
“You’re a soldier,” Sherlock said quietly, watching as John’s eyes narrowed as he nodded. “A doctor, both occupations which rely heavily on trust. Quite fit, too, able to hold your own in a fight.”
“Oh,” Sherlock sighed in equal parts pleasure and surprise as the muscles nearly immediately began to unwind.
associated with the Olympics. Shit, Sherlock, you know this might be moot; you don’t exactly have the most stellar of reputations, most people think you’re a right arsehole!”
“Not at all,” Sherlock replied, feeling as though his chest was expanding with the praise; his vision thrummed a little at the edge, his whole being pleased at John’s reaction. “People see, but they do not observe. One only has to look closely at you, really think about what they’re seeing.”
, tuckered out in Sherlock’s bed. His insides twisted at the thought of the right side of his spacious bed unoccupied, John gone from it. Sherlock was shocked to discover in that instant that he wanted John in his bed not just for the evening, but
“More than okay,” Sherlock whispers back, even as he reaches around and presses against the very edge of John’s hole.
“Biathlete turned doctor turned soldier turned ski team medic,” Sherlock mused, draining the dregs from his wine glass. “Quite the CV.”
John returns home, out of breath and giddy on adrenaline. He falls against the door to his flat once it’s closed and finds that he’s giggling under his breath. Being in Sherlock’s presence, watching him work, being able to lend his opinion on what happened to the body had been… invigorating.
“Oh, right.” John’s face flushes pink at the embarrassing oversight. He doesn’t want to concede anything to this very obviously haughty man; Sherlock’s entire bearing, from his posh clothes to his obvious public-school upbringing digs at the lower-class chip that John has on his shoulder.
Upon arriving at his flat, he goes about his evening as planned: he checks the decomposition rate of the tongues and notes them in a spreadsheet. He drinks a pot of tea with too much sugar and tunes his violin, though he does not play it. Eventually Redbeard trots to the door and waits patiently with his leash in mouth for Sherlock to recognize that the dog requires his evening walk. When they return from St. James, Sherlock wanders the flat, aimless, though not bored.
“Well, used to ski with my gramps, spent almost every holiday up north. He lived in Norway and that’s just what they did; he’d ski and he’d hunt. I was too short to really break onto the scene competitively but, well, it was a good workout, and I enjoyed it. And I was fairly good at it.”
He smiles to himself and Molly catches him at it, her eyes narrowing as she tries to figure him out; her tongue runs beneath her top lip and over her teeth as she makes an attempt at deducing him. “Right,” she says eventually. “Alright, well, thanks. I mean, thank you for the coffee Sherlock. We… appreciate it.”
“And the fact that Moriarty has acted like a massive cock to you,” John added wryly. “In front of other competitors.”
“Well, it looked like it was brilliant.” John’s tone was low and nearly petulant at Sherlock’s blasé attitude, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he sealed it lips up rather tightly.
He’s dressed with so much time to spare that he thinks he’s gotten ready far too early. He frets about, debates changing his shirt, his trousers, debates whether he should call the whole thing off again. It seems entirely futile, this entire process, and it makes him a bit melancholy. Do other people feel the same way about things of this nature? Do other people-smart people, brilliant people-feel like this around other people?
it. It really is as startlingly simple as that. Sherlock glances across the flat, eyes falling on random objects as he tries to decide if that’s really all that is. He looks forward to it; John5NF is interesting and amusing and quite intelligent, he’s come to find.
John’s eyes narrow suspiciously at him and he crosses his arms over his chest, a stance that Sherlock almost smiles outwardly at, so standoffish. “Why?”
“Sherlock, Sherlock, last time you were at the Games, it was tainted by the actions of James Moriarty. Are you worried-”
Sherlock put the phone down and sat back in shock. His fingers moved stiffly over the keys of his laptop as he pulled up information about Hanzu. He didn’t know much about the skier, other than that he was new on the scene and he’d been training for the games in Switzerland with a cutthroat American coach. No one had expected the twenty-something to medal, but they certainly hadn’t expected him to
“Right, okay, fine.” Lestrade sighs, jots down a note on a post-it and sticks it atop the file. “And what could I have possibly done wrong today to be graced with your presence?” There’s no heat behind the jab, and Lestrade finishes speaking with a sassy smile. While Sherlock may rub the rest of the squad the wrong way, he and Lestrade have known one another for so long that Sherlock’s more abrasive qualities are no longer the problem they once were.
The very last of Sherlock’s good mood evaporated and he tossed himself fitfully over onto his back, staring up at the blank, white ceiling. He was never outwardly riled by Moriarty, was rather proud of how composed he managed to be when they interacted at all; privately, Sherlock wanted to put his fist through a wall.
Japan’s Yuruhu Hanzu tragically crashed out on the Russian Trampoline portion of the Rosa Khutor downhill course this morning. A novice skier in his first Olympics, he was seen bobbling into the Trampoline and landed a jump on one ski, causing him to crash into the guard fence. He was seen being treated by course medics but was pronounced dead at the scene.
Sherlock was brought back to his hotel by a squadron of beefy Russian security officers; they got him through the sea of press that was waiting in front of the hotel and swept his room before leaving Sherlock to his own devices in a brand new room on the third floor.
His nose flares at the image, but Lestrade accepts Sherlock’s magnifier and checks out the photo. “Christ, the medical examiner couldn’t even get a look at that before they got him in a body bag. Wrong place, wrong time?”
“Oh, yes, right, sorry. I just saved you from being killed but right, definitely be a dick to me.” John’s arms came loose and Greg set about working on freeing John’s legs.
John drags the tip of his nose back and forth against Sherlock’s spine. “We’ll be alright,” he whispers.
who knows, it’s just neither of us needs this right now. You’re in the final and I… well, I’ll be recovering for the rest of the bloody month.”
John feels his cheeks flame, both from the idea that Sherlock has sex at alland from the images his mind unwittingly conjures for him. There’s a hard pit in his stomach, something uncomfortable, that always seems to form whenever John thinks about Sherlock being intimate in any way at all with a person other than himself.
“Yes,” Sherlock hisses. He twists his wrist, reaches further and massages John until he dips just inside. “Just want to feel you.”
John looked deep in concentration, reviewing the offerings carefully, running his finger alongside as he read. “Yeah this doesn’t… not a lot of this makes sense.”
“More than friend, John,” Sherlock says, and when John looks back on him, he’s looking at the floor. Perhaps Sherlock too feels like the packaging is still on their relationship. But he shouldn’t be meant to find any unsteady ground here.
John tossed a stack of mail down onto the coffee table and moved to lean against the divider between the sitting room and the kitchen. He cleared his throat, crossing his arms over his chest and appeared to be pondering what Sherlock had said. “...you’re already thinking NBC.”
Sherlock huffs a little laugh, picks at a piece of broccoli, and then just moves it about the plate. He feels uncharacteristically nervous, as though there is something fluttering inside of him, desperate to emerge. He glances briefly at John, and John gazes back..
Sherlock wonders briefly if this is the best tactic to use, if he does find that he can use flirting to help his cause. He wonders if this makes him cruel, like his words earlier in the day had made him seem. He wonders a lot of things as he drifts off.
“You said that about me, once,” Sherlock said, mock-melancholic. He pulled up a gallery of Gus Kenworthy photos and began to scroll through them.
Sherlock’s eyes grin before his mouth is let in on the secret. His face does a lovely little scrunch and then cracks open on pure delight. “Through here,” Sherlock gestures, oddly formal, into a room that’s so bathed in light that it’s nearly blinding.
He’s tearing off his dressing gown and tossing it away, moving bare through the kitchen to his bedroom and pulling on the nearest serviceable suit. He’ll take his Belstaff to the cleaners, he’ll get a coffee, he’ll visit Molly and-
Sherlock did as asked without another word, bringing John around the back of the villa using the least conspicuous path, the two of them moving together flawlessly, seamlessly. Their biceps were pressed tightly together as they made their way around the side of the building, and after John ducked around to ensure they were indeed alone, they made their way up the back steps.
Sherlock joins him a moment later, quickly unlacing his loafers and tugging off his socks before shuffling back up the bed, trousers still loose at his hips, grabbing John’s bicep and giving a hearty tug, hurrying him along.
“Evening,” he replied pleasantly, and held out the bottle of wine to him with one hand, “thought it would be appropriate.”
“No one,” he agreed, and thanked Greg when he placed a vodka soda with two limes down in front of him. Greg slid a pint across to John and took a sip of his own, jostling Sherlock over as he seated him across from Molly in the booth.
They stared at one another for a long moment, John’s swiping his tongue over his upper lip and eyes blown wide with arousal. Sherlock looked back at him, honest and open and just as aroused as John was. Sherlock blinked, took a step back and slid his fingers through the belt loops on John’s jeans. “You’ve had a long day,” he breathed. “Please consider staying here even if we don’t get up to anything.”
His orgasm takes him by surprise, mouth falling open in a perfectly round ‘o’ as he shakes through the pulses, come striping his stomach, chest, the bed before him. He holds himself straight through it and it’s ebbing as he hears John choke on an inhale and then shake against Sherlock’s back as he erratically thrusts his hips twice more.
“I’m simply ensuring that we won’t be plastered all over The Daily Mail tomorrow,” Sherlock said, and blinked at him as he turned to glance across the table. “I’d rather we both didn’t have to worry about our public image but, for the time being…”
Sherlock watches his cursor flicker and disappear in the reply box a few times before he takes another breath. The bones of his fingers very nearly vibrate as he types his response.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he sizes John up; when he opens his mouth to make a slightly-less-scathing-than-usual deduction, John is already speaking. “Right. Anyway, I’m headed to lunch if you wanted to…” John gestures with his thumb towards the elevator.
His tongue passed over his lips, Sherlock taking a breath and swallowing thickly. His fingers tapped against the tabletop. “I… see it in you. I see quite a lot about you, actually. I can’t help it, it’s second nature to me.” Sherlock picked at the skin around his thumbnail and did his best to keep his eyes on John’s face. “And I suppose I should mention that, I, I like what I see. Of you. All of it, it’s… good.”
“This is…” he sighs, glancing at all of the people in the park, at the couples strolling happily along hand in hand, at the pairs and groups of friends chatting and laughing. “Am I the only one who doesn’t understand this?”
John’s scowl is so fierce he can feel it in the bridge of his nose. “Right, yeah, well. You’re not staying, so, if you could. Thanks for being, you know, a dick. Thought that maybe after-”
There is a slightly-blurry but still readable image file of a medical chart. It was obviously taken in haste and John purses his lips at the screen, a little bubble of anger forming in his throat. Before he even bothers to look it over he sends Guest back,
They fall into companionable silence for awhile, both lost in their thoughts until Mike picks the thread of the conversation back up. “What about you? Any prospects on the horizon?”
They were left gazing at each other in the center of the sitting room, John smiling easily and Sherlock’s heart knocking about so viciously in his chest that he was certain it could be heard beating against his ribs. Sherlock was aware that he ought to say something, that as the seconds ticked by, the moment became more intimate and Sherlock was fast blanking on how to proceed.
He waits a beat for John to settle himself and passes his tongue over his lips, dipping his chin. The nerves threaten to make his voice tremble and so he takes a breath before proposing, “I’d hoped we could spend the evening together.”
For a moment in the air, everything went blissfully quiet and still; his breath halted in his chest and his mind blinked offline for the briefest of flashes.
“Says the man who somehow found the time to hang around at most of my training sessions with him. Tell me, was that you looking out for me or was it something else entirely?” Sherlock baited, grinning even as he did, imaging Mycroft simmering wherever he was.
He paces himself and tries to take it all in, and by the time he makes it at last to his desired exit gate, it’s been nearly two hours and his leg is beginning to protest. John ponders stopping for a coffee on his way to the Tube and hasn’t made up his mind when he hears someone calling out behind him.
A flood of relief coursed through him when he saw the minute rise and fall of John’s chest and he slumped down in his chair with the force of it. “Oh,” Moriarty said offhandedly, noticing the movement. “We picked up your boyfriend.
My profuse thanks to both Erin and Allison for their constant assistance and input; I truly could not have finished this piece without them.
John realizes how completely bonkers his life has become, thinking that flowers are strange and human blood in Tupperware is not.
“Yes,” John groaned, bucking up, their cocks rubbing together. Sherlock dipped and captured John’s lips in a sloppy kiss, their tongues languid and heavy, but the touch of their hands needy and rushed. “Yes, god, yes
“Nah, it’s all good. Everyone know that about Holmesie.” Sherlock scoffs audibly as Bode presses on. “He hates that name and we love that about him. You here for any events or…”
Sherlock hasn’t been able to mask his emotions as well as he had before he took the tumble off of Bart’s. He’s more human, more raw. He allows himself to speak of things that he never had before -- family, friends, death, his addiction. It’s not that he’s an entirely different person, but he is shedding some of the carefully-suited armor he’d developed over the years. The exoskeleton of indifference and indestructibility has been flaking away.
John was silent and still on his side, nearly two feet away from Sherlock. In the large bed, even if he wanted to touch John he’d have to make a point to uncurl and stretch over; they weren’t in any danger of spooning during the night, but they were two men in the same bed, in a place that wasn’t hospitable for homosexuals. He wasn’t sure his reputation could handle the scandal that might come with a photograph capturing him leaving another man’s room in the morning.
Sherlock turned the idea over in his head for a few long beats before he shrugged and settled back against a throw pillow. He glances down at their knuckles slotted alongside one another and sighed in concession. “He isn’t a complete moron; you’re likely correct.”
They were both slick with sweat, desperate for release, and when John leaned forward and bit Sherlock’s ear, Sherlock’s couldn’t help but buck up and meet him, thrust for thrust. The sound of skin slapping against skin was loud and lewd in the relative quiet of the room and it only served to ramp up Sherlock’s arousal. God, this was brilliant, it was fantastic, it was
“One needs only to see and put his mind to work,” Sherlock sipped primly at his water. “Though admittedly, most humans are outstandingly slow. Half of their brains must atrophy from underuse.”
Sherlock smiled to himself, swirling the flask carefully, the liquid sloshing in the beat of silence. “The Americans do like my accent, John.”
“I don’t want to say I was a bit of a delinquent, but several friends had parents with locked liquor cabinets…”
The media tent is an absolute circus when they arrive, and Sherlock rolls his eyes, annoyed that this is part of his commentator gig. John had reminded him what these events were like in person, and not to get snappish, but he couldn't help but get snappish when he was almost immediately approached by a microphone-wielding reporter.
,” Sherlock chants, eyes clear and open and present. They’re both wrecked, debauched beyond recognition.
Sherlock lifted the tray of ski bolts out of the way to reveal what was beneath, a selection of what looked to be waxes. They weren’t in standard containers; on each cover instead was scrawled writing in what Sherlock could recognize was Japanese. Opening one of the containers, he slid his fingers over the surface of one of the concoctions and noted it was quite a bit airier than any wax he’d used; it didn’t feel necessarily
John is seated on the floor, his back against the new, stiff leather sofa. There’s a pillow beneath his behind, his legs spread out into a vee before him, a cardboard box resting between. His head low, he rifles through the contents, pulling a file here, a stack of disorganized paper there.
far too personal. The bit about Redbeard, that had felt too much as well, but he’d had such a fantastic day--two tongues!--that he’d let his buoyant mood get the best of him. He’d told a complete stranger about his dog, the one thing in the world that he truly cared about.
John released Sherlock’s grip first and Sherlock watched the hand retreat, curling safely around the arm of the seat. Recognition lit in John’s eyes and he snapped his fingers together at placing who Sherlock was. “Oh you’re that downhill bloke who everyone talks about.” John’s voice wasn’t surprised or prying but was rather knowing, and he served Sherlock with a small smile. “Not as scary as they say.”
It was at that moment that the announcer called for the first skier to prepare to get to the gate, and the Norwegians, first and second on the list, began strapping their skies on. Sherlock watched for a moment, feeling a slight flurry of nerves pass through his stomach before turning his attention back to Lestrade. “We had dinner last night, that was… just dinner.”
“Hmmm,” came Sherlock’s response, eyes narrowing as he thought he recognized a reporter from the BBC. Hawkishly, he leaned further towards the bannister and scanned the crowd more thoroughly. He felt John tug his foot in an attempt to withdraw it from Sherlock’s hold, coming to the wrong conclusion about Sherlock’s inattention.
And if this was going to be his last race, he thought in that instant--feeling a thrill of confidence roll up his spine and pound in his temples--he was bloody well going to make it count.
“Love to,” Sherlock responded, his fingers passing over his pocket where the wax was sandwiched between his identification card and Barclaycard. He’d find out soon enough what exactly Moriarty was up to.
Sherlock blinked at the snow, at the reporter, at the stands where the fans were awaiting the arrival of the Austrian currently on the course. He looked past the glare of the sun at John, who was half-hidden by another medic but who was watching him casually, as though he didn’t really care what was happening with Sherlock.
A moment later, John was next to him on the sofa, asking him to budge up and pulling Sherlock’s legs across his own thighs. His brow furrowed though he said nothing and after pausing briefly to crack his knuckles, John brought his hands to Sherlock’s calves, pushed up his track trousers and began to apply pressure.
Sherlock slept a dreamless sleep and awoke feeling heavy and sore, as though someone had attempted to extract the bones from his body right through his skin. Carefully, he turned onto his side and blinked his eyes open, focusing on the bedside clock. He’d been out for fifteen hours solid, though he still felt like he could use another month or so.
John peeks up, lips pursed, and finds Sherlock wearing a completely blank expression. It’s only a beat before they’re giggling, John drawing Sherlock into his body and holding him fiercely close, face in Sherlock’s stomach as their giggles peter out.
“Fuck,” Sherlock said, curling his arms around John’s back and pulling him down to the bed. “Indeed.”
Instead of answering each and every one, he notes the time is still fairly early and gives her a call. They end up speaking for an hour about his qualifications and when he hangs up, he sighs with a real sense of having accomplished something.
“Yes. It could have,” Sherlock whispered and stared up at John in wonder. His eyes flickered briefly to Greg, who’d tipped his head back against the wall and closed his eyes.
Sherlock’s gaze flickers down to John’s hands, where they’re pressed as fists to his chest, and then back to his eyes. “You need this position, at least for the time being, and Molly is technically your supervisor and Molly is… enamored of me.”
When he peeled his eyes back open, it was to the sight of the commission members staring down at him--at
It seemed impossible that this would be the last time he would burst through the starting gate, the last time he would cross an Olympic finish line.
Two buttons on Sherlock’s shirt had been undone but John had made no move to go any further. Sherlock was grateful for this; this seemed like something he should take his time with and tend to. As much as his obvious arousal made his desire plain, he wanted to do this thing with him and John
decided to cautiously consider a friend was a terrible, terrible idea. Sherlock quickly wrapped up his shower and stepped out into the steamy room.
Sherlock frowned, and licked his lips. He had his stock answer, his cold, controlled, post-race diatribe. But it was the last time he’d be giving an interview like this, and truth be told, things
John blots his mouth as he says, “Not nothing.” He takes a breath, places his napkin back in his lap and rests his hands on the table, as though preparing for battle. “You miss the competition.”
Molly pulled her grin into a small, pursed smile. “Right, yeah. John’s your friend, I think that’s fantastic, for what it’s worth. And by the way? I’m your friend too, that’s why when you say all of those awful things, I don’t slap you.”
Sweat rolled over his temples and the hollow of his back; he felt it soak through the front of his shirt. It felt
“We need to interview the McCann widow tomorrow,” Sherlock says, voice completely level and serious.
“It’s the Olympics, John,” Sherlock murmured, dipping to speak right next to John’s ear. “You’re going to need to think bigger.”
“I’m sure it’s fine. It’s all fine,” John said softly and turned back to the window. “Wonderful view.”
Gravel and snow crunched beneath his boots, the sound familiar and pleasant, and Sherlock hitched his bag higher up on his shoulder as he walked beside his ski team towards the prep area.
He turns the taps to his desired temperature and just watches the tub fill for a bit. When it’s mid calf, John tosses in the white ball and is shocked to see it start fizzing wildly. The scents release, invigorating and fresh; he’ll have to remember to thank Molly.
John smirks back, shifting so that he’s resting more loosely. “The hair product, the couture clothes, the penchant for the dramatic. You’re a stereotype!”
Bode laughs, shaking his head, as John holds out his hand and they shake, as Sherlock continues texting.
“Ah,” was all Sherlock said, and he stood there looking blankly over at John; waiting for what, he was unsure. It felt as though he were underwater; his vision rippled and swam and his limbs felt heavy. All he wanted to do was crawl into the nearest bed and sleep it off.
Sherlock glances down from the cup to John, and smiles. “I do.” He ducks his head, takes a hearty swig of his coffee and nods at John as he maneuvers around him, towards the door.  “Good day,” he says, and he grins as he
to do with it.” He served Sherlock with a toothy, terrifying grin.  Sherlock glared back, even as he heard a low groan from across the room as John came to; he didn’t waiver, not for a moment, didn’t give into the temptation.
you. Want to get to know you more, want to… I don’t know, this all sounds rather exciting though. This investigating a murder business,” John finished with a flourish, cheeks flushed from his diatribe as he stopped and stood with his hands on his hips.
“Student, employee, what’s the difference. You get paid now, I suppose, but it’s the same hoops you have to jump through.”
Lestrade blanched immediately, freezing with his pint halfway to the tabletop; and there it was, the split second of attempting to veil his true desires, and Sherlock knew he could hone in easily for the kill. He shifted from foot to foot and glanced away from Sherlock, uncomfortable, aware he was about to be flayed open.
Sherlock could feel John’s head rocking against his chest, nodding. “I know that, I know. It’s just…” He pulled his face back, looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and smiled sadly. “I don’t know,” He blew out a breath and stepped out of the circle of Sherlock’s arms to slump back down into the couch. “And I don’t know why I came here.”
Lestrade hangs up and gestures, resigned, to the one of the empty chairs in front of his desk. “The neighbor, the dog groomer and, well, the daughter, of course,” Sherlock says as he secures his coat around himself and plunks down. “You’ll want to check with all of them.”
And so they strolled along much as they had the night previous, Sherlock allowing John to steer them through the crowds. Sherlock was stopped twice by well-meaning passersby, wishing him luck and asking for a photograph. John stood back with a smile each time, graciously accepting the camera and snapping the shot, holding his chuckles for after the people had retreated.
“The first three turns were sloppy, there’s no surprise that he’s going into the middle of the run off-kilter. That second dip of the shoulder was what tripped him up, he was a little bit surprised by that bobble. Needs to keep his head up and focus, if he hopes to even show his face next season.” That critique goes to a Norwegian skier who is arguably one of the best in the world, though relatively new to the scene.
, is all that Sherlock can think to respond with, which displeases him greatly and sends him, frowning, to sit in his chair, his laptop perched on his knees.
The lodgings too were structured in a way to foster camaraderie amongst the attendees. The athletes were placed in dorms usually of two or more, unless a member wished to fund their own, individual room.
Lips twisting in amusement, Sherlock ran his fingers over the instruments and then slid them possessively around John’s wrist. “You’re sure,” he said quietly, meeting John’s eyes with an intense gaze. “Absolutely sure that you want to do this. I can’t guarantee that we’ll come up with anything. I can’t guarantee that you’ll… that we won’t both be tarnished in the end.”
Moran did as bid, tipping John’s chair back and dragging him over to the center of the room where Sherlock was. Moriarty gave the rolling chair a little shove and sent Sherlock into John’s side, their biceps cushioning the blow against one another.
“I love you, John,” comes Sherlock’s admission, anguished this time. “I didn’t… know it would feel like this.”
“So you’re saying…” John clears his throat, feels as though he should say this as clearly and succinctly as possible. He speaks slowly, in clear, meted words. “You want to,” he looks for the words, works his jaw, and tries to find any other way to say it. When he can’t, John gives a sigh and says, “Grow old together. You, me, Rosie... everything that comes with that.”
“Yes,” John gasps, suddenly completely attentive, watching as Sherlock’s lithe body stretches taught.
better. His official time of two minutes, 6.09 seconds startled him, however; to his knowledge, it was the fastest time that anyone had clocked on the training runs thus far.
Frustrated and a bit raw and tired from the sheer load of emotions he’s experienced over the past day, he slams his laptop closed. For a bit he wanders the kitchen, attempting to decide which one of his experiments requires attention, but eventually he gives up and retreats to his bedroom.
There’s a hum against his skin, reverberating through his backside, and John manages to slide his tongue against Sherlock’s rim as he strokes Sherlock inside. Knees slip wider and his hands reach for purchase, finding it in the plush comforter. He can’t help it, he rocks back into John’s mouth and John tugs him back, encouraging.
Sherlock blinked twice and ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth, gathering saliva. “Key card didn’t work and every single member of the staff seem to have disappeared.”
His skin felt stiff and starchy and he distantly recalled that he hadn’t had the chance to moisturize after his run on the slopes; he’d need to get into his room as soon as possible, go through his routine,
Sherlock’s hands fold primly on the table before him, and he clears his throat quiet daintily before speaking. “For instance, does one simply lay out the exact minutes, hours, days, since realizing one is so deeply in love with someone, right at the table?” Sherlock allows the words to land, allows John to hear them, leans in so that their heads are closer together, never breaks eye contact. They’re both breathless and stunned by the frank confessions that it feels like a blessing when Sherlock breaks the tension, “Does one wait to order wine to say all of that, or is that better confessed prior to?”
,” John said again, against Sherlock’s mouth, threading his fingers deeply into Sherlock’s thick curls.
It’s a sunny, balmy late afternoon as they walk among the tourists in Regent’s Park, the dog keeping to Sherlock’s right, uninterested in the birds or the passersby who speak to him in disgusting childish voices. It seems as though Redbeard knows his owner needs him, and he keeps close by until Sherlock begins to speak.
He joined John, shouting at the top of his lungs once again, voice breaking with the force of it as he felt hope slip away. Moran bent over, grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and was about to bring a fist down against the side of his face when there was a rattling at the door. Everyone froze for a split second and then simultaneously John and Sherlock began screaming and thrashing.
It’s the first time in a very long time that he’s bothered to think about how others view him while simultaneously not giving a toss.
Sherlock licked his lips and mirrored John’s position. He steeled himself, swallowed and asked, “Well, I was wondering… wanna see some more?”
He was staring at the ceiling when Great Britain was called and was prodded along by Jenny Jones, who he graced with a scathing glare before righting himself and marching up the ramp. Sherlock did his best to plaster on a grin - the sponsors would love that - and gave a few half-hearted waves before giving up and walking along, maneuvering around teammates who’d stopped to take photographs or ham it up for the cameras that were focused on them.
But Sherlock knows better. From the appraising glance to the acceptance of the coffee, Sherlock can tell that John Watson will forgive him, and shortly. Sherlock gives John another once over of his own, notes that though the button up he’s wearing is in a terrible print, he has a fit body and broad shoulders. He notes too that John is hovering close to forty, used to play rugby, and is stubborn and fiercely loyal. He is rather what people would call a “good bloke.”
“Right here,” Sherlock returned blissfully as John’s warm, slick hand covered his cock, stroking lightly. His left arm curled around John’s shoulders and tugged him in, John’s chest flush to Sherlock’s side. John’s shifted on his side to give himself more room, slipping his fingers round the base of Sherlock’s cock and jerking him slowly, sloppily.
Lestrade’s eyes go a bit wide at that, “Molly! ...Hooper!” The disbelief in Lestrade’s voice is expected. Sherlock has been dodging her advances for years, and while he isn’t interested in her romantically, he does rather think her a friend. It’s really
John laughs, a deep bark and grins at Sherlock, shakes his head, disbelieving. He sighs happily, shakes his head in wonder, “Didn’t think you’d be this playful.”
They’re deciding on paint colors for the main room in C, choosing childproofing devices, furniture without sharp edges, arguing about whether Rosie prefers stewed carrots or blueberry puree.
Mycroft cut him off immediately, voice falling back into its normal tone. “Regardless, if Greg is providing you with adequate counsel and you wish to follow it-”
When the tub is properly full, he gets in; the water’s a bit too hot, but he sinks down into it anyway, relaxing against the porcelain. It’s never quite felt right, here. The loo is nice enough, clean and bright and really, everything anyone could want in a bathroom. The tub and shower combination is even a bit bigger than Baker Street had been, but it’s just not the same.
They ended up at the same bar they had gone to the first day they were in Sochi. Upon Sherlock’s arrival, the entire place turned almost as one and cheered him. He had to make a shooing gesture while giving an annoyed glare at the crowd to get them to settle down. Inside however, his ego thrilled at the welcome.
Sherlock’s left fingers splay just above John’s belly button and with the other hand, he reaches below to take John’s bollocks. He earns a shocked grunt for his efforts, and diverts his attention to direct his attention below. He’s startled a moment later when John’s left hand finds purchase in his hair and tugs; he gets one last lick at John’s perineum before he slides back up John’s body and is immediately taken in a fierce kiss, John’s tongue finding his immediately.
“You couldn’t get him off of the skis once he strapped in. Before you knew it we were spending half of the year in Austria so he could train,” his mother, a dynamo in ladies sprints in the 1970s, tells us. “My boy was always a thrill seeker, on the slopes and in his studies. He works very hard, often to the detriment of other areas of his life; I just hope it’s enough to bring him the gold in Sochi.”
“I won’t,” John promises, and watches as Sherlock steps out of the shower and wraps himself in a bath sheet.
“Right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,” John’s voice is hurried, like this is the first time, like he’s sixteen again. “Condom.”
“So glad I found this, found you,” and he captured Sherlock’s mouth again, moaning into it as Sherlock managed to wrap his fingers around John’s cock and began to stroke. They moved in tandem for a few moments, finding a rhythm of sorts until John tipped his pelvis down and back and his head lolled on his shoulders. “You, you first,” he said and peeled Sherlock’s fingers away, lacing them with his own in a tight, hot,
The latter was nowhere to be found and Sherlock frowned; he’d been so insistent in his texts, Sherlock had expected him to be on hand with the rest of the staff.
It’s gone half nine by the time he makes it down to the morgue, using a confiscated badge to gain entry to the room. Sherlock pushes through the door with his shoulder and is immediately assaulted by the pleasing sound of a bone saw doing its job.
John blinks; there’s room for so many telling words here, but Sherlock finishes, “...making love to you.”
of meeting him. His ego reminds him how intelligent he is, how intuitive, how handsome, and it bolsters his intent, makes him hit ‘Reply’.
Sherlock slipped his hands over the slick, smooth surface of the carbon fiberglass, getting his nose down close to the face to hear the whisper of his skin against the wax. It was magical, like Verdi but more complex, yet simple all the same. Sherlock wanted to press his lips right to the surface but refrained, adoring the way the rays glanced merrily off of the glassine cover.
The thing is, he can’t imagine saying no. The idea sends a wave of panic through him; he wishes he could pick that apart, the panic when thinking about cutting off ties with someone who is only an internet acquaintance. He can’t explain it at all, but Sherlock admits to himself that he looks forward to John5NF’s emails, that he
The images bring fond memories to the forefront of John’s mind; a simpler time, a happier time, a time when they were both unencumbered by so much pain. John binds the whole lot of them together with a rubber band and tosses them into a box he’s specifically marked to keep.  Perhaps years down the line he’ll sort them all into an album, maybe use some as examples in the book he keeps daydreaming about writing.
Delicately shifting through the contents, he searched until he could see what was beneath the waxes. Underneath it all was a small, weathered notebook, secured with paperclips and a rubber band. He extracted it carefully and worked it open.
And John laughs, Sherlock shattering every fear he’d had about things being awkward, or things changing drastically, throwing them off kilter. “Yeah, okay. Maybe a bit of a lie-in first?”
: This is mad, you know nothing about me. This was insane from the beginning. Time to call enough, enough yeah?
years,” he says and clumsily toes off of his shoes as John works at the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt.
The frown he wore was the same he saw on the faces of his fellow competitors. No matter how intense the course was, melting snow was never a good sign, and Sherlock wondered briefly if he should worry about the extra speed the moisture would induce. He shook it off, knowing his experts would account for that, his team rounding on a bench and settling down on it, unzipping the equipment bags.
He was in the middle of weighing the pros and cons when he felt something touch his foot. He didn’t bother to open his eyes until a moment later when he felt someone distinctly
“You can pay me back if it’s such strange behavior,” Sherlock shrugs, noting how John’s nostrils flare. It’s such a minute movement but Sherlock catches it and feels a thrill of
John grits his teeth for a moment and does his level best to ignore the message, instead delving into the job description and information about salary that’s been provided to him. But his interest keeps wavering; he can’t help but wonder what’s in the unopened message from guest_47995. John refocuses, berates himself for being so flighty, and finally makes it through the bulk of the information.
you’re good at what you do, anyone can read it all over your face. That… is how I know that you are more than just a suitable doctor, you’re a damn good one.”
Sherlock jerked and groaned, flopping an arm out to his side, into which John crawled and laid himself out, happy and sated, judging by the coy little smile on his lips.
“Yes,” he responds easily enough, wondering where this is going, though feeling an excited thrill run down his spine at the passion in Sherlock’s voice.
real critiques for you at the moment.” Lestrade chuckled and they climbed into the tram that would take them to the Village. “I don’t know - you almost look like you’re having
“Of…” John asked, trailing his fingers through the sparse bubbles that were left bobbing in the water.
It’s a frenzy then , John reaching between them and sliding their cocks together. The heat between their bodies isn’t enough to quell the friction and then he rolls away, stumbles out of bed and into the bathroom for the lubricant he always keeps in his overnight bag. When he returns, Sherlock is reclining on the bed, cock in hand, holding, not stroking.
Sherlock bonks his head three times against the sofa and presses a thumb and a forefinger to the inner corners of his eyes. “What I said! Imbecile, positively uncalled for. He’ll never… John will never…” Swallowing thickly, he reminds himself that John doesn’t yet know that he is indeed Guest. John knows nothing of Guest, has no idea why Guest stood him up.
With a last, dangerous flash of his eyes, Moriarty spun away, whistling all the while, peeling off his sweaty shirt as he did so. Sherlock spared him one last, withering glance and then exited the locker room, hands curled into fists at his side.
Lestrade’s brow perked, obviously shocked at Sherlock’s suggestion that they play even remotely by the book. “John’s a bloody good influence on you, then.” He nodded his appreciation to John, who rolled his eyes.
Sherlock rests his cheek against the top of John’s head and smooths his thumbs down over the curve of John’s shoulders. It’s a long few minutes before either speaks, both seemingly too content to simply bask in the gentle moment. “We should finish up.”
After their lengthy bath and a rinse, they nestled down beside one another and were out almost immediately as their heads hit the pillows. When they awoke four hours later, John checked Sherlock’s taped ribs and John taught Sherlock how to properly look over his injuries, then they had a bit of a lazy snog until John determined it was time for them to get up and get ready to go out.
My most profuse apologies for taking quite literally FOREVER to write this next chapter. Life got in the way, and then season 4 happened and kicked us all in the nads.
no, just the notion of it sounds bleak. Can you even imagine how dreadful that would be? No, I like puzzles, I like solving puzzles. I’ve been known to, on occasion, investigate crimes and infidelities at the behest of paying clients. Perhaps that, perhaps…”
Sherlock grinned, growled and brought John in close, their hips swaying in time as much as their injuries would allow as bodies moved to the beat around them.
“They were both here, Moriarty was… he was going to make it look like a, well, obviously,” Sherlock winced and tried to take some of the weight off of his shoulder. “Could you hurry along with that, Lestrade?”
“And even if you’re fishing for compliments I have to say that you’re… gorgeous and intelligent and yeah, brilliant,
It's another moment before the Irish setter meanders into the kitchen, snuffles and then trots to Sherlock’s side. “How was your day?” Sherlock asks as he drops down to his knees to give his dog a very throughout scratching. “Mine was brilliant! New case, serial killer, they’re always so desperate to be caught!”
Sherlock sat splay-kneed on a gurney in the hallway of the under-attended ward, wringing his hands in his lap. He gave an experimental twist of his body and was rewarded with a flare of pain, but nothing too substantial. With gentle fingers he pressed against his ribs at his front and back for as far as he could reach, but it felt as though everything was still intact. They would check him for internal bleeding but nothing felt seriously off, which was both a surprise and a blessing; he was still in a massive amount of pain but it seemed that nothing was broken.
Moran--hulking, stupid Sebastian Moran--was pushing him back into his room and pulling up behind that meaty form behind him was Jim Moriarty. He gave Sherlock the obvious once over as they forced their way into his room and then tsk-tsked. “Oh, honey. You should really dress appropriately when you’re having guests over.”
Wind whipped at Sherlock’s face and he glanced down at the ground, reminded of what John had texted him and noting that he was most certainly more than a meter and a half off of the ground. He laughed, then, looked up at the crisp, blue sky and released a breath, and leveled his gaze forward, back at the official who was about to present the medals.
“Good,” John growls, and he rolls his hips forward, the crown of his cock moving inside. “Good,” he slurs, seating himself in Sherlock’s body.
John grinned, hands clasped behind his back, and meandered around the spacious sitting room, crossing to glance out the window. “Oh you ordered for me, how presumptuous,” John mentioned and turned to grin at Sherlock.
There’s three minutes before John receives a reply, and he waits with bated breath for it. It’s so strange, how much he’s enjoying emailing someone. The anonymity of it all is somehow appealing to him. Reconnecting with Mike had been brilliant and he’d enjoyed interacting with Molly, but this was nice in a different way.
John manages to find a rhythm again, two strokes, three, and then Sherlock is tugging and saying “Yes,” and “More,” and “Oh Jesus, please, this is-” There are grunts, low, primal sounds that punch from John’s chest as he slams his hips, there are growls and groans from deep within Sherlock’s gut. Hands, everywhere, across a sweaty brow, trailing precome, fingers twisting and tugging at hair.
“Fuck I thought you were going to ask me to extend my trip here and you surprised the hell out of me, fuck.” John chuckles, pauses and then laughs again, shaking his head. “I mean, jesus,” he continues to laugh as the waitress comes with plates of meat and bowls of brothy noodles.
Sherlock’s chin drops to his chest and he shuffles the scant distance to John’s outstretched hands. The begin atop his shoulders, working the slippery soap into a lather, and then trail down his arms. John spends a good amount of time massaging Sherlock’s fingers before he diverts back up and cleans his neck.
It’s very nearly pouring by the time they reach New Scotland Yard, and they dash from the taxi to the revolving doors, avoiding puddles when they can.
The clock on the wall above the pastry case shows that it’s 9:05 and John can’t help but wonder for the umpteenth time if he’s being stood up. Even before it’d been after nine, he’d wondered it. He puts his hands to use, swivels the handle of his cappuccino from side to side, takes a sip, checks the time again.
There are no words of thanks, and no signature, and John sits back in his chair, lips pursed. He’s intrigued, he can’t deny that; he’s curious about the “victim” who’d bled out, curious as to what capacity this person works with law enforcement. But something about it does seem rather off, he admits to himself, and finds himself tapping his pointer finger lightly against the track pad, the cursor bopping across the screen.
. A warm weight had settled in his stomach and he reached across the table to where John’s hand was resting palm down and tapped it twice. “Precisely.”
And then there are the feelings, too. The amorphous but ever-present pressure in John’s chest, something like love but feeling like more, something wholly and ridiculously indescribable. He doesn’t know where he is, doesn’t know where they stand, but here they are, going through their shared history together, deciding what remains and what goes.
Sherlock hummed happily into John’s skin as John got his breath back, languid movement coming back to his limbs as he shifted to his side and curled around Sherlock. John trailed a hand through the mess on his stomach and licked at Sherlock’s cheek. “C’mere, you.”
“Why do you care? I thought you found me to be…” and he can’t find the word for it, feels ridiculous for having to trail off.
They still don’t speak as they review the menus and Sherlock keeps glancing up at John. This man is so
He hits the ‘a’ button and holds it down, watching, hypnotized as the letter repeats and repeats, producing three lines of text before he removes it all with purposeful taps of the 'delete' key.
“I’ve not had to reprimand you prior to now regarding your behavior but if you can’t seem to manage both a silly, romantic dalliance and your job, I’ll find someone who is quite capable of it.”
,” he observed snidely, finally feeling back on even footing. “How positively barbaric, though appropriate as far as you’re concerned, I suppose, what with your military past.”
care. About your career, and about…” Licking his lips, John glancing quickly to his left and to his right. “People who identify as gay being far more out… and proud.”
“I’m sorry, I know, I really am just happy, happy, happy. Even after that bastard Moriarty and all of that, you know. You have John and I have Greg now and thank you, Sherlock, for letting me be a part of all of this!” Her head went to her hands, which were splayed out on the table, and John grinned as he slid in next to her, Molly cuddling up to his side. He mouthed “She’s drunk,” and Sherlock nodded, chuckling silently.
“Well yeah, we’re all complete idiots,” John joked, good naturedly. He didn’t seem to be offended by Sherlock’s obvious barb; wasn’t
Sherlock did want to, very much, but the obvious reasons he shouldn’t were remembered immediately. Not just the fact that Sherlock had made a promise to himself to try to
Eventually he gets up and showers, takes his time putting himself together. He goes out for dinner and orders a scotch, treating himself for making a real step in his recovery. Positive reinforcement, he figures, might be a helpful in this case. He eats at the bar of a rather upscale restaurant and makes easy small talk with the people who sit on the stools next to him.
“And,” Lestrade continued, now sitting up straight with his hands against his knees. “You’re not the only one involved now, you’ve got John here – who by the way, is completely mad as is if he’s associating with you.” The latter was served with a twist of mouth but a soft gaze; Lestrade was implying that what they’d found together was something he approved of, but also not something to treat lightly. “He’s all messed up in this and if things go south-“
Sherlock nods; he can certainly relate. At his last Games, he’d been caught up not only in the business with Moriarty but with his burgeoning feelings for John. The pressure to remain private and in the closet had been a mental burden he’d not expected.
John’s words ring in his ears, and the pleasure that had been building as he’d spoken the words recedes immediately and guilt cloaks over him.
“I!” Molly squeaks and jumps, and John too is startled at the quiet being disrupted; he straightens and takes in the entrant.
Greg smiled widely, shrugging. “Oh, I know that, but that prick pisses me off; got one of his men to try and take Molls home last night.”
John swallows, takes a step back from the gurney. If he’s being followed by the newspapers, he must be someone of interest. John scratches at the back of his neck, making a mental note to try and catch up on some of the more recent happenings in London. “I didn’t realize, I didn’t know-”
“American, obviously, and you knew as much, I’d wager. They’re engaged in a romantic relationship though their coach is unaware. That’s probably for the best as their coach is a rather severe Slovak who is romantically interested in the male. The girl is reserved and can’t tell him that she blames him for the errors in their program. She’s also holding out on him in the hopes that he’ll get it together in time for their team performance. It won’t last; he just wants to have sex with her and she wants to win more than anything.”
“Hmmm.” It’s the only way John can respond, his mind too full with everything to form a coherent sentence. He can feel Sherlock’s gaze on him for a moment, but doesn’t dare engage, knows that everything he’s feeling is written all over his damned face.
“Yes. Can’t imagine.” With that, Sherlock gets up from the stool and turns. “And you’re an aging ex-military adrenaline junkie who can't even overcome his own psychosomatic symptoms, so it's no wonder they stuck you in the morgue with dead people as you'd be hopeless trying to help living ones.”
man. Or if John5NF is married. Or if John5NF is interested in anything more at all. It begins to drive him a bit mad.
Sherlock looks chastened and a bit embarrassed, a sweet pink tinging his cheeks. “No,” he drawls, slow and playful, hooking one of his index fingers into a belt loop on John’s jeans.
They’d been back in London for a month and a half, and Sherlock was just managing to take John out on a proper date. They’d met for coffee a few times, at a cafe of one of Sherlock’s contacts, well north of the city where no one was likely to recognize them; they took to holding hands beneath cafe tables like teenagers. Sherlock’s publicist had urged him to wait a few months before coming out about his relationship with John and he’d reluctantly agreed. He supposed it made sense; there were wounds that were still rather fresh, and they were still making sense of what had happened with Moriarty. It had been difficult, returning to England after the stress and emotional and physical tolls they’d experienced in Sochi.
John pursed his lips and rested his hands around Sherlock’s neck, a sweet, warm weight. It was a long moment before he spoke. “You’re going to try and ski, aren’t you?”
John wipes at his mouth, smiles, placatingly, serves Sherlock with a very adamant look. “Very good.”
The heat around his fingertip was encompassing and Sherlock couldn’t help but extrapolate the pressure that was gripping his digit to think about what it would feel like wrapped around his cock. It was nearly too much, and he felt his cock throb almost painfully at the thought.
“Well, it’s nice out. Could do with some nice, spring sunshine, yeah?” Sherlock watches as John shoves his hands into his pockets, his chest expanding just so. Sherlock notes the plane of John’s chest, stretching beneath the fine checked pattern of his shirt, notes the length of his nose and the way his hair sits.
,” Sherlock murmured, managing to sound for all intents and purposes genuinely put out by the idea that they might be friends. He couldn’t rightly account for the thrill of giddiness that rushed to his head and made his mouth want desperately to pull back in delight.
“And don’t call him ‘some doctor fellow,’ I know you’ve done your research on him, so come off it.” Sherlock struggled onto his back, dragging a hand down over his face as his vision acclimated to the darkness. “And he’s a medic for the ski team, it’s not completely out of the realm of possibility that he’d be out with a member
“Right,” John raises a brow and then shakes his head, an amused half-smile playing on his lips; he’s not buying it, but the staring doesn’t seem to have unsettled him. “You’re an odd one, aren’t you?”
John finishes up his dinner and cleans up; he gets into bed at a decent time and falls asleep after only three hours of tossing and turning. When he awakes the next morning, he goes directly to his computer and opens his email, intending to really review what Molly has sent him regarding the job.
Sherlock’s heart kicked violently in his chest and he did his best to maintain his cool, tipping his chin ever so slightly to give the air of aloofness. “I. I don’t-”
Sherlock just smiles placidly at him, watches as he moves across the room and turns on the lights in the office, just for something to do. When he returns to the main room,  he advances on Sherlock with his hands on his hips, trying very hard to bring all of his military bearing to his frame. “Does Molly even know you’re here?”
“Right,” John said and raised his hand up to signal for the waiter. “We eat and then we break and enter.”
after the excitement and fervor of the Games went away. John had said he wanted to see what happened between them, all but said that they were
treated him and I couldn’t…” John’s eyes trailed away and Sherlock stepped up into his personal space and in a move that felt both entirely foreign and entirely appropriate, he draped one long arm around John’s lower back and and slid the other hand up to John’s nape.
He didn’t want to attempt to get in through the front door unless he’d exhausted his other options, and now, as he made his way back to the front, he noted that the thoroughfare had become too busy for his presence to go unnoticed. Cursing himself, he checked the time and found that he had just enough to get back to his room for a shower and meet John.
John climbs the steps up to the chaos of he and Rosie’s currently-shared room and pulls his bottoms and soft, distressed top from beneath his pillow. He’s careful about undressing, not wanting to rush it. He wants to get down to Sherlock as soon as possible, but there’s an element about all of this that requires savoring. The shifting from friends to lovers so keenly sweet, that he wants to keep the feeling in his chest for a moment longer, even as he wants to witness Sherlock curled beneath his sheets.
Should it be this soul-rattling, that he wants all of this with a man he’s deduced, right down to the type of lubricant he likes? Should it be less than, because it had been so easy for Sherlock to see so many things about John, or should it be more, because he’s surprised, delighted and overcome by the ferocity and dedication and humility and bravery that embody John Watson?
Sherlock generally never asked for help; he’d figure out difficult courses on his own and would defer only seldomly to the suggestions of his ski team. Lestrade was a different matter, however. He’d been skiing professionally for more years than Sherlock, and had captured more gold medals on the World Cup circuit than any Briton ever. Lestrade had a way of giving his advice in a “take it or leave it” fashion, which Sherlock appreciated.
“This! Honestly!” Sherlock grouses, voice clipped and testy, “was not outlined in the terms of my contract.”
Cameras descended on him, crowding around him as the official called out the confirmed time, securing Sherlock as the leader going into the finals.
“He’s a friend Mycroft, he’s just a friend.” It wasn’t a lie, not at all, but it wasn’t the whole truth either and he felt odd describing John as
For a moment, John watches the back of Sherlock’s head, decides upon adjectives, descriptive language he might use to capture the ethereal nature of Sherlock Holmes. Taking a sip of the fine scotch, he leans forward and heaves a bundle of newspapers into his lap, beginning to sort through them. Pausing periodically as he unearths new memories, he takes a few pulls of his drink, letting the warmth diffuse in his belly and the bite of the alcohol open up his nasal airways.
Then he’s moving with express purpose. John crosses to the bed and sits astride the edge, reaches for Sherlock just as Sherlock is reaching for him. It’s a fumble, a messy meeting of lips and John laughs into it, Sherlock’s tongue sweeping in, swiping at him. There is restraint vibrating between the two of them as they fall into a languid push and pull.
, I’ll defer to his advice, you letch.” Just then there was another, quieter cheer as John walked into the bar. Molly made to get up but Greg patted her on the shoulder and went to bring John over to the table.
Sherlock chuckled, once, jostling John’s head in his lap; that wasn’t the end of things, far from it, but Sherlock felt a bit lighter for it.
John scoffs, turning his head towards the door as he shouts back, “Throwing me bodily into a grimy dumpster was undignified.”
And seconds later–Guest must be sitting at his own computer, in his own home, right here in London at this very moment–John received an email in return.
“I,” he says, a bit breathless. “I don’t know when it happened but, I’ve had that, too, for a while. Thinking of you,” John clarifies. “Not a while, ehm, since before, you know.”
John’s arms unwind and he finds himself rounding the gurney, two fingers trailing along it. “What, then, is your job?” John smiles to himself; he’s not really curious, he’s just wondering how he can get another zinger in.
