John watched Aaron, who gave Sherlock a satisfied look, buttoned his gray vest, and went to the door. His assistant was waiting for him with the briefcase and some documents. When they both left the hotel, John sighed with relief and looked at his friend.
Mycroft sighed loudly. John could have bet all the money in the world that Holmes rolled his eyes at the same time. The older genius came closer to the tall window in the bedroom. "Go to sleep, Sherlock," he said in his usual voice and closed the window. "You'd better get some sleep too, John," he said, passing him on the way to the bathroom. "It was a long day" with these words he disappeared behind the door.
I will update this story every 6-7 days now because each chapter has over 8,000 words and I need more time to translate it. Thank you for your support and comments, guys!
"We're going to sleep, Mycroft," he said calmly. However, the older man sensed army remnants in his voice. John had to use this tone to give orders.
He walked ahead but didn't wonder where. He learned to recognize buildings and h knew the area by heart, so when he stood in the square nearby to the church of St. Stefano, he guessed, he had to reflect on his relationship with the Holmes brothers for a long time. The place where he stood was in the western part of the city. The square was not as popular as St. Mark, but it was just as charming. Tourists did not know this place very much, so the noise of conversations did not disturb as much as in other places. It was calm and quiet. The sun warmed John's skin. He felt he was starting to calm down. He was still thinking about his quarrel with Mycroft, but he realized that thinking about him would make no sense now. He was depressed and tired of all the emotional discussions that exhausted him mentally. He dreamed of normal conversation or at least silence in good company. He walked around the square for a while, and finally went toward one of the restaurants. He couldn't believe his eyes when he saw a familiar figure at one of the tables, in a black dress and with a phone in her hands. He went towards her. When he stood next to the woman, she looked at him briefly.
"Ah!" he groaned, accidentally contracting his muscles and going even deeper with his penis. He saw Sherlock open his mouth, but nothing came out of it. John felt dizzy as Mycroft repeated the gesture, but this time he pulled his fingers even lower. He caressed his hips and legs. There were too many sensations. It got worse when the older genius pressed his hands around his buttocks and started kissing one of them. John looked up and turned to see what was happening. He wasn't able to see much. Mycroft's naked back, red hair, forehead, and his closed eyes. He felt soft kisses and quick licks against his skin, right next to his own anus. It was too much. John pressed his face against Sherlock's shoulder.
"No. Let me finish ... I'm not going to talk about what happened, but about your behavior. Tell me why. Why did you avoid me all day?"
"We know her identity, we know what her profession was ..." he said, completely unsure if that was what the detective expected from him. "... She drank strong alcohol a few hours before she died. Apart from what Dr Phillips said, I can't add anything else. Perhaps the killer took a few more of her organs, but it's hard to tell now."
John stared at the soft, wet mouth of the other man and his glistening eyes, completely obscured by his dilated pupils. He couldn't focus. He felt that he was starting to breathe hard and his heart was beating with double speed and strength. Finally, he bit his lip and looked straight at the genius. "I want it," he murmured in a hoarse voice filled with desire.
Oh yes. He remembered the cluttered rooms and professors' offices perfectly well. Shelves full of various artefacts and dusty books. University offices were full of rare collections.
John was surprised. He felt Sherlock was angry with him, but he couldn't remember if he had given him any reason. Besides, he rarely saw him angry. Sherlock got angry at Mrs. Hudson or Mycroft sometimes, but he expressed it by making sarcastic comments, but he didn't ignore them by showing a complete lack of reaction. Sherlock didn't act that way, that is why John was confused by his attitude, even more.
"Please spare me this." Sherlock tilted his head back for a moment like a small child showing his dissatisfaction. He put his hands on the armrests with resignation.
"Mr. Stoner. I would advise you to take your sick dreams and return to your apartment if you still have the opportunity to do so," Sherlock muttered ominously over his friend's shoulder.
"Then, it reflects badly on them." Mycroft ground his teeth, but Sherlock didn't care. As usual. Disturbing thoughts crossed his mind. He felt that he had let John down, he was afraid that he would put him in danger again. He also didn't feel well knowing that despite all his efforts he had not brought the Moriarty case to an end. He would gladly deal with it if the circumstances were different. The only thing he could think about now was his love for John. The desire to finally have him in his arms, to feel the taste of his lips, and confess what he felt for him all these years. The last thing he wanted to do was to return to matters related to his arch-enemy, who forced him to leave his dearest John alone. But he knew one thing. As long as Moriarty was in their lives, he will not be able to experience John's love. The danger lurking on the horizon has never had a positive effect on people's feelings and emotions. He understood that to get all his friend's attention he had to control and resolve the tense situation. Otherwise, John couldn't focus on what he felt and what they had in common. The sight of his face confirmed it. John stood thoughtful, afraid, and focused on something completely different than Sherlock had hoped. He wanted to wrap his arms around him, erase his uncertainty, and worry from his face. Smooth the wrinkled forehead with his lips and warm his cold fingers with his hands. He saw it all in his imagination and barely kept his body from acting. He learned how to do it because John's closeness often tempted him and ...
It turned out that Sherlock Holmes was the man Stamford planned to introduce to him this afternoon. He shook his head with a small smirk, unable to believe such a twist of fate. For a moment he wondered where the catch was. Was it all made up? Has someone decided to experiment on him? Was it some part of his superiors' strategy to help him deal with his trauma? What if Holmes was the Ripper? Or his old friend Stamford? Or it will turn out that Holmes is crazy and he collects horse droppings and then organizes them by size and consistency. The thought made him smile under his breath. Keep thinking, Watson.
John did not give up. "And what? That's all? So much trouble for nothing? In that case, why didn't you let him know immediately that the game was over?" he asked looking at Mycroft.
"Right?" Holmes agreed. He was standing right next to him, also looking around the office. "And completely legal. Although, half of these things could be used to kill the entire population of Whitechapel."
The twinge in the stomach was sudden but pleasant. The sight of his pale eyes made him shiver. It was only nine in the morning. He wasn't sure how he would survive the whole day with Holmes without getting carried away by his passion. His face must have expressed every thought because the detective's smile and raised eyebrow made it clear that he was reading from him as if from an open book. He cleared his throat, shifting his weight to the other leg. "Is Mrs Hudson okay?"
Aaron smiled even wider and sat back in his armchair with a drink near his mouth. "Your John?" he asked. He saw Mycroft blink nervously and looked away.
Aaron was surprised and didn't even try to hide it. He watched Holmes put the blue packaging in the pocket of his blazer and slowly walked toward the door. "I must admit you surprised me," he muttered when Holmes was already at the door.
The doctor opened the door and threw the phone at his friend who was taking a shower. After a while, he slammed the door with a big smile and sat in his chair. "As if I haven't watched enough the bare butts in the army ..." he muttered to himself.
John took a breath. He wanted to know how the older genius came to such conclusions. "How..." he said, but the young girl's voice interrupted him.
"Nobody wants that," he finally said, slightly relieved. "And everyone has the right to fear it. Especially if the death is not natural."
"You were different before. Yes, you always kept everything at bay, you were cool and inhibited. But it's even worse now. You look offended at everything. What happened? I could get along with you until Sherlock came to Venice. It because of him you are more introverted? Are you so inaccessible and cold because of him? " John's voice was filled with compassion, and Mycroft couldn't stand it. He couldn't stand it when someone felt sorry for him. He clenched his teeth and looked at John the way he looked at him when he was about to leave the room.
Suddenly they both started to hear a squeak in their ears. A quiet, prolonged squeak, not caused by an explosion or a sudden shot, but by silence in the room. John looked at Mycroft. They were silent. They knew exactly why. They knew that all-important decisions had already been made. They did not have to pretend or say anything. They knew perfectly well what their life paths would look like and how their choices would affect others. Still, John felt he shouldn't be leaving yet. Talking to Mycroft seemed to him the wisest move now, but he completely did not know where to start and what to say specifically. He was not alone in this, because the genius also faced a dilemma. However, he was in a more comfortable situation. He gained experience for many years. He knew how to react in a particular situation. He felt John wanted to talk. They both needed it, so he decided not to wait any longer.
John raised his eyebrows and looked at him in disbelief. "So you did it because you thought that was what I wanted at that moment?
John managed to get to know the city and the surrounding area by heart, but he let Francesca take care of them that day. She showed them around the city and chose places where the crowd was much smaller, which made their walk more pleasant. He walked beside her, letting her hold his elbow. He listened carefully to her stories. He would have enjoyed more in this situation, if not for one detail. Actually two. Sherlock and Molly. They walked side by side behind him and Francesca.
"What could it be?" he asked himself a little too loudly. He was surprised when he didn't hear Mycroft's answer. Usually, Sherlock would dispel his doubts within a split second, but apparently, in this case, the older brother had no intention of showing off his intelligence. "Did we get the same thing?" He wanted to provoke some reaction, which, as it turned out a moment later, he managed to achieve.
Sherlock quickly looked around. A moment later he raised a corner of his mouth and stood next to one of the tables. For a moment he looked at the owner of the restaurant, who was talking to the guests and tried to sell them some obviously cheap wine.
John clearly saw Mycroft was in a good mood, even now when he read the messages he got from his brother. They both walked slowly through the main hall and enjoyed the pleasant coolness. The temperature outside was almost unbearable, that's why John was happy when Mycroft decided he could stay in the apartment today and not accompany him to conferences.
They passed the narrow streets and squeezed among the crowds of tourists who occupied the main streets. The smells of bars and restaurants were in the air. John and Sherlock passed the theater and a small bridge. At one point, John felt Sherlock's touch on his shoulder. He rubbed John gently with his arm. It would not be anything unusual if it wasn't for the fact that this kind of closeness was becoming more common. Strangely enough, there was no crowd around. John did not comment and refrained from giving him a questioning look. It didn't bother him, so he walked without a word. When they entered the main promenade by the canal, he slightly moved away from his friend. But Sherlock clung to his body again. Every now and then he grabbed his elbow and switched sides as he passed behind him. They rubbed their fingers and hands, and John was becoming more confused and intrigued. After another unsuccessful attempt to distance himself from his friend, he stood still and turned to him.
Aaron tried to calm him down. "Please, let me finish," he said and turned to face Holmes while keeping a glass of alcohol in his hand. "I have to tell you, I did not expect such a spectacular mishap coming from you, Myc. You could not cope with this small upheaval, although you had so many options. And speaking of many options, I mean help from my country. I know we have actually good relations with Honduras, not like Great Britain. But, instead of sending us a delegation, asking for advice, you preferred to play with fire and call their neighbors for help. "
Mycroft leaned back in his chair. He crossed his legs, sighed deeply and his face calmed down. "Why all these excuses," he said calmly, "We both know that you only care about John. You want to sleep with him, so not beat around the bush."
The emotions and feelings which he evoked in him from the very beginning were intense, wild and slightly unstable. However, he never denied or rejected them. What's more, he accepted them and slowly started to understand their meaning. He was afraid, of course. He almost always wanted to be like Mycroft. He wanted to cut himself off from the world and emotions and focus on what attracted him the most - on crime and criminals. But when John appeared in his life, he evoked feelings in him that he couldn't express at first. He was afraid because he did not understand them, he did not know them. At first, he was afraid of the very thought that his world order would change, that someone would mix up and change his priorities. He found out, however, that he could make an exception for John. Later he was afraid to make a gesture that would reveal how much he cared about him. In this way, he could expose him to danger, which at that time was Moriarty. He did not want his unconditional love to be a target for the psychopathic enemy. He was afraid when John was in danger and when he faced death himself. He was afraid when he thought that he would never see him again and that his love would never be accepted. He was afraid when he realized that he could lose him to Mycroft. Now he stopped being afraid.
Of course, Mycroft was not surprised by his brother's behavior and decisions. He knew him too well not to know about his intentions and the next steps. But even Mycroft found it an exaggeration when he saw his brother flaunting his plan. He felt sorry for John because Sherlock did it all because of him. He wanted to admonish his brother using something stronger than the usual warning words. This whole show with Miss Hooper was so artificial that he couldn't deny himself a glass of whiskey. He didn't even want to see John's face, though he knew perfectly well how he must have felt when his friend appeared in the room.
The last obstacle on their way was the rock from which they had to jump down, and later to get straight to the forest line. The rock was flat as if specially prepared by nature. Next to it were smaller stones. John concluded that the breach had been caused by an avalanche, or that the rock had simply crumbled and rolled down the slope. They came to the edge and looked down. A dozen feet difference did not seem like a big obstacle. Sebastian was the first. He jumped down efficiently and stepped aside, making room for the next person. Sherlock and John did the same. Lucy jumped down like a doe, giving the impression that the obstacle was not even worth commenting on. Her shapely movements did not escape the doctor's attention, and his look and smile were noticed by Sherlock and Sebastian. Josh had a little trouble. He crouched down, put his hands on the ground, and slowly dropped his body down the rock. When he was getting ready to jump, part of the rock broke away and remained in his hand. Josh fell to the ground. A few stones and dust flew behind him. John immediately came to help him up. Josh moaned softly, brushed off his clothes, and his face turned pale. He dropped the backpack and made sure that the most important thing, the small guitar, was not damaged. He breathed a sigh of relief when it turned out that the instrument was in better condition than he was.
"I can't focus my thoughts today, John, and I admit it very reluctantly. Besides, my brother doesn't make my job easier ..."
"Here you are, my two lovebirds," he said cheerfully and spread his hands in greeting. John felt Mycroft's body freeze, saw the grimace on his face out of the corner of his eye.
"But here ..." Aaron showed him his phone, "... is a photo of John that you have already seen." He put the phone next to the CD on the table.
Mycroft was silent, but not for long. He slowly got up from the chair and went to the door to take his shoes. He put them on his feet without hurry and returned to the table. He didn't care about the carpet. It was enough for him to look at the floor when he came into the room for the first time and knew that the carpet was as Persian as the musclehead was stupid. When he returned to the table, he raised an empty glass and took his things. His eyes met Stoner. He never took his eyes from him. Even when he took the CD off the table and straightened up.
"Well done". John nodded slowly. He had to admit that the view from a moment ago was pitiable, but amused him a little. "The perfect end to a charming trip. It was probably a sign that it's time to go back."
Staring at his reflection, he could no longer see the strong, proud man he had seen every time. Now he could see the exposed and an emotionally fragile man with thin hair and wrinkled skin. He saw his weaknesses and all the negative qualities he was trying to avoid while he was looking at himself. The water on his skin evaporated as he stood, staring at his reflection. He smoothed his hair, tightened the towel on his hips and opened the door. A bright bathroom light brightened the dark bedroom. Mycroft took two steps before realizing he wasn't alone. He saw John lying on the bed. John heard him and took his arm off his eyes. They stared at each other for a moment without saying a word. Mycroft's hand gripped the towel harder as if he was afraid that John might see all the unpleasant things he'd seen in the mirror a moment ago. He closed the door behind him, trying to keep it as quiet as possible. The bedroom was dark. He didn't know if John was following him with his eyes, but he felt uncomfortable as he stood half-naked in the room and reached into the closet for clean clothes. He hesitated for a moment, but he finally took off the towel. He felt terribly naked despite the darkness. He didn't want to look desperate, so he forced himself to act calmly. He dressed quickly, folded the towel and went to bed.
Somehow he managed to get out of the maze of streets. He sighed with relief when he saw familiar buildings and the main canal. But he was most pleased when he saw other people. He knew Sherlock would hardly dare to do something stupid in front of all these tourists. He realized his friend spoke to him this whole time. He was too shocked and busy with his thoughts to pay attention to Sherlock muttering something behind him. When he finally stopped in the middle of the promenade to find out which direction their hotel was in, he felt a strong grip on his shoulders. He saw the face of younger Holmes, who was looking at him with an annoyed face.
John felt like crying, his chest full of emotions blended together- anger, hope and hopelessness at the same time (was that even possible?), confusion, shame, and everything in between.
Looking at the almost boiling solution, Sherlock tried not to think why he was in such a state. No, no, don’t go there.
when everything is silent, you are not sure if you’ll get your next breath. Maybe the heart stopped already and in seconds the whole life will flash before your eyes, the weird way of the brain to say goodbye. It might.
He was thinking through the things he wanted to say to him while watching him sleep after his little session and in his head it sounded perfectly normal-
"Oh my God John, you and your slang words, you should withstand contact of those young nurses and doctors at your clinic."
John shook his head and looked at Mary’s hand intertwined with his, considering letting go. He should really make up his mind and finally decide what to do with Mary, because he knew he couldn’t just forgive her for everything she’s done…
Sherlock finally propped up on his elbows, ignoring his thirst, looking at the source of the sound... and there he was.
Suddenly his heart started to pump like crazy, which felt like it was trying to breach right through his ribcage, breaking his bones or squeezing between them. Either way, it wanted to escape from him. Yes, run, hide. Hide under the bed, no one is going to find you there! Run, my heart, run!
“Dr Watson, I was told to drive you home,” the young driver interrupted his thoughts, opening the door for his wife. In answer John only nodded, thinking that it would be funny if he would leave him on Baker Street, that was his
“No!” Sherlock’s eyes shot wide and in one swift motion pushed the plunger all in. Cool cocaine entered his body. The war was over.
His brother truly had an addictive personality. He could hardly understand drugs; the feeling, the ultimate off switch for his racing mind but
Sherlock rolled eyes at his brother but obediently opened the car door to get inside the vehicle. For a second his gaze lingered on John, with his mouth open to say something but he quickly looked around and thought better of it, disappearing inside the car.
Holmes' piercing gaze was tracing every information hanging on the wall, even if he couldn't make much of it because of the dimmed light in the room provided only by the small lamp in the corner. He threw a glance at his brother and stood up, admiring his work. First, he thought with amusement that Sherlock's OCD was worse than his (
"A month," Sherlock finally regains control over his vocal cords. "It would drive you crazy in a month."
Mycroft made a step forward and looked around, not having a clue, what is it that he should be looking for.
But Sherlock just turned left and as he stood he collapsed on his bed, to let the rush of dopamine overflow him.
Sherlock's heart was beating faster at the thoughts rushing through his mind. John was here, with him, not his wife, not on the plane. It was wrong, it should be wrong, so why does it feel so right? So right to have him in his bedroom, to have his attention all to himself.
I was mad at you when it turned out that there was no physical manifestation of Appledore. You seemed defeated, without a plan... Were you planning on killing him from the start? When you asked me to bring my gun you knew he will end up dead or was it just a precaution?
He touched his forehead to check the temperature. It’s really warm, but before John could tell the others to call for an ambulance, Sherlock’s eyes snapped open.
Almost ready, already boiling solution. Putting down the lighter, he mixed everything one more time with a needle.
The panic was growing inside him, building itself somewhere along the nape of his neck, pressing on his vertebrae. No, no, he
The blond man pushed Sherlock away to grab his face and hesitantly lean so their foreheads were touching, eyes closed.
You are my mind palace. I am too stupid to actually come up with someplace so I came up with the most intelligent person I know. You help me with my problems, anything that leaves your mouth sounds clever and more accurate.
His fingers were shaking when he reached for the glass from the dryer, filling it with tap water. For a second he felt dirty, using Mrs. Hudson’s utensils. It wasn’t right, it was far beyond right or decent (who cares about decent!). John definitely wouldn’t approve of his behaviour.
You have such a weird bond, but then I think about Harry and I come to the conclusion that maybe it's not that weird after all.
what he felt or more what he didn't. Mycroft didn't want him to find his switch, because he threw out his ages ago and that's what Sherlock told him as he was pulling everything from under the sink. Buckets, detergents, damn it. Nothing, nothing, nothing!
"Moriarty... he... he is back" the first wave of a shock seems to lose control over your brother when he looks at me and then back at the phone.
Mycroft was already in the sitting room, with his creased jacket laying on his thighs, umbrella in his hand.
But the heart tangled itself in the pulmonary vein, pulmonary artery, aortic arch, coronary vessels sprang free and embraced it, holding it inside his chest. Unable to move, to scream, to call for help. Left alone. Nobody is going to help you, little heart.
Trying to control shaking of their bodies they leaned further, breathes uneven, ragged, full of lust and thirst for the other person. Sherlock could feel the air escaping John's mouth on his lips causing him to inhale it deeply as if it was more vital than the rest of air. Breathing was boring, but not when he could breathe the same air as John Watson.
"The drug you've purchased is already down the drain, the syringe bent and thrown to the bin," he lied without blinking.
Mrs. Holmes smiled under her breath. "Ever since I saw this boy, I knew he would be someone special in our family. He was already Sherlock's best friend, but I saw in Mycroft's eyes that he either envied his brother's brother or wanted to be in his place. Sherly could never decide. He never was too effusive with feelings, and I won't even mention my older son. Anyway, thank you for mixing up a little between them. "
The discussion continued for several hours. The sun was starting to hide behind the horizon and the sky was starting to turn purple. The last rays of the sun reflected in the windows of the great hall, and the shadow covered more and more of the room. John lazily played with vegetables, he ate for dinner. He tried not to think about time. He was sitting on the long balcony, separated from the rest of the high room by a stone balustrade. Mycroft and the others sat under the balcony in the large hall. John didn't understand any of what they were talking about, though. Neither, the other women who accompanied their husbands that day. John would feel lost and bored, but Francesca's presence made him feel better. She didn't leave him alone for a second.
Finally, they reached the ground floor. They passed the porter who said goodbye and wished them a pleasant evening, adding a gentle bow. It was warm outside. The sun was slowly starting to hide behind the taller buildings, and people were sitting at the tables set up nearby the hotels. The crowd was not so exhausting. The port changed from bustling with people rushing around to a place for a quiet evening hanging out in bars and restaurants. The motorboat stood between gondolas on the banks of the canal. It rocked peacefully on the water next to the blue bollards, signaling a parking space. It was about twenty-six feet long. It looked as if it was made exclusively of polished dark wood. Behind the helm stood an elegant man with a wonderful white smile and sunglasses on his nose. Behind him were two rows of benches, upholstered in soft suede material. Mycroft, like John and Sherlock, had no problem getting into the motorboat, unlike Molly, who was the second to climb. Despite minor problems, the boat bounced off the shore after a few minutes.
"Nothing important?" asked John. "Then leave it now," he added and shut down Mycroft's laptop. The room went dark. Both men froze and, despite the silence, John could hear the blood pulsing in his head. After a moment, the older man sighed and opened his laptop. He stared at  John's eyes with a mixture of provocation and indifference, waiting for his reaction.
"This is the most beautiful trip I've ever been to," she said as she sat down next to Sherlock again and started looking at her photos, which John took several. She was very happy with them. She was in a great mood. She straightened her arms above her head. "If my other friends could only see me now," she sighed.
"Don't bother with it, John. Aaron has been planning it for a long time. Unfortunately, you caught his eye and he wanted to kill two birds with one stone." He fell silent, but John knew he didn't take his eyes off him. "Greed is not worth the effort. Mostly."
Holmes was the first to leave the building, holding the door for him. "I don't have a person in my life who I could call that," he said, squinting his eyes because the sun was already shining fully in the blue sky.
John couldn't take his eyes off him. In the warm morning light, Mycroft's face seemed younger, more harmonious. It was as if he had thrown off the mask he wore every day. It was a very nice change. A moment later, John almost rolled his eyes. Mycroft must have suffered on a narrow couch at night because he massaged his aching neck with a grimace. 'I told you so'. This sentence danced on John's tongue. However, he turned his head and chewed his lip.
But that wasn't the worst part. The worrying thing was that he was starting to like this fake marriage. He liked John's smiles, his strong hand as he held his hand in front of others. The way he talked to him and how he treated him. He liked his shiny eyes and wavy hair when they swam through the main canal at night for the first time. He liked the fact that John always had his opinion, but he was also able to adapt to the situation. He loved the moments when he confronted him, convincing him of good intentions, like when he turned off his laptop in the middle of the work and led him to the bedroom, not caring about what it must have looked like. Being with John has changed a lot about his behavior and the way he looked at him. He was attracted to his firm tone and devotion. After the first night together, he started to feel guilty. He was afraid of Sherlock's reaction if he found out he slept with his best friend. Strangely, John didn't look like he regretted it, so he surprised him once again and made thinking about him the norm. It was easier for them to pretend every day. Kisses, looking into the eyes, showing feelings. Mycroft knew it was all just a show, but he felt in his heart that he had been missing it all his life. So he took the opportunity. He told himself that he would face the consequences when he returned to England. That he would have time to think about everything and draw conclusions in London. He was convinced that everything would return to normal. He let himself be carried away by the feeling and possibility of being with John so close. The situation turned upside down when Sherlock came to Venice. He had to face not only the reality but also the situation that Sherlock and John had to face. He failed Sherlock's trust. He also felt that he had somehow failed John. He was struggling with this feeling, so at the first opportunity, he allowed the situation to return to normal. He had to deal with his unexpected emotions and feelings. He chose to think alone and let John and Sherlock talk in private. He felt that he had no chance of success anyway. Because what would this success look like? Should he take the only true friend away from his brother? Was he supposed to convince John that he was a good choice too? No, it was wrong. These two were meant for each other. Besides, he also convinced himself that this was a short mistake in his life. A mistake that he could appreciate in the future, but he had to treat it as a warning. He shouldn't open up to others so much and he should hide his emotions. He decided not to bother John and Sherlock anymore.
"We're going back to the hotel, Mycroft," he said calmly. All the men looked very confused. They looked at each other and at John. However, the most surprised of them all was Holmes. Mycroft blinked nervously and didn't know what to say.
Aaron was already waiting for him in the small living room connected to the bedroom. The bright blue decor and the sloping ceiling next to the bed was not very elegant, which is why Mycroft was not surprised that this apartment was one of the cheapest in this area. He came over to Aaron, who was already pouring strong alcohol into two crystal glasses.
"Sherlock will be furious if he finds out..." Mycroft said in a whisper. His words sounded strange as if he were talking to himself.
John squeezed through the trees for a long moment. He was careful not to let any hanging branches stick into his eye. When he passed the most difficult part of the tangle of trees, he stopped, and then his back hit the nearest standing tree. He lost his breath and control over his body. He was pressed too hard to see what was going on in time. He couldn't breathe or open his eyes. It took him some time to realize that it was no animal or supernatural force, but Sebastian, who appeared out of nowhere and pressed him against the tree. And the breathing problems were caused by Moran's mouth. Sebastian pressed him with his body and kissed him eagerly and wildly. Though John wouldn't call it kisses. He was rather devoured by Sebastian's greedy mouth. He sucked and bit him. He grabbed his lower lip between his and pulled it as if he wanted to appropriate it. John didn't have the strength to break free, though he tried. He was pushing Moran away. He wanted to get out of the trap. At one point he thought he would succeed because he managed to push himself away from the tree. Immediately, however, he landed on the grass, and Sebastian lay down on him, taking away any possibility of escape. The moment he felt something hard pressed to his thigh, he panicked completely.
"He's talking to someone. I've been waiting for an hour ..." At that moment his stomach made a characteristic sound, which only meant his body was demanding food. He looked at Francesca. She smiled and snuggled tightly into his shoulder and then pulled him towards the stairs.
"Besides," Josh stared at him, he massaged his head with an open hand, "talking about unnecessary things ..." he pointed his finger at the archer, "Lucy took the bow! What do we need it for?
"It doesn't matter ... I'm a doctor, remember? The most important thing for me is the health of other people. And besides, getting you out of bed at six in the morning - I dare say that every morning - is just cruel ..."
Mycroft did not want to give him satisfaction, but his brother was right. He preferred to avoid senseless walking and unnecessary effort. "It's nice that you're worried. After all, you know how I feel when you get involved in some suspicious stuff every time."
He laced up his shoes and left all unnecessary things. He left the apartment, closing the door. He almost immediately came across Molly, who was passing by, so he smiled at her.
"I'm sorry, Holmes. I have no idea who the Ripper might be or how to prove his guilt... Unless we find someone who can't move his left hand," he added half-jokingly and looked at the detective.
Mycroft put the tip of the penis at John's sensitive place. He gasped as the first inches sank into John. Mycroft, seeing the effort and pain of the other man, put a hand on his hand and joined their fingers. He lowered his head and soothingly kissed John's hot and swollen lips. The blond man was breathing deeply with his eyes closed. He massaged his penis so that the pain would not cause such discomfort with the other hand. It took forever before Mycroft entered him whole. When he did this, he tried not to crush John with his body, although he barely controlled himself. He looked at John's face and his blue eyes filled with lust. If he had one more hand, he would surely wipe the sweat off his forehead and move wet strands of hair aside. But now he could only watch him in silence.
You don't smile back, you look at Mycroft asking about some privacy with me. He looks surprised but doesn't question it.
Is this how all those kids feel when they discover their sexuality and there is no one to support them? Do they feel shame like I did when the first time thought of hugging and kissing you occurred to me? It shouldn't, but it did. I am so sorry.
Lips moving against each other in a dance called desire. Your nails digging into my shoulder blades to pull me closer. God, Sherlock.
“Of course you were,” John sent Mycroft a look which he didn’t return, causing him to get more and more concerned with every second.
“Sherlock, what have you done?” Mycroft greeted his teeth, snatching the syringe out of his hand, putting it into his handkerchief with disgust. Sherlock only waited for cocaine to kick in, usually, it took one minute but something was telling him, this time it would be different. Mycroft wasn’t having any of it.
Like there is no other proper answer to that question. Or maybe it's not the answer we have a problem with. Maybe that's about the question. Do we want to hear a real answer? Do you want to listen about how screwed up people's lives can be? I bet you don't.
"Iceberg. Fucking Black Holes and Icebergs," words seemed to amuse Sherlock to the point he felt the urgent need to laugh out loud. Was it the sound of the words or the way they felt on his tongue? Mycroft didn't know. But he was hoping his euphoria will last for the whole...
The detective placed the syringe horizontally with a needle towards the median cubital vein and stopped. He knew this was it.
John hesitated for a second as if not sure if he should continue and Sherlock wished he didn't. He remembered calling out John, when he re-dosed the drug, begging him to not leave him, to hold him... to love him.
The hurt clutched his stomach, squeezing it like a little squash ball, making him nauseous at the image of his
I want to tell you how much you changed my miserable life but Mary and Mycroft are behind us and you know that already.
I got used to him and his unexpected visits when England is about to fall and he needs your help. Even if I don't find him the best company in the world and there were moments when I wanted to just punch him in the face... I think he loves you, maybe just as much as I love you.
. I would like to call you that when we are alone, it feels personal. But you are leaving and I will never call you by your real name. Shame.
Sherlock took a deep breath starring Moriarty in the eyes. A crazy smile was lingering on his lips, encouraging his actions.
The sorrow is overwhelming. You are not coming back at all. But I don't want to see it, so I purse my lips in a thin line and look around again. I feel like every organ inside me falls to the ground and I ask myself how the hell I am still standing. It's hard. But I guess you need me now just as much as I need you so I turn to face you. Something is stuck in my throat and I can't speak.
“You've been reading John's blog,” she smiled and John didn’t have the courage to look at Sherlock, Mary, nor anyone else. No, he already hugged Sherlock five minutes ago, so the daily limit of ‘the things done on the spur of the moment’ has been reached. Thank you very much. Yet, his heart skipped a bit. “The story of how you’ve met.”
Sherlock knew that his addiction took over him (not that he resisted), its legs carried him into the kitchen while one hand rolled up his sleeve and the other opened the drawer to grab a spoon.
Both men were praying for the woman to keep her mouth shut, to not mention the party that caused so much distress last night. But the man can wish.
Brunet just nodded, looking away. Was it a cruel joke or was he still high, maybe it was just a dream...
But Mary put me together again; slowly, day by day, month by month until the only thing that reminded me of this bloody day was just a giant hole in my chest. Sometimes, when it was pretty windy in London, you could hear a funny whistling sound that air made when passing through it. Funny...
For a second Sherlock forgot his heart was not beating properly. For a second he let himself be consumed by John's warmth and believe that nothing happened. He didn't fake his suicide, he never left John behind. No marriage, no child and their friendship developed. At some point, they acknowledged their feelings, one evening they've drunk one glass too much and their lips met while standing in the corridor, before parting to their separate rooms. And the peck turned into a kiss, then into full snog. Sherlock pushed him in the direction of his room. They touched, caressed each other, whispering promises and assertions.
Just a simple question and only God knows how much every word of it costs me. I dig a non-existing hole in the ground with my shoe. I really can't look at you, I hope you understand how nervous I am.
to be involved romantically (God forbid sexually) with someone. And the fact that Sherlock's mind was not lucid right now and without any inhibitions, he was grunting for his Doctor was too much for sober Mycroft.
But Sherlock wasn't listening anymore. John wanted to annul his marriage for him, he wanted to be with
Was he still high? No, that can't be... But it was an only reasonable explanation for John's voice to be
His mind wouldn’t shut up, not yet. The sound of the Waltz was still present in his mind, like the song you can’t stop humming, no matter how hard you try. But the notes were getting ugly, major turned into minor in his head, legato transformed into some kind of wail, vibrato wasn’t perfectly balanced anymore, sounded more like a tremor than a deliberate movement. Exaggerated. Imperfect. Useless (feelings) piece of music. It was a solo, not a duet. Solo, always solo.
"Yes, I'll have you, if you will have me, John," was he blushing? The warmth was spilling all over his face and neck making his skin itch. Sherlock felt a finger under his chin destined to raise his eyes towards John's. When he surrendered he almost started crying, seeing the depth of the doctor's feelings in them, the devotion and something he hasn't seen in a while- he seemed more content, less bitter.
We had a row yesterday. I blame her for your departure and I am not sure if I can ever get over it. Pissed not even certain about what... I guess nothing particular and everything in between.
Mycroft unbuttoned two upper buttons of Sherlock’s shirt to make sure he could breathe without any restraint while the first wave of alkaloid washed over him, activating his sympathetic nervous system.
"I would be in this position anyway, John. I had a case," I flinch. Why are you justifying her actions?
I cover my face with an arm. I started thinking about divorce and here I was, an hour later wondering if you ever loved
John exhaled all the air he’s been holding since he entered the plane, closing the gap between them.
John smiled and it quickly transformed into full laughter, with Sherlock beaming at him. What made him laugh, he wasn't sure in the first place but it wasn't important. Does he need to think about every detail, every reason for his actions?
“Take care of the mess you’ve made, Sherlock! We are going upstairs. I presume you don’t want Mrs. Hudson to find you here in the middle of your…
. The detective couldn't control the sob that escaped his lips, maybe he was still not clear-headed enough to do so. It hurt him, to look at it, to touch it. He should have taken morphine, doctors prescribe it for pain. And he was hurting really bad.
But he knew it was pointless, it won’t take the hunger away. He should be honest with himself- he didn’t want a cigarette, he wanted something more to which smoke was a substitute, just like cases, just like
Beautiful, flowery words decorating the reality, that wasn’t even half that pleasing. Becoming a soldier to satisfy his need for action, becoming a doctor to satisfy his need to control the situation and urge of knowing things, dating only women to satisfy his father’s homophobic beliefs and pride, marrying Mary (the best thing that happened to him?) to not end up alone and to get over his feelings for his very much male flatmate.
He was alone once and he was good at it. Nobody to take care of, with Mrs. Hudson downstairs there was always someone to talk to if he needed to. He already made it work for the past few months why not now?
Mycroft makes a step forward, nodding towards us as he makes his way back to the black car. Right, there is nothing between us without Sherlock. Goodbye to you too, Mycroft.
My first thought is about your plane, that it crashed or you got killed on the board. I feel cold sweat on my back. Please no, I was supposed to have six months to acknowledge your loss. Not now. Please, Sherlock.
You are my best friend, someone I would die for, someone I would kill for but you know that. I already did it after knowing you for less than 24 hours. Who does that? Now you killed for me, at least that's what I can assume, which is based on your twisted logic. This is insane. All of it is.
... or at least that's what you used to say. But then you call me that. Isn't it a compliment when someone who is constantly irritated by people surrounding him, considers you his friend? It means there is something less irritating in you than in others. Well, it is good enough for me. Always.
So they were in this together. Probably from the second John pulled the trigger at the Roland Kerr Further Education College.
I hold my breath when I feel your hand close to mine, our pinkies almost touching. You know I am going to miss you too but you don't want to hear me say it. Our fingers are intertwined and I am not sure who made a move but since it's all in my head I don't give it a second thought.
The coming sunrise brought a change of weather. Black clouds started to disappear beyond the horizon, and bangs and flares disappeared completely. The wind died down, but it was still strong enough to make small ships and cutters swing on the water. The car rushed on a wet road towards the south-eastern part of the city. After a few minutes, they arrived at the designated place. The driver took out their luggage and led them to the ordered motorboat.
"Sorry, I have other plans, but thank you for inviting me, Molly," he replied, trying not to sound as excited as he really was. He passed the girl and walked to the stairs.
"Perhaps I will be able to get you out of this problem soon," the detective muttered in a bored tone.
"I have a feeling that something is missing here. That I have forgotten something that may be needed." He felt a friend beside him. Sherlock didn't say a word. "I know I shouldn't, but for some reason, I am happy to feel this thrill. This is about the lives of many people but I ..." He paused for a moment and sighed. "You were right. I'm addicted to adrenaline." He turned his head and tried to control the shiver that overwhelmed his body. Sherlock's piercing gaze made him feel goosebumps. Sherlock was silent and stared at his body in such a way that John wanted to wrap himself in a blanket or grab his shirt. He watched a friend who opened his mouth slightly and stretched out his fingers to touch something. He realized that Sherlock's attention was focused on the red bruise on his shoulder.
"These are not trips, Mrs. Hudson," he frowned as he set the half-empty cup on the table. Somehow he did not like this cold tea. "It is crimes that call us to different parts of the country. If I wanted to rest, I would take John to some warm and boring place."
Sherlock believed that this was due to what he said and how it worked on his imagination, not the cool wind that was blowing unbelievably hard now. The first drops of rain left marks on their faces. Fortunately, one street separated them from their flat. They ran the rest of the way. They went inside, slammed the door and dropped their backs against the hall wall. Sherlock immediately remembered the day when it all began. The moment they stood tired but amused after their first adventure was the perfect copy of the present moment. With the difference that now they had a stronger bond and feelings. Feeling of love. Sherlock stared into his friend's eyes, still unable to believe what his life would be like now. He slowly changed position, standing in front of John and slightly pressing him against the wall. He stared at him for so long that the doctor couldn't stand it, grabbed his coat collar and pulled him down for a kiss. Their first, passionate and a little awkward kiss.
John followed him with his eyes. It took several minutes for his bouquet to be ready. He paid and joined a friend who patiently waited for him at the door. "We can go".
"Do you make an equal sign between disrespect and pain after loss?" Mycroft asked and raised one eyebrow.
The man cleared his throat again, though it didn't help him much. "Basically, I try not to harass people, but ..." he paused.
"Stop!" he finally managed to free a terrified scream from his throat. He did it because Sebastian put his mouth to his neck. "Sebastian! No!" he closed his eyes tightly and pushed him away with all his strength. "Stop!". Nothing reached the consciousness of a stronger man. John gritted his teeth and did the same with his fist. Without warning, he hit Sebastian on the cheekbone. It was true that he lay on the ground and did it at an odd angle, but the strike worked. Moran was stunned, and John took advantage of it. He crawled out from under his body and pressed his shoulder to the nearest tree. Cold sweat covered his entire body. He was panting loud and deep. He put his hand on his chest, trying to calm his croaking heart.
"Sherlock ..." Mycroft said quietly, lowering his head. The situation was tense anyway, and Sherlock's made-up excuses and his carefree tone only made the atmosphere worse. He knew they both had to talk seriously, but it wasn't a good time.
Mycroft was thinking deeply about something. He took a deep breath and straightened up even more. "John, listen. Tonight there will be a farewell party in the neighboring hotel. Something like a summary of the congress. I know we've been through a lot lately. We've said unpleasant words too, but if you want ... I'll be delighted if you join me tonight.
He nodded. After a moment he realized that Holmes was standing right above him as if waiting for him to join him. He stood up, grimacing in pain and rubbing his sore leg. "They say you're a famous detective. So maybe you'll make us realize what Mrs Chapman's body says about her murderer," he suggested, feeling more and more confident. Holmes's penetrating gaze gave him determination and courage now and did not intimidate him as it did a few minutes earlier.
John looked at Sherlock. They had no other choice. After all, they couldn't leave Molly alone when people were fighting outside and the chairs started to fly in the air.
"Forgive him, John." Mycroft finally straightened up. "He couldn't sleep and he is and frustrated now." He looked him straight in the eye and nodded at Sherlock, then looked away at his brother a moment later. "Please, Sherlock," he said softly, as if afraid to destroy the peace in the living room, "consider what I told you." The brothers stared at each other for a moment, but Mycroft was the first to let go. He slung the handle of his umbrella over his left forearm, and he prepared to reach out to John.
"Next time, don't hesitate. And instead of kissing my forehead, kiss me like I was the person you love. It won't kill me or you, Mycroft."
"Ouch!" Aaron did not hide his amusement. "Harsh words, but you are probably right. I doubt we would be able to do something. But that doesn't change the fact that your decision doesn't look good in the papers." Aaron sat down in the armchair. "Let's get back to the matter now. As I said, this CD has everything you would prefer to stay sealed. And I swear it's the only CD I have, so don't worry."
John ignored them and focused on looking through the envelopes. "I wonder how many of them are threats," his quiet grunt didn't catch their attention.
"I had time to think about recent events, John, and I can confidently say I deserved it," Mycroft interrupted him, and unwittingly put his hand on the spot where he felt John's fist the most. He saw his smile and then heard the rustle of bedclothes.
His words met with no reaction. At least not a verbal one. Lestrade had no idea of pathology, and doctor Phillips was ignoring his arguments. The other policemen were busy searching the yard. Only Mr Holmes was intrigued. He smiled slightly as if he was pleased with the conclusions he just heard. All this time he was constantly staring at him with piercing eyes. He was doing it so insistently that it even caught the attention of the inspector, who cleared his throat and tried unsuccessfully to engage him into some discussion.
"I mean your club. A club of snobbish and sometimes rude intellectuals who pretend to be worried about the good of the free world, but are actually fighting in psychological wars. Looking at all of you I am glad to be an ordinary human being. Only with Francesca, I don't feel like a total moron. " John heard Mycroft sigh but didn't see the other man put down his coffee and straighten up in his chair.
He heard no more. Some words reached his ears, but he focused on the woman whose life ended in such tragic circumstances. She was lying between a high wooden fence and concrete steps. As he went down, he had to be careful not to step on her. He knelt beside the body. Poor woman. What she had to go through, he thought. He knew that her mutilated body and pale face would remain in his memory for a long time. He took off the glove and put the back of his hand against the woman's skin. She was cold.
Figuring out where he was and what he was doing didn't surprise John as much as the fact that Sherlock could also figure out the amount of time he spent there. John assumed he also knew about the amount of alcohol he drank. He nodded with a barely visible movement. He was about to reply, but Mycroft soft voice interrupted him.
John thought he had gotten used to the thought. He accepted it, but the sight of Sebastian made his face pale. He felt all the muscles in his body involuntarily clench, he lost his breath, and all thoughts vanished from his head. Earlier he would consider it as a sign of infatuation, falling in love, or on the contrary - fear, and panic - but his feelings for Sebastian were much more complicated. Moran destroyed him. He broke him in every possible way. It was because of him that he lost confidence. He hated himself for some time and closed his heart to men. Meeting him again after all these years was a shock. It hurt him, and the memories he tried to get rid of came back with redoubled force. When he saw him for the first time three weeks earlier, he realized that he would never be free from what had happened between them. That Sebastian will always stay with him and that he is part of who he has become. In the dimly lit corridor, he looked the same as the day he last saw him. He hasn't changed at all. His piercing eyes, desperate, penetrated him right through. Short hair and sharp facial hair were the same. His strong arms that...
Knowing that he was about to enter the crime scene, examine the victim, and feel the thrill again made his body shiver. Of course, he felt sorry for the murdered woman and would prefer such crimes not to happen at all. However, since he was unable to prevent them, he could have used the opportunity to at least help the police. He felt excited and had to control the emotions that were slowly taking over him.
He froze in place as he saw Holmes approaching him. The detective walked swiftly, silently. With a grim face. He passed him and, without turning, he walked forward. As if he wanted to leave the building as soon as possible. With no little effort, he followed him, swaying from side to side and almost dragging his injured leg. After a few steps, he was overwhelmed by curiosity. He looked back. The stranger was still standing in the same place. The raised eyebrow and the cheeky smirk matched his childish face. The image was spoiled by the black toga and the thick book he kept under his arm. He watched them go and never broke eye contact. They finally reached the main hall, and only now did Holmes slow down, giving him a moment to rest.
John was fully aware of their presence, despite the fact, Sherlock just mumbled a few sentences since they left the hotel. Molly's delighted sighs were proof, she was completely enchanted by the surroundings and Francesca's stories. He didn't look back often, but he felt his friend's eyes on him. A hot, piercing stare never left him. It didn't change even when they all stopped and focused on a building or sculpture. John was convinced Sherlock watched him intensively. But this was not the only strange thing in his behavior. Sherlock entered his personal space, sometimes he deliberately nudged John or murmured something in his ear. When John gave him a withering and confused look, Sherlock pretended he had no idea why he looked at him in surprise.
He did not notice the moment when he entered the bathroom, slamming the door behind him, threw off sweat-damp clothes and went into the shower. The cold water started flowing down his naked and tired body. He looked at his feet, he could have sworn he saw the dirt of the previous day and last night, flowing down to the plughole. He wanted his conversation with Stoner, a strange evening with Sherlock, this kiss attempt and a quarrel with Mycroft, to disappear like that foam in the pipes. He was tired of all this. He wanted to go home. He wanted to go back to Baker Street. He stood busy with his thoughts, and when he was starting to regain control of his nerves, he noticed his black feet. They were proof of his recent experiences with Sherlock. He felt embarrassment, confusion, and anger again. He was emotionally broken.
We should get going, it's getting colder and wind in the open space is unbearable. Mary clings to my side not saying a word. She knows I am hurting and don't want to talk about it. This is why I proposed to her, she could stand the silence and my bursts of anger. Sometimes I talked about you for hours and she just listened, never complained. I love her, I do.
She asks me if I am alright. No. I don't think so. No. But I say I'm fine. The biggest lie we tell every day.
I tell you about the divorce, you are not surprised. Of course, you are a flicker of my imagination.
The silence was piercing through his ears, drilling its way into his skull passing all the barriers of the external ear, the tympanic membrane, the internal ear, making his temporal lobe vibrate in anxiousness.
"I tried to call you. Three times, to be precise. I thought you will be leaving with Mrs Hudson but it turned out that you were long gone. Molly saw you leaving without even one word," John was angry and hurt, maybe a little disappointed (nothing new). His bags under eyes suddenly became more evident as if the best night of his life sucked all the life out of him. Still playing with an empty glass, the doctor sighed, diverting his eyes towards the floor. "And then Mycroft calls me, asking me what do I want from you. Strange, I think, why would Mycroft call me while you are not answering your phone? My only thought- something happened to Sherlock."
Sherlock's brain stopped rapidly. Blink, blink. Head stopped hurting, his body ignored any stimuli other than John's hand on his kneecap. His whole world shrunk into the surface of his skin that had contact with John. Breathe, Sherlock. Error. Error.
"Whatever you heard or you thought you heard I was high as a ki-" John's hand landed on his knee covered with a blanket.
I take a step closer, we are out of earshot which should be comforting if I actually knew what to say to you. What do you say to the person you are seeing for the last time?
"Sherlock? Sherlock, do you want to look for the switch in your bedroom? Maybe you left it in the-" he didn't even finish the sentence, because Sherlock's bloodshot, wet eyes shot open and in a matter of seconds sprung up to run towards John's bedroom upstairs.
The words seemed empty like they've been said just for the sake of saying them. They both knew it wasn't the truth. Mycroft sat down by the foot of the bed and pinched the bridge of his nose, visibly knackered. The silence felt heavy and Sherlock knew there was nothing more to say.
But Sherlock covered his ears like a child, trying to block his hearing. He was sick of hearing his name, almost felt like the words could be turned into the rope and start suffocating him, slowly, so he could be aware of losing consciousness, how his breathing flattens, not enough oxygen in his brain, the heart stops beating. Silence. No, no, his heart stopped beating, he can't hear it anymore.
," Sherlock’s voice rang in the soldier's right ear. Yeah, he would love to watch John hit him, wouldn't he? He could almost hear him smiling and resisted the urge to look over his shoulder.
Sherlock. And despair exploded inside John. Heavy, overwhelming despair, reminding him that he could have never seen him again.
"Sherlock, can you hear me?" Mycroft sat on the sofa near Sherlock's chest and decided to try his luck but didn't believe Sherlock could answer him. He wasn't wrong.
And this is exactly what he did, adding a few remarks towards Mycroft, with his coat in hand, while exiting the plane. He was about to leave the plane himself when Mycroft’s voice stopped him.
“Umm… Sherlock needs me back at Baker Street,” he threw, waiting for the answer. All he got was neutral “uhm” and that was it. John knew it wasn’t the end of the conversation but to be honest- he didn’t care at all, because he couldn’t stop this weird feeling inside him like something bloomed there, some rare flower, its petals tickling his guts. Next ping.
A little disappointed by the lack of Sherlock’s offer to accompany him in this adventure, he got in the car himself and fastened seat belts.
Sherlock, looking exhausted, fell back again on his comfortably looking seat, not looking at newly arrived Mycroft and Mary. Soon after, he started maundering about some old case from a hundred years ago not making any sense whatsoever. Ricoletti… Dead but alive...
Suddenly he remembers he is not alone. He reaches blindly forward with his one hand to get a grip of something or someone, not quite sure which would be better, and begs. With loud thump falls on his knees, inspecting his chest, trying to find some
We float in the silence violated only by the sound of our breaths. I could stay like this forever, with you by my side.
You nod. I respond with the same. We let go. One, two, three steps back and you turn around, all I can see is your black coat fluttering in the wind and dark curls above it.
the sentence or are you going to stutter all the way through? "The thing I'm trying to say is that I can't pretend anymore. I can't go on with my life that doesn't include you, I just can't, Sherlock. I was trying to convince myself that I enjoyed a quiet life in suburbs but God help me, It's going to kill me from the inside if I continue living like this."
Or maybe you are not on the plane anymore, one of your tricks to escape this cage your brother put you in. I would never underestimate you, not after...
“Jesus Christ” he murmured finally turning the key. At this point, he was willing to sit on the stairs and just snort a nice dosage of cocaine right on his doorstep. It was late (ten minutes to 1 am) anyway, no one would see, no one would care, not anymore.
Mycroft pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes, not managing taking care of Sherlock at this point. He felt helpless because all he could do was just look at how Sherlock was swaying back and forth on the floor while moaning John's name. Whimpered supplications escaping brunet's mouth made Mycroft uncomfortable, he wasn't interested in his brother's desires and he didn't want to know the details of Sherlock's fantasies. It made him cringe to even think that his younger brother might be
You like her, don't you? It was always a mystery to me. You never liked my girlfriends before, you found them stupid, never really bothered to remember their names. But it was somehow different from Mary, wasn't it?
“Sherlock? Can you hear me?” he parted his eyelids to see if pupils responded to light, angling Sherlock’s head towards it. They did, but it didn’t make the doctor any less upset. He took the detective's pulse on the wrist while looking at his watch. One hundred and two. Given the fact that his normal resting rate was about seventy, he was having a tachycardia. Great.
John held back a snort, straightening up. Sherlock staying at the hospital? Please. He knew that in a second Sherlock will wobbly stand up and say that he needs to go back to Baker Street. He had a case after all.
The thought sparked up in his head- maybe it was one of  Sherlock’s tricks? Maybe he did it on purpose, knowing too well that they wouldn’t send him to Eastern Europe if Moriarty was
The look John gave him was sobering. Frozen in place, with water in his hands Sherlock couldn't take his eyes off of his friend, wishing suddenly he didn't take the cocaine yesterday.
"Start looking with me, it needs to be here somewhere, check the kitchen, under the sink, he loves to hide things from me there."
Sherlock jumped on his feet, ignoring the blurred vision and started moving and relocating all his stuff, trying to find his
"Then what are you doing here, John?" It wasn't easy to admit but even when John was angry with him, it was still better than not having him at all. And John was here again, angry, but here. And it was way too easy to wish, to imagine that maybe... maybe they could just...
“Oh, John,” Sherlock’s breath slipped through the hair on top of John’s head, triggering chills to run all over his body, like he’s just got out of the water, soaking wet and cold, seeking for comfort.
The older brother tried the handle but it was locked. Even if the door were old, Mycroft just couldn't force the door, he was the brain, not the muscles, he had people for that kind of things. Bugger for the second time. The only thing left was the negotiations.
"Do you want... more?" only the doctor knew how much strength it took him to ask that question, but he needed to know. He needed to make sure that the words Sherlock's spoken a few hours ago were truthful.
Or maybe you know? You know we fought, deduced it by the way we left the car, closed the door or by the scent of my cologne. Well, that is possible.
I recall that the first time I saw you kissing- it was with Janine. I was shocked to the core and couldn't make myself look at you. I looked away. I had seen people kissing before but it never made such an impact on me. Was it because I never assumed you might be in a relationship? Like a normal person... Feel affection for someone other than... No, I can't think like that.
John let out all the air he was holding unconsciously, not taking back his hand resting near Sherlock’s face. Relieved but still angry (their relationship in a nutshell) John stayed leaned forward, scrutinizing the detective’s face.
Mary and Mycroft move to the side, to not interrupt us. Our last conversation- that's what you said. After that, I will never hear your voice again. The thought strikes through my head like the bullet that killed Magnussen. Suddenly I can't make myself look at you, damn it's hard. I can't understand why we should get used to goodbyes by now.
"Sherlock, I'm not going to be angry with you, but please open the door. I'll help you, I will just..." he could hear the sound of Sherlock snorting cocaine. Too late. Cocaine was again in his system.
And Sherlock could only wait, until one of the following things happened: a- he got over his feelings (yeah, right), b- he overdosed one night (more likely), c- someone gave him a case so challenging he has no time to dwell on the past.
At first, they weren’t focused on anything, more like looking around, as if to assure himself that the trance was over and he was back on the plane.
I remember all the times I did try to ignore you when we were lacking case (well... you were), your anger, desperation in voice begging for murder, for a robbery, anything that can be solved. That's when you were the weakest, hunger for nicotine and other drugs taking control over you.
to find it, for John. John would be so mad if he lost it. He finishes his shift at surgery soon and will come back home. He couldn't tell him, he's lost it!
He flushed the toilet and cleaned his hands, being very careful to not look at the mirror. He knew exactly how he looked like. Like a shadow of himself.
"And you know what? Your loneliness does not surprise me at all. And I bet it is not only your choice. Everyone moves away from you, so you decided to be alone and hide in the shadow, right? You focused on work because you feel, you are not dealing with normal relationships with people and you could not gain and keep their warm feelings for ... "
John was about to roll his eyes, but he suddenly saw a strange commotion in front of the Danieli Hotel. Sherlock followed his gaze and also started to look at people outside the hotel, analyzing them and linking the facts immediately. Before he could show off his deductions, John broke free from his tight embrace and walked to the hotel. He walked confidently, watching some men standing in gondolas at the marina and trying to make room for other boats. At least John thought they were doing this because he had never seen such stressed hotel staff before. He wanted to know what might have caused such a commotion. He didn't stop - to not give Sherlock the opportunity to catch him - and quickly entered the hotel. He was not interested in the next chaos inside the hotel, so he ran to the first floor, jumping every two steps on the stairs. He finally stood in front of the apartment door and went in, trying not to make too much noise. He had enough of Sherlock's strange behavior and did not have the slightest intention of discussing with Mycroft too. It was early in the morning and he thought Mycroft would be asleep, so he almost jumped in surprise when he saw him tying his tie and getting ready to leave.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and looked around. "Unfortunately, the hotel staff don't bother to make our lives simpler, John. We'll probably have to deal with this situation for some time. I hope this doesn't cause you too much trouble."
"Isn't that you marito?" Francesca asked. John walked toward Mycroft without a word, but he still held the woman by his side. Mycroft's eyes grew big when he saw John. He blinked nervously and the doctor could swear he saw Mycroft swallowed hard. The other man's gaze also fell on John. He fell silent and watched him closely.
Holmes was calm. He showed no emotion, even his breath showed nothing. He looked at Aaron, who was pleased with himself and he waited for his decision.
"I know what you doing, Sherlock, and it hurts just to look at your efforts," he said and once again tasted the strong drink. He didn't hear the answer, so he continued. "As I can see, Miss Adler's instruction was not in vain. Awakened hope, loss, and finally a happy ending. Tell me, Sherlock, why did you decide to try it on John? When will you stop acting like a cold bastard and you will focus all your attention on him again? After returning to London? Or maybe tonight?"
"Your boss has a really difficult temperament. I admire your self-abnegation and patience, even if it is just a job to you. You probably enjoy such days when you work  at a distance with him, right?" John said with a friendly smile. He watched Mycroft's assistant, who gave him a quick look.
"I should thank you," he said. He sat down in Molly's chair and, together with his older brother, focused on people dancing a few feet away.
John walked toward the door without a word. He opened it, tilted his head and looked around the corridor. Later, he looked at the interior of the office again and frowned. "No, it's definitely this room," he said with apparently feigned surprise. "You're Mycroft, aren't you? For a moment I thought I had entered the wrong building."
Sherlock and Mycroft never got along, they fought a kind of brotherly war. Maybe Sherlock did it, but his brother didn't make the communication easier, although he sometimes tried. John realized that his friend must have been seriously upset. It was better to leave him alone now.
"Some short gentleman comes here sometimes...", she continued, taking unnecessary things from the table and carrying them to the other room. "Oh, what's his name?" she asked.
Sherlock was a wreck. In the positive sense of the word. He was lying sweaty, red, with messy hair tied around his face. His stomach and legs were covered with semen. The last spasms of pleasure tugged him. "John" he muttered with trembling lips.
The detective's head snapped. "Watson!" He was glad to see him. It was obvious from the tone of his voice. The joy of the unexpected visit lasted a mere second, because one glance made his eyes narrow, and vertical lines appeared between his eyebrows. He got up from the table, casually throwing the magnifying glass onto the pile of paper.
Mycroft gritted his teeth and looked down. John read him like an open book and it was very disturbing.
John was breathing quickly and deeply. He stared with misty eyes at Mycroft's red cheeks, his accelerated breath and the mismatched confusion on his face. He realized that once again for some unknown reason he had led the genius to a state when he could not control himself. He would have enjoyed this fact perhaps more if he had been able to predict these sudden attacks of passion and Mycroft's emotional instability. He smiled and approached Holmes again. "I hope this was your response to the invitation."
Mycroft tilted his head. "If you want. But I would prefer you to go as my chosen one." Without hesitating, he leaned over and grabbed John's lip between his lips. The kiss was quick but gentle and tender.
Mycroft knew John had to pour out all the bitterness and desperation that had accumulated in him during this trip. John was in a new place, he knew absolutely no one, and the only person he could depend on in the first days was him. Of course, he felt lost, nervous and frustrated. His bad mood was also caused by Stoner. Mycroft knew he had made a mistake. He knew he should be more interested in John and should protect him from all these things. He understood his anger. But he also had a lot to say.
"Don't worry about it, Mycroft ..." John said, reaching for his glass. "... if I didn't like it, you would definitely feel it."
Aaron pushed the door open and they both went inside. Mycroft saw a metal staircase leading to the upper floors on his right. Aaron went first, by Mycroft watched people and hotel staff for a moment. They didn't even notice when two unknown men slipped inside their hotel. The waitresses were bustling around the tables at the back of the hotel restaurant. The bartenders were busy preparing drinks, and the manager earnestly, but tactfully tried to calm down three men who were intoxicated by alcohol for sure. Mycroft didn't even want to comment. He followed Aaron. As they climbed the next floors, Aaron turned a smile at him with his hands in his pockets.
Strange sparks flashed in Holmes' eyes, and his heartfelt smile showed pride. "Thank you, Watson." Before moving on to the next body, he looked at him. He gave him a long, slightly disturbing look that made his heart beat faster.
The handkerchief did help. Seeing it, the people allowed the carriage to pass. The street was narrow, and people squeezed, to at least glance at the door of the building, where the tragedy took place. Finally, the carriage stopped. Lestrade was generous enough to pay the coachman and make him wait nearby. They got out of the hansom cab and started making their way to the crime scene.
"Well, you're right. But what are you doing with this phone then?" he asked before he could hold his tongue. He knew he had no right to ask about that. But Anthea was not angry, she responded with a wide smile. She didn't answer his question, of course not. After all, who was he was to reveal government secrets to him? Anthea intrigued him with her mystery. He was surprised she talked to him so naturally and talked so much. Their conversations usually ended with a quick 'good morning, doctor' or 'Mr. Holmes is waiting'. It was pleasant to spend time with someone else who looked at things normally
"Thank you very much for your concern, John, but I can take care of myself. And I believe the ophthalmology was not your field of study."
They felt movement behind them. Another man stood in front of the wall with screens. He had a nice face but resembled Mycroft with his professionalism. One of his nods was enough for the room to be quiet and the security guards left without a word. Three people who were standing in the back approached the couch. The archer wondered for a long time where to sit, and finally chose a seat next to John. He seemed to her the only normal person in the room. Sherlock was not happy with her choice, but his biggest worry at the moment was not the woman but the man sitting opposite. When everyone had taken their seats, he looked at the person leading the meeting. He guessed that the man was high in the hierarchy of secret services.
John was glad when the grip on his chest eased. He was sure his body would be all strong and sore in the next day. He was slowly regaining the ability to think soberly. As Mycroft pulled his penis out of him, he collapsed on the bed, face down. The older genius settled down right behind him. He was totally exhausted like the other two. They lay side by side for a long moment, breathing heavily and trying to regain consciousness and balance. The smell of sex and sweat filled the room. The sheets were sticky with sperm and other secretions. John's heart rate calmed down until he felt a familiar mouth between his shoulders. Mycroft kissed him gently and warmed him with his hot breath. It was so enjoyable that he wanted to close his eyes and plunge into pleasure. He didn't do it, because Sherlock sat on the bed, carefully turned him over on his back, and settled himself between his legs. He was surprised because his friend didn't seem to show any signs that this one time was enough for him. John groaned softly as Sherlock sucked on his sensitive body, running greedy hands over his arms, stomach, legs, and wherever he could.
Younger Holmes ignored his brother's intense gaze and focused on further deduction. "The owner is either an activist or an elderly woman with a weakness for old cats," he continued. "She cares for him, you can see it in the combed fur and clean ears of the cat. He is used to caressing and even demands it." He looked at the red cat that cuddled more and more into Molly's hands and dug deeper into her dress. "Spoiled, little kitty." He grabbed the cat gently at the face with two fingers and gently shook it sideways. "This is not the only animal in her home. She lives with her family in the south of the city near the main canal. On the second floor I think," he said proudly. He leaned back in his chair and looked at his brother first, then at John. If he had to, he could easily show how he deduced all these things. The color of the faded fur that the cat had on one side, indicating that he liked to take a nap high on the windowsill with a view of the water. That his fur was mixed with the fur of other animals, and this was caused because the owner used one brush to comb all her pets. Or the fact that the cat avoided the company of young children, which he certainly simply had had enough of. If he had to, he would dispel doubts. However, this was not necessary. John and Molly looked at him in silence and with admiration. "The owner is an older woman," he added with satisfaction.
John wanted to comfort her. He never left women alone like that, but now his biggest problem was Stoner. He was holding Molly's arms and at the same time was looking around the room in search of that bastard who was using even such naive people like Molly. John was angry and terrified about the effects of Molly's decisions and actions, but he had no time to be angry with her now, he was afraid of Mycroft's reaction and Stoner's next steps.
"You have a few free hours. Does that mean that out of boredom you decided to see for yourself what our work looks like?" Lestrade asked, finally settling down in a comfortable seat. "You want to make sure if I'm not out of practice," he added with a smile, and he winked, still looking at him.
He failed. Jealousy and other negative emotions became clearer and stronger when he saw them together. When he felt compared to his younger brother. His self-control was falling apart when John was around. He couldn't control the pain. The only way out was to argue and push the doctor into Sherlock's arms. That's how he handled rejection. Exposing himself to greater suffering and convincing himself that this was the only thing he deserved. The situation changed on the last day. Ironically, it was Sherlock who made him realize that the fight for what he wants to have does not always have to end tragically. It was thanks to his brother that he understood that being open to other people does not necessarily mean weakness. On the contrary. He could find what he lacked, he can fill the void and feel happy and complete. When he returned to England, he understood how much he wanted John. His warmth, smiles and all the small gestures that made him feel special. He didn't think he had made a mistake asking for his help, but he was afraid of one thing. That he would be alone after all. That, if he gives John the freedom of choice he would be rejected and he would not be able to experience happiness. Because, what could John feel for him in two weeks? Half a month could not match the years he had spent at Sherlock's side. He was worried that he would treat it as an adventure filled with an emotional swing. That when he came home he would forget about everything and would take his own feelings for a whim or temporary infatuation. He wanted to be sure that John would take his words to heart and make a decision not based on emotion, but that decision would be well-thought and made with full awareness.
It was a bit disturbing. Sherlock thought Mycroft had managed to deal with Stoner, who felt the taste of defeat, realized that he had lost and will leave John alone. That he would abandon all the plans he had about him. However, his announced visit and Mycroft's nonchalant tone confused him. He tried to read some details from his brother's face. Anything that would help him predict the outcome and the effects of their confrontation. "Mycroft, you didn't get along with him, did you?" he asked with hidden concern.
"What are you talking about?" Mycroft asked quietly, putting down his glass and wiping his hand because he accidentally poured it with wine. John pretended not to understand his consternation. He opened his eyes wide and shook his head.
"Sherlock, why are you in such a good mood?" John crossed his legs and leaned the back of his head against the chair's head with a smile. "You failed the experiment. We have no interesting cases. For several days nothing is happening ...".
Sherlock rubbed his face with his free hand. "Again? Mycroft, this sentiment doesn't suit you. Are you sure this wine was properly fermented?"
John turned and narrowed his eyes because the sun was shining straight on his face. He didn't even have to make an effort to guess who was behind him.
He rubbed his forehead with his free hand and turned toward the dance floor. He was surprised to discover that Miss Hooper's happy times were over. She stood alone among strangers, while his brother disappeared behind the evacuation door, most likely using the opportunity to smoke. Mycroft couldn't leave it like this. He walked slowly and calmly toward the exit with a glass of alcohol in his hand. He passed talking and satisfied guests, passed loners who were not looking for company, and finally went outside the hotel. He saw his brother standing over a narrow channel and blowing smoke straight into the sky. Without a word, he stood beside him and put his free hand in his pants pocket, sipping his whiskey. They did not say a word for a long time before the elder of them finally decided to speak first.
"Thank you, John. You helped me today," Mycroft said, as he walked next to him, across a wide corridor to their apartment. It was a late night, so they tried to get to the room as quiet as possible.
"You're amazing, you know it, don't you? You're cute, smart and so sensitive. But you don't have to worry about it, darling. I really don't mean to hurt anyone. Absolutely not! This is not about me, you or Sherlock. I only care about the truth, and I don't want Mycroft to suffer. I just ask you to let me know if you see something weird or surprising. I know, you also care about your friends' happiness, and I want to help them achieve it. Does it mean that everything will always be beautiful and colorful? Of course not - but after a bit of bitterness everyone will feel the sweet taste of happiness. It will be a time full of warmth and love ... ". Aaron fell silent and stared at Molly's shiny eyes. She stared at him with dew cheeks.
"And you ... Do I have to remind you we have an important conference at noon? If I were you I wouldn't risk ignoring this important meeting ...
"You have no idea what you look like now" Mycroft muttered, teasing the delicate skin behind his ear.
"Whitechapel. Hanbury Street," he said, sitting down behind the man. He sighed in relief as the hansom cab started to move. He pressed his back against the soft seat. For a moment, he looked at the passing people, the horses, and the running messengers. The traffic was growing despite the early hour. He wasn't surprised. Every mention of the murder has recently become as important as the coronation of a member of the royal family. Interest grew with every rumour that the next victims had been more cruelly mutilated than the previous ones. London was full of fear and a strange fascinator with an unknown murderer. It was difficult for him to judge such behaviour. In the end, he ordered to be taken to the scene of the crime, hoping it would stop the monotony that had been tormenting him for weeks and almost drove him crazy.
John was not going to listen to this nonsense any longer. He didn't know if Mycroft had offended him on purpose or told him to stop worrying about it in a very incompetent way. No matter what his intentions were, he made John decide to leave the problem in his hands. Because, why should he bother about it, if Mycroft didn't look interested or worried enough? It wasn't his problem because he didn't meet these people every day. It was the first time he pretended to be his husband and it seemed that he would never have to do it again. He was tired of watching Mycroft's expressionless face. He clenched his teeth and turned to the bedroom. When he was halfway to the room, he reached his hand out to the round table he was just passing by and grabbed a green bottle of wine. The type of alcohol didn't matter at the moment. John just needed something strong. But before he disappeared into the darkness of the bedroom, he turned to his husband for the last time that night.
John shivered. It was like that every time Mycroft initiated intimate contact. He couldn't help feeling a bit dominated around him, and for some reason, he's been enjoying it a lot lately. He looked at his friend who nodded. The touch of raw flesh, Sherlock's interior, and boundless trust was everything to him at the moment. He sat more comfortably between his friend's open legs. He smeared some vaseline all over his penis, put the tip right next to the sensitive hole, and waited. Not for permission, but for a moment when Sherlock was ready. He could feel Mycroft taking off the rest of his clothes behind his back, then the gentle hands caressing his ribs.
Before the receptionist came out from behind the counter, he reached his hand toward the wall with the keys, decorated with long red tassels. There were two hooks under each room number - key for guest and spare key. He brushed one of them with his fingers, then stopped and moved on to the next pair. His eyes fell on the woman who appeared next to him with a small booklet 'Italian phrasebook', that's why he didn't notice satisfaction on her companion's face, who of course noticed his little mistake.
John sighed helplessly. He gathered his strength and froze in place, forcing the other man to stop. He stood in the shadow, so he could hide from the sun at least a moment.
"And you know what I think?" John said, but Mycroft interrupted him almost immediately with a stiff and contemptuous tone.
Holmes paid no attention to his anger. He turned to him and smiled with pursed lips. "Good morning, John" he greeted him calmly and leisurely.
"Because it won't be. Everything has changed, John." Mycroft loved looking at the quick changes on his face, but he wasn't cruel. He quickly explained what he meant. "But between you and me, not you and Sherlock. You were and always will be friends. You know him. His world revolves around you. Which annoys me a little," he admitted, looking away for a moment. "I'm sure when you get back to your flat, Sherlock will be just like always, you won't even notice the difference."
"I know Mycroft better than he thinks, and I can assure you, John, that just as he avoids people, he hates the thought of relying on someone or needing their support and help."
"Mr. Stoner, it's not too reasonable to drink at this hour. We have important negotiations tomorrow, and if I remember correctly your presence is obligatory," Mycroft said in a hard tone, watching the other man devoured John with his gaze.
Worst of all, however, was that John slowly realized why the Holmes brothers were acting in such strange and suspicious ways. It took him a while to understand they were waiting for his decision. The thought of it hit him and almost knocked him off his feet. Was he going to decide what to do next? He? Why did they leave this type of decision in his hands, or rather on his shoulders? What was he supposed to do? What decision to make? Did they really think it was okay with him? Where did the idea come from that ... what indeed? That he would choose one of them? It was beyond his strength. Recently, his unfulfilled dream was to get closer to Sherlock. He dreamed of hugging him and maybe even kissing his beautiful lips. He knew it was unreal and out of his reach. And Mycroft? He had never ever thought of him THIS way. How could he? Older Holmes had always been cool and hard to approach, and the idea that he might want more from someone seemed absurd to John. Still, two weeks were enough to completely turn his life and reasoning upside down. Suddenly Sherlock's arms became more real. If he wanted to, he might have known the taste of his mouth for a long time. Who knows, maybe he would also dare to finally confess to him his hidden feelings? It was even stranger with Mycroft. He not only got used to his touch but also learned that he could be jealous and strangely possessive. At the thought of his fierce kisses and strong arms, which, with gentleness and firmness, would not let him go, John felt pleasant shivers down his spine. He realized that in a dozen or so days he got to know them better than in all the years together. It turned out that Sherlock looks at him differently than before, and Mycroft wants more than the theatrical holding hands in the company of other people. The idea that he had to decide what he liked more was unacceptable.
John raised an eyebrow but decided to leave the topic. He was thinking about more serious problem and knew that he had to start somehow.
When they decided to return to the hotel, they noticed people started to disappear from the streets. So this time they didn't use the gondola. It was a beautiful night, so it seemed a shame to waste it. John enjoyed every minute of the way alongside his husband and almost regretted when he realized they were almost at their hotel. John decided to stand and breathe fresh air. He closed his eyes and slightly tilted his head back, enjoying the peace and warmth of the night. He was so detached from reality he didn't even feel when Mycroft stood right in front of him. John opened his eyes when an older man gently grabbed his chin. He closed them immediately because Mycroft's soft lips placed a pure kiss on his mouth. The kiss didn't last long but was very meaningful.
"Oh, without a doubt." Sherlock leaned slightly toward Molly to look at the cat. "His owner gives him a lot of freedom and I let him wander around the city."
The doctor frowned in surprise. He replied only when the waitress put the ordered drinks and two additional cookies in front of them and left them alone with a smile and a small bow. "I always preferred tea."
John listened to Mycroft intently. In the world of goldfish, everything had its rules, and John remembered them. Their boat arrived at the port and moored near the large floodlit building. Both men went ashore.
Francesca made a small giggle and shook her head. Meanwhile, Molly approached them and stood next to Sherlock. She always was shy, that's why she surprised John when she came up to his friend and stood next to him very close. She almost brushed him with her body. But Sherlock's reaction was even stranger. It was true, he never made gestures that would offend women, he did not move away, he did not jerk, he only stood elegantly in place and left only when he had a reason. This time, however, he neither moved away from her at a more comfortable distance, but he also smiled at her in some unusual way. John felt a strange feeling in his stomach, so he looked away.
John watched once again as the geniuses looked at each other intensely. There was tension in the apartment, and he knew that if he didn't discuss the whole situation with them now, he wouldn't have a more appropriate moment later. Brotherly love does not cover up the resentment and reproach that had apparently poisoned the relationship between Sherlock and Mycroft for many years. He sighed, which strangely caught their attention.
They were slowly approaching Whitechapel district. He recognized it by what the surroundings looked like, but mostly by the smell. The stench of all kinds of secretions mingled with the horse dung that hadn't been removed from the street for days. Faded walls, cracked windows, narrow passages. All this was a showcase of the poorest district of London. Even the cobblestone on the street was different from that one in the main part of town. He could feel it because the hansom cab bounced and swayed in every possible direction. However, what struck him the most was the people. He saw hunger and poverty. He saw a mother holding her crying child in her arms, and an almost toothless prostitute, who even at this early hour was trying to seduce some drunk man. He saw a bootblack waiting for the client and children in ragged clothes that chased a cat with sticks in their hands. Every street they entered seemed narrower than the one before. Tall buildings limited light, and the crowd of curious people grew denser with each passing moment.
A long silence. He raised his eyebrows and hung up. Apparently his landlady had dialed his number by accident. He doubted she was in any danger when she was with Sherlock, but he decided to hurry up and come home sooner just in case. As he neared the cash register, his phone rang again.
Sherlock bit his lip and relaxed enough for the tip of John's penis to slide into him. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back.
"Not much". The carriage jumped on the uneven pavement, but he could see the detective's narrowing eyes.
"It's so strange!" Molly said and looked at John. "I don't know Sherlock's brother well and I had no idea, he ... prefers the other side. I mean, I don't mean... I do not judge him, but ... You and him? Somehow I can't imagine you two together ".
"I know what you thought about me," Stoner said. He put his elbows on the table and focused his eyes on John.
John listened in silence. The cheerful mood vanished within a second. Nobody dared to say a word and it became clear to John that despite hope, Sebastian had not changed in those ten years. He was imperious, implacable, and extremely dangerous. In the coming weeks, they will find out about his true nature and the extent to which he may be a threat to them. John was sure of it. In silence and without taking his eyes off the ground, he followed the rest of the group.
The genius flinched and got up from the chair when John did the same. He watched his friend come up to the table with a pile of envelopes.
"Did he do that?" John was surprised. He looked back and gave his friend a warm smile, which Sherlock immediately returned.
The offer made him flinch with excitement. If he had the opportunity to accompany Mr Holmes and learn more, not only about the victim and the murderer but also about him, he could not imagine what would have prompted him to refuse. He looked at Lestrade, who nodded in visible surprise.
5. Would you like to have a choice of your own ending or making decisions while reading a story (like in a game)?
John frowned, and Sherlock was able to read all the questions from his face. "What does it mean 'for the future'? What is this all about, Mycroft? Will you finally tell us why we're here?" John focused his attention on the older brother.
"Mycroft has some meetings today ... I will be bored all day. Maybe we could go to the city?" he offered. He crossed his arms in a defensive gesture and looked down. He didn't hear the answer what made him feel stupid and felt anger start to take control over him. What's that supposed to mean? Why did Sherlock act so strange again? If he wasn't angry or offended at him, maybe he was ashamed of his night with Molly?
She shrugged as if she didn't care. John had more than once assured her that his relationship with Sherlock was purely friendly, but she apparently did not believe him. She leaned her hips on the table and sighed. "If you say so ... I don't care, but I'm slowly beginning to feel sorry for him."
Judging by Mycroft's step and stiff attitude, John knew something disturbing must have happened that the older man wasn't prepared for. He walked unnaturally fast, he was not looking around. He was avoiding conversations with shopkeepers and souvenir traders who greeted them. It looked like he did not even pay attention to the hot temperature. Mycroft seemed to be completely lost in his thoughts and detached from reality. However, John knew that Mycroft could think about two things at once. He saw his clenched jaw and he was convinced he was angry at him because of his stubbornness. He felt like smiling, but he saw seriousness and anger on Mycroft's face, so he just walked in silence, holding back a bit and trying to keep up.
"No, no. I mean, why ... you know ... Why you did it with me? Answer me honestly. Just don't try to tell me it was because of alcohol."
Stoner looked at him closely and grinned, making John shiver. "I have my reasons. Anyway, I will say no more. There is no fun without secrets."
Her smirk and playful tone made John immediately decide to put her right. "Sherlock and I are just friends."
"It's dark ..." the genius said, trying to control his breath, "but the sun will start rising soon," he nodded towards the glow. "People will start talking," he added, looking into his eyes.
He didn't listen. He licked the tip of his penis, then began taking it in his mouth. He hadn't done this in a very long time, but after a few moments, he remembered how to breathe and lowered his head even more, relaxing his throat.
Mycroft raised a corner of his mouth. He set the empty glass next to the laptop on the desk. "She will definitely be happy." He walked slowly toward him. "John, tell me why you don't use the card I gave you on the first day?" he asked, and the doctor immediately looked at the gold card lying between the stack of papers on the table. "It was supposed to be for your needs, and you only used it once in two weeks."
So that was what it was all about. The atmosphere grew slightly tense, so he took a deep sip of the brandy. "Please forgive me, but what I do with my own life is only my concern. Just like ...", he paused, repeating the next word just as he heard it, "... the relationships I'm establishing".
"I'm afraid of his reaction. I can't bear the thought of disgusting him by agreeing with you and offering him this solution."
"Everything you said was correct. However, you made a mistake in the most important things," Mycroft's calm voice caught their attention. He set the glass down without hurry as if celebrating his brother's little mistake and enjoying his superiority, which he was about to prove in a moment. "The owner is a left-handed animal rights activist," he said indifferently. "She is a far-sighter and she prefers lenses instead of glasses. The barely visible spots on the fur of the cat that you thought are left behind by the children's paint, is actually hair dye. She has a fiancee, she likes cartoon characters, but she doesn't like Venice. She would prefer to move to a larger city. I think she prefers Paris, "he fell silent. He looked at the doctor as if to convince himself that he had made the same impression on him as his brother had just a few moments ago. Sherlock looked at him with narrowed eyes. John and Molly were silent with a slightly open mouth, and the cat constantly asked for attention, standing on two paws and cuddling his head in the girl's chin.
"My brother shunned interpersonal relationships unless he had no other choice or had some benefit out of it." Mycroft used a neutral voice, though he did not dare to look up, which destroyed the illusion of insensitivity and indifference in which John had long ceased to believe. "You are the first person who taught him the proper interaction and coexistence with others. From the very beginning, you have been a support for him, although it is a difficult and often ungrateful task. I am glad that he chose you," he said and finally looked John in the eye. "Because I suppose, you know how my brother feels for you and you have also realized that you have been thinking about him for a long time too," he said confidently.
The discussion about useful things continued. But John had a different problem. Sebastian sat opposite and looked at him with narrowed eyebrows. John tried at all costs not to show how much it cost him to avoid his gaze and what he was experiencing, still feeling the touch of his lips. He turned to his friend recklessly. Sherlock looked at Moran seriously, then looked at the doctor. His gaze immediately went to John's lips, and his eyes narrowed dangerously. Damn it. Sherlock knew. John was angry at Sebastian and the situation. He wanted to believe that Sherlock had no idea about his previous relationship with other men, and now he got proof that it was different. He was furious with Moran and he showed it to him, giving him a fierce look. Sebastian watched them in silence. He did not respond to other group members' questions. He jerked only when Lucy, who was passing by, accidentally hit him straight in the face with her long braid.
"I have to tell you what will happen at the end of the week. All influential people will have the occasion to meet at a gala dinner and we're both invited too... unfortunately," said Mycroft sipping black coffee from a miniature cup. John opened his one eye and looked at him without turning his head.
"Beautiful, isn't it? Perfect for taking notes from the crime scene." She was really happy with her choice. She looked carefully at the gray pen with the golden head, lying in a cream box.
Holmes sighed theatrically, not looking up from his notes. "I told you already, Mrs Hudson. I won't be having dinner tonight."
The biggest feeling that poured out of the room with the inscription 'John' was love. Love and what goes with it, devotion, passion, selflessness, care and all other feelings that Sherlock could describe in just one word. JOHN. He understood that he was able to love when John accepted him without hesitation and accepted him as he was. When he saved his life for the first time. He understood that he could be in love with him after a few months of living together. He understood that he loved him when he stood by him in every situation and believed when everyone turned away from him. When he was ready to die alone and later at his side in an empty pool. When he thought about him every second and when his absence turned out to be unbearable. He understood that he could give his life for his love when he stood on the edge of the building. When in the name of love he was able to devote himself not only to John but also to the woman with whom he was to spend the rest of his life. He understood that he could say these two words as he stood in front of John talking to him one last time at a cold airport. At that time he did not dare to do it. Now he was ready to confess it to his face, looking deep into his eyes and holding him in his arms. Everything has always been associated with John. All emotions increased when the situation in any way involved John. Sherlock knew why this was so and when he accepted this fact, he let himself be completely overwhelmed by the love he had for his best friend.
"I can feel the tip of the knife piercing the skin, fat, and muscle. I pull the blade to the side. The knife cuts through the lower abdomen ... stomach ... chest ... and breastbone ..." he fell silent, staring at the doctor but did not withdraw his finger. "I know I'm risking more and more with each passing moment, but I want to take something with me that will remind me of her. But what?" he asked softly, raising his eyebrows and giving him a greedy stare.
The detective gave him a small smile. "You said before, you have an appointment with Stamford. I have to go to the morgue. I miss some information."
"Speaking of which," John's tone became more serious. They were standing right in front of the apartment entrance, but John blocked the door and didn't let Mycroft open it. He stood in front of him with his arms crossed on his chest.
"That's not the point, Watson." Lestrade didn't catch the joke, but his excitement continued. "Our doctor, George Phillips, is the one who always handles the postmortem at the crime scene, but we can't contact him since this morning. I do not know where he is. I doubt he's on Hanbury Street, so maybe you ... ".
"Your phone, John, it rang like crazy. Someone tried to contact you," Mycroft said in a very calm tone that didn't suit him.
"King's College" he muttered, remembering the times when, as a student, he used to come here to use the library's resources.
As he lay on the couch with his trousers down and saw Mycroft's pale face, he felt a tightness in his stomach and cold sweat on his back. He'd watched too many movies, read too many romances, and knew what that meant. He supposed when they were having fun, Mycroft fell on his phone. He chose Sherlock's number by accident. Sherlock heard their moaning and the sound of a shuffling couch. This was the worst possible option. When he asked if his suppositions were true, Mycroft gave him a withering look, then denied it sharply. John wanted to take a sigh of relief and put his head on the man's chest, but he was gently but firmly pushed aside. Mycroft jumped up and went for the bathroom to get ready. He smoothed his hair, buttoned up his clothes and washed his face, muttering something about the irresponsibility and stupidity of Israeli diplomats. It was his only opportunity and John had no intention of wasting it. He had enough of sitting in one place and wondering what to do. He did not intend to succumb to Mycroft's resolve once again, so he quickly wiped sperm from his stomach, entered the bedroom, and took a clean shirt from the wardrobe. He looked at the toilet door from time to time and when he finally stood dressed in clean clothes, he sighed with relief. Of course, Mycroft's persuasion and threats did not help, because John was determined to spend the day - no matter how it would end - at his husband's side.
Mycroft jerked forward, and warm and sticky liquid spilled in John's hand. John did not control his reactions, he panted and moaned, and after a few moves, he also came on Mycroft's stomach. He fell on Mycroft's trembling body, not even able to open his eyes. After a few long moments, he felt the older man reach for something under his back. He opened his eyes and looked at his pale face. Mycroft was staring at the phone screen with big eyes.
"Well, then you have a problem, Mycroft ... But I won't change my mind anyway," he said, trying to hide his amusement.
"I wonder what would it feel..." he cut off, "...how would you look like without them," he corrected himself instantly.
John nodded. "Then, when he rests, please tell him to come for me. Then we will go to the city." He had to end the conversation because he saw Mycroft didn't look very good. At first glance, nothing seemed to be happening, but John could see the effort on his face as he tried to keep his position straight. Otherwise, he would sway. "Let's say in an hour or two." He pushed Mycroft's back lightly, directing him to the apartment. When they entered, the couch in the center of the living room buckled under the weight of a genius. "Don't move. I'll give you water." John passed him.
Lestrade leaned forward and whispered in his ear, "If your blood is not boiling by now, just wait for our famous detective," he said. "Phillips can't even compare to him ... But anyway, where is he?" he asked louder attracting the attention of other policemen who were wandering around the yard.
She stopped, looked at him. "I take your word for you," she said seriously, raising her eyebrows. She looked around the room, dusted off her hands, then went to the door. "Take care of our guest."
"For one simple reason, John ..." Sherlock said without taking his eyes off the microscope. "For Mycroft women are inferior beings. They don't contribute anything to society, except that they can bring problems to weak people who allow being guided by them. Besides, he has always had to be original for as long as I can remember. Imagine the faces of his friends if he introduced his husband in front of dozens of famous people, "he added with a smile, but his satisfaction disappeared just as he remembered that his brother was sitting right in front of him on the other side of the table. "And why are you still here ?! Yesterday, we explained everything to each other - he growled at Mycroft.
John sighed. "All the more. Why don't you send your agents? You probably have dozens of them. Only the best and most trusted people can do that. Send them."
It was disturbing. Strange and disturbing. However, everything suddenly went together. He remembered that he had once seen similar envelopes in Mycroft's room when he broke into MI6's headquarters to take something he needed then. Even stranger thing was that the letter was addressed to both of them. The man who delivered it certainly acted on behalf of his brother. It must have been something important and secret. But why? Why now? What was so important that he interrupted his life with John? What made him have to intervene between them right now? But what if it wasn't Mycroft's initiative? What if he was just someone's pawn and had to comply with orders from his superiors? Whatever it was, Sherlock didn't want to open the envelope. He would like to tear it apart or hide it somewhere between newspapers. He wanted to spend the next few days showing John how much he meant to him and how he felt about him. A letter from Mycroft would probably mix up his plans and life. He was going to throw the letter away, but John couldn't wait to read what it was all about, so he took it from his hand and opened the envelope. When Sherlock saw his frown and then his widened eyes, he knew that it was not good and that he would have to delay his plans. At least for a while.
Sherlock knew he did the right thing, taking his coat with him. The end of summer spoiled Londoners. It was warm, cloudless and even unnaturally stuffy. However, the weather in this part of Europe was capricious and moody like a bride an hour before her wedding. In the afternoon the sky began to cloud and the wind got stronger. It seemed to be gaining strength with every minute. In just two quarters, the summer - autumn warmth changed with typical British weather. Sherlock felt that this could happen this morning, so now he was proudly wrapped in a coat and put on gloves. It wasn't that cold that he had to protect his fingers from the cold wind, but he had this kind of habit when he was outside between people. He was walking along the main street, ignoring the rare but curious glances of some of the people passing by. Ever since he became popular, thanks to John, he occasionally met with fans who could follow him everywhere. He was glad that at least now he had some peace. It was because the wind was rising more and more. The sky blackened with clouds and people were looking for shelter because it could start raining at any moment.
"I was instructed not to initiate anyone," Mycroft lowered his voice. He gave his brother a cold and warning look.
John was silent for a moment, analyzing his friend's words. He knew they concerned him and Mycroft, and he felt judged and hurt. He didn't want to be seen as a naive romantic in Sherlock's eyes. Everything Sherlock said made sense and John felt bad with it.
What did it mean? He felt his eyebrows merging on his forehead in confusion. He had known Lestrade for many, many years. They were friends who cared but could live without each other, but apparently, his new friend had read too much into their relationship. He felt relieved. He was glad that Holmes was not infallible after all, and that he too was making mistakes in his observation. It was comforting to know that he was dealing with an above-average intelligent man - but still only a human being.
"Usually you are the one who notices all the details and you never need my help," she made no attempt to hide her bitter tone and hostility mixed with slight resentment.
Mycroft turned his head and though he tried to hide it, John noticed satisfaction on his face caused by his response.
"Come, John" his voice was completely different from how he talked to him before they came here. John could have sworn he heard a note of amusement in his tone. He felt a little different than usual at Mycroft's presence and for incomprehensible reasons, he wanted to be alone with him. He said goodbye to Francesca and went back with his husband. It wasn't until he went outside that he noticed it was late evening. Life has returned to balance. Tourists ate suppers in nearby restaurants, gondolas crossed the main channel. Street musicians were playing in the distance, and the smell of warm summer was all around in the air. Everything felt intensified to him. But there was one thing John felt the most. Mycroft's stare. He felt his stare almost all the time. Even when he turned to see if his suspicions were correct, the older man didn't look away. He watched John with shining eyes, and a moment later grabbed his hand.
A few moments passed and Sherlock and John stood in the main corridor. He closed the door and put the key in his pocket. They came down the stairs, past the hotel staff hanging around. John was surprised when he saw they were working in the middle of the night but he did not make any comment. They went outside and felt a pleasant wind and a breeze. John was tired and although he could feel alcohol in his blood, he knew a walk with Sherlock would be good for him.
He returned to the previous position. He aimed the Glock at the shield, focused his eyes on the target, and pulled the trigger again and again. He heard shots of his weapon, as well as irregular bangs from the weapon held by Josh, who stood two stands away and tried to hit the shield at least once. Josh wasn't the type of aggressor. He was a womanizer, and yet his talents made such an impression on special agents that it was decided to include him into the group. John had to admit that he liked him. He had a talent for winning people over. He liked to play the guitar, compose dirty songs, and was lazy to do everything that was not about romances, but when there were no women nearby, Josh was an interesting companion of conversation. One of his biggest vices was to ignore advice and do everything his own way, for which others have often blamed him. Mostly Lucy, who wasn't at all interested in his flirt attempts. She reacted in her typical way. Josh didn't seem worried, offended, or even discouraged by her words. He had many qualities that John valued, but he had to admit one thing - Josh was a terrible shooter. From the beginning, everyone realized that if - and actually when - there would be a fight and shootings, they would have to protect Josh, not count on his help.
John knew someone had approached the bench where he was sitting before he heard the man's voice. The smell that trailed behind the stranger was too heavy with alcohol to make him have any doubts as to who he was going to talk to in a moment. He looked up, and despite the very early hour, he saw a short man with a leaky flat cap in his rough hands.
"Sorry ... But seriously ... I thought, since this is the last day of work, you will have some important meeting and you will not come back until the evening," John replied.
He stared at the detective in disbelief and couldn't say a word. He got up and followed him to the living room.
John looked at her, leaned slightly and brushed her cheek with his lips. He adored this woman and was sad at the thought that maybe these were the last moments he spent with her. He didn't think Mycroft would ever ask him for a similar favor again because he had done his job. He showed up as his husband, won the trust of many people and helped the older man get out of the situation unscathed. His task ended there. But if he had the opportunity, would he agree to it again? This question came to John's mind so suddenly that he barely caught Francesca's next words.
For some reason, John knew that the conversation wasn't just about collar or ownership. He nervously turned the ring he still had on his finger. "Alright, that's enough" he interrupted their discussion. "What else do you know about this woman, Sherlock?"
As he thought, the detective didn't care about the mess. The investigations were most important to him. Even now, he was so occupied with his work that he didn't notice his presence. He could feel a smile penetrating his lips. He knocked very softly, lightly touching the wooden frame with his knuckles.
Meanwhile, he stared uncertainly at his friend's face, because he was starting to feel simply confused by the situation.
"Can you stop talking about me as if I were a thing and someone's property?" John cut in. He wasn't angry. He was used to the fact that he was the reason for the quarrels of both brothers. He quietly walked around the sofa and joined Sherlock. It took him a moment to notice or rather fell Mycroft's intense gaze. He looked up and it turned out he was right. Genius kept his eyes on him. It was not a reprimand or a dominant look. John noticed a flash of concern and kindness in Mycroft's eyes that didn't suit him to the point that John immediately looked away. He blinked and focused on the pile of documents lying on the table.
"Sherlock, I need to rest," he said when he saw a very pleasant and secluded spot on the bridge over the canal. He felt his legs were heavy and he wanted to soak them in cool water. He wanted to take off the shoes he was wearing all day. He looked at his friend. Sherlock followed him without a word. When they were both on the wooden footbridge, John took off his shoes. He set them aside and sat down, hanging his feet from the platform. He sighed in relief and closed his eyes.
For the first time since arrival, John saw real anger and seriousness in Aaron's eyes. He looked at John with a clenched jaw and turned to join the others in the main hall. Mycroft followed him with his eyes and then turned to John.
However, it was still difficult for him to accept how one day could change his life and push it in a different direction. Only yesterday it was hard for him to get out of bed. Meanwhile, this morning turned out to be astonishing. He was involved in the biggest investigation in years, and he was also helping this unusual man, who stopped the monotony of his life and was the reason for his excitement he hadn't felt in a very long time. He felt the danger, the agitation, and the thrill. An explosive mixture that made him feel alive. And it was all thanks to Holmes. To the detective, who was sitting nonchalantly on the seat of the rocking carriage and watched him with a barely visible smirk on his lips.
"Sherlock Holmes," genius introduced himself before John could answer. He shook hands with Aaron. Stoner smiled and held Sherlock's hand longer than it was necessary. They were looking at each other.
"This must be very confusing for you right now," said the man, taking two tall glasses and a small bottle from his bag. "All this Mystery. Stress. Insecurity..." he continued, opening the bottle.
"Ha! I did it!" Josh jumped with excitement. "Have you seen it, John? I've hit the target! I'm ready now."
A second later they were left alone. Two men, in a small cafe, at a modest table, and with a strange proposal. John still couldn't completely believe in this absurd situation, but he decided to listen to his friend's brother out of curiosity.
He looked at him and thought briefly. "Honestly, I don't remember. I have the impression that we met in past lives."
"Laudanum?", he asked with surprise. He couldn't remember its taste in the brandy he was drinking in the carriage. "Why did he give me soporific medicines and bring me here?"
The ticking of the clock assured him of the passing time. Otherwise, he would have felt as if he was suspended somewhere in nothingness, without hope and without faith that it could have been better. The emotions slowly faded away. He was beginning to feel tired and depressed. It was difficult for him to focus on what was happening around him. This time he was unable to react when Mycroft made a move. The genius stood nearby without a word. They had nothing more to say to each other. At least for the moment. John moved away from the door when the delicate fabric and buttons of Mycroft's vest appeared before his eyes. Regret and anger made him unable to raise his head to meet his eyes. He wanted to disappear and forget what had happened that morning. As Mycroft leaned in to grab the doorknob, John felt his warm breath and the gentle scent of his cologne. He had to gather all self-control to not grab his tie and pull him down for a kiss, or stand on tiptoe and grab his lips between his. What had brought them together in Venice had ended moments earlier.
"Exactly," the genius finally said. "And I don't know where the idea was that I listened to the sounds. I was deep in my thoughts, which I do quite often" he looked at them meaningful "and I don't need a dose of energy in the form of sleep or coffee to do it." He closed his eyes and sighed. "Besides, I prefer tea. John too. Recently."
At one point, Mycroft's phone rang, breaking their kiss. They froze in place and after a while, they broke apart without looking into each other's eyes. Mycroft cleared his throat and grabbed his cell phone.
Sherlock heard the muffled voice of the landlady. She stood behind the door and overheard them. He clenched his teeth and rubbed his hair. He understood that evening they would go to sleep still as friends, and had to wait for his moment of sincerity with John. It was the end of their romantic evening, so he focused his attention on the black envelope.
He didn't have to turn his head to know, his friend was waiting right next to him, with his hands behind his back. Sherlock often stood in this position when he seemed to be competing with his brother. Time, situation or place did not matter. Every moment spent with Mycroft was a competition. At least John thought Sherlock treated his time with Mycroft that way.
John was silent, but he immediately had to lower his eyes and tighten his lips so as not to laugh loudly. He cringed slightly in his arms and stared at pale Josh, who was listening to Arian's curses. Josh had probably never heard so many offensive words in such a short time before, because he was standing without a word, eyes wide open. Lucy shook her head harder and closed her ears. Sherlock and Sebastian watched the scene silently, and John tried to reconcile compassion with amusement. He was too preoccupied and did not notice when Moran finished his cigarette, threw it down the slope, and walked to the rock where Arian continued his angry monologue.
"It is nothing important, John. Go back to bed. I promise I will finish this document and go to sleep too..."
"You didn't expect that, did you?" Sebastian walked behind him. He sat next to him with a wry face. He grabbed the stick and began to peel it off with a sharp knife, which he pulled from the shoe.
"Last days were very ... nervous and I thought we should take a break from each other," Mycroft said, looking at his feet. He glanced at the canal from time to time and narrowed his eyes. "To tell you the truth, I wasn't going to inform you about the party because I know you don't like these meetings ..." he said, still not looking at John, though he felt his eyes on him.
"Did you know the penis has no bones and can still be easily broken?" he asked. "It's enough to grab it like that" with these words he twisted his hand slightly, "and bend it like a baguette. This can result in constant impotence and even death in some cases." John's fingers tightened. He could feel the pulsing under his fingers. Usually, it was enough for him to see the terrified eyes of his victim, but this time he really wanted to do more than just scare him. It took him a moment when the attack of anger passed and when he felt Sherlock's breath next to him, he released Stoner.
Sherlock gave him a quick look too, then took a deep breath with the cigarette and let the smoke out into the sky very slowly, closing his eyes. "Not Mycroft. He's cold as a fish."
"Your premonitions are correct as usual," Sherlock gave him a warm smile. They walked on, did not stop or look back.
"Will you tell me at least, what happened between you and Sherlock? Why is your brother acting so strange?".
John frowned. The official tone of conversation surprised him and amused him a bit. He realized, however, that it was caused by Mycroft's indisposition, and he also knew that Molly was scared of Sherlock's brother. He smiled slightly at the strange sound of the genius's voice. "Are you okay, Molly? Why do you walk around the hotel alone?"
"Jesus Christ!" he jumped in surprise, dropping the knife from his hand. Holmes stood behind him, and he could still hear the detective's voice in his right ear. He was shocked at how quickly and silently he was able to move.
"You must be out of your mind, if you think, I will agree to your offer. Please, just leave us alone "John did not even hide that Aaron's presence irritated him. He looked at him but a second later he saw Mycroft coming onto the terrace and walking in their direction.
To say, Sherlock was not happy with his conversation with Stoner was like saying nothing. He carefully analyzed the man's words. He looked annoyed and upset. "Mycroft realizes Mr. Stoner knows about your deal. They both can pretend everything is fine, but my brother is in a problematic situation and I don't envy him. He will have to make very important decisions soon. Stoner is a more dangerous opponent than he thought. Mycroft might have a problem".
The thought that his friend might have 'trained' before, hit John like lightning. His eyes widened, and a small smile appeared on his lips, though he tried to control it. It was all the more difficult for him when Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away. "Since when?" he asked, opening the bottle.
Time would pass extremely pleasantly, if not for the strange feeling that had overtaken John sometime after leaving the hotel. He struggled with it until he could not bear it and shared his feelings with his friend.
"I don't like you," John added immediately. As if he wanted to be sure that the man would understand his words. He looked up and took a sip of water. Stoner looked somewhat surprised but amused by John's sincere reply. He blinked quickly and wondered what to say. John sensed his chance.
"A flintlock pistol was found near the woman's hand," Sherlock's voice echoed quietly in the room. "There was no trace of the other pistol". He looked up at concerned Molly and intrigued John. "Any ideas?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.
He noticed Holmes sucked in a breath but forced himself to remain silent, pressing his lips tightly together.
A sudden wave interrupted John's lecture. He sighed heavily and gripped the railing of the boat. They sailed through the dark canals of Venice. Although both men were in a small closed cabin, a refreshing wind came through the open windows. John's hair waved with the boat's movements, and Mycroft couldn't help but watch his hair very closely.
One of them was huge. He could barely fit into the door, and Holmes wondered how often he used to step sideways into the room with his head bowed. The tight material of the blazer on his shoulders left no illusions about his favorite way of spending free time. The other man - the more pleasing to the eye - had hair unlike the first and wore dark glasses. He stood staring straight ahead, like in movies he was obviously a fan of. Mycroft immediately realized which of them was the more intelligent one. He turned to the musclehead and gave him his phone. It wasn't the first time he was in this kind of situation and he knew the procedures. But for the first time, it concerned him. Usually, he was the interrogating and threatening party. He wasn't feeling well on the other side.
Before he could share his first thoughts, a burly man appeared in the doorway, catching his attention. He was over six feet tall, with a grey beard and glasses on his nose. He had a thick notebook under his arm. His expression showed absolute composure and indifference.
They stared at each other in silence. John didn't even try to convince the other man to take some rest. He knew he shouldn't interfere. It took him a moment but he looked away with a soft sigh and closed the bedroom door.
Walking toward the store, Sherlock turned to John with a slight smile. "Where's your husband?" he asked teasingly.
"This is just a little show, John. You will be my husband only in the presence of these people, nothing else," he said as if reading his thoughts.
Besides, Sherlock was his friend. Sherlock Holmes. A man with a very strong personality who expresses his thoughts directly, regardless of whether he will hurt someone else. A man who doesn't easily make friends. John was worried because this kind of situation could affect him with double strength. John knew that. He was one of the few people Sherlock trusted completely. He was someone Sherlock considered totally devoted to him. And he really was. Gaining brotherly love and devotion to a person like a younger genius was a difficult task, so John felt overwhelmed by the thought that he could destroy what they were building all these years in just a few days. If it turned out he had lost Sherlock's trust, that he had betrayed him in any way, he knew how difficult it would be for him to get back to life, which they had less than two weeks earlier.
"I can't find my toothbrush and ..." before she said the last word, Sherlock closed his laptop and, went to the bathroom, ignoring John. His steps and movements were not quick or angry, but John sensed a kind of desperation in his actions ... or joy maybe? It was like he couldn't wait to be alone with Molly or get rid of John. Sherlock passed Molly, giving her an obvious and honest smile, then disappeared behind the door. The girl was very surprised by his behavior. She blushed, looked at John, and also hid in the bathroom when Sherlock's hand pulled the door handle, closing the door. John didn't understand what was actually going on. He felt like Sherlock was pretending to be someone else. Or maybe something really happened and he went crazy? At first, he followed him like a dog, demanded attention and tenderness, only to start doing the same thing for Molly a few hours later. Did he do some sociological experiment? Or was it one of his plans to see what would happen when he changed his attitude? Whatever it was supposed to be, John couldn't get rid of the feeling of stinging in his heart. How did he end up as a guinea pig? How could his friend do this to him? And why the hell did he choose him as his target? Was he such an insensitive asshole after all, and he did not care about the feelings of his best friend and he used a woman who had been crazy about him for years?
John carefully took every step. He was holding Molly's left hand. She was right behind him. "Do you know where Mycroft is?" he asked Sherlock.
He was standing in front of the hotel. He could choose how to get to Mycroft. He could get to the gondola or walk through the narrow streets. As he considered the choice, he felt someone's breath in his ear.
"I know this place. I read about it," Molly said softly. "It's one of the narrowest streets in the world. It's called ..." She was silent for a moment, trying to remember the name.
The detective smirked, then took a step toward him. "I'm fighting the urge to kiss you in this morgue."
"My people have paid for this information with their lives." His answer indicated that he was angry and irritated by Sherlock's accusation that he was training his agents badly and didn't have the sense to determine which one was suitable for work in MI6.
When he started working for the government more than twenty-five years earlier, he knew that he would be someone important in the future. He has always had a lot of ambition and intelligence. Intelligence that surpasses the minds of the most intelligent people, commanders, and specialists. He believed in his skills and he was convinced of his superiority. He had confirmation it was true when he spent time with the 'elite', i.e. people convinced of their unquestionable power, position and privileges, and who could be outsmarted and deceived with one well-pronounced sentence. Yes. He knew he was special. He wanted to occupy the most important positions and strengthen his power. But he was not greedy of attention. He knew that real influence and real power was when most people did not know about it. Therefore, he often remained in the shadows, allowing others to take credit for his work. Thanks to this, he could rule not only people who received prizes but also people who gave these prizes to others. He pretended to be someone's subordinate. Even his offices looked ordinary, unlike the offices of people who were in similar positions to him. He bowed and carried out orders from people to whom he gave these orders. Everything to keep up appearances. In this way, year after year he received more important positions until there was no one above him. Then he also took over the position outside the country. He was doing very well. He easily combined work for the homeland and other countries with caring for his younger brother. His life would be perfect if it wasn't for monitoring Sherlock's actions and the problems associated with the golden thing on his finger. A trivial problem that has been growing regularly every year.
"You surely remember this bothersome incident that happened twenty-six months ago," he said and looked into Mycroft's eyes. "Near the Gulf of Mexico."
Their presence attracted people's attention. John and Mycroft became the object of interest to everyone around. They slowly entered the crowd, still holding hands. John did not feel stupid as at the first banquet, the fact he kept close to Mycroft encouraged him. He was becoming more and more confident with each passing moment. He didn't see the sinister glances, he didn't hear the appalling whispers that he feared the most. But once in a while someone patted him on the shoulder or tried to engage him in a short conversation. John didn't know if it was due to complete acceptance or the presence of someone as influential as Mycroft Holmes. Wherever he looked, he saw smiles, but after a while, their presence ceased to cause such a great stir. The guests returned to their conversations, and John finally breathed a sigh of relief. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Francesca, who was approaching him, so he released Mycroft's hand and walked toward her. Mycroft mingled into the crowd and after a while, he was surrounded by other influential people.
"John..." this time Mycroft's tone was a warning. His eyes said 'you must be kidding me'. But before he could react, his husband put down his glass and started walking towards Francesca with a determined look.
"Romantic for sure," he finally said with a warm smile. They walked on in silence for some time, when at one point Sherlock stood still and looked at John intensely
Mycroft felt a pleasant chill calming his moist body. He stared at his reflection. He knew he couldn't compare to Sherlock. Their appearance was completely different, like most things. They were siblings, yet he sometimes felt like someone completely strange to Sherlock. His brother could win over friends and colleagues, but he never took them seriously. He could be nice and charming when he had a reason for it. But there were a few people, he cared about and had feelings for them. He didn't care about the rest of the people. This behavior was their only common feature. Mycroft knew that he could not - or rather did not want - see something more in people and he treated everyone with a distance. Who could not intellectually match him was not worth his attention. He wasn't like his brother because he didn't see positive qualities in other people, that's why he was alone.
John knew many types of fear and anxiety. He was afraid of losing his friends, he was afraid of loneliness and the situation when someone would play with his feelings again and betray his trust. He was afraid of the monotonous sound of the cardio monitor. He dreamed of it sometimes and reminded of all his dead friends. He was frightened by every whistle, like the sound of a bullet passing by, and the quiet voices of dying friends who were whispering their last words into his ear. Like Sherlock, when he said goodbye to him on the phone just before the jump. He hated these kinds of conversations. He could survive any other conversation, anything but the farewell one. He also had a few harmless phobias or ordinary fears that did not bother him daily and even doubted that Sherlock was aware of them. However, at that moment - when he was standing in the middle of the living room of Sherlock and Molly - he felt fear, he did not know it could exist.
"You are angry with him now. I understand that. But maybe you will let your noble character act and you will help him save his face in this situation? You see, the photo I have can harm not only you" at this moment he reached into his blazer pocket and pulled out his phone. He grabbed it with two fingers and waved it gently.
"Tonight. Dinner at my apartment. I would like to erase this embarrassing impression I left after last night. To be honest, I don't remember much ..."
Mycroft was not surprised to see the doctor. Not only because he followed his every step. He guessed that sooner or later John would come to him, so he decided to wait. He also didn't want to bother him and Sherlock on Baker Street. He breathed a sigh of relief when he got the message in the morning that John was getting ready to pay him a visit. He looked at the doctor, keeping his face straight. "Good morning, Doctor Watson," he grimaced because even for him his own tone seemed too formal and unnaturally stiff. He moved deeper into the room, avoiding the surprised eyes of the doctor. "You probably came to talk to me and take ..." he passed John, walked around the desk and bent to remove something from the top drawer "... these documents". He looked up and held out a folder toward John. He was surprised because the doctor did not stand before him.
The fireplace was decorated with high shelves on both sides. When he had been lying on the sofa on the other side of the room, he had not noticed the rows of books with dusty shelves sagging under their weight. The perfect capstone of the detective's character was a sharp knife stuck in the pile of open letters on the mantelpiece. Next to the leather armchair stood a low table with a crystal decanter and a glass half-filled with a golden liquor. Everything looked normal. Only Holmes' personal belongings were missing. Items he used daily. Looking around, he noticed an oak cabinet with drawers in a dark corner next to the window. He came closer and ran a finger along the varnished tabletop. It was too alluring to learn Holmes's secrets without him knowing. But on the other hand, he shouldn't be inquisitive. He bit his lower lip and looked back.
John was grateful he said it that way. Usually, Mycroft would also add something about class differences or stress caused by the surroundings of so many people in such high positions. This time he even spared the mention that he would like to avoid this meeting too and would like to lock himself in the room and give up the party, justifying himself with a cheap lie. Mycroft acted like a gentleman, which made John want to pat him on the shoulder and tease him a little bit. He did not do it and remained silent.
Mycroft put on a new shirt and vest. He tried to choose completely new things so that his brother could not find a reason for greater anger. He didn't want the first thing he noticed was John's scent or his hair on his clothes. John was not supposed to be in the discussion, and nothing should make Sherlock even more furious. He stood in front of the bathroom mirror and shaved very thoroughly. This was the last thing he had to do before this difficult task of talking to his brother, so he was in no hurry. He ran the razor several times in the same place to delay the meeting. From time to time, he wiped the droplets rushing down his neck with a white towel. He was focused on the upcoming conversation that's why he did not hear John, who stood in the open door and watched his movements for a moment.
I copy your movement if that's how it's going to work. This is what my feelings have been reduced to. Stroking your hand. I feel sick.
Mary said something about Ricoletti's case being still unsolved when John finally could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, unfocused almost unseeing. John frowned, staring back.
! I can't hear my heart, I can't feel my pulse," he touched his wrists as if to show his brother that he is dead. "We need to find it, John had to hide it here somewhere. We are both geniuses, it shouldn't take us long. What are you looking at? Start looking!"
smiling at him, grabbing him by the nape of the neck, pulling closer. A little closer. The warmth of his fingers causing blood to sing in his ears, filling his chest with ecstasy similar to the one he’s about to experience. Closer and closer and…
You say my name and I can't resist. I look at you and just like that I am not able to look away. Your lips are curved into a little smile that does not reach your eyes. You want to say something that makes me smile, that's a good strategy. Good. Make me smile, Sherlock. Please, because I am confident that when the plane takes off I will never smile again.
He would put the spoon into the drawer, previously thoroughly drying it with the green towel laying by the sink.
But you felt something for her, she intrigued you, kept your brain engaged. You knew she was trouble.
So one and a half year of friendship, two years of mourning, one happy return, one annulled marriage and one unborn later they were finally where they should have been all those years ago. But it's ok because they got there eventually. A little broken but still in love.
” Moriarty dug his fingers painfully into the flesh of his thighs, getting his face closer to the elbow pit.
I want to tell you that you are my mind palace, you would understand that analogy but Mary and Mycroft are behind us.
“Oh, so sentimental, look at you” he could almost hear Mycroft’s mocking voice inside his head. Right, Mycroft...
Blood left the heart through the pulmonic valve into the pulmonary artery and flew to the lungs. There you go, good, breathe.
” praised Jim but began to look anxiously at the direction from where older Holmes’s voice was coming.”
was the issue. I... miscalculated when I asked him to invite me to Appledore," your long fingers put in pyramid shape under your chin. I am irritated, you don't get my point. Which means I am conflicted with myself. "You know me, I like to win, outsmart people, keep my brain occupied, I would never let this case go. Even before you found me undercover I already was working the Magnussen's case out. I was obsessed. All of it would end in his house one way or another."
Moriarty got up abruptly from his chair across Sherlock and fell on his knees before him, clinging on his dress trousers tightly.
wedding. I said it at your wedding, to all those people! And they were laughing and crying! Can you imagine?"
The Earth stopped pivoting on its axis around the Sun (or Sun around the Earth?), the Moon somewhere in all this cosmic mess. Still floating he looked up to see two Black holes with blue irises around them, asking him to go with them, to follow their leads. Sherlock agreed, feeling their orbits getting closer to pull him inside.
Some eerie feeling enveloped him in its embrace, urging him to swallow saliva with difficulty, caused by the too-dry throat. This strange mix of emotions additionally tightened his pharynx and all he could do was to hem and clench his free hand in a fist. Unclench. Clench. Unclench…
, there is none. John took it. Shit, maybe he put it somewhere here before he left? He always puts everything on the view, it should be here somewhere...
John turned on his heel and faced Mycroft, trying to focus on his words, not the fact that the “dead-in-six-months-in-Eastern-Europe” fiasco was actually over and Mycroft was the one to send Sherlock there in the first place.
John Watson was sitting on the chair opposite the bed, still in his white shirt and black slacks, but without his bright tie and red suspenders. He looked utterly knackered with an empty glass in hand but surely there was once whisky in there. He played with it, as Sherlock reached for the glass of water (no pain killers, punishment) and finally leaned on his headboard. The tension was instantly killing him because John wasn't saying a word just looking with his stormy blue eyes and Sherlock (probably for the first time in his life) didn't know which question ask first. Also, the fact that John looked incredibly sexy sitting like that did not make it easy for him to formulate full sentences.
John could feel all emotions weigh him down at once- the denial and disbelief mixed together, clouding John’s judgment. Moriarty was dead, as dead as it gets! He was lacking half of his head, for God’s sake!
"Sherlock, I've been such an idiot..." good, continue, it's nothing he didn't know before "and after your return, I was trying to prove myself something, maybe trying to punish..." Jesus, it sounds even more pathetic out loud "we never talked about the Fall and I just couldn't..." oh my God, will you
be here! Sherlock frantically started opening all the drawers, one by one ignoring (not acknowledging?) the fact that all of those were empty. No clothes, no books or magazines.
Only now he saw how broken Sherlock was, how much he was repressing his feelings daily, hiding them.
Suddenly the anticipation turned into anxiety and John was seven again, about to walk into the lake for the first time on his own, without his yellow armbands on.
But now he flowed with it, making a step towards a runway. He clenched and unclenched his fists a few times trying not to run in the direction of a speeding aeroplane.
"And the truth almost killed you," I point out as your smile grows bigger. You turn on your right side.
Then out of nowhere, I feel your lips pressed to mine. They are warm and soft, a little wet. My hands sink in your hair, pulling dark curls to reduce the distance between us. I don't allow myself to think about kissing you too often because I am afraid that if I do, my brain will start to hope for it to happen. And it won't.
“Mycroft,” he snarled using the most assertive tone he could come up with, “what is happening, what does it mean? Is he…”
Sherlock put everything on the kitchen table and sat on the chair, trying to control his twitching leg. He tore apart the package containing syringe with his teeth, then spilled half the content of a small plastic bag onto the spoon and…
Suddenly I am mad at him. Is this the best he can do? Sentence you to death in the middle of nowhere, without anyone caring about you by your side?
I am scared, Sherlock. I need you here, with me. I will divorce, I will move back to Baker Street. I will do anything. I am desperate.
He was running out of time, he had to make a decision. Now. Going upstairs meant no drugs, walking out into the street wasn’t even an option. But he needed it, he needed silence, he needed to forget about everything that was happening for the past few months and Mycroft didn’t understand any of those needs.
"I love you too," whispered John probably answering Sherlock's words, spoken while he was high but no less truthful.
He took off his coat in one swift motion along with his tail-coat, hanging it on the stair railing and in record time he was by the door of Mrs Hudson’s flat using the spare key from under the doormat.
You in captivity? I can't imagine it, no... you are made to be free, shoot at the wall, play the violin in the middle of the night, beat up corpses before the breakfast. It would kill you.
Well, that is not bad, not that bad at all. And just like that hope flickers in my chest ready to flood my whole body and mind. I even smile, you smile back.
"You got high on coke, Sherlock! After how many years of being sober? How many years did you throw out the window?!"
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft’s face dropped and he retreated to sit down and lean on his umbrella like he always did.
didn’t care. At this point, his brain decided to only fasten the seatbelts and prepare for the ride he hasn’t been on for a while now.
Your plane takes off. That's it. After all those years this is it. I feel something trembling inside me but my hands are still. It's my soul, someone tore it apart, left the rest of it to rot inside me.
When the ventricle became full, the tricuspid valve shut closed to prevent blood from flowing backwards into the atrium, no hesitation anymore. You have to do this, you need to pump the blood again you need to make it flow, you need to breathe, Sherlock. Breathe.
I sit in my armchair, opposite of you. You think, your hands under your chin. I am used to the fact that you might look at me while thinking. I don't mind.
The hand was on his thigh now, John's body sixty centimetres closer. He could smell him- citrus, cedar and pine tree. His sheets were going to smell like him for a little while. Good.
I want to tell you that I will miss you but Mary and Mycroft are behind us, listening to every word, despite the howling wind around.
Their lips finally met pressing against each other, slowly tasting and teasing like it's been the very first time or the hundredth, moving and rubbing and holding desperately.
On the worst day of his life, he fell into it from the Barts Hospital’s roof and the thing with water is that it acts as a block of concrete when you fall into it from high above, so John fell and shattered into pieces.
I can apologize- no, I have nothing to apologize for. Maybe for the punches, I gave you when you came back? I never said sorry for them... but it doesn't matter, not now at least.
I want to tell you how much you mean to me and how tired I am of denying the feelings I have towards you but Mary and Mycroft are behind us.
All John could do was to nod, because he would do it anyway if Sherlock liked it or not, if Mycroft asked him or not.
"And then what?" I want to hear you saying that you will come back to me but as soon as the question leaves my mouth your face drops and I feel like looking at the mirror. You are not going to make it, are you? Jesus Christ. "Who knows?"
You left me in pieces there, Sherlock- in the middle of the street, in front of St.Bart's Hospital. Your body hit the ground and I shattered like a mirror dropped by a clumsy crew of movers.
He wanted to take more, Mycroft didn't want him to, so they will have a game of cat and mouse for next month or so before Sherlock either decides he's had enough or just stops fighting it and sinks to the bottom. He will sink every night a little bit more until some miracle happens and he stops. Maybe it's going to be a case, very consuming case or Lestrade will refuse to work with him until he gets clean (again). And everything will be back to normal. Without John. But normal.
The sound of multiple steps on the stairs leading to the plane pulled John out of his comforting cocoon, forcing him to clench his hands into fists on the material of the detective's jacket for the last time and let go. How much effort it took him to separate himself from his friend, only John knew.
"Ah, you know, they have children, can't escape the slang," John winked at him, leaning against the door jamb.
Sherlock yelped and suddenly stopped looking with wide eyes around him. He started visibly relaxing all his muscles, turning from taut violin’s string into the numb flesh, which used to be a living person.
Is this because she took care of me when you were gone? She took care of a dog you left while going on vacation, that's something you can be grateful for. That was it. All this time, it was you being grateful to Mary. Grateful for keeping me alive? No, I wasn't alive. I was just existing. Of all people, you should know the difference.
“Sherlock!” the sound of umbrella hitting the floor resonated all over Baker Street like a bomb that exploded 1,900 feet above Japan in 1945. But it didn’t startle Sherlock, he just lounged in his chair calmly, pulling out the needle. Much better.
Six months from now I will get drunk, thinking about you dying somewhere in Belarus or Ukraine. Maybe after a year, I'm going to think about you only between my shifts at the clinic on my way home. Then only at night when everything is quiet around me. Your face will slowly fade from my memory, your deep voice disappearing, evaporating because I can't make myself to imagine you talking to me, caressing my face.
pool, where Moriarty turned John into a Christmas tree with explosives all over his torso. His voice, so calm, so smooth it almost made him puke, drilling through his ear making his whole temporal lobe vibrate with disgust.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” but the second those words left his mouth he knew the answer already, by the light frown forming between Sherlock’s eyebrows.
"You know, actually, I can't think about a single thing to say," I don't look at you anymore and so do you. We escape with our eyes somewhere over the area of the airport. This is so bad and awkward I just wait for the ground to swallow me whole. I should look at you, remember every curve of your face and every thread of your clothing, its colours. I should make you talk, just to hear your voice.
“You overdosed, you should be at the hospital,” said Mary, worriedly leaning towards Sherlock from her seat.
He knew he was being chaotic, he knew he wasn’t doing it right, step by step but he didn’t have time, not now, not with Mycroft upstairs. It used to calm him down, the preparation of his seven per cent solution always felt like some rite, with slow, deliberate movements, treating the white powder with reverence.
He was married to Mary, Sherlock to his work. They weren’t living together anymore, Sherlock less and less often told him about the cases. He was a lone ranger once again and it shouldn’t be a surprise to John, that he quickly moved on without…
Any form of a lie wasn’t an option, skipping the subject either, hiding a coke- nope. All he could do was climb up the stairs and face his brother, with a needle and 2 grams of cocaine in his pocket. He would rather have the drug in his system already, feel how his heart rate increases, how the temperature of his body rises, experiencing the beginning of cognitive euphoria. Numbness overwhelming him, yes, cocaine combined with nicotine and he could feel his blood vessels narrowing; large arteries, small arterioles- doesn’t matter. The point is to feel his body, to feel how it all contracts, how it fights against the alkaloid filling every cell, crossing the blood-brain barrier, the breath deepens, the head is spinning, pupils dilating letting into the eyes more light, too much, not enough.
