It was too loud, too busy. The press of people seemed unnatural, as if the crowds from the main streets in the heart of the city had suddenly been transported into the Yard. Everywhere, uniformed officers swam in a sea of black and white and yellow, amidst which the plainclothes officers stood out like small islands of distinctiveness, their clothing subdued but professional, sharp but neutral. Others in more relaxed clothing – denims and leathers and bright colours – were suspects in for questioning or witnesses being interviewed or the occasional undercover police officer who had been arrested as part of the guise.
The sound of the door opening distracted him from his musings and he looked up quickly to see Morgan coming into the room, surprise flickering across her features.
"Is he a cricket player then?" John asked. "Those blows were certain – he'd have to be familiar with using it."
"Stable," John said. "We won't know much more until we get the MRI back but… I don't know, Harry. I don't know."
But they had the whole day ahead of them just to themselves; Sherlock had deliberately scheduled family obligations for Boxing Day, and Harry had taken their mother on a Christmas holiday somewhere warm, freeing John from a trip to the suburbs.
As much as he enjoyed her company – not to mention her help in the office – it was easier to have the place to himself again that morning. He was a touch out of sorts, the sensation made worse by the knowledge that a lazy day with Sherlock, most of it spent in bed, would have alleviated it.
No doubt she was in London, at least some of the time. Perhaps Jim had moved her there; perhaps she'd gone on her own. It wasn't unusual by any means for someone her age and with her experience to have found work there, making Jim's involvement in that decision unnecessary. His base had never been London full-time anyway – but London was much bigger than Dublin.
"Because it's been convenient for him. Because he gets something out of it. I don't know what. Absolution? Retribution? I don't know. But he's doing this for himself, Doctor Watson, not for us. Don't credit him with motives that he doesn't have."
And he had a patient he had no intentions of cancelling on, drugged partner or not. Let Sherlock wake up and realize the world didn't revolve around him.
this were a nice family dinner, we'd both have known Irene was coming," John continued, pinning Mycroft with his best captain's glare. It seemed to slide right by. Pity. It worked so well on Sherlock.
Mycroft was already there when they arrived, looking unreasonably cool and put together despite the situation.
"Well I do, and you need to get out of the flat and get some fresh air. You can make snide deductions about the other pedestrians. You need some of that. And you need to move around."
"My point is that she conned you. Completely. You and Mycroft both," John added, ignoring the faint flare of nostrils at Mycroft's name. "There were little traces – like the footprints and the blood – but we saw those the way she wanted us to. She fooled you, she put you on completely the wrong path, and if we hadn't got hold of that video, we might never have known that."
Sherlock had at least turned the sound off, which was a small mercy considering he'd played it on his laptop, making it harder for some of the detail to be lost to imagination. It certainly wasn't the most graphic thing John had ever seen – he
"I was just about to do the autopsy," she said, gesturing vaguely with the knife to the body on the table.
John sighed, feeling some of the anger dissipate, some of it shifting into a stab of resentment. Sherlock was right, John
Sam shook his head without looking at John and toed his shoes off himself, kicking them aside. John sat back in a crouch, nudging the coffee table aside a bit. He kept himself slightly distanced from Sam, allowing the younger man to have some space. John knew the last thing he needed was to be touched any more than necessary or to feel like he was being crowded. At least here there were no jostling throngs, no constant noise.
He managed a nod and Sandra went back into the kitchen. He ate mechanically, aware that the food he was eating was good but barely tasting it. After a few minutes, Sandra came back with two tall glasses of water and set one in front of him.
He grinned and swung himself out easily onto the fire escape, still in his work clothes and stockinged feet, and climbed up quietly, shifting his weight slowly. Old training for moving stealthily came back to him with almost no effort. Sherlock hadn't known that John was coming home early and John wanted to surprise him. He so rarely got to really startle the detective that it may be fun, although he'd have to remember to duck in case Sherlock had his gun with him.
"We don't want your bloody money," someone spat – the first man because the voice wasn't close enough, he couldn't feel it against his skin.
He came back upstairs to find Sherlock stirring in their bed, stretching lazily before opening his eyes, his movements languid and sated.
Sherlock fought down a surge of irritation and regarded his brother with as level an expression as he could manage.
He felt Sherlock's thumb move from his palm to the back of his hand, tracing slow circles. Sherlock let out a deep breath and shifted slightly so that his face was turned a bit more toward John's. The doctor could feel the upper curve of Sherlock's nose against his temple and the faint whisper of warm breath against his cheek. He stayed where he was, silent and attentive. The waves and their quiet breathing remained the only sounds and John felt a bit more of the tension he was still carrying ebb out of him.
At the bottom of the stairs, Sherlock stopped him and searched John's face in the dim lighting. John gave him a quizzical look before the detective cupped a hand against the doctor's face, leaned down and kissed him.
Sherlock followed him quickly, reaching out, but John snapped out an arm to stop him. Sam was taut, the lines of his neck standing out in stark contrast under his skin. His green eyes were fixed on the spot where Sherlock had been standing, wide, bright and terrified. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, but there was nothing there except a bare bit of corridor. He turned back quickly, eyes flashing over Sam's face.
"Does it really?" Sherlock was suddenly in his space, close enough that John could feel the heat radiating from him, and the way he dipped his voice chipped at John's resolve.
John stood again and worked the ring off carefully. Doe's hands hadn't survived the attack unscathed but his right hand had born the worst of the damage. John eased the ring off of Doe's left ring finger carefully and held it up to the light. Eight years with Sherlock had taught him exactly what to look for in wedding bands. This one wasn't particularly dirty but nor was it cleaned on a regular basis – at least not as regularly as Sherlock cleaned their rings. The inside was no more polished than the outer surface, so he did not take off much, either.
"But you couldn't tell me you were smoking and now you can't tell me why you finished the pack on Monday." John's lips twitched minutely, but not in any sort of smile. "I don't mean you don't trust me with your debit card or your chemistry set equipment or on cases. I mean you don't trust
He tidied and cleaned to keep himself moving, to occupy a mind that threatened to distract him with a dozen
"No medical allergies and no current medications," John supplied, "but he used to be a cocaine addict."
"He's always upset when he doesn't get his way," Sherlock sighed, the pen between his fingers tapping gently against the polished surface of his desk.
"Presumably he has doctors." John pinched the arch of Sherlock's left foot and his husband scowled, pulling his feet back. John took the opportunity to get up so he could help himself to more food.
"So– what?" John demanded, the confusion suddenly finding an outlet with rage, blue eyes sparking in the dim lighting of the landing. "It was just coincidence that she showed up here after Mary said she was sending someone?"
"Indeed," she replied, and didn't bother to wonder at the motives Jim's parents had for their actions. They were long dead, under somewhat mysterious but officially unresolved circumstances. That, of course, had never been connected to Jim himself in any way.
– into chaos, an anarchy of sensations that made no sense, that wouldn't stop no matter how hard he fought, trying to impose order where there was none.
He blinked a few more times, grey eyes unseeing, then stiffened slightly - in shock, not in apprehension, John thought. Sherlock stayed still, as if any sudden movement might startle John into leaving again, and slid his slowly eyes to his husband. John watched him without relinquishing his position by the door, meeting Sherlock's gaze with an equanimity that he did not really feel. Everything they had to sort out seemed to yawn in front of him.
This was not a conversation they could have had in front of John, who knew nothing of the man it concerned, and Irene was not entirely convinced John had been glad to see her.
"Right, stop right now," Lestrade interjected quickly, and Sherlock drew himself up a bit straighter, feeling a twinge of satisfaction that Donovan hadn't been allowed her obvious comment about how he wouldn't work for them if she were in charge. The glower John shot him deflated him somewhat – it wasn't just John taking Donovan's side, but directing real anger at him.
Sherlock eased himself through the window and changed – he had no time to shower or brush his teeth or even wash his hands, which he did fastidiously despite the gloves, but at least he could remove the smell as much as possible for John's sake.
"That's a mercy, at least," she murmured, half to herself. John put a hand on her arm lightly and she glanced back at him.
Shift in the air currents – it was colder down here, but drier. A larger, more open space, and a moment with his eyes closed let Sherlock feel a distant rumble through his feet. Tube some distance below them. Likely accessible from here if one knew where to look, but he shelved the possibility for now. Too difficult to get a body onto public transit without notice (he ignored John's cheeky grin in his mind at the memory of the time he'd learned
Still, Sherlock didn't fail to note that John tucked it behind some other items, so it couldn't be plucked out without dislodging something else.
know something about the Woman! We need to know what that is, John! We need to know what connects them!"
"I promised your mother," Mycroft said, unable to stop the soft sigh that slipped into his voice. "And against her, there are always some battles even I cannot win."
And now she was back, possibly in London, although it didn't pay to make assumptions. Mary's contacts in the Met kept her well informed, and it hadn't been too difficult to piece together the woman behind the abductions to Wales.
"Why McKinney?" John asked and Sherlock raised his head finally. "I mean, not why do you need to talk to him, why him and Mycroft and not the others? What was it about both of them?"
Of course, Mary's surveillance could have been anyone. They didn't have to be recognizable to John, and it was obviously better from her perspective if they weren't.
John was getting sick of it, sick of the whole thing. He wanted his chair back. He wanted his flat back. He wanted his husband back.
Charles strongly suspected this was the case, and that it was also the reason he was being given what was clearly an opportunity to develop his parenting skills.
"No, you wouldn't," Sherlock murmured. John was about to interject again when Angela saved him by clearing her throat softly, and he felt a moment's envy that she could bring them both to heel – with faintly abashed expressions – so easily.
It was possible he simply hadn't wanted to, given his statements to the police about his relationship with his brother.
She gave a curt nod, then rounded her gaze on Sherlock when he emerged from the bedroom. John repressed a roll of his eyes – because he
John stared at him then forced himself to nod, falling into step behind Sherlock. He was livid and he recognized it was because he was terrified. No one knew who their killer was, even the man who had hired him. He was running circles around them, getting in past security everywhere and leaving a trail of bodies in his wake.
," Sherlock said, scowling when he spat out the last word. "Weddings, babies… They've all gone mad."
The precarious sensations ebbed slowly, their presence not quite dissipated but remaining only as a faint fizzle at the ends of his nerves, making the tips of his fingers buzz with quiet energy. Sherlock ignored it, keeping his focus on his breathing until he'd righted himself enough to keep working.
But everyone had pressure points – she'd learned that long ago, before Charles Magnussen had reached out to her through clandestine and intricate channels to strike up a partnership of sorts.
, John realized, a flash of shock overpowering the cold and pain for a moment. They'd put Riley in the hospital and they thought the injured man knew that.
"All right," John agreed. He didn't note or care about the smell much but Sherlock had developed a strong aversion to it after being hospitalized following the crash.
When they finished eating, Sherlock took their plates and set them on the low table next to his side of the bed. John put his wine glass on the cabana's bamboo floor where he could reach it easily later but where it wouldn't be knocked over. He straightened his legs and lay down and Sherlock turned back toward him, bracing his right hand on John's left side, looking down at him. With his face masked in shadows, Sherlock's pale eyes seemed to gleam even more brightly. John grinned and wrapped his hands around the detective's waist – he was up to three and a half pounds now, if John was any judge – and tugged. He pulled Sherlock onto him and his husband lay down, keeping some of his weight on his hand. John laced one hand into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a kiss.
Sherlock stirred as the orderlies were settling him into the private room, scowling as he opened his eyes. John positioned himself to be the first thing the detective saw; he didn't want to add to Sherlock's stress by putting Mycroft front and center. Sherlock's gaze was still glassy but more focused, which would have relieved John if Sherlock hadn't immediately tried to disentangle himself from the IV line and the heart rate monitor attached to his middle finger.
"It's fine, Sherlock," he said, realizing he was echoing the one-sided conversation Sherlock had just had for them. The detective subjected him to a penetrative glare, its intensity somewhat reduced by the fact that he was in nothing but his dressing gown and a pair of purple silk boxers, and had obviously fussed hair back into something approaching reasonable before storming out of the bedroom.
the one talking about me showering with other men," John pointed out, shifting himself enough to run a palm over Sherlock's head, feeling the prickle of stubble against his skin. He flexed his fingers, drawing his nails across the detective's scalp, and if he hadn't known it wasn't humanly possible, he would have sworn Sherlock purred.
"That makes sense," Morstan agreed, then glanced away as the door was pushed open and John stepped in.
he asked himself with a frown as the lift arrived. John stepped inside and tried to chase down the thought. Something was nudging at him mind about Connolly and about the way Doe had zoomed in on John's phone the night before.
"On my upper back, John," his husband ordered. Mystified, John obeyed and Sherlock settled his right hand on John's upper arm. He clasped John's right hand with his left and John suddenly had an idea what was going on.
“You could say that,” he agreed, and felt the muscles along his spine tighten at another sudden memory, this one much older, of Sherlock commenting to him that he didn’t operate in war zones, that it was too risky.
John swallowed hard, digging his phone from his jeans pocket. He had a small but growing collection of what Sherlock referred to as the 'personal photographs', and if he missed the chance to add this one, he'd never forgive himself.
"This is ridiculous!" Sherlock snarled – for the third time – pacing of the confines of the tech room, tendons jutting out on of the backs of his hands as his fingers splayed in frustration.
But Sarah wasn't a ghost, she was still there, real and smiling. John felt surprise flash through him and then he smiled back, waving her over.
"He fit the profile of someone they thought they could turn: he'd recently lost a young son. And I have no idea what the police there said to him, but it must have worked because a month later he got himself arrested in Dublin so he could become an informant for us. Even gave us some information that helped lead to an arrest in Atrim."
that you can do it, that you won’t – I don’t know, somehow break in the middle of all it and forget what to do and get lost – or worse?”
"Bed, John, go to bed. You're of no use to me if you're falling asleep over your work. I can manage without you."
The car he was expecting was there. Black, sleek, tinted windows. Not the car he would have associated with Douglas' wife. Purchased for her by her husband. Privacy and anonymity allowed her to vanish in the sea of similar cars that plagued the city, to move across London unremarked.
"Yeah," she replied. A brief discussion with a constable – necessary logistics – but it was John beside him that was the important data point, a second beam of light joining his, hovering on chipped black paint. John moved aside, but there was no real sense of distance as Hassard stood between them, architectural map spread between her hands.
a cigarette!” Sherlock snarled. John arched an eyebrow; that probably meant he did, but wasn’t willing to cop to it because John had suggested it. It was – the doctor had discovered – an effective way of keeping Sherlock off nicotine.
It was a relief to throw open the bathroom door, letting the steam that had been trapped in the tiny space begin to dissipate. John had been fighting it the whole time, but the sudden rush of cooler air from the main room made him cough, gripping the porcelain sink until he managed to get himself under control. He took a few slow, deep breaths, surprised to feel something plastic pressed against the back of his hand.
"Oh, very well," he muttered. "It should be obvious but I can see that it isn't." John opened his mouth to snap at the unnecessarily snippy comment but Sherlock kept talking over him – as usual. "He's not getting paid so he's not killing. He's not killing so he's not leaving us clues. But he's still out there, John. We have McKinney but we don't have him."
He took her to a favourite café, about a ten minute walk away. It felt strange but wonderful to be out doing something normal with a friend. The realisation made her feel guilty immediately and she tried to quell the reaction. She knew Sam was at home with Marian and that he probably desperately wanted a normal day out as well. She thought maybe she should go home. Part of her wanted to, part of her didn't. She tried to remind herself that it was all right to do things for herself as well.
"Yeah, I thought of that," she snapped, then sighed, giving her head a small shake. "If we knew where the entrances were, we could have teams working their way toward each other. We're just fumbling in the dark down here."
And on the other side of the entryway, drawn into the corner of the doorframe, was a small ring of roses done in red permanent marker.
His brain supplied him with a lifetime of losing Sherlock, of rows and anger and anguish, the way it had been for Clara losing Harry.
Sherlock grunted, burying his face in a cushion, and John knew he’d be on his own today. Occasionally, the need for company won out over Sherlock’s strops, and the detective would catch him up in the park. John never commented on it – Sherlock needed his space too.
Singer who found the body," Hassard commented. Lips twitched – despite himself – at the derision that slipped into her voice.
Sherlock met his gaze squarely, the look in his grey eyes speaking volumes. John swallowed hard, adjusting his grip on his gun.
With the lights flashing and sirens wailing, it took Lestrade half the time to get them to Sam and Sandra's flat than it normally would have. The DI met John's eyes in the rear-view mirror and the doctor just gave a curt nod before turning back to his patient.
"No, he's been given orders and is carrying them out creatively and efficiently." He glanced up at the bridge again. "We all fall down," he murmured, that familiar smile playing on his lips. John wanted to close his eyes or take Sherlock by the shoulders and shake some sense into him – he was appreciating this. Not the death, John thought, but the detail. Without meaning to, he turned his head slightly, catching a glimpse of Donovan out of the corner of his eye.
"He did," Sherlock agreed, and she wished she could feel the certainty he so clearly did – not about the need to catch Jim, but for everything else it had entailed.
"What –" Donovan started to ask, taking a step toward them, and Sherlock growled. He was shocked to hear John making the same noise low in his chest, the sound edged with a dangerous impatience.
He was trying to work but his thoughts seemed to slip past him and dissipate like mist. When he tried to catch them, to form them into something coherent, they were simply not there. Now and again, he still felt a flash of anger at the road workers who had damaged the water pipes and had ultimately got him caught. That lasted less than a second before he shook it away. He couldn't deflect the blame.
"Yeah, sorry I'm not that enthusiastic right now," he said, hearing the hint of sarcasm slip into his voice, unable to stop it. He was hungry, tired, and couldn't shake the hurt and disappointment no matter how distracting a murder investigation should have been.
The sudden silence following the clicks was broken by another jagged sob. Sherlock wished John were there – he had no idea what to do. He stood beside his chair, locked in a rare moment of uncertainty, then made himself cross the room and sit down on the couch next to Sam. Impossible to tell if Sam was even aware that he was there – there was no shift in his posture, no acknowledging movement. Sherlock held himself very still, completely at a loss. He thought about texting John for advice, but his phone was on the other side of the room and he didn't think he should get up.
Most of it was fan mail or thank-yous; John sorted through the former for the gems, which included a very skilled line drawing of Sherlock in the hated hat. He folded that to keep for himself, and considered scanning it to put on the blog. The thank-yous he left out. Sherlock usually had the grace to at least glance at them, and John suspected they secretly pleased him – not for the gesture itself, but for being reminded how brilliant he was.
"Jim Moriarty isn't the only one who can buy off a cabbie to do what he wants," Bridget said. "Mary wants us all alive, and I intend to stay that way. I
Sam nodded and she rose then bent down to press a kiss against his forehead. He closed his eyes, relishing the sensation of her warm lips on his skin. He wondered again if he were dreaming, but he could never remember his dreams when he took his strongest sleeping pills. That was why he had them.
Sandra frowned then leaned over Carrie's shoulder to see the computer monitor. The other nurse pulled up the BBC news site and played a clip. Sandra frowned again, watching the oddly deserted bridge and the three figures in the distance. Two on the parapet, one of them presumably the abducted constable whose disappearance had been all over the news that day and another on the road, holding a gun.
Far simpler to have people come to her, but she suspected a trip to London would be in her cards very soon.
Sherlock gasped softly, pulling out of the kiss, and shifted somewhat, as if trying to move away from and into the touch at the same time. John relented, pressing his thumb in deep circles where he’d pinched, heightening the sensation without making it sharper.
The phone rang quietly on the other end of the line; once, twice, three times. He was about to hang up on the fourth ring when a click made him reconsider quickly and he pulled the phone back to his ear.
This was him stuffed under a bunch of pillows and a duvet, making condescending noises when I pointed out that we have a perfectly good bed downstairs if he fancied a nap.
"Yes, I can see that," John replied, lips twitching into a grin that made Sherlock's expression even darker. "Let me look." He slid a hand over one of his partner's, feeling the jut of tendons as Sherlock's fingers curled more tightly into the pillow. A brief shake of Sherlock's head made John sigh, rubbing a thumb over the bony ridges of knuckles.
Sherlock knew John wanted to have sex and he himself was not entirely opposed to the idea. But nor was he entirely comfortable with it. John had walked out on him twice. He'd had no idea if or when John was coming home after the second time. It had hurt him to lose his husband like that, even for a short period of time. He had lost his mother permanently a few months ago. Losing John on top of that had been debilitating. He had said as much to John, since John wanted to know these things. It had made the doctor frown and feel guilty and berate himself silently. Sherlock didn't revel in John feeling guilty – he just wanted John never to do that again.
, Sherlock. Good." His voice softened on the last word, fingers easing up somewhat. "I need you to sit."
The next day, after Sherlock had proved to John that their address was programmed into his phone, John took them to the very heart of Central London, with its masses of people who made the narrow web of streets even more labyrinthine and complex.
The burger and chips were a like manna from heaven; John wished someone could have smuggled in a beer – or five – but made do with the water instead. He ate as slowly as he could make himself, listening to Lestrade hush Mycroft sharply every time Sherlock's brother started to ask about Sherlock's condition.
“Hi,” John said, extending one of the takeaway cups to Sherlock before plunking himself down on the bench. “Sorry I took so long. I brought coffee.”
It scarcely mattered that he was intent on distracting John long enough to have at least a brief meeting with Gabriel – the doctor shouldn't be working when they had other plans.
"I might," Harry replied, pushing her food around vaguely on her plate. "Might be nice to get away, have some time to myself. Not that I don't have that anyway– Jesus that sounds so self-pitying."
"All right?" his partner asked, silhouetted against the balcony door, some weak lamplight from the living room glowing gently in the background.
Sherlock sighed and gave him a pointed look, but John held his gaze until he saw the faint flicker of expression that meant the detective was relenting for him.
"City Airport," she replied, and Sherlock felt another jolt of shock nearly ground him, leaving him grateful that he was already seated. "I know a few people there. They might have heard something."
"You've been told to stay out of this," she said, putting her desk between them, fists resting on the dark wood like little barriers of their own, eyes fixed on Sherlock to exclude John from the warning – or the accusation.
The blanket was tugged from the back of the sofa and draped them as limbs fitted around each other out of practiced habit. Sherlock enveloped John as only he knew how to; the doctor pressed a kiss against a sharply defined clavicle and nestled against a now-familiar body. A sigh gusted across the crown of his head before Sherlock's chin came to rest there, fingertips trailing absently up and down John's spine. Secure in the embrace, John closed his eyes and let sleep banish the last of the fading sorrow.
"And you need to stop speaking to Mycroft about me," Sherlock warned. There was no other way Gabriel would have known about the pirates.
John had caught the dismay, a challenging look in his brown eyes, as if waiting for Sherlock to protest. Sherlock swallowed, forcing a smile that became easier and more natural when he crouched down, almost thrown off kilter by his niece barrelling into him. David was more restrained but his hug was no less enthusiastic.
She got poster of him and begged her parents to let her go to a Take That concert but they said she was too young. Sandra pouted in her room for two days and thought about running away and going to the concert herself. But she didn't have the money and Joanna told her that the tickets would all be gone by now anyway. Her sister told her Jason Orange was a weirdo and looked like a girl, which was not true. Joanna had a poster of that American actor, Brad Pitt, whom Sandra thought was ugly.
The flat seemed silent, not just because of the sleeping infant, but John was used to being greeted and served tea by Irene's long-time valet.
"She has a good taste," Dominique replied, voice low, as he produced a bottle from one of the island's shelves.
, he told himself, not harshly. It was tempting, but sleep was something that Sherlock never got in large enough quantities, and John forced a resoluteness not to disturb his partner now.
"Try to stay awake this time, at least for a few minutes," John said and Mycroft didn't move his lips.
"All right," John sighed. "Sherlock's going to tell Lestrade to clear the path downstairs and get us a car to take you home. Is that all right with you?"
"Just computers," John said, running a thumb along the ridge of Sherlock's knuckles, a touch he'd used more than once to calm the detective's nightmares. It seemed to help; some of the tension ebbed from Sherlock's features, but there was still an undercurrent of trepidation there. "No pets at all. I promise. Okay?"
John's fingers tightened over his for a moment, then slid down, along the back of Sherlock's hand before dropping away to help push himself up. Sherlock removed his hand as well, opening his eyes again, meeting John's gaze.
He wanted to let himself believe that it wouldn’t change how he saw Sherlock, but he knew it would, and could admit that to himself with a private scowl. Because what he knew now only touched the edges, and he hadn’t even learned that until after they’d been together for several months. It
A murmured instruction and steadying hands on his waist helped John brace himself, one-armed, against the headboard. Sherlock kissed down the length of his spine, running his hands in the opposite direction. The scent of vanilla grew stronger again, and the quiet groan John gave caught, reflected, in Sherlock chest when he sat back on his heels, pulling John along with him.
"Probably in the hospital then," John said. "That's a good sign. You remembered the name John, too."
She checked the time, hesitated, then decided it didn't matter. Let John Watson know what it was like for the job to wake him up in the middle of the night. She couldn't have bloody citizens running around, acting as though police procedure meant nothing to them and giving out information about cases whenever they felt like it.
"Twelve days?" John asked, but Sherlock didn't need the confirmation for the quick mental arithmetic; two days after their abrupt disappearance from London, before their paths had converged.
When they got back, Sherlock could tell John was restless. They had gone for a long walk through the dunes to a more populated public beach and had strolled around, doing what John called "people watching". Sherlock knew this was a means of distracting him, but it worked surprisingly well when a case was not immediately available and there was no other work he could do. John was quite brilliant sometimes – on a fairly consistent basis, actually. It was a quite good idea. Sherlock kept his voice low, for John's ears only, while running through his deductions. Apparently, it was discomfiting for people to overhear his evaluations of their lives, behaviours and motivations. He was certain this was nonsense; surely they could learn something valuable from his insights? But John insisted otherwise and the reactions he'd gotten when people had heard him only supported this.
"If someone had died, I'd have told you," Sherlock continued. He released John and pulled out his phone, tossing it unnecessarily given the small space between them. John managed to catch it with some fumbling and Sherlock huffed.
“You’re sorry?” John demanded. Sherlock hesitated and nodded, scanning John’s face, trying and failing to find all of the little hints that would explain the confusion, unable to follow the reasoning behind John’s dry laugh, the way blue eyes skittered away from him before being drawn back as John shook his head.
“Is there a form I need to fill out?” the young man asked after the brief tour was complete. John gave his head a shake, putting on his best reassuring doctor’s expression.
"Get some rest," John said. "It's the best thing you can do for yourself. We'll be back. Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this."
A grunt was lost between them; John felt one of Sherlock's knees buckle slightly, angling a thigh between his, and he tilted his hips in response, taking advantage of the situation.
He almost didn't; David and Olivia pleaded with him to sleep in the fort, but there were definite lines Sherlock wouldn't cross. He had a very large and comfortable bed, and absolutely no good reason not to sleep in it.
One day in early February, he arrived to find a bustle of nurses and doctors inside Riley's room, along with Charlotte Morgan. She met his eyes through the door's window and stepped outside, gesturing him away from the constable who had cleared John easily enough – they all knew him now.
John slipped into the room and pressed a light kiss against his husband's temple. In his sleep, Sherlock sighed but didn't stir, even when John carded his fingers gently through dishevelled curls.
“Ha!” he said, snagging the package back to dump into his shopping basket, joining it with several more for various infant ages. Aaron watched with interest, reaching vaguely for the small pile of items now occupying the basket.
He and John had been together for three years. Sherlock could scarcely imagine losing interest in John. The doctor had
It was for Adler, though. Just another means to an end, to get Sherlock interested, to get him to do her dirty work. Find out why Alexandre mattered enough to make it into some information Mycroft must have had about Mary.
He nodded abruptly and turned away, apparently satisfied. John sighed quietly and rubbed a hand through his hair.
The balcony was balm enough tonight; the air was chilly now with the encroaching hint of autumn, despite the warmth of the days. Sherlock settled on the sofa, fiddled with a pack of cigarettes but opting to sip his tea leisurely instead. Constellations – those easily visible through London's light pollution – wheeled slowly overhead, tracking the passage of time.
The signal jumped back to life, catching John's heart with it, surprise and relief tensing his muscles so sharply a warning flare shot through his shoulder. He breathed deeply, trying to relax, lightheaded at the sight of the tiny, blinking dot tracing a slow line away from the station.
"You cannot be angry at him for being a terrorist and then refuse to acknowledge that his opinions on the matter changed. At great personal risk to himself, I might add. That can't be a decision made lightly."
Another, heavier, sigh at the pile of towels dumped negligently on the worn linoleum. He scooped to retrieve them and made a disgusted noise – they were nearly sodden. All of them, even his.
"So do I. I'd love to bring a case to you – if I 'ad one – but why in the world would I write you by post and in French? You are English, you 'ave email. Better to contact you that way, I think. Besides, this is not my 'andwriting."
He took the time to pocket his flashlight, freeing up his hands entirely to grip the gun, using the long moment to gather as much data as he could. It was a single light, not affixed to the ceiling, hung in a corner. It would leave shadows along the edges of the room, blind spots that were already blind spots because he couldn't see them. She might be in one of those, hidden and waiting.
"I don't know," he answered. "Maybe. I still feel like absolute shit. But at least the memories make a bit more sense."
"No, your mum and I aren't sister and brother," John said, shaking his head gently. "But we're very old and good friends."
The bag was taken from him and tossed lightly on Mycroft's desk, a tiny disruption that threatened to derail John's train of thought altogether.
She gave him a wry half smile, tucking the file under her arm and brandishing a piece of paper with her other hand.
"After her uncle. Please don't say no, you won't change my mind. Pete agreed with me. Mum and I are the only people who call you Gabe anymore. Even Pete calls you Sam. And I understand why, but I do miss it. Mum misses it, too. It was your name. It
That certainly wasn’t uncommon in Sherlock’s world, where ever-changing circumstances needed to be managed and kept aligned so that they didn’t intersect with one another or collapse on themselves.
"What do you expect to find?" John asked as he made his way into the living room, shoes leaving damp impressions on the scuffed hardwood. "A big sign that says 'I'm a member of RIRA'?"
"We'll call her," John promised. The detective repressed a sigh. John was always so accommodating of Lestrade. Occasionally it was good to put the DI off his stride. It built character.
"I don't mind that," John said with a smile, ignoring Sherlock's soft snort. For all his partner's posturing, Sherlock wasn't so opposed to the idea of children – at least not if they belonged to other people. John hadn't been around when David had been a baby, but he'd seen how easily Sherlock had cared for Olivia when necessary.
"All right," he made himself say. He'd brought this on himself and he knew John needed some time. Time to be more disappointed? He ached again for shouting and cursing, hot anger that had to burn off more quickly because it was brighter and more intense.
"I'd like to leave a constable with him overnight, in case whoever did this comes back to finish the job."
"Well, sod them," John said, earning a slightly startled glance from his partner. "We're out for a drink. We can topple international criminals later." A quick smile crossed Sherlock's lips, sparking a gleam in his grey eyes. "We're here."
"I am on a schedule," she said. "There are… certain people waiting for me to make contact. If I don't…" A slight shrug, feigned unconcern for the result. "Perhaps I should say it would be very difficult then for
They stopped at one of the stands, Olivia dancing around them as David contemplated his flavour choices carefully. The seriousness of the decision made John smile; Olivia had opted for vanilla without any real consideration, but David had always been much more thoughtful.
He rang his brother's number without hesitation, pressing the phone hard to his ear, cursing when the call went through to voicemail.
"All right," Sandra agreed and Veronique heard the fatigue and uncertainty in her voice. "We'll be back at our flat by then. Do you– of course you know where it is, you've been there."
“This is a good Christmas gift,” John murmured when they broke apart, noses still touching, Sherlock’s breath warm against his lips.
Alternate scenarios were pointless – and no matter how often he repeated that fact until it became something of a mantra, a firm reality that his mind ought to accept, there was no denying what might have happened.
during the tedious stay, especially when his parents and Mycroft insisted on imposing themselves on him.
"Yes," Sherlock said, at the same time John replied, "Please." The doctor raised his eyebrows when Lassalle vanished toward the back of the flat; Sherlock scowled back, wishing it were cool enough outside to wear his coat. John never felt quite short enough in the summers, and it was less effective to jam his hands into his trouser pockets and huff – somehow, the action lacked authority like that.
A hand slid over his hip, thumb digging into his balls while a deft twist of the wrist had two fingers pressed against his opening, rubbing lightly. John bit his lip, trying to keep himself from moaning, unable to stop the startled shout when Sherlock pushed the tips of his fingers inside. They were still slick from the chocolate, the sensation almost sticky, and the resistance was stronger without lube, making Sherlock's fingers feel bigger than normal, and rougher. They crooked lightly, and Sherlock hollowed his cheeks, pulling upward; John pushed back hard, thrusting into the mouth surrounding him, head arching back into the pillow as he came with a hoarse cry.
"Don't worry," John said, winding his arms around his partner's waist. "I intend to give Irene my full attention."
"What?" John asked, but Sherlock was already disobeying the message. John turned, eyes skimming the opposite wall. The irritated sigh from beside him drew his attention, and his headlamp, to the wall in front of them.
Sherlock turned his head, trying to track the motion, and there was a hand on his jaw suddenly, John's grip just shy of being too tight.
Adair had had information on Mary, something he'd been willing to sell to the Woman. The nature of that information might matter, but it might not, and Sherlock didn't have access to it.
A ghost of a smile on Sherlock's lips, thumb stroking carefully along the line where neck met shoulder, coming nowhere close to the injury. She'd done that, and John knew exactly how angry he'd be if their situations had been reversed. He'd lived it.
John was adamant that Sherlock’s memory was improving and his observational skills were as sharp as ever – Sherlock still doubted the former but the latter was obvious, and he grew tired of John trying to stop him from reading everyone’s tells and hidden secrets. It gave him something to
"There has," Sherlock agreed, a slightly sombre sense settling over him. He took a sip of his champagne, enjoying the crisp coolness, but John fiddled with his glass, rolling the stem between thumb and forefinger.
"Sir Richard Douglas," Sherlock mused as Lestrade and Molly joined them in the cold room, Molly taking up the expert's stance next to the gurney, Lestrade standing back, a step closer to Hassard – professional alignment rather than a personal one.
It took a moment before he could suck in a deep breath, euphoria coursing through his muscles, relaxing them even more than they had been the night before. The smell of John was even stronger now, and Sherlock wondered, vaguely, why he was bothering to resist the urge to lift his partner bodily, carry him to bed and stay there all day.
“Mm-hmm,” John replied, raising a hand to card through Sherlock’s sleep-rumbled curls before tracing his fingers down Sherlock’s jaw to his chin, pulling him into another kiss.
She regarded Dublin absently, mobile phone pressed lightly to her lips. Her career now – as then – kept no set schedule but she scarcely believed she'd be in for a repeat of last night's performance.
"I am awake, alert, and functioning," he snapped before Mycroft could speak. "I'm not in danger of anything, except perhaps fratricide, so get out of my flat, Mycroft.
He hurried down to the morgue, somewhat startled to find Molly on duty. With everything going on, he hadn't really put two and two together – but of course she'd be here. And of course she knew what had happened, he realized as she asked him how he was and how Sherlock was doing. Lestrade would have told her, and she'd have Adler – hopefully the real Adler this time – in her morgue again.
"Yeah," John said, shrugging. "Well." She raised her eyebrows in return but said nothing. He was ignored for a moment while she made a quick check of the room and examined Riley, a frown creasing her features momentarily.
Sherlock was standing in his door, looking pale, tired, and suddenly shocked at having a gun aimed at him. Sam kept the weapon up, feeling a sharp rush of relief and exhaustion coupled with anger. The detective stood frozen, everything in his stance suggesting he was not going to make any sudden movements.
"I do also have a gift for you, one the hospital was unwilling to permit me." He reached over to pat the dog's head, and its tail picked up, thumping hopefully against the floor.
John expelled a harsh sigh, holding up a hand to stave off another apology from Molly, who didn't owe it to him.
That kind of game was right up Mycroft's street, and the doctor would have bet their house and all their savings that Sherlock would never knowingly accept such a gift from his brother. They needed a break, but Sherlock wouldn't have copped to that even if John had suggested it, say nothing of Mycroft.
Sherlock braced himself carefully, able to rock John slightly, wondering if it helped at all – certainly there must be something behind it, some vestigial connection to infancy, but if it made any difference, it wasn’t obvious; John clutched at him, face buried against Sherlock’s neck, soaking Sherlock’s shirt, racked by deep, rasping sobs.
"I wish Uncle Sherlock could come," Olivia said in her off-handed way, bouncing up and down on her toes, the light-up trainers that had probably nearly given Mycroft an aneurysm flashing as she moved. There was a lightness to her tone that John suspected meant she'd forget about it almost immediately, and he was proven right when she continued with: "Can we see the butterflies first? Please?"
Lestrade managed to clear a space on his desk the moment before the map was spread out, a maze of lines and symbols accentuated by red pen ink and hastily jotted notes.
, because there was something behind the pale eyes that they shared that gave away his ire – and that sparked the same in Sherlock, accompanied by that infuriating powerlessness, the knowledge of wisdom and intelligence he'd never achieve, whose absence was held over him, held against him like a character flaw.
"The PET scan didn't show anything new," she told him. "Mild swelling, but there was no real change in that between the MRI and the PET. We'll keep an eye on it, but the fact that Sherlock was awake and coherent – even for a few minutes – is a really good sign. I'd like to keep him in ICU for the day. If we see progress, or even no real change, by this evening, we can look at moving him."
"I don't trust you enough for that," John replied and Sherlock rolled his eyes. John chuckled, unwinding the rubber strip and wrapping it easily around his own arm, although he did get Sherlock to tie it. Injecting himself was not hard; he'd had enough needles and blood drawn in recent months that he was starting to look like an aged drug addict. He was glad the vein didn't collapse from the repeated abuse, and the morphine felt warm hitting his blood stream.
Sherlock sat down on the bed, suddenly exhausted. He dropped his head into his hand and shuddered as the silence in the flat pressed down on him. He felt it constricting his lungs and gasped in a deep breath, trying to push back against the cold, oppressive feeling. The flat without John was too big, too empty, too hollow. He felt that emptiness settle into his chest and leaned over, closing his eyes and raking his hands through his hair.
They had a police officer with them – and a DI to boot. John had expected Hassard to protest, until he'd seen the look on her face following Sherlock's explanation of where and why Sarraf's body had been stored.
“Just the face,” the detective said stonily, and John didn’t miss the way his hand tightened around the IV pole, knuckles going white, as Molly drew the sheet back. It was a small mercy, John thought, that Molly missed it. By the time she’d straightened again, Sherlock had forced himself to relax, staring impassively down at the corpse.
The other patrons of the tiny restaurant – a handful of men, mostly sitting alone – glanced up at John in mild disinterest before returning to their meals. He ignored them, weaving his way through the tightly spaced tables toward the untended counter. A middle aged woman bustled out from the backroom a moment later, carrying a small stack of porcelain mugs.
"Mycroft's outside very poshly demanding to see his brother. Sherlock won't be alone. And Greg wants to talk to you."
"We don't know that the victim is the same man in the CCTV footage," he pointed out reasonably. Sherlock nodded but his expression didn't change.
He shook head, his gaze never leaving the tree. "When I was in Afghanistan... it's different when you're a soldier. You have training, you have resources if you want them. I didn't have to try and imagine what it was like for the people who lived there. I saw it all the time. Constant stress. Living in a warzone. Every time they left their homes, having to wonder if they'd get blown up. Hell, having to wonder that just being at home."
John sighed, aware of his sister's sardonic gaze as he gestured for the paper. It was Sherlock's writing all right, that familiar hasty scrawl. It probably
Of course, without his experiments, there probably wasn’t anything else demanding his attention, unless he’d been composing.
John closed his eyes, taking another moment to appreciate the stillness, the faint brush of breath on his skin, all the warm places of contact. He didn’t feel rushed, just aware that his intentions not to wake Sherlock, while good, were futile. Left to his own devices, Sherlock would have woken sooner than most people anyway, but John could admit it wasn’t soon enough for him.
“I think that case is making itself,” John replied. Not that Sherlock would bat an eyelash if John requested a higher salary for his nurse, and he probably should. He made a mental note to look into it later. “What do I have on for today?”
"I should think that four murders in the space of two weeks scarcely qualifies as a 'maybe'," Mycroft replied.
Mary hesitated, expression relaxing into a smile when John beckoned her over. Olivia glanced at her uncle, waited for John's nod, then bounced over to Mary, taking her hand to tug her along, talking animatedly the whole while.
Sherlock's lips moved soundlessly, and a weak cough made him wince. John plucked a cup of ice cubes from the tray beside the bed, cradling Sherlock's head very carefully to feed him a few small chips.
The glasses helped; they were unnecessary on a functional level, but drew attention away from the rest of her, and some small adjustments to her comportment and posture added to the illusion – when this was all done, her target would walk away none the wiser.
“That’s what I told him – and that if he thought sprained ankles and drunken falls were interesting, he should re-evaluate his take on life.”
The trail led him toward the heart of the old station, up flights of temporary stairs that existed only for the construction crews. The internal structure he'd navigated the last time had almost vanished – some of its layout remained, but it had been largely stripped away, leaving the shell of the old station and replacing the interior with something that would, someday, be sleek and modern.
Manipulation to get them all to the same place at the same time, to let them know they were being hunted, to get to them while they planned to keep themselves safe.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. No music or no memories? Likely both. Sam curled up again and leaned his head back, staring at the ceiling. He was silent for several minutes before asking:
"Thank God," he murmured. "No one should have gone the way any of them went. Especially Brace. God."
When Sandra was seven, it was a prince. It didn't matter which prince; any prince would do. As long as he was rich and handsome. And had a palace with servants and horses and hosted balls and took her on expensive holidays. She watched and re-watched
John let himself collapse into his chair, partly to get out of the detective's way as he paced silently, eyes narrowed in concentration, hands pressed together just under his nose. John drummed his fingers quietly on the arm of his chair, half wondering if the noise would distract Sherlock, but it didn't.
The tickets were for both of them, travelling from London to Edinburgh and then back again on the train. Two tickets for Sherlock Holmes, two tickets for John Watson. They were cancelled, and John had never even considered what had happened to them, never even realized that Sherlock had kept them. They had a number of souvenirs and photos from their much belated honeymoon, but somehow, the fact that Sherlock had kept these made it hard to breathe, a great weight of joy pressing on his lungs.
"Oh no, nothing like that. It was him and his daughter, but she wasn't feeling well, so he took her home… Not much I could do there, so I thought maybe I'd stay. Have a bit of a wander, but I'm not really sure."
"It's a delicate matter, Sherlock. I have a… colleague who would appreciate both your efforts and discretion."
"Mm-hmm," Sherlock agreed. "Although our father has no reservations about spending time outside – or at least here in the cabana. He simply avoids the water whenever possible."
The detective hung his coat on the back of the door, headed for the kitchen again. In a single breath, he managed to ask if John had eaten, conclude a commentary on the state of the transportation industry, and decry his brother's latest cases as "transparent and futile attempts to distract me from
"Have you already told me who did this?" he muttered, and John didn't have to be an observational genius to hear the trepidation in that question.
Besides, Sherlock didn't need anyone else to help him understand John – leaving aside the insight he'd needed from Gabriel at first because that had been early days, before Sherlock had had any notion of a relationship. Now he knew John better than anyone.
She had slept just under an hour and, in the way of small children, was all energy again. John missed that sensation and wondered why adults lost it. Perhaps they all had the same amount of energy, only it was stretched out over larger bodies, so that it was more compacted and tightly wound in children, looking for an outlet.
The idea of John pulling away again, saying no, was too painful to bear. He scarcely wanted to imagine it. So he'd done nothing but get up carefully and go back to work.
"No, but it means she knew something about you. And about Mycroft. She could have named you two more traditional names and then… " Sam shrugged. "Maybe you would have been different. Names help make us who we are. What if John weren't called John?"
Fingers tightened again where Sherlock's hand rested limply on John's shoulder. It was almost nothing, but John took it as a good sign, shifting a bit so the paramedic who had helped him could hold the oxygen mask over the detective's face.
If Mary hadn't known better, she might have suspected some kind of previous intimate relationship, but there was no indication that Holmes had ever even entertained the kinds of inclinations that would have led to that. Some submissive sexual tendencies, Mary would easily believe.
"And the symbols in the tunnels, John! That paint was fresh – within a day or two of us being down there. Someone knew we'd find it. Someone also knew we'd find
, Mister Holmes. But then, nothing about this does, not really. I was hoping you would see that. I'd hate it to spoil anything between us."
“Mm,” John replied, pushing himself to his feet, “and if we take this to the shower, you can kill two birds with one stone.”
And where had he even got the bloody tips from? She'd have to look into that, too. If someone on her team had a soft spot for Holmes, she'd have to root them out and give them a stern talking to. And maybe a transfer. She couldn't maintain any control if her people weren't doing their jobs.
"Am I a prisoner?" Sherlock snapped as Molly helped him back into the room. John closed the door behind them, taking care not to slam it despite the urge to do so.
She’d left him, half conscious and bleeding from a head wound, in a building burning down around him.
, I wouldn't have asked you to do it. Sherlock, I didn't want this to happen. Any of it. I just wanted you to solve the case and find Kelsi Murray and her killer."
John seemed to be waiting for Sherlock to do something. Sherlock had put his considerable mental power to trying to figure out what, but had been unable to do so. It was maddening and made him feel ill. This was
of the time, John," Sherlock retorted, and John didn't bother repressing a grin at the correction. "I was trying to make a point – although it fell on a rather inobservant mind."
What he'd said, what he'd done. The fact that he'd walked out on his husband with barely a word, leaving Sherlock yelling after him, panicked, on the pavement. The fact that he'd felt nothing while doing this, numb, shut off.
, he thought. He hadn't missed detective's sudden and undivided attention when he'd examined the scar on Doe's leg. But he'd let it pass; he knew what real uncertainty from Sherlock looked like and that hadn't been it.
"There's still coffee in the pot," he said, nodding toward the kitchen. "Fancy breakfast? We could go out."
"No, it doesn't," Sherlock agreed flatly. John felt his lips twitch with no real humour. He glanced up to see Sherlock leaning against the doorframe, his arms folded over his thin chest. In the dim light of the kitchen, the shadows under his eyes seemed darker.
Bridget rolled her eyes, slipping her hands casually into the pockets of her jeans but, Sherlock noted, also making no move to step off the road and back onto the pavement.
"You bought me Chinese food in the hospital the first night I was on your ward," he said as they sat down at a table outside, wrapped in their jackets against the cool autumn breeze.
"Thank you," Gabriel replied, accepting the cup with real gratitude a few minutes later. "Harder to get a decent cup of tea in New York. Excellent coffee, though."
Sherlock snapped his eyes open, nodded, and called up his contact list. He thumbed through it for his brother's number, about to select it when his phone rang, startling both of them slightly with the unexpected sound.
Mycroft took a slow breath; Sherlock bristled, aware that his brother was trying to find some loophole, some tiny detail, that would let him turn this back around.
"Mycroft's hearing," Sherlock murmured. John sighed, pursing his lips and Sherlock scowled slightly. That was his Displeased-But-Don't-Want-to-Upset-Sherlock expression. "John," he said with a faint warning tone.
"Uh, Gabe," John said as Gabriel reached the door, one hand on the handle. He paused, turning back. "Can I borrow your dog for the weekend?"
"No," Sherlock agreed. "He was never keen on going in the water and he's certainly not a strong swimmer. He has that in common with our father."
John shelved it, watching Sherlock relax minutely. He wondered, passingly, if he should do up a catalogue of Sherlock’s reactions to him. Comparing it to the mental catalogue Sherlock kept of John’s responses might distract him.
When this didn't happen, Sherlock sighed inwardly and put the violin to his left shoulder. He ran through some scales and Sam huffed angrily, glaring at him.
, he thought, and then was surprised by the thought. He hadn't called Sam when Sibyl had died; he'd let John do it. But if there were no John… Sherlock gave himself a mental shake, unable to finish the thought.
The empty space in the bed beside him suddenly seemed a yawning chasm. He felt the air in the bedroom pressing down on him as he tried to deny the sound of the bedroom door upstairs opening and shutting gently.
"Imagine, John, just imagine! Over a decade and the first lead they have is a victim who remembers nothing. A man who does not know himself but who knows me." He gave John a bright grin. "This is going to be
"Because you're more careful than most," Mycroft said and John arched an eyebrow, wondering what it cost Sherlock's brother to admit that.
He unlaced Sherlock's shoes, letting the detective kick them aside, skimming his fingers upward again. Sherlock met his eyes, pupils dilating even more, shifting slightly to let the cane take part of his weight. John smiled; Sherlock worried his lower lip with a hurried nod.
He gestured to Sherlock, keeping low as they crept toward the building, each of them moving to stand on either side of the open entrance, backs against the wall, guns ready. There was no door, just an empty frame covered by a sheet of plastic. It took undisturbed, the plastic fixed firmly to the plywood walls, and the staples holding it in place didn't look fresh.
“I’m a genius, John,” Sherlock replied with feigned coolness. “I can be relied upon to pack a suitcase.”
"Bart's next, I think," Sherlock said. "Should make your day, Lestrade. At least one body there will be pleased to see you."
Morgue records could be removed and covered up. Fingerprints, DNA – those could be erased from databases. With enough talent and cleverness, police reports could be eliminated as well, but it was much more problematic to do so if there was an officer somewhere looking into a disappearance.
"Are you trying to ruin me?" he asked, and John swallowed against the dip and purr in his partner's voice.
At this, John's lips twitched in the shadow of a smile. Lestrade came back with an orange shock blanket and passed it off to the doctor.
Sherlock nodded towards bed and John sat down, taking care not to rush. The deliberateness of Sherlock's movements warned him against it, and he knew he'd be in for a long wait. Sherlock's patient moments were still rare, and John made a point of enjoying them.
"Oh yes, but why spoil the surprise? You'll know her when you see her, Sherlock. She's far shrewder than she lets on, but we all have our weaknesses, don't we? Pretty young men are generally a good bet."
He left the door open, ignoring John's smirk. There were practical reasons for doing so – such as being able to hear John more easily should he require help – and that was the only one Sherlock would have admitted to out loud.
He did things for her that no one else had ever done. Things he probably didn't think were valuable. Things that were priceless to her. He bought a small programmable coffee maker and set it to have a fresh pot of tea waiting for her when she came off a night shift and he was working during the day. He made sure that there was breakfast that could be reheated to accompany the tea. If he wasn't working, he made her fresh breakfast when she walked through the door then would often crawl into bed and lie with her until she fell asleep.
"You're killing me," John groaned quietly. Not only had Sherlock's discovered John's proclivity for candle wax, he'd also discovered in himself a hitherto unknown patience accompanied by a bit of a sadistic streak. John was convinced that Sherlock enjoyed seeing him squirming mentally while he waited.
clothes," the detective continued. "The clothes in which he was found, yes, but everything is brand new. No wear marks anywhere you'd expect – around the buttons, the collar, the cuffs. Shirt still has two parallel creases in it from being folded and although there are bits of dust on the jacket and trousers, those come from simply being worn. No hairs anywhere. No wear or marks or dirt on the shoes, either. Unless this was the most meticulous man in the world who also happened to have no sense of his own size, these clothes were never his and he was changed either immediately before or immediately after he died."
"Train tickets," Sherlock said, and John wondered if he was imagining the faint note of surprise in his partner's voice. "I thought you were enjoying yourself."
A smile twitched at the corners of his mouth as he turned his head just enough to find Sherlock in another kiss. The euphoria began to dissolve into relief, leaving his muscles lax as they fitted warm, sweat-dampened bodies together more comfortably.
John met Sherlock’s eyes again, raising one eyebrow, and Sherlock tried not to shudder at the possessiveness of that expression. He managed a small nod, eyes fluttering closed when John grinned, popping the cap on the lube to coat his hand.
"Nothing," John murmured, tracing his thumb down the line of vertebrae on the back of Sherlock's neck. "Nothing but watch."
He pulled open the door and was surprised to find Lestrade waiting for him on the stoop. The DI had that familiar reluctant and exasperated look about him that meant he was coming for Sherlock's help. John grinned.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and there was a touch of relief in his voice – or maybe she was imagining it. "It's wool, so it would retain moisture better than other fabrics, but the suit itself isn't damp," a finger and thumb traced across a lapel, frown lining his features, then a small shake of the head. "If he'd worn this – especially if he'd worn this before he'd died, when blood was still circulating – it would smell like him. It hasn't been damp – not terribly damp – the past few days. Raining now, but that would hardly affect anything stored in here… But the suit's not dirty, either."
Sherlock kept his pace slow, deliberate, taking the time to scout his path before following it, to examine each empty room he came to without the weight of any expectation. Knowing what he was looking for might mask what was there. He needed to observe, not just to see. Assumptions could be blinding.
With a sigh, Sherlock sat back, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes the way John had so recently done – or not so recently, he realized, glancing at his watch. It was tempting – distractingly so – to snap the laptop shut, abandoning the work in favour of the warmth of John in their bed.
– and not just this but all of the little moments, and the big ones, that were stolen by fear and exhaustion and pain.
John stared at him again before sinking into a crouch, back against the wall, hands hanging between his knees.
Sherlock readjusted the violin and closed his eyes. He shut out everything but the feel of the instrument against his shoulder, the bow in his right hand. For a moment he was weightless, there was nothing but the violin and the subtle shifts in his muscles as he prepared to play. The last five years of Sam's life and the last six months of his fell away like dissipating mist.
"Not quite," Sherlock murmured, and John hardly cared that the grin spreading across his lips was a dopey one.
Tonight, everything was out of sorts, and he abandoned the attempt, stowing his violin carefully back in its case before wandering the flat aimlessly, irritated at his own idleness.
Gabriel stared absently at himself in the mirror as he finished adjusting his tie – he could have done it completely blind if necessary and did so on a regular basis to keep himself sharp. It had been one of the seemingly random lessons Sherlock had imposed on him just over a decade ago, one that Gabriel had thought pointlessly frustrating at first but understood perfectly now.
"Starving," she replied, looking around her. Sam had set their small kitchen table with care, a bottle of white wine taking centre stage. He saw her notice and moved to pour her a glass, watching as she sipped the dry liquid appreciatively. A glass of water sat by his place – he couldn't drink on his medication.
get us to leave London if you were interested enough to do so – and it's not like you couldn't have sorted this out from home! It's not exactly a good trap if we find out the bait is faked before we even left!"
needed, now more than ever, for an innocuous man whose only connection to Sherlock was a faked letter.
Parts of his own online life were private, or as private as they could be under the circumstances. Mary flicked through photographs only select friends and family had access to, noting with some curiosity that there were few pictures of John and Sherlock together. It wasn't entirely surprising; Holmes wasn't a man who liked to put himself in the spotlight, nor did he strike her as the type of feel at ease with a quick, impromptu shot.
John exchanged a dark look with Sherlock who blew a sigh between his lips. John's features pinched into a frown but he kept his voice light and steady when he spoke.
"I wish we did," he replied. "The case went cold because there were no prints on the knife used to kill the victim, nor anywhere around him. But there were a number of prints in the office that didn't belong to anyone who worked there. At least five different people. One of them may have been John Doe."
But he couldn't. Not this time. It wasn't his hospital but that wasn't all of it – the gash on the back of Sherlock's scalp made him want to vomit, filling him with a rage so bright it was hard to see around it, or to think. It had nowhere to go because he had no idea who to blame.
It was all John could do to stay standing, one hand curled around the bedframe, as Sherlock divested him of his jeans. He let go when his jumper was tugged upwards, freeing himself quickly as long fingers undid the buttons of his shirt.
John smiled, giving Sherlock a last, quick kiss before he settled down, feeling sleep creeping back into his mind and muscles.
But it wasn't enough to be a pressure point; while she was certain both Holmes and Adler would react to any threat against the other, they struck her more as equals, both confident in the other's ability to handle their own affairs.
Then John bit down on his shoulder, hard, timing it with a thrust, and Sherlock gave a harsh moan, nearly a sob, whimpering in protest as John kept moving, the scrape of denim against sensitive skin almost impossible to bear now. John sucked hard on the bite and Sherlock gasped, trying to curl forward but with nowhere to go, shuddering as John pulled everything from him that he could.
There would have been no mistaking his own sense of importance, even if she hadn't known who he was – Sherlock Holmes was a man who took great pride in his appearance and broadcasted that fact. The dark suit was cut perfectly for him – obviously bespoke – the expensive leather shoes were gleaming, his hair styled to perfection, his fingernails trim and clearly manicured.
dead,” Sherlock said, tone still calm, belying the rage below, the indignation, the sudden urgency to deal with this
"True," Mycroft agreed, years of political finesse keeping his voice neutral despite the shudder that ran up his spine; even trying to imagine a situation that might require him to wear something so suggestive of leg work was distressing. "But you don't wear suits."
"All right," he said, reaching over to turn off the light. Sherlock lifted one arm as John shifted beside him, adjusting his position. In the darkness, Sherlock could better smell John's scents, the hints of minty toothpaste and soap, a very faint trace of something in his hair – shampoo rather than product – and the familiar smell that was John himself, that reminded Sherlock of warmth.
Still, Sherlock felt compelled to make John work for it a bit more this time, and nodded, feigning unconcern as he sipped his champagne.
"A bit, but closer to Julie – her sister. Ame was always more – I'm not sure. Independent? Very private. But after the accident, she checked out. She tried, I think, but I think she'd always seen us as extra to her family and she couldn't replace them with us. So she left."
side. In the absence of any official information, or permission to leave the country, there were still ways of getting what he needed. Mycroft's authority didn't extend to inside the flat – John was very clear about that, had been from the beginning. A quick but thorough sweep had prevented Mycroft from listening, and it had been John who had suggested hacking the
"It's not a secret," Sherlock sighed. "And yes, I did. I make it a habit of not hiring stupid people. It was hardly difficult for her to come to the obvious conclusion. She offered them to me – I saw no harm in accepting. It seemed like an agreeable solution."
Sherlock took the small stack of documents handed to him, raising an eyebrow at Gabriel. The younger man matched his gaze with what Sherlock considered far too much poise – an unavoidable side effect of having trained Gabriel himself.
"That means when they find a fingerprint they have to run it to see if there's a match to any known ones they have in their system. There's always going to be some overlap – that's a partial match."
"No, they don't know who killed him," he said. "They don't know if you know him – at least as far as I'm aware."
It was nothing he could put his finger on, but Gabriel had long ago learned to pay attention to that instinct. He wasn't entirely sure he liked her, and he wasn't entirely sure he trusted her.
"It's a towel," Sherlock said with a hint of impatience. John opened his eyes as it was pulled away, then suffered his husband checking the stitching on his skull, patting it dry. This probably counted as medical care from Sherlock. John smiled slightly. He'd take what he could get.
He stopped speaking abruptly and turned back to John, extending a hand. The doctor look at it, befuddled, before raising his puzzled gaze to meet Sherlock's firm one.
Sherlock put his phone aside and finished his tea, returning the empty mug to the kitchen. He did the washing up Sam hadn't done, resting the dishes in the drainer next to the plate and cutlery Sam had cleaned. Then he cast around for something to do, wondering if something else needed to be cleaned. John usually knew, but Sherlock felt it would be defeating the purpose if he had to ask.
Mycroft paused, gaze diverted to something on the coffee table. The novel Alexandre Georges had given John, the one Sherlock had put there earlier.
John raised his eyebrows at the room service tray deposited in their room, and didn't comment on how much Sherlock tipped the waiter. Considering that Mycroft still seemed to be paying for everything else, they could certainly afford it.
He frowned when he noticed the small square of yellow paper affixed to the door. John shucked his gloves, shoved them into his coat pockets, and reached up to pull the sticky note from the door.
“Do you want other people to think I’m sexy?” Sherlock asked. A smile stretched across John’s lips; he felt a twitch of an answering one in their kiss.
He remembered how strange the lack of noise had been when he'd first returned to England. He could remember having longed for it until he had it – and then it had enveloped him in its isolation. He'd never realized how suffocating silence could be until there was no other alternative but to endure it, minute after minute, day after day.
"If I'd run into Sarah a year ago, or even six months ago, would you have been upset at all?" John asked.
This wasn’t tidy. It was so bright – why was it so bright – and loud – he watched the walls where words could leak out, certain they would, that they’d drain away but they didn’t, staying sharp and there, catching him between the highs and lows and Sherlock had let this in, let this happen–
With another sigh, Mary flipped the file closed and pushed it away. She might have guessed that someone who had associated herself with Jim would cause problems. She wondered if she would have to go after Adler herself, or if Sherlock could resolve the situation.
Most of her clients were more than happy to keep their meetings confidential – Irene was often impressed by the lengths some of them went to, and was adept at spotting those who were professionals in their own right. A sudden change in routine could always be traced back to something suspicious – even if that was just an arrangement between two consenting and otherwise unfettered adults.
"Maybe?" Sherlock demanded, pulling away from John with an impatient huff. "What do you mean, 'maybe'?"
It occurred to her that Sherlock may be baiting her, that she could be stepping into a clumsy and rather obvious trap, but the suspicion sat poorly with her, like a coat that was a size too small and made from cheap fabric.
"They're evaluating if he's well enough to be moved," she replied, folding her arms loosely, dark eyed gaze giving nothing away.
There were always people watching Jim, too, but they came and went, significant only for the part they played in keeping Jim securely where he was.
John had seen that kind of look and stance before, too many times. He drew a breath to warn Sherlock to stay calm, but the detective spoke before he could.
The sound of sirens and yelling voices hit him as if someone had unmuted the universe, hammering his eardrums. John tried to see around the smoke-sting in his eyes, the blurred images around him resolving slowly into emergency vehicles – police cars and ambulances with their lights flashing, fire engines swarming with firefighters trying to tackle the blaze. The tell-tale
John's phone rang and an approaching constable pulled out his phone, checking it before realising it was not his and repocketing it, all the while never losing focus on the sergeant who was speaking to him. John put a hand on Sherlock's arm whilst checking his text, silently urging him to let them pass. The detective growled low in his throat. He shouldn't be the one to move.
Mary scarcely had time to register the door opening before Holmes strode in, his appearance abrupt enough that she didn't need to feign the startled jolt. Grey eyes swept over her, disapproving, and she bristled reflexively, trying not to let it show. If Holmes had picked up on it, it didn't seem to faze him – but of course it wouldn't. Even if he realized his evaluation had offended her, he wouldn't care.
They'd propped him up by the time John got back, one of the paramedics and the other nurse bracing him as the doctor cleaned the wound, a look of intense concentration on her face.
It was a picture, which was somewhat surprising – Mycroft was usually not given to texting and especially not to picture texting. But the contents were not his usual fare, either.
drag me into this, and what would you prefer? That this Magnussen catches me unawares – or worse, that I somehow compromise you because you kept me in the dark?"
"More than one thing," John said and Doe gave him a puzzled glance. "Mind if I sit?" The injured man shook his head slowly and John settled into the padded chair. "I was shot, too. And I've been in the hospital more times than I care to remember."
John endured Mrs. Hudson's fussing with good humour, letting her fluff his pillows unnecessarily and tuck the afghan more securely around him. Sherlock watched with mostly hidden disapproval – because he'd just done the same thing ten minutes ago.
He didn't like that they weren't being charged with Riley's assault, but the injured man couldn't identify them.
Sherlock sipped his tea and didn't reply. Sam let himself out, locking the door again from the other side, and Sherlock listened to his tread on the stairs. A few minutes later, the front door open and shut again.
"Mm, I do know," John said. "Because she'd have cleared it with me first. Besides, you'd have said no anyway."
He could hear himself, dimly, voice already hoarse, his whole body taut. He never lasted long like this – he
It looked better than in the photo – someone had cleaned it up, so there was no blood on the forehead or matted in the hair, and the eyes were closed. John stared at the face for a moment, then took the sheet from Molly without comment and pulled it off, ignoring her startled gasp.
It was the rattle of the IV stand that tipped him off; John was in the middle of the familiar act of pulling the privacy curtain closed when he heard metal against metal and turned to Sherlock folding in on himself, one hand closed around the IV stand for support, but succeeding only in dragging it down with him.
"Finish your tea," Sandra continued. "I'm going to put the scones in the oven and then you're going to eat some of those, too. You've lost weight and you're exhausted. This will be easier to deal with if you take care of yourself. I'm a nurse, I would know."
John let a hand trail down again, cupping Sherlock's ass, thumb digging hard into dense muscle. Sherlock made a strangled sound at the back of his throat, hips pushing towards John of their own accord. The doctor smiled, a satisfied little twist of his lips, and cupped the back of Sherlock's neck, pulling him into a kiss.
If it came to it, if he was faced with whoever had hurt Sherlock, John didn’t trust himself to have any restraint.
“What hospital?” Lestrade asked, pulling the file back to him. He knew where she worked, but it would be useful if Mitchell didn’t know that. “And exactly where?”
Without clients being allowed to call, there were fewer cases available, and those that came via email or by the post were summarily dismissed. Part of John considered that getting new tenants for Mrs. Hudson's flat would help – although he couldn't imagine that anyone would stand up to an interview with Sherlock Holmes right now.
make a habit of shooting people I don't know because of some misplaced political idea or because I thought it might be a good career move!"
"I mean it. Both of us. No dramatic set ups, no heroic self-sacrifice. We're in this together, all the way to the end. Whatever's going on, we'll see it through. And win. Okay?"
"Keep talking," John whispered in return. "It's anchoring. We'll need to get him to a hospital as soon as possible but he needs to be back first. We can't move him if he doesn't know where he is. It will make things worse."
Mycroft raised his eyes from the phone, evaluating his location. He was in the atrium of the building in which they'd met, one of the many that served to house offices for MPs or various government functionaries as well as meeting rooms and storage for forgotten records. A non-descript government building filled with non-descript government employees.
"You can both take loads of photos," John said. "He'll definitely want to see all of them after we get home."
In a way, he supposed it was. Sherlock had turned his life upside down so entirely it still took him by surprise, and it was difficult – some days – to reconcile Bastion or the bedsit with the sprawling flat in the City that had so easily become home.
That was enough without breaking his already strained patience; Sherlock slipped the phone into his suit jacket pocket, slightly alarmed at the relief when John didn't reply further.
The engine was idling, the underlying petrol smell slightly stronger now. Tinted windows refracted interest but didn't eliminate visibility altogether; Sherlock could make out the shape of someone in the driver's seat. Ostensibly waiting on Sarraf's imposter. The train station was a ruse – with a touch of desperation but not without merit. The man the Met was looking for had no intentions of getting on a train. There was no security in leaving the city, at least not that way.
"He's in the hospital alone and he has no memory. If it were me, I'd be terrified. I just thought he might like a bit of company. It's almost the holidays. Can you imagine spending Christmas without your family?"
John's hard movements almost hurt, too much sensation after so much stimulation, but he wanted it, the near-pain keeping his mind from focusing on anything else as John's lips met his, clumsily, demanding, his muscles tensing as he came. Sherlock kissed back, swallowing John's low groan with one of his own as his partner collapsed, arms giving up his weight. He could feel the drumming of John's heart against his chest, pace matching his own, hot breath on his lips beginning to slow gradually.
"Before all this, when we were kids? What do you think, Gabe? Is it easier to think that things were better back then?"
"Your mother notwithstanding," Irene replied, an eyebrow twitching upward. "This is still your business."
John just shook his head, poking a piece of broccoli with his fork. Sherlock had been asking that for a week as well and had chased down every possible lead, no matter how insignificant it had seemed. He'd come up with the same result each time. Nothing. Yes, Mycroft and McKinney knew many of the same people but that was not surprising. They were both well connected in the government. But none of those links panned out into anything substantial. But someone had decided to try to eliminate both of them at once. He had failed, but in the end, their killer had murdered twenty-seven people outright and put another thirteen in hospital.
John kissed her forehead, glad he'd agreed all those years ago to be her legal guardian, so that if the unthinkable happened to Tricia and Henry, he could hold himself that promise, giving her the family she was used to, the love and comfort and familiarity she needed to feel secure.
Nursing and taking the tube to work were part of who Sandra was, and Gabriel had no desire for her to lose that just because she could be more comfortable.
"I'm going to fuck you," Sherlock whispered, breath hot against John's ear, the polished baritone contrasting with the words, and John groaned, managing a desperate nod. He was spun around before he knew it, giving him no time to resist the movement. The tube vanished briefly, long enough for skilled fingers to undo his jeans, letting them and his pants fall to his ankles. John spread his legs as best he could, forearms pressed against the wall, head hanging.
"If I'd known this before today, I wouldn't have," Sherlock replied crisply. "I'm not talking about myself. Look."
He risked a glance up to find her watching him warmly, sympathetically. It made him want to look away, to deny it, to ask her to stop. He swallowed on the words. Marian shook her head slightly and brushed a stray strand of hair behind her ears.
“I think rather a lot of people believe it,” Sherlock commented, voice low, taking on a familiar warmth. “No thanks to your blog.”
"That way leads back toward the building we've just come from," she said, pointing to their right. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, and Hassard shot him an annoyed look. "What, because you're the only one with a sense of direction?"
John jumped off the last few rungs of the scaffolding to the ground, crouching to cushion his impact, and swung his flashlight around, letting it cut a clear path for him. The silence had wrapped around him again, smothering and almost impenetrable except for the sound of his own harsh breathing, of blood pounding in his ears as the ringing from the gunfire faded.
Sherlock's heart lifted – such an oddly accurate description, because that's what it felt like – when his phone chimed with John's ring tone, but the text dashed his hopes.
Scars like that could be hidden by clothing, but even John Watson wouldn’t have failed to notice them.
His mind back under his control, Sherlock tested his hands, the sharp pull of adhesive against the fine hairs of his arm smarting. Hands bound behind his back made it impossible to remove the tape from his mouth, and his tongue and lips tasted of glue. He might be able to moisten it enough with saliva to get it to dissolve, but there was no point.
be bored. Although Bill was John’s friend and had saved John’s life – something for which Sherlock was grateful – he had never inspired much interest from Sherlock.
That sparked a simmering resentment that he knew was stupid – of all the things he could complain about in his life, this was hardly a hardship. In fact, he reminded himself, it wasn’t a hardship at all.
Mary doubted it was because of frequent custom. She'd checked up on him enough to know there was nothing untoward in his personal life, which she counted as a blessing. Those things could be managed, but, on the whole, she'd rather not.
"Veronique?" Female, late twenties or early thirties, definitely English – she was having troubles with the accents and emphasized syllables of the agent's first name. The speaker was vaguely familiar but not immediately identifiable. Her eyes narrowed as she felt a shiver of warning down her spine; this was someone who knew her personally.
The experimental set up needed more tweaking than normal, but he could begin to see the promise of it. Sherlock made notes as he went, quick, almost indecipherable code, with added comments about the viability of the process. It could be worth putting on his blog, and he certainly wanted more accuracy than John managed.
If his health had been her concern, she’d have been better off not inflicting the concussion in the first place.
"What did you get up to, then?" John asked. Sherlock let his eyes fall open again, hesitating before meeting John's gaze.
"She's much better since she met me," Lestrade replied, cocking a grin at Hassard's mock scowl. "I've got that effect on people."
"Yes," Sherlock said simply. Mycroft managed to arch an eyebrow again, a knowing look in his glassy eyes but Sherlock kept his expression blank. He had far more pull with medical decisions concerning his brother than he did with a stranger, and he knew Anthea had exerted her influence as well.
"Right, you did, congratulations," Bridget sighed. "Why have me bother with calling Mary if you already knew?"
As if to confirm this, Doe held up his left hand and studied his fingertips, a deep frown creasing his features.
He was a perfect gentleman – he'd paid for the film and their snacks and after, kissed her in the alley beside the cinema, which had been brilliant. His lips tasted like salt from the popcorn and sugar from his Coke. It was her first kiss. She thought it was perfect, the night was perfect, he was perfect. She remembered being seven and wanting a prince. She thought Matthew Demery could be a prince – he looked like one, with his beautiful hair and dark brown eyes and toned body. She thought that if he played rugby professionally, they would live in a big, fancy house and drive fancy cars and even have horses.
"I just wanted you to shoot him. Just shoot him. But then– I was scared that you would because there was something else– I don't know, I can't remember what. I remember saying something to you but I couldn't have. How could I have? He wouldn't have let me say anything. I remember he had my gun pressed against my neck and his hand in my hair, pulling my head back. I remember– I remember he kissed my neck and told you he'd enjoyed his day with me. I remember that because I was trying not to throw up. He– he just– "
Their bedroom was dark, the navy blue drapes that matched the duvet and linens were drawn over the windows. There was almost no light filtering in around the edges, so it was still early. He moved his eyes so he could just see the clock past Sandra's sleeping form. It was 4:57; the sun would not be up for another two hours.
"I doubt that, given how much you blog about it." He shuffled his hands into his pockets to hunch his shoulders and dip his chin. "At least you're bound to get a scathing commentary on the butchery you performed."
"Good," he said, putting a faint undercurrent of warning in his voice. Irene didn't fail to notice, arching an impeccably shaped eyebrow at him again, but said nothing.
The music stayed soft, winding from one melody to the next, and he began to feel sad. He opened his eyes again, thinking of everyone he knew. Mrs. Hudson having her niece and her family for the holidays. His mum with her sister at their cousin's in Lincoln. Tricia and Henry at home with their daughter. Bill and his family in Portsmouth with his in-laws. Lestrade at home with his wife and kids. Mycroft – John's lips twitched. Even Mycroft up in Buckinghamshire with William, Angela, and David.
Emergency treatment was one thing, but a man like Holmes wouldn’t stand for having the physical reminders of his captivity slashed across his body.
"Enough bloody hospitals," he said. "It's not as if I'm in danger of throwing myself from a bridge."
"Brilliant," the younger man said with a grin, and Sherlock was pleased by the ease in his friend's features, in his stance. He felt a momentary pang of envy; it would be a delicious treat to escape somewhere with John for two weeks, and he wondered if he could manage that. And how soon.
, Sherlock thought, fingers still weaving along the lines and curves of the wallpaper. It made some kind of basic biological sense. He would have conceded that, if it had only been that.
And Sherlock was asleep on the floor, leaning against the couch, his head slumped against his right arm, which was bent enough that his fingers had curled into his dark hair.
"Good," Sherlock murmured, distracted again, wandering off, getting no more than a few steps before calling John's name. With an apologetic look at Hassard, he fell into step behind the detective, who was moving slowly across the space between the service lift and the block that housed the main lifts and the stairs. Curious police officers watched them go by; John ignored them through practiced habit, knowing Sherlock noticed them only as potential obstacles – if at all.
