After a brief rest, the men began their journey again at dawn, the route before them becoming more and more familiar to John as the daylight increased.
He put his palms together, pointing at John like a prayer, his vision glazing. "A mutual coexistence of two unlike organisms which benefits both parties equally through individual means. Take for example the clownfish and the anemone; they rely on one another, though not obligatorily. They could choose to live separately, but their natural instinct is to seek out what the other can provide. The anemone provides a home and protection and the clownfish provides food. They exist /together/ while being biologically separate. There's a sort of co-evolution taking place between us John. I can feel it." He came sliding back into those hauntingly pale eyes. "If you're blind to such facts then you're even more of an idiot than I give you credit for."
He told Sherlock of how, to his utter mystification, he had managed to convince an army of serfs to fight against actual soldiers that were better trained, more highly skilled, and five times their paltry numbers, and how he still hadn't figured out how he'd done it in the first place.
It set John's teeth on edge.
These next words didn't come as easily as Sherlock would have thought. "I will make it up to you John."
But instead Sherlock was playing possum, simply waiting for John to make a decision since Sherlock's had been taken from him. And John was pretty sure Sherlock honestly didn't know how to respond to a possible dismissal when it came to things like this. So he'd made the first desperate move.
When he looked back up he noticed that Sherlock was eyeing a cluster of men chatting with the bartender at the end of the room, looking over John's head as if he were in the way. His voice took on a distance. "No, no. Jeremy and David seemed to be adequate enough for tonight, so. Here we are then."
"I didn't mean to lose myself so much."
When the door to the backroom opened, Sherlock went stiff as a post and John's throat went dry. For a second, the only sound in the room was the magazine sliding off Sherlock's lap and hitting the floor with a smack. But the dental assistant exiting simply tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and smiled cordially at them, walking right by to murmur quietly to the receptionist.
Almost as if he noticed what it was that he had revealed, Sherlock's shoulders softened and his face sobered immediately. His body becoming physically smaller as he took a step away, giving John space to stop tilting back over the chair.
"Oh." John said, already headed for Sherlock's chair because it faced the door and dragging a heavy text book into his lap. He found his bookmark and opened it to indulge in some light reading on the circulatory system. On the left page, there was a detailed black and white illustration of the human heart cloven wide. The artery and vein sprouting off from it alternately colored blue and red. It gave it a very simplistic beauty, in a way.
But still nothing.
It was easier now to lift his head with Sherlock turned toward the window and to take in the striking silhouette he made against the glass diamonds. He was a dark silhouette slicked down in all black silk.
They had known each other as children; the young Prince Sherlock having come often to call on the priest-in-training to have great debates concerning philosophy, religion, and alchemy and how it translated into the world around them. They could lose hours at a time in friendly discourse, wandering around the catacombs beneath St. Bartholomew's Church by candlelight or hiking the unexplored secrets of Baskerville Forest.
He stared at it for a long while, the entire thing only about eight inches in length, and shifted his elbows upon his knees, tilting the parchment a bit to find a better light. He cleared his throat and sat up until his scars pulled. Staring a bit more.
"Yes. Thank you." Sherlock finally snapped upright from the couch, moving to usher her out the door physically, to both John and Mrs. Hudson's surprise. "You've concluded your business. Go. Please. Now." And shut the door behind her retreating form as she bid them goodnight.
"Yeah." John said, going back to his food. Sarah had been nice, but the longer the relationship went on, the less and less she came around the flat. She would always ask that they meet up somewhere else, especially in public, reassuring that John would be sans Sherlock every time. Communication between them at work had dwindled as well until it was simple courtesies and platonic smiles.
He was barely aware of William lowering himself down on one knee next to him in a far more graceful way. He heard nothing but a high-pitched ringing until the moment when William began giving him a reputation that was a lie.
He is dressed in his coat and his scarf. Sporting a great purple bruise in the center of his forehead that's bled down into his eye and turned his socket dark. His eye seems to glow all the more brightly for it.
John chuckled, reaching for the closest item of clothing, which happened to be his own shirt wrinkled by the headboard, and wiped himself dry. "Current trends dictate that smoking's bad for you. So it's pretty obvious you don't keep up on them at all."
"Retention of its skin suggests the corpse has not been in the water all that long. Algor mortis has barely begun, so he's not been dead that long either, which immediately rules out accumulated gasses due to decomposing tissue. We're left with only one conclusion: and that is an excerebration.." Sherlock eyes lit up on the last word, seeming to glow.
The man's bright smile was stunning. "Book launch party, would you believe? My mates thought it'd be a good joke coming here, the fucking twats. I'm a writer. Used to be in advertising, but I've given that up recently. Well, it went under, technically. But it was a shite job anyway so, I'm taking my life in a new direction."
But he had not said a word.
Clearly, something malevolent was coalescing, like a thunder head rolling in, and they were all about to be privy to its vicious beauty.
"Improbable, Anderson." Sherlock corrected over his shoulder. "It's improbable."
The question surprised him and John turned his head, looking at Sherlock from the corner of his eye to answer somewhat shyly. "No."
"It's alright." John pulls him in and kisses him deliberately on his eye, causing his closing lashes to clip a tear down his sharp cheek. "I don't mind."
It was small as fuck and she'd been able to pull it with her '95 Vauxhall Corsa and Jesus if it doesn't look like the prettiest little sunshine yellow coffin he ever could have ever asked for.
But Sherlock lifted his arse and dropped it while John's hands were distracted, making John bless and curse the stars simultaneously as they pinwheeled on the back of his eyelids. His head rolled back and his vision exploded before him.
Moran had not dismounted, but pulled his helm from his head, revealing a handsome face striped with ragged scars and close cropped hair the color of snow. His silver armor had glinted in the sun, polished so brightly it seemed to sing. "I wish to speak to the Lord of the Manor. Do you know where I may find him?"
But what would happen to sweet William if John were to point him to the Lord's manor? William was now a consort to the Lord of the Manor. Surely such a precious creature would be snatched up by Moran's men and made an example of. John had heard quite enough about traitor's heads being put on spikes in the larger kingdoms to be wary of such pleasant outcomes.
And John Watson was glad for it.
So when Sherlock slid out of his coat and only seemed to grow more lean and lithe in the diamond light and when his soft lips curled up at John in a way that sent his stomach afloat, John had the sudden, wistful urge to reach out and take Sherlock's hand. To claim him.
As he finished describing all of his pertinent findings, Sherlock took up the gauntlet. "Alright Anderson, we've learned all we can from a /qualified/ professional's observations. Perhaps you'd like to share your details of the small part you played. You were the officer to take the call. Tell us precisely about how the head was found."
There it was. The moment in John's life that defined before an after; when time had whittled down to the meeting of man and bullet and divided his life into two epochs. The big bang where fate and circumstance had coalesced to set him on the path towards this ridiculous man.
"Which means that you are to keep him occupied and in good spirits at all times. He is never to fall into melancholy under any circumstances.
Not wanting to command a kingdom he had no interest in, however temporary (for he had no love of royalty) Sherlock had followed his heart instead of his head and refused him.
Without a second thought, John Watson is on his heels.
He could have wept with how delicately his new clothes held on to him and how much of a new man they made him feel.
It was to his sister Harriet and to her wife Clara to whom he owed his life, undoubtedly. They had nursed him back to health from the precipice of oblivion. Gave all that they had and more to see to his recuperation.
Sherlock had the decency to shut up then. Looking haggard and childish in the great swath of gauze wrapped around his forehead. His dark hair was smashed in wild ways around it, giving him the appearance of a worn out pirate. His thin chest and ribs flexed minutely in the crisp white lightbulbs of the vanity. His pale skin even paler than it ever had seemed.
John thrashed and cried out more loudly as Sherlock did it again, more insistent this time and this time John pressed  back towards him wantonly. "Hhmmmn. Sh'lock...please. Ah!" A sheen of sweat had broken out over his heaving chest. His cock weeping untouched against the soft curve of his clenched belly.
Pleased at more attention, Sherlock obliged. "It matters in that if he'd voluntarily thrown himself out into oncoming traffic, he still would have involuntarily reacted, put his hands out as he fell. Abrasions on his cheek and a lack thereof on his palms immediately disregard that as the case. He would have been more likely to have the grill strike him in a glancing way had it been of his own volition, but as IT and HE didn't, it makes more sense that he had fallen completely and not had the time nor mind to get back up. Thusly being RUN OVER.
Sherlock shrugged, shaking off the subtle affect the name had had. His voice dripped dangerously with sarcasm. "He's more than welcome to go after Moriarty himself if he's feeling so ambitious. After all, the British secret service can't seem to find him, so I'm sure the /smartest/ of the Scotland Yarders should be able to track him down...genius bunch that they are."
At the edge of each silver plate that was designed to butt up against another plate, the metal was gilt with the barest threads of gold. An effect that made each seam, when the full carapace was worn, seem to shine with an outward radiance.
"But how?" Sherlock frowned more deeply, clearly confused and angry about it. "It's not as if it's been consummated. I've no more rights to you than anyone else. What's to stop you from simply leaving?"
'Dinner?' he typed into his phone.
"What is it?" Sherlock asked finally.
He was looking at John with curiosity.
He makes sure to look into each of Sherlock's eyes. And says what he says every time they are to be apart now. So that it will never go unsaid between them ever again.
"No."
The moment they entered St. Bartholomew's Hospital, they became 'Sherlock & Watson: Consulting Detective and Doctor' and no one was any the wiser. John was glad that they had become easy enough roles to slip into.
John will not let this moment be wasted. "Do you want to...?"
John pursed his lips in consternation, looking down at his socks. "I believe I /did/ just finish telling you about my time in hospital where a bacteria almost /killed me/. So, yeah, it might a bit. But look, I'm not saying you can't do it at all. I'm just saying not here. Alright? Take your bacteria somewhere else."
"Sherlock?" John prompted, finally coming out into the sitting room with his own coffee in hand, ready to face the conundrum head-on. "Why you've brought so much bacteria into the flat?"
John blinked. Thrown off once more by this man and his odd questions. "No. Your Highness."
She sighs, but allows him to continue. "Yes. Go on."
A look of absolute ownership reigned in his painted eyes as they seemed to stare back into John's literal soul.
"Then what is it?"
Sherlock nods, closing his eyes and pressing his face into John's outer thigh. And finally, after too many days of turmoil, he relaxes his shoulders. "Agreed. I agree. Never again."
"You did." Sherlock said, dismounting from the bed.
Sherlock's sea glass eyes were staring off into the middle distance, getting concerned glances from Dr. Sipe and Ygritte every time they crossed their path and John did his best to simply shrug and implored them to ignore him, that he did this sort of thing all the time. Which was certainly true, but this particular severance of the detective from reality was putting John on edge.
"It does indeed." Sherlock said and then, surprisingly, let a soft smile grace his painted lips. His austere features in all that makeup softening handsomely. "John."
It was Marshal Moran who had the misfortune enough to come to Umberland of the North and pose his question: would the residents of Umberland of the North yeild? Or would they die?
"Yes." John's voice was raw. His eyes gummy with tears.
When he looks over he sees that Sherlock is taking off one of shoes and is a bit confused until he positions his stockinged foot against the side of John's ribcage for leverage and is grateful. Sherlock takes up John's limp hand and offers no countdown this time, only a quiet 'ready?' before he begins to pull.
The bone-meeting-bone THWACK! of their skulls colliding permeate the room. A perfect hit right to his crown makes  Sherlock go instantly limp and John grunts at the sudden weight sliding through his arms. It's a near thing that he doesn't drop him completely, but is able to muster enough strength through the pain in his forehead to help ease his lover down.
"Come up here." John said with a contented sigh, giving a beckoning squeeze to his metatarsals.
Falling deeper into his thoughts, John let the music wash over him while Mrs. Hudson obligingly moved off to the back rooms. He let his thoughts ebb and flow in the blossom of the music. Pretending he could understand what the man and the woman were singing about. Pretending they were answering his questions in a language he couldn't understand while he fell into the clutches of his exhaustion.
The crowd fell back into silence. Wiping the filth from their hands and the spit from their chins, they gathered up their children and spouses and returned to their houses in silence. As if they had not been there at all.
John caught the phone by utter necessity and oriented the screen, careful not to twist his ankle taking the rest blind.
He sighed and drew his hands to his belly, as if to protect himself from exposing too much. "There has been the rare occasion when I was inebriated, high, or emotionally compromised enough to circumvent my thoughts. The last occurring only once when I was desperate for Victor's affection at the end. But all other instances in between was myself being merely complicit.
Taking it all in, John couldn't help but lick his lips. This place was pure sinful luxury. Secret and small and definitely /definitely/ a place where a man as beautiful and exotic as Sherlock could have spent his time pulling other beautiful men night after night if he'd only been saddled with any other brain.
For a moment, John had been in awe. That Prince Sherlock would see fit to gift him such fine things after only one day of knowing him . . .
Sherlock crinkled his nose. "It was a gift, John. They were not meant for repayment. Besides, I--"
The second time was hardly more than a crackling wail and the small dribble of semen that came out was gathered up in John's fingers and fed into his mouth. And Sherlock, in sheer surprise, had chased the taste of his own spunk inside the confines of John's mouth.
"Lube. Get the lube."
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in borderline patience while John took another sip and pursed his lips as if to encourage the words to come, but only found his mind more slippery. He had no idea where to start.
And the enormity of it was all rather heartbreaking.
Sherlock cocked his head in interest. "She said those words specifically? That the head was found 'floating'?"
"Sherlock, please." John said more forcibly. "Put it back."
The crime scene itself, which was closer to the water's edge, was taped off with a handful of Public Support Officers standing idle about it. All of them watching Sherlock with piqued interest.
There was no response.
"It's not." The voice that came from himself was small and slightly foreign. "It's not my birthday." John inspected the box carefully before sliding his fingers under the tape and popping it loose. His official birthday was two months away still. He opened it carefully and peered inside.
And John's climax came to fruition.
Did John just say that he was ...extraordinary? How could that be? He was rude. He was arrogant. A spoilt, selfish, and cowardly craven. These were the things that Sherlock was. Not extraordinary. Surely not.
"So?" John finally spoke around a squelching dumpling, a healthy portion of naturally occurring MSG quickly consumed.
"But you slept on her sofa just the other night. And she's called you four times since then." Sherlock said evenly.
"Ones where you made the conscious decision to consider interminable monogamy with someone."
But when John's vision cleared and he could take in the truth of what was before him, he was immediately convinced that this man meant him no harm. For he looked nothing like Moran. In fact, he was in every way the opposite.
"I thought you were my partner." Sherlock grumbled, taking the soft heavy clothes John had produced from the bag in exchange. "All you seem to be doing is a decidedly good impression of a mother hen."
"No." Sherlock agreed, shaking his head. He caught John's eye before his long fingers settled gently on John's waist, fingers teasing at the top of his braies. Perhaps as a means to distract him, Sherlock bent forward and pressed his rouged lips to John's. The lightest, most hesitant of kisses connected them as he slid the small sheath of fabric down John's thighs and let them fall to his ankles.
John's head lolls back with the motion of walking and something about being physically manhandled out of a dark garage and suddenly into the most opulent hallway he's ever seen through a secret door that's hidden behind a twelve foot portrait is more than a bit discombobulating. Even if he had been sober.
"/Viruses./ John. Honestly." Sherlock rumbled, inching up the telly's volume a couple bars more. As if to drown out John's indignation.
And without a thought, without focus, without HIM, John's body moved. Working a tight and frantic rhythm between those two glorious hands. His hips thumped against the vanity, his eyes threatening to close as his moans vibrated with ardour.
Just as Sherlock had thought, John pulled back in genuine surprise. "How did you-?"
A small sound interrupted them and Sherlock located his phone. "Lorazepam, excellent!"
The rolling waves of guilt coming off the doctor were nearly noxious, bombarding Sherlock in his proximity and causing something desperate like sympathy to awaken inside him.
"Right. Oh, and uh John. If you could pass it along to Sherlock that if he bloody breaks your heart, I have your permission to knock his arse out the minute I find out, that would be great." Lestrade raised his cup in salute and grimaced behind a burnt tongue, appreciating John's surprised laugh. "You'll be wanting to keep it quiet I expect? For now anyway."
John tipped his chin higher, acquiescing with every tremulous atom of his being. Sherlock's breath was hot and damp  on his face. "Yes..."
John had slipped his hand across the smooth curved plate of the cuirass where the golden basilisk writhed, instinctively recalling the heavy weight of it hugging his chest. He could feel once more how the large lamellar pauldrons had pressed into his shoulders. Recalled  vividly how the gold-knuckled gauntlets had clicked as they shifted around his closing fists.
The gauze from last night that had been wrapped around his head was gone, his mop of dark curls lying perfectly on his head like there was no injury to speak of at all. Sherlock shifted on his ankles under his scrutiny, "I minimized the bandaging to a more appropriate size. I can't go around London looking like a mummy, John. I have a reputation to keep." His light eyes were pleading. It wasn't what he wanted to discuss right now. "Will you come with me?"
And it had only taken three months for it to kill her.
"I know what the second law /is/, I just don't know how it applies to..."
But Sherlock did.
Above them the house music had paused to have a girl scream "oh my god!" and immediately the room went black, pulsing disorientingly with nothing but a strobe light choreographed to go off when the music changed.
"You're looking well." William had said, breaking the silence. His eyes had shone with pride as he gave John a once-over, only giving him a hint of that devastating smile that had warmed John on countless occasions like the sun.
He picked up the mysterious rock and weighed it in his hand, trying to make sense of it all. He felt overwhelmed. All these things and people crowding in around him like he had all the answers to questions he hadn't even known existed. When all the while he just wanted answers from them.
The door cracked open and a thin hand shot out, snapping impatiently when he didn't hand it over fast enough. A moment later it was shoved back under the door. "I've no idea. Now would you mind leaving me alone?" His tone was cutting and absolutely finite.
John hissed a laugh through his nose, shaking his head in disbelief. He called over his shoulder. "Yes, Mrs. Hudson. Be there in a minute." Then he put his forehead against the door, trying to keep the frustration from his voice. "I suppose you can always just tell Lestrade himself, whatever it is you know. You don't need me, clearly, so I'll give you some space. Much as you need." He couldn't help the lance of worry that pierced through his gut and added, "if it was something that I did that made you feel like this, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...whatever it was..." but he was clearly speaking to an empty room.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and smirked as though he'd seen inside his head. "In what capacity could it not go well?"
After that, the flat fell into silence. John stood in place for a long while, far enough away it seemed not to disturb Sherlock's pout and resumed his previous position of staring at the head the world's stroppyist Consulting Detective.
Sherlock was breathing loudly through his mouth now, temples crinkled beneath the forearm thrown over his eyes, only occasionally tipping up his neck to mark John's progress and he moved down, down, down.
So he blinks, then blinks again, clearing the last tendrils of the nightmare from his mind while calmly taking in the fist-sized depression now decorating the wall just below Sherlock's picture frame of flies and larvae. He stands stunned for only a moment when he finds his hands empty.
They were in the presence of a murder suspect for Christ's sake! For all the times to shut down--
Slowly, as if through a fog, something plucked persistently at his focus. It was soft and sharp as it peeled back the layers of sickness and made itself be known. It was coming from downstairs ...something ...nice. John pressed himself up, leaning an ear towards the door. Yes it was. Sherlock was playing his violin.
John turned his gaze back to Lestrade and shook his head minutely, conveying what he could without speaking. He'd noticed Molly's infatuation with Sherlock almost from the beginning, and it would kill him to break her heart. Lestrade seemed to understand and deflated around his shock, though his face remained mostly agog.
John had agreed and had a difficult time waving down his own taxi.
John got shakily to his feet. If he was going to be awake, he was going to have something to be awake for. He was no longer angry, too ill to have any energy to hold any sort of grudge anymore. He made his way slowly down the stairs, sliding against the wall for balance. He had to rest at the landing, breathing heavily from his mouth, before forcing himself onward.
"Your pleasure is yours to take, John." Sherlock whispered deeply. "All you have to do is take it."
(See the end of the chapter for
And to make the matter even more bizarre, he was to take a companion with him. To uproot his 'most trusted' acquaintance and have them tag along for what was to be a strange and mysterious journey. . .
"Excellent. It's just this little plastic bit that goes right over your nose, won't touch your mouth at all. Very minimal." He lifted a soft green cup that looked almost like a small muzzle, holding it out in front of his face to demonstrate where it would go.
"No." Sherlock flushed pink with embarrassment. Caught out. Taking a steeling breath he stood up straight, looking John directly into the eyes. "John I--, I feel that this would be an opportune time to... I believe I have come to the conclusion that there are certain aspects of my life that I would like to share with you in an effort strengthen our relationship so that we may take things forward. I encourage your own input as well. I am interested to know whatever it is you wish to tell me. And clearly, I mean those facts that are not readily available for me to deduce. That is, if you're not too fatigued."
Any attempt to gain access to the castle from the South by an invading army would be immediately thwarted if Appledore chose to bring down these columns. And with an entrance so small as to only allow six people abreast (or three upon horseback) to enter at one time, the rest of the waiting army could only hope not to be picked off as Appledore's archers rained down arrows and molten metal from the dead ground above.
"Uh...a mess?" Lestrade stated lamely and Sherlock didn't even bother to give him an eye roll, his gaze was locked fixedly on John, willing him to be the more observant one. John set down the remaining coffees on the counter in order to be able to focus better. "Um," he followed the progression of the organs from the top down, hoping something would simply jump out at him.
"There's to be a televised breaking news conference in approximately two minutes," Sherlock referenced his watch before jumping to his feet, his movement causing John to startle from his contemplation. He made towards the sitting room with his coffee. "We should be ready."
Upon entering, John had to take pause. For he was struck once again by the ethereal beauty that was Prince Sherlock and he imagined he would be struck each and every time he laid eyes upon the man. But at least this time, he was ready enough for it that he didn't fall to his knees.
Seeing no trepidation in the awed wrinkles of John's soft brow, another of Sherlock's defenses came down and he smirked, shrugging nonchalantly. "More an acquaintance."
These two men had been in love.
That despite the seemingly endless cups of cloying tea Sherlock brought him, they were always being paired with a packet of bland digestives that were sure not to upset John's delicate stomach. And even though Sherlock mostly kept his distance, allowing John's anger to do what it would, there was always a measured dose of Comvita Propolis Elixir waiting for him when it was time for his next top up and a new loo roll whenever he needed it.
Another retraction, lubrication, and reinsertion, this time with both fingers, and John was quivering beneath him, around him. Sweat pearling up on his crinkled forehead. His darkened cock at full extension, jutting up into the air, weeping at every errant brush of Sherlock's shoulder as he worked his hand clear down to his true knuckles. Lost in the sounds John was making. The sheer abandonment of decorum. Pared down to nothing more than the base need of /want/.
John shook his head indulgingly and leafed through several pages of statistics before setting them aside and reaching for the medical reports he still needed to sign.
"But I didn't—"
But Mycroft shook his head. "Nothing for the time being. Sherlock is incommunicado in Switzerland in order to ensure he's not easily tracked. Aside from myself, only three of my most trustworthy colleagues are aware of his actual location. I'll sit down with Anthea right away and decide who can take over the task of transporting him back. I think..." Mycroft glanced at his wristwatch. "We should have completed all of the necessary preparations in three hours at the latest, meaning he could be back in London as early as tonight."
He could tell John was hesitating. Probably trying to understand what was going on at the other end of the line, and what Sherlock wanted from him. "Speak clearly," he eventually muttered.
"Ready?" John asked.
******
Sherlock made a sound of affirmation, got up, and gathered up his clothes so he could get dressed. He slipped into his pants and pulled his black jeans up over his long legs.
Thinking fast, John grabbed Victor's wrists and held them down to the floor. He pushed Victor's thighs apart with his shins in order to reduce his mobility. John's heart was racing and his lungs were on fire. It had been a long time since he'd felt this alive. Pain sizzled through his taut muscles, but at least the thick fog of alcohol was beginning to lift in his head.
"Yes, but I don't want you to tell that tub of lard. It's... It's none of his business, all right?"
He meant it sincerely, especially since his way of thinking had changed regarding any expectations of omega behaviour. Of course he regretted the fact that he wouldn't be enjoying such delicious food on a regular basis, but maybe it was better this way. After all, he had no interest in ever getting as fat as Jean-Baptiste's alpha.
Then there were those omegas whose partner cheated on or left them. The cuckolded partner always had a harder time of it than the cheater; after all, omegas were much more sensitive than alphas. Even so, it was rare for a bond to be broken, since the chemical sledgehammer that was necessary for the process was so potent that both partners suffered greatly, and could even die.
"Yes... Mycroft... I've got it." Sherlock ended the call, closed the phone, and handed it to Mrs Holmes. Her alert, concerned eyes rested on her youngest son for a long time before she reached for his arm and gently rubbed it.
"Do you mean to tell me you don't love me? I expected more from you, doc!" Victor sighed in a theatrical manner, sending John an accusing look.
"Hungry? Wait a mo', I'll just get dressed and then we can see if we can rustle something up."
"To have fun? To do something together... something both people enjoy..." Victor tried to explain, well aware how hollow the answer sounded.
It took a few minutes before they'd cleaned up the aftermath of their lovemaking and settled down together snuggled up under the blanket.
Sunshine and sand, fire and smoke. But also serenity – like the reflective surface of a mountain lake. Water. Wood and moss. There were so many contradictions, it was driving Sherlock mad.
"Don't be ridiculous! What are you going to do? You have no idea... Augustus wrote me off a long time ago, and it looks like he's finally found a suitable replacement," Sebastian said with a significant nod in Sherlock's direction. "Even if that wasn't your intention... He's scented blood and he'll do whatever it takes to get his hands on you. Your alpha is powerless against him."
"Lord Augustus Moran the third? Of course that means something to me."
He set the teacup down on the table in front of Victor, who had sat down across from Greg, and leaned back against the counter. Greg's bewilderment at this meeting was written all over his face, but as was to be expected, Victor didn't let himself be bothered by it. He serenely stirred milk and sugar into his tea, reached for the paper bag, and handed it to John.
John slid off the seat of the chair, knelt down on the carpet in front of Sherlock, and clasped his hands. "What's wrong? What's happened?"
Sherlock was also a sight to behold. His hair was wild, his pupils dilated wide. His lips, glistening wetly and already slightly swollen, encircled John's erection over and over, dotting random kisses and serving as advance and rear guard for his teeth and tongue.
That evening, less than 24 hours before they were to set out for Notting Hill, they went over the details one last time.
"Trevor truly seems to be the only person with whom John exchanges more than a word or two outside of the clinic. Remarkable, when one considers the conflict of interest caused by his relationship with you."
"You hung up when I said your name, when I wanted to explain everything," Sherlock continues, "A part of me hoped you would come to me, but..." Sherlock snorts softly, resignedly. "I was wrong."
"I don't feel much in that spot," John confesses, stroking Sherlock's wild curls. Watery blue eyes look up at him and they are so full of unfiltered emotions that John has to swallow hard.
John had pushed his arms up underneath Sherlock's knees to take some of the weight off him, to keep him grounded and prevent him from flying apart.
"Okay, okay," John said, putting the dumpling into his own mouth which he'd been about to drop onto Sherlock's plate. "Should we take the rest with us? This is probably enough to last us for two days..."
Slowly, almost reverently, Sherlock slid Victor's jeans past his hips and pushed them down his legs until they pooled in a heap at his feat. Using his nose, his lips, and the tip of his tongue, he nudged Victor's erection beneath the last layer of material before shoving his hands inside and finally removing Victor's underpants as well.
"And who's supposed to work the case now? What's going to happen to Sebastian Moran?!"
"That's not generally the way serial killers work, Sally," Sherlock said and glanced over at John, who was sitting in his armchair with that day's paper held open in front of him. However, instead of reading, he was eavesdropping on the conversation – Sherlock could tell by his lack of eye movement. He got Sally to promise to report back if there was any news, and rang off.
"Er..."
"I'm glad." Sherlock
Sherlock's face was no more than a flat mask. Cold crept through his veins, clawed its way into his guts, and stole the breath from his lungs. He felt as if he were splintering into tiny pieces and falling apart; he had to look away in order not to allow any insights into what was going on inside him.
Sherlock strengthened his grip on Victor and tried to get his emotions under control. Buttery soft leather brushed his damp cheek in a cool caress. "You can't forgive me for that..." he protested weakly, shaking his head against the crook of Victor's neck.
"Shh..." Victor hissed with a mischievous grin and nibbled his way down Tom's neck to his collarbone, where he greedily suckled the skin there in between his teeth, then licked back up his neck to capture Tom's earlobe. He slid one of his legs in between Tom's, pressing his thigh against Tom's groin in silent demand.
"Good morning, Mum." John came into the kitchen and gave his mother a quick smile, only to promptly turn to Sherlock and wrap an arm around his hip. He pulled him close and dropped a kiss on his cheek. "Thanks," he whispered and nodded toward the breakfast. "Just the way I like it."
"And bring it with us to the Yard? Best not, John," Sherlock replied with a smile.
"With tongue?" John asks skeptically, but Sherlock rolls his eyes in annoyance.
"Coming?"
I came. I'm sorry... I wouldn't have... I didn't know..."
"Come, Sherlock... let's ride behind them," Mycroft suggested quietly, and nudged his little brother out of the church with a gentle touch.
"That seems quite short notice... A last-minute invitation, as if they hadn't even planned to send one if you hadn't recently contacted them," Sherlock pointed out, making a dismissive gesture. He was painfully aware of the fact that he was the reason John had contacted Bill and Cilia. If he hadn't insisted that John resume communication with his family and small circle of friends, the invitation would probably never have been sent. The irony was bitter and difficult to swallow.
John heaved a sigh of relief. It had been a long time since he'd been able to simply enjoy himself. Without pain or viciously cycling thoughts. Without the deep abyss lurking behind his eyelids. It was the first time since Sherlock's death that he saw a glimmer of hope for a normal life. A life he could lead without Sherlock.
John shook his head incredulously. The smile didn't disappear from his face, but it didn't reflect any joy. "And you think it's that easy?"
He inhaled the child's scent, taking note of the mingling of Mycroft's and Anthea's own personal compositions, and on top of that something entirely novel. Something warm, gentle, and adventurous.
"You're funny, clever, and self-sacrificing. And you're
, just gagging for it."
"Where are you going?!"
They decided to make a quick pit stop along the way to have something to eat. John still doubted he'd be able to get anything down, but he wanted to give it a go at least. They stopped near a place selling fish and chips, got a corner seat, and each ordered a serving with a drink.
If Molly's face was pink before, it now turned bright red. She spilled some of the hot water onto the counter before collecting herself enough to set the kettle back on the heating element.
"I'm not sure." Sherlock straightened up and pushed his unruly curls off his face, ruffled them on the back of his head, and sighed.
Christmas passed by completely uneventfully, as expected. John bought himself some takeout from the Chinese place on the corner and ate it in front of the television. It was eerily quiet inside the flat.
"You must have been quite popular." The bitterness in Sherlock's voice was unmistakable.
"Every time I got intimate with someone, it just felt wrong."
"I need a pair of sunglasses," Victor announced, blowing a stray lock of hair off his forehead.
"Looks like he's developing splendidly," Sherlock said after a while.
Whether Afghanistan or England, alpha or omega: he was small and helpless down here. Unimportant. Unloved. Unwanted by his other half.
John stared breathlessly at Mycroft until he gave a barely perceptible nod.
"John!" he cried out frantically, shocked at the broken sound of his own voice.
"Ex?" John asked automatically as he tried to process all of the swirling thoughts and information Greg had dumped on him in such a short time.
"Why do you want it, John? Why do you want to be with me?" Sherlock asked, and felt his stomach clench uncomfortably. He couldn't even begin to count how many times he'd asked himself that very question over the past few days and weeks. But he needed certainty. "You know I don't want a classic bond. I made that clear from the start."
Sherlock nodded and gave a brief, succinct summary of his meeting with Amalia, Richard, and Sebastian. He mentioned that the latter had joined them at the end, and in what condition he'd been.
John sighed and rubbed his palms against his thighs before adjusting his half-hard dick through his pyjama trousers. He'd been aroused for hours now, but neither a hurried jerk in the shower nor the gruesome descriptions of the various killings in the documentary had mitigated his condition. John was just wondering whether he should use the break to go upstairs to masturbate again, when he heard a glass break in the sink and Sherlock moan loudly. Before he could even ask what had happened, a wave of Sherlock's scent flooded John's senses. He sprang to his feet, shook off his dressing gown, and tore off his t-shirt before he'd even made it to the kitchen.
"Not to worry love, but I did want to speak with you about something else; I know we didn't discuss a contract before you moved in. But I would have thought maybe Sherlock would have told you. Well anyway, I have a strict no pet policy John. I'll need that beast out of here quick as you can."
"Poignant observation John, as ever." Sherlock said brightly, too excited to chastise him. He was sitting on his haunches, careful to keep his knees and bum off the ground. His coat had been unbuttoned to keep from impeding his work, and its tail wound around atop his lap to keep it from the mud. He craned over the head once again, leaning in as much as his tight trousers would allow him, which meant that his long legs were being spread incredibly wide, pulling the fabric taut over his crotch.
Light eyes finally flashed in his direction. "What? Why?"
The tunic was long and form fitting, hugging his every curve before flaring at his hips like a gown and it did not end until it reached his booted ankles. It was edged in the same gold border as the sash bound around his slim waist and seemed to give a barrier to the intricate pattern of small golden basilisks that were embroidered by the finest hand throughout the fabric.
"I do. I understand."
"I don't know, perhaps I had assumed you were still ...going steady? Or whatever the parlance is these days."
But the only time there'd ever been the want of having a lover, had been in a time and place that made it impossible.
Maybe Sherlock just took longer to get worked up, which was fine. It took him ages to realize his body was screaming for sustenance and rest after all, so what was one more denial? Nothing to worry about. They were on a case, after all. He'd made that point very clear. Don't confuse assumptions with facts. That was the number one rule.
"There's no point in taking them to the kitchen. They're already up here." Sherlock mumbled into his folded arms. He let John catch hold of his ankle and enjoyed the feeling of John's thumb pressing lazy Morse code against the end of his fibula:
"So is there any particular reason why you felt the need to replace our flu medicine?" He asks nonchalantly as they're moving into Sherlock's bedroom. Sherlock takes care to see to John first -- helping him out of his vest and stripping him of the track pants Mycroft had provided to them while they'd been in hospital until he is down to his white cotton pants -- before peeling himself down to his own pair of silk black boxer briefs that hug all his curves without any hope left for imagination.
John's fingers curled tight around the counter's edge, needing a firmer grip as those longer, more practiced fingers never stopped in their long slow slide up inside him, piercing all the way up to Sherlock's true knuckles before stopping.
When he looked up, Sherlock was walking away. The iron curtain of his indifference had been raised once again, crashing down between them in an effort in protection, but for whom it was unclear.
"I was in the neighborhood. Thought I'd drop by."
Not sure a ribbing was the best choice in prompting dialogue, John trundled on. "I'm not saying I mind, but I'd just...it's a bit...I WANT to help you, Sherlock. However I can. If I can. But you have to tell me. Just talk to me. What's going on?"
"Ready?" Sherlock asks, somewhat timidly. And John has only to nod and spread his legs to feel all his need siphon down into his lower belly.
in case you were interested in the song John listens to in his office it's this one: http://m.youtube.com/?#/watch?v=p5i_H5CPRJ8
He dropped himself back down. "Go away." He mumbled into the drool spot on the pillow, before flipping the entire thing over and turning his back pointedly to the crouching detective.
He turned suddenly and John's eyes became trapped in his.
"He--" John faltered, trying to come up with words that would adequately describe such a creature as unfathomable as Sherlock. "I don't know yet."
"You just had to go and do it, didn't you? Couldn't have left the grumpy old bastard alone."
They had been sketched looking down upon the High Steward in a way that John had never seen them look in any of the brief moments he had seen these two men together.
He watched as the little creature caught itself in the air so easily, righted its wobble in the tenacious cross wind, flared its wings wide to swoop back towards the ground and was immediately snatched from the sky by a kestrel twice its size.
John, blinked, then blinked again, and in that moment of John realizing what he had just confessed, Sherlock gained intimate knowledge at just how quickly discomfiture could overtake a man's face.
"CERTAIN?! Certain about what? That you could take my clothes...that you could take my ID card and give them to another man who looked just enough like me to get him bloody well /killed/ for sport? So you could prove you're clever! Lestrade just told me that the CCTV footage shows a tall man in a dark coat -- positively identified as YOU, walking with another man down Gloucester, before you LEAVE HIM ALONE to be jumped and bloody fucking /eviscerated/ in the street..."
For Sherlock, it was much easier to eat the remainders of his meal with John's body not nearly so close to him. Every second that passed made the prospect of tonight loom larger and larger until it was almost the only thing Sherlock could think about. And it terrified him that the bold invitation he'd so carelessly said yesterday with John in the bath was beginning to wither in the face of it actually coming to pass.
"We had to chuck what was left of him in the bin and send him down to the furnace. There wasn't really a choice. He made an awful mess."
"Yes my Lord." John nodded and took up a stiff position. One as befitting of a Captain as he could manage.
He found Sherlock seated at the dining room table, straight-backed and peering imperiously down into his microscope. Taking time to notice the tilting pile of petri dishes stacked near his elbow. If only because their gelatinous red agar appeared to be colonized by something particularly furry and the topmost dish looked rather nefarious with a scalpel balanced across its open face. As it had just received a thorough scraping for transfer to a slide.
"Of course I do. But apparently not from a credible source. What about after that? Tell me about that. I want to know everything." Sherlock persisted, almost giddy with interest. There was no derision in his voice. No wrath.
John came abreast to the coat check just as a lone man at the bar was angling towards speaking to Sherlock, slipping right between them and leveling an impressive scowl which sent the man immediately tipping straight back to where he had come from.
"Anything." He licked his lips as a mass of condensation drooled down the hot mirrored glass in front of him. "I'm ...fingers. Sherlock. Please." He couldn't bother to be mortified by his diction. He was absolutely done with talking.
It was the only other thing on his body that he hadn't come into the world with, which was a bit ironic, considering it was very nearly the thing that had tried to take him out. He knew Sherlock had seen it, despite what he said about the tattoo. And he'd fallen asleep roving through all the different questions and statements Sherlock might be behooved to send his way come morning.
He snapped awake. Disoriented. Wondering what had brought him here. "Was I just snoring?" There was a disheveled detective lying beside him, watching him very closely with pale, gravitational eyes. John felt incredibly tired and incredibly relaxed.
Sherlock cleared his throat, a bit uncomfortable now. "Come over here and I'll show you."
"Of course I can. I made it up the stairs didn't I? Ah!" His feet bumbled on the carpet, nearly pitched them both on the threshold to the kitchen, before John finally sat him down on the closed toilet seat. He put his kit across the sink and began unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt, counting the bloodied silk as a loss.
She'd always had a fondness for war stories and for believing herself the heroine in them all. And she had told Sherlock this particular one to assure him that the War would soon be over, that Moriarty was as good as on the retreat, and that he would not have to wait long for her to return, as she was going to serve his brother King on the battlefield.
"Yes my Lord." John said. He practically shivered with excitement. WHOLE days left alone with Sherlock. It was unfathomable.
He coaxed Sherlock up into a sitting position with a hiss from the pale detective. There was blood on the armrest and John set his jaw and swept back the hair from the left side of his face. "Jesus Christ Sherlock!" He bellowed at the sight of it. "What the fuck happened?"
But his initial despondency had been met only with another round of unflappable support that finally had him resigned enough to know that there would be no getting out of this. If the King's decree itself had not been enough to convince him; then the Watson womens' combined convictions were resolute. No one could have hopes against them.
John stiffened. Panic licking up his spine. Surely the High Steward couldn't know that he'd been trying to get into Baskerville Forest. Had he been watching him?
But this was strange. Two thousand...cash? Why?
It was a long while before he let his hand drop. Apparently having seen all there was to see of the (to John) unremarkable vial. It ended up being swallowed by his palm as he set his fists against the sill.
"So what makes this one so important?" John didn't recognize half of those animals.
"It's only that there's a client out in our sitting room and you're trying to avoid him."
When they finally reach 221B, John's legs are close to jelly and he feels alarmingly faint, but he stubbornly refuses the offer to go lie down in bed. If they're going to settle this uneasiness between them, they're going to do it in a way that doesn't make John feel like an invalid.
Being dismissed, though knowing it was on good terms, John wet his lips with his tongue and bowed at the waist, knowing the entire time that Sherlock was looking at him through the reflection of the glass. "Good day. Sherlock."
The decree stated that should the King of Appledore die in battle; High Steward Charles was to marry Prince Sherlock within three days. No expenses spared. The only stipulation being that should Sherlock agree to the marriage while Mycroft still lived, that too would be granted.
"When someone gets hit, it's always the same sound. You never forget it. Bullet hitting meat." John's face twisted as he re-heard it within his head, reliving countless memories of that very particular sound. "At the time, it was weird; because I knew it, but I didn't believe it.
But John's wondrous eyes were now riveted to the apparatus. "What is that?" He asked, almost with a child's sense of wonder. Never having seen its like before.
"We may only have tonight." Sherlock said in return. He wanted to make a comment about how much forethought he had put into tonight and what a waste in would be to not utilize having drugged the High Steward, but he could see it in John's face that for all his gallantry, he was not outright turning Sherlock down.
Amused and intrigued, Sherlock looked him over, reading him the way he'd done so many times before, but now to the freshly peeled back layer of naked John held on display.
"Oh please! That would be lovely!" Molly acquiesced. "Heavy on the milk and lots and lots of sugar for me. 'Til the spoon stands up' like my dad use to say."
"As happy as you?" John had said, quite without intending to. Drowning in the smell of William that he'd come so well to know.
"Please John...please! I need-- give me this. Just this." Sherlock's broken voice was pitching between desperation and demand, his hands kneading the chair back in a way that actually made the old fabric give a terrible rending noise, which correlated simultaneously with the feeling in John's heart at the pleading in his voice.
"Perhaps you are being resurrected."
Because John's shoulder is suddenly on FIRE.
Truly terrible.
"Pretty quick turn around for a jilted lover." Lestrade interjected.
He found his feet headed contradictorily towards the suggested skip, however, taking the alley to the parallel road and trying diligently not to come to terms with the fact that his flatmate was surreptitiously stalking him through the location of his phone's GPS. Something he'd insisted on after the pool incident.
His chest and neck were draped with the same thousand pearl collar he had worn the day before and his powdered, coaled, and rouge-painted face looked somber but not displeased.
His beard had grown out when he had become a drunk, not long after the love his life had left him. And during his convalescence after the Battle for Umberland of the North neither of the  women were willing to allow a barber-surgeon to come anywhere near him (despite the fact that they were the only ones in the village that had the sharpest blades around).
Sherlock did not move.
In repentance, Sherlock climbed his obliques like cobblestone steps and made John's soft chuckle strike up into a harsh gasp when he took a soft bite around his areola and laved. John's fingers tightened spasmodically into Sherlock's jawbone, little fingers stroking into his artery before being forced to still. Repositioning and adjusting. But never, ever leaving.
"You." John started with, because they both knew. And the moment he said it Sherlock lowered his gaze again.
"Yes."
And lets fly.
"No! I mean---yes. Your Highness. I can speak." John's voice was thin when it emerged. But his answer did finally please.
And somewhere in his fading focus, John registered that what had once been two fingers piercing him soundly had now turned into three, triangle-tipped, and giving his hole a sharp little tug of fullness whenever he met the base of his fingers, which with each press backward to impale himself upon, was deliciously tempered with Sherlock adding a scandalous twist to his cockhead.
"You will not interfere with my feelings on it. Just as it will not interfere with my feelings about you. These things are to remain separate within me. You have to understand that."
"That card, given to you by the Japanese Chairman. Do you remember it?"
without further ado, enjoy. :}
wow. bet you thought i was dead huh? :} well i'm not. and neither is the story. i've been thinking about it lately and am pleased to say that i'd like to get back into writing it hopefully until it's finished. thanks for the support. sorry it took me so long to love this again.
It felt glorious, how the silken hose rolled so smoothly up his muscled thighs. How delicious it was to tuck himself into his new braies and not be scratched by them. How it changed his entire posture to don the velvet doublet and cinch the belt, before sliding into the cloak.
Sherlock felt the cold stones beneath his feet in contrast to the re-lit fire in his hearth rolling across his flesh as he was led to the tub. His skin tempering in the warm water as he dipped himself inside his bath barrel, tucking up his long limbs like a desiccated spider. Folding his arms around his shins and looking back out the window.
John was panting somewhere above him now, eyes closed, head thrown back. His hand was tunneled through Sherlock's hair, clenching and flexing, but splaying loose in an attempt to not hurt him. And all of it solicited orally by Sherlock's heuristic personality, making Sherlock smirk.
Until King Mycroft of Castle Appledore came to meet him.
When the kettle clicked off, he pulled out a mug for Sherlock and made it to his liking. He knocked on the door again, not even sure if he was really in there as there was absolutely no sound. The man could've not even come back here and just left is bedside lamp on for all John knew.
"I located it when we were kissing just now." Sherlock said coolly, his face a smooth blade of composure as they made it out into the hall. And John snorted in disbelief. That's why he'd been so tenacious with his kissing. The bastard.
"I've discovered I like the taste of your ejaculate..." Sherlock shrugs as if this is no great deal. Tongue rudely continuing. And there's just enough gargle in his voice to make John realize that he's holding some of the come his mouth. To /savour/.
John shook his head, moving over to the new windows, deciding that they were brighter and far clearer than the previous ones had been. The predawn light painted Baker Street in a soft glow, sparkling in the faint layer of frost that had taken over the frigid metal of parked cars, street lamps, and CCTV cameras. He held up his hand and felt absolutely no draft.
He toiled gladly under his burden now.
"After, when she got the cuff deflated and the rest of the tube out, she told me that all I did was sit there and scream at the top of my lungs for Bill. As much as I could given the state of me. Just repeating his name over and over and over again. Just ...yelling for him."
Take it easy baby, let them say what they will.
She only gave a moment's pause to the pregnant silence filling the flat, looking back and forth between the men before she reached out and gave Sherlock's arm an affectionate squeeze. "It appears I've interrupted something. I'm very sorry, but we really must be going. John dear, are you ready? Oh my! You've spilled your tea."
Sherlock drug his hand down through the lacquered cum on John's peach fuzz belly, through the thick hair of his pelvis, around the side of his imminent erection, and down against the spread cleft of his arse. Reveling in the familiar  topographical difference between smooth perineum and the sudden scrub of wheat-colored curls that grew around the winking clutch of his anus. Still murky with Sherlock's saliva from the time before.
It felt as though his head had just hit the pillow before William was shaking John awake the next morning. And he came to with an abject groan.
Sherlock plucks up enough effort to kiss John's shoulder. Sliding his hand carefully into the fingers that poke out from John's cast and winding them together. "And what drink would you raise if you could? Tea?"
"Then why'd you take it!?"
"Then go join her DOWNSTAIRS. I can't have you two prattling on ad nauseam while I'm trying to think."
'Don't be petty John. This is important.' - SH
John's brain is a cacophony of alarms and words /poisoned! I've been   p o i s o n e d   !/ . . .but the thoughts reach him slowly. Through treacle.
And then he feels that back of his neck prickle and John is looking over his shoulder at another bloody smile is there,  staring at him from behind. But this one's seeping grotesquely. Spilling blood like a carnivore.
John and Sherlock spent the next two days in silence, orbiting each other at their most aphelion, only coming close when it was absolutely necessary. And even though Sherlock had said he may not speak for days on end back when they'd first met; John hadn't ever considered that he'd be doing the same.
"Glad to see you so chuffed." Lestrade remarked sarcastically, rolling his eyes. He tried to pull the man back to focus.  "So speaking of the other case; we've got updates on our first victim:
When he returned, John had reclaimed himself. "So, if it's all the same then. I'd like to talk about this ...arrangement? I guess. Whatever it is we're calling it."
With his face tilted up, the light striking softly on the high crest of his cheekbone, he looks so small and helpless for a man that's larger than life. The rogue tear banks back at his jaw and scrolls down his neck, disappearing into his shirt collar. He's so goddamn beautiful.
And John could only sit there frozen in place in a new way, blinking at him as Sherlock wrestled the pillows into place behind him, prattling on. "I should only require a modicum of preparation. Two to three fingers, I think, but if there's resistance or I look uncomfortable, ignore it or add more lube, I'll adjust accordingly. And don't be alarmed if I fail to ejaculate; it rarely happens in the presence of another person, let alone--"
And now;
The robes made him look taller, more slender. More like a wisp of smoke than a man.
But what were they going to do if it went badly? John was certain Sherlock wouldn't have any trouble returning back to normal. He'd do whatever he did to the celestial physics of the universe and blink it away. What would a bad idea between friends matter in comparison?
The left overs of Sherlock's breakfast.
It took no more than a flick of the High Steward's thin hand for the ragged mass to let fly.
Sherlock turned quickly on the attack, vicious and practically slavering. "I've given you EVERYTHING of consequence! Before this you were content to chalk this up as suicide in total breech of the facts! Keeping your mouth shut and your eyes OPEN in the future might help them serve you a better purpose in doing your job!" Sherlock turned back, pulling long hands into leather gloves and letting the guts spill loose from the eviscerating words behind him, mumbling. "I don't consult to do your legwork as well."
Sheer bliss compared to the straw-filled sack he had shared with Harriet and Clara back home.
John's hand tightened around the dirty tissues balled in his fist.
Lestrade ignored his pomposity casually. "Once I get back to the office I can, but in the meantime, there's a forensics team onsite gathering what evidence they can before they have to open it back up. They had to shut down the power to get him off it. From what they told me, he was stuck to it. Luckily though, there's not likely to be any delays for the morning commuters, so that's good."
"I told you that if your presence was no longer of value to me than your absence would make no difference."
A pall spread over the congregation as the King unfurled a scroll between his spidery hands and read it aloud. His soft voice never rose above the level of intimate conversation, but because of the complete silence, he was clearly heard by all.
He hardly pays attention as Mycroft settles into the car opposite them like a snake in a rabbit hole. Hardly feels his steel blue eyes as they assess the state of each of man in turn before raising his knuckle to the partition and tapping lightly.
John wilted slightly, feeling like an interruption more than anything. Knowing by the look in Sherlock's pragmatic eyes that his words were true and had to turn away. "I believe you Jeremy. And I'm sorry." Doing what he thought right, he produced his wallet from his back pocket and pressed a fifty pound note into Sherlock's hand. "Here. Get what you need."
Wedged between these two lower rivers, still hiding beneath the fog, were the thatched roofs of Baker Town. Where no chimney smoked too boisterously. And no shutter was left open.
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you.
With their eyes locked, Sherlock poured such tenacity into his gaze that John could only meet it equally with acceptance and nodded his head in understanding.
His cold eyes meant to pierce John against the wall, but the only good they did was to keep his boots from floating off the ground.
And, despite any more protestation he might have had, that had been that.
Barely opening the door, Charles slipped inside to no welcome.
"Oh, right. Pub's the wrong circle. Um, well I guess I could take you to a museum then...or Barts?" he winced at the very idea. "All I'm saying is that whatever it is you need. Whomever. IF you should ever...anything. I...am...here...to...support...you."
The bulbous head and rolling, pulling tentacles outlined an octopus making its way across the top tier of tanks. Momentarily pausing at each aquarium, bundling itself and seemingly stopping to check that each lid was securely fastened.
"There are a number of rules that I feel need to be made clear to you Captain, if this little arrangement is to continue:
"Drink." Sherlock instructs again, holding up the bottle and John does so without opening his eyes.
John's silver hair rasped intimately loud when he brought his head up and looked at Sherlock once again, blinking through his well-packed emotions. "And then I met you."
"He works alone. Alright. I get it." He remembered Lestrade talking about the solitary figure leaving the train station on the CCTV. "So how do you know it's this particular dentist then? What narrowed it down for you?"
"Additionally," Charles added. The feathers at his throat quivering as he spoke. "Every morning you are to remain out here until I call you in. Do you understand?"
And the cruel irony was that he had only himself to blame for this.
"Like what, love?"
"But you figured it out?"
"Alright," John makes up his mind. "I have to go before I don't go at all."
"Desperate to save his unsaveable career, you mean?" Sherlock said unkindly.
Sherlock rocked up onto the balls of his feet, his mind whirling as he completely ignored the DI's request. "If you're to be a consult with him, that means that these two cases are linked. Oh this is BRILLIANT!" He exclaimed, practically yelling. His baritone exaltation echoed loudly off the walls.
"She's doing her hair. It'll be another seven to sixteen minutes. You may as well get comfortable."
Movement beside him made John turn back as a paper cone of fancy peanuts was set down and a tall man approached him to his right to take a stool, ordering a glass of white wine. "Do you mind if I join you?"
"Not even remotely..." Annoyed, Sherlock's ice-colored eyes rolled skywards as if to ask the clouds for assistance at his colleagues' stupidity. "The Egyptians practiced a method called transnasal craniotomy, whereby a hole was punctured in the area of the nose, the brain stirred with a stick until it was liquified, and then summarily drained. Not precisely what we're looking at here Inspector as there's no evident trauma to the face and the simple fact that his ethmoid bone is entirely intact."
John trailed behind Sherlock and did his own investigation of the body. The man was wearing a decadent bespoke, like the others, which had failed to lose its beautiful lines despite being water-logged. His jacket and shirt had been pulled open, exposing a fit but pale and completely unflawed body beneath. The killer had apparently not needed any organs from the man's torso, it seemed.
He lapsed back into the time he had spent floating idle in the supermarket, having stood in the crisps aisle deciding why he felt the way he did, fighting the panic of having left Sherlock alone in the flat, and what he was going to say to him once he saw him again. "Sherlock?" John began after clearing his throat.
This time though, the silence that permeated the flat was different from the silence before. It was as if the world had been tilted the wrong way. Made heavy now with anger instead of worry. Repudiation instead of doubt.
Sherlock huffed irritably. "I've booked you an appointment that's to take place in fifteen minutes if we can avoid mid-morning traffic. Your second premolar on the bottom's been chipped and you need it repaired. ASAP."
"It didn't matter that I was heavily medicated or that my arm was immobilized... I must've hallucinated or something, maybe had a night terror, I dunno which, but I-- point is, I made it UP over the guard rail on my bed and ended up on the floor."
"Yes. /Obviously/ John!"
"Not simply flies John." He insisted. "Naturally occurring indicators in the field of forensics. They can be incredibly useful in determining the time of death on found corpses based on their individual life cycles. For example," he held up an impaled fly that had a greenish blue coloration under the light, "this particular species is calliphoridae. Usually the first of their kind to arrive at a death, drawn by the smell of decomposition. If one finds an adult calliphoridae on a body, one knows that the corpse has been dead for at least twenty days.
CHAPTER (eahta) EIGHT
Sherlock is frozen where he lays. John is frozen where he's bent. And the man with one eyeball now scooped clean from its socket is frozen momentarily in time.
It was nigh on eternity before they finally reached the top.
writing for fun is a colossal mistake.
Having caught and eaten its meal, the octopus began to head back the way it had come. Slipping through the lid and traveling slowly back down into its own tank, disappearing like a thief in the night.
"It's fascinating."
"I get that you don't want to talk right now...but, will you just make a noise or something? Just so I know I'm not out here talking to myself?"
Hidden, but not fully concealed, lay the lumpy form of a stuffed mattress, a pillow, and a hastily flung blanket. Finally answering John's silent question as to why the gorgeously carved bed in the solar sat completely unused every time he had seen it.
"Yes." Charles said, allowing the change in subject. "But it will have to come a bit later. While you may not be in communication with the King; I of course am. And today he has seen fit to send a very special gift to you. One that has had to come from very far away. It is one I am convinced will benefit the both of us."
Heat and a cocoon of intimacy that had become indispensable filled the space between them. Perspiration cooled their overheated skin, silently evaporating amidst puffs of breath and two pairs of lips that found each other again and again, even in complete darkness.
At the same time, none of those things changed the fact that the scents of their bodies, the remnants of natural lubricants, sex, and sweat had combined to create a seductive cocktail that made John's loins tingle in a very promising way. He hastily moved his hips back so as not to bump up against Sherlock's arse and start rubbing off. Just as he was about to slide out of bed, Sherlock stirred. One hand reached for John's lower arm, holding him back.
"What if..." Sherlock broke off, averted his face and swore inwardly.
"I can understand how you might arrive at that conclusion. But I don't think it's useful to see the world solely in a negative light, Sherlock. I'm not saying something like that couldn't happen, and it would be horrible, but it's definitely not the norm. In most cases, it should be apparent if something like that has happened, and there are steps that can be taken."
"I know full well what your intentions were when you left your calling card for my omega," John interrupted him in an icy tone. With his fingertips, he fished the soiled card out of the breast pocket of his shirt and tossed it carelessly onto the glass table between them.
"What... that... is that..." Before John knew what was happening, he'd leapt to his feet, curled his hands into fists, and fixed Mycroft with a murderous look, incandescent rage in his eyes. He wanted to drag Mycroft out of his chair by that preposterous tie, punch him in the face, make him feel all the pain that John had had to endure over the last few months.
"Aren't you tired?"
"Anyway, we looked at the donor list, and … well it didn't feel right. We considered whether we knew anyone personally that we could ask, and almost immediately John's name came up." Cilia slid one hand across the table and gave John's lower arm a gentle squeeze. "He's loyal, good-natured, brave... yes, sometimes also stubborn and moody, but by and large he incorporates all the best attributes. Bill was always singing his praises, and in the end he's one of the reasons our relationship didn't fall apart."
" She made a wistful sound and turned to John. "Believe me, your omega intervened to stop you from doing something stupid. The pair of you are something quite extraordinary."
Intrigued, the omega took a step closer to John, thereby reducing the gap between them – whether consciously or not.
. An oxygen mask. The feel of a needle piercing skin, delivered to his brain in a fraction of a second. First cold, then a seductive warmth slowly working its way through his body, quieting the trembling.
"What's this?" John asked warily.
"Sherlock, John, good that you made it," Lestrade said, holding out his hand for John to shake after a brief initial hesitation.
"Yeah, thanks to you! I don't know what might have happened if you hadn't intervened." Bill rubbed her eyes wearily. "We're both so grateful to you."
Mycroft withdrew his mobile phone from his trouser pocket and entered a number with the quick-dial button. "You can come up now, the cat is out of the bag," he said and ended the call again.
"You needn't do that, dear," Lorraine scolded him. "You're the guest."
"Dadaaa!"
"No... I mean, I— I dropped in on the spur of the moment. Just wanted to check on John, and..." Greg babbled, then reached for his teacup and took a hasty sip.
"What are you talking about?"
Mrs Hudson was wearing her beloved violet dress, but it was wrinkled all over. A dirty cloth tied around her jaw served as a gag, and her thin wrists had been hastily bound over her chest with a rope. Her eyelids fluttered nervously when the man let go of her, dragged a chair out of the camera's blind spot, and pushed her rudely down onto the seat. He then promptly disappeared again through the open door.
"No," John said flatly and leaned forward. He slid his right knee onto the couch, leaving his left foot firmly planted on the floor. He used his forward momentum to angle Sherlock's legs open and took up position between them.
"A little stiff," he mumbled, registering that Ella wrote something in her notebook. She always took special care that John couldn't read her notes, although he couldn't for the life of him fathom why. After all, they weren't discussing state secrets. She was probably worried that he would be able to get insights into her thought processes. To be sure, she wasn't the one being interrogated here.
He watched with keen interest as his omega extracted a cream-coloured, padded envelope from the wad of invoices, circulars, and newspapers and eyed it suspiciously. Eventually, Sherlock let out an impatient huff and flipped the missive around so that John could take a look as well. The document was addressed to the two of them in an elegant hand, although there was one small detail that immediately caught both of their attention.
"What the hell are you talking about?" Victor demanded, leaning against the wall next to Nozzer's head.
******
"Not for long," Sherlock replied, only now noticing the plate next to the stove with a finished pancake on it. "May I?"
Many thanks to
John watched tensely as Bill curled her hands into angry fists and moved with obviously threatening intent toward Daniel, who was unable to retreat with his back already against the car. But before Bill reared back to land a punch – or rather, before John determined if and when he should intervene – she lowered her hands without following through.
He heard John inhale sharply, just before imitating Sherlock's actions and cuddling up to him, burying his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck and placing his hands on Sherlock's hips.
There were several guests in the hall as well, talking animatedly, giggling, laughing, drinking or eating something. It took a couple of minutes before Sherlock had finally extricated himself from Abigail and escaped from the overfilled living room. Once he was standing in front of Victor, he expelled the air out of his lungs, obviously stressed, and rolled his eyes to make it clear what he thought of all the hustle and bustle.
There was no way around it: Cilia's baking skills trumped Sherlock's by leaps and bounds. Among other things, Sherlock hadn't baked anything since he was a kid, and even then his mother had helped him. These days, he preferred to leave that kind of thing to others. Mainly Mrs Hudson, who baked regularly and brought most of what she made directly into Sherlock's kitchen, over his half-hearted protests.
"All right, I guess." John shrugged, not sure whether he could expand on the answer without lying.
That was unforgivable.
Sherlock pursed his lips and whirled around so fast that his dressing gown billowed up behind him, and stormed back into his bedroom.
Did John perhaps want a family with children after all, despite the fact that he'd maintained something quite different both at their first meeting and today with Anthea? Had his opinion toward the topic changed over the past few years?
"Sorry, the car's a right mess. There's not enough room for the two of you to sit together in the back. But you won't mind being separated for a bit, will you?"
John stayed in the kitchen, not yet ready to face the situation. He knotted the sash of the dressing gown to cover himself, and maybe make himself feel a little less vulnerable. He listened to the two brothers' conversation with one ear as he started to make tea.
The washcloth fell into the water with a slapping sound as Sherlock sat up, seeking out eye contact for the first time. The surprise was written all over his face.
John's insides cramped painfully, squeezing into a hard knot. He felt a renewed burning behind his eyelids; his breath caught. He forcefully exhaled the air from his lungs and got up. He staggered a little as he went into the kitchen and opened one of the cupboards to take out another bottle of whiskey. As he unscrewed the lid, the seal broke in his grip, cutting into the skin of his palm. A glance into the living room confirmed that he'd left his glass there. Rather than fetching it or taking out a new one, he brought the bottle back into the living room and collapsed onto the couch with it.
Mycroft furrowed his brow, giving John a grim look. "You understand that you would suffer the consequences if any of what we've spoken of gets out?!"
He gave a helpless little laugh before setting the glass down on the table after all and folding his shaking hands in his lap. The deep breath he took was palpably saturated with Sherlock's worry, and gave him the final push he needed to finally give voice to his thoughts before he alarmed his omega even further.
A palpable shiver ran through John's body, and a sound of longing escaped his throat. "I've missed this. You," he said, tracing the muscles in Sherlock's back, following the line of his spine down to his rounded arse cheeks, which he squeezed firmly.
The brief impression disappeared in the blink of an eye, but before he could collect himself and continue on his way to his seat, a loud bang shattered the peace in the common room. Sherlock stopped abruptly and looked down, only to see his hand, which had been holding the tea a moment before, now empty and trembling; to see shattered porcelain and tea spilled all over the floor and down his trouser legs. To see blood blooming across his shoulder like silk watercolour paint spreading through smooth, stretched fabric.
"Listen, it's not your fault that... that your body won't do what you want. Sometimes things take time, and if they don't get it, they'll take it. You'll have another heat sooner or later, and I'm the last one who'd bear you any ill will for that. Bloody hell, I've only had sex with betas for most of my life! There's nothing wrong with that."
bond – was something quite singular. The thought that another alpha might try to bond with him… What would that mean for his body; for his soul? Would he even survive the breaking of a soul bond?
He washed as much of the sticky residue away as he could without getting into the shower, all the while fighting the instinct to return to his alpha as fast as possible.
"Erm... apparently not."
"I... took something," Sherlock managed to grate out between panting breaths.
Nigel didn't particularly like John. John had realised that during their first session. Shari had probably told him about John's past at
Sherlock wasn't about to admit that he'd missed John so much he'd almost resorted to going out and getting more of the drug which had, for many years, prevented him from falling into a deep depression. But in order to get his hands on any Seven, he would have had to leave the flat – which he still hadn't managed to do. Nothing had been able to distract Sherlock from the emotions which gnawed at him, not even the files from Scotland Yard or the occasional texts from DI Lestrade.
"Och," she sighed, resting her chin on her hand. "I spoke to Cilia and told her what happened. Or rather, I've been trying to for the past few days. Then last night, she was finally ready to listen without constantly bursting into tears or hurling insults at me. I have no idea if she's forgiven me yet. Sometimes I hate it so much being away from home and from her."
there's no one like you. You're incredible. You're unique. You're...
Still groggy, Sherlock mentally ticked off the contents of the refrigerator, eventually concluding that John must have gone to the market as there had hardly been anything in the previous night. Since Sherlock didn't make any move to sit down or ask any of the questions burning on the tip of his tongue, John took the lead.
John swallowed thickly and wiped the tears out of his eyes again and again, lowering his head in embarrassment at such a display of weakness.
On the other hand, I didn't quite seem to fit into the picture. Was I another junkie who was trying to wrestle Sherlock over the drugs? Or the dealer who had supplied her friend with the psychotropic substance? What seemed to irritate her the most was my hand, which was resting on Sherlock's thigh again and lazily tracing the inner seam of his trousers. Possessive. Intimate.
A few seconds later, the two men arrived at the door to the office to which Mycroft usually retired when he visited the club. As soon as they entered, Sherlock saw that they were correct after all. At least partially.
"Hm?" Sherlock said sleepily.
"You're not twelve anymore, Sherlock, so stop behaving like it!"
He didn't even glance up when Anthea set a cup of tea down in front of him, took the milk out of the employees' refrigerator, and poured some for him. Chair legs scraped across the floor and black pumps edged into his field of vision.
The empty teacup clattered when John slammed his hand down angrily on the desk. It took a concerted effort for him to push down the burgeoning fury inside him. As had been the case so often recently. Incomprehension, rage, grief, despair.... that's all he was left with. His gaze wandered disconsolately through the living room where he and Sherlock had spent so much time together.
"John?"
During the seconds it took for John to collect himself again, Sherlock bit his bottom lip and closed his eyes anxiously. He was hyperaware of John's cock and knot twitching inside him as his own body buzzed with euphoria. He grasped John's hand where it stroked continuously over his chest and stomach, and held it fast.
"Don't be ridiculous. I didn't like any of it either. I wanted to say good-bye to Sherlock in peace. But he's not even in the bloody coffin!"
A low rumble vibrating across his nerve endings. Hot breath hitting the back of his neck. The weight of another body pressing him into the sheets. Dampness and searing heat. Motionless. Defenceless. Conquered.
"You need to get it out," Ella said, encouraging.
"If I must... but I want to have some of the stuff first. I'll take the rest with me."
John sighed, picked up the note, and unfolded it. It was a cheque made out to him. The six-figure amount indicated had John gasping in surprise.
"Why did John attack him? Despite the similarity, he must have realised it couldn't possible be Moriarty." Sherlock watched his brother closely. The fact that he'd only brought photos that didn't show John directly was already quite revealing. Something was fishy about the whole thing
And anyway, dark rooms really weren't just a thing in gay clubs. The thought of going into one of those almost pitch-black rooms to see what would happen... John cleared his throat discreetly.
Sherlock hastily pulled in his legs when Tom leapt to his feet and stepped over him, fuming. Sherlock must have unconsciously filtered out the rest of the conversation. Victor got up too, albeit less energetically. The light turned on, and Sherlock squinted his eyes at the sudden brightness. He could hear the other two men's voices out in the hall. The hissed words were heated, but he couldn't make them out through the door.
Perplexed, Lestrade and Anderson gaze after the slowly retreating figure. John nods in the direction of both men and then catches up with Sherlock. "Okay?" He murmurs, studying his friend's profile carefully.
John didn't know most of the others. They were strangers, perhaps admirers of the world's only consulting detective; possibly even some clients that John didn't recognise. They had no business here. None of them had been invited, but the funeral had been big news in the papers. John hadn't had any say in that. It must have been the family's decision, and John wasn't one of them. The thought struck him more painfully than he wanted to admit.
," Sherlock said, putting exaggerated emphasis on each syllable. He kept his eyes on the massacre in the file in front of him, rather than on the one in the living room. He didn't look up until he heard quiet sobs. Anthea had turned her face away and was visibly struggling to get her tears under control.
A couple of flicks of the wrist later and Mary had been relieved of her service pistol and placed in handcuffs. She acquiesced silently to the procedure, but her displeasure was clear.
"I was there... I heard you. My mother showed you pictures of Sherrinford."
"John..."
John shrugged. "Things like that... happen more often than you might think..."
Now that Bill was there to offer her the security she needed, the omega was like a different person. John decided to continue from the point at which he'd been rejected before, and ran his fingers up Cilia's thighs, first on the outside, then the inside. He was fascinated by the way gooseflesh spread across the surface of her body. He noticed her flat stomach twitch underneath the silken material when his fingers finally neared her vulva. When no protest was forthcoming, he stroked upward along the smooth slit, carefully spread her labia, and exposed her clitoris. He gently brushed the bud with his thumb, stroking downward towards her opening. The scent of rock candy seemed to intensify.
"Yes!
"Never mind, let's not let it ruin the mood. Fortunately, the rest of the family's all gone over the holidays so Cilia and I could be alone. Come on, John. I can hardly wait to introduce you to my better half."
Victor looked up when he heard the conspicuous snick of a plastic lid being opened. He watched Ryan squeeze some lube out of a tube while he continued to kiss Sherlock. Their eyes met: knowing and hungry. Victor nestled in closer to Sherlock and turned his head back so that he could push his tongue into Sherlock's mouth again and tenderly tease its counterpart. At the same time, he reached for Sherlock's erection, rubbing the tip assertively and eliciting a sigh of longing.
John's hand hesitantly settled between Sherlock's shoulder blades, a red-hot weight through the layers of clothing.
After John had finished his shower and brought his bag up to his room, the two men sat together in the living room – John in his armchair and Sherlock on the couch. They drank their tea, which neither one mentioned Sherlock having prepared for the both of them. Nor did they comment on the lateness of the hour, or the fact that John would have to go to work the next day. And finally, there was no discussion of their separation over the past few days.
John pushed the Detective Inspector away, somewhat more harshly than intended, at the same time avoiding his gaze. He sighed and shook his head, eventually turning away and leaving Greg standing there. He went through the kitchen, down the hall, and into Sherlock's bedroom, where he quietly closed the door and took a deep breath.
"Prove it to me."
Soon, John realises why it is so important to Sherlock that they work together. The three unsolved cases on the desk are not very interesting per se. Barely a four. However, medical knowledge is necessary to understand that two of the cases are linked due to the medical history of the victims, but the third, although it may seem similar at first, has a completely different background. After John sorted through the files and explained the correlations to Sherlock, he receives an appreciative nod from the other side of the desk.
"Yes," Sherlock agreed with a furtive undertone.
A short while later, the three sat in front of the fire blazing in the parlour hearth and discussed what had happened over tea and the rest of the Christmas biscuits. Even if John might have preferred something a bit stronger than the lavender infusion Cilia had brewed, he refrained on account of his rebellious stomach.
"...more..." John sighed, lost to the world, thrusting forward into Victor's fist as he sought more friction. He only vaguely registered Victor sitting up to reach for the lube. Victor then knelt between John's legs, pushing them further apart, and leaned over to lick John's swollen glans. John gasped audibly for air and tensed his pelvis to push up toward Victor's mouth.
"Let's go. There's someone I've been wanting to introduce you to for a long time now..."
"Quiet!"
"Mhm, mhm... everything's in tip-top shape," Mike said, setting the stethoscope aside. Warm fingers closed around Sherlock's right bicep and rotated his shoulder joint, carefully palpating the trapezius before brushing the oval scar John had left there.
"Thanks. I'm sure we can get a handle on things together." John kissed the corner of Sherlock's mouth and pulled him closer, tilting his head to nestle his face into the crook of Sherlock's neck. "God, you smell so good..."
Sherlock was relieved that John didn't say anything about his long stretch of living like a hermit, nor about their conversation from the day before. Instead, he held the door open and put one hand on the small of Sherlock's back to give him a gentle but firm nudge over the threshold.
In the rare cases when he couldn't find any Seven, he turned to other drugs. Depending on how the day was going, or what was on offer, he settled for uppers like coke and speed, or else downers like cannabis and – his preference – morphine. However, the effect of those drugs wasn't nearly as satisfactory as Seven, the side effects more bothersome, and his impaired condition more obvious.
John looked up in surprise and watched as Victor took a piece of paper folded once out of the envelope and opened it up.
John loosened his grip on Sherlock and moved back a little so that he could prop himself up on his elbow and look his omega in the face. "What makes you think that?" he asked gently.
"Oh no, dear," the woman laughed indulgently. "She's a purebred Canadian Sphynx. A hairless cat."
John inhaled sharply and his body tensed up as if expecting a blow. Fury transformed his face, colouring his cheeks red. "Sherlock, what the – Did you – ?!"
"Can you forgive me?" Victor asked, now meeting John's eye with an expectant expression. John wondered involuntarily how often Victor apologised for his errors in judgment – of which there must have been many.
"What – ?"
Then he thrust into Sherlock.
"You were well out of puberty by the time you were twenty-three..." John pointed out dubiously.
"God, you're so wet again already," he said in a low, reverent voice. "How long have you been lying here trying to take care of yourself, hm?"
"He's still with the injured woman. The ambulance is on its way." Lestrade had barely got the words out before the sound of sirens echoed through the lane. "That'll be them. Go on, go to him. We'll take care of this young man here... I'll need your statements on what happened here later on. Best you come by the Yard. Two hours, okay? We'll be done here by then."
"I simply cannot imagine how difficult it must be for you. For both of you. Your omega must be a complete idiot not to want to have you with him."
"What's your point?"
"Thank you," he whispered so softly that John probably didn't even hear it. Then he closed his eyes and tried again to fall asleep, this time ensconced in the aura of John's calming scent and body heat.
"We still don't know how extensive Moriarty's network actually is. While my wounds were healing and I was subjected to both physical and psychotherapy, Mycroft tried unsuccessfully to get any usable information out of Moriarty."
"John?! Say something!"
"God, you're so...
He strode forcefully into the living room, where Sherlock lay curled up on the couch with his back turned to the world.
"Anthea!" Sherlock cried, increasing his stride.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," Greg said, quirking his lips into an apologetic smile.
"Why?"
"Thanks," Victor said, although he avoided looking directly at John as he spoke.
"No," John interrupted him briskly. "I don't want to hear it. Have you at least packed already?"
"That it's not all just for my
"I guess not." John laughed, uncertain what was going on.
Breathing heavily, John looked down at Sherlock and pulled him up into his arms, sealing their mouths in a nearly brutal kiss. When he let Sherlock go again, the latter's lips felt swollen and raw. An exhilarating sensation, even if he would rather feel it somewhere else on his body.
Harry was aiming for a joking tone, but neither John – and especially not Sherlock – failed to notice that she neither shook the omega's hand nor spoke to him directly.
"Harry's at the pub again. I'd like to speak with her. Would you wait for me? I won't be long."
Tom joined the threesome and tugged tentatively at Victor's sleeve. He'd made himself scarce all night. Yet no sooner had Victor approached Sherlock than he'd come over to see his 'friend.' Certainly not ready to make any sort of public claim of ownership, but obviously enough to show Sherlock his place.
"A gravestone? What's that supposed to prove? Anyone can have a name carved into a grave marker and set it up on speck of earth. Come
John hesitates for a moment before complying and pulling his T-shirt over his head. It's the first time Sherlock has seen the scar that sent him back to London, and he's a little embarrassed when he realises Sherlock's focus is directed solely on the pink circle.
John was still mulling over the story Victor had told him on the train. The journey had been too short to go into any of the various details from Victor and Sherlock's past, so John had restricted himself to the role of the listener, not contributing more than a sound of affirmation now and then. Maybe he'd get a chance to say something on the way back, if his mind had calmed down by then.
He stretched up to deposit a kiss on the mark on Sherlock's shoulder, and continued working on his back. John was pleased to hear the gulping sound that Sherlock made when John spread his buttocks and ran the sponge between them. He gently wiped away any remaining omega essence and semen from Sherlock's opening that he hadn't caught with his tongue. An insistent tightening curled through his groin at the memory of their previous lovemaking. He let one hand wander around to the front so he could clasp Sherlock's cock and balls, and gently massage them.
Victor stared at the young man without batting an eye. John was still deeply irritated that this Nick fellow looked so bafflingly similar to James Moriarty. He would have liked nothing better than to grab Victor by the collar and ask him if he didn't see it. But what would be the point? Victor had probably never met Moriarty and would hardly understand the awful feeling that the sight of him triggered in John.
"John, where have you been for so … oh…" He sniffed the air. "You went to see Mycroft."
!" Sherlock leaned his head back and moaned breathily when John bit down a little too firmly on his neck, and sucked hard. This time he was definitely going to leave a prominent hickey.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and gazed past John's shoulder to a point in the distance. He couldn't even look this man in the face!
"Why?!"
"I hope so too," Donovan said sympathetically. "Let's go back, I want to speak with Moran next."
Was nesting a sign of weakness or... of love? He loved John, he was completely certain of that. At the same time, he couldn't imagine going to such lengths each and every day just to make his alpha happy, and he dearly hoped that John would never expect anything like that from him.
Instead, he went into the kitchen and tried to make tea with shaking hands. He swore when he turned the taps on too hard and the water hit a forgotten spoon in the sink which acted as a springboard to splatter John's t-shirt.
Sherlock nodded once without taking his eyes off the laptop screen. "Then get them out of there!"
"Where to?" the cabbie asked, glancing into the rear-view mirror.
He was fiddling absently with the peel of the orange he'd eaten after dinner. Sherlock's tension overpowered the intense fragrance of the citrus by leaps and bounds, tugging at John's already overworked nerves.
"I don't think he wanted to harass you. It looks more as if he had something important to tell you. And he wanted to know how you were doing. That's a nice thing – and more than other omegas ever get to hear from their alphas..."
Suddenly drained, Sherlock leaned his fists on either side of his plate and let his head hang down between his shoulders. "I want it to stop. But I don't know how to make it stop..."
Lestrade frowned and rubbed the back of his neck as if he couldn't quite believe what had just gone down. With a concerted effort, he swallowed the tirade he would have hurled at any other omega at a similar juncture. "Good, that's... good."
"Sherlock... there's something you should know. Something important," Anthea said after a moment.
The doctor didn't so much as bat an eyelash at the minor outburst, instead scribbling her signature on a referral slip, which she pushed across the table toward Sherlock. "You must understand, we simply aren't equipped to help you here, Mr Holmes."
"You fucking bastard! You should be grateful I saved your sorry arse instead!" John snarled, pulling back for another hit. His body was on fire and protested painfully, but he couldn't manage to bow to his last shred of common sense and pull away from the other man. The alcohol in his blood cost him in accuracy, though, enabling Victor to keep avoiding the blows. As if in a trance, John fell upon him and tried to gain the upper hand. But even though Victor had never trained in martial arts, it was obvious that he also brought enough experience in hand-to-hand combat to the table.
"Yes, sir..."
"What does that have to do with the military academy?"
When Sherlock's tongue finally licked the head experimentally, Victor couldn't hold back a soft moan. Encouraged, Sherlock repeated the action, exploring the swollen tip bit by bit, feeling his way across the frenulum and the glans, checking every reaction twice and memorising it. He wrapped his lips somewhat tentatively around Victor's erection, eliciting another low sigh from Victor.
Depiction of drug use and violence!
"Sh..." John didn't get any further. As if of its own accord, his body catapulted itself into the other man's arms, grasping his neck with an iron grip and pulling him close. "Oh, God..."
"Don't...!" The single word spilled out of Sherlock's mouth before he could even think about it. Panic bubbled just under the surface of his skin, making him flip back and forth between anger and despair.
"We have an appointment with Lord Moran."
He held one hand to the stitch in his side while he fumbled clumsily for his key with the other. It seemed to take forever before his fingers brushed up against the cool metal. He awkwardly fished the key out of his pocket and tried to stop shaking long enough to get it into the keyhole.
"And what if I never have another heat? What if I'm... I'm... broken?"
"Kiss me," Victor demanded, then let out a satisfied sigh when Sherlock tilted forward and pressed his lips to Victor's, the tip of his nose cold against Victor's cheek. Sherlock's fingers were frightfully cold as well. Victor felt for them blindly, then pulled them in underneath his leather jacket, right where there was enough heat. Sherlock went along with it all easily enough, but his kisses became sloppier, as if he couldn't focus on all of the input at once that was flooding in.
my ome...
"Naturally, but I assumed you were mainly interested in Sherlock's pictures..."
thing I can to preserve my family from breaking down entirely."
"Sherlock, sweetheart... it's all right," John said, stroking the bridge of Sherlock's nose with his thumb where a ruminative crease had formed. He smoothed it out, turned Sherlock's face toward him, and kissed him lightly. "It's not going to be easy, but Mycroft and Greg should have the right to love each other the same as an alpha and an omega. No one should be able to tell them who or how they can love. Not even you!"
Happiness had always been something that happened to others. Yet happiness was also the man who was looking at him now with a smile on his face.
The equality that was supposed to exist according to the law was nothing more than a myth. As soon as an omega hit puberty – if not sooner – he or she would be sent to a segregated school. The same thing happened to alphas, to be fair, but their schools were intended to prepare them for higher education and well-paying jobs, while omegas were encouraged from the beginning to settle for the fine arts or an education which would prepare them at best for working as an assistant in the lowest ranks of the hierarchy.
John sipped the milky liquid, put the cup back on the table, and pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and index finger in order to counter the headache he felt coming on.
John stopped in his tracks on the pavement in front of 221B when he heard someone calling. He grunted and looked up toward the open window where Sherlock stood, his cheeks bright red and a murderous glint in his eye.
"It took me a few days following Sherlock's call to connect the dots. But now it's all become clear. You'll be pleased to hear that I've organised a spot in a rehab facility for your sister; the same one where Sherlock got clean. She was quite grateful and will be checking in next week."
"Sherlock..."
What was more irritating, however, was the erection that was barely restrained by the material of his underpants. His heart sent waves of arousal into his groin in time with his heartbeat and the drumming pulse in his head.
"Oh, he told me something different back then... he said he'd gone to the same school as everyone else in his family," Victor said, frowning doubtfully.
"Would you go with me?"
"Mycroft," Anthea hissed, which surprised Sherlock more than his brother's unfortunate choice of words. He looked back and forth between the two of them, but decided to simply answer the question for the sake of keeping the peace.
Their ministrations grew erratic, mismatched before Sherlock took over full control with a possessive growl. He lifted John's lower half clear off the bed, heaving John's knees up over his shoulders before he skewered him truly, powerfully, as deep as he could go. His nose tip burrowed into John's walnut-textured sac. The tight, heavy weight of his legs grounding him like a yoke as John locked his ankles together. Knees in the shape of a kite around him with his heels stabbing bruises into his cervical spine. Absolutely keening.
"What is it?" He asked eventually, unable to keep the curiosity at bay.
"Ones that the government doesn't want the commonwealth finding out about." He whispered conspiratorially.
Fuck Sherlock.
With one long stretch of his arm, the man is sweeping all the expensive dishes from the table top in front of him and hoisting John bodily onto the table by his collar. Surprisingly strong for such a little bloke. John flops onto his back, his head striking solid wood and he's as helpless as a kitten with the ceiling spinning wildly above him.
Gently tugging, Sherlock came forward and let John wrap his arms around his ribs. John was a whole head shorter than Sherlock, standing this close, but it felt like they fit together perfectly this way.
"Are you okay?" Molly asked as well, her face taking on the same look with her hand rising towards him.
"John, please. Just let me explain."
And for a small moment, when he shut his eyes and really felt the metal beneath his hand, he had been transported back to the moment where he had been kneeling upon the floor in the opulently decorated Great Hall of Castle Appledore and had just rested his eyes upon the face that would haunt his days until death. . .
"I was!" Sherlock replied incredulously, leaning close. "HE was precisely who I was following! Don't you understand? Drug runners are the perfect informants when it comes to getting what I need. He's cased the room, he knows who's in attendance. He can get me information!" The flicker in John's face, whether a trick of the lights or something else, made Sherlock explain. "I /require/ the information John, not getting high. Do you honestly think I would sacrifice three years of sobriety simply to go off my head in a place like this? In the middle of a CASE? That I'd indulge in such proclivities right in front of you? How insulting! If I were to do anything of the sort it would be behind your back! But since you've moved in it's not even ever been a consideration!"
"It had been intended as a kill shot, but the shooter either miscalculated the rifle's firing distance or failed to factor in windspeed or some other variant and missed. So, it was most likely a budding sniper still trying to learn the ropes, taking calculated pot shots at British soldiers. Simple.
Sherlock agreed by making an obnoxious slurping noise as he vacuumed the viscous liquid from the tiny lake from John's navel. The resultant laugh and tight fingers on his curls brought him scrambling up to meet John's mouth. "You are--oof!" John pressed his tongue into Sherlock's mouth as he settled over top him, tasting himself, "bloody incredible."
"You think that because I let you stick your tongue into my arse you can just ransack my pants drawer?" John posited in a half-hearted tone. All his energy stolen. "And they say romance is dead."
Lestrade's shoulders sagged at this point. "That's where we run into a bit of the problem, y'see," he led them inside against the wall of refrigerated body lockers, pushing his hands into his pockets. "It's in the ambulance, on it's way here. I wanted you in early 'cause there's something I need to tell you: I'm not strictly in charge of this investigation anymore. It's being taken up by ...well, do you remember a DI by the name of Gregson?" He flinched as he said it.
Smiling an impish smile, Sherlock's hands disappeared behind John's back, low enough to where John could not see them anymore. Having to rely instead upon his imagination to match the sounds he was hearing to the motiojs being made. The slow drizzle of oil into those large palms, the sucking gargle of the squeezed bottle retaking air, that rhythmic squelching as Sherlock worked the oil onto and around his fingers, making sure that they were liberally coated.
In all fairness, John had never even entered the Forest at all to retrieve his item. So he had committed no crime.
"If you would be amenable, I would very much like to fellate you now. Assuming you have recovered enough."
But John's jaw was tensed so tightly he couldn't speak now if he wanted to.
John sidled up with his mind reeling. "You could have done that with a bit more tact."
"Extraordinary." Sherlock finished and John followed his pale, transfixed eyes down to the placket of his own jeans where the heavy fabric was  straining against his tumescence.
"Hail goodly brother, it is a fine day." The monk said cheerfully when he was close enough for conversation. He fumbled a bit over the roughened earth in his loose sandals and had to readjust the hinged spectacles precariously perched upon the bridge of his nose as he came to a stop, extending his hand. When he moved, the little circular pieces of glass caught in the sun and shone brightly. "I was wondering if you might help me..."
A cloud passed over the sun and everyone was looking away.
Wanting to give Sherlock all the privacy he could, John went back to staring at the fore post of the bed, finally able to swallow down the bitter lump of rage in his throat at the treatment of his beloved. But his false gift of privacy could not hold when the High Steward did something strange and produced a small key from the collar of his doublet on an impossibly long ribbon.
Whomever the artist had been, they had clearly taken the time and put to use their considerable skill in making a man who was wholly menacing in person look downright sinister in oil. Everything about him had been perfectly recreated, from the cold slice of his eyes down to the exaggerated bulge of his codpiece.
The lanky man finished his glass before setting it down, standing fluidly, tipping his head over John's as the doctor licked his lips expectantly. They could have heard a pin drop on the carpet beneath them.
Sherlock saw his searching and rolled his eyes, or a close approximation, at least. "I d-d-didn't asp-p-p-perate any water, J-j-john. I'm f-f-f-fine." Sherlock tried his 'don't be an idiot' look, only to abort it halfway through to pinch the Belstaff tighter around his body at an especially hard fit.
After a long while, John finally met eyes with him. His gaunt face pale in the firelight. "But, who'd want me for a Captain?"
So it certainly wasn't an impossibility. But it was a bit strange that he would be making it for John now...
With the door closed, he set about stripping off his jumper, toeing off his shoes, and undoing the buttons of his shirt, babying his left shoulder which pulsated with a dull ache. Not feeling as bad as it had earlier. He gave it a few experimental rotations and began taking off his undershirt. He was midway in pulling it up over his head when there was a thunderous uproar from the stairs and his door was slapped open so widely it hit the wall.
And, pleased at having rebroken him, the High Steward backed off and led him out of the King's solar and up the winding stairs without another word.
John got carefully to his feet as the monk waved and dismounted and brought the animal with him in his approach. John tracked him carefully in his periphery as he found and slipped his shirt back on, supposing it bad manners to meet a man of the Lord half naked, though the man did not seem to personally mind.
Her hands flap uselessly about John's body, afraid to disturb anything, until she finally settles on taking him by the sides of his head and placing a firm kiss to his forehead.
"In a way. Eric preferred me sober, I preferred the cocaine. I was able to think properly while high. I had perfected my solution to a concentrate of seven percent, an amount ideally suited to..." but he trailed off, as this wasn't about /that/ aspect of his life and John had been keeping his promise about not passing judgement. Sherlock cleared his throat and tried again. "Eric came to his decision to separate when a murder took place at a pub we frequented. I had been inclined to utilize my methods of deduction, such as they were.
The thrush regarded all this with casual disinterest. Having seen this scene remain unchanged as it was most mornings and moved on through the solar to the adjacent room. Where it sensed the occupant it sought resided.
CHAPTER (four) FOWER
another little piece of the journey. and i'm sorry for the cliffhanger. I owe you all a thousand thanks. <3 (and an ending before season 4...god willing.) :D
John began to move his fist, pacing himself until he regained the confidence of pleasing the backwards feel of another man's flesh in his hand. He went slowly. Gently. All the while watching for any reaction at all.
John blinked at the spectacle. "Where to?"
Knows why the previous victims had been missing random organs. Not for profit on the red market. Not for keepsakes or collections.
"But that's boring John." Sherlock squinted, not understanding his reaction.
Sheets of plywood hung where there had once been windows, doing little against the molestation of chilly, late morning air. Autumn was just beginning to lose its bright burnish and was making the turn into what was being forecast as a long and icy winter. He made a mental note to check with their landlady, Mrs. Hudson, as soon as he could to see about hurrying up the replacement windows before it started to snow.
He should reach over and take Sherlock's other hand up in his, the one that's resting in the no man's land of a seat between them. Reassure him.
"Oh. I thought I'd try to organize them...if I can." John admitted, scratching his eyebrow. "But uh, there's not really a clear place to start. I wouldn't have thought Sherlock listened to so much variety, but there's quite a collection. There's even a lot of first pressings from what I can tell."
"You just ate food that you ...poisoned."
The Battle for Umberland of the North occured six months later.
While he frowned at the neatly hung contents, a cling film-wrapped turkey sandwich was dropped on his desk along with a banana and a bottle of water.
There was a frightened cry and Mrs. Hudson grasped at her breast in alarm. Her other marigold-gloved fist clutching at the curtain she'd just pulled back, before she realized what had spooked her. "Oh John!" She chided and her sweet face melted into a grin as she laughed at herself. "You startled me! I thought you were a pile of laundry! I just came up here to do a bit of the washing up. I didn't think anyone was still here."
"What?" Sherlock came stunned out of his thoughts, blinking at the three pairs of eyes on him. "Yes, of course I am."
John opened his mouth to reply only to be interrupted by a rap on his chamber door. William laced his other boot up before answering.
The War of the Reichenbach had been at its beginning when he had made his foolish error. All stemming from a campaign that was massacring its way up from the South called the Crusade of the Burning Heart. Led by the despot King James Moriarty of Westwood, the Crusade claimed to be 'cleansing' the wicked land of its wicked ways through fire and bloodshed, marching under the sigil of a heart wreathed in flame.
"First of all, I would like to thank you all for joining us today. New Scotland Yard would like to thank the public for its patience and cooperation while this investigation was underway. We'd like to apologize for any delay on the Tube the public might have experienced while we worked tirelessly to get your streets safe once more.
"I'm afraid alot of it can only be recounted by what Harriet and Clara have told me happened in the days following. You'll have to forgive me, Sherlock, my memory of everything from that time has been maligned by my sickness.
Sherlock took a hard knee to the chest as John's feet slammed down and made his arse arch clear off the bed. Head thrown back with his mouth hanging wide. For a moment he held there as if caught, straining, groaning, quivering as two more lighter strokes in the counter direction sent him over the edge into a roaring silence.
The firm slide of his prick into Sherlock's body was exquisite for John. Barely registering that it caused Sherlock's teeth to chatter at the overwhelming intensity of it and all his limbs to erupt in a new crash of shivers. But he eased him through the worst of it as best he could. "What do you need? Anything you want. Just tell me what's wrong." Once Sherlock was pierced deeply enough, despite how hot he felt, John bundled his blanket back up like a cocoon around them both.
The man was tall and broad, with large dark eyes and a pleasant face. His brown hair was very curly, cropped short and crowning the mere top of his head. His white dress shirt was unbuttoned to the middle of his sternum, exposing a rich V of hairless tanned chest. His black-trousered knees bumped the bar as he clapped his Italian leather boots on the stool's bottom rung, obviously staying whichever John's response might have been. He reached a large hand across his body and shook John's, introducing himself. "Miles."
"I don't fucking believe it!" Came an infuriated cry from the car. "What the HELL are you two doing here?" Sergeant Sally Donovan threw the driver's side door open and stepped out with fury taut across her speckled face. Her wiry hair had been tamed back with a barrett, her jacket shining with her badge. It took little thought to know why she was here as another officer exited the vehicle from the passenger's seat.
John gasped and put a hand into the depths of his Sherlock's hair as hot breath ghosted across his balls, his foot involuntarily readjusting. He felt his cock begin to swell in anticipation, despite his trepidation. "Just tell me ...Sherlock, what the experi--ah!" Sherlock broke off his thought with an affectionate nuzzle, pressing his whole face in until his chin bumped John's cleft and his nose burrowed against his prostate, telling him without words what John already knew.  "...Fine, just...ah! Christ. Be soft..."
But when he was asked to sit and William had bent to help him with his boots, John's stomach had given a nervous swoop. Did he look the part that Sherlock clearly wanted him to? Would he live up to all the expectations that would be made of him? What would he be tasked to do? Would he--
"This is my Kingdom, John Watson. I own it. I keep it. And everything that is in it is mine. There is nothing that happens here that I do not see. It will do you well to remember that."
John chuckled and began unbuttoning, leaving his socks for last. "If I'm naked, you're naked."
"Oh." Sherlock's ferocity quelled as recognition crested on his face, light eyes cutting a sharp path between them. "Oh. I see. You were laboring under the false impression that I had a specific type of male to which I applied sexual predilections to, didn't you? You assumed my choice of bedmate would only come from the men in whose company I frequented and therefore could only be interested in persons of my own, what...status?"
John looked up from the computer, "that was extraordinary."
"That's where we've lucked out, see, Gregson doesn't like coming to the morgue." Lestrade answered. "Prefers to let the lab techs do this side of his work; he's old fashioned like that. So I thought you two could come here and help me out. Scratch my back and I'll keep you in evidence sort of thing. Gregson gets what he wants, I get what I want, and the process can move a bit quicker with your help. Everybody wins and then we can go out for pints."
"But when a physician came by to rouse me, the old man stepped back and watched as their assistants turned me, lifted me screaming and shaking to get at my body for a piss so that they could use it for when they consulted the stars.*
The body was lying twisted in the street. He had been young before tonight, dark blonde, attractive, and well dressed. Of medium height and a slender build. His ankles were crossed as if in repose, while his arms were thrown widely akimbo. His diaphanous face had come to rest stabbing up at the stars.
He hadn't realized just how long he'd been working until he'd ushered his last limping patient out the door and reassured Sarah he'd lock the place up. A cursory glance towards the outside windows had shown the London sky beginning to bruise into night.
From the kitchen, a constant green light tattooed out an alert and caught his attention now that it was dark. Green green pause. Green green pause. He went to his phone on the worktop and lit up the screen. New text received at 21:23 PM, which meant he'd just left maybe a fifteen minutes ago, probably while John was in the shower.
Sherlock pulled his back into a straighter stance. Fighting against the want to drop onto the floor and curl into the foetal position as the brushing hands were accompanied with a light touch of lips against the nape of his neck.
"The trajectory of the wound from its entrance at your front to its higher exit at the back would suggest that it was fired from a low angle anteriorly. Don't look so surprised John, there's a mirror on your bureau, it was an easy enough deduction. So most likely the sniper was lying on his belly when he fired, possibly the first shot he fired as it's unlikely that you would have been standing in full view under live fire. So he would have been obscured, intending for it to be an ambush.
John had always enjoyed it immensely when previous partners had paid attention to his testicles while giving him head. A supplemental grope or stroke to assist in his climb to orgasm. But this solitary attention paid only to his bollocks alone was stirring the blood hot heat in his body to positively volcanic temperatures.
"Then you could write your own correspondence and solve us both a lot of headache!"
"I love you." John chanced and Sherlock's face looked so young when he was taken by surprise. "I love you Sherlock." He repeated because it sang from him. "And I will stand witness to everything that wretched pisse-mire would do to you so that I could break his skull open with my bare hands and spare him no mercy."
John turned back to Sherlock, who had an oddly serious look schooling his sharp features. As if he were trying to process what he'd just seen in the man. "What's wrong? Sherlock?" But Sherlock didn't answer.
Sherlock hummed. "There was a Rolls Royce parked outside the flat when I looked up. It was all rather theatrical."
"Sex. With me." Sherlock said more slowly, making it clear all the while that he did not repeat things. "Would you like to have it?"
This one was soft and exterior, not probing or searching. Just calming. Comforting. /Grounding./ Exactly what John needed.
"Well of course I care. I can't have you looking like you're my charity case."  The slightly hurt look on John's face made him rethink himself. "What I mean to say is that she is a complete moron and you're wasting your time even thinking about her."
"You said it represented me? In some way?"
Sherlock's ear was covered in blood, his hair saturated in thick wet clumps around it. From his cursory inspection, it looked as though the whole top quarter of his ear was missing. Entirely gone! There was a thick trail of blood down his neck, soaking into his blue muffler. John acted quickly and whipped the scarf off from around his throat, bundling it up and having Sherlock press it against the side of his head as temporary compression.
"But I have money, John. My family's well off, and there's a trust fund. I'll ring Mycroft as soon as we're home and–"
"John!"
All in all, Sherlock was no wiser than he had been the day before, which clearly infuriated him. John breathed a sigh of relief when Sherlock eventually curtailed his perambulations and dropped into his leather armchair with a sigh. Placing his fingertips beneath his chin, he began to silently cogitate.
John performed something between a shrug and a nod, which earned him another smile. He followed Victor to the coat-check, which for some strange reason wasn't near the entrance to Deep Purple, but close to the bar. John dug his phone out of his jacket and stuffed it into his trouser pocket before dragging the heavy-duty article off his shoulders and passing it to Victor.
"Here, drink something..."
What a perfidious game! And what an utter atrocity. Making Sherlock choose the death of one of his friends?!
"We could have had so much fun together... But I guess we'll just have to make use of what little time we've got, right, sexy?" I said in a hushed voice and was just about to kiss him when rapid footsteps from the direction of the door made me look up.
"No, Sherlock... it was my decision. I didn't want him to... for him to be the first one you had sex with. Even though that was the original plan. You should experience that with someone who... cares about you," Victor said, staring at the glass in his hand. Had he said too much?
"Just to the loo," Sherlock gritted out, not bothering to conceal his displeasure. "Or is that not allowed?"
John immediately kisses him again and sighs pleasantly against the other man's mouth. Kissing Sherlock is so much better than John ever imagined. At the same time soft and firm, yielding and demanding, curious and teasing. Gently, John tugs at Sherlock until he finally turns towards him completely and pulls himself onto the bed.
"It wouldn't be like that during a heat. The hormones would ensure that– "
"I don't have any
Sherlock looked down at his hand in disgust and played with the idea of squeezing so hard that Wiggins would never so much as consider asking anyone for a favour like this again. But... then he wouldn't get his dose, and he'd need to feel John getting off with his new partner. On balance, how bad would a couple of minutes be of begrudging contact with a stupid beta who was too short-sighted to ask anything more of him?
"Guilty as charged," Victor replied with a shrug. He noticed Sherlock stopping a few metres away and digging in his bag as if looking for something. "I've heard a lot about you. But as I don't put much faith in other people's gossip, I wanted to see for myself whether you're really as hot as they all say."
"Do you even realise what happened yesterday?" he hissed. "You would have choked to death if your rescuer hadn't scooped the sick out of your mouth. You were also suffering from hypothermia. You were lucky someone found you. Otherwise you'd be dead."
kind of omega back there. Like a poster boy. Writhing on the bed like a
"Ah..." John said simply and nipped at his beer, only to find the bottle was empty.
"Excuse me?"
"Shops?"
The finality of that statement hadn't quite penetrated his mind, but his body was already reacting to it. The traitorous burning sensation behind his eyelids made him blink rapidly. With the small amount of strength still at his disposal, Sherlock sat up and leaned on his right arm.
Despair in the voice, dancing on the brink. John tries to balance on that small ridge, delaying his climax for as long as he can until something seems to burst in him. The orgasm breaks over him in a wave, flushing through every fibre of his being and drowning him in pure ecstasy. His muscles clench again and again. Satisfying tingles spread out from the middle of his body. Panting, he hovers over Sherlock and fights for a moment against a spell of dizziness before coming back to himself. Dazed, he arranges Sherlock's legs around his hips and kisses him, clinging tightly to his body.
"Aren't you going to tell me where we are now?"
"Yes, I am," he said absently.
Sherlock rolled over tetchily, only to notice that the door was open a crack and John was standing there with his shoulder against the frame, watching Sherlock. When their eyes met, John looked away and straightened up.
"Archie."
Sherlock sat down next to him and sighed as he wrapped one arm around his hip. "They never asked you for help, did they?"
Mother Hulda
"He's terrified of losing you, John. The business with that criminal has probably made him acutely aware of how important your friendship is to him... but what am I doing sitting here talking to you! Mrs Turner is waiting for me," says Mrs Hudson and rises somewhat stiffly from her chair. Her hip seems to be bothering her again. Once more, she lovingly pats John's shoulder. "See to it that he eats something when he comes home."
"This is from this morning. Fresh enough to still be warm." The High Steward remarked, holding it up by its neck to scrutinize before the firelight. The rings on his fingers tinkled    against the glass as he turned it.
With that, the High Steward left the balcony and retook his position upon his horse.
It meant everything.
And it took no more than that; to know that he shared ground with this divinity on earth, to let him live. Even if he may never seen the beauty again. Or its equal.
John ignored that warily. "Why haven't you caught Moriarty? You're suppose to control everything."
"Plus," Sherlock adds, rucking back the well-made sheets. "/Bees/, John."
"You smoked?" Sherlock perked up in slight astonishment.
This work would have to be done alongside the sheafing of the barley into bundles, followed by the stacking. The stacks brought inside to be threshed to loosen the grain from the chaff and winnowed by being tossed into the air to finally separate the heavy parts from the light.
"Maybe." John muttered.
When he turned to look, he could see that Sherlock was studying a series of large strange objects that came in a multitude of colours. Slowly, he began to recognize the projections for what they were: false-coloured scanning electron micrographs of tilting viruses, a series of them, all playing havoc with delicate human systems.
"So are you." Sherlock slurs and it's the last coherent thing that slips from his mouth before a litany of soft breaths follow.
Best not to risk it.
Sherlock sighed irritably. "Think about it. He dispatches his victims during the night. He wouldn't do it here with witnesses. Certainly not in his place of business."
This was it. The moment he had come all this way for. He was about to find out just what sort of a man lived at the very top of a tower in the castle that was the only gateway to the Northern world.
John could have sworn he was just breathing. Opening his mouth to inhale and was stunned to find the words that had been crowding so densely in his mind since 'Afghanistan or Iraq?' suddenly trip off his tongue and become airborne as he exhaled.
"Right," John shook his head smiling, not at all surprised if Sherlock had used complicated algorithms to come up with such names. And there was a certain joy in hearing the world's only Consulting Detective say 'willy-nilly'. "Because /I'm/ the one being ridiculous. Of course." He checked himself before Sherlock could take offense. "So, do you want to tell me why we've come to a club incognito then? Is it some sort of role play thing?" He ventured cautiously. "Or are you afraid someone's tailing us?"
Even Sherlock's brother Mycroft, who had a whole security section of the British government at his disposal, could not have stopped the madman from going to ground. Moriarty was back in his spider hole this morning. Safe and sound. And waiting for his time to return.
"Alright. Alright, but go slowly. I don't want you to tear." He kissed at anything he could reach, which was the damp crown of Sherlock's head, taking some of the excess slick from his cock and helped to guide Sherlock back into previous position before stalling him again. He hoped the strain of having to keep himself elevated might leech some of that nervous energy radiating from Sherlock's body, let him focus. "That's it. Almost there."
"Ye-eeESS! Of course." John gasped sharply as Sherlock fingers pressed into the bruises on the back of John's thighs and squeeeeezed. At the sudden reflaring of sharp, delicious pain, John groaned wantonly at the same time his cock wept a thick blurb of precome into the sink.
Even with his tunnel vision, John knows that he should recognize her. Her face is so familiar it's as though he's seen it countless times before. The answer's just there on his periphery like a mote he can't quite see straight on and as he slogs through all the names and faces of the older women he's known in his life, he realizes that he can hardly come up with more than a handful. Which should make this all the easier, but it doesn't.
Brother Michael kept pace ahead of them with a smirk on his face, but called them back to heel when they lagged too far behind, pressing upon them that they were to be expected soon at Castle Appledore. "I'll just need to make a quick stop over here."
Cor, it was sweet. Sickeningly so.
"Your Highness." John said back, tipping his head in a bow, before reaching to his belt and untying the small bag from his waist and handing it over.
John did, but just barely. He remembered it most sliding back under the door. "Yes."
Ignoring his stomach's envious roil at the lavish spread, John noticed instead how each and every morsel had been nibbled upon to some degree. Some onions had been taken from the gravy, a few grapes were missing from their pedicels. Entire slices of bread left holes from where they had once been artfully placed and even the meats looked as though a questing pair of fingers had rooted through them.
The exchange itself took no longer than a moment before brother Michael was kicking his horse into motion once more and leading the two other goggling men northward to their intended destination.
Sherlock rocked back after a while, leaving John panting and flushed with kisses, his eyes opening to inky black pools and laid down between John's calves. He used his hands to knead the soft skin at John's inner thighs, plying his adductor muscles, smearing his fingertips along the slashing length of his sartorius, externally mapping John's sublime architecture while John splayed his legs a little bit wider around him and remained none the wiser.
When Sherlock grumpily drained the first one, he was pressured to eat a second and third, until he claimed he was feeling nauseous with fullness and no longer trying to shiver out of his skin. He went to open his mouth again, but John cut him off at the pass. "Pass me over the heat packs and get dressed. Then tell me what you were going to say."
Sherlock leaned back, drained, and brushed a few unruly locks of hair off his forehead. They were tangled and the ends were split. His respiration was shallow and wheezy as he pierced Mycroft with a burning glare. His brother was apparently trying to make it clear to him that he'd lose John either way. If not through his own death, then by the hand of James Moriarty or his henchmen. All because Moriarty wanted to see him suffer.
When Sherlock didn't elaborate the point, they lay silently beside each other for a while, listening to each other breathing before John spoke again. "I can't believe I've got you back. I... God... You have no idea how I grieved for you..."
John pressed his lips together into a thin line and nodded curtly. He would have liked to take back what he said, but at least Victor didn't seem to hold the comment against him.
(See the end of the chapter for
murder, but not six."
"John..." Something in Victor's expression shifted. Whereas he'd clearly found it funny before, now he seemed to be debating with himself. "Do you really want to hear this? I mean... what exactly do you want to hear? How we fell in love? The first time we had sex?" His gaze darted back and forth between John's eyes, trying to determine whether John really wanted to know these things, or whether there was another intention behind it all.
"It was no accident..." Sherlock objected. "I was never able to prove it, but I'm absolutely certain that she was murdered. She was in the way... she wanted to protect me..."
omega, an adrenaline-spiked mixture of anger and arousal had washed over him. There had been hunger and longing as well. Longing for intercourse that sex outside of a heat couldn't hold a candle to, no matter how exciting and sensual it was. Now that the realisation had revealed itself like a literal Pandora's box, John didn't know how he was supposed to reassure Sherlock in future that he didn't place any value on precisely that natural union between alpha and omega.
It was good that John was gone. That was the plan, after all! And it was good that he'd left voluntarily – especially after that outburst and that... thing he'd done. Sherlock shuddered as he recalled the way John had grabbed him by the throat and forced him to his knees. Behaviour like that was typical for an alpha who wanted enforce his dominance: crude and ignorant and quite simply pathetic!
"It's
"I only wondered as there aren't any pictures with both brothers."
Mycroft broke off and stared down at his hands, lost in the memory.
A few weeks later, Victor was walking with Abigail and Tom – her roommate – from the natural sciences quad toward the cafeteria when he saw the headstrong student for the second time. From one moment to the next, he noticed a figure beneath his favourite chestnut tree. He was clearly going to have to fight for the spot in future. He let out a disaffected grunt, which Abigail took to be a reaction to whatever it was she'd just said. She laughed, clutching at Victor's arm, and cuddled up to him.
"You're much cuter up close!" I laid one hand on his thigh, rubbing the dusty fabric of his trousers and digging in my nails. A sweet little shudder ran through him before he pushed me away with a distinct lack of coordination.
As always many thanks to
There was nothing he could do except wait and run his hand absently over his unbroken skin, hoping it might give John some measure of relief. Probably not. It was probably just an old wives' tale that the link worked in both directions.
His skin...
"All right! If you insist on knowing..." John pulled away from Sherlock with more force than intended. He clenched his hands into fists and stomped across the room, coming to a halt in front of the window. He rested his forehead against the cool glass and looked down at the familiar street from his childhood. "Mostly the same old vitriol she was just spitting downstairs. That I'm not man enough to get your hormones going. Because I don't act like a real alpha and let you carry your own bags; because I do the dishes. Things like that."
Sherlock couldn't help but notice how nervous Victor was. It was clear from the tension in his shoulders and the trembling in his fingers. And it was contagious. He chewed unconsciously on his bottom lip as he followed Victor inside the hotel room.
"Of course I do. Absolutely!"
John huffed angrily and adjusted the strap of his sports duffel over his shoulder, using the same motion to swivel away from Victor and walk toward the gate. Victor hooked his thumbs into his pockets and followed, bumping him lightly with his elbow.
He thought of Molly Hooper, the young pathologist at St Bartholomew's Hospital, and the way she'd always watched him when she thought he wasn't looking. Sherlock had always attributed her obvious interest to the fact that he was an omega, assuming that she was fascinated by his unusual lifestyle. But would he have thought the same thing if she'd been an alpha?
John dropped his cane, closed the short distance between them, and grasped Sherlock's biceps to support him. "Are you feeling all right?"
As a doctor, he must have been aware how Seven worked. Hearing that his own omega had resorted to using the drug to influence their bond... Perhaps that knowledge had hit him harder than expected.
John hadn't realised that Mycroft had passed the last letter on to one of his colleagues to have it analysed in a – presumably in-house – lab. It was amazing how many people were taking orders from Mycroft Holmes, even on a weekend. The man who never slept. And John had thought Sherlock didn't sleep much.
"Have you ever participated in a police interview before?"
"What – ?"
"He felt responsible for her death. Later, I often had the thought that he only put up with me because he was wracked by such feelings of guilt. After all... she'd been my friend first. I don't know exactly what happened, whether it was an accident or whether a junkie attacked her. But I'm certain that Sherlock would have done everything to help her if he'd been in any condition. The fact that I couldn't get him off the drugs... that I believed I had everything under control..." Victor sighed heavily.
"Sherrinford killed Redbeard..." John said quietly, as if Victor had ignored that detail.
She shrugged and rubbed at a spot that might have been either chicken curry or Earl Grey until it disappeared. Satisfied with the result, she straightened and turned toward John. As soon as she registered his pinched expression, she grabbed for the handle of her cleaning bucket to maintain her balance.
The pounding in Sherlock's temples, caused by the static hum of the machines and the monotonous beeping of the EKG, had become a constant companion. He knew that at least seventeen different people had passed by his room and was able to identify the two nurses and the orderly who took care of his needs throughout the day by the sound of their footsteps.
oo4. I imagine the tattooed-neck man as looking like Ben Whishaw.
He confronted Mycroft in his private bed chamber that very night. Bursting in without announcement, with Captain Sally clattering in her half armor behind him, absolutely furious. He tore back the black velvet drapes that had ensconced his brother and his brother's husband as they lay sitting in bed. Wasting no time in screaming his indignation at the both of them.
"One day, my Prince, you will say yes." Charles assured him. Absolutely convinced. As he always had been since that very first day. He grasped Sherlock's chin, turning his head to make him finally face his captor only to find his eyes still shut. "And you will be free from this place."
"Don't hurt it! It's for a case!" John just barely heard Sherlock from the bottom of the stairs and physically roaring, managed to pull the door shut just as it cam upon him.
"Oh for god's sake!" The high snipe of investigator Philip Anderson started up like gunfire. "I can't believe you're allowing this! I thought we were waiting for the doctor so the self-proclaimed "sociopath" could LEAVE! Now we've got two bloody people we don't have any need for at what's clearly NOT a crime scene." He gesticulated wildy as he whined, his loose full body forensic suit he was wearing was pierced with the light, giving him the illusion of a flailing insect caught in spider's silk. "This is an accident scene, NOT a murder investigation. Sir! Sir?"
"Wouldn't miss it. Just give me a mo, yeah?" John gave him another chaste peck and disappeared up the stairs. He made an effort to brush his teeth and - blushing at his own brazenness - gave his crotch and armpits a thorough wipe down with a damp flannel, wanting to be clean in a general sense. After giving himself a conciliatory sniff, he actually spent a penny and headed back down. Sure that Sherlock would notice everything he'd done anyway.
Back at the flat he was more apt to use a fork, but out in public Sherlock seemed to frown heavily in his direction if he tried such nontraditional means.
"Upon my investigations, I inadvertently revealed Victor Senior to be a fraud who'd passed his son on an entirely false name, an embezzled fortune upon which his father had built the Trevor dynasty, and revealed Victor Senior as number seven on Interpol's fugitives list. Needless to say, I exposed the secrets that existed to send my friend into financial and emotional ruin." He said all this through a mouth that fell, when closed, into a line so sharp it rivaled his violin's strings.
Sherlock leapt to his feet without needing a second invitation, and fairly ran across the room to the two men. He tore the file Lestrade had brought out of his hands, and eagerly pawed through it. A series of macabre images and crime scene reports greeted him. Sherlock shuffled to the other side of the room, already lost in thought, and settled down on the floor in front of the window, away from the other three.
Cilia was sitting on the bed again, her hands folded in her lap and her toes digging into the fluffy throw rug on the floor. She jumped up when the two alphas entered the room, and flung herself at Bill. She enfolded herself in Bill's arms and buried her nose in the crook of Bill's neck.
Sherlock grunted out a puff of air when John's right arm wriggled its way underneath Sherlock's stomach and dragged him backwards a short distance. Simultaneously, he felt John kneading the flesh of his left buttock with his other hand and biting it lightly before depositing several kisses on the right side. A hot and cold shiver trickled down Sherlock's spine and his heart thundered inside his ribcage. His erection, which lay throbbing alongside John's arm, twitched as if electrified when the alpha stroked Sherlock's perineum between his testicles and his anus with a practiced hand.
for this phenomenal translation!
should have happened!
"Everything all right?"
Carelessly, he wipes his hand off on the already tainted cloth and leans towards Sherlock to cover him with the blanket. He affectionately strokes sweaty strands from Sherlock’s forehead and kisses his cheek. Collecting his clothes, John sighs, exhausted, and leaves the room so that Sherlock can make up for the lost sleep of the past few days.
"What do you mean?" John asked, eyeing his mother dubiously.
"I could have carried up my own bag. Didn't we agree that Harry's comment was little more than –
"You're already all wet again for me..."
He paced up and down the corridor, exasperated and full of nervous energy. He kept clenching his left hand into a fist to release his tension until he heard someone approaching. Expecting to see Donovan, John turned around and found himself blinking into the tired face of DI Lestrade instead. The alpha offered John his hand, which he grasped and shook after a moment's hesitation.
"May I?" Sherlock purred, and simply pushed the baffled omega aside. He pulled open the drawer with a flourish and withdrew four small vials after a brief rummage. He crowed in triumph while the other omega cried out with anguish. John resisted the temptation to hold out a hand to provide the other man with some support as he clenched the wood of the dresser and glared daggers at Sherlock with tear-soaked eyes.
He took a good, hard look inside himself. Why was he so agitated? It wasn't as if finding the letters would make Sherlock rise from the dead. Still, this all seemed like some kind of sign from the beyond. A flicker of light in the utter darkness, even if it were nothing more than the reflection of the moon on the infinite mass of black water inside him. After months of mindless grief, he could feel the sense of oppression loosening. As if someone had turned a rusty gear two notches forward before it locked into place again.
The widespread notion promulgated in alpha-omega forums that life would be so much better if there were no betas wasn't an acceptable solution either. After all, that wouldn't change anything about the problems which alphas and omegas faced. And such idiotic arguments that betas should be shipped off to live in their own country (yes, there were actually posts like that) didn't make any sense. To be fair, it was rare, but possible for two beta parents to produce alpha or omega offspring – as documented by the case of the Watsons. Should such families be torn apart and the children sent alone to live in another country that was entirely foreign to them?
… that… that's…"
John went into the living room, where he found not only the remains of the mess he'd left behind, but also what Sherlock had added to it. The papers he'd swept off the table in his rage were now completely soaked with tea. The empty teacup lay beside them on the carpet like an upturned finger.
"Of course..." John agreed, listening attentively.
She pushed herself up from the tile floor somewhat awkwardly and shot to her feet. She brushed past him like an apparition and checked the kitchen. As soon as she'd assured herself that Sherlock was alone, she turned to face him. "What are you doing here?" she asked, her curiosity evident.
Sherlock effected a lackadaisical shrug and waved vaguely between John's head and his feet. "The underprivileged classes. I mean, look at you."
They didn't say a single word to each other during the three-hour journey to Leeds, which resulted in John falling asleep fairly early on. He'd barely gotten a wink of sleep the night before, and was correspondingly tired. Sherlock also drifted off after a few minutes of the monotonous rocking motion. John woke up shortly before they arrived and gave Sherlock's shoulder a gentle shake to wake him as well.
It was different than his first heat, during which Sherlock had had to provide his own relief for hours on end – a completely useless endeavour, in the event. Instead, this time John had been with him, had undressed him and pushed him up against the kitchen table and then penetrated him a short while later.
John would never have admitted how much Sherlock's words hurt him. Something inside him had secretly hoped that the omega would ask him to spend their last night together. Instead, he was now lying in his own bed. Alone. For the first time in days. He perked his ears and listened hard, fancying he could hear Sherlock tossing and turning in the room below him.
"Everything all right?" Concern etched a deep crease between Victor's eyebrows.
"I might have seen her. There were a lot of omegas there."
Sherlock stared at the papers in disbelief, flipping through one letter after the other before finally dropping the file back onto the table when the trembling in his hands became too obvious.
"When Charles Magnussen was selected to take the throne in my brother's stead, he vowed that he would only do so if Mycroft agreed to give him my hand in return. Do you see now, John? I am betrothed to him whether I wish it or not. And the only thing that can break the decree is for Mycroft to die in battle or for myself to give in to the High Steward's wishes and accept him."
The phone rang again.
"Since you seem to be lingering on the subject anyway; I saw the condoms you purchased. You have come to a decision, I take it." John fought the crawling flush that warmed his neck, but couldn't manage a nod, which didn't seem to matter much, as Sherlock was speaking rhetorically. "Magnum size? Really? You are aware that that is nothing more than a marketing ploy, right? They're not any larger than the regular size."
But despite this, brother Michael was the only one left in the castle that truly knew Sherlock. And therefor was the only one who could save him.
Still rocking, body screaming in protest, Sherlock eventually resurfaced. His wet face swept along the side of John's, both of them drenched in everything. He tried to shut his eyes once more, but it seemed that all his muscles had gone loose. "In me." He whispered, so soft next to John's ear it was nearly lost in the rustle of bedding. "Come inside me."
John smiled, glad he could surprise him. "I did." He threw the calf of his left leg up over the knee of his right, laying one forearm across his brow and the other spread onto his belly as his coughing fit ceased. "But I was never any good at it. There wasn't much to do in Afghanistan but fix up people, smoke, and wait to get shot at."
Suddenly, the cloth at his back stopped moving and slipped from Sherlock's hand, splashing into the water.
Had Sherlock even been in a sexual relationship? John's guts told him no, but he felt it necessary to sit the man down and get it all hashed out beforehand. Maybe they'd have a cuppa and a serious conversation when they got back to the flat, but there was the distinct possibility that Sherlock wouldn't want to talk about anything now that they had a case going on. In fact, that was the most likely scenario. Which was good, John supposed. That gave him time to think about it, get used to the idea that this could even happen. Let him think about what he wanted to say and ask about and know.
John's stab of laughter was congested, thinking on a past long gone. "Uh yeah, though HE certainly thought he was as well."
second Morse : Sherlock Holmes has an amazing head.
"Do it."
"But how can you be so sure?" Lestrade asked. Despite an almost audible eye roll from Donovan. "What difference does it make that he was lying down?"
From a strategic standpoint; it was genius.
John spoke of his life until the water went cold, giving every detail he could manage to remember and leaving no subject untouched save for one; William.
The silence left between the two men falls. And falls. And falls.
"You are virile, despite your untenable fears. Tactile and vocal. Plied by both physical and aural stimulation. And you are very clearly uncircumcised. Meaning that you are far more sensitive than those who have had their foreskin removed. That, in conjunction with what you consider secret, but I now know to be anything but; your covetous adoration of my hands, it would be of little surprise that if I were to do something like this..." Sherlock took a quick firm fistful of John's soft cock and simply held on. John's head thumped against the headboard as quickly as though he'd blacked out. His pelvis jumping and his breath coming out in a rush. "It would result in the desired effect."
While he'd always taken the time to acknowledge what she said, if only to disregard her, right now he felt inclined to ignore her outright. But he didn't. "I suppose I am." John felt his mouth saying instead. Finally giving her a solid decision on the matter. In any storm, he'd already decided, his compass always pointed towards Sherlock.
"You've not eaten anything substantial in sixteen hours. And it seems I still owe you dinner." Sherlock said idly. "Is that boring enough?"
"Oh bullshit Johnny, if you're going to insist on being a hobbit, you're going to have some company."
