“Tony! Tony, too much! I can’t… I can’t…”
Steve sat up, rubbing his eyes groggily. "Of course, Tony. I just want you to be happy."
"I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't Sir."
For a long drawn out moment, Steve was afraid he failed. That he lost him.  Then strong arms slid under him, pulling him up into Tony’s lap, before wrapping tightly around him like steel bands. More tears fell, this time from relief. Tony buried his face in Steve’s neck, whispered sweet words and promises against his skin.
“No.” He pulled back, using shallow thrusts to rub the head of his cock over Bucky’s prostate. “Who am I to you, James?”
Tony’s eyes lit up with dark pleasure. “Really? Let me get this straight. You came here, looking for me, knowing exactly who and what I am?” Steve nodded. “And you will let me do anything I want to you, good or bad, with no way to stop me, and no way to escape. Is that correct?”
"But before we play anymore, I need to take care of you."
Stark motioned Steve to stay back, probably afraid that Bucky was dangerous. He wanted to reassure him, promise that he’d never hurt Steve, would kill himself first. But he couldn’t find the air to speak. His lungs burned and his face was wet. Stark slowly moved into his space, as though approaching a wounded animal. First resting a gentle hand on Bucky’s knee before sliding closer. He got his arms around Bucky’s back, pulling him into the strong warmth of his chest, and Bucky allowed himself a single moment of weakness. He buried his face against the smooth skin and firm muscle, hiding from the world, from the horrors of his past. Seeking sanctuary even though he didn’t deserve it.
He had enough time to nod before Tony's hand tightened into a fist, dragging him forward and thrusting into his mouth and down his throat. He began moving his hips, hitting the back of his throat each time, causing Steve to cough and gag around his length, keeping up an unrelenting pace. He allowed him to gasp in a breath between each thrust, pausing buried deep, the wet heat of Steve's throat clutching around him. The world narrowed to the feel of Tony's cock in his mouth, the sounds above him, until with a loud cry he felt his cock throb and pulse, spilling down his throat. He swallowed around him frantically until he was finally pulled away. Tony's hands on him were gentle again, fingertips brushing over his swollen lips.
Steve groaned, clutching his stomach as another round of cramps hit him, before curling tightly into the alpha’s chest, whining from the agony. “Something’s wrong…”
As he spoke Tony slowly stripped Steve's clothes from his body, tossing them towards a chair in the corner, eyes never leaving his body, until he was spread out on the bed underneath him, bare to his hungry gaze. Steve could practically feel it on his skin like a touch. He ran his hands over his stomach, gently.
“That’s right. Such a clever boy I have here.” His hands gentled, sliding soothingly over the throbbing skin of Steve’s ass and thighs. “My good boy put on a very pretty show for me. Do you remember what happens next?”
“Okay. You need to be lower than me? Is that what’s happening? Okay. You stay right there.” A gentle hand rested on his shoulder as Tony stood, settled on the couch so Steve was resting at his feet. “Better?”
He wanted to touch it, to stroke himself and come with the taste of his Dom in his mouth. After a moment of hesitation, Steve reached down to unfasten his pants and free his cock, wrapped a hand around it and stroked, letting his resulting moan vibrate around Tony. He could feel the thighs bracketing him tense in warning, even as the conversation stayed light and even. Steve chose to ignore it and keep going, sucking desperately and stroking himself until he spilled over his fingers with a whimper. The door to the office closing was a distant sound as the reality of how much trouble he had just gotten into started to dawn on him.
"Very well."
"No, but I never thought I'd let a German scientist experiment on me for my country either."
"My friends, is something wrong?"
“What did you do? What did you give me?”
Steve mumbled a reply back, more of a sound than actual words, and snuggled back more securely into Tony's embrace before falling asleep again.
Tony kept him on his lap for a long time, petting over his skin and through his hair until he felt drowsy and sluggish. Once he was relaxed, Tony gripped his hips, slowly urging him to turn, settling him with his back against Tony’s chest.
"Yes Sir."
Tony’s voice came from closer than he’d thought he’d be. “That’s right. Good boy. Just enjoy it. Let me take my time. You are so fucking beautiful.”
As soon as he was close to falling apart, the motion stilled. He whined, attempting to rock his hips to no avail. There was a tingling inside of him, the toy growing cold, pulling him away from the impending release. When he was desperately gasping but no longer in danger of coming, that too ceased. “Tony…” He groaned, squeezing his eyes shut. It was torture of the best kind.
Steve's voice came out a whisper. "I want you to spank me... And then take me. Hard. A little... Rough?"
James’ eyes were dark, locked on Steve’s straining body. “‘Nother of his. Two.”
“Come? I know that. And by the end of the day? You’ll know it too. You wanted out of the cage, I let you out. You wanted to get hard, try to get off like an alpha. I let you do that too. And you’re going to stay like this, hard and miserable and aching, all day long. And I’m still going to take you, whenever I want to. Whether you can come from it or not. Whether you can release from it or not. Until you’re begging me to put that cage back on you and lock it down tight.”
Tony rubbed soft circles against his chest, murmuring words of comfort against his hair. Tears slid down his face fell onto the blanket beneath him. Steve wasn’t sure when he’d started crying, or when he eventually stopped. All he knew was that his alpha was holding him close, making him feel safe. Treating him like he was important. Worth the effort, maybe.
Leather straps fastened around his waist, keeping the thick dildo exactly where it was. When he flailed, Tony caught his arms, holding them behind his back. His body was burning and aching, he could feel his passage trying to milk the toy inside of him, reacting as though he had been teased for hours already instead of only a few minutes. He gasped, turning begging eyes on his alpha.
Steve's arms tightened almost painfully around him. He hated to think that one day Tony would be gone, that he'd still be here. Alone. "Don't... Don't say things like that. Okay?"
“Good.” Bucky trembled at the hint of praise in the rich voice. “Tell me, do you prefer Bucky or James?”
“Nine, Boss.”
"You are."
Tony cupped his chin, tilting it up. "Out with it."
Steve clung to them, still restless and needy despite his exhaustion. Tony watched with amusement as Steve slowly wiggled back, trying to rub his hole against one of James’ muscular thighs. He waited to see what the other man would do. If he would indulge Steve, let him have the pleasure he so desperately craved, of if he would deny him. Leave him frustrated and wanting until morning. When he noticed Tony’s attention, he raised an eyebrow in question. Tony shrugged, willing to play along with whatever he chose. After watching James tiptoe around the tower and hide in the shadows for so long, it was nice to see him comfortable enough to take charge. Of Steve at least. He still deferred to Tony in all things, which was interesting. A dynamic they could build on over time. And that Tony was already enjoying.
“Tony… Please!”
A soft breath escaped Steve’s throat. “Thank you, Sir.”
"Hmm... Try again."
Steve obediently rose to his feet and walked into his bedroom. He let his thoughts drift as he dressed in clean and comfortable clothes and returned to the common floor of the tower. How did his mysterious Sir know what he was doing and when he was doing it?
When he finally spotted Steve in the doorway his face broke into a large smile. Seeing the opportunity, Steve carried the plate of sandwiches over to the workbench and dropped a kiss on the genius’ cheek as he waved the music volume down to focus on him. “Hey sweetheart. How’s my sweet little omega today?” He held his arms open and Steve immediately stepped into them, cuddling against his chest.
“Feel better, sweetheart?”
Tony waited until Steve’s gaze drifted to meet James’, before sliding the final toy from his pocket, along with the remote for the prostate massager. He clicked it to the first setting, then set it aside, knowing that the moaning from behind him would keep Steve’s attention, allowing him to work unobserved. It was a simple design, but cruel in that simplicity. A plastic tube that sealed against the skin, with a metal crank at the end to steadily increase and hold the suction. At the top was a small button to release the pressure. Tony was fairly certain that it would make Steve lose his mind. And possibly make James come from the sight and sounds alone.
Tony kept him there while he finished cooking breakfast for the both of them, bringing him a cup of coffee when the pot finished brewing. Steve took a sip, hoping for some form of distraction, then paused. Tony had added several spoonfuls of sugar, and a touch of cream. Just the way Steve liked it. "Thank you, Tony."
I hope you enjoy!
Steve let his lips brush against the silky tip, licked up the small droplet there. "Fast."
“I told you I didn’t have to hurt you to punish you. Now you sit tight. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
"Good morning, Steve."
"Loki." Steve offered him a smile, holding up the takeout bag he had brought up with him. "I thought we could have lunch and talk. If that's alright with you?"
Steve has a panic attack, and JARVIS calls Tony who comforts and takes care of him.
“I know we’ve never talked about this, and I’m sorry if it puts you in a bad position, but there’s something I need to say to you. I’ve enjoyed our time together. A lot. You are creative and amazingly sadistic. But we can’t keep doing this. Because it’s not fair to you, not when I’m in love with someone else. I’m so sorry.”
The pattern continued over the course of the afternoon. The plug would turn on at random intervals, the strength and speed varying, tease him to the very edge, and then stop leaving him a wanting mess. Steve lost all track of time and surroundings. His body was on fire. Tony had never teased him this long before, not so directly.
“Okay. Then that’s what we’ll do. We can talk about the rest tomorrow.”
Steve screamed when Tony seated himself in a single thrust, fingers digging into the bedding from the need to hold onto something. There was no time to recover as his alpha began to pound him with all the pent up lust from watching him suffer through their time in the gym. Steve’s passage spasmed, releasing around Tony’s cock, the other man not slowing or stopping, instead chasing his own pleasure.
"Yeah. Sorry it's so late, sweetheart. I ordered dinner."
Yes. That was what he should do next. And he knew the most pleasant, for him, way to do so. Because what was the point in doing anything if it wasn’t for his own pleasure. Tony took a moment to gaze at the man sitting across from him. Steve was so beautiful. Tony had always wanted to possess him. But Captain America was not so easily tamed. Tony had been making plans, trying to find the best way to break him, when Doom had managed to kill him. Tony had been livid.
Despair crashed over him, making him struggle against Tony’s grip. A soft growl rumbled in his throat. It wasn’t fair. Every time anything felt good, Tony denied him. Steve didn’t know how much he could take. Ignoring Tony, he slid his own hand between his legs, bypassing the cage to rub against the spot that had felt so magical only moments before. However his own touch was both disappointing and short lived.
Steve felt like he was floating through the next week. Tony’s presence was overwhelming in the best ways, and he was always there. They became so attuned to each other that it made him want to cry. That was what he needed and was denied for so long. If he had his way, they’d never leave the penthouse again. But of course, the world never worked that way.
His phone chimed with a text from his nightstand, and Steve rolled across the bed to pick it up. Message from Tony:
"Sounds about right. I know it's hard, but you just have to trust me. Trust me to tell you if this isn't what I want. Trust me to stay."
A low, desperate whine filled the room as Steve arched his back more, thrusting the dildo harder into his wet hole. Close. He was so close to relief from the unending frustration. But even as he thought it, he could feel that edge slipping further and further away. He let out a cry of frustration, pulling the toy free and throwing it across the room before collapsing onto his back and burying his face in his hands.
Steve hid a smile behind his hand, charmed by the tirade. “So what can I do?”
"Tony..." Steve's head fell back against the wall, body arching forward. "You- You said..."
Tony was led down a corridor, glass windows on either side showing various rooms as they walked past. Phil explained the unique qualities of the different specimens they passed, the omegas becoming less docile the deeper into the facility they went. When they reached the end of the hallway, Tony froze in his tracks.
Steve buried his face into Tony’s chest, a wave of grief crushing him. “Why?”
Steve hadn’t realized how attuned he was to the alpha’s presence, until he felt him the moment he entered the room. He squeezed his eyes tighter shut, fighting back tears, as suddenly all of the things he had heard about finding a mate when he was younger filled his mind. He understood now, why people talked about their alpha being their other half, of feeling connected. Why there were so many romance stories about meeting that special person and knowing that they were it. The one.
After all, Steve was basically giving him a roadmap of what he needed to do to not only keep him, but make sure he felt secure as well. If Tony were a better man, he’d wait. Give this Steve a chance to decide how he felt about him. Make him as comfortable as possible and hope he decided in Tony’s favor.
for being my constant cheerleader!
“Oh, sweetheart… I’m so sorry. There isn’t anything else I can say…”
Steve could feel Tony's hands glide lower, his fingers curled loosely around his cock, stroking a few times before moving on to cup his balls in one callused palm and massage them before sliding away. His fingers slid down and stroked gently over Steve's ass cheeks before parting them and rubbing between them. It tore a gasp out of his mouth, caused him to arch high off the bed. "Tony!"
Tony looked like someone had slapped him. His eyes were wide, a heartbroken expression on his face. “Oh sweetheart. No. No, you don’t. That isn’t true.” Firm hands gripped Bucky’s arms, pulling him forward. He tried to resist, but still somehow ended up curled in Tony’s lap, his arms wrapped tightly around him. “It wasn’t you, James. It took me a while to understand that. But it wasn’t you. You are not responsible for what happened to you or what you were forced to do.” Tony turned his face against his shoulder, let him cry again. “I see you, sweetheart. And I’m gonna find a way to fix this. Take care of you.”
"Good. Then, I think I saw just the place." He nudged Steve to his feet, looping the leash around his wrist and guiding them over to a small curtained alcove. Once the curtains were closed, Bruce took a seat on one of the padded chairs, Loki draping himself over his lap, arms loose around his neck. They looked comfortable with each other, which gave Steve a good idea of how close their relationship was.
While Tony was distracted, Steve’s phone chimed. His secret phone. Crap.
"You're going to regret that, but I'll hold you to it." Suddenly the hand in his hair was gone and the grip on his cock was replaced with tight wet heat as Tony dropped to his knees and wrapped his mouth around him. It only took a few strokes of his tongue before Steve was crying out in pleasure, Tony swallowing around him.
“I… I need…” Steve buried his face in the pillow, cheeks flushed in embarrassment.
He couldn't think, could only feel. Pleasure and pain so mixed together he was never sure which he was feeling, dragging his mind down to that place only Tony could help him reach. The world no longer existed. Only this.
Tony took a moment to admire his handiwork. Steve was helpless, bound in place and completely at his mercy. With a thought, he started the machine, setting the strength and speed to a random pattern. The first thrust of the dildo into his body had Steve struggling with a vengeance, desperate to free himself. But it was too late. There was no escape. His cries became sharper as the friction of the thrusts heated the itching lubricant further, increasing his torment.
“You’re welcome, pet. Are you going to be good for me today?”
The dildo kept thrusting into him, not slowing or faltering for a second, as Tony kept stroking him. Oversensitivity made him whimper, pulling at the restraints, trying to move away from the relentless stimulation, succeeding only in clenching around the cock pistoning in and out of him. "Tony! Sir!"
He turned the last remaining vial of Pym particles over in his hands again and again, trying to think it through. He could go anywhere in time, but even at the worst points in their relationship, Tony would never give him what he needed. And there would always be an expiration date. Because Tony had sacrificed himself for them all. There was nowhere for him to go here. No place he fit. And the longer he stayed, the higher the chances that someone would realize he was there. Would expect him to be Captain America again. In the end, the answer was simple.
Steve arched off the bed, shuddering helplessly before shaking his head. “No.”
He went to the office level, checking with the secretary to make sure Tony was free before going into his office. The man was dressed impeccably in a suit that cost more than Steve could imagine, seated before a giant expanse of polished wood. A smile graced his features when he looked up and saw him standing there. “Hey sweetheart. I wasn’t expecting to see you until later. To what do I owe the surprise?”
“Not tonight, sweetheart.” He pulled away from Steve’s gland, went back to holding him securely in his arms. “I don’t want to hurt you, and it’s been a long day. We’ve been here for hours. You need a drink and something to eat. I’ll take you upstairs.”
“But you can take it for me, can’t you? This is a punishment after all. We can’t have you enjoying it.” Steve nodded, a flush climbing his cheeks as he felt his cock begin to stir. Tony felt a wave of fondness. This Steve was absolutely perfect. Everything he had wanted from the man he’d known simply handed to him. “Good. Let me get the rest set up. You just relax.” Tony connected the other end of the tube to the bag of saline containing the personalized Extremis virus and hung it from a hook above the bed. It would be a lot for Steve to take, but he was looking forward to watching him struggle with it. He could have used less liquid to deliver the compound, but Steve suffered so beautifully. Was so willing to take everything, that Tony couldn’t resist.
"Too much... Too much... Please, Tony... Take it away, make it stop."
“No, alpha! Please! I’ll be good. I promise!”
As carefully as possible, he slid up towards the head of the bed, extracting himself from the two super soldiers. James stirred, eyes blinking open sleepily. Tony stroked his hair, whispering for him to go back to sleep. He curled closer to Steve, allowing the omega to settle firmly against his side, before closing his eyes and drifting off again.
Muttered words were garbled by the cup and Tony was intelligent enough to let it go. The table was quiet until Steve was finally awake and aware of his surroundings. A light blush stained his cheeks. “Morning, Tony. Sorry…”
Added to that, Tony and Bucky were both being mysterious and it was driving him insane. Not that he was a gossip, thank you very much Natasha. He just wanted to know what was going on with the two most important men in his life. Tony had a secret project he was working on in the lab, and refused Steve access while he was doing so. And Bucky still wouldn’t tell him who he kept sneaking out on dates with. Which left Steve with no distractions.
"Anything I want, all day? That was the deal?"
“Sweet boy. One of these days, I promise I actually will be nice to you.”
"Yes! Yes, it hurts!"
Which was not something he should think about if he wanted it to be a good day. So instead he flashed another smile at Tony before accepting a heaping plate from Bruce and sitting down to breakfast. Much to his surprise, Tony sat down across from him with a plate of his own instead of immediately disappearing into his workshop and began chattering away, catching him up on everything he’d missed while on his mission.
Again he rested his palm at the small of his back, leading him into a dimly lit Italian restaurant. They were immediately shown to a private booth at the back, curtained off from view by heavy velvet drapes. Tony guided him into the booth and slid in beside him.
Tony stood by Steve’s side, stroking his hair soothingly as Bruce pulled on gloves and stepped between the omega’s wide spread legs. “I’m going to start with the external examination first. I’ll need you to remove the plug when it’s time for the internal. I’m assuming it’s one of your designs?”
“Isn’t that a pretty sight, Steve.” Tony slicked his hand and began long soft strokes over him, the other hand pinning his hip to the bed. “You’ll take what I give you. And be grateful.”
He signed the necessary paperwork and directed the delivery of Steve’s files to the appropriate Stark Industries server. He’d given them a cursory inspection earlier, but was sure he’d need to review them again. Steve had been raised by his mother, also an omega, who rebelled against the system. There wasn’t much information on her, as she had passed away several years before. There was speculation that she had been abused by her alpha and run away. Mistreatment of omegas disgusted Tony. They were a precious commodity to be cared for and protected.
"What's the matter, baby? What do you need? Harder? Faster?"
“No, you’re not. But you still did it, didn’tcha?”
With a sigh, he set down his phone and climbed out of bed. He needed to get something to eat. Supersoldier metabolism couldn't really wait. He walked into the living room and stopped, blinking. There were flowers covering every available surface in the room. All different colors and types, filling the room with a delicate scent. Steve reached out and gently caressed the petals of a lilac setting on the end table. Tony must have done this. No one else would have filled Steve's apartment with flowers.
"Me too." Steve moved over to the large desk and allowed Tony to grab his arm and tug him down into his lap. "You help."
“Ready for your options, baby doll?”
Steve’s heart began to pound again. Tony had mentioned that Steve might be able to prove himself. If this was something that Tony really wanted, something that no one else would give him, wouldn’t that make him want to keep Steve? If he were to offer it willingly? “Whatever it is, if it’ll make you happy, I’ll do it.”
Clint smiled at him. "Go back with your boytoy, Cap. We'll be fine."
"Are we talking like favorite type of scotch or in the bedroom?"
“Want more coffee? I’m gonna have some.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky trembled beneath the intensity of that steady gaze. “Yes Sir…”
“I know. I should have come to you sooner. Forced my way in. Not waited until Buck riled me up enough to make me storm down here.”
He’d thought they were friends. Maybe closer than friends, if he was honest. But all it took was the reappearance of Bucky Barnes for Steve to cast everything aside. Or maybe Tony was the only thing he’d rid himself of. After all, the Rogues had been rescued from their prison. Thor and Banner were in the wind. Even Vision had abandoned him to be with Wanda.
"Tony..." Spent as he was, Steve felt a rush of heat through his body. He felt... Helpless. Completely owned. He pressed forward against Tony's body, mouth desperate against him.
Tony laughed. Possibly so he didn’t cry. No one had ever just… Believed him before. No questions. Just an easy acceptance and an immediate jump to his defense. Tony grabbed him, couldn’t help himself. Kissed him until they were both breathless and gasping. When he finally broke away, he pressed their foreheads together. “Alright sweetheart. Whatever you want. I already promised that. Besides, I think you’d look damn good in a tux…”
Steve collapsed against the bed, rutting into the sheets, trying to get pressure against his cock, rock onto the plug. Maybe trying to free himself. He wasn’t sure. The edge of orgasm slid out of reach, his cock softening before his eyes. A sob tore from his chest.
Moans turned into cries, as Tony continued to work him with his fingers, shallow thrusts to thoroughly coat his entrance in the medication. The longer it went on, the more desperate Steve became, obviously having forgotten about his punishment from earlier. Unable to resist, Tony stroked over the soft cocklet, drawing Steve’s attention back to it. When realization dawned, his eyes grew wide, tears sliding free. “No! Please! I need… I need it. Please!”
Steve sniffled. “Yes alpha.”
“Happens to us all, doesn’t it?”
Steve's breathing sped up. "I-I'll let you know. If I don't like it..."
Steve closed his eyes and buried his face in the blanket, idly listening to Tony moving around behind him. He sighed, relaxing into the touch as slick fingers probed at his hole, gently stretching him open. A soft whimper escaped his throat as the fingers retreated, but they were soon replaced with the smooth coolness of one of the many plugs Tony liked to slip inside of him. This one was a little smaller than the ones he usually used, and Steve's muscles clenched around it greedily.
Steve felt a fluttering sensation in his stomach that he quickly squashed. This man didn’t deserve his gratitude or his sympathy. He had taken him against his will, authorized medical procedures without Steve’s consent, and who knew what would happen to him next. There were no laws to protect an omega’s interests. He was completely at the alpha’s mercy. He forced a sneer onto his face, turning away. “All the better to control me with?”
There was no rush to their movements, no hurry. Only a slow exploration of bodies, pleasure building and cresting. Steve was the first to fall over the edge, crying out and wrapping his arms tight around the other man's shoulders, holding him close as he felt a rush of warmth inside him. As Tony came deep inside his body, collapsing against his chest, breaths heavy against his skin.
"Yeah, sweetheart. It's me. You been a good boy for me today?"
He had no idea how long they had been doing this. The world had faded away, leaving him floating in a place where only sensation mattered. He could hear Tony murmuring praise and endearments to him, and it seemed so far away.
For a few seconds of stunned silence fell over the crowd before the questions came flying faster than before.
Steve shook his head, nuzzling into Tony’s skin, purring softly. The scent of contented omega filled the air around them. “No, alpha. It was perfect.”
Steve thrust his hips in time to his small whimpers and cries, trying to find relief, the climb towards the edge slowed by the constant dull pain. Soon he was pleading, begging and whining, desperate for release, driven closer to by the unrelenting pressure, eyes constantly flickering between Tony’s hand on his cock and James’ unrestrained writhing in the chair. After holding his climax at bay for so long, Tony was the first to come, stroking himself through every last shudder. He could already imagine sliding between James’ plush lips, under Steve’s watchful gaze. Later, he promised himself. They had nothing but time. He’d make sure of it.
“That’s right, baby. You’re nice and soft here now, just like you’re supposed to be. Once we have you settled, I’m going to tie you down to the bed and run my mouth over every inch of you until you scream. Would you like that, omega?”
“You aren’t yet, but I promise, you will be.” Tony lay down beneath him, settled between Steve’s wide spread thighs, his weight on the bar immobilizing him further. Leaning up slightly, he took Steve’s cock into his mouth, sucking and bobbing his head, driving him to orgasm with no teasing or finesse. Steve started to whimper as he got close to the edge, knowing what was coming. Sure enough, right as the pleasure started to crest, Tony pulled off of him, harshly slapping the head of his cock. The heavy dribble of a ruined orgasm splattered the carpet, and Steve shuddered in his restraints, feeling miserable and jumbled up inside, and yet still half hard as Tony slid away.
A strong hand fisted in Steve’s hair, jerking his head back. “First of all, my name is Tony. You will address me as either that or alpha. Name calling will not be tolerated. Second, I am responsible for your well being. Which means I will do whatever is necessary for your care. And lastly, if you misbehave I can and will discipline you until you learn better. Do you understand?”
Steve let out a cry at the first touch of tongue to his sensitive hole, moaning as Tony plunged inside, playing with him roughly. He loved this. The softness of a tongue on so tender of an area. The strength of it flicking against the muscle. It didn't take long before he was writhing in the restraints, trying to get more.
“Such pretty tears for me, Steve. Do you like this? Want to spend the rest of you life begging me to touch you, hoping that I listen? That I’ll be sweet to you when you really need it?”
"It will be my pleasure." Tony eased him onto his side, sliding the key from around his neck, unlocking the cage and gently sliding it off. Eliciting a sigh of relief that turned into a startled gasp as he casually flipped him over onto his lap. He gently stroked over Steve's skin. "You remember what to say if it's too much?"
They spent the rest of the day relaxing. Steve had behaved well enough that Tony released his wrists, allowing him to sit at the table and eat dinner on his own. Afterwards he led him into the bath, sliding them both into the warm water. He used a soft cloth and a subtly scented soap to bathe him, not wanting to cover up the omega’s natural vanilla and honey scent. It gave them both an opportunity to relax, sorely needed after the last two days.
Steve leaned in, rubbing his cheek against Tony's cock, inhaling the scent of him, before he began lapping at the head. He parted his lips and slowly slid his mouth over him, moaning around the flesh filling his mouth. He loved the taste of him, the weight on his tongue. The way his lips spread around his girth. One hand rested on Tony's thigh for balance and the other reached up to cup his balls, weigh them in his palm and gently massage them.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Did you have a good time tonight, sweetheart?"
A gentle hand brushed the hair back from his forehead. Tony’s voice was rough. “It’s okay, sweetheart. I’ll take care of you. Let me get you cleared with medical, and then I’m taking you home. We’ll finish this there. Understood?”
Steve curled tighter into himself as the brunette continued to stare down at him blankly. Obviously he’d done something wrong. All he ever did was upset everyone. Upset Stark.
As James struggled to catch his breath, Tony heard the telltale hitch in Steve’s breathing. He tightened his grip on the chain, yanking the clamps free, destroying Steve’s pleasure yet again with the searing pain as blood rushed back to his abused nipples, tearing a scream from his throat, body so spent that not a single drop escaped from his soft cock. He continued to weep, from both exhaustion and need, turning pleading eyes onto Tony. Begging for either pleasure or rest.
It was the biggest rush Tony had every experienced. Having Steve Rogers, any version of Steve Rogers, completely at his mercy. And this one in particular. He was so soft and sweet. Words Tony never would have used to describe Captain America. He clung to him so perfectly. Begged, pleaded, and in the end gave Tony anything he wanted.
"Please what, sweetheart?"
"You're not now, but you will be." Tony's tone had dropped to a lower register, almost a growl, that caused Steve's stomach to clench in want. "Go to the bedroom, there's a blindfold in the nightstand. I want you to be naked, on the bed, with the blindfold on by the time I get there. If not, it'll only be worse for you later. Understand?"
"Yeah. Thank you, Tony."
His cries turned louder, desperate. The war between pain and arousal raged through him, with no clear winner. Each time Steve felt like he was close to the edge of orgasm, the pain from his neglected glands was enough to steal the pleasure from his grasp. The vibrations pulsing through his caged cock were enough to make him want to scream. Each time felt like too much, and still his alpha pushed him through more, made him take it. Every time his body released, Tony simply cranked the vibrations higher. He begged and pleaded with the other man to stop, to let him rest. To not make it worse.
"Don't worry. You'll get yours soon enough." He pulled back with a final lick, smiling wickedly as Steve whimpered from the loss of contact. "I was just going to take off your cage. You want that, right?"
"Tony... Please..."
Once he was able to catch his breath, Tony gathered him close, holding Steve tightly until his knot went down. As soon as he began to slide free, Steve was whining in distress, trying to hold onto him, keep him close. “It’s okay, sweetheart. You stay right there for just a second. I’m gonna get your plug, alright?”
"That's right. So I'm thinking for two major infractions, twenty minutes should be fair. Yeah, that sounds right."
A sharp crack splits the air, and the flesh of his ass burns from the smack. “No. Try again. Who am I?”
Steve shuddered as the rupture of the gland flooded through him, allowing his body to absorb the corresponding hormones from the claiming alpha’s saliva and come. An overwhelming burning sensation began to spread through his sore passage, the alpha’s come branding him as property. He struggled weakly, but it was too late. Even if he managed to escape now, his body would be dependent on this specific alpha for the rest of his life. Suppressants would no longer be an option. He might even go into heat.
Steve went limp, nearly fainting, as every throb of the alpha’s cock drew a shuddering aftershock from him. He couldn’t stop the whimpers, as every shift or twitch wrung more pleasure from his spent body. Finally they were still, his alpha’s strong arms holding him close. A petal soft kiss was placed on his lips, and he turned into it, desperately wanting more of the gentleness. Tony kissed him until he was dizzy, floating somewhere beyond his body where everything was peaceful and calm.
Unable to resist, Steve followed him into the living room and made himself comfortable on the loveseat, watching as Tony kicked the others off the tv and pulled up the movie list he’d made of things that Steve “had to see”. They spent the afternoon watching movies, talking, and sharing snacks. Some of the others joined them for parts of the day, and by dinner time, everyone was sprawled out in the room arguing over which movie they should watch next.
The first video footage Tony found of the process caused him to loose not only his lunch but his ability to sleep for several days. He picked up an old project, modified it to help rather than play with old memories. Called in a favor or twenty to get everything he needed. Steve deserved everything good in the world, and Tony was damn well going to make sure he had it. Even if it broke his heart in the process.
“I’ll tell you what, sweetheart, if you can get hard, I’ll let you come, okay?”
He turned, walking back to the dining table, taking a chair beside the wall. The board lifted a few feet off the ground, following beside him. It tilted, leaning back against the wall next to him, leaving Steve easily in reach. Tony poured two cups of coffee, turning to look at the restrained omega. “Do you like coffee?”
“He wasn’t… As creative as you. Or as mean. But he kept me in line, back when I was just a little guy, and later during the war. I knew he’d always give me what I needed, and I could just let go. He was always a fan of spankings. Said I’d earned so many back in Brooklyn that he could spend the rest of his life doling them out.” The fond smile faded. “I guess he did. I never even had anything I could take home to his Ma. They had to bury an empty box.”
Tony offered his arm and Steve allowed himself to be led downstairs to the limo. After they had settled in the back, Tony turned to face him. "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
“You do, Steve. And the fact that you can’t admit what’s wrong shows just how bad off you are.”
"Are you going to fight me, Steve? Tell me not to, when we both know that this is exactly what you want. Are you going to be a good boy for me, sweetheart."
“Then you must be right, Tony.”
They stayed that way for a long while, Tony gently stroking his hair, eyes half closed, enjoying the peace of the moment. Steve's thoughts seemed to drift away, letting him sink down into that hazy feeling, almost like he was floating.
“I want to be inside of you so fucking bad. And you’re not going to make me wait, are you? Gonna be a good boy for me and let me have you.” Tony pressed the head of his cock against Steve’s soaked hole, felt the passage clench and ripple around him as he pressed all the way inside in a single slow stroke. He groaned, losing himself in the sensations. Nothing had ever felt better than the wet heat pulsing around him.
Finally the fingers slid away and he could feel Tony lining up behind him, cock pressed lightly against his entrance. Steve groaned, trying to push backwards against him, impale himself on the thick length.
Steve moaned, began thrusting the toy in and out, slowly getting faster, the slick sounds of Tony's hand moving over his own cock behind him spurring him on.
“How long do you think it’ll take you to heal minor injuries?”
"Alright..." Tony sounded far too pleased with himself, which Steve had learned meant trouble.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean… I know how important your work is. I don’t expect you to drop everything to spend time on me. I mean, you’re a busy man.”
"Yes, Sir." Steve felt his shoulders relax for the first time in two days. This was exactly what he needed. "Thank you, Sir."
“That I wouldn’t eat… I know you said in the beginning it was a rule…”
"Yes, Sir..."
“I looked over his history. I think we can deal with a lot of the physical issues fairly simply. As for the mental ones, I’d be happy to make some recommendations based on what worked with James.”
“Present for me, omega.”
Once he was calm, Tony was moving again. Bucky felt a light touch on his soft cock, jerked with a bolt of panic. Tony continued his ministrations calmly, lifting it and sliding a slitted metal tube around the softened flesh. His balls were just as carefully pressed through a metal ring, a thin metal strip running between, lifting and separating them. Then Tony’s touch was gone. Instead the metal seemed to come alive, moving on it’s own, closing protectively around Bucky’s cock, tightening down until there was no chance the restrained flesh would be able to harden. The loop shrunk around his balls, squeezing them together, holding them close to his body. His cock was bent back, curved into itself, followed by the unmistakeable click of a lock. Everything stilled.
He started to ask how he’d know, when the inside of his passage started pulsing. He could feel it spasming uncontrollably around the plug. The throbbing turned into a low burn that left him feeling weak and dizzy, with a vicious need to get fucked hard and deep. He writhed against the restraints, unsure of where he was trying to go. What he was trying to accomplish. Just needing to move. Another released took him off guard, the pulsing around his cock seeming to grow in intensity. “N-Now!”
“Good boy. You’re so good for me. I love it.” Icy metal was pressed to Steve’s entrance and slowly guided just past his rim. His muscles locked up from the cold, but Tony had been too thorough in his preparations for Steve to keep the object out. “What’s the matter, sweetheart? Don’t like it?”
Steve was certain he remembered Tony carrying him to bed, being surrounded by the alpha’s scent when he fell asleep after a week of torment and suffering. However when he woke the next morning, his hands and feet were bound securely to the far side of the bed, with Tony nowhere to be seen. JARVIS must have alerted him that Steve was awake, because a few moments later the restraints released, metal retracting into the normal bands on his wrists and ankles. He stood, taking the time to stretch sore muscles before hurrying through his morning routine and going to find Tony in the living room.
And now we have a POV change! And plot! So much plot! How did that happen?
“Yeah? Nothing you want to get off your chest?”
Steve drifted awake to the feeling of soft kisses being trailed over his forehead, his cheeks, and finally his lips. He allowed himself a moment to savor the gentle caress before blinking his eyes open to smile up at Tony.
Before Steve could ask what he meant, Tony was stroking him to hardness, coating his cock in a thin slick substance. A tube was slid over his cock, a soft hiss coming from the mechanism as it tightened down around him, followed by a humming sound. The slick material around his cock began to shift in pulsating movements, feeling almost like a mouth sucking him. Steve moaned, hips jerking down against the surface of the frame as it continued steadily. “T-Tony…?”
Steve didn’t wait a moment before launching himself out of the chair and through the door into Tony’s room, his mind already filled with horrific images of the other man hooked up to machines and barely clinging to life. Which was why it was such a shock to burst into the room and see him sitting on the bed looking… Fine. No visible wounds. No blood or bruising or machines. Just normal Tony.
Tony leaned forward, teeth digging into the side of his neck and gripping firmly, a growl buzzing against his skin. Steve’s muscles went limp, head falling to the side to expose more of his throat to the other man.”You will obey me, Steve. And when I tell you to do something, that is exactly what you’re going to do. I have been extremely indulgent this past week, but obviously that isn’t what my omega needs. My boy needs something to fight and struggle against. So that is exactly what I’ll give you. Tonight, you are going to rest, because you have still had a very long day. And tomorrow, I’m going to punish you. And when I’m done, we’ll see if you ever disobey me or decide to growl at your alpha again.”
Steve finally took a moment to stand still. Between getting the infinity stones, fighting Thanos’ army, then returning the stones back to where, and when, the’d come from, he’d lost all track of time. His last stop had been in 1970. He knew everyone expected him to stay. Make things work with Peggy. Have the romantic happily ever after. The problem was that Steve couldn’t do it.
“My cage. Please. I need it. Want it to stop. Please…”
Steve obediently shuffled around as he was told, unable to see most of the room. Tony was back almost immediately, pushing his legs apart, fastening a spreader bar between his thighs and cranking it so wide that Steve could feel the painful stretch in his muscles. A thick padded collar was fastened around his neck and his wrists attached to it, leaving him exposed and off balance. Tony pushed him forward against the footboard, attaching the front of the collar to a small hook. He struggled not to fall forward, but Tony solved that by attaching a line from the back of the collar to the spreader bar, immobilizing him further.
Work is still mind numbingly dull. Have another evil kinky chapter! Next one should be from evil Tony’s POV. Something to look forward to. Let me know what you think in the comments and I hope you enjoy!
Every release made him feel more sore and swollen. Each drag of Tony’s lips and tongue both agony and ecstasy. Tony braced his forearm across Steve’s hips, keeping him pinned beneath him as he struggled to free himself from the unending torment. The delicate skin of his cock felt raw, his prostate cramping within his passage. The next release was agony, a hollow ache in his balls as he came dry. He had nothing left to give, and Tony still didn’t stop. Was moaning around him in enjoyment, and Steve still wasn’t hard. His cock didn’t so much as twitch, staying soft and useless beneath Tony’s ministrations.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment, savoring the instant agreement from the new and improved version of the most stubborn man he’d ever met. He opened his eyes, refocusing on the conversation. “I’m going to have Happy take you to a spa today. I’ve already scheduled all of your treatments. You’ve been played with hard lately, so today you’re going to get pampered within an inch of your life.”
"Alright sweetheart." He stood, allowing Steve to finish undressing him before sitting on the edge of the bed. "Are you going to strip for me? Give me something pretty to look at?"
“You’re so sweet, Steve. Unfortunately, that just makes me want to wreck you.”
Steve bit his lip, toes digging in for purchase. He didn’t have room to lift himself off the toy, had to content himself with rolling his hips and rocking back and forth. It felt good, especially considering how sensitive he already was, but was nowhere enough to bring him to release. And Tony knew it. He watched Steve struggle for a while, eyes dark and focused solely on him. He picked up the slim remote, turning it over in his hands, drawing Steve’s eyes to it again and again as he waited for the inevitable.
Tony sighed, setting down the mug. “Today isn’t going to be an easy day, Steve. We need to start working on your omega gland. It’ll be much worse if we wait until after you’ve gone into heat. If you’re a good boy, and let me do what needs to be done, then I’ll call Bruce and arrange for him to come over later with his omega. You can have someone to talk to and maybe make a new friend. Which I think would be good for you.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah, it is. And… I want to keep playing with you. Especially now that I know it’s you. I want to see your face.”
Steve wasn't sure what he was supposed to be preparing for. The plug flicked on to the highest setting, sensitivity making it nearly unbearable. And then he felt Tony slap his caged cock. Not hard, but it was enough. He screamed as each strike landed, agony lancing through his cock and tears pouring down his cheeks.
"Damn it. I'm sorry. I should have thought of that. You got me a little distracted."
Steve was sullenly quiet for several minutes before he finally answered. “Yes…”
“Stevie-“
When he finally received the report from Extremis indicating that the entirety of the virus was absorbed, Tony gently tapped Steve’s cheek, getting his attention. “Almost done, alright? And then you’ll have one less you owe me. Okay?”
Steve shook his head, an intoxicating blush blooming on his cheeks. “No alpha…”
Tony didn’t help the situation, pulling him back and forth, turning him around again and again, as he stripped his clothes off. “Here, sweetheart. Down on your knees. That’s right. Arms here.” He guided Steve to his knees in the middle of the suit pieces. As soon as his skin touched metal, it wrapped around his calves, locking them in place and forcing his thighs open wide. He was guided into arm pieces that crossed behind his back before fastening securely. Pieces of metal, of the suit, closed around most of his body, leaving him restrained and helpless, unable to move, with only his cock and ass uncovered. Struggling against the metal had no result. No matter how much he fought, he couldn’t move even an inch. Held perfectly still, waiting for whatever Tony would do to him next.
“Naw. Course not. I kicked and fought and tried to have my way. All that got me was drugged up and strapped to a table for my first time. He marked me up, brought me home. First night I got into the kitchen, stole a knife and tried to stab him.”
Steve let out a sharp cry, almost another scream, body arching high enough to lift them both off the bed as he finally found release. It seemed to last forever, causing his vision to white out as he dropped back to the bed, muscles trembling. Tony rode him down, squeezing tight around him. "Come on, baby. You can go again. You're still hard, I can feel it. One more for me. Come on."
Steve growled again, trying to pull free from Tony’s grip. He held him still long enough to prove that he could, before sliding from his body and replacing the plug. He rolled Steve onto his back, so he could look at him as he spoke. “I wanted this to be a nice morning, give you a chance to settle in. You had a hard day yesterday. I understand that. But you’re not making it easy on me. Now, are you going to be a good little omega and let us get up and have some breakfast?”
Steve turned his head to glare at the older man, eyes flashing with determination. "I... Can do this... All day..."
Steve soon lost track of time. He knew days passed, based on the times the gag was removed to allow him to eat, and Tony dragging him to bed each night. The other man held Steve close, and every time he would squeeze his eyes shut, desperate for the oblivion of sleep. He was not that lucky. The pressure of the liquid weighing him down inside slowly decreased, but the cramping agony of the plug did not. The buzzing vibrator was his constant companion, turned off only when it was time for another attempt at sleep, but even then the unrelenting desire for pleasure didn’t stop. He watched his belly flatten with resignation, knowing it meant he was absorbing whatever drug he’d been filled with.
“Tony! Tony, please. Please…”
He gripped Steve's hips tighter, pulling him back into his mouth. The back of the briefs were wet, dragging against his hole with every stroke of his tongue until Tony dragged them to the side so he could lap at bare skin. Steve cried out, back arching, clenching desperately around Tony's tongue each time it stroked inside of him, rocking against him uncontrollably.
“Yeah. You know, I forgot how much of a jerk he was.”
The permission sapped what was left of Steve’s willpower. He rocked up desperately against Tony, grinding his caged cock against a muscular thigh. And felt absolutely nothing. The cage was too well designed. No hint of sensation could make it through the unyielding metal. A sob stuck in his throat as he continued to thrust fruitlessly. “Tony! Tony, please! Please!”
A groan rips from Steve’s throat and again any control he had gained is gone. He braces against the bed with his elbows and slams down against the mattress, grinding the cage into the soft bedding over and over again, desperate for even the slightest hint of touch against his aching cock.
Steve couldn’t help the smile that grew on his face just from watching Tony, relaxed and in his element. “Of course you are. Sure, I’ll have another cup.”
"Such a good boy. Now, do you remember what I said I was going to do, once you were begging me to lock you up again?"
"I have something else for you."
He heard the sound of an elevator followed by quiet voices, but chose to ignore them. He wasn’t ready to deal with more condescension yet. Footsteps moved over the carpet, drawing closer to where he sat. A sharp gasp. “Stevie?”
Tony’s fingers sifted through tousled blond hair. “We’re okay, sweetheart. We can talk about the rest later. How about you just lay here and let me hold you?”
"Good night, sweetheart."
After Tony disappeared to work, Steve’s frustration overwhelmed him. He tugged uselessly at the cage before carefully exploring every inch of the metal with his fingertips looking for weaknesses. There weren’t any. Next he turned his attentions to the plug, twisting and pulling at the base in an attempt to work it out of his hole. Also no success. The more Steve tried, the larger it swelled inside of him, locking in place similar to a knot. But with a curved area designed to not allow any pressure on his omega gland or prostate.
"Uh oh..." Color flooded his cheeks when he realized what he had done. And the future consequences.
"I know, sweetheart. To bed now. Tomorrow, I'm going to wreck you."
Steve sobbed through his orgasm, his body trying to clamp down around the overlarge plug and the liquid stretching him open. Tony continued to stroke him, enjoying the way his pet twitched from oversensitivity.  The way the tears flowed down his cheeks. When he started to pull away, trying to escape, Tony twisted a hard hand in Steve’s hair, holding him in place. “I’m being very generous with you right now. You will thank me, and stay where you’re supposed to.”
"Steve..." The way he said his name was soft, like a prayer. "You are so fucking good to me, you know that?"
Biting back a moan, Steve dug through the box, finding the lube and slicking his fingers. He rolled to his knees, reaching back and rubbing his fingers over himself hesitantly. It was different when Tony was the one doing it.
Steve buried his face against the other man's thigh, trying to hide his blush.
Hoping to distract himself, Steve cleared his throat. “Do you… Do you do this sort of thing often?”
“I… I did?”
"Shh... Almost there." There was none of the thrusting or stroking Steve had come to expect, just firm pressure inside of him, feeling almost like the build to orgasm, drawing whimpers and moans from him. The tension increased, shivering down his spine, tensing his muscles, but not quite right. And then he felt it. Come dribbled from his cock, with no accompanying pleasure, leaving him feeling twisted and jangled inside like the ruined orgasm Tony had punished him with had done before. The difference was in the duration. This didn't stop. Tony kept pressing against the swollen gland until his balls were empty and aching, until there was nothing left to drip out.
Tony sighed heavily. “It became public knowledge that I took a mate. You know that. When you live under the press’ watchful eye, they jump on things fast. The day you had your little tantrum, I’d gotten a phone call from someone I used to know. His name is Tiberius Stone. He reminded me of what a fuck up the general population thinks I am. That no one would stay with me willingly. That I’d have to force them to. And it hit a little too close to what you’d been saying… I guess I kind of broke. I have a history with Ty, and one of our other mutual acquaintances.”
"Back with me, sweetheart?"
“Come for me Steve. Right now.” Tony held him in place, softening cock in his throat. Felt him moan around him and shake helplessly in his grasp. “Again.” A whine as his body responded, breaking apart at a single command from his alpha. He ordered him to release over and over, until tears were streaming down Steve’s cheeks steadily, a constant tremor running through his oversensitive body. Tony slid his rapidly hardening cock from Steve’s throat, watching him gasp and cough even as he continued to hold his position. “Present for me, pretty baby.”
Steve nodded, mind spinning. Tony had a new toy for him, and that was often something the other man had made just for him, fantasizing about being able to use it on him. Tony started moving towards the bedroom at a brisk pace. If he tried to, Steve might be able to get there before the other man. Might even be able to hold the plug in place that long. If he tried.
The warm glow of having struggled and succeeded to please his Dominant, of putting their needs above his own desires buoyed Steve for the next week. Being with Tony, and knowing it was him, was amazing. He had forgotten how much happiness could come from that type of relationship. How much comfort and security he could find, not being in charge or making the decisions.
"He- He asked me out to dinner."
“Yes Sir.”
“Good boy. So polite.” He pushed Steve back against the bed, straddling his chest, and gripping him hard. Pushing his pecs together roughly around his cock. It did look a lot like a woman’s cleavage. Like breasts. And then Tony was thrusting between them, moaning, careless of anything except his own pleasure. Using Steve like an object that existed solely for that purpose. It shouldn’t have been as exciting as it was, but it caused his stomach to twist tighter with arousal. He was so close. So close to coming despite the cage, but he couldn’t quite reach it.
Tony was quiet for a moment, processing. But his fingers continued combing through Steve’s hair. “And in your world, I’m an alpha?”
"You don't mind? If we go ahead?"
“T-Tony… I need…” He couldn’t continue, but the AI seemed to understand him anyway.
"Thank you... Brother..." Loki whispered, voice cracking.
“Good boy. I think that’s enough for tonight.”
"Oh no." Firm hands gripped Steve's hips, pressing him back down to the bed. "You stay where I put you. Or am I going to have to tie you down?"
Tony guided him to his feet, keeping his arms around him, and led him into the bathroom. Jarvis had already started water running into the bathtub and steam was beginning to fill the room. Tony stepped into the tub, pulling Steve with him, and then eased them both down into the hot water, chasing away the last of the lingering chill. He sighed in contentment, relaxing back against the older man's chest.
"Look, until you give me a reason to feel otherwise, I'm going to consider you a friend. And I don't sit back and let my friends be hurt. I don't like bullies. I don't care if they call themselves a god or not."
He blew out a breath. “Alright. What I was going to say was that I didn’t really get hungry before. Especially not when I was going through chemo or radiation.”
“Now, Steve. You have permission.”
“Yeah. Sounds like a similar case to mine.”
“Then what, Steve? I don’t have all day.”
Tony laughed. "I know. I'm so mean to you, but you take it so well. Are you ready for me to turn them on?"
"Need a ride, Cap?"
Once he was able to press easily into Steve’s passage, the alpha began exploring. Firm pressure against a specific spot caused Steve to writhe harder and curse. He didn’t want the pleasure the touch was bringing him, refused to give in. To stop fighting. His breath was loud in his ears, but he could still hear the man speaking to the handler in the corner. “The glands aren’t developed right, they’ll need a lot of work. That’s alright, I know a chemist who specializes in that type of treatment. I hear the process is more than a little uncomfortable, but he’s strong enough to take it.”
Tony disconnected from the call, sending Steve’s medical files to Bruce so he’d be better prepared. He stepped to the side of the bed. It would be better to have him settled before Bruce got there. Lifting his omega in his arms once more, he carried him to the training room. “JARVIS, can you have the med floor prepped?”
“Yes…”
“Anytime sweetheart. Trust me, it was my pleasure.”
Tony began to roll his hips up against Steve, matching his rhythm with the slow strokes over his cock. There was nothing hurried, as though they had all the time in the world. Pleasure built slowly, a steady climb to the edge, and Steve finally fell, spilling over Tony's fist, squeezing around him, until he felt Tony come inside of him, filling him with wet heat.
As Tony started to slowly drag himself free before plunging deep inside of Steve’s body again, he slid a hand slowly up one muscular thigh. He wanted the encounter to be as good for the omega as it currently was for him, although judging by the sounds Steve was making it already was. Tony reached for the other man’s cock, and was shocked to find it soft.
"But Tony, I-"
Tony pinched his nipples hard, twisting and rolling them relentlessly. Steve whined as his cock throbbed in the cage, seeming to pulse in time with the stimulation to his chest. His hands dropped down to cover it, fingers sliding over the smooth metal, tugging on it restlessly.
“Gee, lemme think. Because I know you?”
I've taken some liberties with extremis, so just for clarification: I predominately work with characters as portrayed in the MCU, however, extremis there is creepy, so for that I'm using a loose adaptation of the comic book version cobbled together from a little internet research and reading a lot of fanfiction. I hope that helps.
Tony strode away from him, disappearing into a closet, leaving Steve to strip off his clothes with shaking hands. Now that it was really happening and too late for second thoughts, he began to feel the chill of fear creeping through him. He’d thought he knew what kind of man Tony Stark was, but this wasn’t the version he’d known. This Tony was cold and commanding. There was the distinct possibility that Steve would end up dead by the end of the week, but even that was a relief in its own way. He was standing naked in the middle of the room, shivering in the cool air when Tony returned.
Gentle fingers brushed his cheek. "Sweetheart, you know you're welcome to spend time downstairs with me whenever you'd like, right? I gave you full access a while ago."
“Nothing that’ll hurt you, Steve. And what does it matter? I can do whatever I want.”
He didn’t realize at first that the machine had gone still, until the sound of Tony’s voice penetrated the miserable fog around him. “Such a good boy. Such a sweet omega for me.” The restraints released but Steve couldn’t hold his own weight, collapsing into Tony’s arms. Each place the metal had bound him was gently massaged and softly kissed. Tony gathered him closer, sliding a hand between his thighs through a mess of slick and come to test the area.
"Of course I did, baby. Now get a move on."
Tony's arms tightened around him. "Oh baby. I'm so sorry."
Tong growled against the wet skin, the coarse hairs of his goatee rubbing over Steve’s entrance, making him feel sensitive and sore. He couldn’t get the words free, couldn’t even beg for what he needed. Tony was building him higher and higher. The alpha had to know what he was doing to him, which meant it was deliberate. Tony wanted him like this.
"Good, so good baby. So close. Come on, swallow me down Steve. Just like that." He let out a ragged moan, head falling back, as Steve desperately swallowed around him until he was drawn away. "Such a good boy."
Steve couldn’t help the whimper that fell from his lips when Tony slid free from his body. He was immediately pulled back into his alpha’s strong arms. “What’s wrong, honey? Tell me.”
"And you'll let me come?"
His cock tried to stir in it’s confines, and Steve let out a soft cry, doubling over to bury his face against the couch once he realized that the cage prevented him from even getting hard. Someone else was in control, and it made arousal burn through his veins with an almost frightening intensity. A soft chime pulled him from his thoughts and turned him back to the cell phone.
“I don’t want it. Please… Make it stop.”
A wave of calm flooded him. This was right. Somehow, Stark had helped him get it right. Steve relaxed, feeling like he could breathe for the first time that entire day. “Yes, alpha…” His voice was soft, but there was less fear present in the tone.
Tony helped Steve from the bath, drying him with warmed towels as the water drained. He guided him back to the bedroom, pressing him onto the bed and attaching a lead from the headboard to the collar. Steve made a disgruntled sound, but didn’t fight it. Tony quickly finished drying himself off, turning out the lights and curling behind him on the bed.
A firm grip on his shoulder jerked him around to face Bucky. “What, were you raised in a barn? Be nice Stevie. This is Remy. He was part of the mission to bring me in, help me get home.”
“As I was saying, you have been building up a whole list of strikes against you. I know you rubbed off on the bed before I got you locked up. And how many times you’ve tried to take off your cage or take out your plug. Not to mention your attitude the last few days. You’ve earned yourself one hell of a punishment, sweetheart.”
Steve cried out again, only a few drops spilling with his orgasm. His balls were throbbing, wrung dry, and his cock was agony. Each touch of Tony's hand feeling like sandpaper scraping over the delicate skin. "Please! Tony, Sir , please!"
After they’d eaten and dressed, Tony kissed Steve senseless and sent him down for Happy to escort. It made the day of boring and endless meetings a little more bearable, knowing that Steve was being scraped down, oiled up, waxed off, and buffed smooth. All under his direction. When Tony finally returned to the penthouse that night, Steve was waiting for him. Naked and kneeling in the center of the living room rug, head bowed, arms crossed behind his back.
“I said you could, sweetheart. I didn’t say I was going to help.” He sped his thrusts, roughly fucking Steve’s chest, the head of his cock appearing and disappearing from view, before he came. Stripes of white covered Steve’s chest and face. Tony slid down to the bed, relaxed and boneless. The dildo stilled inside Steve, full length buried inside of him. He couldn’t help the soft whimpers and hurt noises that slipped free. It was what he wanted, exactly what he wanted. But it was also too much. Too intense to survive.
"Jarvis?"
“Y-you’re right. I-I’m sorry. Th-thank you, Sir. F-for taking care of me…”
"I had to spar with the Hulk yesterday, Steve. The Hulk! There's a billionaire shaped dent in the wall now!"
Steve set the phone down, burying his face in his arms. All thoughts of work were gone, pushed away by the constant buzzing in his ass, strong enough to echo through the metal of the cage, driving him to distraction. Giving up, he pushed away from the desk and carefully made his way to the elevator and back up to the penthouse. If Tony was going to spend the day torturing him, he at least wanted to be upstairs in his space.
Steve shifted back onto his hands and knees, stretching his arms out in front of him, forehead resting against the soft blankets and ass offered up in the air, thighs spread wide. The soft murmur of appreciation from behind him made him flush with pride.
“Go on, sweetheart. Tell me what you think. If you don’t like it, if it doesn’t make you feel safe, I need you to tell me and I can find something else.”
"It's called a cock cage. Keep you all sweet and desperate for me." A flash of metal caught Steve's attention. On a chain draped around Tony's neck, was a small silver key, suspended over the arc reactor.
Tony smiled again, the corners of his eyes crinkling in amusement. "Of course it is. You won't forget?"
Tony forced him over the edge and ruined his release over and over until he was wrung out and empty, jittery with the sensations, and sobbing, clinging to him desperately.”Tony… Tony, please…”
Earlier than he normally cared to be up and awake, Tony was readying himself for the day. If he was going to meet potential omegas, he wanted to get it over with sooner rather than later. If they all proved to be a disappointment, it allowed him time to plan his next move. If there was an interesting specimen in the bunch, then he’d want the bulk of the day to prepare. He drove to the location he’d been provided and schooled his features before he stepped inside.
“Thanks Buck.”
“It’s not too much? The way I like to play with you?” Steve was such an eager and responsive sub that Tony couldn’t seem to resist teasing and tormenting him on a regular basis. No matter what his initial plans had been.
“I can’t… Tony, I can’t…”
"Yes Tony."
Thor held him closer, relief obvious on his face, prompting the Avengers to put down their weapons. Tony stepped out of the suit, eyes glowing briefly as he sent it away. "In that case, glad to have you back, Point Break. We've got a lot to catch up on. You hungry?"
Stark had simply waved away his arguments like they didn't matter when he tried to explain that this was too much. Steve didn't need an entire floor. He didn't need a bed large enough to have a tasteful orgy on. Or a bathtub... Okay, scratch that, having a bathtub big enough to actually fit his entire body into for the first time since the serum was nearly a religious experience. But the rest seemed far too excessive.
Steve flew out of the chair, spinning around so fast he nearly fell. “Buck?”
Finally the grip around him released. The dildo drew out of his body, leaving him gaping open and clenching around nothing. There was a hollow throbbing in his cock and deep inside his ass. Tears still spilled down his cheeks. Aftershocks made him shudder, drawing echoes of pleasure and pain from his abused flesh. He felt hot and swollen everywhere.
"Tony..."
"Hey. Look at me." Tony turned around so he could meet Steve's gaze. "I will always keep my word to you. Always. Got it?"
"He's kinky, I take it?"
"Good?"
Sorry this one took a little longer. This was somehow a difficult chapter. I think I'm too used to writing mean Tony. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it, let me know what you think in the comments!
“Tony! Tony, please!”
"Okay. All set. I'll start the timer as soon as it starts."
So, armed with a tablet and a portable keyboard, possibilities have opened up. And you know what that means? If you answered kinky smut, you’re 100% correct!
Steve's hands shook as he slowly peeled off his shirt and folded it neatly. Tony's eyes were dark and didn't leave him for a second. He slid off his shoes and placed them under the chair before adding his socks to the top of the pile. His pants came next, and even as he tried to fight it, he could feel the blush burning his skin. Hesitantly, he shed his briefs and placed them on the neat stack, slowly turning to face Tony. Steve's hands twisted together in front of him, as though they could hide his mostly hard cock.
Tony slapped his ass with a small chuckle. "Alright sweetheart. Let's get you unlocked for our little game. Sound good?"
Steve slid closer, pressing his body against Tony's. "I want breakfast. Belgian waffles and bacon. And I want to blow you while we wait for it. Sound good?"
“Good boy. Ready?”
Tony let his eyes run over the exhausted omega as he was released from the table. All his now. A few more formalities and he’d be able to take him home. Start his training. His cock twitched at the thought, eager to be buried inside the omega’s tight heat again. Possessiveness mixed with lust. Returning his focus to the present, Tony retrieved the bag he’d left on a table. His boy was incredibly stubborn, and as soon as he was able would fight again. Tony needed to gain the upper hand now.
"Fuck I love that blush. Okay, sweetheart. Let's finish you up now." Tony began to spank him in earnest, covering his ass and thighs until they were pink and throbbing, the front of the silk soaked from his cock, and his head spinning. "Good boy, on your knees now."
"I know, baby. But this kind of hurt? I love. You should see yourself. Helpless, and hurting, and completely mine." He knelt on the bed, fisted a hand in his hair, jerking Steve's head back, forcing him to meet his gaze. "This is what it means to be mine. This is what I want from you, what I want to do to you. Over and over again until you can't imagine anyone touching you except for me. Anyone pleasing you but me. Is that what you want, baby? Do you want to belong to me?"
“That’s how you want it then? Alright baby, don’t say I never give you what you want…” Tony began to pound into him relentlessly, proving immediately that he’d been holding back in the past. Each thrust was deep and savage, wringing endless screams of pleasure from Steve’s throat. Every time he thought he couldn’t take any more, that Tony couldn’t drag any more pleasure from his abused body, he was proved wrong. Time passed in a blur as Tony moved inside of him, knot slowly swelling, popping in and out of his swollen hole with every thrust, until finally it had grown too large. Tony forced the bulge back into Steve’s spasming passage just as it reached its full size, locking them together. He continued thrusting forward, unable to pull free, but still needing to move.
And of course that was when the elevator doors opened and Stark walked in. Repulser gauntlet primed and aimed at Bucky’s face. “What the fuck do you want, Barnes?”
He could feel his cock getting hard again, the machine's pace speeding up, driving him closer to another orgasm. Pinpricks of pain blended with the pleasure. He squeezed his eyes closed, trying to hold back and failing, coming over Tony's hand a second time. A wail tore from his throat as neither of them stopped torturing his sensitive body.
“As soon as I can. I promise.” He drew back from their embrace, snagging a pillow and dropping in in front of the chair. “Kneel for me sweetheart.”
Steve spent the day wandering the apartment, unable to focus on the book he had chosen. He followed JARVIS’ directions to heat something for lunch and again for dinner when Tony still hadn’t returned. It was well after dark when Tony strode into the room, gesturing for Steve to follow him into the bedroom. He was immediately bent over the end of the bed and bred with little regard for his pleasure, or it seemed for Tony’s.
“They did a lot of testing. Were hoping the serum would make me an alpha. The SSR was incredibly disappointed when I went into heat.”
“I’m well aware you know that I was drunk last night. I ran into Sunset Bane at the gala. You asked about her. Do you remember?”
"It doesn't say good things. Okay. We have a plan. I'll get started on it tomorrow."
Between their excursions around New York, and the time spent over coffee or tea chatting quietly in the safety of the tower, Loki began to slowly open up to him. The picture he painted of his prior life was unrelentingly bleak, even with the moderated descriptions offered by him. Steve knew how to read between the lines well enough to understand exactly what they were protecting him from.
"I am. I want everyone to know that I'm yours. And you're mine."
Bucky nodded, his entire focus directed at the food on his place, unable to look up at either of them. He was allowed a respite, until the last bite was cleared from every plate. Tony clapped his hands together before standing. “Steve, why don’t you take James into our room and get comfortable. I’m going to go grab a few things.”
"Steve, I told you, next time I had to go on a trip, I was taking you with me. Don't you remember?"
“Oh.” The genius’s pleasure visibly dimmed, causing Steve’s stomach to clench. “Why, what did you need?”
"I see. Wanted to come that badly?"
Steve nodded. "Yes, Tony."
"Did you want to?"
At the first touch of Steve’s slick to his hole, James moaned quietly, soft breathy noises falling from his lips as Tony’s fingers moved inside of him, and a barely audible whimper when they slid free. Tony rubbed the remaining slick over the surface of the toy, then positioned it at James’ entrance. It was fairly slim, with two larger bumps designed to cradle the prostate. Tony carefully slid the toy inside of him, listening carefully for any sign of distress. When it was fully seated, Tony stretched the attached ring of silicon to slide over James’ cage and settle around the base, holding the toy firmly in place.
"I appreciate that. A lot. It's hard to get used to someone wanting to take care of me and spoil me. He sent me to a spa today. Because he wanted me relaxed for this weekend. I mean, how ridiculous is that. Me hanging out with all the pampered trophy wives. But it's also kind of nice. To feel cared for like that."
Steve’s head thrashed on the pillow, a pitiful whine falling from his swollen lips. Tony reached past Bucky, tapping the end of the toy. The sound of the vibrations increased, and Steve let out a wail. Fluid rushed from the tip of his cock, dripped from around the toy inside of him. He continued to shudder, making piteous sounds, though he made no move to stop Tony or Bucky from doing as they wished with his body. Suddenly Bucky was overcome with the need to feel Steve inside him, hold him in his mouth and be the one devastating him with pleasure. He leaned down, wrapping his lips around the soft flesh, sucking experimentally.
"Tony..." The word came out a pleading whine as the older man continued to stroke him, picking up the pace. "Please, no. I can't!"
Steve immediately placed his hand in Tony's outstretched one, a chill sliding over his skin at the brush of cool metal. He watched as Tony carefully wrapped a bracelet around his wrist, silver links with no visible clasp, before pulling out a small tool and another link. "This is a permanently locking closure. Once I put it on, there's no taking it off. It's a type of day collar, for my good boy. It means that you belong to me. Always. I can put it on, but I don't have to lock it. That's your choice. You need to tell me what you want, Steve. What would you like me to do? What would make you happiest? Because that is the most important thing in the world to me."
“James Edwin Stark.”
Tony scheduled a meeting with the local handler for the Enhanced Program before leaning back and staring up at the ceiling. He had tried looking for a mate when he was younger, just like everyone else. He’d gone to the presentations and galas and shows. Been surrounded by hundreds of attractive omegas who were eager to be claimed by a wealthy influential man. But it had all been too easy. Boring. Tony needed a challenge to keep himself engaged. Maybe this time he’d be able to find one.
Men and women were dressed in leather, gauzy fabrics, or nothing at all. A woman was on a small stage on one side of the room with a naked submissive strapped to a bench, paddling him for her appreciative audience. A girl dressed in a few layers of sheer white material was crawling on her knees behind the man who had her leash attached to his belt. Others were in conversation with obedient subs kneeling by their feet.
I hope that helps.
Bucky curled tighter into himself, drawing away from the lure of Stark’s arms, and the feelings of safety and security they provided. He had murdered this man’s parents. Tried to kill him. He didn’t deserve kindness from anyone, much less Tony Stark. The use of his last name was a reminder. They were not friends. They were not close. He was here because this version of Steve Rogers missed his best friend. Sooner or later he would realize that this Bucky was not the one he remembered. And then he would have to leave. Find somewhere else to go and be until death finally came to claim him. “I didn’t mean to bother you. Interrupt. What… What you were doin’.”
Steve’s blush intensified. “You don’t have to-“
“Yes Tony.”
“Are you ready? I want you to hold position until I’m done. Alright?”
I hope you all enjoy!
Spikes of pain lanced through his passage as the vibrations thrummed to life inside of him. He struggled, swearing and crying as the vibrator continued to work. After an unbearably long time, the sensation shifted, still painful, but not as sharp. His passage spasmed repeatedly, more like cramps then anything else. Tony stayed by his side, stroking his hair and murmuring encouragement and praise.
"Believe it, sweetheart. Sometimes you have to run before you can walk."
Extra thanks to
Tony smiled, refilling Steve’s mug and adding cream and sugar. “Far be it from me to ever stand between a man and his coffee. That’s just plain mean!”
It was easy to slide under the desk, there was plenty of room after all, and the thick carpeting cushioned his knees making it a fairly comfortable place to be. His hands shook as he unfastened the expensive suit pants and freed the older man’s soft cock. Initially Steve was determined to be good. He carefully took Tony into his mouth, holding him softly on his tongue.
“A-alright…”
He didn't remember moving to the bedroom, but the cool silk sheets were soothing against his burning skin. The touch of a cool cloth had him jerking off the bed, sobbing from sensitivity. He tried to roll away, protect his tender cock and balls, but a firm grip on his arm kept him from moving. "Please... Tony..."
Unsurprisingly, it didn’t take long before there was a soft rap on the door, followed by only a moment’s hesitation before Tony entered the room. His expression was softer than usual, as was his voice when he finally spoke. “Hey Capsicle. Heard you were a little under the weather.”
Steve slid from his lap down to the ground, watching as Tony casually opened his slacks and pulled out his hard cock. He slid a hand through his hair and guided his mouth onto him. He moaned at the taste of him, and felt the grip on his hair tighten. "Nope. No sucking, no moving. Just... Hold. Keep me warm while I work."
"You look so fucking good in those. Leave 'em on. Come here." Steve slid to his knees, crawled to Tony's feet, drawing another groan from his mouth. "You're so pretty on your knees. Tell me what you want, Steve. How do you want to take care of me?"
“Usually. You should have seen how hard James fought me before his surgery.” He pulled a small vial from his bag, handing it to Tony. “Here, use this. It’s a stimulant. Works like a charm. Omega’s are hardwired for pleasure. They can’t resist it.”
“That’s a good boy. Asking for what you want. You gonna let me?”
Epilogue: One Year Later
The wicked grin from earlier returned to Tony’s lips, his eyes dark and predatory. “It’s a stimulant. Increases blood flow when it comes in contact with omega hormones. Does nothing to alpha’s though. I could fill you full of it and fuck you for hours and I wouldn’t feel a thing. Now, you on the other hand…”
"Anything you want, Tony."
This time, instead of a crop, Steve felt a slick finger rubbing against his entrance. Taking the time to work the muscles into relaxing before slowly sliding inside. It was a strange sensation, his body immediately trying to force the invading digit out. Tony took the opportunity to press a second finger into his passage instead. He twisted them back and forth, occasionally sliding out to apply more lube to his fingers before returning. Getting Steve well stretched and wet. “Ready for the next step, pet?”
“Oh you definitely can, sweetheart. And we’re not stopping this time until you do. You want to know what you get in exchange for your little cocklet being locked up for me? You’re gonna find out, Steve. And I can’t wait to hear you scream.”
“Feel better, sweetheart?”
Steve felt his eyes widen. This version of Tony was nothing like the one he’d known before. He was strong, yes, but also kind and caring in a way Steve had never seen in an alpha before. “I’m… I’m glad I’m here, Tony. With you. Not… Not him.”
Tony chuckled against his skin. "My sweet little masochist. What did you think?"
“Don’t worry, sweetheart. This compound only lasts for twelve hours. You can take it. In the meantime, I have some work to do. I’ll see you in the morning, pet.” Tony left him there, his sobs filling the empty room, the unceasing desire driving him insane. Desperate for even a single touch, and cruelly denied.
"You ready to go sweetheart?"
The answer was immediate. “Yes Sir. Thank you.”
Thank you to everyone who has commented or liked this story. I hope you continue to enjoy this story and my fics in the future.
“And I’m not going to have to punish you like that, am I?”
Tony sighed, exhausted. “I don’t know what you want, Steve. Just tell me what you want, and if it’s in my power to do so, I’ll give it to you. Would you rather leave the city? Go somewhere new? Name the place. I’ll buy you a beautiful house and get you all set up. I just want to know that you’re safe and taken care of. You… You could start over. Maybe even find a new mate. Someone you wanted to spend your life with. Would you like that?” Tony tried to keep a smile on his face, but it wobbled at the edges, and his dark eyes sparkled with unshed tears.
"No Tony."
Steve grabbed his hand, clinging onto it. "Tony, please!"
“You’d be amazed what I can be into LeBeau. I mean, not for you, obviously. You couldn’t handle me. All the cameras are in place, Tony. We have full surveillance which I’m sending to your HUD now.”
He shook his head. “No… Omegas don’t… We release. It’s softer, but lasts… A lot longer…” His breath hitched as the pressure on his neck stayed, drawing out the sensation.
A sharp slap struck his cheek. Not enough force to hurt, just to sting. "Quiet. I'm talking."
“Good.” True to his word, he started moving again, thrusting carelessly into Steve’s oversensitive body. Each stroke against his rim, each thrust against his prostate made him burn. It felt like his skin was on fire. Too soon he felt Tony pulse inside of him before sliding out and replacing his cock with a thick plug. Steve whimpered, hips grinding down into the sheets.
"Yeah. I... I know how the world works. What's... Going to happen one day. But... I don't like to think about it. I want you here. With me. I don't ever want to lose you."
“I submit…” Steve whispered, dropping his gaze to the ground.
A shudder ran through his body as he followed Tony the rest of the way down the hallway. As soon as he passed the doorway, Tony was grabbing his arm, dragging him up and tossing him onto the bed like he weighed nothing. Steve bounced on the mattress, eyes wide. Tony had never been able to manhandle him quite so easily before.
“How would you like it if I stuck a cage on you?”
Tony grinned. “Oh sweetheart. I don’t need to touch your cock to make you come. Why don’t you let Steve distract you a little bit. I think you deserve something nice.”
His blush deepened. "Because..."
Every time Steve was close to falling over that edge, Stark would stop. Force him to calm down, before starting the torment all over again. There was a mirror behind the bed, allowing Bucky to see the combination of ecstasy and despair on Steve’s face as he was denied over and over again. Stark finally looked up, caught Bucky’s eyes in the mirror, held them. Bucky felt caught. Unable to look away. Stark held the connection as he allowed Steve to finally fall over the edge, screaming his release to the room. As he found his own completion buried deep in Steve’s body. Only then did he finally look away.
"So far, but I don't know how much longer we can keep doing this. We don't seem to be getting anywhere!"
I'm finally back, and with another chapter. A little lighter on the smut, and heavier on the sweet, because Steve deserves a break sometimes. Hope you enjoy! As always, all mistakes are mine. Comments and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated.
As sweet as it looked, Tony was more concerned with the effects it would create in the omega. Studies had shown that preventing an omega from gaining an erection increased fertility and pregnancy rates due to a decrease in the hormones needed to maintain hardness in an omega. Often after carrying their first child, it was no longer a concern. The amount of omega hormones in the system increased, preventing the body from responding in that way.
Steve looked down, studying his hands and trying not to squirm on the chair. It was getting harder to remember what he needed to do, the demands of his body impossible to ignore. And if Tony said it would be worse, he believed him. The alpha always seemed to be three steps ahead. “I’ll… Be good…”
"Yes, Captain."
"And you said yes, I'm assuming."
Tony let out a sign of relief, resting his head against the pillow. Another hurdle was out of the way. Physically. Mentally, Steve was just as resistant as always. And the next step of his treatment was not going to make him happy. Deciding to put off the inevitable at least a little longer, Tony began pressing soft kisses over Steve’s neck, pausing to suck at the scar over his bonding gland.
