Tony interrupts his thoughts. “So, you have any idea where the next Passage is. How do we get to the next rim?”
“Not Steve?” Tony said and pushed Natasha and Clint aside so he could face Bucky directly. He ignored the rambling, ranting man scarfing down food at the table. “What do you mean that’s not Steve.”
The press and media fanfare peaks and ebbs as it did the first time Tony disappeared, only this time he tells them that he’d gone off the grid for some reconnaissance and to ensure world peace. The press and media gobble it up like a bunch of turkeys getting ready for Thanksgiving. Tony’s happy they don’t ask about the solitary figure dressed in an ill-fitted flight uniform hanging in the back of his entourage.
Tony shakes his head. He’s pensive, tense, worried. “Your soul was concealed, cloaked by the Red Skull. It’s like trying to find a needle in a haystack at night.”
“Not really.”
Tony laughed. As he thinks on that moment now, he can still taste the bitter bile and the acid rolls in his stomach. He recalls how Steve treated himself, how he let men beat him and fuck him just to numb all the pain. It hurts even now as he sits in the cab in the thick of traffic in the middle of Mumbai, India.
“But I saw the Outriders with Tony, how can you not be demons if the Outriders are here?” Steve’s memories of his time on Earth slowly coalesced and he recalled the horror of the Outriders swarming over Wakanda and the Avengers Compound. He knew pain and agony. He knew death and sorrow now.
“Going on?”
Steven moves away from Tony, and goes to the door of the presentation suite. “What you are is not the prime alpha that the world needs. You’ve played too long and see this as a game. This is not a game for some chair. This is people’s lives. You don’t see it that way because you’ve never had to worry about your own life or your own future. Others suffer and die because of the order of society. It’s the burden that’s been passed down again and again through time. If you want to change things, you need to be willing to lay down on the wire. You need to offer yourself.”
“I try. People always see me as Cap, and not much else.”
“Yep.” He pops the ‘p’. “This sucks.”
“Calm, Captain, calm,” Tony says and jerks his fist up on Steve’s erection. He gasps in response and arches a little. “There you go, rock into it.”
In the coming days their pack would grow and find family members across the globe and the heavens. They would add Diplomat, Teacher, Rogue, and Archangel in the years to come. The bonds would grow stronger, all centered around two individuals.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine. Just a little sentimental is all.”
He nods and finds his eyes grow heavy. He knows he shouldn’t sleep in the middle of a demon stronghold, but he cannot but wonder how he feels so safe here as he drifts off to a dreamless slumber.
“Something like that,” Clint said. “Nat called me at home. Got here as soon as I could. Not soon enough.”
“You cannot imagine,” Steve replied. He walked her to the door. “Thank you for listening, Nat. It’s good to have someone.”
“You’ll forgive me if I don’t shake hands.” Tony waves him off as if he’s an annoying bee. “You’d be surprised at the amount of germs on the human hand, positively disgusting. Have you looked under a microscope lately?”
“What?” That was Natasha. Her hard shell cracked, and she shook as she spoke. “What? Why? Why? Why? Was it the blood loss? What? Did he get shocked?”
"How?" Steve sits up and feels better, less interested in the stream of pictures on the television. He flicks it off. "How?"
“What does that mean?”
Clint opened the door to the prison cell and waved them forward. When Tony stepped out into the hallway, he saw a mass of agents littering the corridor. Arrows stuck out of their bodies. Clint cocked another arrow to his bow and nodded to Tony. Since when did V-Corp agents use arrows? Clint had committed a crime, killing his fellow agents for Tony and Steve. With that in mind, Tony helped push the gurney toward the bank of elevators, but that meant they needed to go out to the main hallway and surely with the causalities in the prison corridor, they were bound to meet resistance.
Steve waves him off. “No. We get rid of everything else in the world. You’ve been able to do it before. Shift things. Shit, you just did it when Ultron was going to have Natasha shoot me. Get rid of everything.”
With Steve Rogers as Captain America downing a plane into the Arctic Ocean – it chilled Tony to the very core. He placed the book on his side table and left Blu behind, because his father hated the stuffed animal. He climbed down the wide, dark wood staircase with its sweeping thick carved railing and headed toward the workshop where his father spent much of his spare time. He walked across the courtyard, the leaves of fall littering the pathway to the workshop. When Tony arrived, he nearly swung open the door without knocking, but good sense stopped him. He went to knock, but then he heard voices.
Tony doesn’t turn toward him which is odd because Steve found he has an innate ability to hone right the center of conversation without any assistance at all. He sighs audibly and Steve thinks it’s for his benefit. “I know. It’s been a long time since someone new learned I’m blind. It takes adjusting to – that’s all.”
“Front pocket?” A nod. Tony releases him and Steve falls forward on this hands and knees. It’s the worse position for him to be in but he can’t move, he doesn’t have the strength to pick himself up. He hears Tony unzip the backpack, but he doesn’t look up. His vision blurs with tears and his mouth opens gulping for air and then Tony’s hands are on him, pushing him back to sit down.
Yinsen adjusts the thin blanket he uses, takes off his glasses, and places them on the bedside table they share. “Perhaps you should reconsider things. Perhaps it’s not about the next big thing, but about how you can change the little things. Help the helpless.” He turns over then, and leaves Tony to his thoughts – which can be a dangerous thing.
Struggling Steve heaves upward but Bucky hits him again. Steve doesn’t fight back, he doesn’t want to hurt his already injured, delirious friend.  He grabs at the hand that’s back at his throat, clawing at Bucky’s iron clad grip. “Bucky?” Steve says and his friend uses his one hand to clutch his throat and squeeze. “Bu-c.”
“Who said it was really a lion?” Jarvis grinned at him. He got to his feet, a little slower than he did as a younger man. “When you’re done packing, I’ll bring the boxes to the storage closet.” He walked out of the room without further explanation.
He doesn’t last long and the bittersweet flood of semen gushes into Tony’s mouth. He drinks it down and then kisses and tongues Steve’s balls. Steve tries to get up, tries to reciprocate, but Tony isn’t having any of that. He’s focused, driven – more so than he’s ever been on any problem or equation.  He continues to kiss up to Steve’s mouth and shares the lingering taste with him. His hand finding Steve’s cock again – and unsurprisingly it’s hard, answering Tony’s ministrations. With some lube Tony finds in its usual place under the pillow, Tony begins to tease Steve.
It sounds more like a concern than an accusation. “We are. Just making an observation.”
“Well, Jo-Jo’s a little busy. He’s hacked into her code and jacked her up.”
“I think, in time, he’ll see that. He has seen that. Actually,” Nat says and he knows she’s right. Tony confessed that much to him already. “But what I mean is – we fail to see the bigger picture. Not with you or Bucky, and not even with the Accords. What I mean is our clan, our family.”
“Me too.” The prince reaches a counter that’s in a nook near the wall. He rounds it and leans down to pull out a bottle of wine and two glasses. “Do you think you could watch some vids and eat while I work for a bit? I don’t really partake so this isn’t true alcohol.”
“Not right now,” Tony says and listens as Steve sets the plate in front of him.
Logan must share the same hesitation Tony feels based on the twist of his mouth and the narrowing of his eyes. It is the easiest way to test it, though, so Tony nods.
“How close it is to where I was held?” Tony asks.
It’s Tony whose voice is harsh and deeper. “Ho-how?”
He doesn’t know what he would have done without Pepper, without Rhodey. But he can’t keep them from their lives just because where and how he ended on that snowy December night. He knows his hands shake when he puts the glasses back on. He blinks away the tears and tells himself they’re from the strain. “No. I’m good. I’ll just finish up here and then go to the penthouse for the rest of the day.”
He stops and looks at her. They are in his workshop and he’s playing with a new version of the repulsor. He thinks he can get it to have differing degrees of fire power. “What do you mean?”
It shivered.
Tony simply nods and then slips it on with no help from Steve. He’s learned over the past month or so when to help and when to stand back and wait to see if Tony wants assistance. “This will be fun,” Tony says, and he sounds anything but convinced.
“One way to keep our enemies at bay, lottery draw at the last minute.”
“Yeah?”
“You’ll have to set down,” Bucky says as he scans the skies and the tie-fighter aims at them.  Seizing Steve under his arm, Bucky brings him to his feet and drags him to the tree line. The tie-fighter veers low to the ground, letting off a volley of fire that breaks apart the rocks and sends stony shrapnel flying. Steve stumbles as he limps and then trips, falling to the ground in a sprawl. Bucky leaps over him, protecting what he can with his own body. This is how it was when they were children, Bucky protecting Steve always. As a Jedi though, Steve grew in strength and he also sprouted from a scrawny kid to a well-muscled, disciplined Jedi Padawan.  Bucky would give his life for Steve regardless if he’s that scrawny kid, the Jedi in training, or the tortured soul under him now.
“Okay, I’ll try. But you need to keep your defenses up,” Bruce added. “SHIELD would love to get their hands on controlling your soul pack.”
“Felt it, heard it. Yeah, something like that. It wasn’t a direct thought, but the feeling was clear. And shit, Steve, no, you are not alone,” Tony said and squeezed his hand.
Lying to his alpha must have been a huge transgression. It could even lead to a death sentence depending on the type of lie. He wonders why it didn’t. Tony cups his hand under Steven’s chin. “I didn’t mean to hurt you, Steven. I just need to understand what you are saying to me. If what you say is true, then -.” He looks around at the presentations suite – the racks of different heights and uses, the cross, the wall. All of it he designed and worked on thinking that it was his right and his duty. “Then I have a lot to consider.”
“Yes. He keeps all souls here, bound to him. They feed him and energize him so that he is not destroyed. So that he can go on and commit ruin for all eternity.”
Not six inches apart, Tony glares at Steve – witnesses him slowly falling apart. “I’m not denying that, not for a minute.” He grasps Steve’s one hand. “Not for a single minute. But when you kissed her you didn’t feel lust, or hunger, or desire, or passion. It was a platonic love. Tell me I’m wrong. Tell me!”
“We train every day, Cap,” Clint said as he finished off his second sandwich. He’d re-appeared at the Tower about a week ago. He came and went a lot. No one, except maybe Natasha, knew where he went. SHIELD was gone, but he seemed to have something that took him away from the pack.
“Omegas are the reason we’re in the situation we are in,” Tony comments and they exit the ship with a flank of guards. He doubts he needs them on this desolate planet. It took him years to get used to the guards following him everywhere again. After he’d run wild in the Lanes, he never thought he’d have to come back to the dictates of society again. Never say never.
“And that is my signal to say goodbye,” Sam said and stood up, grabbed his drink, and left.
“How was he putting this together?” Tony muttered and flipped through another volume. “It has to be here. Why he thought it.” His father had been a contemporary of Ross. They must have discussed the possibilities of the serum as well as vampirism. How they related or didn’t relate. Why didn’t his father write it down? He fucking wrote everything else down. “Son of a bitch.”
“That was decades ago. Look at him. He’s barely able to keep his head up. Get him prepped for me to bond with him. I want it done before we get ready to depart.” He pulls his glasses off and squints at the man in the glass cage. “He’ll do nicely.”
“I will.”
“Well, you must have the same mental illness I have then.” Tony sits up in the chair and she has him his shirt. Before donning it, he uses it to wipe away the perspiration. “Why else would you believe me?”
“There was a way in,” Tony replies and cringes at himself. “The rules, everything is changing.”
“That’s a little presumptuous of you,” Natasha says and heads for the serving bar. “I haven’t had any fresh fruit in forever. I swear I’m going to get rickets or something.”
That left them with little knowledge of what exactly they face. “Well, at least we know it isn’t when we were here before.” Steve slides off the shield and sets his bag on the floor with it. He notes that Tony’s backpack is missing.
Steven nearly collapses but is able to maintain the position. Tony grasps Steve’s cock and strokes it, allowing him the friction he needs. “Come.” And Steven fucks into Tony’s hand – doing most of the work. Tony decides to test their bond, their natural biology. “Come now.”
“He had a choice,” Nat said and her eyes looked far away. “He’s sick. I was there to help him, not the other way around.”
“I don’t mean to say I wouldn’t pick you,” Steve said. That sounded too straight for Steve but it wasn’t like he understood the lingo today any more than he understood how magic worked. “I don’t mean that. I don’t know.”
Steve clears his throat, throws out a smile he hopes it’s pinched and says, “Good to meet you?”
The question staggers Steve. “No, why would you do that?”
“I’m only with you, Tony. Only you.” Steve takes his mouth again and consumes it, plunging into the kiss, hoping that the action will speak clearer and louder than his pathetic words.
“It’s nearly midnight.”
He’d asked the team to allow him to speak to Tony privately before the mission to infiltrate Ultron’s brain. The team slowly left with Natasha lingering with a concerned look on her face. Steve nodded to her and she agreed silently. After all, she knew what he was about to confess.
“Okay, we have to get over the rise, then,” Tony says and points again.
Steve holds Tony’s gaze and he thinks – with a wistful hope – that he sees something more – something protective and concerned – something possessive of Steve. As if Steve belongs to Tony. Tony tears his gaze away and the moment flashes away.  Steve steps back and nods. He finds an edge of a stone ledge and sits down. “Don’t go far.”
“Yea-yeah?”
Natasha chimed in. “Physical education.”
“Yeah, we hung out,” Tony agreed but remained mute on the rest of the details. He wasn’t one to kiss and tell. Well, actually he
“Well, that’s good at least.” Steve stays in place next to Tony on the bed. Tony doesn’t sleep restfully but fitfully and Steve worries that the implant has caused hidden damage. Pietro excuses himself, and Steve gives him a half smile as he leaves. Staring out the large windows Steve sees the thick dark clouds coming in across the ocean. From Tony’s windows the whole oceanscape can be seen. It’s beautiful and Steve wonders if he’s ever seen whales from his window. From where Steve sits, he can see the small hilltop that they sat on and watched the sunrise over the house. It was a beautiful moment, but now it’s distant and gray. He hears the copter blades before he sees it. How Pepper called on a helicopter so fast he doesn’t have a clue, but as soon as the helicopter lands the house goes into full action mode like there’s an alert, and there is, of course.
“Impossible,” Tony says. “He’s not well, from what I’ve heard. The split from his omega did him in. The final straw as they say.”
Clint didn’t question him and followed Steve’s instructions. Though he hated the idea of involving his friend, Sam, in this mess. Months back, Steve had been running the mall in DC only to meet Sam. They’d joked a bit about Steve and the ice, but it had been Sam’s remark about sleep that captured Steve’s attention. Trying to acclimate to a new century had been one thing but dealing with his memories of battle and war had been something he’d spent the last six years ignoring. Sam had invited him into his group, and while Steve had demurred, they had hit it off and became friends.
Clint smirked and, as the doors to the elevator opened, he replied, “That’s putting it mildly. Luckily though, Nat had an ace up her sleeve.”
“We never really talk about the dream,” Steve muttered. He wanted to get out of bed, pace, walk around, but then he realized he was nude. “I fell asleep. That’s all this is.”
Tony smashes his fisted hands on the keys, the dissonant sounds echoing in the room and Steve seizes him by the waist, urging him and then Tony’s pounding into Steve’s mouth without reservation. He cries out as he shoves without rhythm. He’s messy and needy and Steve takes it all, encourages him. Tony’s hands rip at his hair and press Steve close until his cock slips down his throat, choking him. A large swallow and Tony falls over the edge. He howls in completion and his hips jerk a few times as they lose the momentum of the moment.
“Strip.” Steve stands to the side as Tony slowly disrobes, his trousers slipping down to the floor first as he toes off his shoes.
So what does he have? He heads down the block and goes to his parked Audi. He slips into the drives seat and closes the door. Putting his head on the steering wheel, he mutters. “I got nothing, I got goddamned cookies.” And the love of his life is a hooker who is probably Captain America.
He scrunched up his face as the possibilities of what she actually did when she walked through the shadows collided in his brain. Space-time and configuring it. He needed more time to study it, but he had no time to spare. “Okay then, what’s the plan.” He heaved and stood up, bringing Steve with him.
It shouldn't have felt as good as it did. Even a tinge of shame couldn't stop Tony from basking in the warmth, the spread of completion as he grunted out his release. And then he felt as well as heard Steve groan around him as he jerked himself off with Tony in his mouth and a hand on his own erection. It felt filthy and lovely at the same time
“Nothing elaborate, my lord.” Steven replies and when Tony looks over to him he sees that Steven is sitting ramrod straight, hands clenched in his lap.
A reverberation from Thor answered the call. “The Legion awaits near the outer meadow. Several have approached the water’s edge.”
Steve lies his head back on the couch and stares up at the dormered ceiling. He needs this job. Natasha put him in touch with the hiring agency, put in a good word for him too with her boss, Ms. Pepper Potts. He doesn’t fill some of the requirements but who could:
Steve doesn’t tear his hand away but he shakes his head. “No, Tony, it isn’t going to be okay. I was serious when I said you should have left well enough alone.” He looks out into the twilight as the sun dips down in the sky and the deep night creeps down like a veiling shadow.
Steve lifts his head from Tony’s shoulder and says, “I think I’m falling for you, Mister Stark.”
“Don’t worry about it, Cap. He would have made you leave one way or the other.”
Except a large armored suited team mate hovered over him. The glint of the metal almost blinding in the sunlight. Steve stopped and squinted up at the armor. The faceplate retracted, and Tony said, “Jesus, Steve, what the hell are you doing?”
“Now that you know, he’ll want to torture you.” Tony’s eyes flash in the firelight. “I won’t have it.”
The entire group left the porch of the farmhouse as a Legion robot hovered near the clearing. Through his earpiece, JARVIS updated them on the scenario. According to the new war game the Legion combatants gathered near the creek on the Barton property. There, they planned on poisoning the water.
They work together on a plan to save the universe. It doesn’t take a decade, or five years, or even a year. It takes only weeks. Yet something goes wrong and it doesn’t matter what’s happened or how well they plan. Thanos attacks again. But they have a secret weapon, they have their very own gauntlet with minted infinity stones from the past. It should work. It will work. They are together in even this.
“I gotta make a phone call,” Clint said and ignored Steve’s worried glance at Bruce.  Clint hopped off of the gurney and immediately wavered on his feet. Bruce held him up so he wouldn’t fall over. “What is all that crazy ass noise in my head?”
Steve shakes himself out of the memory and his stupor of self-pity. “It’s fine. I’m fine.” He smiles as Clint stares at him. Steve blanks out his mind by saying the Rosary as his mother taught him. He might not always believe what the Church preached, but at least the chanting helped when he needed to protect himself in this situation.
“Nothing. Do you want some Christmas music?” Tony asks.
“Now, we free the realm of the Soul Keeper. We do it together. We stay together.”
“Just continue, JARVIS. What do they say about the title Beloved?”
"There's a reason the North won, sure we had the better resources, the industry, the war machine, but Lincoln also utilized a network of people who could provide him with much needed intelligence." Tony places the wine glass on the table, touching the lip of the glass lightly. "I went against Stane's wishes and offered my services to my country."
“Well, we already knew that, didn’t we?” Steve replies and then room falls silent except for the rapid beeping of the heart monitor. Before either of them can break the quietude, the nurse returns.
“I know. You’re home. Safe. Safe?” Steve looks at him with his head tilted and Tony cannot help but see Blu.
“We didn’t have enough Pym particles for both of us.” Natasha explains.
Tapping his chin with his index finger, Steve asks, “Is there anything we can do about it? Like am I allowed to cancel anything?”
“Oh.” The single syllable resounded through the bond with shame and embarrassment.
“A path to where?” Tony hadn’t released Steve.
“Rebirth was definitely a rebirth for you,” Tony says. “So, what were you running to Erskine for? Going to tattle tale on good old Howard’s perversion?”
He should have been back by now. Tony should have gone with him, but then he looks down at his withered hand. He’ll never be Iron Man again. He can’t even lift his arm; his shoulder joint is toast. Half of his face is frozen by the burn with abraded skin and scar tissue. He can barely move his face on one side, the sight in one eye is compromised. He’ll never be Iron Man again, but that doesn’t matter to him. Nothing matters to him except the empty platform as they wait.
“Yeah, pretty much. He’s VA.”
“And me?”
Steve snorts. “Everyone just assumes I’m a push over because of my size. It works to my advantage.”
“God!” Tony cries out.
They establish a routine within a few days. In the mornings, they go down to the stream. Tony bathes as Blu stands sentinel duty over him, sitting on a rock overlooking the stream and the rolling hills. After Tony collects water in his makeshift bowl they head back to camp. He spends the day working on his HUD and the interface while Blu disappears. By evening Blu is always back with dinner of some kind. Sometimes Tony partakes other times he just doesn’t have the stomach for it.  He concludes he wouldn’t have made it as a cowboy or a frontier’s man.
“Do you need a hand? You look like you need a hand.”
Steve giggles and slaps his other leg. “Santa with anxiety. That’s a good one. What about Jarvis?”
“Shush, you don’t have to tell me about body dysphoria Tony. I think I might have invented it.” He lifts Tony’s chin and stares into his eyes, focused, true, and so very earnest. “You’re beautiful to me.”
“So, it’s a virus? Isn’t that dangerous?” Steve can’t help himself. He needs to understand, part of his job is to be there for Tony, support him and his work.
The clock ticks.
Steve made love to Tony with his mouth without even once touching his dick which was still straining in his pants. It set Tony’s nerves singing and he had a hard time concentrating on reciprocity.
“Would that be such a bad thing, Sheriff?”
“Okay, then.” Tony clears his throat. “Let’s get right to it. Do you love him?”
With a touch to Steve’s lips and the lightest kiss, Tony left his mate’s side to go with Thor. He didn’t direct the older vampire. They just happened to end up at the wide expansive balcony that looked out on the wooded area behind the house. The balcony was sleek in design and bright white. It glimmered in purples and pinks with his ethereal vision at night.
“I could have. But what more would that have changed? Your parents would still have died at his hand, because our past wouldn’t have changed.  How can I continue to add timelines to suit my purposes? How can I play god like that?” Steve stands and the old tree rumbles next to him. “There was no other way.”
“You can thank Wanda and my first client, Captain Wilson, for that,” Steve says. He’s seen the Captain multiple times. He found out that Sam is the famous Captain of the fleet and happens to be one of the leaders in the war.
Yinsen points to the door with a small spoon. “You have developed a heart for this lion.”
“What? You’re here, can’t you help us?”
“I don’t think she’ll want to leave,” Steve blurts out.
As soon as Aunt Peggy sees him she raises her hands in a welcoming hug, and smiles. "My dear Tony."
“Yeah, can you come?” Tony asked. It was a small miracle that Rhodey happened to be so close. “Not officially.”
“JARVIS?”
Steve touches Tony’s hand on his face. “And you saved me.”
“Touché,” Clint said but didn’t deny it or explain it. He crossed his arms over his chest and grumbled, “You see all the shit they dumped on the internet?”
“I represent that,” Logan says and gives him a wolfish look. Why isn’t he called Wolfman? Was that already taken? Logan is positively buzzing with excitement. Tony hates him for it, hates everything about it. If they succeed – and Tony knows he will since apparently he’s already succeeded once – then Logan wins the romance battle. Tony loses. He loses his future. A man he would love so much that he would commit his life to.
“Oh, don’t you dare, don’t you even dare.” Tony manhandles Steve and flips him over, getting him up on his knees, but also pushing him down with a firm hand on his upper back.
Later as the evening dusted over the city, Tony set out to go to the safe house that he and Steve were supposed to meet at this weekend. He’d brought Bruce along with a cooler of pig’s blood. The vampire hadn’t had human blood in over a dozen years. They drove Tony’s SUV to the perimeter of the city, leaving the heat and the coven behind them. Bruce refused to say a word. They worked to avoid the checkpoints. It wasn’t hard, Steve always updated Tony on information related to the V-Corps movements when he was able.
Silence falls over them and Steve’s sure he’s ruined the whole picnic again, when Tony says, “How about I teach you now?”
Tony slaps him on the arm. “What do you say, we go get some coffee. Maybe something to eat. Feed that serum of yours.”
“This guy, he found out about us. One of the people we- listen, we’re on the run, okay? And one of the people looking for us, found us. Steve went to meet him, said he had a plan, said he knew this guy would go for it.”
Tony half smiles and it’s more beautiful than it should be in the hellhole. The leader snickers and walks over to Steve. In a long spew of dialogue he goes on at Steve. But the language interpreter Fury endowed Steve with is partial and he’s only able to catch every few words, snatches of their meaning and purpose.
“It is true, my friend. I would like to speak to you about the pack. But as your Guide. I am not here only to report out what has happened but to give you some sound advice.” He put down his fork after devouring half of the monster omelet already.
Steve sucks the cherry into his mouth, being careful to leave the stem at his lips. He bites down, there’s no pit, only a burst of sweetness edged with a tangy taste that fills his mouth. It’s almost too much to handle and he puts his hand to his lips as he says, “Oh.” A bit of the cherry juice stains his lips.
That jerks a smile on the edge of Tony’s mouth. Steve finds he likes that he’s able to elicit such a response. “You got that reference. I’m proud of you, Cap.”
She never backed down, never looked away. She was the tigress and he was the prey. “Well, it wouldn’t be the first time. And it wouldn’t be the first time someone in power was only there to make profit, and it won’t be the last.”
Bruce acknowledges Steve but then says, “And I think that’s my exit,” He slips out of the workshop.
“Don’t tell me you dreamed of working in the sex industry when you were a little kid,” Tony says and tears the drawing of the young boy from the wall. “This little boy dreamed of being a hooker?”
Steve closes his eyes and sighs. He drops Tony’s bag on the chair and then remembers his stuff, his inhaler, his clothes, his comic book stretches, everything is still on the island. “I have some stuff.”
Tony studied him – but the bond told him more – a longing, a yearning that ached for peace. “You’ve been fighting all your life.”  Steve didn’t reply only gave him a half frown. “We’ll find a way, don’t worry.” He didn’t know if he was promising Steve a way to bring Bucky into the fold, a way to retire, or, hell, a way to build a farmhouse in the middle of butt fuck nowhere. What he did know is that somehow, he could promise it all, even Bucky. For Steve, he would promise anything. He would give anything for Steve.
“I think I know what kind of inner most confidence you’re giving to the prince. Now, unless you want some of the others here to know who you are or should I say what you are, then you’ll come with me.”
“Here.” Steve cups Tony’s hand and places them in his palm. Steve’s fingers brush against Tony’s palm. He feels the slight writer’s (artist’s) bump on his middle right finger. He’d never noticed it before with the glasses.
“Steve? What’s going on? You barely spoke on the way back. One word answers? Are you alright?
“Done.” It only takes a few minutes for Friday to add, “Pepper texts: It’s for the best, Tony. His head isn’t in the right place. James agrees.”
She grinned to show her golden teeth. “Really? I think you need to understand something, Captain. Those destined to be are the ones we need the most. Time and space might fold and bend, but one constant remains. When the one who comes, when he comes, you will need to be at your strongest. You cannot be that if you are not paired with your true alpha.”
Instead, Tony says, “Oh. I just-. Okay, Steve.”
He stepped into the elevator only to have Rumlow and members of his Strike team rush to get on the car as well. He nodded to Steve and then the doors closed. “It’s a shame. Don’t you think?”
“As okay as can be expected, considering. What happened to you?”
“Oh, I don’t doubt that,” Tony says as he sits back with his cup of tea. “But I think we can do this.”
Steve sets the coffee in front of Tony. “Here you go. You didn’t say what you like so I made Caramel Macchiato – hope you like it.”
Tony didn’t reply. Instead he walked right over to Steve into the sunlight. “You need rest after everything that happened today. Sleep.” He pointed to the lounger that was easily large enough for two.
Pierce took a relaxed approach as he spoke. His shoulders were at ease and he leaned forward like a grandfather would to play with a favorite grandchild. It would be almost sweet except for the cold stare in his crystal blue eyes. “I suppose you saw the news conference today?”
Tony had saved him in the Blood Den. Not only did Tony not kill him, he carried Steve away. He covered their tracks, called in favors. No one ever knew it had been Tony Stark, a vampire for just four years, who’d captured the highest ranking V-Corps agent. Tony cared for Steve. During those first crucial hours Tony had brought Steve to a safe house, bathed him, fed him, talked quietly to him.
Steve fears he's lost Clint to the abyss and Tony to the truth
Tony puts his fingers on Steve’s warm lips. “Very interested, sweetest. Very interested. If that’s what you want, I need to go and get some supplies. Can you wait here?”
Tony stops him. “And maybe I also told her I want blonde, blue eyes, strong jaw. That’s my favorite. Told her I wanted a guy who knew what he wanted in life. No one too young - how old are you anyway?”
Yet, he never lost consciousness. He opened his eyes to a world dark and muddy. The fortress disappeared and above him a hole in space pulsed violet. Swarms of ships like the ones from the Chitauri attack on New York bled through the wound in the Earth’s sky. It never drew his attention, because the pain in his chest crippled him, dropped him to his knees. The pain brightened the world, but not with joy, with a horrifying, scorching agony. All the bonds were gone. His pack torn, shredded from him and then he saw them. Saw a mountain of death and glossy eyed stares where his family, and love had been. He walked the mount of the dead. It put his heart asunder and his soul to ash as he reached out to touch the Beloved bond. The bond. It flaked away, like particles of sand. The Beloved bond – gone.
Tony shrugs. Steve feels the movement more than sees it. “Sesame Street character. Little, red, annoying as hell.”
“I’ve done worse in much more dire condition, my good Sheriff, I think I can handle a ride out to the open range to find your deputy.”
The horrors starts to settle in as Bucky thinks maybe he’s too late, maybe Steve’s dead, maybe the Red Skull finally turned him. There’s nothing to be done, the one true and honest person, his one hope in this life is ruined, gone, devoured by the dark side. The anger boils over him but the sorrow eats it away. Yet the cackle of the bird jogs him out of his self-hatred and there’s Redwing – sitting on one of the little barred window ledges near the end of the cell block.
“I know. Who says I’m not doing what I want to do?” he replies and those blue eyes that pierced him through as a wild beast, strike at Tony’s heart again. “I’ve been doing what I wanted to do since I was three years old. You should have asked my Ma.”
Tony points to Steve. “Jarvis this is Steve Rogers my new PA. Steve this is Edwin Jarvis my butler and all around good guy.”
The hood falls back, and that horrible creature is revealed. Steve has known soldiers and others with facial deformities, Tony has facial burns. Those are not horrors, those are injuries. Red Skull is something else entirely. The serum amplifies what’s inside and therefore the results of it shows who Johann Schmidt always has been.
“Scanned for traces of vibranium.” He growled. That was a lie. He never found the damned shield. Somehow he found Steve, right on the side of the shore like Tony knew he would be there at that exact spot. “Shit.” Something indescribable trembled inside like an earthquake shaking buildings at their very foundation. He shifted focus, pushed it aside and looked for something calming. The armor. He recalled the dizzying moments of flight as he forced the armor to launch into the air, as his heart screamed at him to hurry. It was more than the need to help; it was fear. He closed his eyes and shook his head as it occurred to him that he left the nascent armor on the street outside the hospital when he arrived with an unconscious Captain America in his arms. He’d only just started to rebuild his arsenal, the armor and the Iron Legion, since his breakup with Pepper.
“Do you really want to know? Do you want to know all of my secrets?” Steve scoffs and swallows harsh bile. “You don’t want to know, Tony. You may have hated me once, but you’ll loathe me if I even mention it.”
Steve exhales and straightens. “I wanted to, believe me. I tried to enlist several times. My health problems and the fact I have no augmentations other than the standard implant stopped me.”
Quickly, he turns away and focuses on his designs. Yinsen managed to get extra drafting paper from their captors and Tony uses the sharp edge of the battery connected to his chest to start the schematics. He’ll get this done. His father told him scaling down the arc reactor was a fool’s game. It couldn’t be done. But that was Howard – drunk and broken. He may have invented the thing, but he never truly understood it. Like Edison inventing the light bulb. He might be able to craft it, but he would never understand the true nature of electricity and atoms. Howard was miles behind Tony in intellect. Now, Tony needs to take his smarts and run a race where the penalty for losing will be his life and the lives of so many more.
“God, yes,” Tony said. The acceptance spread through him. He hadn’t considered the small personal consequences of who they were out in the world. Sure, they could walk freely in Wakanda, but nowhere else. It freed him inside and his soul sang in celebration. “I hadn’t even thought of that.”
“Nope. Suppose I’m not beautiful.” Steve quakes under his touch like a string being plucked on a violin.
Using the trunk of the tree, Tony leans against it as he gets to his feet. He smells like a zoo. “Guess that’s the Eau de Lion.” He stands there against the tree and lifts his black shirt to cover his nose. That only makes it worst. “I stink.”
Tony cringes and lifts his head up with a glance to the lion. “You’re speaking metaphorically, right?”
“As far as I know,” Clint said.
“Special metal, you need to get the keys,” he manages to say.
“Okay, sweetheart. Okay.” He slips his fingers out and then Tony hears the condom opening.
He knows all about the Jedi, because they were his teachers. He might not be a Jedi, but he grew up in their halls, running their errands and playing with the few Padawans they dared to take on. As scholars and part of the Service Order, they should not take on any Padawans, but they believed it their sacred duty to preserve the way of the Jedi Knights as well.
“Jarvis packed it, I figured he’d only put your favorites in the suitcase.”
“I have a few people to discuss your candidacy with. I will get back to you by Thursday of this week. If you don’t hear from me or Ms. Potts, then it means we’ve moved on and we wish you well. If you do hear from us, then it means you come in on Thursday, since the contract and the non-disclosure papers and move in that night. Agreed?”
Tony didn’t want to drink. He wanted his physical body to stop, but at the same time it warmed him. He hadn’t realized how very cold he’d been as a wraith. The winds stopped, and a rush of power flowed through him. He bathed in it. A feeling as wonderful as the sun used to be spread through him. It suffused through him until his muscles revitalized and grew, until his flesh regenerated and stitched itself back together. He hadn’t known he’d closed his eyes, but when he opened them again, he was no longer a wraith, but in his body drinking the bounty of his life. The thick elixir soothed his parched throat, brought back his nerves and dried out organs. A blossom of life bloomed throughout his undead corpse.
“Only if you become the first, where you want more and more and are never satisfied. All people and vampires alike have these tendencies, but only the depraved ever act on it.” Thor studied him. “You are not depraved. You are growing and maturing.”
“What happened to the lion then?”
Steve flinches and nods, then for Tony’s benefit adds, “Okay. Talk to you tomorrow.”
“Prince Anthony designed the virtual reality emitters himself,” JARVIS says, and Steve thinks he detects a level of pride in the AI’s tone.
“It means you bonded to Steve and our pack. It can be overwhelming at first. Hell, I went Hulk. But you can do this. I thought you wanted this?” Bruce munched on the muffin even as it crumbled apart.
Steve pushes away the memories and tries to center his concentration on Tony. He discovers that if he keeps his visual reference to things in close proximity the world spinning around him settles and quiets. Hopefully, he’ll adapt soon, otherwise the situation transforms into a strategic nightmare. The reasons he convinced the team it should be him alongside Tony highlighted his strategic skills. Being blind, deaf, and nauseous leads to a huge handicap.
Tony hisses at him and, with an acidic look thrown over his shoulder, he says, “Get some rest, you look like shit.” He leaves and settles on a small stool next to the work bench. He flips through a number of papers, hunched over the drawings. Steve notices the slight trembling in his hands, the sweat beading on his forehead. He says nothing.
“No reason really. My mother died,” Tony says and sees Steven flinch at the statement. “But you knew that. She had claim to you as the last of the Carbonelli family – well not truly a Carbonelli but she was their heir. She was the last of them after what happened during the Uprising. But then the Uprising never ended, did it? Years later, she was killed for her part in it.”
Steven smirks but he does take the bottle. “I don’t think it works like that. Remember I have enhancements - like any omega.” He adds the last part as if he’s covering something else, something different.
“Are you just going to stand there? It’s kind of creepy.”
Tony frowns. He hates it when Jarvis decides he needs to eat healthy. He doesn’t want to eat healthy. He wants to eat cheeseburgers. Tony feels for his fork and pokes at the salad. Salad is always difficult to eat as a blind person, trying to stab at the veggies in the bowl treats him to a new level of frustration. He starts at 6 o’clock and works his way from there.
“Yes,” Thor agreed. “Much younger, more brutal. More unforgiving. It is what is needed in these days of turmoil. She will get the coven through this and we will be stronger for it.”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Tony says. “I haven’t finished the download. Crap.” Tony goes to the computers and flicks through the streams of data. “It’ll take some time to initialize it.”
Tall, broad shouldered, handsome as hell, and trying to shrink his way into the shadows. Tony eyed him for a few minutes before he crossed the room and went to talk to the man. Before Tony opened his mouth though, the man nodded once and pointed to the back. Tony knew what would be through the narrow hallway – rooms. Rooms where not only blood would be taken, but also, he could have whatever he wanted from the man. He offered it all. Tony had licked his lips in anticipation. It had been a long time since he’d had a satisfying meal.
“Prince Anthony would like you to join him in the bath.”
Rhodey tucked his shirts into the drawers in the small walk in closet. “How do you even know where a Blood Den is? I thought those things were illegal.”
“Oh Captain, why do you think I’m here?” Loki curves his thin lips into an insidious smile. “To play with you, of course.”
“Yinsen, you said there was someone- is he one of the terrorists?” Steve roots around for a spoon and finds one. He tastes the soup. It’s more of a broth than anything else. No wonder Tony looks gaunt.
Stunned, Steve stands in his corner not seeing anything or hearing anything for the rest of the time. It’s hours of hiding away, trying to make himself as inconspicuous as possible. Being noticed by anyone now means they know, everyone knows in Steve’s head. Stane wouldn’t keep it a secret. Anytime Steve sees Stane speaking with other guests (Hammer, Odin, Erskine) he sure the rumor spreads like wildfire. He bites back the pain and tells himself that he’s not ashamed of who he is, what he does. Yet when Doctor Erskine weaves his way through the crowd to speak to him, Steve ducks away.
God forbid he want some time to process. Before she left, Natasha called and in no uncertain terms told him that he was acting like the ass that he was. Bruce spent most of the early part of the weeks in DC and when he returned to New York City, he never queried Tony about his disappearance. Any time they spent together, Tony would catch Bruce throwing a quizzical look at him. That was probably due to the mixed-up shit from his brain Tony fed him on the daily basis. Tony did not know what to do, how to deal with the soul bond. For Christ’s sake, he wanted to be part of the bond, part of the pack, but he hated the idea that he was Beloved.  Like he deserved so much more than an insignificant role – the love of the leader. What the hell? He deserved better. He deserved a role like a chief or futurist. He was a genius after all, the pack should need him in that role, not as the Beloved. The more he learned about the position of Beloved (and boy did he spend too much time studying it), the more the conflict grew in his head. According to the sources he’d consulted, his astral projection (what the fuck) was literally a part of Steve’s astral projection and vice versa. Their souls combined formed a whole and parted? He stopped himself because it only brought him back to the sense of isolation and abandonment Steve felt on a daily basis. Tony spent years ignoring that part of himself. How alone he was as a child, how isolated he felt as an adult. He told himself that all of points were the reasons he ran and he spat them out at Bruce one day when the man happened to give him one of those squirrelly looks.
Steve thinks he should be slightly ashamed or, at the very least, he should attempt some decorum. But within the confines of Tony’s household, being who he is, feels natural, and right. No one blinks an eye at him when Tony invites him to sit on the back porch overlooking the vast meadows to the mountainous country beyond the town.
Tony seems all the weaker the more time goes by, his body limp and pliant in Steve’s slowly thawing fingers. Luckily the cabin is small enough that the fire begins to warm it in minutes. Tony jerks under Steve’s ministrations, his eyes dull and unfocused.
“That’s good. Underneath it all, Fury is a good man,” Steve said and then stared at his wrist. He should have tried to invite Fury into the pack. He needed someone with strength, and the attitude to lead. It might take some of the pressure off him.
“What? And miss all this freak ass mystery that you’re a fucking angel? Never,” Tony says and maneuvers to get Steve to stand without toppling over. He assesses the mess of Steve’s wings and winces as he notes the numerous injuries. “Can you, can you fold them up if I pick you up?”
Tony grips his arms. “You do realize why I kept the secret, right? Barnes did horrific things. I know how much he means to you.”
“You can wait until morning Tony,” Steve says.
Ultron-Tony tilts his head slightly. He’s computing. “I think we need to get Cho in here right away.”
Tony groans in response and his whole body shivers. For a second, Steve thinks that he might go into another convulsion, but instead, he clings to Steve. He’s frightened. Steve brushes the hair away from his face. He takes the pillowcase and cleans away the tears.
don’t have to deal with it. At all. We can stay here.”
“Fuck, this is creepy. But sure, maybe I’m a Disney Princess and can talk to the animals now,” Tony says as he arranges the branches in the most suitable pattern. He notices all the branches are dried wood, none of them are green. The lion understands, not only understands but thinks rationally, logically. He’s not a biologist or zoologist but he’s pretty damned sure this isn’t natural.
“Yeah that’s what I thought,” Tony whispers. “Tell him no.”
“Well, there is that,” Steve agreed.
Steve jumps in to answer, “Why? Are you offering safe haven?”
Steve takes a step and Tony grabs onto him with both of his hands. “Don’t.”
“Don’t Steve. Don’t.” Tony covered his head. “Run if you can. Please run.”
“Not what I’m reading, boss. All the signs are there,” Penny says. “The local AI is requesting your preferences. I have to add that he’s a little rude.”
“You don’t even know what it is yet.”
“He’s hungry and needs a lot of food,” Tony instructs. “Can you get some?”
“Just before I called you. I came in to change the sheets on the bed.”
“Fine, whatever, but he’s sick and needs food. You want your bomb, you need him well.”
The screen changes to Christine Everhart again. She’s smiling at the camera. “Since his parents died, Tony Stark has transformed Stark Industries from a warmongering company to a center of innovation. All of us have benefited from Stark phones to Stark computer processors, to the newest invention of virtual reality goggles made for industry. Plus, the newest advances in nanotechnology and artificial intelligence from Stark Industries promise to change the world. But what of Tony Stark? We’ve only just begun to scratch the surface of this playboy who is more a recluse than a party animal. He puts on a good show when he’s controlling the deck, but who is Tony Stark really?
When she stands up, her focus is solely on Tony. He’s having none of her crap.
“I’ll knot you now, and then I will let you hang on the rack for a few hours.” Steve cannot help but thrust his hips as he thinks about being on the rack, being whipped. He cannot stop it. It’s part of who he is. “Do not come.”
Steve mutters, “Yeah, that would be nice.” He knows full well that will never happen. Their days are numbered and there’s no such thing as someday for someone like Steve.
Tony forced one foot and then the next; his heart like hammer in his chest. He studied Steve for any sign of wakefulness. Steve’s face was battered, split, and bruised. His brows stayed furrowed even in rest. His mouth was slightly parted. Tony glanced down at his abdomen where the compression packs held Steve together and something trembled through Tony. It reverberated in the bonds through him and into the man who called him Beloved. Tony shivered. A nausea roiled but he kept it back.
It's appalling.
“No, not that I know of, but Nat hasn’t swept it for bugs since yesterday.”
He follows the words.
With dogged determination, Bucky clutches Steve even closer if that’s even possible. He pushes through the currents and checks again for pursuit. There is none. Falling into crap might not be fun but at least it stops the enemy in their tracks. As he glances behind them, the fortress suffers from the damages to the pillars below and it quakes. He hurries his steps along, even against the current as it gets heavier. The water churns around him and Steve shakes from the cold. He’s very nearly naked, only a torn clothe over his groin. He tries to keep Steve from falling into the water, but his strength sags and he curses. Where’s Sam, where’s Clint?
But this.
“I-.” Steve stopped as the dreamscape reared its ugly memories. “We’re not here to talk about that. Not here. We should focus on you and what you need.”
“Tony, I was – I didn’t know if you’d come back for me.”
“Sir?”
“Yes, and Wanda tapped into his darkest fears,” Clint added. “It was a defense mechanism, but I’m not so certain that Tony will see it that way. Not with his current state of mind.”
Steve beams. “My mom taught me. I used to do the kneading because I thought it would give me muscles.” He laughs. “Didn’t work. Always had an asthma attack or arrythmia when I did it. But I loved it.”
They both had to deal with it. But they didn’t. Steve didn’t.  In short order, they were dismissed after all of the tests confirmed what they already knew: Bruce had linked up to Steve as the first of his pack. It put Steve on edge that SHIELD must have been experimenting with identifying packs, because how else would they have the instruments to do it? Steve could have lingered, but he was a man of action more than one of discussion and debate. He slipped out of the headquarters for SHIELD in Manhattan and found his way back to his apartment. It wasn’t much of a place and had a decided tilt toward brown and beige as far as decorating was concerned. He stayed there only because SHIELD paid for it. It was a temporary situation. Boxes in the corner attested to that since Steve was scheduled to move to Washington DC to start his new job with SHIELD.
“I don’t – Do you want to come?” Tony frowns. He cannot imagine bringing someone into the full din of a press conference after they have spent most of their life as a wild animal will go well. Yet Blu presented a calming influence throughout the time they spent together. Perhaps, Steve would be the same?
“Would you like me to check on him?” Tony offers.
Tony toppled onto Steve, his head pillowed at his waist. “Oh, lord, that was phenomenal. Where’d you learn to do that trick with your throat?”
“I’ll be there to support you, Tony. I will.” He clasps Tony’s hand to his lower belly. It’s wet with come but there’s something decadent about it.
They descend the stairs from the plane as if they’re royalty, and Steve can’t help but smirk at Ross as he scowls. The guards around him remind Steve of Rumlow and his Strike team. Black helmets with face shields and black uniforms. All of them are wearing body armor as if Steve might start spitting bullets at them.  Tony must see the ridiculousness of the situation because he smirks at Ross.
“I feel a little silly,” Steve mutters as he moves around in the bubble filled bath. The jetted tub, a massage room, and a steam room were designed by Tony during the original construction of the Malibu mansion. He rarely used them anymore and had since let go his personal masseuse.
“Well, yes but how about something a little less visually centric.” The amusement on Tony’s face is clearly evident.
“You have to work this with the entire pack, you can’t keep this up.” Sam stared at the boxes. “So you moving now or later.”
Bruce sat up and his eyes looked weary and puffy as if he’d been crying. “I don’t know.” He shrugged. “It could have been a flashback. All I know is that I was getting some kind of irritation through the bond. Nothing specific, mind you. Then it quieted. Eventually this happened.” Bruce gazed into the middle distance as he added, “For him it’s fresh you know. All those memories are like last week. To us it was generations ago, to him yesterday.”
Tony considers him, his red eyes flashing in the subdued lighting of the soul realm. “Why, Steve? Why stop living? You had a life to live. Me and Nat, we were finished, done. Why would you leave life behind?”
Sam walked over to Steve. “You of all people know the answer to the question, Steve. You. Not Captain America. And I, for one, think it’s high time you realized it.” He considered Steve and when he didn’t speak, Sam nodded. “I’m not waiting around for you to figure it out.”
Natasha turned to Tony. “He has a point.”
He’d walked into the bedroom at around ten at night. He must have fallen asleep, had a helluva dream, and did not climax though it felt like the best one he had in his life. Finally, the dizziness resolved and he stumbled to the bathroom, blinking at the bright lights enough that he asked JARVIS to dim them. Maybe he just drank too much. He remembered drinking a little last night. But shit, it wasn’t that much. He’s not a light weight in that department.
Steve places a hand on the window and drops his head, leaning heavily on his one arm. “I don’t, I can’t explain it Bucky. What happened wasn’t anything specific, it was more about what couldn’t be.”
The morning sun heats up the area and Tony rolls his shoulders. His ribs still ache, but his arm and wrist are a little better today. That’s a good sign. Either Blu’s disappeared for good, or he’s actually listening to Tony’s request. Doesn’t matter because Tony’s priority has to be the armor and getting the HUD up and running again. He sits down under the tree and connects up the wires to his chest. The HUD barely responds. A tiny flashing light on the inner jaw of the helmet tells him that the helmet is getting power but putting it on and requesting the read-out leaves him sitting in the heat in the dark.
“Okay, okay,” Steve said, not all too sure he was ready to share but he hated going down the pathway of despair when it came to Peggy. She had been his first and only love. Sure he’d looked at other ladies since, but nothing really moved him. His face warmed – until… He refused to think about it. “Let me catch a shower and I’ll be out in ten.”
Howard barked out laughter and shook his head. “I’m reduced to needing the help of an eight-year-old. Perfect, just perfect. Sure, why the hell not. Come in, Tony, regale me with your brilliance.”
“It’s Tony, he’s not well.”
“I always listened to my mother. I always stood up. I always fought the good fight. Now I don’t know what the good fight is anymore,” Steve said. He didn’t look at her. He picked at his perfect fingernail, peeling away the cuticle until he left it bloody. “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Size?”
“Hmm?” Steve pushes a branch out of the way.
Blu purrs louder.
Considering the fact that they both silently acknowledged the surveillance devices, Tony glares at Steve. “I am not filing for anything. I didn’t come here for that.”
Steve almost wants to attack but he was the one to bring up the deformity. "She's got more heart than half of those guys back there." He wipes away the blood from his nose. The boy and his Companion just rescued Steve from yet another back alley fight. He’s lucky the gang’s Soul Companions weren’t interested in engaging in the battle as well – when that happens – things get messy fast.
“There’s no ambiguity about his status at all.” Tony yanks down Steve’s collar. “Are we really going to do this again?"
Several missteps and he smacks into a Strike Team that’s just entered the ship. He recognizes the lead of the Strike Team, Brock Rumlow. From everything he’s heard from the different Brothel’s – Brock’s a bastard. Natasha won’t even allow him in the Widow Brothel at all.
“Kind of. It will be your past, but not our past. Not anyone else’s. Nothing is a firm answer here.”
“Got it. Thanks, ma’am.” Steve slides the keychain over the desk and picks it up.
“Well, aren’t you up on things,” Tony said but Steve didn’t hear the normal sarcasm in his voice.
“Captain?”
“Well, you had to apply for the job first, so that means you were looking.”
“I don’t know what I know,” Tony replied and the images – the feelings – of the Winter Soldier crushing his mother’s windpipe blasted through the soul bonds. It felt as if Steve was there, as if the astral projections of the memory showed it to him, made him experience it. Every horrible second of it.  A gag of revulsion and he snapped his attention to Bucky, only seeing the murderer and not the man, not his friend.
“Oh it’s Steve all right, but not really Steve,” Sam piped in. “This is a distraction. He’s trying to get us to leave him, get mad at him. Abandon him.”
“If I ask nicely, would you consider it?”
Tony stands to greet him, noting that Steven does as well. He looks a little green around the gills. Thor strides over to the table, his arms wide and a smile bursting on his face. “My Lord Stark!” He grabs Tony in a full embrace and shakes him. “This is a grand day, a good day. Soon the human realm and Asgard can come together and flourish.”
This Tony demon continues. “We had a team. We fought evil. We – well, sometimes you and I butted heads, but we always, always had the best of intentions.”
“You miss her.”
With gentle pressure against his side, Tony gets Steve to sway. It’s only a tiny movement. He listens to the ocean and Tony’s speaking to him, right in his ear. “Just let the ebb and flow take your body, float on the sounds of the waves.”
Steve glared at him. He concentrated on the excruciating pain at his mid-section, how it throbbed with each beat of his heart.
“Do not fear, Captain. This is your last battle, your last war before you find peace.”
“Yes, I know,” Steven says and there’s a slight tightness to his voice.
“My job description in the contracts says that I am to ensure your well-being.” Steve waits with his hand outstretched.
Steve joined him and shrugged as well. “Listen, I don’t make the rules. You have the position of Companion. How it plays out, I don’t know. You’ll figure it out, do what comes naturally.”
“Sir, I have contacted the authorities and called an ambulance,” JARVIS answers.
“Share?”
Bruce brightened.
Obie now puts his hands up in surrender. “I understand. Just know I have your best interests at heart, my boy.”
“Do you like the sport?”
Tony insists on walking down to the helicopter. The medics glare at him, but it’s not going to stop him. They lift the empty gurney and carry it down the stairs as Tony follows them. Steve brings up the rear with the bag slung over his shoulders. Tony has the good sense not to say anything more. He has his walking cane and taps out the stairs until he gets to the door that leads the way to where the helicopter landed at the rear of the house where the deliveries from the docks are usually off loaded from the small trucks that are housed in the garage. The helicopter barely fits and the blades as sluicing through the air with a chopping beat. Tony takes him by the arm, but Steve’s not comfortable with it.
